Positive 10594 pI want to replace equal number of unmatched characters with codecode. Like as Ive string p  precodexyzdsdasdasxyss.com codepre  pshould be replace intop  precodexsxs.com codepre  pRight now just for work around Im using the following regexp  precodew......w codepre  pSo using that followed regex along with codepregreplacecode like asp  precodeecho pregreplacew....w, 123, xyzdsdasdasxyss.com codepre  pwhich result intop  precodexsxs.com codepre  pbut what I want to achieve over here is p  precodexsxs.com codepre  pa hrefhttpsregex101.comrnW5iX93 relnofollowstrongDemostrongap
Positive 10594 pIm working in a code to minify htmlcssjs but i got a problem.p  pI need to replace  with  and .p  pExamplep  precodefuncion  Do something  codepre  pReplace top  precodefuncion  Do something   codepre  pHow do thatp
Positive 10594 pI am writing a simple field reporting web app that only accepts a small number of characters.p  pI have read that pregreplace has a negative affect on performance.p  pThis is a problem because I want to loop through all strongPOSTstrong and strongGETstrong variables to sanitize them and some of my forms have many fields.p  pIs there a faster way to whitelist p  pfor examplep  precodeifissetGET[test1] ampamp issetGET[test2] whitelist  strsplit0123456789                        abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz                        ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ .,  foreachGET as key gt ampval     val  arrayintersectstrsplitval,whitelist     val  implodeval      codepre  pYou can see that I am only allowing a few characters for punctuation. p  pThe space character seems to work when I test in the URL bar.p  pI have also seen people use strreplace after splitting the input into an array and replacing characters with  if they are not in the whitelist.p  precodeifissetGET[test1] ampamp issetGET[test2] whitelist  strsplit0123456789                        abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz                        ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ .,  foreachGET as key gt ampval     charlist  strsplitval     foreachcharlist as c         ifinarrayc,whitelist             val  strreplacec,,val                    codepre  pOr something like that.p  pAre there performance gains to be hadp  pHow would I test it.p
Positive 10594 pI am using the code bellow to fetch all images from a div and upload them to a new directory. How is it possible to replace the old path of images with newest to all of themp  pMy code so farp  precodenextstep  Hello i am image1 ltimg srchttpwww.adomain.codwpcontentuploads20151001.jpg alt01.jpggt and hello i am image 2 ltimg srchttpwww.adomain.codwpcontentuploads20151002.jpg alt01.jpggt  string  nextstep doc  new DOMDocument docgtloadHTMLstring images  docgtgetElementsByTagNameimg foreach images as image  STARTING LOOP echo ltbrgt echo imagegtgetAttributesrc . n echo ltbrgt urlimg  imagegtgetAttributesrc IMAGE URL URL  urldecodeurlimg imagename  stristrURL,,truestristrURL,,trueURL pos  strrposimagename, imagename  substrimagename,pos1 extension  stristrimagename,. ifextension  .jpg  extension  .png  extension  .gif  extension  .jpeg img  ..images . imagename fileputcontentsimg, filegetcontentsurl UPLOAD THEM ONE BY ONE   ENDING LOOP codepre  pi need to replace the new image path.p
Positive 10594 precodetitle  pregreplace, , title codepre  pIn case youre wondering what  is its the sign on the same key as backslash, except you use the Shift key to use it.p  pIt doesnt do it if you just do it as it is in the example. There must be some way of removing it.p
Positive 10594 pI want to make all the URL occurrence in text string as link. When I tried p  pcodepregmatchregexUrl, text, url  echo pregreplaceregexUrl1, lta href.url[0]. relnofollowgt.url[0].ltagt, textcode p  pit has replaced first match URL at all the places.p  pAlso following regex expression was not able to detect URL which ar starting with www.p  precoderegexUrl1  httphttpsftpftps[azAZ09.].[azAZ]2,3S  text  The text you want to filter goes here. httpwww.google.com data which in the httpwww.apple.com  if pregmatchregexUrl, text, url  echo pregreplaceregexUrl1, lta href.url[0]. relnofollowgt.url[0].ltagt, text     if no URLs in the text just return the text  else      echo IN Else .text   codepre  pThis is the code for  value detection in string.p  ptext This is a detection of a tag values in the text. any special values with hash will be shown as linkp  precoderegexUrl w if pregmatchregexUrl1, text, url     echo pregreplaceregexUrl1, lta href.url[0].     relnofollowgt.url[0].ltagt, text else    echo not Matched.text codepre  pp
Positive 10594 pI have this patternp  precodepregreplacecallbackabc..end.is, .. codepre  pMy template stringp  precodetest  abctestlth1gttestlth1gtend  not working test2  abctestlth1gttestlth1gtend   working codepre  pWhy it doesnt work if theres no space after endp
Positive 10594 pI want to change the following as belowbr    br   nbsp br   nbspnbsp p  pE.gp  precode1. ali sdn bhd gt ali sdn bhd 2. ali sdn bhd gt ali sdn bhd 3. ali sdn bhd gt ali sdn bhd codepre  pAnd here is the code writtenp  precodeltphp specialcharacters  array,, replacespecialcharacters  array,,  foreachspecialcharacters as value             ifstrposcompanyname, value  FALSE                      companyname  pregreplace.value., replacespecialcharacters, companyname   ERROR HERE              gt codepre  pHowever, from above output, I get this errorp  precodeWarning pregreplace Parameter mismatch, pattern is a string while replacement is an array ... codepre  pWhich part did I write wrong How should I modify itp
Positive 10594 precodelink  pregreplace,1,link codepre  pId like to just keep the original URL but this code not work for this URL belowp  precodehttpwww.bing.comnewsapiclick.aspxrefFexRssampampaidampamptid5BE65E4DC2EF4C818571BA346120C300ampampurlhttp3a2f2fsiouxcityjournal.com2fmobile2farticle584d875c91ec53efae510aeb0fb7c8d3.htmlampampc9ulXzxSMow9YJ2trisClb6T2Kc7YBWrzDj5tvyCAnoampampmktenus codepre
Positive 10594 pIve got this arrayp  precodeltphp      menu  array         9 gt pagescontact,         10 gt pagescalenderjan         ...       gt codepre  pAnd Ive got a string that looks like thisp  precodestring  This is a text with a lta href9gtlinkltagt inside it. codepre  pI want to replace code9code with codepagescontactcode.p  pIve got thisp  precodestring  pregreplace[09], , string codepre  pBut I cant use codemenu[1]code. Any help is appreciated.p
Positive 10594 pIm trying to replace a string simultaneously with strtr but I came across a problem. If the letter being replaced simultaneously is next to another letter that is being replaced simultaneously it doesnt replace the letter after the first letter. What can I do to fix this Thanks.p  precodetext   no bacon cats nobody  text  strtrtext, array no  gt  bacon ,  bacon  gt  no ,  cats  gt  dogs  echo text codepre  pb Expected Results bp  precodebacon no dogs nobody codepre  pb Actual Results bp  precodebacon bacon dogs nobody codepre  pP.S I have to make sure those words arent part of another word. Thats why the white spaces are there. For example, the word no is part of nobody, and if you replaced all no in the string, it would also replace words like nobody p
Positive 10594 pI have the following URL structurep  pcodehttpwebsite.comwordpress201204permalinkstringstringcodep  pI want to get rid of code201204codep  pI tried thisp  pcodecont  pregreplacehttpwebsite.comwordpress[09]4[09]2, httpwebsite.com, contcodep  pI doubleescaped the backslash...p  pI tried samples from other topics and not getting any result. Just empty codecontcode.p  pThanksp
Positive 10594 pI am creating a file reader and I need to design it the way, so that the spanish letters would be changed to english otherwise it wont work...p  pIt seems easy enough however the letters are just not replacing..p  precodeheader  thisgtfilegtcurrent          replace spanish characters with english          spanishChars  array, , , , , , , , , , ,          englishChars  arrayo, a, i, e, u, n, O, A, I, E, U, N          headers  strreplacespanishChars, englishChars, header          echo vardumpheaders die codepre  pThe output I get is the samethe letter is not replacedp  precode0 gt string id,categria,nombre,descripcion,PVP sin iva,PVD,stock,EAN13,estado,referencia,foto length82 codepre  pAny thoughtsp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pBecause the spanish letter is converted to a  it probably is the reason why it cant convertp  pBecauce is I dop  precodeheaders  iconvUTF8, ASCIITRANSLITIGNORE, header codepre  pthis completely removes the spanish letter andp  precodeheaders  iconvUTF8, ASCIITRANSLIT, header codepre  psays that codeiconv Detected an illegal character in input stringcodep  pAny other ideasp
Positive 10594 pCan you please help me find the pregreplace syntax so i can duplicate the price where it is missing The subject isp  precode...nomaterwhat13124123,321,00,,nomaterwhat ...nomaterwhat12321,322,20,134,00,nomaterwhat ...nomaterwhat1321,211,00,,nomaterwhat ...nomaterwhat31313,241,00,,nomaterwhat codepre  pMy output want to bep  precode...nomaterwhat13124123,321,00,321,00,nomaterwhat ...nomaterwhat12321,322,20,134,00,nomaterwhat ...nomaterwhat1321,211,00,211,00,nomaterwhat ...nomaterwhat31313,241,00,241,00,nomaterwhat codepre  pI tried p  precodepregreplaceW,,nomaterwhat, 1,1,nomaterwhat, string codepre
Positive 10594 pIve a body of content that is read in and it contains numerous strings like codesometextcode and what Im trying to do is to find all these occurances and replace them with another value from an array for example codetext[sometext]code.p  pIve tried using pregreplace but not sure how I go about taking the found text between the brackets and use it in the replace value.p  precodebody  This is a body of sometext text from a book. text[sometext]  really cool parsedBody  pregreplace[].[]U, text[], body codepre  pAs you can see Im trying to get the codesometextcodetext out of the string and use it to call an element from an array, this example is very basic as there codebodycodevalue is vastly larger and codetextcodehas a couple hundred elements too it.p
Positive 10594 pI manage to remove the spaces but I cant understand why it would remove my returns as well. I have a textarea in my form and I want to allow up to two returns maximum. Here is what I have been using so far.p  precodestring  pregreplacess,  , string  supposed to remove more than one consecutive space  but also deletes my returns ... string  pregreplacennn, nn, string  using this one by itself does not do as expected and removes all returns ... codepre  pIt seems first line already gets rid of more than one spaces AND all returns ... Which is strange. Not sure than I am doing it right ...p
Positive 10594 pI spent hours looking at dozens of different solutions but none of them worked. I am receiving the content of a textarea in a php string and I would like to remove anything which is more than one blank line.p  precodeExample ok Hi how are you,   one blank line here so ok to keep Not too bad thanks  Example not ok hi how are you  two lines or more here so we remove one and keep the other  not too bad thanks codepre  pDoes someone know the proper pregreplace to use Note that I dont want to modify the data no nl2br please as it is easier for me to keep it raw ios support.p
Positive 10594 pI use flazy like fluxbb and punbb.p  pI try to fix codepregreplacecode error but now bbcode isnt working. When I type [b]Bold[b] it shows [b]Bold[b] not strongBoldstrong.p  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comflazyusFlazyForumBetablobmasterincludeparser.php relnofollowhttpsgithub.comflazyusFlazyForumBetablobmasterincludeparser.phpap  pCan you helpp
Positive 10594 pI am stuck with a weird problem. Ive never seen anything like that before and I cant find any similar cases to my problem. I am on Windows 7, PHP 5.5.x and Apache.p  pMy framework is serving javascript by itself e.g. with codereadfile...code . This approach allows me to translate and serve javascript files on the fly duh. For instance, if JS code contains smth like codevar msglttranslategtThis stringlttranslategtcode then, when its being served by the framework, codelttranslategtcode tags are translated with p  precodepregreplacecallbacklttranslategt.lttranslategti, callback, content codepre  pWhere codecallbackcode is the function that translates codecontentcode. p  pThe codecallbackcode can be boiled down to this simple code which still will cause JS to render improperlyp  precodecallback  functionmatches      return matches[1]  codepre  pAll in all it works well on Linux, but when I try running that on Windows, my Firefox refuses to interpret translated JS codep  pHas anyone had any similar problemsp  pIve also tried codepregreplacecode, codepregreplacecallbackcode and even codestrreplacecode just for fun. Any string replacement in JS code leads to errors on client side. Explicitly setting codecharsetutf8code in codeContentTypecode header doesnt help either. p
Positive 10594 pI always have problems with strings full of weird characters that are not white spaces but they do count as an element of the string. How can I remove all this characters from the string not removing inner spacesp  pI am using pregreplace, but it eliminates inner spaces which I want to keep. p  precodestring  pregreplaces, , string codepre  pPhp shows that My string has 40 elements p  precodestring40gt      My string  codepre  pAnd it should have only 9 just like thatp  precodestring9gtMy string codepre  pThis spaces at the beginning and end of the word are not feed, enter or tab since Ive used string replace just like thatp  precodestrreplacer, , string strreplacet, , string strreplacechar10, , string codepre
Positive 10594 pI am trying to parse URLs containing codeampcode with codepregreplacecode.p  precodecontent  pregreplacehttps[az09.amp]i, lta href0 targetblankgt0ltagt, content codepre  pBut I use it for user comments, so Im also using htmlspecialchars function to prevent XSS.p  precodefunction formatContributionContentcontent      content  nl2brhtmlspecialcharscontent       Regexp for mails     content  pregreplace[az09.][az09.amp]2,.[az]2,4, lta hrefmailto0gt0ltagt, content       Regexp for urls     content  pregreplacehttps[az09.amp]i, lta href0 targetblankgt0ltagt, content      vardumpcontent   formatContributionContenthttpsopenclassrooms.comindex.phppage3ampskinblue codepre  pAnd htmlspecialchars transforms codeampcode into codeampampcode so my regexp produce a wrong result. Indeed, with the following URL.p  precodehttpwww.siteduzero.comindex.phppage3ampskinblue codepre  pI obtain codecodep  precodelta hrefhttpsopenclassrooms.comindex.phppage3ampamp targetblankgthttpsopenclassrooms.comindex.phppage3ampampltagtskinblue codepre
Positive 10594 pCan someone tell me why when I run this code the pregreplace function seems like it does nothingp  precodeltphp     string      waka httpvideo.webmfiles.orgbigbuckbunnytrailer.webm waka     search      http..webm      replace     ltvideo width320 height240 controlsgtltsource src1 typevideowebmgtltvideogt     url  pregreplacesearch,replace,string     echo url gt codepre  pIs my search string wrong If so, how can I fix it Its suppose to replace strings starting in codehttpcode and ending in code.webmcode and surround them with the html code needed to play the .webm video.p
Positive 10594 precodethis is text before the tag r t     beginalignedt r r     leftfrac130100xright  t     endaligned this is text after the tag r t  codepre  pI want to delete all occurances of codercode, codetcode and codencode between the codebegincode and codeendcode . How can I do it using codepregreplacecode.p
Positive 10594 pHere is my code but it only change first character of the stringp  precodestring  Earrold Imperial Valdez  text  pregreplaceb[az]i,ltspan stylecolorredgt1ltspangt,text   echo text  codepre
Positive 10594 pim return this url into  arrayp  precodeimagelink  SERVER[SERVERNAME] .testwpcontentpluginstestcaptcha .captchaURL..jpeg codepre  pwhen i    codereturn imagelinkcode in one of my array it shows this p  pImage URLlocalhosttestwpcontentpluginstestcaptchaLTgLUodmPu.jpegp  pi try to replace the  p  precodeimagelink  SERVER[SERVERNAME] .testwpcontentpluginstestcaptcha .captchaURL..jpeg replace  strreplace,,imagelink return replace codepre  pthe result is still the same  it doesnt seems to replace. why its the same as i also use pregreplace function.p  pplease help if you have the ans.p
Positive 10594 pIm trying to learn how to use named groups properly and for some reason i dont know how to use strongpregreplacestrong with named groups.p  pFor example without named groupsp  precodestr  som,ething regex  w[w]w replace  12  pregreplaceregex, replace, str codepre  pOutputbrp  blockquote   psomethingp blockquote  pBut if I try to use named groupsp  precodestr  som,ething regex  ltfoogtw[w]ltbargtw replace  foobar  pregreplaceregex, replace, str codepre  pThe output will bep  blockquote   pfoobarp blockquote
Positive 10594 pI have a pretty large database with some data listed in this format, mixed up with another bunch of words in the emkeywordsem column.p  pstrongBA 093strong, strongRJ 342strong, strongES 324strong, etc.p  pThe characters themselves always vary but the structure remains the same. I would like to change all of the strings that obey this character structure  em2 characters AZem, emspaceem, em3 characters 09em to the followingp  pstrongBA093strong, strongRJ342strong, strongES324strong, etc.p  pBe mindful that these strings are mixed up with a bunch of other strings, so I need to isolate them before replacing the empty space. Here is a sample stringp  pcodeKm 111 aracoiaba Araoiaba sp 270 spvias vias sao paulo  Araoiaba Bidirecionalcodep  pstrongsp 270strong is the bit we want to change. p  pemEDIT There was also an exception which should ignore the condition in case KM are the first two characters, it was handled by one of the answersemp  pI have written the beginning of the script that picks up all the data and shows it on the browser to find a solution, but Im unsure on what to do with my emifem statement to isolate the strings and replace them. And since Im using explode it is probably turning the data above into two separate arrays each, which further complicates things.p  precodeltphp  require includesconnect.php  pullkeywords  dbgtquerySELECT keywords FROM main  while result  pullkeywordsgtfetchobject       separatekeywords  explode , resultgtkeywords     printr separatekeywords     echo ltbr gt  codepre  pAny help is appreciated. Thank you in advance.p
Positive 10594 pIve got a small piece of code that needs to be updated to comply with PHP 5.6 as Im currently getting a DEPRECATED error message. The code comes from a plugin I use and was created by someone else so Im not sure exactly how it needs to be modified.p  pHere is the error message.p  precodePHP Deprecated  pregreplace The e modifier is deprecated, use pregreplacecallback instead codepre  pHere is the piece of code.p  precodemessagetext  pregreplace     [ . skiptaglist . ].[ . skiptaglist . siUe,     converturltobbcodecallbackautotitle3, 1,     messagetext  codepre  pI realize this needs to be updated to use strongpregreplacecallbackstrong however aside from changing strongpregreplacestrong to strongpregreplacecallbackstrong I know that there are other changes that need to be made to the code, Im just not sure exactly what.p  pI understand I could just ignore this error, however I would like someone to fix the code for me so that it will be updated to work correctly with PHP 5.6p  pThanks in advancep
Positive 10594 pI have below stringp  precodestring  id0000001 did659 interval2 media.jpg codepre  pI want to replace 2 value is dynamic 0 to 1000 in interval tag with 0. How can I do itp  pI tried following code but it replaces allp  precodereturnValue  pregreplaced, 0, string, 1, count codepre
Positive 10594 pWhen i get the url varible by pregreplace feedback it doesnt work but it i specify the url value with the commented line it works. Whats wrong in my code please Many thanks.p  precodecontent  pregreplaceplugin[ ], getPlugin1, content  function getPluginplugin      url  http.SERVER[HTTPHOST].plugin.phplanguageen     url  http.SERVER[HTTPHOST].plugincontact.phplanguageen     ch  curlinit     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTURL, url     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, 1     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTCONNECTTIMEOUT, 10     data  curlexecch     curlclosech     return data  codepre
Positive 10594 pI have string in PHP, likep  precodeu0410222u0410u0410 codepre  pAnd I need to modify the string by adding slashes likep  precodeu0410222u0410u0410 codepre  padd 3 slashes for each slash in string, except first slash I want to use PHP pregreplace for this case, and how to write regular expressionp
Positive 10594 pSuppose p  precodestring    we will study integers amp functions amp matrices such as begintabularccc  a     amp b amp c   a     amp b amp c    endtabular  codepre  pI would like to escape special latex characters such as amp outside math mode while leaving all the math stuff alone, so the desired output would bep  precodestring    we will study integers amp functions amp matrices such as begintabularccc  a     amp b amp c   a     amp b amp c    endtabular  codepre  pIf anyone could lead me in a good direction I would be very grateful. thxp
Positive 10594 pI have a question about pregreplace. I have the following HTML in WordPressp  precodeltimg width256 height256 srchttplocalhostwpcontentuploads201508spidermanavatar.png classattachmentpostthumbnail wppostimage altspidermanavatargt codepre  pI change it to the followingp  precodeltimg src databreakpointhttplocalhostwpcontentuploads201508 dataimgthemefolder.jpg classsrcbox altspidermanavatargt codepre  pwith the following pregreplacep  precodehtml  pregreplace     srchttps..[09].jpg.jpeg.png.gif,     src databreakpoint1 dataimg2folder4,  Replace and split src attribute into two new attributes     pregreplace         widthheight[09],         ,  Remove width and height attributes         pregreplace             ltimg [gt]class[],             ltimg 1 class2 srcbox,  Add class srcbox to class attribute             html                codepre  pI have the feeling I have written some serious slow code, and it can be done in a single pregreplace.p  pChris85 mentioned the HTML parser, so I found this and got this so farp  pa hrefhttpnimishprabhu.comtop10bestusageexamplesphpsimplehtmldomparser.html relnofollowhttpnimishprabhu.comtop10bestusageexamplesphpsimplehtmldomparser.htmlap  precodeincludesimplehtmldom.php  html  filegethtmlhtml codepre  pFrom here I COULD loop through all images and change the codethcode attribute. But how do I put the new element were it came fromp
Positive 10594 pSay I have thisp  precodeltpgt  This is a paragraph.ltpgtltpgtampnbspThis is another paragraph.ltpgt codepre  pI want it to bep  precodeltpgtThis is a paragraph.ltpgtltpgtThis is another paragraph.ltpgt codepre  pI cannot simply use codetrimcode as there is the codeltpgtcode at the beginning. But I also cant use the codestrreplacecodecodepregreplacecode as I need to retain the empty space inside codeThis is a paragraphcode. How should I achieve this Thanksp
Positive 10594 phello I have a php regex code like this p  precodepregreplaceltdivs.sclassss.idss.sgti,ltdiv  aligncenter class1 id2gt, html source code codepre  pnow what I want to do is to replace all  tags in the source html code and then keep only the class and id from the div tag plus add aligncenter to itbr examplesbr codeltdiv stylebordernone classclassbuttongt will be replaced to ltdiv aligncenter classclassbuttongtcodebrp  precodeltdiv stylebordernone classclassbutton ididstylegt will be replaced to ltdiv aligncenter classclassbutton ididstylegt codepre  pbr I already tried many codes using php regex but nothing seems to be working for me. so if someone can help me or give me a domdocument code to fix this issue. thanks in advance.p
Positive 10594 pI have string like codesome text here and other text here and next textcode and I want to replace it to codeltstronggtsome text here ltstronggtcode. I want to replace it only when every codecode has a pair.  for example  codesome textcode will be replaced with codeltstronggtsome textltstronggtcode but codesome textcode wont be replaced. How to do thisp  pquick lesson about regex and the answer was codepregreplace[], ltstronggt1ltstronggt, some text here and other text here and next textcodep
Positive 10594 pI need to write a test case for this function but I just cant seem to get it correctly. I am testing over my local machine if that means anything.p  precodefunction cleanEncodinga  Replace specified foreign character with equivalent english character  filter  [amp34 gt ,        ampquot gt ,        amp38 gt amp,        amp38 gt amp,        amp60 gt lt,        amplt gt lt,        amp62 gt gt,        ampgt gt gt,        amp160 gt  ,         amp224 gt a,        amp225 gt a,        amp226 gt a,        amp227 gt a,        amp228 gt a,        amp229 gt a,        amp230 gt a,        amp231 gt c,        amp232 gt e,        amp233 gt e,        amp234 gt e,        amp235 gt e,        amp236 gt i,        amp237 gt i,        amp238 gt i,        amp239 gt i,        amp241 gt n,        amp240 gt o,        amp242 gt o,        amp243 gt o,        amp244 gt o,        amp245 gt o,        amp246 gt o,        amp248 gt o,        amp249 gt u,        amp250 gt u,        amp251 gt u,        amp252 gt u,        amp253 gt y,        amp255 gt y,        amp339 gt oe,        amp353 gt s,         amp192 gt A,        amp193 gt A,        amp194 gt A,        amp195 gt A,        amp196 gt A,        amp197 gt A,        amp198 gt A,        amp199 gt C,        amp200 gt E,        amp201 gt E,        amp202 gt E,        amp203 gt E,        amp204 gt I,        amp205 gt I,        amp206 gt I,        amp207 gt I,        amp209 gt N,        amp210 gt O,        amp211 gt O,        amp212 gt O,        amp213 gt O,        amp214 gt O,        amp216 gt O,        amp217 gt U,        amp218 gt U,        amp219 gt U,        amp220 gt U,        amp221 gt Y,        amp376 gt Y,        amp338 gt OE,        amp352 gt S,]  replace foreign character with equivalent english character foreach filter as b gt c  d  strreplaceb, c, a   deletes foreign character that was not found d  pregreplaceamp[09],,a return a  codepre  pThis is my test code. It prints out but it is still in the foreign characters. I need it to print in the English character equivalent.p  precodea  Hamp234llamp248 Wamp244rldamp36 e  cleanEncodinga echo e codepre
Positive 10594 pIm required to create a simple template engine I cant use Twig or Smarty, etc. because the designer on the project needs to be able to just copypaste her HTML into the template with no configuration, mussfuss, whatever. Its gotta be strongreallystrong easy.p  pSo I created something that will allow her to do just that, by placing her content between code CONTENT code code CONTENT code tags.p  pMy only problem is that I want to make sure that if she uses multiple spaces in the tags  or NO spaces  it wont break i.e. code   CONTENT   code or codeCONTENTcodep  pWhat I have below accomplishes this, but Im afraid it may be overkill. Anybody know a way to simplify this functionp  precodefunction defineContenttag, string       offset  strlentag  6       add a space to our tags if none exist     string  strreplace.tag,  .tag, string     string  strreplacetag., tag. , string       strip consecutive spaces     string  pregreplaces,  , string       now that extra spaces have been stripped, were left with this       CONTENT  My content goes here  CONTENT        remove the template tags     return  substrstring, strposstring,  .tag.   offset     return  substrreturn, 0, strposreturn,  .tag.       return return    heres the string string        CONTENT   My content   goes here   CONTENT      run it through the function content  defineContentCONTENT, string  echo content   gives us this... My content goes here codepre
Positive 10594 pAnyone expert with Freemarker  One of my thirdparty company uses freemarker, and I dont really know a lot of it.brp  pI just want to take alphabet from stringbrp  pExamplebrp  blockquote   pJAVA2015123100001    JAVAbr   PHYTON2015123100002  PHYTONbrp blockquote  pIn PHP, I can do it using codepregreplacecode like this.brp  precodeoutput  pregreplaced., , string codepre  pHow to do it in Java Freemarkerp
Positive 10594 pIm not really sure how to word the title but Im trying to achieve the followingp  pcodestring  category.page[09]code and I need to turn that into codecategorytestpage2code by means of passing an array of parameters like sop  precodeArray      [0] gt test     [1] gt 2  codepre  pDoing codestring  pregreplace.string., replacements, stringcode results in an error about codereplacementscode being an array, which matches what a hrefhttpphp.netmanualenfunction.pregreplace.php relnofollowthe documentationa says, however Im not sure how else to go about it.p  pI cant really get my head around the pattern and subject begin the same string.p
Positive 10594 phello as described from the title br I have an input like this br codeltinput typehidden nametest[] gtcodebr what I want to do is to remove [] from the name attribute so it will look like thisbr codeltinput typehidden nametest gtcodebr  I want to use it using regex or domdocument. thanks for the help. brps  I have many input so they will be random name attribute not only test.br Im using foreach code to get all posts from a website so inputs with arrays in name attribute doesnt get submited thats why .p
Positive 10594 precodetestString  this is testing start [youtubehttpwww.youtube.comwatchvabcdampw640amph390] this is last  codepre  pI want this to be replace by following  p  precodetestString  this is testing start ltiframe srchttpwww.youtube.comwatchvabcdampw640amph390gtltiframegt this is last codepre  pKindly Help p
Positive 10594 pI am trying to check the prefix of a number. The following is my codep  precode   if pregmatch[070071072254702547125472], phoneno                  countryCode254                 newNumber  pregreplace0, countryCode, phoneno                    else                  response  arraystatuscodegt1234,messagegtInvalid Phone number                 thisgtresponsejsonencoderesponse,200,thisgtcallback          codepre  pEvery time a request is made the response I get is Invalid Phone number.p
Positive 10594 pPlease help me with this. I wrote this but nothing occurs. What are doing wrongp  precodesText  pregreplace w,   . mbstrtoupper1, sText codepre
Positive 10594 pphp replace these special characters ms word autogenerated single quotes in stringp  pthis kind of quote  br  and this   br  should become simple single quote like this  p  peg string   o Really o Brian p  pshould bep  p o Really o Brian p
Positive 10594 pIf I have a string likep  precodestring  the grey fox [[function name]] jumped over the moon codepre  pHow do I remove everything from the string strongexceptstrong what is found in the strongsquare bracketsstrong I can codefind and replacecode the code inside the square brackets like sop  precodepagefunction  pregreplace[[.]], , string codepre  pI need a way to strongcodeinverse the pregreplacecodestrong so I can replace all EXCEPT the code found in the codepregreplacecode.p  pThanksp
Positive 10594 pI am a beginner in PHP amp i am in process of converting all my http links to https.p  pFollowing is my code footer.phpp  precodefunction cssgenerator       footerbackgroundimage      .tdfooterwrapperbefore          backgroundimage urlfooterbackgroundimage       tdcsscompilergtloadsettingfooterbackgroundimage codepre  pWhere can i apply pregreplace function to replace http link with https. The value of footerbackgroundimage is always getting generated as httpp  pThanksp
Positive 10594 pHow can I replace the following optional word expression from a given string in phpp  pGiven string  codeClient Side ABC Clientcode or codeClient Side  XYZ Clientcodep  pNow I want to replace expression from the given word  codeClient Sidecode or codeClient Side code Difference between both of them is that, one word ends with colon codewordcode and another ends with a extra space and colon codeword codep  pSo how can I write a regeX to resolve this problem.  I have tried with codestrreplacecode, but it would multiple codestrreplacecode to do that. I want a clean and simple regeX using codepregreplacecode to replace the given expression.p
Positive 10594 pI want to match an array against a text string where words matching with the array keys will be replaced by a span tag with a title with the matching array value.p  pI can do that with strireplace but then the matched words lose their casep  precodeglossary  array     word1 gt ltspan titleExplanation for Word 1gtword1ltspangt,     word2 gt ltspan titleExplanation for Word 2gtword2ltspangt,     word3 gt ltspan titleExplanation for Word 3gtword3ltspangt   text  This is a text about Word1. We also talk about word2 and WORD3. Also woRd3, word2 and WORD1  listkeys, values  arraydivideglossary  result  strireplacekeys, values, text codepre  pAs said, this works but in this solution all matching words will be in lowercase.p  pstrongWhat I want to achieve is thisstrongp  precodeThis is a text about ltspan titleExplanation for Word 1gtWord1ltspangt.  We also talk about ltspan titleExplanation for Word 2gtword2ltspangt and ltspan titleExplanation for Word 3gtWORD3ltspangt. Also ltspan titleExplanation for Word 3gtwoRd3ltspangt,  ltspan titleExplanation for Word 2gtword2ltspangt and ltspan titleExplanation for Word 1gtWORD1ltspangt codepre  pDo the replacements and strongkeep the case intactstrong.p  pI found a great reply that came close but it only works with the addition of the span tag around the matched words, it does not add a second variable for the title a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16740116phpstrireplacewithoutlosingcasephp strireplace without losing casea.p  pI dont know enough regex It dazzles me to change it by adding a second variable for the span titlesp  precodetxt  Hi How are you doing Have some stars    arrayofwords  arrayHi, stars,   pattern  ltW         . implode, arraymappregquote, arrayofwords        . Wi  echo pregreplacepattern,        ltspan stylebackgroundcolorEEEE00gt1ltspangt, txt codepre
Positive 10594 pIm using PHP to create a string filter. I need to replace some words by other words so Im using the strreplace function like this p  precodephrase   You should eat fruits, vegetables, and fiber every day. healthy  arrayfruits, vegetables, fiber yummy    arraypizza, beer, ice cream newphrase  strreplacehealthy, yummy, phrase  echo gt You should eat pizza, beer, and ice cream every day. codepre  pSo far so good but I need to replace words even if they contains several letters like thisp  precodephrase   You should eat fruuits, vegetaaables, and fiiibeeer every day. codepre  pI found this example to remove double letters in a stringp  precodestring  pregreplacew1, 1, phrase codepre  pBut if I apply this example to my string, all words with double letters will be changed... For example Google will become Gogle and I dont want that.p  pAny ideas  Thanksp
Positive 10594 pI was wondering what is the safest and the most efficient way to extract ParcelsAIN Numbers using Reg Exp via PHP.  These parcel numbers are coming from a HUGE text file that are surrounded by addresses, characters and strings. When I use phps reg exp, I dont get any accurate parcels that I want. Im not sure how to extract the parcel numbers being that they come in a varieties of ways. A snippet of the text, and the regular expression im using is below.p  pParcels usually come in a variety of ways, to many to list here, but here are a few p  ul lip130.1813,pli lip01006030000000020000C0410,pli lip010AVB0000000020000C0410,pli lip01006030000000020000BFB0101,pli lip412001216.39222,pli lip412089214.13.12,pli lip412001216.41112.6, pli ul  pThe php code im currently using..p  precode   pattern  [09AZ.]9,30     regexp  pregmatchallpattern, text below , matches,   PREGPATTERNORDER codepre  p12020                                                                         200800031620700 412001216.41111.1            JOE JACKSON L               555 EASTERN AVE               BALLSTON SPA, NY 12020                                                                                                       200800059632500 412001216.41111.2            MICHEAL JORDAN              555 YELLOW AVE               BALLSTON SPA, NY 12020                                                                                                       200800007874700 412001216.41112.6            BRITTNEY SPEARS         PO BOX 139                    ESOPUS, NY 124290139                                                                                                        200800057794400 412001216.47217              MAROON 5             686 BALLYY AVE              BALLSTON SPA, NY 12020                                                                                                       200800031662900 412001216.48121             LADY J GAGA SMIT           FORNOTX ROBERT                 999 N HIGH ST                 GILLMORE SPA, NY 12020                                                                         200800065014500 412001216.5518               BILLY RODGER LIL JOSEPH A JRp
Positive 10594 pI have scriptp  precodeif empty params    q  pregreplacede, thisgtquoteparams[1  1], q   thisgtnumQueries thisgtsql  q thisgtresult  mysqlquery q, thisgtlink  codepre  pin server with PHP 5.5.5 an website display errorp  pstrongpregreplace The e modifier is deprecated, use pregreplacecallback insteadstrongp  pPlease how to repair this issuep  pThank you p
Positive 10594 pThis code p  precodetext  pregreplace[sazAZ09.,], , text codepre  psuccessfully removes special chars like  ecc. I want to save whitespaces, , , , letters, number, accents, .,,  and , nothing else. It works fine, but it cant remove this p  pIts just an example so I could make a special rule, but Im afraid that it cant remove other chars too. Why is that How can I remove absolutely everything that is not what I listed abovep
Positive 10594 pIm wanting to strip out everything from a URL but the domain. So a hrefhttpi.imgur.comrA81kQf.jpg relnofollowhttpi.imgur.comrA81kQf.jpga becomes imgur.com.p  precodeurl  httpi.imgur.comrA81kQf.jpg  parsedurl  parseurlurl  parsedurl  pregreplacewww...i, 1, parsedurl[host]   now if a dot exists, grab everything after it. This removes any potential subdomain parsedurl  pregreplace...,2,parsedurl codepre  pThe above works but I feel like I should only being one pregreplace for this. Any idea how I may combine the twop
Positive 10594 pI have a string with several instances of a single wildcard characterp  blockquote   pAn X a X keeps the X away.p blockquote  pand an array with replace termsp  precode[apple,day,doctor] codepre  pI want to replace the first wildcard with the first array value, the second wildcard with the second array value etc, givingp  blockquote   pAn apple a day keeps the doctor away.p blockquote  pIm sorry if this has been asked elsewhere, but I cant find any examples with a emsingleem search and emmultipleem replaces, only multiple searches for multiple replaces, but the wildcards are not numbered so this wouldnt be suitable.p  pThanks.p
Positive 10594 pI am trying to work out how to pop an optional group into a pregreplacecallback but I am having trouble matching the  characterp  pHere is the code I have this farp  precodepatternpregreplacecallbackPltparamgt[AazZ09]Pltmodgt[],      functionmatches              printrmatches         keymatches[1]         return lt.matches[param].gt.matches[mod].          ,subject codepre  pThis generates the following patternp  precodecategoryltfoogtltbazgt.ltbargt.ltharrygt.foo codepre  pFor the following stringp  precodecategoryfoobaz.bar.harry.foo codepre  pAs you can see its carrying over the . but not the plus, essentially I would like it to carry into the named mod capture group any modifier that I append to a variable.p  pI am not very good at regex so Im amazed to have gotten this far and any help on my quest would be greatly appreciatedp
Positive 10594 pIm trying to remove empty paragraphs from a string. Yes, I know it sounds pretty easy, but it just wont work. I have tried many solutions that I read here on the forum, but neither of them will work. I should probably add that I get the strings that I want to convert from an array which is created from a jsonfile. Heres my codep  precodeif jsonfile  jsondecodefilegetcontentsexport.json, true      str  jsonfile[12][thestring]  echo str codepre  pWhen I look at the source code of the page I seep  precodeltpgt ltpgt ltpgt ltpgt ltpgt ltpgt ltpgtSome text, Some textltpgt codepre  pNow I want to get rid of only the empty paragraphs. I have tried thisp  precodeecho pregreplaceltp[gt]gt[sampnbsp]ltpgt, , str codepre  p...but it doesnt work. Neither does this far more simple solutionp  precodeecho strreplaceltpgt ltpgt,,str codepre  pTrying both of the solutions above, the output is exactly the original string. Any help would be highly appreciated, as I have been searching the forum for half a day now... Thanks in advancep  pEdit It has to do something with the format of the string that I get from the array. For testing I just copypasted the output into the following and here it works absolutely finep  precodestr2   ltpgt ltpgt ltpgt ltpgt ltpgtampnbspltpgt ltpgtSome text, Some textltpgt  echo pregreplaceltp[gt]gt[sampnbsp]ltpgt, , str2 codepre  pEDIT2 This is the actual content being accessed in the json filep  precodeltpgtu00a0ltpgtnltpgtu00a0ltpgtnltpgtu00a0ltpgtnltpgtThis is some textltpgt codepre
Positive 10594 pI use the below method to strip away unwanted characters from everything that gets inserted or updated in a database.p  pTo be honest I only want to allow the following characters other than regular letters and numbers codecode, codecode, codecode, codecode... and a few others. Pretty much characters which will allow someone to write a regular phrase. p  pAm I going at it the right way  The codepregreplacecode currently strips away spaces from strings. How can I make it stop How can I add wanted characters to pregreplacep  precodepublic function striparr  array      if isarrayarr  countarr              return array           returnArray  array      foreacharr as key gt val              val  thisgtdbgtmysqligtrealescapestringval         val  striptagsval         val  pregreplace[AZaz09], , val          returnArray[key]   val            return returnArray   codepre
Positive 10594 pI have a string like thisp  pcodelinkthere is link1link, linkthere is link2linkcodep  pNow i want to set the links that it look like thisp  pcodelta hrefthere is link1gtthere is link1ltagt, lta hrefthere is link2gtthere is link2ltagtcodep  pI tried with pregreplace but the result is an error codeUnknown modifier lcodep  pcodepregreplacelink.linkU, lta href1gt1ltagt, returncodep
Positive 10594 pI want to remove last N characters from string if these characters are non alpha numeric strings.p  pFor examplep  ul licodeTEST.code  codeTESTcodeli licodeTEST2.code  codeTEST2codeli licodeTEST3.,code  codeTEST3codeli ul  pI was able to achieve that with the following regular expression but it only works for last last character works for example 1 above. How to check if more then just a last character matches the case...p  precode[azAZds] codepre
Negative 10594 pIm using bStruts 2b.p  pId like to return from an Action to the page which invoked it.p  pSay Im in page strongx.jspstrong, I invoke Visual action to change CSS preferences in the session I want to return to strongx.jspstrong rather than to a fixed page i.e. stronghome.jspstrongbrp  pHeres the relevant strongstruts.xmlstrong fragment brp  pre ltaction    nameVisual    classit..web.actions.VisualizationActiongt    ltresult namehomegtpageshome.jspltresultgt ltactiongt pre  pOf course my codeVisualizationAction.executecode returns stronghomestrong.p  pIs there any magic constant like, say, INPUTPAGE that I may return to do the trickbrp  pMust I use a more involved method i.e. extracting the request page and forwarding to itbrp  pT.I.A.p
Negative 10594 pThe pages in question contain a lot of javascript and CSS. How well are these supported by mobile platforms generallyp  pIs there a browser emulator or equivalent tool to assist testingp
Negative 10594 pIve a fairly huge .gdbinit hence not copied here in my home directory.p  pNow if I want to debug code inside Xcode I get this error p  precodeFailed to load debugging library at  DeveloperApplicationsXcode.appContentsPlugInsGDBMIDebugging.xcpluginContentsResourcesPBGDBIntrospectionSupport.A.dylib  Custom data formatters are disabled.  Error message was 0x1005c5 dlopenDeveloperApplicationsXcode.appContentsPlugInsGDBMIDebugging.xcpluginContentsResourcesPBGDBIntrospectionSupport.A.dylib, 16 image not found codepre  pActually  as posted below  the debugging still works in Xcode but the Data Formatters breaks. Moving out .gdbinit OR disabling Data Formatters does get gdb in Xcode back in a working state but its obviously a pain Including Data Formatters, in the first casep  pAny idea as to which settings in gdbinit could cause this error in Xcode p  pNote from Reply Its seems from a google search that this error might happen when linking against the wxWidgets library. Something that Im not doing here.p  pNote if needed I can provide a copy of my long .gdbinitp  pWIP I will have a look in details at my .gdbinit to see if I can narrow down the issuep
Negative 10594 pI know I can cycle through my tabs using cmd or cmd, but is it possible to select a specific tab i.e. cmd3 for the third tab in iTerm in Leopards Terminal.app p
Negative 10594 pWe have different steps in our planning for online webprojectsp  p1 Information Architecturep  ul liProvides user storiesli liProvides wireframesli ul  p2 Designp  ul liUse Wireframes to develop a nice designli ul  p3 Developmentp  p4 Testingp  pI know that working agile asks for dedicated teams. But it is impossible to have a dedicted IA until the end of the project. Because the projects are small developers are working in different teams. How do you plan resources when you know 50 small projects and 20 new projects are using different resourcesp  pAnd is there a useful tool that can assist in thisp
Negative 10594 pI have a main window 1 on my webpage from which I open a new browser window 2 from which I open a new window 3.p  pNow if my user closes window2 before window3, I have the problem that window3 no longer can call function in its window.opener since it has gone away.p  pWhat I would like to do is to set window3.opener to window1 when window2 closes.p  pIve tried to do this i window2 by the way I use jqueryp  precodevar children  [] window.unload function   .each children, function p, win   if  win   win.opener  window.opener          codepre  pWhen window3 is loaded I add the window to the array children in window2.p  pBut still when window2 is closed before window3, windows3s window.opener doesnt point to window1.p  pHow do I make sure that my grand child window window3, can still call the main window window1 after window2 is closedp
Negative 10594 pIm new to MOSS. How do you set upapply a filter using the MS BDC editor I have run across a few samples but they dont go into any detail.p
Negative 10594 pI am working on a J2ME project that spawns worker threads for numerous tasks such as downloading HTTP content. The basic thread layout is similar to most java appsthere is a main UI thread and worker threads spawned to do stuff behind the scenes. My question is what is the best way to handle exceptions that occur in the worker threads p  pI usually adhere to the design rationale that most exceptions should be percolate as far as possible. When I write single threaded apps, it is common for me to percolate the exceptions all the way up to the UI layer and then report them in an error dialog to the user. Is there a similar practice for multithreaded apps The most intuitive thing to me is to catch exceptions in the Thread.run and then call an invokeLater on the UI thread to report it in a dialog. The issue I see here is that outside of the worker thread dying off prematurely, this approach does not really notify the UI thread there was an error. I do not see a clear way to throw an exception across threads so to speak.p  pThanks, Andyp
Negative 10594 pI am using ActiveState Perl 5.6 on a Windows 2003 Server, and am having some memory leak issues.  Are there any good tools or even bad tools which would give a clue which I would be able to use to help find them.p
Negative 10594 pI need to create a custom control to display bmp images with alpha channel. The background can be painted in different colors and the images have shadows so I need to truly paint the alpha channel.p  pDoes anybody know how to do itp  pI also want if possible to create a mask using the alpha channel information to know whether the mouse has been click on the image or on the transparent area.p  pAny kind of help will be appreciatedp  pThanks.p  pEditedJDePedro As some of you have suggested Ive been trying to use alpha blend to paint the bitmap with alpha channel. This just a test Ive implemented where I load a 32bit bitmap from resources and I try to paint it using AlphaBlend functionp  precodevoid CAlphaDlgOnPaint      CClientDC dcthis     CDC  dcMem     dcMem.CreateCompatibleDCampdc      CBitmap bitmap     bitmap.LoadBitmapIDBBITMAP      BITMAP BitMap     bitmap.GetBitmapampBitMap     int nWidth  BitMap.bmWidth     int nHeight  BitMap.bmHeight     CBitmap pOldBitmap  dcMem.SelectObjectampbitmap      BLENDFUNCTION mbf     mbf.BlendOp  ACSRCOVER     mbf.BlendFlags  0     mbf.SourceConstantAlpha  255     mbf.AlphaFormat  ACSRCALPHA     AlphaBlenddc.GetSafeHdc, 100, 100, nWidth, nHeight, dcMem.GetSafeHdc, 0, 0,nWidth, nHeight,mbf       dcMem.SelectObjectpOldBitmap      CDialogOnPaint  codepre  pThis is just a test so I put the code in the OnPaint of the dialog I also tried the AlphaBlend function of the CDC object.p  pThe nontransparent areas are being painted correctly but I get white where the bitmap should be transparent.p  pAny helpp  pThis is a screenshot..its not easy to see but there is a white rectangle around the blue circle img srchttpimg385.imageshack.usimg3857965alphamh8.png altalt text p  pOk. I got it I have to premultiply every pixel for the alpha value. Someone can suggest the optimized way to do thatp
Negative 10594 pI currently have a listview and I want to add an appropriate icon to each entry.p  pI have created an icon within the Project resources and called it errorIcon.ico. How can I reference this iconresource and use it within a listviewp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to write a circuit schematic drawing tool in Python.  Im creating a simple database based on dictionaries which holds all the components and their properties.  Im also trying to create a simple query language where you can select, for example, all resistors with value100ohms or footprint0402  p  pSo far, I can select things using some primitive predicate search and then union and intersection for more complex things.  p  pHowever, Im having trouble defining what the semantics ought to be for a purely negative search.  For instance, something like   p  pfootprint  0402   p  pshould select all items with footprint not equal to 0402.  But doing this with only intersection gives me a blank result.  For this to work I need to select emallem components, then intersect with not 0402 to remove the ones I dont want.p  pBut this seems kind of brute force and seems like a fishy solution.  Im not interested in using a real database and query language, so please dont suggest that.  Im looking for the proper engineering rationale here, not necessarily a workaround to the problem.p  pThis problem was covered to some degree in SICP book, but I got very confused, since I think they were also using continuations and stuff, which I dont get yet.p  pCan someone please explain what the proper usage ought to be for negatively selecting stuff.  I tried this in a commercial cad tool and it worked as expected, but then Ive seen some SQL query examples I think, which selected things emfirstem, then removed the unwanted ones.p  pthanksbr  michaelp
Negative 10594 pIm planning a distributed system of applications that will communicate with different types of RDBMS. One of the requirements is consistent handling of DateTimes across all RDBMS types. All DateTime values must be at millisecond precision, include the TimeZone info and be stored in a single column.p  pSince different RDBMSs handle dates and times differently, Im worried I cant rely on their native column types in this case and so Ill have to come up with a different solution. If Im wrong here, youre welcome to show me the way.p  pThe solution, whatever it may be, should ideally allow for easy sorting and comparisons on the SQL level. Other aspects, such as readability and ability to use SQL datetime functions, are not important, since this will all be handled by a gateway service.p  pIm toying with an idea of storing my DateTime values in an unsigned largeint column type 8 bytes. I havent made sure if all RDBMSs in question MSSQL, Oracle, DB2, PostgreSQL, MySQL, maybe a few others actually have such a type, but at this point I just assume they do.p  pAs for the storage format... For example, 20090101T120000.9990100 could be stored similar to 20090101120000999, which falls in under 8 bytes.p  pThe minimum DateTime Id be able to store this way would be 00010101T000000.000xxxx, and the maximum would be 80001231T235959.999xxxx, which gives me more than enough of a span.p  pSince maximum unsigned largeint value is 18446744073709551615, this leaves me with the following 3 digits marked by A and BB to store the TimeZone info AxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxBB.p  pTaking into account the maximum year span of 0001..8000, A can be either 0 or 1, and BB can be anywhere from 00 to 99.p  pAnd now the questionsp  ul lipWhat do you think about my proposed solution Does it have merit or is it just plain stupidpli lipIf no better way exists, how do you propose the three remaining digits be used for TimeZone info bestpli ul  pThank you very much for your help in advancep
Negative 10594 pI do not see dumpbin.exe on my system. I have Visual Studio 2005 on my system. When I type dumpbin on the command line, it says unrecognizable command.p  pDoes it come with Visual Studio by default, or do I have to explicitly add this toolp
Negative 10594 pCan anyone tell me how to allow anonymous SharePoint MOSS users to view people search core results web parts When they try to access pages containing this web part, they are prompted to login.p  pAll the bestp
Negative 10594 pI often hear about Flex being combined with web frameworks on the backend. The idea being that Flex serves as the presentation framework while the web framework DjangoRails does the database lookups and sends the data to Flex to present in the form of XML.p  pHowever, is there ever a situation where Flex and PythonRuby would be combined without a web framework as an intermediary Under what circumstances might such a combination make sense if anyp  pIm trying to think of projects where the functionality of a scripting language would be complementary with the functionality of Flex  but also whether its possible for the two to be combined without too much high jinx.p
Negative 10594 pIve found lots of documentation on how to install com components with WiX or an exported msi from dcomcnfg but the problem with these approaches is I cant see where to specify the com server.p  pCurrently we register the components with clireg and the s switch which allows us to specify the com server like sop  precodeclireg32.exe BLEH.VBR s COMSERVER t BLEH.TLB d codepre  pThis is messy to say the least and Ive been trying to get this into some automated form of installation that doesnt involve calling a batch file full of clireg32 calls. p  pCurrently WiX is the backbone of our packaging automation so a solution with WiX would be awesome.p  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pI wrote a program that allow two classes to fight. For whatever reason C always wins. Whats wrong with VB.NET p  precode   static void Mainstring[] args              Player a  new A         Player b  new B          if a.Power gt b.Power             Console.WriteLineC won         else if a.Power lt b.Power             Console.WriteLineVB won         else             Console.WriteLineTie      codepre  pHere are the players  Player A in Cp  precodepublic class A  Player      private int desiredPower  100      public override int GetPower              get  return desiredPower        codepre  pPlayer B in VB.NETp  precodePublic Class B    Inherits Player     Dim desiredPower As Integer  100     Public Overrides ReadOnly Property GetPower As Integer        Get           Return desiredPower        End Get    End Property  End Class codepre  pAnd here is a base class.p  precodepublic abstract class Player      public int Power  get private set       public abstract int GetPower  get       protected Player              Power  GetPower       codepre
Negative 10594 pIf I have a json file that looks something like thisp  precodenamebob,hihello namehello,hibye codepre  pIs there an option to import this into couchdbp
Negative 10594 pI am newbie in windows driver development. I just want to know , a global variable in a driver will use paged pool memory or non paged pool memory  p  pThanks and Regardsp  pNavaneeth p
Negative 10594 pMy View is strongly typed to an ADO.NET Entity Framework class with a boolean property ShowMenu.p  precodelt Page ... MasterPageFileViewsSharedSite.Master InheritsSystem.Web.Mvc.ViewPageOf Thing gt ... codepre  pI want to do something like this on my Master Page...p  precodelt Master ... InheritsSystem.Web.Mvc.ViewMasterPage gt ... ltdiv idmenu runatserver visiblelt Me.Page.Model.ShowMenu gtgt     ltaspContentPlaceHolder IDMenuContent runatserver gt ltdivgt codepre  pBut, I get this errorp  blockquote   pModel is not a member of   System.Web.UI.Pagep blockquote  pHow can I access a Views Model from its Master Pagep  phr p  h2Updateh2  pOopsp  blockquote   pServer tags cannot contain lt ...    constructs.p blockquote  pHave to use If...Then instead.p
Negative 10594 pwith a moderate PostgreSQL installation we accumulated quite a few stored proceduresfunctions and types. p  pNow in the lowest level composite type i.e. 3 types are built with it and a myriad functions reference any of those types one element of the type is of strongwrong typestrong i.e. smallint instead of bigint, thus handling it is identical, only the range is different.p  ol liHow do I know all types depending on a type pgcatalog.pgtype seems insufficientli liHow can I know all functions depending on a type as arguments and locally scoped varsli liCan I refactore a composite type maybe change smallint to bigint without droppingrebuilding every single function depending on itli liIs there any kind of automationtoolbest practice for such a refactoringli ol  pI know its 4 questions in one, but atm this is kind of frustrating and any help would be appreciated Many Thanksp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to make a simple Vim script that would create very compact toplevel folds for c files. Ideally, if it was run on this codep  precodestatic void funca...     ...     Example comment  static void funcb...     ...   codepre  pThen it would create folds which would look like this when closed p  precode x Lines static void funca...  x Lines static void funcb... codepre  pSo basically it would be like foldmethodsyntax with foldlevel1, except that each fold would start one line further up, and would extend further down to include all following blank lines.p  pI know how to make one of these folds assuming foldmethodmanualp  precodeltcrgtkVnnltcrgtzf codepre  pBut Im not sure how to put it into a function. This is my effortp  precodefunction Cfold   set foldmethodmanual   Manual folds   ggzE                    Delete all folds   while ltcrgt         Somehow loop through each match      kVnnltcrgtzf        This would work fine except for the last function   endwhile endfunction map ltLeadergtf  call Cfoldltcrgt codepre  pBut it isnt valid, Im not entirely sure how functions work. Also, it wont work for the last function in the file, since it wont find  again. If someone could help me get this working, and somehow add a case for the last function in a file, I would be extremely grateful.  p  pThanks in advance p
Negative 10594 pWhat is the intended use of the optional codeelsecode clause of the codetrycode statementp
Negative 10594 pThis query returns me first below table. forexample 20090601 000000 people enter my system 41 times. i need second tablep  precode declare date1 smalldatetime, date2 smalldatetime , countgap int, page nvarchar100    select date120090101, date220091230 235959 ,countgap1, pageTm Sayfalar  declare date1 smalldatetime,date2 smalldatetime , COUNT INT              select date1date1, date2date2 , COUNT1              select date1 TARIH , COUNT SIRA              INTO TMP             WHILE date1 60 date2            BEGIN               SELECT  date1  DATEaddmonth,countgap,date1 , COUNT  COUNT 1              INSERT INTO TMP              select date1 TARIH , COUNT SIRA            END     select t1.TARIH, t1.SIRA, VISITINGCOUNT  isnullt2.TARIH, 0              from TMP t1              left join       select countpage as TARIH,                    datepartmonth,Date as SIRA                from scrStatisticaLog                 where Date between date1 and  date2  and           Pagepage or pageTm Sayfalar and            ProcessTypePageView            GROUP BY datepartmonth,Date              t2 on t2.SIRA  t1.SIRA               order by t1.SIRA             return      codepre  precode 20090101 000000 10 20090201 000000 20 20090301 000000 30 20090401 000000 41 20090501 000000 51 20090601 000000 641 20090701 000000 70 20090801 000000 80 20090901 000000 90 20091001 000000 100 20091101 000000 110 20091201 000000 121 20100101 000000 130 codepre  precode  2009January    121  codepre
Negative 10594 pHow do I exportget all the files belonging to a revisionp  pFor examplebr On revision 5434 if we have commited 5 files, how do I get all the 5 files on the specified revisionp  pSomething like codesvn exportcode with revision number, but I strongonlystrong want the files that I commited on that revision.p  pstrongEditstrongp  pDuplicate of a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions971188subversioncheckoutonlythosefilesaffectedduringaspecificcommitSubversion Check out only those files affected during a specific commita.p
Negative 10594 pIs it possible to get Visual Studio to do mathematical expression evaluationreductionp  pFor example if I type 0.005  0.345 how do I get Visual Studio to reduce that i.e. replace it with the reduction  Do I have to write a macro  If so, are there any preexisting macros to do this type of expression reductionp  pJust to be clear,  I want to be able to highlight an expression and have it replaced with the reduced result.  Many are suggesting the immediate window but I fail to see how that will sufficep  pstrongEditstrong I should point out that this is while editing not running or debugging.  The immediate window is of little to no use.  I also consider this a language neutral question.  I would certainly be interested in seeing alternative macros to the one I had posted.p  pstrongEditstrong Going Once... Going Twice... i.e. any other suggestions before I consider accepting my own answerp
Negative 10594 pi have an XML file with large number of tags. it has more than 2000  tag here and there. i want to delete all that htmlText Tag and save it as a new xml. how cani do that in PHP here is the code tht  iam  usingp  precoderemove  docgtgetElementsByTagNamehtmlText docgtremoveChildremove codepre
Negative 10594 pIm using C to continuously search for multiple string keywords within large strings, which are  4kb. This code is constantly looping, and sleeps arent cutting down CPU usage enough while maintaining a reasonable speed. The bogdown is the keyword matching method.p  pIve found a few possibilities, and all of them give similar efficiency.p  p1 a hrefhttptomasp.netarticlesahocorasick.aspxhttptomasp.netarticlesahocorasick.aspxa I do not have enough keywords for this to be the most efficient algorithm.p  p2 Regex. Using an instance level, compiled regex. Provides more functionality than I require, and not quite enough efficiency.p  p3 String.IndexOf. I would need to do a smart version of this for it provide enough efficiency. Looping through each keyword and calling IndexOf doesnt cut it.p  pDoes anyone know of any algorithms or methods that I can use to attain my goalp
Negative 10594 pDoes anyone know what might be causing this to happenp  pThe file is uploaded correctly, it has the right permissions, and the codeltscriptgtcode tag points to it correctly.p  pThe command I ran on the file wasp  precodegzip file.js codepre  pWhat could it bep
Negative 10594 pi have this sql  p  precodeSELECT  ,  xnum  xprice  AS amount, SUM xnum  xprice  AS total FROM xxbasket LEFT JOIN xxsubproduct USING  xsubproductid  LEFT JOIN xxcolor USING  xcolorid  WHERE xuserid  3 codepre  pwhen i use SUM xnum  xprice  AS total its gives me only one row , but when i remove this SUM xnum  xprice  its give me all rows p  pMy question is how can i get sum  while i need all rows from query  p
Negative 10594 pWin32 api has a set of InterlockedXXX functions to atomically and synchronously manipulate simple variables, however there doesnt seem to be any InterlockedRead function, to simply retrive the value of the variable. How comep  pMSDN says that Simple reads and writes to properlyaligned 32bit variables are atomic operations, but adds that However, access is not guaranteed to be synchronized, which means, as I understand it, that a simple read operation of a variable can take place while another, say, InterlockedAdd operation is in place. So why isnt there an interlocked function to read a variablep  pI guess the value can be read as the result InterlockedAdding zero, but that doesnt seem the right way to go.p
Negative 10594 pIf someone can please help I am having an issue with my site in IE7. Go to this linkp  pa hrefhttpelslights.comtestsalessalescatalog.php relnofollowTesting page linkap  pWhen you load the page then hover over one of the top nav links the Footer shoots up half the distance on the page and can only be reset by rolling over another tab on the right.p  pWhat the heck is going on Is this a DOCTYPE or CSS problem Heres what Ive already checkedp  ol liDoctypeli liCSS styles for image height and width to see if its releasing some kind of height I dont knowli liDuplicate css stylesli ol  pAny help would be awesome THANKS p
Negative 10594 pI have created a scalarvalued CLR UDF user defined function. It takes a timezone id and a datetime and returns the datetime converted to that timezone.p  pI can call it from a simple select without problems select dbo.udfConvertRomance Standard Time, datetime datetime is of course a valid datetime variablep  pBut if I call it passing in a datetime from a table it fails select dbo.udfConvertRomance Standard Time, StartTime from sometable column StartTime is of course a column of type datetimep  pThe error message is Cannot find either column dbo or the userdefined function or aggregate dbo.udfConvert, or the name is ambiguous.p  pThis message is really for beginners that has misspelled something, but as it works in one case and not in the other, I dont think I have done any misspellings.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 10594 pMy understanding is that many public key cryptographic algorithms these days depend on large prime numbers to make up the keys, and it is the difficulty in factoring the product of two primes that makes the encryption hard to break. It is also my understanding that one of the reasons that factoring such large numbers is so difficult, is that the sheer size of the numbers used means that no CPU can efficiently operate on the numbers, since our minuscule 32 and 64 bit CPUs are no match for 1024, 2048 or even 4096 bit numbers. Specialized Big Integer math libraries must be used in order to process those numbers, and those libraries are inherently slow since a CPU can only hold and process small chunks like 32 or 64 bits at one time.p  pSo...p  pWhy cant you build a highly specialized custom chip with 2048 bit registers, and giant arithmetic circuits, much in the same way that we scaled from 8 to 16 to 32 to 64bit CPUs, just build one a LOT larger This chip wouldnt need most of the circuitry on conventional CPUs, after all it wouldnt need to handle things like virtual memory, multithreading or IO. It wouldnt even need to be a generalpurpose processor supporting stored instructions. Just the bare minimum to perform the necessary arithmetical calculations on ginormous numbers.p  pI dont know a whole lot about IC design, but I do remember learning about how logic gates work, how to build a half adder, full adder, then link together a bunch of adders to do multibit arithmetic. Just scale up. A lot.p  pNow, Im fairly certain that there is a very good reason or 17 that the above wont work since otherwise one of the many people smarter than I am would have already done it but I am interested in knowing emwhyem it wont work.p  pNote This question may need some reworking, as Im not even sure yet if the question makes sensep
Negative 10594 pIve got a simple ASP.NET webservice. Im wanting to return a string of json as the result. By default, my webservice is wrapping my json result in some xml.p  peg.p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltstring xmlnshttpwebservice.streetadvisor.comgt.... json result in here ... ltstringgt codepre  pBooo.p  ul liIs there any way i can make my webservice NOT return some xml, but just write my result as raw outputli liCan I define the HTTPStatusCode in the webservice eg. code200, 201, 202, 404, 500code, etcli liCan i define the response type eg. codeapplicationjsoncodeli ul  pCheersp
Negative 10594 pIs there a good librarygem for accessing Amazon SQS from ruby1.9 The Amazon ruby example and rightaws do not work asis with ruby1.9.p  pId strongly prefer something thats known to work under reasonably heavy load a few hundred thousand queue items or more per day.p
Negative 10594 pI have resorted to using the Win32 API calls VirtualAllocVirtualFree to allocate and release memory blocks greater than 2GB in size.p  pI should be able to use the AllocHGlobal function from the System.Runtime.InteropServices.Marshal class to do the same.p  pHowever, the following code gives an arithmetic overflow exception note the explicit cast to long which should instance a 64 bit pointer.p  precode Dim p As IntPtr  System.Runtime.InteropServices.Marshal.AllocHGlobalNew IntPtrCLng3221225472 System.Runtime.InteropServices.Marshal.FreeHGlobalp codepre  pSo my question is, Can I use AllocHGlobal to allocate more than 2GB of memory  If so, howp
Negative 10594 pI am new to C and WPF, so please bear with me..p  pThis isnt exactly a MasterDetail scenario, and could be why I am having problems, but generally, I am trying to figure out how to relate two sets of data that are not quite masterdetail.p  pTo keep it simple, lets say I have two viewviewmodels for p  precode1 Person ID, FirstName, LastName  2 Contact ID, PhoneNumber codepre  pNow, I know normally you think of a Person having several contacts, and it would be something like thisp  precode    Contact    ID, PersonID, PhoneNumber codepre  pbut for this example, lets continue the way I am going...p  pI have another table, a join table, that hasp  precodePersonID ContactID codepre  pNow, if both Bob and Mary have the same phone number, there are 2 entries in the join tablep  precode1 1 2 1 codepre  passuming Bob is 1, Mary is 2, and 5555555555 is ID 1 for the Contactp  pSo, I build the view and viewmodel for the Person, no problem I build the view and viewmodel for the Contact, again no problemp  pNow, how, if I build a view that uses Person as the master and Contact as the detail, to limit the display of only those contacts for the selected person And likewise, if I have another view of Contact s and I want to see a list of people associated with that one selected number, how to do this as well.p  pIt is probably something easy, but I cannot seem to figure it out. p  pOr, do I need to actually create an ObservableCollection in the Person viewmodel and also ObservableCollection in the Contact viewmodelp  pAny help would be appreciated. p
Negative 10594 pI am building and sort of RSS reader in java as my first objectoriented program and would love some OO design tips.p  pI have a Reader class with a list of Feed objects for RSS feeds, and each Feed downloads news items into Article objects in an Articles list. p  pWhat I want to do is find a way to relate articles from multiple sources. To do this, each Article has a HashSet of its keywords, and I would like to compare all articles keywords against each other and keep a count of their matched keywords. If the count between two articles is quite high, I would like to group them in the output.p  pWhat is an efficient way to do a manytomany  comparison of the articles and track relative scores  p
Negative 10594 pOkay,p  pThere seems to be a lot of discussion on here about how terribly awful Thread.Abort is, and how to work around using Thread.Abort in your code by adding exit checks in your loop.p  pThis assumes that you control how the work is being partitioned in a way thats granular enough to loop over it.p  pBut how do I do the followingp  ol lipLaunch worker thread to do something while keeping the UI responsive.  For all intents and purposes the code for the worker thread looks like thisp  precodepublic override void Run      try              dataTable  ExecuteSingleGinormousSqlQuery      finally               close the connection if it was left open.       codepreli lipHave Cancel button so that the user can interrupt this if they get bored of waiting.pli ol  pIt doesnt seem like theres any other way around this than with Thread.Abort.  Is that true  Furthermore, in empirical tests, it doesnt even seem like Thread.Abort actually kills the thread until the call that is making the query, e.g. p  precode    new SqlDataAdaptercmd.Fill ds  codepre  pcomes back in the first place, thus significantly negating its utility.p  pIs there a way around this  Best practicesp
Negative 10594 pHow do I use an codeNSTimercode Can anyone give me step by step instructionsp
Negative 10594 pIs there a jQuery plugin out there that can serialize a form, and then later restorepopulate the form given the serialized value  I know the form plugin can serialize as a querystring, but I havent found anything that will restore the form from the querystring.p  pWhat Id like to do is serialize the form values, store as a cookie whenever the form changes, and then restore the form from the cookie if it exists when the page first loads.p  pI have found pieces of this puzzle out there form plugin, cookie plugin, various autosave plugins that dont restore, but before I cobble something together from various parts, I wanted to make sure there wasnt a nice canned solution waiting for me out there.p  pThanksp  pJimp
Negative 10594 pIs it possible to permanently and automagically have a library added for all my future projects  in Visual Studio 2008p
Negative 10594 pI need to create a sound containing tones of many different frequencies. Is there any way to do this in Cp  pThe only tone generating methods Ive seen so far involve console.beep, which works, but only for pure tones single frequencies.p
Negative 10594 pIm using Javas ProcessBuilder class to run an external process. The process should not terminate before the Java program does it must stay alive in commandresponse mode.p  pI know that the process streams may easily jam if neglected, so Ive done the following The program reads the processs combined output and error streams in a reader thread, and uses a writer thread to manage the commands. The reader thread does blocking character reads from process output, buffers them up into Strings and dispatches the results. The writer thread writes complete command lines via a PrintWriter it uses a queue to ensure that no two command writes are too close together currently 100ms, and that no new command gets written before the output of the previous command is complete. I also call flush and checkError after every println. p  pThis scheme works fine for a few seconds or minutes, then the reader thread hangs on the blocking read. No errors, no exceptions thrown, no more process output. Thereafter nothing will revive the external process short of restarting it. BTW this happens on both Linux and Windows.p  pIve looked at the code and testcases in Jakarta Commons Exec and in Plexus Utils a hrefhttpplexus.codehaus.orgplexusutils relnofollowhttpplexus.codehaus.orgplexusutilsa but a neither gives an example of using a longlived Process and b neither appears to be doing anything basically different from what Ive described.p  pDoes anyone have a clue whats happening here please  Thanksp
Negative 10594 pHas anyone seen any real world numbers for different programs which are using the feedback optimization that CC compilres offer to support the branch prediction, cache preloading functions etc.  p  pI searched for it and amazingly not even the popular interpreter development groups seem to have checked the effect. And increasing ruby,python,php etc. performance by 10 or so should be considered usefull.p  pIs there really no benefit or is the whole developer community just to lazy to use itp
Negative 10594 pI have the following named SQL query definedp  precodeltsqlquery nameItemSearchgt     ltreturn classItemSearchResultgt         ltreturnproperty nameItem columnItemId gt         ltreturnproperty nameDistance columnDistance gt     ltreturngt     SELECT         Items.,         dbo.DistanceBetweenLatitude, Longitude, lat, long AS Distance     FROM Items     WHERE ContainsName, keywords     ORDER BY Distance ASC ltsqlquerygt codepre  pWhenever I try to run my application, I get the generic error Errors in named queries ItemSearch.  Is there something obviously wrong herep  pThe ItemSearchResult class is a very simple wrapper class that looks like thisp  precodepublic class ItemSearchResult      public Item Item get set     public double Distance get set  codepre
Negative 10594 pI talked to my instructor the other day and asked him this question. He told me that I could go for smaller projects, but Im starting a chess program and I was wondering what Stack Overflow thinks about this issue. Should I include all headers into one file, or separate themp
Negative 10594 pi want to check for a particular set of values.br egp  ul licheck columnname should be between 1 to 5li licheck columnname should be either 1 or 2 or 4li ul
Negative 10594 pSo, Ive seen how useful namespaces can be to organize declarations into their respective groups, but now comes an issue with this.p  pThe difference between making a library in C and a library in C is in C you must prefix your declarations with what they belong to, for example a library well dub MyMath might have a vector class, well the name might be MMVector.p  pIn C, you would have a namespace MyMath with a Vector class declared as a part of it.p  pNow the difference here is in C, just by going to the class declaration you immediately know how to use it. In C, you would have to check which namespace a particular class belongs to really only a problem in files where the declaration isnt near the namespace declaration, which can be common if there are constants and enumerations declared between the two. While I prefer using a namespace for organization, in my opinion this is still a valid argument as an annoyance.p  pWhat have people done to reduce this annoyancep
Negative 10594 pHere are some task detailsp  ol liThe key functionality of service is Java socketserver based on Red5. I know it might be overkill, but it makes me confident in future on unixplatform FreeBSD or Linux Debian, but I suppose, that the last one.li liService deals with quite a lot of simple data.li liService must have very strong and wise API. We are also planning to implement something like FQL, FBML, etc.  API should be powerful enough to make variety of different subservices, which should be available even outside of service. Also this API should have different levels of access  for example, some applications are certified only to do some very basic things, while others can even make INSERTqueries in their table this is just an example.li liIt is possible, that we will need some loadbalancing.li ol  pQuestionsp  ol liHow many developers and what skills are especially important for them are needed for this task to perform appoximatelyli liHow long minimally will it take to develop this kind of application with the given up commandli liAre there any pieces of advice on how to manage and organize this kind command, if financial motivation is not very bigli ol  pAnd one of the most important questionp  ol liWhat utilities and practices may you advice for that kind of project What is the best infrastructure for it How all this is usually doneli ol
Negative 10594 pIn WPF, I want to get the corner location of a codeTabControlcode in my code, so I can set a ToolWindows location accordingly when shown.p  pHow do I get the location of a given codeUIElementcodep  precodebuildingInfoWindow  new BuildingInfoWindow  BuildingWindow  System.Windows.Window buildingInfoWindow.Owner  this  buildingInfoWindow.Left    relative X coordinate of my TabControl buildingInfoWindow.Top    relative Y coordinate of my TabControl codepre
Negative 10594 pI would prefer to use what I already have and just add an image on if possible. Here is my code so farp  precodeto  Email subject  authgtfirstname authgtlastname left you a comment message   authgtfirstname authgtlastname left you a comment ltbr gtltbr gt lta hrefhttpwww.blah.orgProfile.phpid . profgtid . gtClick here to viewltagt from  blahltnoreplyblah.orggt headers   MIMEVersion 1.0 . rn headers . Contenttype texthtml charsetiso88591 . rn headers . From from mailto, subject, message, headers codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a few reports that are exported to Excel. The problem is whereever there are special characters, it is being replaced by some funny symbolsp  pFor example, hyphen was replaced by ...p  pAny help to solve the problemp
Negative 10594 pThe clientside application is a Flex application and communicate with serverside java application using blazeds.As you know,most browsers dont cache SWFs loaded over https,but i want load the swfs through http so that the client brower can cache them and communicate with the serverside over https  How can i achieve that  Help me please p
Negative 10594 pIf I have a interface IUser and a class that implements IUserp  precodepublic class User  IUSer codepre  pand both files are in different folders, cant ReSharper figure this out and link the two if I need to push down a method to the interface and vice versap
Negative 10594 pI am about to start writing my first big CodeIgniter application, but before I get started I was wondering what the role of libraries should be. Im a newbie to MVC, but from what I gather the model should be where the data structures are stored business logic. So is the library a place to write application logic, in addition to controllers Is it a good idea to combine models in libraries p  pFor example, I am going to write a member management system that will have profiles and messaging. What should the MVC  L library setup look like 2 models profile, message and a library that combines them A library for each object No libraries, just models and controllersp
Negative 10594 pWell I want to use WEb2Py because its pretty nice..  I just need to change the working directory to the directory where all my moduleslibrariesapps are so i can use them. I want to be able to import my real program when I use the web2py interfaceapplications. I need to do this instead of putting all my apps and stuff inside the Web2Py folder... Im trying to give my program a web frontend without putting the program in the Web2Py folder.. Sorry if this is hard to understand . p
Negative 10594 pI recently spent a long while debugging something that turned out to be an infinite loop bug in my own code. Since I cant guarantee Ill never make that sort of mistake again, how can I configure my web server to terminate any apache2 subprocess that remains waiting for my python app to return a response for over N secondsp  pIn this case, I didnt even notice the bug until the site started feeling slow, at which point one apache2 process had been running inside an infinite loop for hours. If there were a timeout even a long one, like 10min that could have caught this and emailed me, Id have known about the problem sooner, and it wouldnt have impacted site performance for as many users.p  pGoogling, Ive found some suggestions of similar things in a modwsgi configuration, but if theres a way to do this under my current setup Id prefer that. Thanksp
Negative 10594 pi need to create a QuickReport in Delphi 5 that is laid out asp  precode  Report Header     Detail Band autostretching, repeats .         Child band fixedsize            Child band Autostretching    .                Child band fixedsize        Report Footer autostretching .      Report Footer autostretching .      Report Footer fixed size  codepre  pCan anyone come up with with a combination of header, detail, child, footer, subdetail, group header, group footer bands  and the associated Parent, Master, Report, Query links between them, so that i can make a report like i need it to lookp  pDont confuse my use of the termsp  ul liheader bandli lidetail bandli lichild bandli lifooter bandli ul  pto imply that any of the bands have to be of those actual types. i use those terms in the conceptual sensep  ul lia single band at the start of the entire report report headerli lia repeating group of four bandsli lithree bands that appear after all the detail, the first two being autostretchyli ul  h2Same question, only longerh2  precode  Suspicious Transaction Report    STR No. 12345       Date 11281973     Comments as per NSL 1132010     Transaction 1 of 7       Buy                  Sell      100.00            16,000.00                         27,000.00                         12,000.00 .                            ...    Customer Information            Name Shelby Lake         Address 11111 S NCHWY 111             DOB 6191981          ID No. G123456789      Occupation waitress    Original Transaction        Buy                 Sell       100.00           16,000.00     3,000.00           27,000.39    64,132.69           12,000.13 .       ...                  ...    Third Party Information            Name Yugo Chavez         Address 11111 S AB             DOB 9151934          ID No. 9951935      Occupation dictator   ...    Transaction 7 of 7 . .     Description of Suspicious Activity    Customer had beedy eyes, that moved    rapidly from left to right. He... .   ...     Action Taken    We killed him, went through his    pickets, then started digging the... .               Signature                      Bruce Wayne         Title The Batman   Employee ID 13376669  codepre  pi can make up some tables that mimic the example i made upp  precodeCREATE TABLE STRs     StrID int,    Number text,    Date datetime,    Comments text,    DescriptionOfSuspiciousActivity text,    ActionTaken text,    EmployeeName text,    EmployeeTitle text,    EmployeeNumber text        CREATE TABLE STRTransactions     STRTranasctionID int,    STRID int,    BuyAmount money  CREATE TABLE STRTransactionSells     STRTransactionID int,    SellAmount money  CREATE TABLE STRTransactionPatronInfo     STRTransactionID int,    Name text,    Address text,    DOB text,    IDNumber text,    Occupation text   CREATE TABLE STRTransactionThirdPartyInfo     STRTransactionID int,    Name text,    Address text,    DOB text,    IDNumber text,    Occupation text   CREATE TABLE OriginalTransactions     STRTransactionID int,    BuyAmount money,    SellAmount money  codepre  hr  h2My failed experimenth2  pive tried to create a QuackReport with the following band layoutp  precode  PageHeader TQRBand, BandTyperbPageHeader              DetailBand TQRBand, BandTyperbDetail                    ChildBand1 TQRChildBnad, ParentDetailBand               autostretch                                             ChildBand2 TQRChildBand, ParentChildBand1              ChildBand3 TQRChildBand, Parentnone                    autostretch                                         ChildBand4 TQRChildBand, ParentChildBand3                autostretch                                       SummaryBand TQRBand, BandTyperbSummary             codepre  pstrongNotestrong The indenting is used to help identify parentchild relationships i.e. the band isnt actually indended 50 pixelsp  pThe problem with this design is that, at design time at leat, the strongSummarystrong band appear before the two stranded child bandsp  precode  PageHeader TQRBand, BandTyperbPageHeader              DetailBand TQRBand, BandTyperbDetail                    ChildBand1 TQRChildBnad, ParentDetailBand               autostretch                                             ChildBand2 TQRChildBand, ParentChildBand1              SummaryBand TQRBand, BandTyperbSummary                ChildBand3 TQRChildBand, Parentnone                    autostretch                                         ChildBand4 TQRChildBand, ParentChildBand3                autostretch                                    codepre  pAnd when the report is run at runtime, the two stranded child bands dont even printp  precode  PageHeader TQRBand, BandTyperbPageHeader              DetailBand TQRBand, BandTyperbDetail                    ChildBand1 TQRChildBnad, ParentDetailBand               autostretch                                             ChildBand2 TQRChildBand, ParentChildBand1              SummaryBand TQRBand, BandTyperbSummary             codepre  pCaptcha quackreportsp
Negative 10594 pI have a logic questionp  pIf I have fA,B,C,D  M4,7,8,11.D1,2,13,14p  pwhat would be the sum of products for that using kmap please note that this is bigm and you have to find the answer in the sum of productsp  pI drew the kmap, the problem is, I cant find a way to cover the zeros without having to state 4 terms each with 4 boolean terms A,B,C,and D without using the D terms, is that rightp  pNote this is a homework question, i dont want the answer as much as i want to be able to solve this myself.p  precode    00  1  0  1  0      01  x  1  x  1      11  1  0  1  0      10  x  1  x  1           00  01  11  10 codepre  pI edited the map because it was made for little m and this is big mp
Negative 10594 pIn C I would gop  precodestring UserName string Password codepre  pBut now, in Pythonp  precodeclass User     UserName     Password codepre  pI recieve an error that UserName isnt defined. I cant declare a variable without a variablep
Negative 10594 pI have a solution in Visual Studio 2008 professional. There are three projects, a Windows Form project and two MSTEST projects. The Windows Form project is set as the startup.p  pWhen I click F5 to run the Windows Form project in debug mode, I would like to get all the tests to run from both MSTEST projects.p  pI tried starting all three projects on startup, but got an error message when clicking F5 that only one test result can run at a time. The Windows Form project ran and so did the first MSTEST project.p  pIs what I want to do possible and if so, howp
Negative 10594 pId like to be able to query an array multi and single dimensional  with something like SQL.  Is there a way to do this  p  pIt just seems extraordinarily wasteful to step through it one record at a time. p
Negative 10594 pI want to extend Class Role such that I can add more roles to the roles table in Spree. My application would have different prices based on roles.p  pBy default roles have admin and user in it. I want to add more types to the table.p  pQ1 Can I just extend the Role class in one of my extensions Q2 How can I implement actually extend on appmodelsVariant.rb the prices based on different roles such that it just grabs price from one place So that I dont have to change code in html.erb files where its using price.p  pIf I can get this to work this would be a cool extension to have on github.p  pThanks p
Negative 10594 pI have I have cheap Apache PHP hosting. I have mp4 and or Ogg video file. I want to dynamically stream this video to users. And let that users see it through html 5 video player.p  pHow do you do true streaming beeng able to scroll to any part of wideo with out previous download of full video with the video tag i.e. not progressive download and Apache PHPp
Negative 10594 pHow can I use a codestdvalarraycode to storemanipulate a 2D arrayp  pId like to see an example of a 2D array with elements accessed by rowcolumn indices. Something like this pseudo codep  precodematrixi,j  42 codepre  pAn example of how to initialize such an array would also be nice.p  pIm already aware of Boost.MultiArray, Boost.uBlas, and Blitz.p  pFeel free to answer why I shouldnt use valarray for my use case. However, I want the memory for the multidimensional array to be a contiguous columns x rows block. No Javastyle nested arrays.p
Negative 10594 pI am using a hrefhttpvaadin.comwebhenewikiwikiMainGWT20Graphics20Manualjsessionid591AF166DFFD20E90A118E772363AAAEsectionGWTGraphicsManualSettingUpTheLibraryInYourProject relnofollowGWTGraphicsa to create shapes like rectangle, circles etc... Now i am trying to add text to these shapes. Here is how the code looks likep  precodeDrawingArea d1  new DrawingArea100, 100 Ellipse e  new Ellipse29, 20, 30, 20 Text t  new Text10, 20, A d1.adde d1.addt boundaryPanel.addd1, 200, 40  codepre  pBut when i run the program i am getting the following Errorp  precode[ERROR] Uncaught exception escaped java.lang.AssertionError The style name vtextalign should be in camelCase format     at com.google.gwt.dom.client.Style.assertCamelCaseStyle.java63     at com.google.gwt.dom.client.Style.setPropertyStyle.java42     at com.vaadin.contrib.gwtgraphics.client.impl.VMLImpl.createElementVMLImpl.java101     at com.vaadin.contrib.gwtgraphics.client.VectorObject.ltinitgtVectorObject.java37     at com.vaadin.contrib.gwtgraphics.client.Shape.ltinitgtShape.java27     at com.vaadin.contrib.gwtgraphics.client.shape.Text.ltinitgtText.java25     at com.e.r.d.client.ERD12.onClickERD1.java74     at com.google.gwt.event.dom.client.ClickEvent.dispatchClickEvent.java54     at com.google.gwt.event.dom.client.ClickEvent.dispatchClickEvent.java1     at com.google.gwt.event.shared.HandlerManagerHandlerRegistry.fireEventHandlerManager.java65     at com.google.gwt.event.shared.HandlerManagerHandlerRegistry.access1HandlerManager.java53     at com.google.gwt.event.shared.HandlerManager.fireEventHandlerManager.java178     at com.google.gwt.user.client.ui.Widget.fireEventWidget.java52     at com.google.gwt.event.dom.client.DomEvent.fireNativeEventDomEvent.java116     at com.google.gwt.user.client.ui.Widget.onBrowserEventWidget.java90     at com.google.gwt.user.client.DOM.dispatchEventImplDOM.java1320     at com.google.gwt.user.client.DOM.dispatchEventAndCatchDOM.java1299     at com.google.gwt.user.client.DOM.dispatchEventDOM.java1262     at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor10.invokeUnknown Source     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java25     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java597     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.MethodAdaptor.invokeMethodAdaptor.java103     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.ie.IDispatchImpl.callMethodIDispatchImpl.java126     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.ie.IDispatchProxy.invokeIDispatchProxy.java155     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.ie.IDispatchImpl.InvokeIDispatchImpl.java294     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.ie.IDispatchImpl.method6IDispatchImpl.java194     at org.eclipse.swt.internal.ole.win32.COMObject.callback6COMObject.java117     at org.eclipse.swt.internal.win32.OS.DispatchMessageWNative Method     at org.eclipse.swt.internal.win32.OS.DispatchMessageOS.java1925     at org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Display.readAndDispatchDisplay.java2966     at com.google.gwt.dev.SwtHostedModeBase.processEventsSwtHostedModeBase.java264     at com.google.gwt.dev.HostedModeBase.pumpEventLoopHostedModeBase.java557     at com.google.gwt.dev.HostedModeBase.runHostedModeBase.java405     at com.google.gwt.dev.HostedMode.mainHostedMode.java232 codepre  pAny input on this will be of great help.p  pThank you.p
Negative 10594 pI have a Spring Security form based authentication web app running CXF JAXRS webservices and I am trying to connect to this webservice from an Android app that can be authenticated on a per user basis. Currently, when I add an Secured annotation to my webservice method all requests to this method are denied.  I have tried to pass in credentials of a valid userpassword that currently exists in the Spring Security based web app and can log in to the web app successfully from the android call but the request still fails to enter this method when the Secured annotation is present. The SecurityContext parameter returns null when calling getUserPrincipal.p  pHow can I make a request from an android app that can enter a Spring Security secured webservice methodp  pHere is the code I am working with at the momentp  pAndroid callp  precodehttpclient.getCredentialsProvider.setCredentials           new AuthScope192.168.1.101, 80,            new AuthScopenull, 1,          new UsernamePasswordCredentialsjoeuser, mypassword    String userAgent  Android  getVersion           HttpGet httpget  new HttpGetMYURI   httpget.setHeaderUserAgent, userAgent   httpget.setHeaderContentType, applicationxml    HttpResponse response    try        response  httpclient.executehttpget       HttpEntity entity  response.getEntity        ... parse xml codepre  pWebservice Methodp  precodeGET Pathpayload ProducesapplicationXML SecuredROLEUSER,ROLEADMIN,ROLEGUEST public Response makePayloadContext Request request, Context SecurityContext securityContext           Payload payload  new Payload          payload.setUsersOnlinenew Long200              if payload  null                  return Response.noContent.build                          else                  return Response.ok.entitypayload.build                 codepre
Negative 10594 phey how to create unsigned arrays with keys in actionscript 3p  pin php its simplep  precode arraykey gt val codepre  pin ac3 you can create unsigned arrays like thatp  precode [val]  [key val]  breaks codepre
Negative 10594 pSome backgroundbr we have a windows application c that locate in the system try.br that simple application is a basically shortcuts manger for other application and messaging between the workers.p  pone of the application is an Access 2007 application connected to sqlserver  the client works with ACCESS Runtime 2007 latest versionp  pTHE problem is that we can not launch the Access application correctly from the C application.br THE problem is only on windows 7 we dont have vista  [on XP OS everything works fine  p  pcorrectly   meaning that the Access application running but the Ribbon Bar is missing some Icons strange. also some functionality like open the Outlook is not working. p  pSome more Infobr  IF we put shortcut on the client desktop to the Access application everything ok.br  The C application have no problem to launch other EXE file.  br The C application include Manifest file run as admin on Win 7.p  hr  pThe Original code is very simple Works only in  XPbrp  precodeSystem.Diagnostics.Process.StartAppPath codepre  pThe Open EXE code that works Works on XP and Win7[not working with Access Application]brp  precodeProcess Proc new Process Proc.StartInfo.UseShellExecute  false Proc.StartInfo.FileName  Application.StartupPath  PasswordManager.exe Proc.Start codepre  pWe try many codes with no success like [NOT WORKING]brp  precodeSystem.Diagnostics.Process proc  new System.Diagnostics.Process proc.EnableRaisingEvents  false proc.StartInfo.FileName  sAccPath msaccess Path proc.StartInfo.Arguments    AppPath   proc.Start codepre  pWe also try to add [NOT WORKING]brp  precodeSystem.OperatingSystem osInfo  System.Environment.OSVersion if osInfo.Version.Major gt 5          proc.StartInfo.Verb  runas codepre  pbrbrp  pHelpppppppppppbr Thanksp
Negative 10594 pContext br Calling wcf, some random stored procedures and sql stuff theoretically imports some data.p  pRequirements br Reindex lucene indexes for some of imported entities.p  pQuestion br Whats the easiest way to do that  p  pTheoretically, if nhibernate is initialized, nhibernate.search should be aware which entities are supposed to be indexed. Therefore  i was wondering, are there any ready to use toolswhatnot to fulfill my requirementp  hr  pIs a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2111117nhibernatesearchindexrebuildthisa the only wayp
Negative 10594 pThis afternoon I spent several hours trying to find a bug in my custom extension to codeurllib2.Requestcode. The problem was, as I found out, the usage of codesuperExtendedRequest, selfcode, since codeurllib2.Requestcode is Im on Python 2.5 still an old style class, where the use of codesupercode is not possible.p  pThe most obvious way to create a new class with both features,p  precodeclass ExtendedRequestobject, urllib2.Request     def init         superExtendedRequest, self.init... codepre  pdoesnt work. Calling it, Im left with codeAttributeError typecode raised by codeurllib2.Request.getattrcode. Now, before I start and copyn paste the whole codeurllib2.Requestcode class from usrlibpython just to rewrite it asp  precodeclass Requestobject codepre  phas anyone an idea, how I could achieve this in a more elegant way With emthisem being to have a emnewstyleem class based on codeurllib2.Requestcode with working support for codesupercode.p  pstrongEditstrong By the way the AttributeError mentionedp  precodegtgtgt class ExtendedRequestobject, urllib2.Request ...   def initself ...     superExtendedRequest, self.inithttpstackoverflow.com ... gtgtgt ABC  ExtendedRequest  gtgtgt d  urllib2.urlopenABC Traceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File usrlibpython2.5urllib2.py, line 124, in urlopen     return opener.openurl, data   File usrlibpython2.5urllib2.py, line 373, in open     protocol  req.gettype   File usrlibpython2.5urllib2.py, line 241, in gettype     if self.type is None   File usrlibpython2.5urllib2.py, line 218, in getattr     raise AttributeError, attr AttributeError type codepre
Negative 10594 pI have some generic code which I cannot figure out how to legitimately prevent getting warnings from I am using SuppressWarningsunchecked for the moment, since it seems that casting a generic type cant be done without warnings.p  pHow can I get rid of the annotationp  pWhat I have isp  precodepublic MyObjectSharedContextltObjectgt ctx      superctx  set protected field context     ...     context.setInput Fields  ,Collections.synchronizedMapnew TreeMapltString,PairltString,BooleangtgtString.CASEINSENSITIVEORDER     context.setOutput Fields ,Collections.synchronizedMapnew TreeMapltString,Stringgt              String.CASEINSENSITIVEORDER     context.setEvent Registry,new EventRegistrylog                                                                                     SuppressWarningsunchecked protected void startup      inputFields     MapltString,PairltString,Booleangtgtcontext.getInput Fields  ,null     outputFields    MapltString,Stringgt              context.getOutput Fields ,null     eventRegistry   EventRegistry                   context.getEvent Registry,null     ...      codepre  pThe protected variable context is type codeSharedContextltObjectgtcode.p  pWithout the annotation the compiler gives warningsp  precode...MyClass.java94 warning [unchecked] unchecked cast found    java.lang.Object required java.util.Mapltjava.lang.String,com.mycompany.Pairltjava.lang.String,java.lang.Booleangtgt     inputFields     MapltString,PairltString,Booleangtgtcontext.getInput Fields  ,null                                                                    ...MyClass.java95 warning [unchecked] unchecked cast found    java.lang.Object required java.util.Mapltjava.lang.String,java.lang.Stringgt     outputFields    MapltString,Stringgt              context.getOutput Fields ,null codepre
Negative 10594 pI have two scripts  javascript and php.. p  pthis cleans the urlp  precode    ltscript typetextjavascriptgt document.readyfunction      .searchform.submitfunction          window.location.href  file .searchform inputtext.val  .html      return false       ltscriptgt codepre  pthis is the bad word filterp  precodeltphp     if issetGET[search]          searchGET[search]      ifisarraybadwords ampamp sizeofbadwords gt0          foreachbadwords as theword     search  eregreplacetheword,haha,search          searchpregreplaces, ,search      keyword  strreplace , , search           else          keyword  strreplace , a, keyword          gt  codepre  phow can i combine this two scripts and replace the bad word in the url with hahap
Negative 10594 pIm styling a form by using a table with fixedwidth columns and I want the input elements inside the codelttdgtcode to fill the container. I know the CSS box model and I know the elements would bleed through with codewidth 100code, but the problem is with its consistency.p  pcodeltinputgtcode elements bleed through as expected but codeltselectgtcode elements dont. This results in making my fields not line up properly. Ive tried all properties like overflow, display, whitespace... it doesnt make any difference. Whats with the codeltselectgtcode element I can see in Firebug that they have the same box model properties with the input element, but they dont render the same.p  pIm using HTML 5 doctype and this happens both in Firefox and Chrome.p  pRight now, Im fixing this using a JS function which selects all elements with class stretch and computes and sets the static width to make it fit inside the container. This perfectly lines up the elements of the form. I had to exclude codeltselectgtcode elements because their widths were already okay... weird quirk.p  pIs there a pure CSS solution to this I wouldnt want to run this function everytime a part of the page is updated, like on AJAX calls...p
Negative 10594 pI want to add table2 into the scrollpanel called feedback which already has table1 in there. But only one table shows up. If I use feedback.addtable2, only the 1st table shows I guess the 2nd table is behind the first one, but I dont know how to make the second one below the first one. if I use feedback.getViewport.addtable2, null, only the 2nd table shows. Do I need to use some layout manager here i tried to search online about scrollpanel layout but didnt get any solutions. Could anyone tell me whats the problem or give me some related example links Thanks a lot. The relative code arep  precode        content  getContentPane         content.setLayoutnew FlowLayout         scrollPane  new JScrollPanetree         feedback  new JScrollPanetable1         JSplitPane splitPane  new JSplitPaneJSplitPane.VERTICALSPLIT,scrollPane, feedback         content.addsplitPane             .             .             .             .         feedback.addtable2         i add this, but still doesnt work          content.addtable2 codepre
Negative 10594 pHow can I rotate an Bitmap a given number of degrees while maintaining the area of the original bitmap. ie, what I rotate a bitmap of Width100,Height200, my end result will be a bigger image but the rotated portion will still have an area of 100200 p
Negative 10594 pOn my journey to learning F, Ive run into a problem I cant solve. I have defined a custom typep  precodetype BinTree      Node of int  BinTree  BinTree    Empty codepre  pI have made a function which takes a tree, traverses it, and adds the elements it visits to a list, and returns itp  precodelet rec inOrder tree    seq  match tree with    Node data, left, right gt    yield inOrder left    yield  data    yield inOrder right    Empty gt     gt Seq.tolist codepre  pNow I want to create a function, similar to this, which takes a tree and a function, traverses it and applies a function to each node, then returns the treep  precodemapInOrder  a gt b gt a BinTree gt b BinTree codepre  pThis seems easy, and it probably is But Im not sure how to return the tree. Ive tried thisp  precodelet rec mapInOrder f tree    match tree with   Nodedata, left, right gt   mapInOrder f left   Nodefdata, left, right   mapInOrder f right   Empty gt  codepre  pbut this returns a unit. I havent worked with custom types before, so Im probably missing something therep
Negative 10594 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions926656entityframeworkwithnolockEntity Framework with NOLOCKa  p blockquote    pIm using EF4 and .Net 4 to load some XML from a file into a database.p  pI have a class the wraps around the ObjectContext and has methods that add the marshalled objects from the XML file to the various EntityCollections that represent my tables.p  pEach XML file contains around 200,000 objects on average, the wrapper class creates the ObjectContext on construction and stores the reference in a local private class variable which is then used by the methods.p  pWhen I have finished creating the entities I callp  precodeentities.SaveChangesSaveOptions.AcceptAllChangesAfterSave codepre  pThis creates a transaction on the server which is as per EntityFramework design. However this transaction is completely locking down my DB even on tables that are not being added to.p  pI have tried various things to try and get round this including wrapping save changes in a TransactionScope like thisp  precodeusing TransactionScope scope  new TransactionScopeTransactionScopeOption.Suppress,        new TransactionOptions  IsolationLevel  IsolationLevel.ReadUncommitted                      entities.SaveChangesSaveOptions.AcceptAllChangesAfterSave              transaction.Complete         codepre  pI have also tried creating the TransactionScope before creating the ObjectContext in an attempt to influence the underlying transaction being used during SaveChanges.p  pIdeally I would want to load multiple files at once, but this will be impossible if the DB is locked during save changes. p  pDoes anyone know a work around to this issue Is there away to force the EntityFramework not to use a transactionp  pThanks for any help in advance.p  pJamesp
Negative 10594 pI like the apparent simplicity of JdbcTemplate but am a little confused as to how it works. It appears that each operation query or update fetches a connection from a datasource and closes it. p  pBeautiful, but how do you perform multiple SQL queries within the same connection p  pI might want to perform multiple operations in sequence for example SELECT followed by an INSERT followed by a commit or I might want to perform nested queries SELECT and then perform a second SELECT based on result of each row.p  pHow do I do that with JdbcTemplate. Am I using the right classp
Negative 10594 pIm creating a web application on Google AppEngine where I want the user to be notified a quickly as possible after certain events occour. The problem is similar to say a chat server in that I need something happening on one connection someone is writing a message in a chat room to propagate to a number of other connections other people in that chat room gets the message. To get speedy updates from the server to the client Im planning on using long polling with XmlHttpRequest, hoping that AppEngine wont interfere other than possibly restriing the timeout. The real problem however is efficient notification between connections on AppEngine.p  pIs there any support for this type of cross connection notification on AppEngine that does not involve busywaiting The only tools I can think of to do this at all is either using the data storage slow or memcache unreliable, and none of them would let me avoid busywaiting.p  pstrongNotestrong I know about XMPP support on AppEngine. Its related, but I want a browser based solution, sending messages to the users by XMPP is not an option.p
Negative 10594 pI am to program the SolovayStrassen primality test presented in the original paper on RSA.p  pAdditionally I will need to write a small bignum library, and so when searching for a convenient representation for bignum I came across this a hrefhttpwww.jscoron.frcoursnombredm.pdf relnofollowspecificationap  precodestruct    int sign   int size   int tab  bignum codepre  pI will also be writing a multiplication routine using the Karatsuba method.p  pSo, for my questionp  pWhat base would be convenient to store integer data in the bignum structp  pNote I am not allowed to use third party or builtin implementations for bignum such as GMP.p  pThank you.p
Negative 10594 pI want to show some images and text in a UITableView.p  pBut when I add the image to its UITableViewCell it breaks the layout and overlaps with the next Header.p  pHow can I set the size of the cell containing the image, so that the layout doesnt get brokenp  pI found some ObjCCode which suggest this can be done by using heightForRowAtIndexPath, but I couldnt find anything MonoTouch specific.p
Negative 10594 pIm copying a subset of some data, so that the copy will be independently modifiable in future.p  pOne of my SQL statements looks something like this Ive changed table and column namesp  precodeINSERT Product   ProductRangeID,   Name, Weight, Price, Color, And, So, On  SELECT   newrangeid AS ProductRangeID,   Name, Weight, Price, Color, And, So, On FROM Product WHERE ProductRangeID  oldrangeid and Color  Blue codepre  pThat is, were launching a new product range which initially just consists of all the blue items in some specified current range, under new SKUs. In future we may change the bluerange versions of the products independently of the old ones.p  pIm pretty new at SQL is there something clever I should do to avoid listing all those columns, or at least avoid listing them twice I can live with the current code, but Id rather not have to come back and modify it if new columns are added to Product. In its current form it would just silently fail to copy the new column if I forget to do that, which should show up in testing but isnt great.p  pI am copying every column except for the ProductRangeID which I modify, the ProductID incrementing primary key and two DateCreated and timestamp columns which take their autogenerated values for the new row.p  pBtw, I suspect I should probably have a separate join table between ProductID and ProductRangeID. I didnt define the tables.p  pThis is in a TSQL stored procedure on SQL Server 2008, if that makes any difference.p
Negative 10594 pIn the case of MSFT SQL Server 08, it isp  precodeodbcCommand  new OdbcCommandcall   SPNAME   ,,,,,, , odbcConn codepre  pWhen I try to do the same thing for Oracle, I getp  precodeOdbcException ERROR [HYC00] [Oracle][ODBC]Optional feature not implemented. codepre  pFeel free to ask for clarification, and please help. I am using .Net 3.5, SQL Server 08, and Oracle 11ghome1.p  pP.S. The Oracle stored procedure does have some 3 more parameters, but I believe I am handling this in my code.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to change the method codeOnAuthorizationcode, so that it is available for any application ... this wayp  precodepublic partial class Controller      protected override void OnAuthorizationAuthorizationContext filterContext              if stringfilterContext.RouteData.Values[action]  test                      filterContext.Result  new HttpUnauthorizedResult                 codepre  pbut is showing the compilation errorp  blockquote   pController.OnAuthorizationSystem.Web.Mvc.AuthorizationContext no   suitable method found to overridep blockquote  pCan someone help mep
Negative 10594 pIm pretty new to Git, and like it a lot so far, but am not sure what do do here.p  pIve forked a github project, and am currently in the process of porting it to another language. For reference, Ive created a branch of the code as it was when I made the fork. My problem now is that the original project has been updated, and I cant figure out how to pull those changes into my branch from the original master because origin points to my github project.p  pFollowup question for my own education, what command will the owner of the original project have to run in order to pull a change in from my branch into his master branchp  pEDIT These answers work when I run them from my own master branch, but not when I run them from my tracking branch Im using the term loosely here because I know of a git command of the same name. Not sure what it does, though.p  pWhen Im in my nonmaster branch, and run codegit fetch upstreamcode, nothing happens. When I try codegit fetch upstreammastercode, it saysp  precodessh upstream no address associated with name fatal The remote end hung up unexpectedly codepre
Negative 10594 pIm having serious problems with accepting payments.p  pIm passing the total amount in a hidden fieldp  precodeltinput typehidden   namecheckoutflowsupport.merchantcheckoutflowsupport.shippingmethods.flatrateshipping1.price   value129.00gt codepre  pSome of the users changed this value to 2 using firebug and submitted the form. Instead of getting 129, we only received 2.p  pI have no idea how to proceed this anyone help me quick .p
Negative 10594 pmy question is near a parentchild problem, and may need some recursive query, but i didnt find any answers by browsing forums.  here is my problem Ive got 3 tablesp  pre T1 people      T2 places  T3 relationship betwenn A and B                 id1 pk        id2 pk    id3 pk name            city        idA                             idB  pre  pI would like to identify groups of places and people that are related. For example, ifbr John visits London and Paris,br Mary visits Paris and New York,br Peter visits Bangalore and Tokyo,br I would like to affect the same group code to Mary, John, Paris, London and New York, and another group code to Peter, Tokyo and Bangalore.p  pI really dont know how to do this with sql. Any Ideap  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI recently started another thread without an account, so Im reposting the question here with an account so I can edit current links to the program so other users can follow this.  I have also updated the code below.  Here is my original questionp  pI read the other post here on Outlineviews and DND, but I cant get my program to work. At the bottom of this post is a link to a zip of my project. Its very basic with only an outlineview and button. I want it to receive text files being dropped on it, but something is wrong with my code or connections. I tried following Apples example code of their NSOutline Drag and Drop, but Im missing something. 1 difference is my program is a document based program and their example isnt. I set the Files Owner to receive delegate actions, since thats where my code to handle drag and drop is, as well as a button action. Its probably a simple mistake, so could someone please look at it and tell me what Im doing wrong Here is a link to the file a hrefhttpdl.dropbox.comu7195844OutlineDragDrop1.zip relnofollowhttpdl.dropbox.comu7195844OutlineDragDrop1.zipap
Negative 10594 pIm using this code to play a different mp3 files with every call. The first time through works great. The second time crash, as indicated below.p  p.hp  precodeAVAudioPlayer player property nonatomic, retain AVAudioPlayer player codepre  p.mp  precodevoidloadNSURL aFileURL   if aFileURL     AVAudioPlayer newPlayer    [[AVAudioPlayer alloc] initWithContentsOfURL aFileURL                       error nil]    [aFileURL release]   self.player  newPlayer  CRASHES HERE EXCBADACCESS with second MP3a   [newPlayer release]    [self.player prepareToPlay]   [self.player setDelegateself]       codepre  pI know I must have missed something, any ideasp
Negative 10594 pWhen I started localizing a website the first time, I just did the localization like thisp  precodelt Resources.ResourceFile.ResourceName gt codepre  pand it seems to work perfectly fine. However, the ReSharper 5.0 Beta does it like thisp  precodeltaspLocalize Textlt Resources ResourceFile, ResourceName gt runatservergt   Value ltaspLocalizegt codepre  pDoes it matter which way it gets donep  pAlso, why does ReSharper keep the original text inside the localize control I thought it was there in case the Value inside the Resource file was empty, it could show the default text. This does not appear to be the case. Is it safe to remove it and just self close the localize controlp
Negative 10594 pI have a classifieds system Im working on. p  pPeople are able to add photos to a classified, but I only display one when displaying the list of classifieds. p  pTo do that, I have a linking table between classifieds and photos that has a ismain boolean field. p  pWhen someone deletes one of their classified photos, I want top  precode1 See if there is more than that photo tied to the classified. 2 If there is, update the next photo and set that ismain field to TRUE. codepre  pJust trying to find out the most efficient way to do this. p
Negative 10594 pIve built a site in Interspire Web Publisher and it was working fine, seems to work in Firefox, Safari and Chrome but when I fired up Internet Explorer 7 amp 8 only the home page works, all links to other pages show up nothing.p  pDo you think it could have something to do with the .htaccess file But why would it work at one point then not another I did a test new site its database driven with 3 small pages and it worked fine on Internet Explorer....very weirdp  pmy website a hrefhttpwww.artandepilepsy.com relnofollowhttpwww.artandepilepsy.comap
Negative 10594 pI have service hosted in IIS5.0 and configured such way p  pp  precodeltserviceHostingEnvironment aspNetCompatibilityEnabledtrue gt  ltbehaviorsgt             ltendpointBehaviorsgt       ltbehavior nameGalleriesBehaviorgt      ltwebHttpgt       ltbehaviorgt  ltendpointBehaviorsgt    ltbehaviorsgt   ltservicesgt   ltservice nameGalleriesgt    ltendpoint address bindingwebHttpBinding contractIGalleries behaviorConfigurationGalleriesBehavior gt    ltservicegt  ltservicesgt codepre  pp  pWhen I make request to a hrefhttplocalhostsandboxWidgetGalleries.svcTest relnofollowhttplocalhostsandboxWidgetGalleries.svcTesta ,the message I get is  Metadata publishing for this service is currently disabled. and instructions how to expose meta data exchange...Tried this but doesnt help.. I can write any function name ,even not existing httplocalhostsandboxWidgetGalleries.svcblabla ,but the message is same ....p  pIm new to Wcf ,but what looks me strange is that ,the same application was working in my job environment ,but not on my home PC .... I have same VS2008,NET3.5 with service pack 1p
Negative 10594 pSo Im writing an application that will do a little screen scraping. Im using the a hrefhttphtmlagilitypack.codeplex.com relnofollowHTML Agility Packa to load an entire HTML page into an instance of codeHtmlDocoumentcode called codedoccode. Now I want to parse that doc, looking for thisp  precodelttable border0 cellspacing3gt lttrgtlttdgtFirst rows stufflttdgtlttrgt lttrgt lttdgt  The data I want is in here ltbr gt  and its seperated by these annoying ltbr gt s.  No ids, classes, or even a single ltpgt tag. ltpgt Just a bunch of ltbr gt  tags. lttdgt  lttrgt  lttablegt  codepre  pSo I just need to get the data within the 2nd row. How can I do this Should I use a regex or something elsep  pstrongUpdatestrong Here is how Im loading my codedoccodep  precodeHtmlWeb hw  new HtmlWeb HtmlDocument doc  hw.LoadUrl codepre
Negative 10594 pI am extracting a bunch of data from an XML file using jQuery. I need to use the data to fill in image paths, names, etc.p  pWhat is the best way to gather all of this data for use For instance, I get everything like sop  precode document.readyfunction                  .ajax                     type GET,                     url stuff.xml,                     dataType xml,                     success functionxml                          xml.findspeaker.eachfunction                             var imgpath  this.findspeakerimage.text                             var nametext  this.findspeakername.text                              should I build an array or object here                                                                             codepre  pShould I stick everything into an array in the success method Maybe in an object What I will do is take the collected data and use it to build a list of names and images. There will be quite a few elements in this and it will look something like with codeimgpathcode being used in the image url and codenametextcode being used for the labelp  precodeltulgt ltligtltimg srcimagesbobsmith.jpg gtltbr gtltlablegtBob S. Smithltlabelgtltligt ltligtltimg srcimagescrystalforehead.jpg gtltbr gtltlablegtCrystal X. Foreheadltlabelgtltligt ... ltulgt codepre  pWhat is the best way to handle the collected data so I can go through and build the html I need using itp
Negative 10594 pSo hopefully with some CSLA skills out there can help me see a better way with this one. I have a situation where I want to manually create my transaction from outside the object and set my transactionAttribute to manual.p  pSo I have some code that looks like thisp  precodeusing SqlConnection conn ConnectionManagerltSqlConnectiongt.GetManagerDb.Connection      connectionTransaction  conn.BeginTransaction      objectRef  objectRef.Save      other logic here      objectRef  objectRef.Save     connectionTransaction.Commit  codepre  pThen inside the save method there is something like this for the data accessp  precodeusing var conn  ConnectionManagerltSqlConnectiongt.GetManagerDb.Connection      using var cm  conn.CreateCommand              cm.CommandType  CommandType.StoredProcedure         cm.CommandText  ProcName           param definitions          cm.ExecuteNonQuery       codepre  pWhen I do this I receive the following errorp  pExecuteNonQuery requires the command to have a transaction when the connection assigned to the command is in a pending local transaction.  The Transaction property of the command has not been initialized.p  pOk so that makes sense what it is saying and I could easily fix by assigning the transaction to the command. But Im wondering if this is actually structured correctly according to CSLA best practices. I cant seem to find a good example in the book I recently got.p  pI just cant imagine that it is good practice to tell my domain object code to behave like it is in a transaction when there could be times when it isnt.p  pCan anyone show me the light on what I need to do to fix this correctlyp
Negative 10594 pHere is a piece of codep  precodedocument.readyfunction      nextBtn.liveclick,     function          this.attrid, next2Btn         cscontentToSlide.animate             left 500,         ,         200,         function              stateGraphic.attrsrc, imagesstate23stage.gif              mainGraphic.fadeTo900, 0.10     mainGraphic.attrsrc, imagesassess3.gif     mainGraphic.fadeTo300, 1.0                    codepre  pI dont understand why the .attr edit on mainGraphic occurs before the fade that precedes it in the source order.p  pWhat should happen is a click is made, something slides, the mainGraphic fades down to almost nothing, gets replaced, then fades back up.p  pAs it is, I click, the slide is made, then mainGraphic gets replaced and then fades inout.p  pIt appears that .attr changes are more senior to fadesp
Negative 10594 pHow do I fix the following errorp  pUndefined symbolsbr   OBJCCLASSAdMobView, referenced frombr       objcclassreftoAdMobView in AdWhirlAdapterAdMob.obr ld symbols not foundp
Negative 10594 pI have to do Login Authentication to post the tweets. I got the codeJtwitter.jarcode and codeSignPost.jarcode file from a hrefhttpwww.winterwell.comsoftwarejtwitter.php relnofollowthis linka. As far as i searched, the xAuth Authendication is more efficient. But i did not get any simple tutorial or piece of code for Login Authendication yet. I found a hrefhttpwww.mobisoftinfotech.comblogandroid1089 relnofollowthis Articlea and used this code. thats get codeNullPointerExceptioncode. p  pI created the customer key and Secret key also used the code where  got the jar site. That gets codeVerification Errorcode. p  pPlease Share some idea or steps to follow to verify the username and password of the userp  pEditp  pI want to post to from the codeusers accountcode. what do you prefer to use the Api whether codeJtwittercode or codeOauthcode and Tell me codeHowtocode or codeRelated Articlescode p
Negative 10594 pOn one of my web sites there is a text input box on the left for search.p  pa hrefhttpwiki.guildwars2community.com relnofollowhttpwiki.guildwars2community.comap  pHowever in chrome you cant select the input as if you emright clickInspectem element it selects a div.p  pWhats strange is the links and buttons underneath it work fine.p  pAny ideas or is this a chrome bug I have tried setting the zindex to 999 but thats no good.p
Negative 10594 pIts easy enough to record how long a page takes to load using Events with Google Analytics and I can find plenty of examples of how to do that by searching. The problem is most of these methods record the start time as being the moment the page starts to load so in effect all it tells you is how long the page took to render in a browser. I want to time the full page lifecycle, ie from when the request begins until the browser has completely rendered the page to the user. p  pAnyone know how to do that with GAp  pIs there any way to get from the browser when the request started, rather than having to record a timestamp in javascriptp
Negative 10594 pIn asp.net sometimes a webcontrol needs to reference another webcontrol such as the gridview needs the id of the datasource object that it will bind to.p  pI have a property of my webcontrol that is a string the id of the webcontrol I want to reference. How do I access the actual webcontrol based on this idp
Negative 10594 pI thought I had this worked out, but unfortunately it does not work in FF or Chrome.  I have a list of images that I would like displayed as a slideshow with carousel on my page.  When the user clicks on the larger image I would like it to open a full size image in a lightbox.  Here is the code that works in IEp  precodeltscript srcScriptsjquery1.4.2.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt ltscript srcScriptsgalleria.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt ltscript srcScriptsgalleria.classic.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt ltscript srcScriptsjquery.colorboxmin.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt   ltscript typetextjavascriptgt document.readyfunction      a[reltest].colorbox      exteriorSlideShowgallery.galleria         maxscaleratio 1,         imagecrop false,         height 210,         transition fade,         extend function              this.bindGalleria.LOADFINISH, functione                  e.imageTarget.clickthis.proxyfunctione                      e.preventDefault                     a[reltest].eqthis.active.click                                              ltscriptgt codepre  pIn the above, this.active represents the index of the image in which the carousel is currently on.  Since it is in the same order the links below are displayed in, it corresponds to the correct link I would like to have clicked.p  precodeltdiv idexteriorSlideShowgallerygt     lta hrefImagesORIG1.gif reltestgtltimg srcImagesTHUMB1.gif gtltagt     lta hrefImagesORIG2.gif reltestgtltimg srcImagesTHUMB2.gif gtltagt     lta hrefImagesORIG3.gif reltestgtltimg srcImagesTHUMB3.gif gtltagt ltdivgt codepre  pAnyone know why this wouldnt work in anything but IEp  pemEDITem For the time being I have put in a work around.  If the browser is IE I call the code as above else I use .colorbox href urloflargeimage .  This doesnt allow grouping of the images for anything but IE, but at least I have a lightbox up.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to evaluate whether to use classic Principal based authorization vs. IdentityModel authorization. It seems like Microsoft is recommending the latter these days, but I havent seen enough in terms of maturity or support for it. Specifically, I really like the ability to set a codePrincipalPermissionAttributecode and allow the framework to automatically take care of preventing unauthorized class instantiation and method calls.p  pI am already using a codeServiceAuthorizationManagercode and could perform evaluation there...but what about nonWCF scenarios And what about preventing the instantiation of certain classes and preventing method calls emwithinem a WCF operation, not before it executesp  pI am also already using an IoC mechanism and have contemplated using interceptors and a custom activator that performs claims based evaluation against a hypothetical codeRequiresClaimAttributecode on a class or method...but Im not really fond of such an approach because it requires any objects that want authorization support to use the IoC container for resolution and construction...p  pSo I guess my question is...is Microsofts Windows Identity Foundation aka IdentityModel framework really mature enough to use at this point Are there ways of accomplishing what Im describing with IdentityModelp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to build a package which has some files under codeetccode that are not configuration. They are included in the codeconffilescode automatically even if I create an empty codepackage.conffilescode in the codedebiancode directory.p  pHow can I stop codedhinstalldebcode from doing thatp
Negative 10594 pI am building an app with ASP.NET MVC2, Fluent NHibernate, StructureMap, and PostgreSQL. I am a total newbie when it comes to Fluent NHibernate. I got a setup going from a couple different sources but when I build and run my app it doesnt create the database tables for the database in my connection string. I have code in a few different files so Im not sure which code I need to post of if I should post all of it. If there is one key to check for please let me know or let me know to post all the code. Thanksp
Negative 10594 pI am currently designing simple editor as part of learning process. Its basicaly hierarchical tree structure of polygonslinespoints, that is implemented in data model. I need to display these data in two viewsp  pFirst view hierarchical data in tree view item  Second view rendered geometry on screen p  pFollowing the MVVM pattern i have implemented model view classes around data model  point model view, line model view, etc..  . In tree view I am using hierarchical data templates to properly display specific data. On second view I need to render current state of geometry, currently its just one modelview wrapper around polygon data class, that travels all children and render them in onRender method. In this case I am using multiple view models over the same data, both for quite different purpose.p  pThere is a problem when I make some modification in tree view model adding points for example , resulting in change of underlying data model. However second view model does not directly observe data in model view, it updates render view only if I make modification trough its modelview clas. Is there some elegant solution to update both view models concurently  p
Negative 10594 pI want to build an api in java to solve the security image problem occurred while moving one page to another page in any website. How can i get the session id and cookies so that i can post it with the security image string.p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI have a Main class loading 2 SWF loader and viewer, also with document classes. They need to share a double buffer with content, of course, filled by loader and showed by viewerp  pI was thinking to use the LocalConnection class but after a suggestion from PatrickS now Im evaluating the possibility of a Singleton Class. Ive never used this pattern in AS and must confess Im rather biased against it. But in this particular case I guess itll be useful. By the way, a little bit surprised reading in the gskinner blog 2 implementations examples. So, Ill really appreciate your views, knowing this subject is an endless war like the Mac vs PC onep  pTake into account 1. AIR desktop application running 24x7 during some months in a highend Windows PC. No user interaction 2. High performance code is a must because content loaded are full HD imagesp  pMy other concern is about memory leaksp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pI have coded this little script, which upload a photo imageshand.jpg into a users profile in the default application album in the appalbum from witch im calling this script.p  pNow i have a problem. I would like to get the unique pid picture id of the just uploaded photo. When I try to echo data, there is a int like this p  p120629757986939p  pwhich appears to be the fbid of the created objectp  pa hrefhttpwww.facebook.comphoto.phppid115842ampid relnofollowhttpwww.facebook.comphoto.phppid115842ampidastrong100001197451821strongampreffbxalbumampfbid120629757986939p  pI need this one p  p...photo.phppidstrong115842strongampid100001197451821ampreffbxalbumampfbid120629757986939p  pDoes anyone knows how to get this value Thanks for all your help, Camillop  pBelow the script what i am using to upload the photop  precode        uid  facebookgtgetUser     me  facebookgtapime     token  session[accesstoken]here I get the token from the session array     albumid  album[0]      upload your photo     file imageshand.jpg     args  array     message gt Photo from application,          args[basenamefile]   . realpathfile      ch  curlinit     url  httpsgraph.facebook.com.albumid.photosaccesstoken.token      data  posturl, referer, agent, cookie,  args, 1        curlsetoptch, CURLOPTURL, url     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTHEADER, false     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, true     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPOST, true     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPOSTFIELDS, args     data  curlexecch codepre
Negative 10594 pI am making a CustomControl based on a ToolStripButton control, I am trying to know when the mouse is Hover the button to draw it differently. Here is a quick view of my code p  precode    private bool mIsHover  false              ...      protected override void OnMouseEnterEventArgs e              mIsHover  true         Debug.WriteLineMouse IN         base.OnMouseEntere           protected override void OnMouseLeaveEventArgs e              mIsHover  false         Debug.WriteLineMouse OUT         base.OnMouseLeavee           ...      protected override void OnPaintPaintEventArgs e               Define rectangle used to draw         Rectangle borderRec  new Rectangle0, 0, this.Width  1, this.Height  1          if mIsHover                       Draw border             e.Graphics.DrawRectanglemBorderPen, borderRec              ...                  else                       Default draw             base.OnPainte               codepre  pMy problem is that I clearly see in the debug panel that Mouse IN and Mouse OUT are right, so variable should be correctly set, but in the OnPaint event, I never enter in the mIsHover conditionnal ...p  pI really dont understand what the problem is, it seem so easy ...p
Negative 10594 pI tagged this question with codepoissoncode as I am not sure if it will be helpful in this case.p  pI need to create a distribution probably formatted as an image in the end from a list of data.  p  pFor example p  precodedata  [1, 2, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 5, 10, 10, 10, 22, 30, 30, 35, 46, 58, 59, 59] codepre  psuch that the data can be used to create a visual distribution.  I might, for example in this case, say that the ranges are in 10 and there needs to be at least 3 items in each range to be a valid point.p  pWith this example data, I would expect the result to be analogous to p  precodeditribution  [1, 2, 4, 6] codepre  psince I have  3 items in ranges 09, 1019, 3039 and 5059.  Using that result I could generate an image that has the sections segmented out darker color that exist in my final distribution.  An example of the type of image I am trying to create can be seen below and would have been generated with far more data.  Ignore the blue line for now.p  pI know how to do this the embrute forceem way of iterating over every item in the list and doing my calculation like that.  But, my data set may have hundreds of thousands, or even millions of numbers.  My range 10 and my required number of items 3 will likely be much larger in a real world example.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comeco4m.jpg altdistribution imagep  pThanks for any help.p
Negative 10594 pI am looking for research published on AI techniques for reading cookbook recipes. Recipes are a very limited domain that might be doable in a natural language recognition engine with some degree of accuracy.p  pI have in mind writing a program that would allow copypasting a recipe from a web browser into the AI and having it determine the title, author, ingredients, instructions, nutritional information, etc. by reading the recipe. I would also like to be able to process PDF files I have a large collection, maybe also just using copypaste.p  pThe output will be some kind of standard XMLbased format that can be read by a recipe organizer.p  pI have in mind PhD or Masterslevel work.p
Negative 10594 pI want to display some data on table, lets call it TabeView app.p  pSo I created a navigationbased application on XCode and it gives me 4 files in the classes folder.p  ul liRootViewController.hli liRootViewController.mli liTableViewAppDelegate.hli liTableViewAppDelegate.mli ul  pNow, I wanted to set up the data in TableViewAppDelegate using the didFinishLaunchingWithOptions method, which I did using an array.p  pThen, I need to send this array to the RootViewController. I have an array variable in RootViewController so I assume that I need to set the array variable in RootViewController from the TableViewAppDelegate. How can I do thisp  pThe problem I am having is, that I dont know how to set the array variable in RootViewController from TableViewAppDelegate. I want to know if something like below is possiblep  precode.... [RootViewController setMyArraymyArray] [window addSubviewnavigationController.view] [window makeKeyAndVisible] .... codepre  pBut I have no idea how to call RootViewController.p  pHopefully I made some sense. Thank you.p
Negative 10594 pOr, does using Rubys irb and then coderequire mongocode and adding some Connect statement essentially act like a Ruby shell...  it would be great if a Ruby shell can be possible which as convenient as the Javascript Shell. p
Negative 10594 pIf I have a couple of strings startDate and endDate which are set to for instance 20110701 and 20110717 meaning 1 July 2011 and 17 July 2011. How would I count the days from start date to end date In the example given, it would be 17 days.p
Negative 10594 pI ve developed on SMS sending application for Android devices. A pop up opens up asking to choose sms applications native app or mine , whenever I try to send SMS to contact already present in Contact Book on my android device. But in case, if I try to resend a SMS already present in sms box in android device, no such pop up opens up    p
Negative 10594 pI am using GPS in iphone and it show conformation message for use location service. and i want to trap what user select Allow or No. can any one suggest how i do thisp  pThankp
Negative 10594 pApache asks the password for each subdomain with htpasswd.p  pI want that he would ask the password at the first input and remembered me for all subdomainsp  pI use the following codep  precodeAuthType Basic AuthName Projects AuthUserFile blablablabaz.htpasswd Require validuser codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a interesting problem. I have a list of lists, and I want all except the first element of each list compiled into a regular expression. And then put back into the list. The lists start as strings.p  pThe following code doesnt work. It doesnt raise an error, it just doesnt seem to do anything. I think I have identified the problem. see belowp  pCodep  precodefor i in rangelengroups     for j in rangelengroups[i][1]         groups[i][1][j]  re.compilegroups[i][1][j] codepre  pThe problem as I see it is that, while codelist[1]  [1,2,3]code works, codelist[1][1]  2code does not work. What would an appropriate fix bep
Negative 10594 pIm working on wordpress queryposts. I want to show 12 posts on the index page,3 items in a row. So I want to have a clearboth css on the first item of each row. How can I do that pleasep  pre ltphp querypostsarray039showposts039 gt 9, 039postparent039 gt postgtID, 039posttype039 gt 039page039, 039order039 gt 039ASC039 gt ltdivgt     ltphp if  haveposts   while  haveposts   thepost gt         ltdivgt lt clear class on each 4th item gt             lth2gtltphp thetitle gtlth2gt             ltphp thecontent gt         ltdivgt     ltphp endif gt ltdivgt ltphp wpresetquery gt pre
Negative 10594 pI am using the imap library to access my unread messages on gmail and to print out the subjects, is there a way to make sure that the messages being read are still tagged as unread.p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pOur customer is using a driver by a hrefhttpwww.iwaysoftware.comsolutionsbyintegrationdataAdapters.html relnofollowiWay Softwarea to provide ODBC access to sequential files on a mainframe system. They are able to access the data successfully from Excel using the ODBC source but when we try to access the schema information using GetSchemaTable on a successfully opened DbDataReader the following exception is thrownp  blockquote   pSystem.ArgumentException Unknown SQL type  0.     at System.Data.Odbc.TypeMap.FromSqlTypeSQLTYPE sqltype     at System.Data.Odbc.OdbcDataReader.BuildMetaDataInfo     at System.Data.Odbc.OdbcDataReader.GetSchemaTable     at System.Data.Odbc.OdbcMetaDataFactory.DataTableFromDataReaderDataTypesDataTable dataTypesTable, OdbcDataReader dataReader, OdbcConnection connection     at System.Data.Odbc.OdbcMetaDataFactory.GetDataTypesCollectionString[] restrictions, OdbcConnection connection     at System.Data.Odbc.OdbcMetaDataFactory.PrepareCollectionString collectionName, String[] restrictions, DbConnectionconnection     at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbMetaDataFactory.GetSchemaDbConnection connection, String collectionName, String[] restrictions     at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.GetSchemaDbConnectionFactory factory, DbConnectionPoolGroup poolGroup, DbConnection outerConnection, String collectionName, String[] restrictions     at System.Data.Odbc.OdbcConnection.GetSchemaString collectionName, String[] restrictionValues     at System.Data.Odbc.OdbcConnection.GetSchemaString collectionName     at MyApplication.ReadAdo.GetRowDefinitionp blockquote  pFrom the looks of things a System.ArgumentException is being thrown in System.Data.Odbc.TypeMap.FromSqlType due to an unknown SQL type of 0. p  pIs there any way that we can ignore this error as we dont really require the data types for the columns, just the list of columns names Alternatively, is there any other way that we can access this schema informationp
Negative 10594 pA simple questionp  pIn Linux, how do you set the maximum segment size that is allowed on a TCP connection  I need to set this for an application I did not write so I cannot use codesetsockoptcode to do it.  I need to set this ABOVE the mtu in the network stack.p  pHeres whyp  pI have two streams sharing the same network connection.  One sends small packets periodically, which need absolute minimum latency.  The other sends tons of dataI am using SCP to simulate that link.  p  pI have setup traffic control tc to give the minimum latency traffic high priority.  The problem I am running into, though, is that the TCP packets that are coming down from SCP end up with sizes up to 64K bytes.  Yes, these are broken into smaller packets based on mtu, but this unfortunately occurs AFTER tc prioritizes the packets.  Thus, my low latency packet gets stuck behind up to 64K bytes of SCP traffic.p  pThis article indicates that on Windows you can set this value  a hrefhttpcompnetworking.about.comodnetworkprotocolsgmtumaximum.htm relnofollowhttpcompnetworking.about.comodnetworkprotocolsgmtumaximum.htmap  pIs there something on Linux I can set  Ive tried ip route and iptables, but these are applied too low in the network stack.  I need to limit the TCP packet size before tc, so it can prioritize the high priority packets appropriately.p  pThanks for any helpp  pEricp
Negative 10594 pHow can I have the Twenty Ten dropdown menu appearing with some fade effectp  pIf you put your mouse over the A parent page it promptly shows a dropdown list with all pages. However, would like to have it showing with some fade effect.p
Negative 10594 pIve got a Javascript mess that looks something likep  pNote Not working code, just trying to illustrate my problem...p  precodefunction      foo.Something   Something is a grid control        buttons              add                  onClick function  Build dialog box to add stuff to grid                     ltdivgtltdivgt                     .html...                     .dialog                         buttons                              done  Finished button on dialog box                                 OnClick function                                      this.dialogclose                                                                                                                                                           codepre  pId like to replace some of the codefunction...codes with real functions, to clean things up a bit and to get rid of all that indenting. How do I assign a real function to one of the callbacks rather than an anonymous functionp
Negative 10594 pHow can I view symbols in a .o file nm does not work for me. I use glinux.p
Negative 10594 pI have issue about multiple login in asp.net.p  pCase this happenp  ul liUser X login as user1 in web browser.li liThen user Y also login as user1 also in another web browser. li liUser Y got error message Another user log in some account.li ul  pThat is work as expected.p  pIf X, close their web browser. Then try again to login in as user1.p  ul liX get also get Another user log in some account.li ul  pSo i trying debug then i found session is remove when web browser is close, but cache still remaining in web browser.p  pAnyone have idea about this how to clear cache when user close their browser, not tab.p  pRegard.p
Negative 10594 pIve replaced someone at this company, and he was their SourceSafe guy. He kind of sucked at it, but he knew more than anyone else i.e. anything at all and so Im kind of stuck for places to ask this question. Sorry.p  pAnyway, Ive got a StartUp project StartupProjectA in Visual Studio that references projects A, B and C. Ive got all of those in SolutionA.p  pMy predecessor has previously added this solution to SourceSafe so that theres a SolutionA folder in SourceSafe, containing a StartupProjectA folder, and A folder, a B folder and a C folder.p  pIt turns out, though, that StartupProjectB and StartupProjectC all live in the same directory as StartupProjectA on the local machine, so on the PC Im using I have a [GeneralSolution] folder which contains a StartupProjectA folder, a StartupProjectB folder, a StartupProjectC folder, and A folder, a B folder and a C folder.p  pMy question is what do I do to get the Solutions for StartupProjectB and StartupProjectC into SourceSafe Ive tried adding them, but they all create their own copies of folders A, B and C. What have I missedp  pEDIT Based on Gabriels answerp  pIm trying to use the Visual Studio SourceSafe integration to get these solutions into SourceSafe. Doing so creates multiple redundant copies of A, B and C. I would like to have one folder in SourceSafe, containing SPA, SPB, SPC, A, B and C folders. Im not really sure how to do this, because I can only add entire Solutions to SourceSafe via Visual Studio. Theres no option that I can see for Add this folder to SourceSafe and recognise that these other three folders are already referenced in the repository and so dont need to be added.p
Negative 10594 pmy main UIViewController should check for some data updates when it loads, if any update is found an opaque subview is added to show progress and so on.p  pLets say that the method is called checkUpdates, so in my app delegate i do the followingp  precode[window addSubviewviewController.view] [window makeKeyAndVisible]  [viewController checkUpdates] codepre  pThe method is likep  precode void checkUpdates       add the opaque progress view     [self.view addSubviewprogress.view]     [progress setMessage Checking for updates ...]       ... perform the update ...       remote the progress view     [progress.view removeFromSuperview]  codepre  pTheoretically the view should load and the update process should be seen, but the problem is that the view just get freezed during this phase, and when the update process is finished im able to interact with it.p  pAny ideap
Negative 10594 pIn the summary of a hrefhttpperlcabal.orgsynDifferences.htmlwantarray2829isgonedifferencesa between Perl 5 and Perl 6, it is noted that the codewantarraycode function is gonep  blockquote   pwantarray is gonep      pwantarray is gone. In Perl 6, context   flows outwards, which means that a   routine does not know which context it   is in.p      pInstead you should return objects that   do the right thing in every context.p blockquote  pCould someone provide an example of how such an object is createdp
Negative 10594 pI would like to know if there is a way to add ruby code in a locale file. For examplep  precode  devise     failure       unconfirmed You have to confirm your account before continuing. lt link to send confirmation instructions, userconfirmationpath gt codepre  pThanks for your helpp
Negative 10594 pMy question is quiet simple I think. I have a class that implements a simple chronometer using some integers and codeNSTimercode. I would like to close my app so enter in background mode but I would like my chronometer still continue to count. How can I manage that p  pThanks a lot p
Negative 10594 pIm using JAXWS WAS 7  Websphere ESB 7  JAXWS WAS 7, populating a xsddateTime field with a timestamp. p  pHeres the flowp  ol liWAS  Instantiate Response objectli liPopulate XMLGregorianCalendar field in POJO [codeDatatypeFactory.newInstance.newXMLGregorianCalendarGregorianCalendarCalendar.getInstancecode] code20101102T153542.0471300codeli liPass response back through ESBli liExamine response in gateway code20101102T023542.047Zcodeli ol  pAs you can see the NZ timezone info is ignored. The returned codeXMLGregorianCalendarImpl.timezone0code, where it was codeXMLGregorianCalendarImpl.timezone780code when it was instantiated.p  pThe POJO is generated with the JAXWS RI IBM 2.1.1 in JDK 6 asp  precodeXmlAccessorTypeXmlAccessType.FIELD XmlTypename  MessageControl, namespace  httpxmlschema.customer.co.nzgenericResponse123, propOrder       messageTrackTrace,     messageDate,    public class PojoClass       XmlElementname  MessageTrackTrace     protected String messageTrackTrace     XmlElementname  MessageDate, required  true     protected XMLGregorianCalendar messageDate codepre  pIs this a bug in ESB Perhaps there is a configuration I can change Cheersp
Negative 10594 pI have a problem where, due to previous peoples poor design decisions, Im forced to have two columns in a linking table that emshouldem always be mutually exclusive.  Ive seen a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1832084sqlserverdefinecolumnsalsmutuallyexclusivehttpstackoverflow.comquestions1832084sqlserverdefinecolumnsalsmutuallyexclusivea but MySQL doesnt enforce CHECK constraints so Im looking for other options.  Is there any way to enforce mutual exclusion between two columnsp  pLet me explain in case someone sees a better solution.p  pPrevious devadmins have constructed two tables that record basically the same type of things.  I have a new a table that is 1  many in theory to the thing they both represent.  So my two options seem to be to create either two bridging tables or 1 bridging tables with two external key references.  The two tables seems like an ugly solution to me that I was hoping to avoid but unenforced mutually exclusive fields leaves me open to easy corruption.p  pConcrete example since I cant share my real casep  precodeTable fulltimestudents stores full time students Table parttimestudents store part time students  Table class will store class info Table classstudents should store which students are in which class codepre  pIn an ideal world, I would combine the two student tables but theres a lot of code that would break and I dont have the timewill to go fix all of that so Im forced for now to deal with the existent schemasdata.  Im using InnoDB so I was already planning on having foreign key constraints on the studentids but like I said, if I do one table with two columns I open myself up to the corruption of having one row with both ids.p  pJust writing this out almost convinces me to reconsider the 2 table solution...p
Negative 10594 pIm curious about the technical reason for a hrefhttpwww.cplusplus.comreferenceiostreamistreamgetline relnofollowcin.getlinea and the a hrefhttpwww.cplusplus.comreferencestringgetline relnofollowglobal getlinea function being in different places.p  pWhat was the motivation for not simply defining all these function signatures for cinp  precodeTHESE TWO EXIST istreamamp cingetline char s, streamsize n  istreamamp cingetline char s, streamsize n, char delim   THESE TWO COULD EXIST istreamamp cingetline string amps istreamamp cingetline string amps, char delim  codepre  pWas it because other types may want to be added and they didnt want to marry the string to cinp
Negative 10594 pI am starting out with the tab bar application in XCode and I want to put a table view in one of the tabs. I know how to physically put the table view into a tab with interface builder, but I need to be able to edit the data in the table, so Im not just left with blank cells.p  pSo, how can I edit the data in the tablep  pEssentially, I want to put a navigationbased application inside the tab of a tab bar application.p  pThanks for the helpp
Negative 10594 pI am working with some draggabledroppable hierarchical data that gets rendered in html in the form of nested ULs. I am trying to pass this to my controller action in a format that can be semiusable in C. I am using a Jquery plugin to serialize the data serializeTree and post it. The data gets posted like p  pamppostData[]1amppostData[11][]13amppostData[11][14][16][]17amppostData[12][]15amppostData[12][]19amppostData[12][]18p  pIf I inspect the form values in my controller action I get the followingp  ppostData[]1 postData[11][]13 postData[11][14][16][]17 postData[12][]15 postData[12][]19 postData[12][]18p  p..Essentially multidimensional arrays. However, I am getting stumped here. Aside from some nasty string parsing, how else can I get this into a workable format in Cp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to construct a linq query that pulls all nodes that have a particular element.p  pIn the case below, youll notice that the second entry has a few extra elements DisplayOnSignup, SortOrder, etc.p  pId like the linq to give me all entry nodes that have a SortOrder element.  p  pThe xml doc looks like thisp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltfeed gt     ltentrygt         ltlink hrefwscustomerstestacctlistsremoved releditgtltlinkgt         ltidgthttpapi.constantcontact.comwscustomerstestacctlistsremovedltidgt         lttitle typetextgtRemovedlttitlegt         ltupdatedgt20101110T190309.253Zltupdatedgt         ltauthorgt             ltnamegtTestltnamegt         ltauthorgt         ltcontent typeapplicationvnd.ctctxmlgt             ltContactList idhttpapi.constantcontact.comwscustomerstestacctlistsremovedgt                 ltNamegtRemovedltNamegt                 ltShortNamegtRemovedltShortNamegt             ltContactListgt         ltcontentgt     ltentrygt     ltentrygt         ltlink hrefwscustomerstestacctlists1 releditgtltlinkgt         ltidgthttpapi.constantcontact.comwscustomerstestacctlists1ltidgt         lttitle typetextgtGeneral Interestlttitlegt         ltupdatedgt20101110T190309.253Zltupdatedgt         ltauthorgt             ltnamegtConstant Contactltnamegt         ltauthorgt         ltcontent typeapplicationvnd.ctctxmlgt             ltContactList idhttpapi.constantcontact.comwscustomerstestacctlists1gt                 ltOptInDefaultgttrueltOptInDefaultgt                 ltNamegtGeneral InterestltNamegt                 ltShortNamegtGeneral InterestltShortNamegt                 ltDisplayOnSignupgtYesltDisplayOnSignupgt                 ltSortOrdergt0ltSortOrdergt                 ltMembers idhttpapi.constantcontact.comwscustomerstestacctlists1membersgtltMembersgt                 ltContactCountgt3ltContactCountgt             ltContactListgt         ltcontentgt     ltentrygt ltfeedgt codepre  pMy query so far looks likep  precodeXDocument loaded  XDocument.Parseresponse  result  from entry in loaded.Descendantsentry       select new CcList            LinkHref  entry.Elementlink.Attributehref.Value,           Id  entry.Elementid.Value,           Title  entry.Elementtitle.Value,           Updated  entry.Elementupdated.Value,           ListName  entry.Elementcontent.ElementContactList.ElementName.Value,           OptInDefault  entry.Elementcontent.ElementContactList.ElementOptInDefault.Value,           ShortName  entry.Elementcontent.ElementContactList.ElementShortName.Value,           SortOrder  entry.Elementcontent.ElementContactList.ElementSortOrder.Value       .ToListltCcListgt codepre  pWhat do I put as the where clause OR is there a better wayp
Negative 10594 pMy job is to develop a small 2D game in WPF. I saw a lot of cool games which are written in Silverlight. My quesion is now Has WPF the same requirements for this purpose Here httpwww.microsoft.comshowcaseenusdetailsb83db72dbc0e442388fc99d7a77d60e5 Ive found a really cool game in silverlight. I want to develop nearly the same in WPF. Are there any performance problems or something like thatp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pHow do you make sure that you always have a releasable buildp  pIm on a Scrum team that is running into the following problem At the end of the Sprint, the team presents its finished user stories to the Product Owner.  The PO will typically accept several user stories but reject one or two.  At this point, the team no longer has a releasable build because the build consists of both the releasable stories and the unreleasable stories and there is no simple way to tear out the unreleasable stories.  In addition, we do not want to just delete the code associated with the unreleasable stories because typically we just need to add a few bug fixes.p  pHow should we solve this problem  My guess is that there is some way to branch the build in such a way that either a each user story is on its own branch and the user story branches can be merged or b there is a way of annotating the code associated with each user story and creating a build that only has the working user story.  But I dont know how to do either a or b.  Im also open to the possibility that there are much easier solutions.p  pI want to stress that the problem is not that the build is broken.  The build is not broken  there are just some user stories in the build that cannot be released.p  pWe are currently using svn but are willing to switch to another source control system if this would solve the problem.p  pIn addition to answers, Im also interested in any books or references which address this question.p
Negative 10594 pHow a document, Excel, presentation file can be opened in a iPhone app. Using a Web view we can open the .pdf file using the following lines of codep  precode    NSString thePath  [[NSBundle mainBundle] pathForResourceiPhoneUserGuide ofTypepdf]      ifthePath       NSData pdfData  [NSData dataWithContentsOfFilethePath]      [webview loadDatapdfData MIMETypeapplicationpdf          textEncodingNameutf8 baseURLnil]        codepre  pHow can we open doc, ppt, xls files in a webview this wayp
Negative 10594 pIf anyone can help me Im not sure what my SQL database should look like for the following PHP class.p  precodehttprealsauce.mirrors.phpclasses.orgpackage4874PHPManageaccountsofusersofmultiplesites.html  httpwww.phpclasses.orgpackage4875PHPAuthenticateusersinaremoteserver.html codepre  pmy site is currently a hrefhttpbid4bank.compassport relnofollowhttpbid4bank.compassporta I have created a table called users with the following ID Primary, auto increment user pass email sitep  pOr if you know of any other authentication servers that a more feature richp
Negative 10594 pIn one of my applications for iPad I am building up the db remotely using a json string then converted to NSArray to be insert in core data and then I donwload around 600Mb of images on the ipad. All this is created in a background thread causing from the beginning some memory issue. I get hold of the problem nesting 3 different NSAutoreleasePool in the operation and releasing each of them at a convenient point. I got no error, nor leak, nor warning. I was just wondering if it is a good way of doing it or I just miss something.p  pHere a schematic example the real code is quite longp  precode voidmain try        NSAutoreleasePool pool  [[NSAutoreleasePool alloc] init]  first pool     [managedOC lock]     NSArray results  [self loadEntitiesWithGroupNameProject andNameprojects]     NSAutoreleasePool prjPool  second pool     for NSDictionary thisResult in results          prjPool  [[NSAutoreleasePool alloc] init]          Project prj  [[Project alloc] initWithEntity[NSEntityDescription entityForNameProject inManagedObjectContextself.managedOC] insertIntoManagedObjectContextself.managedOC]         prj.name  [thisResult objectForKeyname]         [prj saveThumbnail[thisResult objectForKeythumbnail]]          Slides. Those are the images that take so mutch space.         NSArray slides  [thisResult objectForKeyslides]         NSAutoreleasePool slidePool  third pool         ifslides  kCFNull             slidePool  [[NSAutoreleasePool alloc] init]             forNSDictionary slide in slides                 Slide thisSlide  [[Slide alloc] initWithEntity[NSEntityDescription entityForNameSlide inManagedObjectContextself.managedOC] insertIntoManagedObjectContext self.managedOC]                 thisSlide.path  prj.path                 [thisSlide saveFile[slide objectForKeyfile]]                 [prj addSlidesObjectthisSlide]                 [thisSlide release]                 [slidePool drain]                                [prj release]         [result release]         [prjPool drain]             [self.managedOC unlock]     [totResult release]     [pool drain]  catch NSException  e    codepre
Negative 10594 pWhen I try to do things like codeltcif ...gt...ltcifgtcode inside a codeforminputcode tag I get the error in my console that the codeforminputcode has not been closed.p  pDoes anyone have an idea why this happens, and the cleanest solution maybe a codeset varcode and then coderesult of cifcodep
Negative 10594 pI have created a Maven2based GWT application, imported it into Eclipse, and when I Debug As a GWT Web Application, the Eclipse debug session suspends with a FileNotFoundException. It displays a window saying the source attachment does not contain the source for the file URLClassPath.class.p  pI have completely wiped out the Eclipse workspace and .metadata subdirectory, createdimported a blank project and the same thing happens. If I do strongRun Asstrong GWT Web Application it works ok with a couple of warnings. What do I need to tweak to get this working in debug modep  h2Steps to reproduce the problemh2  pstrong1 Create Applicationstrongp  pwebAppCreator noant maven XnoEclipse out MyApp com.example.MyAppp  pstrong2 Import and change settingsstrongp  ul lipThe application is imported into the Eclipse workspace, in the settings the Use Google Web Toolkit checkbox is ticked.pli lipThis project has a WAR directory is checked. The WAR directory is set to srcmainwebapp. The Launch and deploy from this directory is unchecked.pli ul  pstrong3 Debug Asstrongp  pNow the debug toolbar button is pressed, choose GWT Web Application, and select targetwww as the WAR directory. You should see the same problem. The call stack in the Debug pane contains the followingp  blockquote   pMyApp.html [Web Application]br   com.google.gwt.dev.DevMode at   localhost51620      Thread [main]   Suspended exception   FileNotFoundExceptionbr   URLClassPathJarLoader.getJarFileURL   line 644br   URLClassPathJarLoader.access600URLClassPathJarLoader,   URL line 540br   URLClassPathJarLoader1.run line   607br   AccessController.doPrivilegedPrivilegedExceptionAction   line not available [native method]br   URLClassPathJarLoader.ensureOpen   line 599br   URLClassPathJarLoader.URL,   URLStreamHandler,   HashMap line 583br   URLClassPathJarLoader3.run line   810br   AccessController.doPrivilegedPrivilegedExceptionAction   line not available [native method]br   URLClassPathJarLoader.getResourceString,   boolean, Set line 806br   URLClassPathJarLoader.getResourceString,   boolean line 765br   URLClassPath.getResourceString,   boolean line 169br   URLClassLoader1.run line 194br   AccessController.doPrivilegedPrivilegedExceptionAction,   AccessControlContext line not   available [native method]br   LauncherAppClassLoaderURLClassLoader.findClassString   line 190br   LauncherAppClassLoaderClassLoader.loadClassString,   boolean line 307br   LauncherAppClassLoader.loadClassString,   boolean line 301br   LauncherAppClassLoaderClassLoader.loadClassString   line 248   CProgram   FilesJavajdk1.6.021binjavaw.exe   28 Nov 2010 152832p blockquote  h2Versions and pluginsh2  pGWT 2.1.p  pEclipse Helios 3.6.p  pMaven 2.2.1.p  pJREJDK JDK 1.6.0.21.p  pGoogle Plugin for Eclipse 3.6 version 1.4.0.v201010280102.p  pMaven Integration for Eclipse m2eclipse version 0.10.2.201006231649 this has been configured to point to Maven 2.2.1 environment and NOT to use the embedded Maven3 instance.p
Negative 10594 precodeltMenuItem CommandlocalCommandLibrary.RegisterServiceCommandgt     ltMenuItem.CommandParametergt         ltMultiBinding ConverterStaticResource TrayWindowViewModelConverterResourcegt             ltMultiBinding.Bindingsgt                 ltBinding ElementNameMe gt                 ltBinding FallbackValueParser gt             ltMultiBinding.Bindingsgt         ltMultiBindinggt     ltMenuItem.CommandParametergt ltMenuItemgt  public class TrayWindowViewModelConverter  IMultiValueConverter      public object Convertobject[] values, Type targetType, object parameter, CultureInfo culture          var viewModel  new Window1ViewModel          foreach var obj in values              if obj is Window                 viewModel.Caller  obj as Window             else if obj is string                 viewModel.ServiceName  obj.ToString                   return viewModel           public object[] ConvertBackobject value, Type[] targetTypes, object parameter, CultureInfo culture          throw new NotImplementedException       codepre  pButton cammand is exactly same as MenuItem. when i debug Converter for MenuItem, values parameter contains two object DependencyProperty.UnsetValue Im not aware whats this and MyContextMenu object.p  pAnd also how can i pass SomeType as parameter Thanksp
Negative 10594 pAs part of my template I show some automatic links which are created in the applicationcontroller. Some of these links will offer a navigation direct from a show page to a corresponding edit page, and a few similar things.p  pMy current code includesp  precodenavlinks  ltlt namegtedit,urlgturlforaction gt edit codepre  pThis works great apart from I have child resources defined in my routes.rb file. p  pIn this case instead of navigating top  precodea1b2edit codepre  pIt navigates to p  precodeb2edit codepre  pwhich isnt a valid route.p  pAny ideas on how to accomplish this would be much appreciated. Im keen to avoid special case where at all possible.p
Negative 10594 pNow, I realize that there have been this type of question posed here before especially a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1542073xdocumentorxmldocumentthisa  which I think is a very good description of the two objects. My question is more around performance. Ive got several XML documents that are upwards of 100  300 K in size. Ive noticed that there is some lag when loading this information into an codeXDocumentcode rather than an codeXmlDocumentcode object. Is there a serious performance difference between these two objects Do they access the content of the XML differently When working with a string of XML, which is preferred, or is there a difference. The end use of these object is to run queries codeXPathcode or LINQ, depending on the object in question.p  pAgain, this is primarily a question of performance, relating to both memory and speed.p
Negative 10594 pIts quite frustrating not to be able to do such a simple task  I have an app with a single viewcontroller, and in  it a single UIImageView, thats initialized to a specific image at potrtait mode.p  pNow when the iPhone gets roteated to landscape mode and the shouldAutorotateToInterfaceOrientation event fires, at which I return YES, my resulting UIImageView looks totally screwed up either the image is stretched so to fill landscape mode frame which looks ridiculuous of course or the top and bottom of the image are cropped.p  pHow can I have my UIImageview and the contained image handle the device rotation gracefully, and display normal looking image at landscape mode as wellp
Negative 10594 pIm using Eclipse and I need to be able to add Java libraries JAR files into my web applications webinflib folder. How do I achieve thisp
Negative 10594 pIm looking for a WordPress plugin to manage and store data preferably in a separate database, or at least a separate table from the rest of WordPress .  Something along the lines of a hrefhttpwww.caspio.com relnofollowCaspio Bridgea or a hrefhttpswww.zoho.comcreator relnofollowZoho Creatora, but much simpler.  I dont need to be able to do much with it at the moment  just importexport csv and search through it.p  pWhenever I try and search for anything to do with databases and WordPress all I get is information on its database, so hoping someone here will have some suggestionsp
Negative 10594 pI installed a cygwin on my windows machine. There isnt a .vim directory in my cygwin home directory. How to install vim plugin in this casep  pBy the way, what plugins are suggested for HTMLCSSJavaScript developmentp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pIn a D2010 application I dop  precodeStringList.SaveToStream MemStream, TEncoding.Unicode codepre  pI then send this stream over the network to some client applications. This part of the code is fixed I cannot change itp  pNow I have a D2007 application that needs to receive this stream and convert it back to a string list. D2007 does not include Unicode support and the codeTEncodingcode class. How can I convert the stream into a string list Something similar top  precodeStringList.LoadFromStream MemStream, TEncoding.Unicode codepre  pin D2010...p  pThanks for any help.p
Negative 10594 pIve got some code that needs to scan through a hierarchical database schema, looking for properties defined in the schema that have certain interesting properties. I want to make a flat list of the names of these properties. p  pTo hopefully reduce confusion, Ill call the classes that are defined in the schema Kinds, because the schema does not describe a C class hierarchy.p  pThe schema is available to me as a tree of .NET objects I dont need to parse any XML or anything. The issue is that Ill be entering the schema tree at various points, and I need to make sure that Im aware of interesting properties that are being inherited from base kinds as well as those that are directly defined on the kind that Im currently looking at.p  precoderesults  new ListltPropertyDefinitiongt  foreach Kind objKind in objDescription.PossibleKinds       Iterate up the schema hierarchy     while objKind  null               foreach PropertyDefinition prop in objKind.PropertyDefinitions                      if prop.IsInteresting                 results.Addprop                   Move up a level in the hierarchical relationship         objKind  objKind.BaseKind       codepre  pAnyway, Im wondering if its possible to write an equivalent LINQ statement. The outermost foreach loops are trivial theres actually another one that Ive left out for clarity but Im not sure whether its possible to capture the iteration up the hierarchy in a LINQ query.p  precodevar query  from objKind in objDescription.PossibleKinds              What goes here             from prop in objKind.PropertyDescriptions             where prop.IsInteresting             select prop codepre  pI guess this is similar to writing a LINQ query that starts with a node in a linked list and keeps iterating through the linked list until it gets to the end. Is that possiblep
Negative 10594 pDoes someone has or know a php class to easily use SQLite3 on PHPp  pI has been using this one a hrefhttpcode.jenseng.comdb relnofollowhttpcode.jenseng.comdba but its for sqlite2 dbs.p  pI used it to execute queries and fetch arrays of results, Ive found one but its a huge code, I was looking for something simpler.p
Negative 10594 pSometimes when I extend one of my own classes, I want to for the purpose of the subclass inject one or two lines of code in the middle a method in the super class.p  pIn these cases I sometimes add a call to an empty protected method for the subclass to override.p  precodepublic void superClassMethod        some fairly long snippet of code      doSubclassSpecificStuff       some other fairly long snippet of code     dummy method used for overriding purposes only protected void doSubclassSpecificStuff   codepre  pWhen doing this several times in the same class I must say it looks quit awkward  ugly so my questionsp  ol liIs this way of opening up for subclasses to inject code in the middle of methods considered good practice or notli liIs the pattern antipattern called somethingli liHas it been used in any well known API  library Note that Im talking about nonabstract classes.li liAre there any better alternativesli ol  hr  pThe only alternative I can come up with is to use something like the command pattern and have a codesetMiddleOfMethodHandlerSomeRunnableHandlercode, and call codehandler.doSubclassSpecificStuffcode instead of the dummymethod. It has a few drawbacks as I see it though, such as for instance not being able to touch protected data.p
Negative 10594 pI have a textbox textBox1 as an example to which im periodically appending a character every second or so. I wish to make it so that when the text gets too long to fit in the textbox the overflow will actually go towards the left of the textbox even when its not focused instead of the normal behaviour which is to the right, this way the last character will always be shown. The way Ive done it is when Im adding the character im also doingp  precodetextBox1.ScrollToHorizontalOffsettextBox1.GetRectFromCharacterIndextextBox1.Text.Length.Right codepre  pThis works nicely until the length of the text gets long enough. After this point scrolling will just stop and the current left overflow will remain, but new overflow will go to the right of the textbox. For testing Im writing the current texts length and emtextBox1.GetRectFromCharacterIndextextBox1.Text.Length.Rightem to console on every updatep  pre... Length 22 Rect.Right 81.99 Length 23 Rect.Right 85.4 Length 24 Rect.Right 88.81 Length 25 Rect.Right 91.41 Length 26 Rect.Right 91.41 Length 27 Rect.Right 91.4099999999999 Length 28 Rect.Right 91.4099999999999 Length 29 Rect.Right 91.4099999999999 Length 30 Rect.Right 91.4099999999999 ... Length 47 Rect.Right 91.4099999999999 Length 48 Rect.Right 91.4099999999999 Length 49 Rect.Right 91.4099999999999 Length 50 Rect.Right 91.4099999999999 Length 51 Rect.Right 91.4099999999999 Length 52 Rect.Right 92.88 Length 53 Rect.Right 94.8199999999999 Length 54 Rect.Right 96.29 Length 55 Rect.Right 98.2299999999999 Length 56 Rect.Right 99.7 Length 57 Rect.Right 101.64pre  pBefore Text.Length is 25 the textbox is still wide enough to fit everything. After this point the text doesnt fit anymore and the scrolling works up until the length is 52.p
Negative 10594 p1 I can see that panelGrid has an attribute of footerClass, headerClass.How can i specify the footer and header contents, i guess via facets p  p2 And this leads to another question p  blockquote   pHow can i know if a jsf tag has facets or support any other nested tags p blockquote  pI know panelGrid support nested hpanelGroup, but i wonder what other nested tags are supported inside panelGrid tag p  p3 And basing on the attributes reference im having, i suppose cell merging colspan is not supported, am i correct p  p4 Is panelGrid replaceable by plain html table  I suppose panelGrid really eases us without all the tr and td tags, eases us in even  odd rows  columns css class specification, etc. But if i want to have fuller control of the table, like the width of each column, cell merging, id have to switch to HTML table, am i correct p
Negative 10594 pIm a big fan of the a hrefhttpbackpackit.comemail relnofollowemail feature available in Backpacka, where it creates a unique email address per backpack page, and any emails sent to that address will be posted to the page.p  pMy question is about how best to go about creating new email addresses automatically, and listening for new emails sent to those addresses.  Id like to do this from a C service Im not using ASP.Netp  ul liHas anyone tried to achieve this or something similar beforeli liAre there libraries preferably FLOSS already available which do this or would assist meli liIs it possible to do this using a cloudbased email service and if so, what service and a library for communicating with that service a hrefhttpsourceforge.netprojectshpop relnofollowOpenPop.Neta or similarli ul
Negative 10594 pOnce again, Im questioning a longstanding belief.p  pUntil today, I believed that the alignment of the following struct would normally be 4 and the size would normally be 5...p  precodestruct example    int   mAssume32Bits   char  mAssume8BitBytes  codepre  pBecause of this assumption, I have data structure code that uses offsetof to determine the distance in bytes between two adjacent items in an array. Today, I spotted some old code that was using sizeof where it shouldnt, couldnt understand why I hadnt had bugs from it, coded up a unit test  and the test surprised me by passing.p  pA bit of investigation showed that the sizeof the type I used for the test similar to the struct above was an exact multiple of the alignment  ie 8 bytes. It had padding after the final member. Here is an example of why I never expected this...p  precodestruct example2    example mExample   char    mWhyCantThisBeAtOffset6Bytes  codepre  pA bit of Googling showed examples that make it clear that this padding after the final member is allowed  for example a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiDatastructurealignmentDatastructurepaddinghttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiDatastructurealignmentDatastructurepaddinga the or at the end of the structure bit.p  pThis is a bit embarrassing, as I recently posted this comment  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4587470useofstructpadding45874894587489Use of struct paddinga my first comment to that answer.p  pWhat I cant seem to determine is whether this padding to an exact multiple of the alignment is guaranteed by the C standard, or whether it is just something that is permitted and that some but maybe not all compilers do.p  pSo  is the size of a struct required to be an exact multiple of the alignment of that struct according to the C standardp  pIf the C standard makes different guarantees, Im interested in that too, but the focus is on C.p
Negative 10594 pBelow is my Perl code. I need help withp  ol liphow to display the output into richedit when loading a text file containing a 100 line by line name list.pli lipafter displaying the output in richedit then a small message window popup window will come out and tell me your name list was successfully loaded.pli ol  hr  precodeuse Win32GUI  Win  new Win32GUIWindow     left   gt 341,     top    gt 218,     width  gt 300,     height gt 300,     name   gt Win,     text   gt Open File Read and Display Popup   WingtShow  WingtAddTextfield     text   gt Load Your File TXT Here,     name   gt Textfield1,     left   gt 4,     top    gt 24,     width  gt 278,     height gt 20,   WingtAddButton     text       gt Click Here To Load,     name       gt Button1,     left       gt 6,     top        gt 48,     width      gt 275,     height     gt 21,     foreground gt 0,     onClick    gt ampLoad1,    WingtAddRichEdit     text   gt ,     name   gt RichEdit1,     left   gt 5,     top    gt 72,     width  gt 275,     height gt 169,   WingtAddStatusBar     text   gt ,     name   gt StatusBar1,     left   gt 0,     top    gt 248,     width  gt 290,     height gt 17,   Win32GUIDialog  sub WinTerminate      return 1   sub Load1       my file1  Win32GUIGetOpenFileName         owner gt Win,                    Main window for modal dialog         title gt Load Name List ...,           Dialog title         filter gt [                       Filter file             Name List.txt gt .txt,             All files        gt .,         ],         directory gt .,                 Use current directory            Have select a file      if file1            Load file to animation control         WingtTextfield1gtText             file1            Or an error messagebox with error.     elsif Win32GUICommDlgExtendedError          Win32GUIMessageBox0, ERROR   . Win32GUICommDlgExtendedError, GetOpenFileName Error          WingtButton1gtTextEdit     file1  1  codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to deploy a war module part of a multi module project to a remote Jetty 6.0.1 container using Cargo 1.0.5, when I do  codemvn org.codehaus.cargocargomaven2plugin1.0.5deploycode codemvn cargodeploycode cant find the plugin for some reasonp  pI get a codeFailed to deploycode error, please see below the full stack trace and the relevant pom file, any help will be much appreciated,p  pRafael.  p  pcodemvn org.codehaus.cargocargomaven2plugin1.0.5deploycodep  precode[INFO] Scanning for projects... [INFO]  [INFO] Building RTP Matchbet API [INFO]    tasksegment [org.codehaus.cargocargomaven2plugin1.0.5deploy] [INFO]  Downloading http192.168.10.2108081nexuscontentgroupspublicopensymphonyquartz1.6.3quartz1.6.3.pom [INFO] Unable to find resource opensymphonyquartzpom1.6.3 in repository central httpcentral Downloading http192.168.10.2108081nexuscontentgroupspublicjettyjetty6.0.1jetty6.0.1.pom [INFO] Unable to find resource jettyjettypom6.0.1 in repository central httpcentral [INFO] [cargodeploy execution defaultcli] [INFO]  [ERROR] FATAL ERROR [INFO]  [INFO] Failed to deploy [CUsersrcastroDocumentsworkspacests2.3.2.RELEASErtpplatformmatchbetapitargetrtpmatchbetapi0.0.1SNAPSHOT.war] Response when calling http192.168.10.2108080cargojettydeployerdeploypathrtpmatchbetapi was [INFO]  [INFO] Trace org.codehaus.cargo.container.ContainerException Failed to deploy [CUsersrcastroDocumentsworkspacests2.3.2.RELEASErtpplatformmatchbetapitargetrtpmatchbetapi0.0.1SNAPSHOT.war]         at org.codehaus.cargo.container.jetty.JettyRemoteDeployer.deployJettyRemoteDeployer.java121         at org.codehaus.cargo.maven2.DeployerDeployMojo.performDeployerActionOnSingleDeployableDeployerDeployMojo.java80         at org.codehaus.cargo.maven2.AbstractDeployerMojo.performDeployerActionOnAllDeployablesAbstractDeployerMojo.java115         at org.codehaus.cargo.maven2.AbstractDeployerMojo.doExecuteAbstractDeployerMojo.java58         at org.codehaus.cargo.maven2.AbstractCargoMojo.executeAbstractCargoMojo.java268         at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultPluginManager.executeMojoDefaultPluginManager.java490         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeGoalsDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java694         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeStandaloneGoalDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java569         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeGoalDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java539         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeGoalAndHandleFailuresDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java387         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeTaskSegmentsDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java348         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java180         at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecuteDefaultMaven.java328         at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.executeDefaultMaven.java138         at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.mainMavenCli.java362         at org.apache.maven.cli.compat.CompatibleMain.mainCompatibleMain.java60         at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method         at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java39         at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java25         at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java597         at org.codehaus.classworlds.Launcher.launchEnhancedLauncher.java315         at org.codehaus.classworlds.Launcher.launchLauncher.java255         at org.codehaus.classworlds.Launcher.mainWithExitCodeLauncher.java430         at org.codehaus.classworlds.Launcher.mainLauncher.java375 Caused by org.codehaus.cargo.container.ContainerException Response when calling http192.168.10.2108080cargojettydeployerdeploypathrtpmatchbetapi was         at org.codehaus.cargo.container.jetty.JettyRemoteDeployer.deployJettyRemoteDeployer.java114         ... 23 more org.codehaus.cargo.container.ContainerException Response when calling http192.168.10.2108080cargojettydeployerdeploypathrtpmatchbetapi was         at org.codehaus.cargo.container.jetty.JettyRemoteDeployer.deployJettyRemoteDeployer.java114         at org.codehaus.cargo.maven2.DeployerDeployMojo.performDeployerActionOnSingleDeployableDeployerDeployMojo.java80         at org.codehaus.cargo.maven2.AbstractDeployerMojo.performDeployerActionOnAllDeployablesAbstractDeployerMojo.java115         at org.codehaus.cargo.maven2.AbstractDeployerMojo.doExecuteAbstractDeployerMojo.java58         at org.codehaus.cargo.maven2.AbstractCargoMojo.executeAbstractCargoMojo.java268         at org.apache.maven.plugin.DefaultPluginManager.executeMojoDefaultPluginManager.java490         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeGoalsDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java694         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeStandaloneGoalDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java569         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeGoalDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java539         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeGoalAndHandleFailuresDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java387         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeTaskSegmentsDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java348         at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeDefaultLifecycleExecutor.java180         at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecuteDefaultMaven.java328         at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.executeDefaultMaven.java138         at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.mainMavenCli.java362         at org.apache.maven.cli.compat.CompatibleMain.mainCompatibleMain.java60         at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method         at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java39         at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java25         at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java597         at org.codehaus.classworlds.Launcher.launchEnhancedLauncher.java315         at org.codehaus.classworlds.Launcher.launchLauncher.java255         at org.codehaus.classworlds.Launcher.mainWithExitCodeLauncher.java430         at org.codehaus.classworlds.Launcher.mainLauncher.java375 [INFO]  [INFO] Total time 6 seconds [INFO] Finished at Mon Jan 24 122245 GMT 2011 [INFO] Final Memory 13M247M [INFO]  codepre  pPOM filep  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltproject xmlnshttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0 xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocationhttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0 httpmaven.apache.orgxsdmaven4.0.0.xsdgt     ltmodelVersiongt4.0.0ltmodelVersiongt     ltgroupIdgtrtpltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtrtpmatchbetapiltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt0.0.1SNAPSHOTltversiongt     ltparentgt         ltgroupIdgtrtpltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtrtpplatformltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt0.0.1SNAPSHOTltversiongt     ltparentgt     ltpackaginggtwarltpackaginggt      ltbuildgt         ltpluginManagementgt             ltpluginsgt                 ltplugingt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.cargoltgroupIdgt                     ltartifactIdgtcargomaven2pluginltartifactIdgt                     ltversiongt1.0.5ltversiongt                     ltconfigurationgt                         ltcontainergt                             ltcontainerIdgtjetty6xltcontainerIdgt                             lttypegtremotelttypegt                             lttimeoutgt120000lttimeoutgt                         ltcontainergt                         ltconfigurationgt                             lttypegtruntimelttypegt                             ltpropertiesgt                                 ltcargo.hostnamegt192.168.10.210ltcargo.hostnamegt                                 ltcargo.servlet.portgt8080ltcargo.servlet.portgt                             ltpropertiesgt                         ltconfigurationgt                         ltdeployergt                             lttypegtremotelttypegt                             ltdeployablesgt                                 ltdeployablegt                                     ltgroupIdgtrtpltgroupIdgt                                     ltartifactIdgtrtpmatchbetapiltartifactIdgt                                     lttypegtwarlttypegt                                     ltpropertiesgt                                         ltcontextgtrtpmatchbetapiltcontextgt                                     ltpropertiesgt                                 ltdeployablegt                             ltdeployablesgt                         ltdeployergt                     ltconfigurationgt                     ltexecutionsgt                         ltexecutiongt                             ltidgtstartdeployltidgt                             ltphasegtinstallltphasegt                             ltgoalsgt                                 ltgoalgtdeployltgoalgt                             ltgoalsgt                         ltexecutiongt                     ltexecutionsgt                 ltplugingt             ltpluginsgt         ltpluginManagementgt     ltbuildgt      ltdependenciesgt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtrtpltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtrtpmatchbetcoreltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt0.0.1SNAPSHOTltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtrtpltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtrtpapiltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt0.0.1SNAPSHOTltversiongt             ltexclusionsgt                 ltexclusiongt                     ltartifactIdgtmx4jltartifactIdgt                     ltgroupIdgtmx4jltgroupIdgt                 ltexclusiongt             ltexclusionsgt         ltdependencygt     ltdependenciesgt ltprojectgt codepre
Negative 10594 pIm writing a fastexportfastimport suite for a hrefhttpwww.plasticscm.com relnofollowPlastic SCMaGit and Im finding some issues.p  pAs I read from the a hrefhttpwww.kernel.orgpubsoftwarescmgitdocsgitfastimport.html relnofollowdocumentationap  blockquote   pThis design allows a frontend program   to process an unlimited number of   branches simultaneously, generating   commits in the order they are   available from the source datap blockquote  pBut, implementing the exporter I see that you cant reference a commit that hasnt been created yet. For instance, suppose you introduce first the commit destination of the merge than the source, then you simply reference the source there, but it simply doesnt work.p  pSo, as far as I understand the sentence generating commits in the order they are available from the source is simply wrong and git fastimport really need the commits to be supplied in order and references can only exist to objects introduced BEFORE.p  pIs it correctp  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pDo web developers need to be concerned by the end of IPv4 Or is this strictly a hosting level concernp  pWhat can the average PHPJavaScriptAjax etc. developer do to mitigate the impact of the changeoverp  pDiscussp  pif this has come up before I apologies, but my search revealed nothingp
Negative 10594 pIve tried to add background size to IE but its not working at allp  pHTMLp  precodelth2 idnewsgtNotcias ltimg srcwhitemarker.png alt gtlth2gt codepre  pCSSp  precodedivcontent h2news      background url..imagesnewsbackground.jpg norepeat     backgroundsize 100     borderradius 20px     color fff     margin 20px 0 0 20px     padding 8px 20px     width 90     mozbackgroundsize 100     mozborderradius 20px     webkitbackgroundsize 100     webkitborderradius 20px  codepre  pWhats wrong with the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms53296928vvs.8529.aspxfilterap
Negative 10594 pI am using Delphi 7, BDE, and Interbase testing, Oracle Production.  p  pI have two tables Master, Responses  p  pI need to step through the Responses table, use its MasterId field to look it up in Master table id for matching record and update a date field in the Master table with a date field in the Responses tablep  pCan this be done in SQL, or do i actually have to create two TTables or TQueries and step through each recordp  pExamplep  pOpen two tables Table1, Table2p  precodewith Table1 do begin  first  while not EOF do  begin   get masterid field   locate in id field in table 2   edit record in table 2   next  end end   codepre  pthanksp
Negative 10594 pURl of page  a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comresourcestutorialsnotepadindex.html relnofollowhttpdeveloper.android.comresourcestutorialsnotepadindex.htmla Under Preparing for the Exercise the instructions say to p  ol liDownload the project exercises archive .zip.li liUnpack the archive file to ema suitable locationem on your machine.li liOpen the NotepadCodeLab folder.li ol  pQUESTION 1  strongWhat is considered a suitable locationstrong I unpacked the samples to.br       cDevelopmentNotePadTutorieal    br BUT I dont want to modify the files here. Sometimes I need or just want to work the tutorial 2 or 3 times from scratch, and would prefer my base files serve as an untouched template, so I can restart from scratch if necessary. Id like to have the working code for the tutoriel end up where all my other Android Projects are stored at emcDevelopmenteclipse...em but weather I select Create Project from from existing source  or  Create project from existing sample it seems to leave the files where they are, and work on them in suite modifying what Id like to keep as a reusable template  Am I missing somethingp  pThanks in advance for any helpful comments. Joep
Negative 10594 pI have a table Fixture with three fields.p  precodeID  Fixture  Date  1   123456    20110515 2   123446    20110512 3   123476    20110411 4   123486    20110310 codepre  p...and so on. p  pI need to group the records by date and want to get fixture counts.p  pResults would display like the following example. How can I achieve the results from SQL Queryp  precodeArchives  February 2011 3 January 2011 6 December 2010 10 November 2010 7 October 2010 5 codepre  pI need community help to solve this issue, kindly help me out.p
Negative 10594 precodeahover  span  backgroundyellow  ahover gt span  backgroundyellow  ahover  span  backgroundyellow  codepre  pThe first two selectors work just fine. However, the third selector does not workp  pDemo a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netUAHw7 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netUAHw7ap  pWhy p  hr  pstrongUpdatestrong I fired up all my browsers ...p  pOpera 11  Worksbr Safari 5  Worksbr Firefox 3.6  Worksbr IE9 RC  Worksbr Chrome 9  Does not workp  pA Chrome issue then ...p  hr  h2Note As Chrome no longer contains this bug, this question is obsolete.h2
Negative 10594 pThe usual approach with recursive data structures is to have a parent pointer in each object. My problem is that the usual implementation cant answer the questions below in a single operation instead I need to query my database several times. Is there a solution which gives me the result in a single queryp  ul lipGet a list of all children of a nodepli lipFind all parent nodes  shortest path to the root nodepli ul  pNote Im in the planning stage, so Im not yet limited to a certain database.p
Negative 10594 pI am having a go at creating some custom controls based on specific configurations that I use.p  pMy first one, is simply to create a standard exit button.  However, its not working how I think.  Essentially, I want the default text to be Exit Application, when it is added to the form.  Unfortunately, the two ways that I have thought of, dont actually show that, instead it shows the name of the button class, i.e. CustomExitButton1.  This is the two ways I have triedp  precodepublic class StandardExitButton  Button       public StandardExitButton              this.ControlAdded  new ControlEventHandlerStandardExitButtonControlAdded           void StandardExitButtonControlAddedobject sender, ControlEventArgs e              Text  Exit Application       codepre  pAndp  precodepublic class StandardExitButton  Button       public StandardExitButton              this.Text  Exit Application         codepre
Negative 10594 pI want to convert a string such as ab,ac,ad,be into a dict of lists a [b, c, d], b [e] in Python 2.6.p  pMy current solution is thisp  precodedef merged1, d2     for k, v in d2.items         if k in d1             if typed1[k]  typelist                 d1[k]  listd1[k]             d1[k].appendv         else             d1[k]  listv     return d1  record  ab,ac,ad,be  print reducemerge, mapdict,[[x.split] for x in record.split,] codepre  pwhich Im sure is unnecessarily complicated.p  pAny better solutions p
Negative 10594 pI have a JTable using codesetAutoCreateRowSortertruecode and a RowSorterListener attached, per below, because I need to perform some operations elsewhere in my application upon a sort of the JTable. p  pI find that whenever I click a column header to sort, the JTable redisplays the rows in the proper order and the listener is called, but the TableModel I pull out is always the original presort table model. p  precodetable.getRowSorter.addRowSorterListenernew RowSorterListener    Override   public void sorterChangedRowSorterEvent rsevent      rsevent.getSource.getModel  Nope, original ordering here     table.getModel  Same thing     codepre  pHow do I get the new postsort ordering of the rows, as is now displayed in the JTable p
Negative 10594 pI need some help. I want that my app runs without status bar. p  pre [[UIApplication sharedApplication] setStatusBarHiddenYES] pre  pI put this line into appDelegate in p  pre BOOLapplicationUIApplication application didFinishLaunchingWithOptionsNSDictionary launchOptions pre  pMaybe exist better placep
Negative 10594 pIve been trying to understand why I get a divide by zero encountered Msg 8134 with my SQL query, but I must be missing something. I would like like to know the strongwhystrong for the specific case below, I am strongnotstrong looking for codeNULLIFcode, codeCASE WHEN...code or similar as I already know about them and can of course use them in a situation as the one below.p  pI have an SQL statement with a computed column similar top  precodeSELECT     TotalSize,     FreeSpace,     FreeSpace  TotalSize  100 FROM     tblComputer ...[ couple of joins ]... WHERE     SomeCondition  SomeValue codepre  pRunning this statement errors with the above mentioned error messages, which, in itself, is not the problem  obviously codeTotalSizecode might well be 0 and therefore cause the error. p  pNow what I dont understand is that I do not have any rows where the codeTotalSizecode column is 0 when I comment the computed column out, I double checked that this isnt the case.p  pThen I thought that for some reason the column computation would be performed on the whole result set strongbeforestrong actually filtering with the conditions of the where clause, but this a wouldnt make sense imho and b when trying to reproduce the error with a test setup everything works fine see belowp  precodeINSERT INTO tblComputer ComputerName, IsServer VALUES PC0001,1 INSERT INTO tblComputer ComputerName, IsServer VALUES PC0002,1 INSERT INTO tblComputer ComputerName, IsServer VALUES PC0003,1 INSERT INTO tblComputer ComputerName, IsServer VALUES PC0004,0 INSERT INTO tblComputer ComputerName, IsServer VALUES PC0005,1 INSERT INTO tblComputer ComputerName, IsServer VALUES PC0006,0 INSERT INTO tblComputer ComputerName, IsServer VALUES PC0007,1  INSERT INTO tblHDD ComputerID, TotalSize, FreeSpace VALUES 1,100,21 INSERT INTO tblHDD ComputerID, TotalSize, FreeSpace VALUES 2,100,10 INSERT INTO tblHDD ComputerID, TotalSize, FreeSpace VALUES 3,100,55 INSERT INTO tblHDD ComputerID, TotalSize, FreeSpace VALUES 4,0,10 INSERT INTO tblHDD ComputerID, TotalSize, FreeSpace VALUES 5,100,23 INSERT INTO tblHDD ComputerID, TotalSize, FreeSpace VALUES 6,100,18 INSERT INTO tblHDD ComputerID, TotalSize, FreeSpace VALUES 7,100,11   This statement does not throw an error as apparently the row for ComputerID 4   is filtered out before computing the FreeSpace  TotalSize  100 SELECT  TotalSize, FreeSpace, FreeSpace  TotalSize  100 FROM  tblComputer JOIN tblHDD ON tblComputer.ID  tblHDD.ComputerID WHERE IsServer  1 codepre  pI am quite stumped and would like to know what the reason is.p  pAny ideas or pointers into the right direction are very welcome, thanks in advancep  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pThank you so far for your input, but unfortunately I seem not to be getting closer to the root of the problem. I managed to strip the statement down a little bit and now have the case that I can execute it without errors if one JOIN is removed I would need it for additional columns in the output which I temporarily removed.p  pI do not understand, why using the JOIN leads to the error, shouldnt a standard INNER JOIN always either return the same number of rows or stronglessstrong, but never strongmorestrongp  pstrongWorking codestrongp  precodeSELECT  TotalSize, FreeSpace FreeSpace  TotalSize  100 FROM  MyTable1 INNER JOIN  MyTable2 ON MyTable1.ID  MyTable2.Table1ID WHERE  SomeCondition codepre  pstrongError causing codestrongp  precodeSELECT  TotalSize, FreeSpace FreeSpace  TotalSize  100 FROM  MyTable1 INNER JOIN  MyTable2 ON MyTable1.ID  MyTable2.Table1ID  This JOIN causes divide by zero encountered error INNER JOIN  MyTable3 ON MyTable2.ID  MyTable3.Table2ID WHERE  SomeCondition codepre  pI also tried my luck using a cursor and looping over the result row by row, but in that case no error occurred no matter, which of the two statements above I tried.p  pSorry for the messy code indentation, somehow the correct formatting doesnt seem to be applied.p  pG.p
Negative 10594 pHow can I create a transparent window in Qt for Linux. I tried the following, but it doesnt workp  precodemyWidgetmyWidgetQWidget parent  QWidgetparent, QtFramelessWindowHint     setWindowOpacity0.4  codepre
Negative 10594 pHi Experts How I Can convert this statement to Expression treep  precodexgtx.Containsbla codepre  pthanksp
Negative 10594 pTwo questions here really why is this happening And what can be done about itp  pSorry the questions so long but most of it is just codeprintrcode outputp  pBasically, I start with a flat array of tags codetagscode each with an codeidcode array index, codenamecode and codeparentidcode. I then recursively iterate over codetagscode and nest all child tags within their parent. see belowp  pIt works see below for output. But the problem Im having is that my flat array of tags is being written to from within the function that does the nestingrecursion. see belowp  pFlat array of tagsp  precodeArray      [1] gt stdClass Object                      [name] gt instruments             [parentid] gt 0               [2] gt stdClass Object                      [name] gt strings             [parentid] gt 1               [3] gt stdClass Object                      [name] gt violin             [parentid] gt 2               [4] gt stdClass Object                      [name] gt cello             [parentid] gt 2               [5] gt stdClass Object                      [name] gt woodwind             [parentid] gt 1               [6] gt stdClass Object                      [name] gt flute             [parentid] gt 5           codepre  pThis is the recursively called function to nest the child tags. The problem is inside the codeifcode I assign codetagcode to codetree[i]code and then add the codechildrencode property to it. This results in the codechildrencode property being added to codetagcode. This is what I want to stop happening.p  precodepublic function tagstotreetags, parentid  0      tree  array     foreachtags as i gt tag               add this tag node and all children depthfirst recursive         ifintvalparentid  intvaltaggtparentid                      tree[i]  tag             tree[i]gtchildren  thisgttagstotreetags, i                   return tree  codepre  pNested tags outputp  precodeArray      [1] gt stdClass Object                      [name] gt instruments             [parentid] gt 0             [children] gt Array                                      [2] gt stdClass Object                                                      [name] gt strings                             [parentid] gt 1                             [children] gt Array                                                                      [3] gt stdClass Object                                                                                      [name] gt violin                                             [parentid] gt 2                                                                               [4] gt stdClass Object                                                                                      [name] gt cello                                             [parentid] gt 2                                                                                                                         [5] gt stdClass Object                                                      [name] gt woodwind                             [parentid] gt 1                             [children] gt Array                                                                      [6] gt stdClass Object                                                                                      [name] gt flute                                             [parentid] gt 5                                                                                                                               codepre  pWhat can I do differently when adding the codechildrencode property to codetree[i]code, or when assigning codetagcode to codetree[i]code to stop this from happeningp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pIm going to bootstrap this question with a previous one I askedbr a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5307731linqtosqlmultiplejoinsonmultiplecolumnsisthispossibleLINQ to SQL Multiple joins ON multiple Columns. Is this possibleap  pSo I have a LINQ queryp  precodevar query      from t1 in myTABLE1List  ListltTABLE1gt     join t2 in myTABLE1List       on new  t1.ColumnA, t1.ColumnB  equals new  t2.ColumnA, t2.ColumnB      join t3 in myTABLE1List       on new  t2.ColumnA, t2.ColumnB  equals new  t3.ColumnA, t3.ColumnB    select new t1.ColumnA, t2.ColumnA, t3.ColumnA   Duplicate Anon type ColumnA codepre  pHow can I resolve thisp
Negative 10594 pLets say I have a multiple select boxp  precodeltselect idsel multiplemultiplegt     ltoption value1gtOneltoptiongt     ltoption value2gtTwoltoptiongt     ltoption value9gtNineltoptiongt     ltoption value10gtTenltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre  pTo select items, you can hold down kbdCtrlkbd and click on individual items.  I want to save the data from this select box after the user is done selecting items.  How can I do thatp  pI thought of using codesetTimeoutcode and saving 500ms after the codeonChangecode event is triggered, but I dont know if this is the best idea.p  precodesel.changefunction     setTimeoutsaveData, 500  codepre  pI know I could add a Save button, but I want to save the data on the fly.p  pWhat is the best way to save data from a multiple select box on the fly after the user selects itemsp
Negative 10594 precode  1 namespace db do   2   desc Fill database with sample videos   3   task populate gt environment do   4     require faker   5     RakeTask[dbreset].invoke   6     100.times do n   7       headline  FakerLorem.sentence3   8       video  FakerLorem.words5   9       Video.createheadline gt headline,  10                   video gt video  11     end  12   end  13 end codepre  pI currently have this rake task in libtaskssampledata.rbp  pWhen running coderake dbpopulatecode I get the error, codeDont know how to build task dbpopulatecode. How do I get around thisp  pNotes I am a newbie in RailsRuby. I am using Rails 3.p
Negative 10594 pHow can I insert NULL value into INT column with MySQL Is it possiblep
Negative 10594 pI there a place where I can do some housekeeping activities if an Android application crashes for some reason Some things like closing handles, connections etcp
Negative 10594 pIs it possible to transmit text from the standard browser to my own app  Are there maybe any broadcast intents that i can listen to when selecting text in the browserp  pthe only thing i know is, that theres an intent triggered when sharing a page, but thats not what im looking for.p
Negative 10594 pI Have a Table Accommodation with All information about a holiday home. Inc ID Name etc. I have another Table Schedule with a Schedule ID, Date and Price I have a final table to join the two SchdAccom with A schdaccom id, the AccomodationID and Schdule ID.p  pWhat this allows is me to add dates a holiday home is available for use by linking its id with an id of a date and 1 home can link with many datesprice. p  pHeres my issue I can query this fine no problem works great but im unsure how to go about inserting new ones. For instance, at the moment you as an admin select the holiday home click a button to see the dates and a gridview pulls this info. I want to be able to add more dates but the tableadapter wont generate insert code.p  pAny idea on how to go about thisp
Negative 10594 pA registration page in a site Im working on collects information on 2 named contacts, who are strongrequiredstrong to have email addresses and telephone numbers which do not overlap with one another.p  pI use several strongrequiredfieldvalidatorsstrong, strongregularexpressionvalidatorsstrong, strongCompareValidatorsstrong and some strongcustomvalidatorsstrong.p  pstrongSTAGING Firefoxstrong When I view this page using Firefox, all is fine. p  pstrongStaging Chromestrong When I view it using Chrome anything to do with validators is missing from the HTML source of the rendered page. The javascript and tags pertaining to said validation is completely absent from these pages.p  pstrongLocal  Chromestrong All fine againp  pSo what am I doing wrongp  hr  pstrongUpdatesstrongp  ul liStaging machine has .Net 3.5 SP1. Local machine has 3.5 SP1 and 4.0 li liSystemRootMicrosoft.NETFramework strongv2.0.50727strongCONFIGBrowsers folder is same on both machines.li liTried removing browser files from SystemRootMicrosoft.NETFramework strongv4.0.30319strongConfigBrowsers on local dev machine. No effect. Validators still work when referencing local Serverli ul  hr  pstrongSOLVEDstrong Full marks to Will because without his help below I would have spent hours at this.p  pTechnically the incorrect browser sniffing was down to some rouge browsercaps info in one of the web.configs in the solution. the differences between dev and deploy came about because web.config differs in these scenariosp
Negative 10594 pIn an codeActiveRecordBasecode model, I can reset the state of the model to what it was when I got it from the database with codereloadcode, as long as the attribute Im setting maps to a table columnp  precodeuser  User.first user.email gt emaildomain.com user.email  examplesite.com user.email gt examplesite.com user.reload user.email gt emaildomain.com codepre  pBut if I add a custom attribute, the only way Ive found to have it act the same is like thisp  precodeclass User lt ActiveRecordBase   attraccessor useragent    def reload     super     self.useragent  nil     self   end end codepre  pMy question is, is there some API to make nondatabasecolumnattributes reset on reload Something likep  precodeclass User lt ActiveRecordBase    this   reloadableattraccessor useragent    or this   def useragent     useragent   end    def useragentvalue     setinstancevarthatresetsonreloaduseragent, value   end end codepre  pDoes that exist in Rails somewherep
Negative 10594 pThis is what I have nowp  precodetemplatelttemplatelttypename Tgt class container, typename Tgt inline bool contains const containerltTgt ampcont, const T ampelement       if cont.size  0          return false      return stdfindcont.begin, cont.end, element  cont.end   codepre  pAn Id like to call it like sop  precodestdvectorltstringgt stringvector contains stringvector, somestring  codepre  pI believe this should be possible, but everything Ive tried throws up a different error. Any help is appreciated. Thanksp  pUPDATE Thanks for all the answers already, I was looking too far, but Im still having problemsp  precodetemplateltclass containertype, typename Tgt inline bool containsconst containertypeamp c, const Tamp e      return c.size ampamp stdfindc.begin,c.end,ec.end   int mainint argc, char argv[]      vectorltstringgt stringvector     stringvector.pushbackhello     cout ltlt contains stringvector, stringhello      return 0  codepre  pfails to compile, even without the explicit string constructorp  precodeerror no matching function for call to findstdvectorltstdbasicstringltchargt gtconstiterator, stdvectorltstdbasicstringltchargt gtconstiterator, const stdbasicstringltchargtamp codepre
Negative 10594 pLet me explain the concept with the bricks before starting with the questions.p  pThe game is a puzzle game. I have a grid which is 6x6. I have bricks on all squares of the grid except for one. The reason for the empty square which always starts at 5x5 in the beginning of the game is that the bricks will only be able to move if they have the empty square next to them. The direction they will move to will be towards the empty square. In other words, they will then swap places with the empty square upon touch. You could say that the movement and visual parts looks almost like the slider picture game. The game concept though is different.p  pMy first question is that I for some reason can only move the bricks in one direction. I should be able to move them in all four directions UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT. Ive checked with NSLog and saw that its only the UIImages on the screen that update to new positions. not the actual position inside the code. in other words... the code seem to think that the bricks still are on the start position even after the brick on the screen has moved to another square. What is the best way to update positions inside the code so I can move to any of the four directionsp  pMy second question is that the brick that is located at the 4x5 position on the grid which is left of the empty square seem to get two positions at the price of one when I check with NSLog. this causes the brick to become disoriented and will not move properly which is only one step. the brick should only get one position which is x 4 y 5 and not x4 y 5, x 5 y  5. Ive located the issue to the empty square on the grid. without it the bricks movement is fine. Is there a way to solve this issue since the empty square is a part of the game p  precodeIBOutlet UIImageView grid[BRICKWIDTH][BRICKHEIGHT] NSString brickTypes[6]  Putting the bricks on the grid voidcreatebricks          brickTypes[0]  Chen.png      brickTypes[1]  Kankin.png      brickTypes[2]  Kayab.png      brickTypes[3]  kej.png     brickTypes[4]  kumku.png     brickTypes[5]  mak.png       empty spot in the bottom right corner of the grid     blankPosition  CGPointMake5, 5      int Bx  blankPosition.x     int By  blankPosition.y      NSLogCreateBricks, Startposition, blankPosition.x  Bx d, Bx     NSLogCreateBricks, Startposition, blankPosition.y  By d, By       for int y  0 y lt BRICKHEIGHT y              for int x  0 x lt BRICKWIDTH x                        CGPoint orgPosition  CGPointMakex,y              if blankPosition.x  orgPosition.x ampamp blankPosition.y  orgPosition.y                  continue                            UIImage image  [UIImage imageNamed brickTypes [rand  6]]             grid[x][y]  [[[UIImageView alloc] initWithImageimage] autorelease]             CGRect newFrame  grid[x][y].frame              newFrame.origin  CGPointMakex  4852, y  497                 grid[x][y].frame  newFrame              [self.view addSubviewgrid[x][y]]              NSLogGrid x d, x             NSLogGrid y d, y             [image release]                     Valid moves UP, DOWN, LEFT or RIGHT  Move validMoveint brickX Yposition int brickY      NSLogvalidmode, Current Xposition, brickX d, brickX     NSLogvalidmode, Current Yposition, brickY d, brickY        blank spot above current brick      if brickX  blankPosition.x ampamp brickY  blankPosition.y1          return UP          NSLogUP            bank splot below current brick     if brickX  blankPosition.x ampamp brickY  blankPosition.y1          return DOWN          NSLogDown            bank spot left of the current brick     if brickX  blankPosition.x1 ampamp brickY  blankPosition.y          return LEFT         NSLogLeft            bank spot right of the current brick     if brickX  blankPosition.x1 ampamp brickY  blankPosition.y          return RIGHT          NSLogRight           return NONE    Animation of the direction of the movement  void movePiece int brickX YPosition int brickY inDirectionX int dx inDirectionY int dy withAnimation BOOL animate       NSLogMovePiece in Direction, Xposition, brickX d, brickX     NSLogMovePiece in Direction, Yposition, brickY d, brickY     NSLogMovePiece in Direction, inDirectionX, dx d, dx     NSLogMovePiece in Direction, inDirectionY, dy d, dy      currentPosition  CGPointMakebrickX dx,brickY  dy      int Dx  currentPosition.x      int Dy  currentPosition.y      NSLogMovePiece in Direction, CurrentPosition.x BrickXdx  Dx d, Dx     NSLogMovePiece in Direction, CurrentPosition.y BrickYdy  Dy d, Dy      blankPosition  CGPointMakeblankPosition.xdx, blankPosition.ydy      int Bx  blankPosition.x     int By  blankPosition.y      NSLogMovePiece in Direction, Movedposition, blankPosition.x blankPosition.xdx  Bx d, Bx     NSLogMovePiece in Direction, Movedposition, blankPosition.y blankPosition.ydy  By d, By      if animate          [UIView beginAnimationsframe contextnil]           Moving the brick to its new location         grid[brickX][brickY].frame  CGRectMakeDx  4852, Dy  497, 50, 50       if animate          [UIView commitAnimations]           [sharedSoundManager playSoundWithKeymovingbricks gain0.13f pitch1.0f shouldLoopNO]    Which direction the brick will move to  void movePieceint brickX YPosition int brickY withAnimationBOOL animate      NSLogMovePiece with Animation, Current Xposition, brickX d, brickX     NSLogMovePiece with Animation, Current Xposition, brickY d, brickY      switch[self validMovebrickX YpositionbrickY]          case UP              [self movePiece brickX YPosition brickY inDirectionX0 inDirectionY1 withAnimationanimate]              NSLogUP              NSLog              break          case DOWN              [self movePiecebrickX YPosition brickY inDirectionX0 inDirectionY1 withAnimationanimate]              NSLogDOWN              NSLog              break          case LEFT              [self movePiecebrickX YPosition brickY inDirectionX1 inDirectionY0 withAnimationanimate]              NSLogLEFT              NSLog              break          case RIGHT              [self movePiecebrickX YPosition brickY inDirectionX1 inDirectionY0 withAnimationanimate]              NSLogRIGHT              NSLog              break          default             break         Get the point on the screen but inside the grid where the touch was made  void getPieceAtPointCGPoint point      CGRect touchRect  CGRectMakepoint.x, point.y, 1.0, 1.0      NSLoggetPieceAtPoint, point.x  d , point.x     NSLoggetPieceAtPoint, point.y  d , point.y      for int y  0 y lt BRICKHEIGHT y          for int x  0 x lt BRICKWIDTH x              if CGRectIntersectsRect[grid[x][y] frame], touchRect                   NSLoggetPieceAtPoint, Forloop, X  d , x                 NSLoggetPieceAtPoint, Forloop, Y  d , y                  [self movePiecex YPositiony withAnimationYES]                                     voidtouchesEndedNSSet touches withEventUIEvent event       NSLogtouchesEnded         ifGamePaused          int Bx  blankPosition.x         int By  blankPosition.y          NSLogtouchesEnded, blankPosition.x  Bx d, Bx         NSLogtouchesEnded, blankPosition.y  By d, By          int Dx  currentPosition.x          int Dy  currentPosition.y          NSLogtouchesEnded, CurrentPosition.x  Dx d, Dx         NSLogtouchesEnded, CurrentPosition.y  Dy d, Dy          UITouch touch  [touches anyObject]         CGPoint currentTouch  [touch locationInViewself.view]             [self getPieceAtPointcurrentTouch]        codepre
Negative 10594 pi have to use a custom odbc driver.p  pAll i need to pass as a connection string is the DSN.p  pHow do i do this with fluentnhibernate FluentNHibernate.Cfg.Db does only offer a OdbcConnectionStringBuilder class with an DSN method. How do i use this p
Negative 10594 pHow can a user destroy a service outside of the app. I made an app that the user can never Exit because the main activity disables the back button, but now my service notification cant be removed there will eventually be conditions on when it is shown, but not right now I know that android manages the memory when the app is in the background like that, but if I really wanted to close that service, how would this be donep
Negative 10594 pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pstrongI found the answer and provided belowstrongp  pDear All,p  pI want to insert into a table  1 Based on condition on other table 2 and using ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE on the first table.p  pThe following query I wrote which is syntactically wrong  . Could you please help me on the correct query for this p  precodeINSERT INTO myallcount type,code,count values  0,1,1  ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE count  count  1  WHERE NOT EXISTS     select 1 from myregcount    where countrycodeCurrCountry and type0 and code0 codepre  phere  1 I want to insert into table myallcount 2 type,code is a key and if it exists increasing county by 1  3 Insert only when it is not exists in myregcountp  pThanks for your helpp  pRegardsp  pKiranp
Negative 10594 pDoes anyone have ideas to securely encode a small amount of data into approximately 8 characters I have a project Flash and Flex AS3 not that it really matters that must be deployed on CDDVDROM no local storage nor network access but with a requirement to allow people to come back where they left off. Therefore there will need to be a code that is humanfriendly to print on deadtree or PDF or write down and to enter back into an input field, as well as being secure to stop cheating between different students.p  pThere are 14 assessment items that can be completed in any order. At the moment I CRC32 their login name and take 16 bits from that result, and combine them with the 14 assessment bits into 30 bits that is then encoded using a form of Base32, giving 6 characters, then adding a check character, then using a character replacement for encryption. Upon return to the program and entering the 7 character progress code, after decryption and extraction, if there is a match in the name hash parts, it is assumed the completion bits are correct.p  pOne problem identified was that only two characters change when completing each item. Is there some algorithm that would completely change the entire string if any one bit changes Or is there a completely better way Id also like to store more data dates, more bits for the hash to reduce collisions, location within the course, etc but dont want to go above 8 or 10 characters.p
Negative 10594 pIn the following code, command is a DbCommand that has already been set upp  precodeusing var dataReader  command.ExecuteReader The actual execution of the query takes relatively little time.                   while dataReader.Read                        These are what take all of the time. Replacing them all with reader.GetValues myArray  has no impact.                     val0  dataReader.GetValue 0                      val1  dataReader.GetValue 1                      val2  dataReader.GetValue 2                                codepre  pThe bulk of the time for the query I am currently working with is spent doing the GetValue calls. Is it making a round trip to the database for each GetValue call It seems like it is, and this seems very inefficient. As the code notes, attempting to do it in one shot using GetValues does not make a difference. Is there a way to get the entire row in one shot Better yet, is there a way to get the entire result set in one shotp  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pI found this example codep  precodepublic IQueryableltTgt GetltTgtObjectSetltTgt obj where T  class      Type type  typeofT     var x  type.GetInterfaceIMyInterface      if x  null              var property  type.GetPropertyMyStringField         var parameter  Expression.ParametertypeofT, it         ExpressionltFuncltT, boolgtgt predicate              ExpressionltFuncltT, boolgtgtExpression.Lambda                 Expression.Equal                     Expression.MakeMemberAccessparameter, property,                     Expression.ConstantMyValue,                 parameter         ...       codepre  pWhat I really need is to apply a StartsWith condition codeStartsWithMyValuecode and apply another condition like  for my another codeintcode property.p  pHow can I modify the code to do thisp
Negative 10594 pI follow a hrefhttprailscasts.comepisodes197nestedmodelformpart2 relnofollowRyans tutoriala to add masterdetail rows by Javascriptp  precodedef sheetaddrowlinkformbuilder   linktofunction Add do page     formbuilder.fieldsfor sheetdetails, SheetDetail.new, childindex gt NEWROW do f       html  renderpartial gt sheetdetail, locals gt  df gt f        page ltlt sheetdetails.insert bottom escapejavascripthtml.replaceNEWROWg, new Date.getTime      end   end end codepre  pHow can I limit to maximum number of rows to 10, instead of unlimitedp  pUpdate, with detail partial code, codesheetdetail.html.erbcodep  precodeltdiv classsheetdetailgt           ltdiv classlt detailrow  viewrow.tos gtgt       ltdiv iddetailmodelgt lt df.select model, models gt ltdivgt       ltdiv iddetailquantitygt  lt df.textfield quantity gt ltdivgt     ltdivgt      ltdiv styleclearbothgtltdivgt      ltdivgt codepre  pif I putp  precodepage ltlt ifsheetdetail.length lt 5 sheetdetails.insert bottom escapejavascripthtml.replaceNEWROWg, new Date.getTime  codepre  pit returns errorp  precode FAILSAFE   Mon May 02 221822 0800 2011   Status 500 Internal Server Error   sampleapphelperssheetshelper.rb7 syntax error, unexpected tIDENTIFIER, expecting kEND ...  page ltlt ifsheetdetail.length lt 5 sheetdetai...                                codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a javascript function which  contain file name, folder id, etc and store the  values  in cookies, and try to access the value in page load of FileUploader.aspx.  below is my javascript functionp  precodefunction cookieFileUploadername, value      debugger      var date  new Date      date.setTimedate.getTime  COOKIEXPIRINGTIME         var expires   expires  date.toGMTString          var encodedDocumentName  encodeURIvalue           Encoder.EncodeType  entity         var Encodedoc  Encoder.htmlEncodevalue         document.cookie  name    Encodedoc  expires   path       document.cookie  name    value  expires   path     winstyle  width390, height335,margintop0,scrollbarsno,toolbarno, menubarno,resizableno,directoriesno,locationno     progressIndicatorWindow  window.openFileUploader.aspx, mywindow, winstyle   codepre  pnow I want to pass the filename with japanese and chinese characters.while i am doing so the file changed in pageload with some square values. i tried encoding the file name in javascript using encodeURI and try to decode in pageload using server.htmldecode. Is it right way if not so please provide me a right solution.I want the filename in pageload event of fileUploader,.aspxp
Negative 10594 pIn Propel  using in Symfony , I am using the followingp  pdata  ObjectPeerdoSelectmyCriteria  myCriteria is Criteria Objectp  pHow can I iterate over the datap
Negative 10594 pI m having a 2d arraylist and inside a loop i want to parse every 1d list of the 2d list to a temporary list. Also I want at the end of every iteration i want to clear this temporary list so to the next step to parse the iest list of my initial 2d.p  pThe code its the followingp  precode ListltListltIntegergtgt conVert  new ArrayListltListltIntegergtgt  ListltIntegergt temp  new ArrayListltIntegergt  for int i  0 iltconVert.size i     temp.addAllconVert.geti     Collections.sorttemp     System.out.printlntemp      forint j  0 jlttemp.size j          several commands          temp.clear   codepre  pI have several commands which is not function well due to that temp doesnt clear properly. Any idea When i put in clear in the beggining i m having problems with conVert,p
Negative 10594 pIm using a view and drawing over a bitmap some text,it does not have a fixed size, so I want the text to fit the rectangle I define and if its needed split the string in some lines. I dont know how to do it in android. I found one solution using StaticLayout, but doesnt work. Here is my codep  precodeBitmap arBitmap  BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetResources, R.drawable.arbitmap canvas.drawBitmaparBitmap ,bitmapPos,20,  nullll Paint paint  new Paint  paint.setStylePaint.Style.FILL  paint.setColorColor.WHITE canvas.drawTexttextToDisplay,textPos , 35, paint codepre  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pstrongProblemstrongp  pUsing Flash Builder Burrito I have created a Flex project for the web and after building I have a .swf and its accompanying referenced .swfs in the bindebug output folder.p  pIn a new project also in Flash Builder Burrito I create a Flex application for Air Desktop. I copy over all the swfs and I am able to load the swf and display it in Air for the Desktop. With no trouble at all.p  pHOWEVER, when I try to do a similar thing this time for Flex Mobile project, by once again just copying the .swf and accompanying swfs into the application folder of a Flex for Mobile project. Nothing loads. I am pretty sure that its not a pathing issue when I call swfloader on the main .swf, bc when I tried using swfloader with a simple colocated .jpeg it did load.  I am also pretty sure that that .swf files in question have been packaged with the .apk upon inspection of the packager setting for the Flex Mobile project.p  pI suspect it could be a security sandboxing issue unique to the Android version of Air 2.6, or a pathing issue within the group of .swfs due to it now being on the Android filesystemp  pstrongVersions, IDEs, Detailsstrongp  pFlash Builder BurritoFlex 4.5 Debugging on an actual Motorola Xoom Android 3.0 devicep  pIf you are not too busy maybe you can help me out, or point me in the right direction.p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated, and I would be happy to send you all the code if you are interested in taking a look.p  pThanks for hearing me out.p  pMikep  precode        private function loadLocalSwffileNameStringvoid                      var fileFile  File.applicationDirectory.resolvePathfileName             var loaderLoader  new Loader             loader.loadnew URLRequestfile.url             parent.addChildloader          codepre  pI also triedp  precode        import mx.controls.SWFLoader          private function loadLocalSwffileNameStringvoid                         var myloaderSWFLoader  new SWFLoader             myloader.height  400             myloader.width  500             var fileFile  File.applicationStorageDirectory.resolvePathfileName              var nameoffileString  file.url              var loaderLoader  new Loader             addElementmyloader             myloader.source  assetsanychartswftest.swf           codepre
Negative 10594 pI want to create spiltview controller similar to setting on the ipad.That means even in portrait mode the lefthand side panel should be visible as it appears in landscape mode.Hope I am able to explain what I want.Please can anyone know how I can achieve thisp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pMy app stores simple settings in a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comreferenceandroidcontentSharedPreferences.htmlcodeSharedPreferencescodea it works fine. However for one person whos downloaded my app is having problems. The settings in the a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comreferenceandroidcontentSharedPreferences.htmlcodeSharedPreferencescodea are getting lost between closing and reloading the app.p  pCould he have a permissions problem somewhere on his phone thats preventing the data from being saved between sessionsp  pHas anyone experienced this or know of any reason why this could be happening Im having a pretty hard time debugging it, I dont know where to start.p  precode Im using SharedPreferences Like so prefs  getSharedPreferencesthis.getStringR.string.prefsname, 0 SharedPreferences.Editor editor  prefs.edit editor.putStringaccounts, accounts editor.commit  retrieving stored information like SharedPreferences prefs  getSharedPreferencesthis.getStringR.string.prefsname, 0 String accounts  prefs.getStringaccounts,[] codepre
Negative 10594 pI am having another problem with my HttpModule that handles exceptions. cfr. my previous post a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5911923customhttpmoduleforiis7forintegratedCustom HttpModule for IIS 7 for integratedap  pAll works well, but only for aspx pages.p  pemThe main reason we wanted to use this HttpModule is to handle 404 exceptions that occur when someone tries to go to a html page that doesnt exist. But my HttpModule only works for .aspx pages and it isnt triggered when a html file doesnt exist.emp  pThis is the configuration that I have set up in my web.conf filep  precodeltsystem.webServergt   ltmodulesgt     ltadd nameAspExceptionHandler           typeCompany.Exceptions.AspExceptionHandler, Company.Exceptions           preConditionmanagedHandler gt   ltmodulesgt ltsystem.webServergt codepre  pI have also tried adding runAllManagedModulesForAllRequeststrue to the module node, and preConditionmanagedHandler to the add node, but this also didnt work.p  pI have set the Application pool on which my web application is running to Integrated mode, because I found this a lot on google.p  pstrongIs there another way to make my HttpModule handle exceptions that occur when visiting a non existing emhtmlem pagestrongp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pIm creating a schedulecalendar view in HTMLCSSJQuery to help me learn a few things about all three.p  pSo, if you go to....p  pa hrefhttphandtomouthmusic.co.ukTest.html relnofollowhttphandtomouthmusic.co.ukTest.htmlap  p...you can see the beginnings of it all.  The Static view is just that, and the Dynamic view is created using jQuery.p  pThe problem I face at the moment is that the width on the .caption class seems to be causing the .bar divs to disappear when viewed in IE If you look in Google Chrome it should be fine.p  pAs you can see in the example, it is only happening on the Dynamic section. p  pAny ideas what is causing this  p  pNote If I press F12 in IE and disable the width attribute, then reenable it, everything appears as it should  Why not when loadedp
Negative 10594 pIm having problems with an archive that I built using zipfile in Python. Im iterating over all the files in a directory and writing them to an archive. When I attempt to extract them afterward I get an exception related to the path separator.p  blockquote precode        thepath Cpathtofolder         zipped cStringIO.StringIO         zf  zipfile.ZipFilezippedcache, w, zipfile.ZIPDEFLATED         for dirname, subdirs, files in os.walkthepath              for filename in files                 zf.writeos.path.joindirname, filename, os.path.joindirname[1lenthepath], filename         zf.extractallCdestinationpath         zf.close         zippedcache.close codepre blockquote  pHeres the exceptionp  blockquote   pzipfile.BadZipfile File name in   directory envindex and header   envindex differ.p blockquote  pdelUpdate I replaced the string buffer codecStringIO.StringIOcode with a temporary file codetempfile.mkstemptemp.zipcode and now it works. Theres something that happens when the zipfile module writes to the buffer that corrupts the archive, not sure what the problem is though.delp  pdelThe issue was that I was readingwriting the information frominto files that were open in rw mode instead of rbwb. This isnt an issue in Linux, but it gave me errors in Windows due to character encoding. Solved.delp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to create a method which in turn should call Arrays.sort method and Im trying this method to be generic itself. The problem comes when I try to create a concrete codeComparatorcode but I always get one exception like p  precodeGenerics.java15 cannot find symbol symbol   method sortjava.lang.Comparable[],java.util.ComparatorltTgt location class java.util.Arrays                 Arrays.sortarray,  c                        1 error codepre  pI workaround it by casting the value, but I would really like to know how to code it properly. p  pHeres my  relevant  codep  precodeimport java.util. abstract class GenericsltT1,T2gt      public abstract  void run T1 a , T2 b     public static ltTgt void sort Comparable[] array, final GenericsltT,Tgt g         ComparatorltTgt c  new ComparatorltTgt        public int compareT o1, T o2          g.runo1,o2         return 1                 Arrays.sortarray,         how can I get rid of this cast         Comparatorlt super Comparablegt        and use only  c       public static void main String ... args        Generics.sort args, new GenericsltString,Stringgt         public void run String a, String b            System.out.println Irrelevant                 codepre
Negative 10594 pI am having a specific problem implementing a parametrised class Parameter, but this is something I have come across before with generics, so a general solution would be good..p  pThe class Parameter stores a value of one of a strict number of classesp  precodepublic class ParameterltTgt      Specify what types of parameter are valid   private static final SetltClassltgtgt VALIDTYPES static      SetltClassltgtgt set  new HashSetltClassltgtgt      set.add Integer.class      set.add Float.class      set.add Boolean.class      set.add String.class       VALIDTYPES  Collections.unmodifiableSetset   private T value  public ParameterT initialValue throws IllegalArgumentException        Parameter validity check     if VALIDTYPES.containsinitialValue.getClass          throw new IllegalArgumentException                 initialValue.getClass   is not a valid parameter type           value  initialValue       public T get  return value       public void setT value          this.value  value       codepre  pThis is all fine, until I try and store instances of Parameter in a collection. For examplep  precodeParameterltIntegergt p  new ParameterltIntegergt3  int value  Integerp.get p.set2  Fine  ArrayListltParameterltgtgt ps  new ArrayListltParameterltgtgt ps.addp value  Integerps.get0.get  ps.get0.set4  Does not compile due to type erasure codepre  pWhat would others do in this situation to get round thisp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pSo I read through a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions680021isitpossibletostopexecutioninjavascriptjquerythisa a bit, and it looks like JavaScript functions cant be explicitly killed off midrun. What if I have a global variable, codewindow.currentlyProcessingcode that manages this.p  precodefunction contentsChanged      if window.curentlyProcessing  true               return          window.curentlyProcessing  true      DO STUFF     window.curentlyProcessing  false  codepre  pSince codecontentsChangedcode gets called a lot, will this effectively stop it from running over itselfp
Negative 10594 pHey its my first post so Im ask for understanding. Ive looked many posts but I didnt find solution.p  pI want to implement custom membershiprovider class withp  precodenamespace Mvccar.Authorization   public class SimpleMembershipProvider  MembershipProvider      private NHibernateRepositoryltUzytkownikgt repo      ISession session      [Inject]     public SimpleMembershipProviderISession session              this.session  session           public override void Initializestring name, System.Collections.Specialized.NameValueCollection config              repo  new NHibernateRepositoryltUzytkownikgtsession         base.Initializename, config      codepre  pmy bindingsp  precodekernel.BindltISessiongt.ToMethodx gt MvcApplication.SessionFactory.OpenSession.InRequestScope kernel.BindtypeofIRepositoryltgt.TotypeofNHibernateRepositoryltgt kernel.InjectMembership.Provider either with or without that codepre  pIve changed in web.configp  precodeltmembership defaultProviderMyMembershipProvidergt   ltprovidersgt     ltcleargt     ltadd nameMyMembershipProvider typeMvccar.Authorization.SimpleMembershipProvidergt   ltprovidersgt ltmembershipgt codepre  pafter try of logging following error occursp  blockquote   pThis method cannot be called during the applications prestart initialization stage. p blockquote
Negative 10594 pI have a database with the youtube IDs. Now i want to play the first video and when the video is ended i want to go to a hrefhttpwww.foo.comindex.phpplay1 relnofollowhttpwww.foo.comindex.phpplay1a . So it will play the next youtube video. After that video is done it will go to a hrefhttpwww.foo.comindex.phpplay2 relnofollowhttpwww.foo.comindex.phpplay2a ... . I have tried something with the time to refresh page after x x is duration of video seconds. But when the user hit the pause button it will refresh to early. p  pCan someone help me p
Negative 10594 pI have a workflow inside a transaction so the code in a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarydd489463.aspx relnofollowthisa is hanging on codeWaitOnecode call where I am calling codecontext.CreateBookmarkcode method. p  pSince the workflow in not completed codesyncEvent.setcode is not called transaction is not getting completed. p  pBut I want to persist the workflow execution until the bookmark part, if I do that by calling syncEvent.Set on p  precodewfApp.PersistableIdle  delegateWorkflowApplicationIdleEventArgs e      idleEvent.Set     return PersistableIdleAction.Persist  codepre  pit is not creating a record in InstanceTable. So I want to persist the workflow manually to InstaceTable or a better way to implement this. p  pI am using flowchart type workflowp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to build an prototype with labels, buttons, and so on. However, I do want the text in the labels or buttons to be customized through an external files, perhaps a text file or excel file. How can I achieve thisp  pCurrently, I am trying on using a CSV file as in the following format.p  pDashboard Title, Dashboard Box 1 Column Name, Box 1 Button 1, Nextp  pAnd in my codes, I read them into the text field as follows.p  precodestring[] lines  File.ReadAllLinesDashboard.csv for int i  0 i lt lines.Length i      string currentLine  lines[i]     string[] lineValues  currentLine.Split,     switch i              case 0 dashboardTitle.Content  lineValues[1]         case 1 box1ColName.Content  lineValues[1]         case 2 button1.Content  lineValues[1]       codepre  pMy worry now is that as the number of fields elements grow. I would have to extends the switch part perhaps up to case 100 How can I specify them perhaps in the CSV file to fill in the lable, buttons accordinglyp
Negative 10594 pHI,p  pI am converting a shell script to a Java program. The shell scripts runs an sql statement and spool the file to an external text file. I want to simulate this in Java. The output file must be in the exact same format as it was generated in running the comman in SQL. Can anyone give me some guidelines such as formatting spacing ... for the filep  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to port some MatLab code over to Scipy, and Ive tried two different functions from scipy.interpolate, a hrefhttpdocs.scipy.orgdocscipydevreferencegeneratedscipy.interpolate.interp1d.htmlscipy.interpolate.interp1d relnofollowinterp1da and a hrefhttpdocs.scipy.orgdocscipydevreferencegeneratedscipy.interpolate.UnivariateSpline.htmlscipy.interpolate.UnivariateSpline relnofollowUnivariateSplinea.  The interp1d results match the interp1d MatLab function, but the UnivariateSpline numbers come out different  and in some cases very different.  p  precodef  interp1drow1,row2,kindcubic,boundserrorFalse,fillvaluenumpy.maxrow2 return  finterp  f  UnivariateSplinerow1,row2,k3,s0 return finterp codepre  pCould anyone offer any insight  My x vals arent equally spaced, although Im not sure why that would matter.p
Negative 10594 pI have a problem that would be easily solved if I could somehow inflate a view this part is doable but instead of letting androids UI framework handle it, I would like to be able to explicitly draw it to a Canvas object. Is that possiblep  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pAny ideas on why this code works perfectly in Firefox that is, if the text is longer than the width it continues below but in Chrome it doesnt work e.g the text keeps going to the rightp  pThe CSSp  precodeleftnav   width 18  float left  backgroundcolor fff  margin 15px 0 0 0  marginleft 5px  border 1px solid ddd  padding 5px 5px 30px 5px  mozborderradius 7px  webkitborderradius 7px  leftnav h2   font normal 17px Geneva, Helvetica, Arial, Tahoma, Verdana  letterspacing 0px  color ff4800  margin 20px 0 5px 10px  codepre  pThe PHPHTMLp  precodelth2gt lta hrefindex.phpsiteltphp echo urlencodevaluegtgtltphp echo valuegtltagt lth2gt codepre  pThank you very much for any inputp
Negative 10594 pIve started using a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.transactions.transactionscope.aspx relnofollowTransactionScopea to help with my unit tests, in order to put my test database back to its previous state. Using this with SpecFlow, I have a base class like sop  precodepublic class TransactionScopedFeature      private TransactionScope Scope  get set       [BeforeScenario]     public void BaseSetup              this.Scope  new TransactionScopeTransactionScopeOption.RequiresNew           [AfterScenario]     public void BaseCleanup              if this.Scope  null                      this.Scope.Dispose                codepre  pAll of the above works, in that when I add records to the database, when I then query the tables after the tests have finished, those tables are empty. Great stuff, and very clever indeedp  pMy question relates to identity columns in these tables. What Ive noticed is that, when I run my tests numerous times, the ID column of my test table increases by 1. I assumed that since the TransactionScope would rollback the changes, that the identity seed would also be rolled back.p  pAm I wrong in making this assumption  is this just how databases work If that is the case, I could also run a SQL script before each of my scenarios that does thisp  pcodeDBCC CHECKIDENT dbo.Items, reseed, 0codep  pI just wanted to check in case I was doing something wrong, or this is normal database behaviour.p  pCheers. Jas.p
Negative 10594 pemail sent successfully but didnt deliver to reception email. It shows some failure error p  p550 Administrative Prohibitionp  pCan any body guide me that where is mistake.p  pthanksp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to show a FlowDocument in a WPF form and have tried both RichTextBox and FlowDocumentScrollViewer.  I also require that the window resizes to be able to show all text. Unfortunately, when I set SizeToContentWidthAndHeight for the Window itself, no matter what content I put in the FlowDocument, the window expands to the full width of all my displays  The height seems to resize fine, however.p  pAnyone know how to get it to resize properly Looked all over and cannot figure out how to get this going...br XAML belowp  precodeltWindow xClassCustomControls.SecureConfirmationDialog         xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation         xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml         TitleSecureConfirmationDialog          MinHeight120 MinWidth200           Height120 Width300          ResizeModeNoResize          SizeToContentWidthAndHeight         WindowStyleToolWindow         LoadedWindowLoadedgt     ltGridgt         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt             ltRowDefinition Height gt             ltRowDefinition HeightAuto gt         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt             ltColumnDefinition Width gt             ltColumnDefinition WidthAuto gt             ltColumnDefinition WidthAuto gt         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt         ltFlowDocumentScrollViewer NameflowMsg Grid.Row0 Grid.ColumnSpan3 Margin3 IsToolBarVisibleFalse ScrollViewer.VerticalScrollBarVisibilityHidden gt         ltTextBox NametxtConfirm Grid.Row1 Grid.Column0 TextTesting HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentBottom Margin3 gt         ltButton NamebtnOK Grid.Row1 Grid.Column1 ContentOK HorizontalAlignmentRight VerticalAlignmentBottom Margin3 Width50 ClickbtnOKClick  gt         ltButton NamebtnCancel Grid.Row1 Grid.Column2 ContentCancel HorizontalAlignmentRight VerticalAlignmentBottom Margin3 Width50 ClickbtnCancelClick gt     ltGridgt ltWindowgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI want to use the editor for image file types available in netbeans IDE in my platform app. That is I want to be able to open the image files for viewing. I have built the module org.netbeans.modules.image from the source and included in my suite. It is getting loaded can see from the log but the image file types are not recognized by the Favorites window.p
Negative 10594 pfolksp  pI have heard from a coworker that I  as a designer using Microsoft Expression Blend  should avoid using excessive nesting of panel elements, because they are computationally expensive. p  pFor example, I tend to create the mainwindow with header and custom statusbar with grid, and then take the top panel and put a grid inside it, and if I have a message inside a rectangle on the already gridded top panel I create yet another grid, etc.p  pAs a very layoutoriented disigner who wants to use every screen most efficiently whatever the screen dimensions are I know this is the best way to do it considering absolute control and flexibility, which prevent the window to resize in unpredictable ways oPp  pBUT... ...this friend of mine said that, if you have, say, five grids nested inside one another, if you pass the mouse over them, you generate five mouse events, which is costly.p  pAlso, if you have too many calculations due to the too many containers asking for children sizes before the actual rendering, it can also be costly.p  pI had some previous experience with PyGtk, and I must say I used A LOT o layout panels for all my scripts, and even the resizing of windows never seemed to me to be specially costly, except when I had some complex canvas drawing needed to be recalculated.p  pDoes anyone have any experience or know anything about itp  pThanks a lot for readingp
Negative 10594 pIve a requirement in which i strongneed to show optimal road route related to a fixed locationstrong within a map by giving few strongpostcodesstrong, fetched from database on the basis of some conditions, as stronginputstrong.p  pThe route should be shown as the least distanced postcode first order from the fixed location.p  pHow can i implement using asp.netp  pCan i use Googlemap api to implement thisp
Negative 10594 pIm following a hrefhttpwww.reigndesign.comblogusingyourownsqlitedatabaseinandroidapplications relnofollowUsing your own SQLite database in your Android applicationsa, and in the tutorial the author mentioned that I need to copy the sqlite file into default system pathp  precodeThe Androids default system path of your application database. private static String DBPATH  datadataYOURPACKAGEdatabases codepre  pand the method isp  precode   Copies your database from your local assetsfolder to the just created empty database in the   system folder, from where it can be accessed and handled.   This is done by transfering bytestream.    private void copyDataBase throws IOException codepre  pAlso I read the thread a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4118436doallandroiddeviceshaveaninternalsdcardDo all Android devices have an internal SD cardap  pThe accepted answer statedp  blockquote   pAny device that has the Android Market will have at least 2GB of storage at Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory. Whether that is an SD card or something else will vary by device.p blockquote  pSo Im wonderingp  ol liIs the default system path the same as Environment.getExternalStorageDirectoryli liDo I need to substitude datadataYOURPACKAGEdatabases with Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory  YOURPACKAGEdatabasesli ol  pI did a test to print out the result of Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory on Motorola Milestonethe one with physical QWERTY keyboard and it returnsp  precodeDir sdcard codepre  pSo they are not the same, but which one should I use for SQLite databasep  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pIve got Python installed ok, I can run scripts at the command line just fine. But I want to build web pages with it, and use the Django framework.p  pIve read through lots of documentation on how to setup and get django running. Most of the work was done with aptget install, which did install everything needed, but the vhost configuration I am having trouble with. Currently I am getting a 500 Server error and in the error log I am seeing an Import error.p  pHeres the full vhost filep  precode    ltVirtualHost 80gt         ServerAdmin richtestanimac.com         ServerName friendflix.me                 ServerAlias www.friendflix.me         DocumentRoot srvwwwfriendflix.mepublichtml         ErrorLog srvwwwfriendflix.melogserror.log             CustomLog srvwwwfriendflix.melogsaccess.log combined              WSGIScriptAlias  srvwwwfriendflix.meapplicationdjango.wsgi       ltDirectory srvwwwfriendflix.meapplicationgt  Order allow,deny Allow from all   ltDirectorygt      ltLocation applicationgt SetHandler pythonprogram   PythonOption django.root application   PythonHandler django.core.handlers.modpython   SetEnv DJANGOSETTINGSMODULE settings PythonPath [srvwwwfriendflix.meapplication, srvwwwfriendflix.mepubl PythonDebug On ltLocationgt  Alias static srvwwwfriendflix.mepublichtmlstatic ltVirtualHostgt codepre  pTail of error.logp  precode[Sun Jun 19 212807 2011] [error] [client 74.89.144.194]     self.loadmiddleware  [Sun Jun 19 212807 2011] [error] [client 74.89.144.194]   File usrlocallibpython2.6distpackagesdjangocorehandlersbase.py, line 39, in loadmiddleware [Sun Jun 19 212807 2011] [error] [client 74.89.144.194]     for middlewarepath in settings.MIDDLEWARECLASSES [Sun Jun 19 212807 2011] [error] [client 74.89.144.194]   File usrlocallibpython2.6distpackagesdjangoutilsfunctional.py, line 276, in getattr [Sun Jun 19 212807 2011] [error] [client 74.89.144.194]     self.setup [Sun Jun 19 212807 2011] [error] [client 74.89.144.194]   File usrlocallibpython2.6distpackagesdjangoconfinit.py, line 42, in setup [Sun Jun 19 212807 2011] [error] [client 74.89.144.194]     self.wrapped  Settingssettingsmodule [Sun Jun 19 212807 2011] [error] [client 74.89.144.194]   File usrlocallibpython2.6distpackagesdjangoconfinit.py, line 89, in init [Sun Jun 19 212807 2011] [error] [client 74.89.144.194]     raise ImportErrorCould not import settings s Is it on sys.path s  self.SETTINGSMODULE, e [Sun Jun 19 212807 2011] [error] [client 74.89.144.194] ImportError Could not import settings settings Is it on sys.path No module named settings codepre  pDirectory structure of app or at leastp  phtml rootp  precodesrvwwwfriendflix.mepublichtml codepre  papplication rootp  precodesrvwwwfriendflix.meapplication codepre  pDjangowsgi application configp  precodesrvwwwfriendflix.meapplicationdjango.wsgi codepre  pDjango.wsgi scriptp  precodeimport os import sys  sys.path.appendsrvwwwfriendflix.meapplication  os.environ[PYTHONEGGCACHE]  srvwwwfriendflix.me.pythonegg os.environ[DJANGOSETTINGSMODULE]  settings  import django.core.handlers.wsgi application  django.core.handlers.wsgi.WSGIHandler codepre  pAny help in to fix this would be great  thank you Richp
Negative 10594 pI have item list  with stronglatitudestrong and stronglongitudestrong  .I want to show the item list on codeGoogle mapcode.. so, how to create overlay list and how to show overlays on Google map p
Negative 10594 pI have written a sample application on using codeTabHostcode.  I am getting the following errorp  blockquote   pConversion to Dalvik format failed with error 1p blockquote  pHow do I resolve the above issuep
Negative 10594 pI m building a multitenant mvc application hosted in windows azure.p  pI would like to leverage access control service to allow user to get authenticated thanks to google, facebook, live id etc...p  pI managed to get a simple authentication working with a postback url that is configured in the Relying Party Application Settings.p  pbut in my scenario it is more like that client1.mydomain.comlogin or client1.comlogin will go to the the providers pages select lets say google then he will sign in and then he will be redirected to client1.mydomain.comAdmin or client1.comAdminp  phow can I achive that for any clients should I add a relying party application for each client can it be done by code Is it ok with facebookp  pI would like also the admin panel to be in silverlight, once the client is authenticated will he remain authenticated in the silverlight appp  pThank you by advance for any help or links that can help.p  pFredp
Negative 10594 pI have the following code which works wellp  precodeDim dept As New ArrayList Dim forename As New ArrayList  objJSONStringBuilder  New StringBuilder objSQLConnection  New SqlConnectionSystem.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.AppSettingsconnString  objSQLCommand  New SqlCommandselect dept, forename from table1, objSQLConnection  objSQLCommand.Connection.Open objSQLDataReader  objSQLCommand.ExecuteReader  While objSQLDataReader.Read     dept.AddNew With Key .dept  objSQLDataReaderdept     forename.AddNew With Key .forename  objSQLDataReaderforename End While  objSQLDataReader.Close objSQLCommand.Connection.Close  Dim serializer As New JavaScriptSerializer Dim arrayJson As String  serializer.Serializedept  Return arrayJson codepre  pWhich gives mep  precode[              dept dept1     ,              dept dept2     ,              dept dept3      ] codepre  pHow do I add the second column codeforenamecode in the json data too so it returnsp  precode[              dept dept1,         forename adam     ,              dept dept2,         forename joe     ,              dept dept3,         forename smith      ] codepre  pEventually, I will want to add more columns, i.e. surname.p
Negative 10594 pIm getting a redirect loop on a Drupal 7 install. Whenever a nonadmin user logs in, the site will enter a redirect loop on the user profile URL for example, a hrefhttpexample.comqusertestuser relnofollowhttpexample.comqusertestusera.p  pThis URL is accessible with no issues by the superuser account, and attempting to access this URL while logged out returns a 403 Access Denied as expected.p  pWhen logged in as a nonadmin user, attempting to access any URL at all will redirect to the user profile page, which will then redirect onto itself, causing the redirect loop to start anew.p  pI have found that if I give a specific user the administrator role, the redirect loop will cease for that user, and the page will no longer try to redirect to userusername on login.p  pI have also found that if I give users the administer users permission that the redirect loop will cease, but will still redirect the user to userusername on login.p  pObviously neither of these solutions are possible as giving regular users administrator roles or the ability to administer users is a huge security risk.p  pDoes anyone know of a fix for this, or a way to get around this with an override related to user rolep  pInstalled modules Block, Color, Comment, Contextual links, Dashboard, Database logging, Field, Field SQL storage, Field UI, File, Filter, Help, Image, List, Menu, Node, Number, Options, Overlay, Path, RDF, Search, Shortcut, System, Taxonomy, Text, Toolbar, Update manager, User, Chaos tools 7.x1.0alpha4, Page manager, Devel, Theme Developer, Fieldgroup, IMCE, Pathauto, Token, Taxonomy Menu, IMCE Wysiwyg API bridge, Wysiwyg, Webform, and several custom modules which i provide blocks 2 provide custom pages and 3 modify the default search behaviour splits search results by node type. None of my custom modules ever interface with the user management system, permissions system or use any of the functions provided by the user module.p
Negative 10594 pSo im making an overlay, and I need it to be always on top. To do so, i just setp  precodechackBox1.checked  true  private void checkChangedobject sender, EventArgs e          this.TopMost  checkBox1.Checked    codepre  pas it is suggested in many places. The problem here is  1 I need a checkbox button... but thats not rly an issue, I can set to to Visible  false. 2 It never works untill I manually check the box with my mouse Even if I set it to checked, set form1.isTopMost  true after initComponents and call the checkChanged event, I always have to manually check the box before it always stays on topp  pplease help How do I make it so that the overlay loads up always on topp  pMy next step is making a thread that will force the form to stay on top, but I would like to avoid this LOLp  pThanks,p  pDavep
Negative 10594 pRunning Capistrano from a WinXP machine. Deploying from Beanstalk repo to Linux box.p  pEverything works perfectly with the exact same capfile and installation details on my Mac OS X 10.6 machine, but I cant get things to function correctly on the Win XP machine.p  pLooked at lines 95 and 104 of deploy.rb since these seemed to cause some issues, but wasnt able to figure anything out. At a bit of a loss [p  pThe exact log of the deploy attempt isp  precodeCDocuments and SettingsOwnerDesktopgtcap dev deploy  executing dev  executing deploy  executing deployupdate  transaction start  executing deployupdatecode updating the cached checkout on all servers SVN password for capitan, please executing locally svn info username capitan password  noa     uthcache httpsxxx.svn.beanstalkapp.comrepomonolithictrunk username c     apitan password  noauthcache  rHEAD CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano    recipesdepl     oy.rb95 warning failed to set environment variable. Ruby 1.9.3 will raise Sys     temCallError in this case.  [deployupdatecode] rolling back  executing rm rf homeusernamedeployreleases20110625171613 true     servers [IP.IP.IP.IP] Enter passphrase for CDocuments and SettingsOwner.sshidrsa [IP.IP.IP.IP] executing command command finished in 5281ms CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano    recipesdepl     oy.rb104in  No such file or directory  svn info username capitan pass     word  noauthcache httpsxxx.svn.beanstalkapp.comrepomonolith     ictrunk username capitan password  noauthcache  rHEAD Errn     oENOENT     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploy.rb104in block in runlocally     from CRuby192libruby1.9.1benchmark.rb309in realtime     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploy.rb103in runlocally     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploy.rb41in block 3 levels in load     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploy.rb93in withenv     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploy.rb41in block 2 levels in load     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeployscmsubversion.rb56in queryrevision     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeployscmbase.rb35in block in methodmissing     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeployscmbase.rb63in local     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeployscmbase.rb35in methodmissing     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploy.rb41in block in load     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationvariables.rb87in call     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationvariables.rb87in block in fetch     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationvariables.rb110in block in protect     from ltinternalpreludegt10in synchronize     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationvariables.rb110in protect     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationvariables.rb78in fetch     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationvariables.rb95in []     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploystrategybase.rb82in revision     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploystrategyremotecache.rb35in updaterepositorycache     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploystrategyremotecache.rb15in deploy     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploy.rb218in block 2 levels in load     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb139in instanceeval     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb139in invoketaskdirectly     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationcallbacks.rb27in invoketaskdirectlywithcallbacks     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb89in executetask     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationnamespaces.rb186in methodmissing     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationnamespaces.rb104in block in task     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploy.rb199in block 3 levels in load     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb56in transaction     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationnamespaces.rb186in methodmissing     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploy.rb198in block 2 levels in load     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb139in instanceeval     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb139in invoketaskdirectly     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationcallbacks.rb27in invoketaskdirectlywithcallbacks     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb89in executetask     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationnamespaces.rb186in methodmissing     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationnamespaces.rb104in block in task     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano recipesdeploy.rb167in block 2 levels in load     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb139in instanceeval     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb139in invoketaskdirectly     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationcallbacks.rb27in invoketaskdirectlywithcallbacks     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb89in executetask     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano configurationexecution.rb101in findandexecutetask     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano cliexecute.rb46in block in executerequestedactions     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano cliexecute.rb45in each     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano cliexecute.rb45in executerequestedactions     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano clihelp.rb19in executerequestedactionswithhelp     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano cliexecute.rb34in execute     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0libcapistrano cliexecute.rb14in execute     from CRuby192librubygems1.9.1gemscapistrano2.6.0bincap4in  lttop requiredgt     from CRuby192bincap19in load     from CRuby192bincap19in ltmaingt codepre  pIP address is IP.IP.IP.IPbr username for deploy target is usernamebr username for beanstalk is xxxbr passwords are strongstrong  p
Negative 10594 pIve got 3 classes in my program.p  precodepublic class Field extends JLabel      private int x, y      public Fieldint x, int y         this.x  x         this.y  y         setOpaquetrue         setMinimumSizenew Dimension50,50         setPreferredSizenew Dimension75,75         ifx  y  2  0             setBackgroundColor.GREEN         else             setBackgroundColor.YELLOW        public class Board extends JPanel      public Field[][] fields  new Field[8][8]      public Board         setLayoutnew GridLayout8,8         setMinimumSizenew Dimension500,500         setPreferredSizenew Dimension550,550         setBackgroundColor.RED         fillBoard           private void fillBoard         forint i  0 i lt 8 i             forint j  0 j lt 8 j                 fields[i][j]  new Fieldi, j                 addfields[i][j]                             public class GUI extends JFrame      public Board board      private GUI         board  new Board         setLayoutnew FlowLayout         addboard         setDefaultCloseOperationEXITONCLOSE         setVisibletrue         pack           public static void mainString[] args         SwingUtilities.invokeLaternew Runnable             public void run                  new GUI                              codepre  pWhenever I run the program, a hrefhttpimg96.imageshack.usimg968900przechwytywanieqz.jpg relnofollowthisa appears instead of a yellowgreen board. Can anyone help pleasep
Negative 10594 pWe want to implement a solution to make the first column of a table always visible, whenever the user scrolls to the right the table will be superwide sometimes, the first columns cells have to stick to the left of a screen. There is a nonfunctional restriction in a project which makes a DIV approach not possible.p  pThis is somewhat similar to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1030043htmltableheadersalwaysvisibleattopofwindowwhenviewingalargetablethisap  pAny help is highly appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI have a chunk of text in a big string I create dynamically in javascript in a web app. I want to save it to the blob store. However, I cant figure out how to make it work. I am creating the URL to post to with the usual blobstoreService.createUploadUrl command.p  pOne possibility for posting my string to the blobstore url is to use jQuery.ajaxp  precodejQuery.ajaxurlblobstoreurl,contentTypemultipartformdata,typePOST,datafilemystring codepre  pHowever, when i run this command I get the AppEngine error java.lang.OutOfMemoryError Java heap space. Googling this error suggests my form data is missing the required name attribute, but I cannot figure out how to specify this using jQuery.ajax.p  pAnother possibility is to use the browsers FormData objectp  precode   formData  new FormData    formData.appendfile,mystring    xhr  new XMLHttpRequest    xhr.openPOST, blobstoreurl    xhr.sendformData codepre  pThis runs fine, but then when my success url is triggered by the blobstore in my AppEngine server app, the list of posted blobs is empty. I assume I cant just append mystring to the formData as a file object but need to do something else instead.p  pI know Im extremely close to having this working, but am missing some important little detail. If any of you can help me figure out how to fix either of the two approaches above I would be elated Thanksp
Negative 10594 pI have a case where i have to read the data from the request body and create a file and write the data into it. If the operation is successful I set the response header to 201 and add the location of file in Location header. The file creation is done using Java methods and node.js code is below.p  precodevar server  http.createServerfunctionreq, res              var body           req.ondata, functionchunk                      body  chunk.toString                    req.onend, function                        var rtn  obj.AddonPostMethodfilepath,body                                     ifrtn.length lt 13                              res.writeHead201, Location  rtn                 res.end                          else                              res.writeHead400, ContentType  applicationjson                 res.writertn                 res.end                          codepre  pThe problem is that the response headers are not getting updated and are always set to the default headers 200 Ok. In addition to this the server is always busy even after the response is received.p
Negative 10594 pThe ability to model the idea of catching an exception is pretty easy in a UML activity diagram  but what about THROWING the exception The closest thing I can seem to find would be the throwing activity sending a signal with a stereotype of codeltltexceptiongtgtcode and then hitting a flowfinal node, but I dont know that this is considered bestpractice. Any thoughtsp  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pIt doesnt display any errors, just a blank page. I tried dietest before I call my function to retrieve a record and it does it, but when I place dietest after my retrieve row function all I get is an empty page codeon chrome it says this Error 324 netERREMPTYRESPONSE The server closed the connection without sending any data.codep  p.. I have tried with 128M, 1, 64M, etcp  precodeinisetmemorylimit, 1 codepre  pWith no luck. I am using mysqli to retrieve the record and a simple query like Select data from tblBackup only 1 record in the databasep  pAny helpp  pThanks in advancep  pUpdate I tailed the apache error log and I get this when trying to load the page,p  precode[Thu Jun 30 134737 2011] [notice] child pid 25405 exit signal Segmentation fault 11 codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a class A and a class B, class B is inherit from class A. Assume that I havep  precodeA a1  new B A a2  new B ListltAgt LA  new ListltAgta1, a2 codepre  pPlease help me how to convert List to List. I try to use codeListltBgt LB  ListltBgtLAcode but get compiling error codeCant convert ListltAgt to ListltBgtcode.p  pPlease help me. Thanks.p  pNote only .NET 2.0. Thanks.p
Negative 10594 pIve created a site and the phone number on the top of the screen is normally brown through CSS, but when Im opening it in iPad it becomes blue, I know that there are functonality to call around it, but how can I change its behavior just change the colorp
Negative 10594 pI have a freemarker template and I want to write a test that checks the output for a given model input.p  precodeTest public void testProcessTemplateWithModel throws Exception      final Configuration configuration  new Configuration     configuration.setDirectoryForTemplateLoadingdirectoryForTemplateLoading     configuration.setObjectWrappernew DefaultObjectWrapper     final Template template  configuration.getTemplatetemplate.ftl     final MapltString, Objectgt model  new HashMapltString, Objectgt      populate model      template.processmodel, new OutputStreamWriterSystem.out  codepre  pTrouble is that the first line in the template isp  precodeltimport spring.ftl as spring gt codepre  pSo I getp  precodeERROR [main] freemarker.runtime  Error reading imported file spring.ftl  Error reading imported file spring.ftl The problematic instruction  gt import spring.ftl as spring [on line 1, column 1 in template.ftl]  codepre  pSetting the import on the template seems to be impossible.p
Negative 10594 pI wonder whats the best practice to make a db update thread safe. p  pI am calling a stateless session beansp  blockquote   ppublic void addReservationReservation reservation p blockquote  pBefore adding this reservation  I would like to check if there are still valid places for that reservation, using an entity beans method p  blockquote   ppublic boolean isThereRoomForAnotherReseravtionp blockquote  pI read a hrefhttpwww.jguru.comfaqview.jspEID1096326 relnofollowherea that synchronized method will not solve the problem.p  pI thought of using stored procedure with a validation rule for the solution, but it doesnt sound right.p  pIs there a standard practice for making strongwritestrong procedure thread safep  pRegards,p  pDannyp
Negative 10594 pIm using Watir to perform some actions on a website and eventually provide me with a prompt to save some file. What I would like to do is to follow the prompt automatically and have the file saved automatically as well.p  pFrom what Ive seen, using win32ole has some functionality to perform these actions. Ive successfully installed the gem viap  precodegem install win32olepp codepre  pand requiring the win32ole gives no problem. However, when I call sayp  precodeai  WIN32OLE.newAutoItX3.Control codepre  pI receive the error thatp  precodeunknown OLE server AutoItX3.Control codepre  pThere is a proposed solution to this problem a hrefhttpwiki.openqa.orgdisplayWTRFAQFAQHowdoIfixaWIN32OLERuntimeErrorwhenIuseAutoIt relnofollowherea, however the .dll in question is not located in the proper folder.p  pSo, Im just wondering either is there another way to do this in Watir Or does there exist some other solution for the problem I am encounteringp  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pFor the life of me ive been staring at this for 5 minutes and cant figure out why MYSQL is spitting it back on mep  precodeUPDATE noti SET readread1 WHERE id2068 codepre  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI am using Handler to make the UI responsive when doing search. I used Handler but why it still displays the error Only the original thread that created a view hierarchy can touch its views.p  precodeOverride public void onClickfinal View view      if view.getId  R.id.searchButton          processThreadsearchEditText.getText.toString        private void processThreadfinal String word      progressDialog.show      new Thread          Override         public void run                This is a long time method.             searchWordword              searchHandler.sendEmptyMessage0              .start   private void searchWordfinal String word      final String result  dictionaryClient.lookupword     resultTextView.setTextresult   private final Handler searchHandler  new Handler      Override     public void handleMessagefinal Message msg          super.handleMessagemsg         progressDialog.dismiss         0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815 android.view.ViewRootCalledFromWrongThreadException Only the original thread that created a view hierarchy can touch its views. 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.view.ViewRoot.checkThreadViewRoot.java2802 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.view.ViewRoot.requestLayoutViewRoot.java594 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java8125 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java8125 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java8125 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java8125 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java8125 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.widget.ScrollView.requestLayoutScrollView.java1200 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java8125 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.widget.TextView.checkForRelayoutTextView.java5371 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.widget.TextView.setTextTextView.java2688 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.widget.TextView.setTextTextView.java2556 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at android.widget.TextView.setTextTextView.java2531 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at com.megadict.activity.DictionaryActivity.searchWordDictionaryActivity.java135 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at com.megadict.activity.DictionaryActivity.access1DictionaryActivity.java133 0704 220454.699 ERRORAndroidRuntime8815     at com.megadict.activity.DictionaryActivity2.runDictionaryActivity.java146 codepre  pEdit I followed a hrefhttpthedevelopersinfo.wordpress.com20091019usinghandlerforlongtimeoperationsinandroid relnofollowthis article a.p
Negative 10594 pIs it possible to see which users authorized a Facebook app, assuming youre the app adminp  pIf so, howp  pWe would rather not store our own database of authorized users. We prefer something similar to  Google Analytics, except where we can log in and see a snapshot of who has authorized the app diff from dailymonthly active users.p
Negative 10594 phello all i just so tired from searching all around the internet for a solution for this problem and i have used all the possibilities and it didnt worked now here is the html code of the link p  precode ltli idjplain classgtlta hrefjavascriptvoid0 onclickreturn usePlainTextdraftgtHTMLltagtltligt codepre  pany help will be appreciated , thanks a lotp
Negative 10594 pIf I would like to benchmark how different table definitions affect row insertion speed in SQL Server, I guess its not sufficient to just time transaction from BEGIN to COMMIT this only measures the time spend to append INSERTs to the sequential log. Rightp  pBut the real IO hit comes when the INSERTs are actually applied to the real table a clustered index which might be slightly reorganized after the INSERTs. How can I measure the total time used, all inclusive That is, the time for all the INSERTs written to log  the time used for updating the real data structures Is it sufficient to perform a CHECKPOINT before stopping the timerp
Negative 10594 pWhen you hover over the items in the menu on a hrefhttpstaging.taskit.nl relnofollowthis sitea User Name codedebugcode, Password codedebugcode, they wont be entirely displayed there is this jQuery carousel. This is probably some kind of zindex bug, but I cant fix it, could you please help me with thisp  pIve used this jQuery cycle plugin as you can see in a hrefhttpjquery.malsup.comcycle relnofollowthe codea.p
Negative 10594 precodevoidsetITcustomOfferCell curr      NSAutoreleasePool imagePool  [ [ NSAutoreleasePool alloc ] init ]      NSURL url  [[NSURL URLWithStringimageURL]autorelease]     NSData imageData  [[NSData dataWithContentsOfURLurl] autorelease]     curr.offerImage.image  [[UIImage imageWithDataimageData]autorelease]     [imagePool drain]  codepre  pHi I had the title error and the program ran fine, but the number of leaks concerned me, I looked into what was causing it and because this method is called on a new threadp  precode[NSThread detachNewThreadSelector selectorsetIT toTargetself withObjectcell] codepre  pI need to create an autorelease pool and autorelease the objects. The above method is called to load an image onto my custom UITableViewCell. When I run this I get weird errors on delegates that arent even running. Can anyone helpp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to manually draw a line in WPF by overriding the OnRender method of a control and calling the DrawLine method on the given DrawingContext. I read somewhere that this method call doesnt instantly draw the line, but I cant work out how to actually cause the line to appear.p  pIve tried using a combination of PathGeometry, LineSegments, Line and Polyline controls. I could draw what I wanted then, but offsets werent quite right i.e. when drawing a line, it was fine, when drawing a polyline, everything became incorrectly offset.p  pAny advice on this would be great.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pemPen Codeemp  precode    private static readonly Pen LinePen  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColors.Green, 3.0d     private static readonly Pen WayPointPen  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColors.Gray, 3.0d codepre  pemRender Codeemp  precode    protected override void OnRenderDrawingContext drawingContext               Draw way points         this.DrawWayPointsdrawingContext          if mDrawing                       Draw current line             this.DrawCurrentLinedrawingContext                    private void DrawCurrentLineDrawingContext context              ifmStartPoint.HasValue ampamp mEndPoint.HasValue                       Draw the line             context.DrawLineLinePen, mStartPoint.Value, mEndPoint.Value                    private void DrawWayPointsDrawingContext context              if mWayPoints.Count lt 2                      return                    Draw all points         for int i  0 i lt mWayPoints.Count  1 i                      var start  mWayPoints[i]             var end  mWayPoints[i  1]               Draw the line             context.DrawLineWayPointPen, start, end               codepre  pstrongEDITstrongp  pTest Project a hrefhttpdl.dropbox.comu12763956DrawingTest.zip relnofollowhttpdl.dropbox.comu12763956DrawingTest.zipa Test Project written in Visual Studio 2010p  pUsage   Left click within the raised area to add points to the list.   Right click to end drawing and clear points.p  pNote Custom drawn lines in OnRender override do not appear.p
Negative 10594 pI am looking for a an API to generate legal moves validation in chess, preferably in the Java language.p  pI could write my own but it would be a naive implementation, and it would be slow. So I need a working library allowing more or less the following operationsp  precodeBoard board  new Board board.reset board.isMoveLegalplayerNum, fromSquare, toSquare board.inputMoveplayerNum, fromSquare, toSquare codepre  pWhat I want to avoid is having to browse a full chess games code source with GUI, internet connectivity, or other functions than move generation. It would be a big waste of time for me and Id rather spend a few hours to program my own move validator, no matter how slow. I also dont need any guidelines for writing my own library, as I have found plenty of which on the internet.p  pIm asking this here because I have run several searches on google and didnt find what I was looking for. So it would be nice of you to point me out a link to such a working  code if you knew any. Thanks.p
Negative 10594 pFrom my limited understanding of nginx I know that nginx seperates itself from Apache by using a single thread that handles all requests instead of Apache which throws threads at the problem. In theory with a bunch of small requests its faster. But what about long running requests.p  pLets say a user is downloading a large file or theres some long running PHP script thats slow because of something its depending on disk IO, database is slow. With Apache everything has its own thread so while PHP is waiting for a response from the database another request can come in and be simultaneously processed. With nginx however, wouldnt something like that lock the thread and therefor the whole server I know that you can have multiple nginx processes but creating more processes for just file downloads just seems like trying to recreate Apache.p  pI know Im missing something here as nginx handles situations like this, but what How does nginx do this with its threading modelp  pAnd before you say it, this isnt a duplicate of a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3436808howdoesnginxhandlehttprequeststhis questiona as it only talks about incoming connectionsp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to create a Mercurial hook that runs when the commits are being pushed to the main repository. I created a python script as given belowp  pre  commit.py  from mercurial import ui, hg from mercurial.i18n import gettext as   def getV1IDui, repo, kwargs     ui.writeThe hook works     v1id  ui.promptEnter the VersionOne ID     ui.writeVersionOne ID v1id  pre  pFor each branch, this codecommit.pycode is duplicated as it contains mechanisms that needs to run before code gets pushed onto the main respository. The push should only be successful if those prepush mechanisms pass. Users can modify their local commit.py so that they only run a subset of those prepush operations depending on the project their working on and each person could be working on more than one project at a time. And so, codecommit.pycode cannot be a global python script that can reside in code.hgcode folder.p  pTo make mercurial run the local codecommit.pycode, in my mercurial.ini file in CUsersUserNamemercurial.ini, I added the following statementp  pre [hooks] prechangegroup  python.commit.pygetV1ID pre  pThe python script runs if I place it inside code.hgcode folder, but not when I do this. Can anyone help me shed light on this issue Many thanks.p
Negative 10594 pI would need to send an email with standard text but some custom parts like names and dates with an attached pdf report generated with ms access. I prefer a solution for access 2003, but if it works on 2007 its fine too.p  pCan be done directly from msaccess or I need some other appsworkp  pthanks p
Negative 10594 pAfter looking through Google for the past 2 days now I have not succeeded in managing to install a load more button which will load more records from the database once clicked, nor have I managed to install a jQuery auto scroll which should load more records when the user scrolls to the bottom p  pI would so grateful if anybody could write me a very simple simple as possible code to either load more records on the click of a load more button, or load more records when they scroll to the bottom of the page.p  pThanks. Frank.p
Negative 10594 pFor example, I can draw some simple thing in Expression Design or Blend and I get the Path syntax, what I really want is just the points that make up my drawn thing so I can transpose them to a different context.p  pI might draw a more complex thing such as a spiral, but I want a raw points collection even though there is quite a few of them, rather than syntax representing curves, etc.p  pIs there some other program out there that I can do this withp
Negative 10594 pFirst of all, my apologies for the title of this question, I dont have a better idea for the moment. Make a good suggestion and I will fix the title. If I have permission to do that, I actually dont know.p  h2The situationh2  pI am having a tough time getting the correct SQL query done. I have a setup where people can place orders, with products etc, and they get discounts in certain circumstances.p  pConsider the following schemap  precodeProduct   [...]  Price   productid integer   description string   [...]  Order   [...]  OrderItem   orderid integer   priceid integer   amount integer codepre  pAnd consider the following rulesp  ul liThere are 9 different products.li liAll Products have 2 Prices, one with description emPriceAem and one described emPriceBem.li liAll these prices are the same per type for every product. That is, all PriceA prices are the same, and all PriceB prices are the same.li ul  h2The problemh2  pFor every set of 5 emdifferentem products with emthe sameem price level i.e. PriceA vs. PriceB, the total price of the order is lowered with a certain amount. I am trying to write a query that tells me how many times that happens.p  h2Examplesh2  pstrongExample 1strongbr A user places an order p  ul li5 times product1, li li5 times product2, li li5 times product3, li li3 times product4, li li3 times product5.li ul  pAll at PriceA, the customer receives 3 times the discount, since there are 3 complete sets of 5 p  pstrongExample 2strong A user places an orderp  ul li5 times product1,li li5 times product2,li li5 times product3,li li5 times product4,li li2 times product5,li li2 times product6,li li2 times product7li ul  pAll the PriceA price. Now, the customer receives 5 times the discount, since there are 4 sets of 5, two involving product5, two involving product6 and one involving product7. p  h2The struggleh2  pI tried this SQLp  precodeSELECT minamount as amount from     SELECT oi.amount from order o         inner join orderitem oi on oi.orderid  o.id         inner join price p on oi.priceid  p.id AND p.description  PriceA         inner join product pr on p.productid  pr.id         order by oi.amount desc         limit 5 as z     having countamount  5 codepre  pThis beautifully works for Example 1, but in example 2, it will give the wrong result, as it will select the first set of 5 items, and then disregard the p  pThe question is Is this solvable in SQL Or would I be better of broadening my selection and doing the math by scripting My web application is written in PHP, so I do have room for some serverside mathematics.p  h2The solutionh2  pI implemented Neils solution it now looks like thisp  precode var oid integer The order ID.    Select all amounts ordered per item, only for a given price title.  sql  ltltltSQL SELECT oi.amount as amount FROM orderitems oi     INNER JOIN orders   o  ON oi.orderid   o.id AND o.id  oid     INNER JOIN prices   p  ON oi.priceid   p.id AND p.title  s     INNER JOIN products pr ON p.productid  pr.id     ORDER BY oi.amount DESC SQL discountInfo  array     array         price     gt PriceA,         discounts gt array             9 gt 49.50,  Key is size of set, value is discount.              5 gt 23.50         ,     ,     array         price gt PriceB,         discounts  gt array             9 gt 22,             5 gt 10,         ,     ,   foreachdiscountInfo as info       Store all ordered amounts per item in Array.      arr  array     result  thisgtdbQuerysprintfsql,info[price]     while row  mysqlfetchassocresult arr[]  row[amount]      foreach info[discounts] as am gt di               For each highest set of am items, fetch the smallest member.          while countarr gt am                       Add discount for each complete set              discount  di  arr[am  1]               Substract the amounts from all members of the set              for i0 iltam  1 i arr[i]  arr[am  1]               Remove all elements that are 0              foreach arr as kgtv if v  0 unset arr[k]               Array is messed up now, resort and reindex it.              rsortarr                  codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a database 1.69 MB in assets to need copy to internal databases folder. My problem is that for the first try db is copied but not with exact tables. It becomes 3072 3kB size in the emulator file explorer.p  pWhen I look in that db with sqlite explorer I cant see my tables. The only table exists in db is androidmetadata table with one column of my locale info.p  pBut if I clear that db from databases and rerun the application, it seems working for this time. Why does it fail for the first try  How can I be sure it wont happen in real devices  Is that a bug with the emulator p
Negative 10594 pI believe i can create a Solr index for data in RDBMS using dataImportHandler. But I am not sure how to keep the index in sync when the table is updated new data added,data deleted etc.p  pI am using Solr for fulltext search for a particular table in my databasep
Negative 10594 pI am using this method a hrefhttpjqueryui.comdemossortableconnectlistshttpjqueryui.comdemossortableconnectlistsa to connect two lists that i have. I want to be able to drag from list A to list B but when the item is dropped, i need to keep the original one still in list A. I checked the options and events but I believe there is nothing like that. Any approachesp
Negative 10594 pI have a python script which I have successfully packages with py2app prior to upgrading to Lion.p  pNow when I run py2app it completes without errors, however the resulting .app is only 216K, and when executed it complains about missing objc which is the first import in the script.p  ppy2app outputp  precoderunning py2app creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkedbuild creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkedbuildbdist.macosx10.7intel creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkedbuildbdist.macosx10.7intelpython2.7semistandalone creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkedbuildbdist.macosx10.7intelpython2.7semistandaloneapp creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkedbuildbdist.macosx10.7intelpython2.7semistandaloneappcollect creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkedbuildbdist.macosx10.7intelpython2.7semistandaloneapptemp creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkeddist creating buildbdist.macosx10.7intelpython2.7semistandaloneapplibdynload creating buildbdist.macosx10.7intelpython2.7semistandaloneappFrameworks  using recipe virtualenv   filtering dependencies  376 total 372 filtered 0 orphaned 4 remaining  create binaries   byte compile python files  bytecompiling LibraryPython2.7sitepackagespy2app0.6.3py2.7.eggpy2appbootstrapbootapp.py to bootapp.pyc bytecompiling LibraryPython2.7sitepackagespy2app0.6.3py2.7.eggpy2appbootstrapchdirresource.py to chdirresource.pyc bytecompiling LibraryPython2.7sitepackagespy2app0.6.3py2.7.eggpy2appbootstrapdisablelinecache.py to disablelinecache.pyc bytecompiling UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkedhoursworked.py to hoursworked.pyc  creating application bundle HoursWorked  copying hoursworked.py gt UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkeddistHoursWorked.appContentsResources creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkeddistHoursWorked.appContentsResourceslib creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkeddistHoursWorked.appContentsResourceslibpython2.7 copying buildbdist.macosx10.7intelpython2.7semistandaloneappsitepackages.zip gt UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkeddistHoursWorked.appContentsResourceslibpython2.7 creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkeddistHoursWorked.appContentsResourceslibpython2.7libdynload creating UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkeddistHoursWorked.appContentsFrameworks stripping HoursWorked stripping saved 15936 bytes 71424  87360 codepre  pRunning the appp  precode .distHoursWorked.appContentsMacOSHoursWorked  Traceback most recent call last   File UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkeddistHoursWorked.appContentsResourcesboot.py, line 31, in ltmodulegt     runhoursworked.py   File UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkeddistHoursWorked.appContentsResourcesboot.py, line 28, in run     execfilepath, globals, globals   File UsersbyronDropboxdevHoursWorkeddistHoursWorked.appContentsResourceshoursworked.py, line 3, in ltmodulegt     import objc ImportError No module named objc 20110809 152740.306 HoursWorked[16825707] HoursWorked Error codepre  pThe generated app looks likep  precode du hs distHoursWorked.appContents   0B    distHoursWorked.appContentsFrameworks 4.0K    distHoursWorked.appContentsInfo.plist  76K    distHoursWorked.appContentsMacOS 4.0K    distHoursWorked.appContentsPkgInfo 132K    distHoursWorked.appContentsResources codepre  pIt used to look likep  precode du hs HoursWorked.appContents 4.0M    HoursWorked.appContentsFrameworks 4.0K    HoursWorked.appContentsInfo.plist 188K    HoursWorked.appContentsMacOS 4.0K    HoursWorked.appContentsPkgInfo  12M    HoursWorked.appContentsResources codepre
Negative 10594 pAre there any HTMLJavaScript escaping libraries for Java that have a character stream interfacep
Negative 10594 pI am writing a code that calculates the maximum number in my args variable as well as the largest difference between the highest and lowest integer in args.p  pCurrently my code looks like thisp  precodepublic int maxint [] args array of ints     int m  args[0]  first element      initialisation condition update     for int j  1 j lt args.length j           statement in a block     if m lt args[j]          m  nums[j]          if m is less than the jth element          then store this new smaller value                   return m codepre  pp  precode    public int minint [] args array of integerss         int mi  nums[0]  first element          initialisation condition update         for int j  1 j lt args.length j               statement in a block             if mi gt args[j]                  mi  args[j]              if m is greater than the jth element              then store this new largest value                       return mi codepre  p         compute average by dividing sum of numbers over the countp  precode    public void mainString [] args          System.out.printlnargs[0]          SimpleCalc fm  new SimpleCalc         System.out.printlnfm.maxnums         System.out.printlnfm.maxnums  fm.minnums codepre  pIt was returning values when i used arrays, but it doesnt seem to compile with args. Im not sure how to fix this.p
Negative 10594 pI am currently trying to get a number that increases by one each time its run, I am using a while loop, so in theory every time the loop is run in the code below, the int i should return 1,2,3,4 etc. Although instead it returns 1,1,1,1,1. Just cant get my head around this one.p  precodepublic static void getresponseref int i      i     System.Console.WriteLinei  codepre
Negative 10594 pMy project consists of a single Activity so far that loads a GridView that is populated by an extended BaseAdapter. Typically the view is refreshed by calling BaseAdapter.notifyDataSetChanged from one of my OnClickListener objects.p  pMy problem is that I need to start a timer each time the view is refreshed. I only want to do this when the view has been completely reloaded.p  pI cant seem to find a listener or method that I can override in either the View or Adapter APIs to perform this, although I presume there is one. The closest Ive found is BaseAdapter.registerDataSetObserver although Im not sure this is what Im looking for either.p  pCan anyone advise pleasep  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pLets say I have this in a documentp  precodeltentrygt   ltlink relreplies typeapplicationatomxml hrefhttpwww.url.comfeeds1commentsdefault titleCommentsgt   ltlink relalternate typetexthtml hrefhttpwww.url.comablogpost.html titleA Blog Postgt ltentrygt  ltentrygt   ltlink relreplies typeapplicationatomxml hrefhttpwww.url.comfeeds2commentsdefault titleCommentsgt   ltlink relalternate typetexthtml hrefhttpwww.url.comanotherblogpost.html titleAnother Blog Postgt ltentrygt codepre  pI am trying to use Nokogiri to pull the urls for each of the blog posts, but I am apparently going about it all wrong Im new to programming and having trouble understanding nokogirip  pHeres what I havep  precoderequire nokogiri require openuri  def getpostsurl   posts  []   doc  NokogiriHTMLopenurl   doc.cssentry.alternate.each do e     puts e[href]     posts ltlt e[href]   end   return posts end   puts Enter feed url url  gets.chomp posts  getpostsurl puts posts.tos codepre  pAny help would be great I started this little thing to better learn programming, but Im stuck. My output currently is code[]codep
Negative 10594 pHow can I manipulate html received from the server with getp  precodevar jqxhr  .getajaxgetinfo, functiondata     here I want to change the data         .colorboxhtmlfunction                 return data         codepre  pWhen using Jquery selectors it ignores the html data received, unless I append it to the DOM first. I want to change the data before passing it to Colorbox. How can I do thatp
Negative 10594 pstrongWhat are my mistakes, why do I get the object expected error, and, eventually, how does one debug jScript strong  p  pI am new to Dynamics CRM and I would like to do a small customisation, which seem to require jScript. The instance version 2011  is used mostly to manage client support.  p  pThere are 2 custom entities with relationships  FundLegalEntity  SubFund p  pThe Case Incident form is linked to the FundLegalEntity and the SubFund.br When user enters a SubFund I would like to have the FundLegalEntity filled automatically if   empty.br My question was emhow do I code thatem  p  pWith the help of a hrefhttpmshelp.becreatingacalculatedfieldindynamicscrm2011356.htm relnofollowthis great tutoriala, and a hrefhttpcrm2011odatatool.codeplex.com relnofollowthe very usefull oData Toola, and great help below from user dub, here is my latest codep  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodefunction recalcParent       var lookupValue  Xrm.Page.getAttributenewsubfundid.getValue         var subFundId lookupValue[0].id      alertsubFundId      var request   Xrm.Page.context.getServerUrl           xrmServices2011OrganizationData.svcnewsubfundSet           selectnewLegalEntityIdamp           filternewsubfundId eq guid subFundId       alertrequest  .ajax     type GET,     contentType applicationjson charsetutf8,     datatype json,     url request,     async false,     beforeSend          function XMLHttpRequest                        XMLHttpRequest.setRequestHeaderAccept, applicationjson          ,     success          function data, textStatus, XmlHttpRequest                       var result  data.d.results[0]             alertresult             var parentFundLookup  [ entityType  newfund, id  result.LegalEntityId, name  result.FundLegalEntity]                                Set the value of the parent fund lookup          ,     error          function XmlHttpRequest, textStatus, errorThrown                        alertFailed                          codepre  pI have no more errors, the first 2 alerts commente out are giving me correct results. THe 3rd alert displays object Object, and the control I expect to update is not updated.br Any hint please   I suppose the last problem is in the codevar parentFundLookup code line...br I am a bit confused by all these different names.br Thanks   p  hr  h2Edith2  pIts nearly working now when I modify the subfund in the Incident, the Legal Entity gets updated with the correct legal entity name, but the text box has a strange aspect, and the icon at the left of the text box is strange as well. Here is the latest bit of code  p  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodesuccess      function data, textStatus, XmlHttpRequest               var result  data.d.results[0]         alertresult.newLegalEntityId.Name         var parentFundLookup  [ entityType  newLegalEntity, id  result.newLegalEntityId.Id, name  result.newLegalEntityId.Name]             Xrm.Page.getAttributenewfundlegalentityid.setValueparentFundLookup     , codepre  pI suspect that the problem lies in the codeentityType  newLegalEntitycode, but I dont know what to put in there. Any clue on this  What does that represent br a hrefhttpgoo.glTdaOB relnofollowHere is a screenshota of the Legal Entity after the SubFund is updated and the script has run.p
Negative 10594 pCan you explain how the codesizeofcode works with a random length array I thought codesizeofcode on an array is calculated during the compilation, however, the size of an array with random length seems to be calculated correctly.p  pExample p  precodeinclude ltstdlib.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include lttime.hgt  int main     srand  unsignedtime  NULL       int r  rand10     int arr[r] array with random length     printfr  d size  dn,r, sizeofarr print the random number, array size     return 0  codepre  pThe output from multiple runsp  precoder  8 size  32 r  6 size  24 r  1 size  4 codepre  pCompiler gcc 4.4.3p
Negative 10594 pIm having difficulty finding the what Im sure is a very common design pattern to work around the following problem. Consider this piece of codep  precodeclass AA  class BB  public AA   class A  public     virtual void fooAAamp aa  0   class B  A  public     void fooBBamp bbcoutltltBfooltltendl   int main      B b     BB bb     b.foobb  codepre  pThis code will not compile because the class B does not override the pure virtual function foo. The compiler considers the foo that B declares only as an overload to foo because covariance is not allowed in input parameters in overriden functions. p  pNow, I understand the reason for this. The fact that B inherits from A means that it should be able to handle any calls to foo with parameters of type AA, and the previous code gave no implementation to handle any parameter type except BB.p  pOf course I could just cast the aa to BB in Bs foo implementation, but Im looking for a solution that preserves typesafety and actually forces the implementer of B class to also implement a class that inherits from AA in order for the code to compile. In an ideal world I would be able to write something that looks like this pseudocodep  precodeclass A  public     abstract class AA indicates that any child of A must implement also child of AA     abstract void fooAAamp aa   class B  public A  public     class BB  AA will not compile without this     void fooBBamp bbcoutltltBfooltltendl  codepre  pIs there a way to achieve something similar to this in C boost maybe, by some kind of mapping object without the need for inheritancep  pPlease note that in actuality unlike in the example, inheritance between BB and AA is crucial as AA has many children that share many qualities, and in the end what I want to accomplish is to iterate over a vector of A classes and run foo only with appropriate parameters vector of AAsp
Negative 10594 pIm about to start to develop and application in C but I realized that I havent the enough knowledge to develop it yet S. The things that I need to find out a way to let the Web server comunicate with my application, i.e., in short, is there a way to let the web server not the Client which is the trivial case send a messege to a Client applicationp  pI know that I way to solve its to make Client applications periodically send messages to the web server but thats not what I want cause polling generates overheadp  pSorry about my english Im not a native speaker.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pI have several DIVs on my page that I would like to be able to expand  collapse. Im using the code below to do so, but it only applies to an entire class.. Can I apply it to whatever is being clicked for example, self.slideTogglep  precode Activate Toggle for Showing  Hiding More Price Tables         .slidingDiv.hide         .showhide.show      .showhide.clickfunction     .slidingDiv.slideToggle     return false        codepre  pEDIT Here is an example of markup p  precodelta href classshowhidegtVideo amp Musicltagt     ltdiv classslidingDivgtCONTENT HEREltdivgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI Have used my all my images  in strongdrawablehdpistrong folder . why cannot my layout properly outcome my emulator with different sizes.  I hava faced this error according to pictures.p  pI have also include following code in manifest file.p  precode       ltsupportsscreens            androidsmallScreenstrue           androidnormalScreenstrue           androidlargeScreenstrue           androidanyDensityfalse                      gt codepre  pHere androidanyDensityfalse check both false and true but could not any change, and also use Resizable true and androidsmallScreensfalse also used but could not get any change. my all images are 96dpi resolution and main background image size 480800 for normal screen of hdpiWVGA800. so what is the my problem please find out and help me. Thanks in advance.p  pstrongEditedstrongp  precode ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt     ltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid        androidorientationvertical androidlayoutheightfillparent        androidlayoutwidthfillparent androidbackgrounddrawablenormalbg          androidgravitytopgt  ltImageView androidididgroup1 androidbackgrounddrawablegroupone     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue androidlayoutmarginRight5dip androidlayoutmarginTop138dipgt  ltImageView androidididgroup2 androidbackgrounddrawablegrouptwo     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue androidlayoutbelowidgroup1     androidlayoutmarginRight5dipgt  ltImageView androidididgroup3 androidbackgrounddrawablegroupthree     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue androidlayoutbelowidgroup2     androidlayoutmarginRight5dipgt  ltImageView androidididgroup4 androidbackgrounddrawablegroupfour     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue androidlayoutbelowidgroup3 androidlayoutmarginRight7dipgt  ltLinearLayout androidorientationhorizontal     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue androidbaselineAlignedtruegt      ltImageView androidididbackToLevel androidbackgrounddrawableback         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue androidlayoutbelowidgroup4         androidlayoutgravitycenterhorizontal androidlayoutmarginLeft116dip androidlayoutmarginBottom3dipgt  ltLinearLayoutgt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to add a few additional lines of code to the PageLoad method of an ASP.Net page, where the existing PageLoad code is stored in a compiled codebehind DLL. I dont have access to the source for the DLL, although I can extract the code for the PageLoad method using Dis.p  pWhat is the best way to add the new code I need the existing PageLoad code to execute, together with the new code, and it doesnt matter in what order they execute.p  pSpecifically, Im fixing an old application that uses the Telerik RadEditor which doesnt work correctly under Firefox 6. See a hrefhttpwww.telerik.comcommunityforumsaspneteditorradeditorforaspnetdoesnotworkproperlyinfirefox6.aspx relnofollowthis pagea for the exact code Im adding.p
Negative 10594 pIm using a Required Field Validator code below with a Radio Button List within a Wizard to ensure the user selects a value before proceeding to the next step of the wizard. This is working fine with all browsers except for Safari. Even when the user has selected a value from the Radio Button List the Validation Error Message is being shown and not allowing the user to proceed. I cannot figure out why this might be and why it might only be for Safari.p  pAny suggestionsp  precode            ltaspWizardStep IDWizardStep2 runatserver TitleStep 2gt             Below are the results of your search, select a publication to continue or search again.              ltbr gtltbr gt                     ltaspRadioButtonList IDrblpublication runatservergt                     ltaspRadioButtonListgt             ltaspRequiredFieldValidator IDpublistvalid runatserver                  ControlToValidaterblpublication                  ErrorMessage Please select a publicationgt Please select a publicationltaspRequiredFieldValidatorgt             ltbr gt             ltaspLabel IDlblpublicationsnodata runatserver                  stylefontweight 700                  TextSorry...No publications are available for the selected criteria, please try again.                  VisibleFalsegtltaspLabelgtltbr gtltbr gt         ltaspWizardStepgt codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to reproduce some of the layouts used at the a hrefhttpcode.google.comwebtoolkitdoclatestDevGuideUiPanels.htmlLayoutPanels relnofollowcode.google.comwebtoolkita page, and its partially working  I get the desired layout in a strict box form, but their examples show nice rounded corners and padding between sections. Is that something I can simply turn on, or do I have to add CSS to do all that for myself I was hoping I could just turn it onp
Negative 10594 pI have since the beginning been annoyed with the compatibility of CSS. Whats the best practice for coding css, that works with the most common platforms...   IE7, Firefox, Safari, Chrome AND iPad  iPhone, Blacberry, Android p  pAre there any list to be found anywhere with known differences  p  pThanks  Jakobp
Negative 10594 pBanging my head against the wall here. Ive got a button opening a dialog box with a form in it. The form is generated via PHP then loaded via ajax as content into the dialog. It all seem to be working except for the selects. The option text is moved outside the option tag.p  pThe calling jqueryp  precode.ajax     type POST,     url wizardbasicinfocontact,     dataType html,     success functionhtml          console.loghtml         dialogform.appendhtml         dialogform.dialogopen       codepre  pThe console.log just inside the success function produces basicallyp  precodeltform action methodpost idcontactgt ltlabelgtPayment Termsltlabelgt ltselect namepaymentterms idpaymenttermsgt     ltoption value selectedselectedgtltoptiongt     ltoption valuenet15gtNet 15ltoptiongt     ltoption valuenet30gtNet 30ltoptiongt     ltoption valuenet45gtNet 45ltoptiongt     ltoption valuenet60gtNet 60ltoptiongt     ltoption valuecodgtCODltoptiongt     ltoption valueconsignmentgtConsignmentltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre  pp  pBut inspecting the DOM of the finished form yeildsp  precodeltform action methodpost idcontactgt ltlabelgtPayment Termsltlabelgt ltselect namepaymentterms idpaymenttermsgt     ltoption value selectedselectedgtltoptiongt     ltoption valuenet15gtltoptiongtNet 15     ltoption valuenet30gtltoptiongtNet 30     ltoption valuenet45gtltoptiongtNet 45     ltoption valuenet60gtltoptiongtNet 60     ltoption valuecodgtltoptiongtCOD     ltoption valueconsignmentgtltoptiongtConsignment ltselectgt codepre  pp  pObviously the text for each option is on the wrong side. Any suggestionsp  pAnswered Oop, my bad. I coded my custom element view script wrong. I added a trailing slash to the option tag. Thisp  precodeltoption valuenet15 gtNet 15ltoptiongt codepre  pShould have beenp  precodeltoption valuenet15gtNet 15ltoptiongt codepre  pMy bad, thanks for the help.p
Negative 10594 pIm currently showing a ToolTip on each of my TreeNodes viap  precodemyTreeNode.ToolTipText  My ToolTip codepre  pIs there a possibility to format the Text other than creating a ToolTipSubclass which draws the Text differentlyp
Negative 10594 pI am looking for a rotating banner system that would allow thisp  pThis would be the first slide img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comm9T8i.jpg altSlide 1 And this would be the second slide img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6Lzn5.jpg altSlide 2p  pThe banner should rotate automatically, but one should also be able to click the different titles, leading to the respective slide.p  pPer slide, the background image changes, and a different text with link is shown in a semi transparent red div, as you can see. The slides should be HTML, no images.p  pIve found a whole lot of sliders and accordions, but they dont cut it. Do you know anything that would work or what do you advise to dop  pKind regards,p  pMp
Negative 10594 pIm working with a lot of reports that use the same data parameters in filters. Periodically that data changes and I have to go through every report and change the one parameter so that the filter functions properly. Is there a way I can make my reports reference either another report or file for this filter so that I only have to change the source, rather than going through every report and modifying the filter Ive tried a few things with the report parameters, but Im not sure how to have the parameters set to anything other than data from a prompt. If I wasnt clear enough, please tell me and Ill try to make my question clearer Thanks.p
Negative 10594 pAs there are some issues with onunload and onbeforeunload event on iPad Safari, I found an equivalent issue for iPad pagehide as listed onp  pa hrefhttpwww.webkit.orgblog516webkitpagecacheiitheunloadevent relnofollowhttpwww.webkit.orgblog516webkitpagecacheiitheunloadeventap  pNow my question is   1. Is pagehide equivelent to unload OR beforeunload events   2. I am using a DWR call in simple terms , it is an AJAX call inside this pagehide event handler asp  precodesomeObj.saveDatajsonString,asyncfalse codepre  pHere saveData is actually a Java function which does the data save.. Now please please...i do understand that it is a BAD PRACTICE to save data on unload events...But this has been coded existing into my app and i cannot change it..p  pSo my question is how exactly will it behave...like will it continue to run in the background while the page is being unloaded and in case of pagehide at what point will it be calledp
Negative 10594 pthis seems to work when i put an item in it to filter, but i dont want to add a filter, ie just happy to sum the column and thats it.p  pive tried passing in string.empty and  but no joyp  precodeobject objColTotal objColTotal  dataSetDataTable.ComputeSumPrice,  decimal tot  Convert.ToDecimalobjColTotal codepre
Negative 10594 pI have this functionp  precode .delete.liveclick, function    var commentContainer  this.parent         var id  this.attrid                     var string  id id          .ajax           url ltphp echo siteurlmessagesdelete gt,        type POST,        data string,        cache false,        success function           commentContainer.slideUp600, function this.remove              .messages.fadeOut2000, functionthis.remove                 messages.loadltphp echo siteurlmessagesshow gt, function                     this.slideDown2000                     deleteConfirmSetupqst  Add function call here                                                                 return false  codepre  pIt is working up to a load. It is loading data, but there is no slideDown  data is suddenly presented. How to fix this  p
Negative 10594 pHow can I develop an iphone application that will allow the user to see the image in different directions like view the image in side view, top view, front view, etc.p  pInitially the image is in front view. If the user selects sideview, I have to do a camera effect to go to sideview.p  pWhat technology do I have to use Is it openGL Any Ideasp
Negative 10594 pIm converting an Ant based project to be buildable by Maven. Standard build is working for now. Im trying to migrate the additional build targets which are specified in the original Ant build descriptor. Our project can be deployed as a desktop application or as a Web Start launchable client. You can invoke the original Ant file naturally with dist, which simply builds the project but doesnt do post processing for web start, and also theres a dedicated target for JWS which calls dist, then do jar signing and rearranging the distribution files to be be easily deployable to the web server.p  pIve found out that Maven has a Jarsigner plugin for doing code signing. My project currently builds the core jar, copies all artifact dependencies to target, creates the correct manifest file for the core jar, and also unpacks the configuration artifact to target this contains various things, like XMLs and property files. However i dont know how to fit into the Maven descriptor the following additional stepsp  ul liSign all jar files also external dependencies, removing existing signatures as well.li liRearrange the resulting jar files to a different directory layout. I also need to edit XML files for this configuration and pack them to a configuration jar which needs to get signed also.li ul  pAfter modification the project have to be buildable the standard way. So Web Start build have to be optional. I should note that we are using NetBeans to builddebugprofile the application.p  pIm a little bit lost how to achive these with Maven. Could someone please give some suggestion how should i move forwardp
Negative 10594 pIm creating a system that involves the reservation of tickets by many users within a short period of time with only a certain number of reservations possible in total. Say 600 tickets available, potentially all being reserved in 3 hour period or less.p  pIdeally I want to ensure the limit of reservations is not reached so before creating a reservation I am checking whether its possible to make the reservation against the number of tickets available. Crucially I need to make sure no updates take places between that check and  assigning the tickets to a user, to be sure the ticket limit wont be exceeded.p  pIm trying to use mysql table write locks to achieve this however am running into problems implementing this within the codeigniter framework. Within the model handling this Ive created several functions, one for creating the reservation and others for counting numbers of different types of tickets. The problem is that they dont seem to be sharing the same database sessions as they ticket counting functions are locking up.p  pThe order of execution isp  ul lirun thismodelnamecreatereservation in controllerli lirun lock query in modelnamecreatereservationli licall counting method in modelnamecreatereservationli licounting function which is a method in the modelname class locks up, presumably because using different database sessionli ul  pThe database library is loaded in the model construct method with thisloaddatabasep  pAny ideasp
Negative 10594 pSafari does not update the codedocument.body.scrollLeftcode when sliding a finger on Apples magic mouse or on the touchpad. It only triggers when releasing the finger. Try following example in Safari under OSX Lion. It updates as expected in other browsers but works like the swiping on iOS in Safari Lion seems to triggers on codetouchendcode. p  pDragging the scrollbar makes it behave as expected. Scrolling forth and back with the touchpad or Apples magic mouse makes it behave weird.p  pa hrefhttpfiddle.jshell.netZ48fvshow relnofollowDemoap  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netZ48fv relnofollowFiddleap  pIt can be solvable by moving the content into a container with codewidth 100 height 100 overflowleft scrollcode but my problem is that need to get it from the codebodycode. Any ideasp
Negative 10594 pstrongView Modelstrongp  precodepublic class Note      [DataTypeDataType.MultilineText]     public string Text  get set   codepre  pDefault editor template renders a codelttextareagtcode element with the newlines preserved.p  pThe default display template renders the text as a single string with the newlines removed.p  pstrongI tried this, but it doesnt workstrongp  pViewsSharedEditorTemplatesMultilineText.cshtmlp  precodemodel string  Html.RawModel.ReplaceSystem.Environment.NewLine, ltbr gt codepre  pI can do something silly like codeHtml.RawModel.Replacee, ltbr gtcode and it will work but of course I only want to replace the newline characters the codeltbr gtcode element I also tried using codencode and that didnt work either. p  pAny ideasp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI took an video from you tube to Retrieving Data from SQL Server using C and ADO.Netp  pa hrefhttpwww.youtube.comwatchv4kBXLv4h2igampfeaturerelated relnofollowhttpwww.youtube.comwatchv4kBXLv4h2igampfeaturerelatedap  pI Do the same as him in the video... I want to show data from an sql database in a DataGridView. p  pI get an error whit p  precodeda.Filldg dg.DataSource  dg.Tables[0] codepre  pI name my  codeDataGridView dgcode...p  pComplete codep  precodeusing System.Data.SqlClient  namespace SQLconnection    public partial class Form1  Form      SqlConnection cs  new SqlConnectionData SourceFRANKPCSQLEXPRESS Initial CatalogForc Integrated SecurityTRUE     SqlDataAdapter da  new SqlDataAdapter      public Form1              InitializeComponent           private void button1Clickobject sender, EventArgs e              da.InsertCommand new SqlCommand INSERT INTO tblContacts VALUES FirstName,LastName,    cs          da.InsertCommand.Parameters.AddFirstName, SqlDbType.VarChar.Value  txtFirstName.Text         da.InsertCommand.Parameters.AddLastName, SqlDbType.VarChar.Value  txtLastname.Text          cs.Open         da.InsertCommand.ExecuteNonQuery         cs.Close            Display data in dg     private void button2Clickobject sender, EventArgs e              da.SelectCommand  new SqlCommandSELECT  FROM tblContacts, cs         da.Filldg           dg.DataSource  dg.Tables[0]         codepre  pp
Negative 10594 pIs there an easy possibility to create a Windows 7 Jumplist clone to use it as a ListViewControl Especially the design should be 11 to the original.p  pemimportantem Im working with WPF if that helps.p
Negative 10594 pI wonder how can i parametrize an image source inside an style, and this style is used inside another style. Let me try to be more clear. I defined an style for buttons, the style has an image. Then i have another style. On that style, I have two buttons ive applied the button style, and i want to able to change the image of each button. But i cant get it work. p  pThe first part of the code defines a style for a button the idea is to change the image as needed to represent an action.p  pThis is my codep  precodeltStyle xKeyInnerInscribirseButtonMatch TargetTypexType Buttongt         ltSetter PropertyTemplategt             ltSetter.Valuegt                 ltControlTemplate TargetTypexType Buttongt                     ltControlTemplate.Resourcesgt                         ltStoryboard xKeyMouseOvergt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFrames Storyboard.TargetPropertyUIElement.RenderTransform.TransformGroup.Children[3].TranslateTransform.X Storyboard.TargetNameBlurbackgt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime0 Value0gt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime000.1 Value0.666gt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFramesgt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFrames Storyboard.TargetPropertyUIElement.Opacity Storyboard.TargetNameBlurbackgt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime0 Value0gt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime000.1 Value0.705gt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFramesgt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFrames Storyboard.TargetPropertyUIElement.RenderTransform.TransformGroup.Children[3].TranslateTransform.Y Storyboard.TargetNamecontentPresentergt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime0 Value0gt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime000.1 Value2.665gt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFramesgt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFrames Storyboard.TargetPropertyUIElement.RenderTransform.TransformGroup.Children[3].TranslateTransform.X Storyboard.TargetNamecontentPresentergt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime0 Value0gt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime000.1 Value2.999gt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFramesgt                             ltColorAnimationUsingKeyFrames Storyboard.TargetPropertyShape.Fill.SolidColorBrush.Color Storyboard.TargetNameBlurbackgt                                 ltEasingColorKeyFrame KeyTime0 ValueFFE9E9A7gt                                 ltEasingColorKeyFrame KeyTime000.1 ValueFFF1F0DDgt                             ltColorAnimationUsingKeyFramesgt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFrames Storyboard.TargetPropertyUIElement.RenderTransform.TransformGroup.Children[3].TranslateTransform.Y Storyboard.TargetNameimagegt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime0 Value0gt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime000.1 Value3gt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFramesgt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFrames Storyboard.TargetPropertyUIElement.RenderTransform.TransformGroup.Children[3].TranslateTransform.X Storyboard.TargetNameimagegt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime0 Value0gt                                 ltEasingDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime000.1 Value4gt                             ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFramesgt                             ltColorAnimationUsingKeyFrames Storyboard.TargetPropertyShape.Fill.SolidColorBrush.Color Storyboard.TargetNameBackgt                                 ltEasingColorKeyFrame KeyTime0 ValueFF356AA0gt                                 ltEasingColorKeyFrame KeyTime000.1 ValueFF1264B6gt                             ltColorAnimationUsingKeyFramesgt                         ltStoryboardgt                     ltControlTemplate.Resourcesgt                     ltGridgt                         ltRectangle xNameBlurback RadiusY5 RadiusX5 StrokeFF3F4C6B StrokeThickness2 FillFF5B8BBC Margin4.5,4 Opacity0 RenderTransformOrigin0.5,0.5gt                             ltRectangle.RenderTransformgt                                 ltTransformGroupgt                                     ltScaleTransformgt                                     ltSkewTransformgt                                     ltRotateTransformgt                                     ltTranslateTransformgt                                 ltTransformGroupgt                             ltRectangle.RenderTransformgt                             ltRectangle.Effectgt                                 ltBlurEffect Radius7gt                             ltRectangle.Effectgt                         ltRectanglegt                         ltRectangle xNameBack RadiusY5 RadiusX5 StrokeFF3F4C6B StrokeThickness2 FillFF356AA0gt                         ltRectangle xNameGlass RadiusY5 RadiusX5 StrokeFF3F4C6B StrokeThickness2 FillWhite HeightAuto VerticalAlignmentStretch Opacity0.15 Margin0,0,0,61 RenderTransformOrigin0.5,0.5gt                             ltRectangle.RenderTransformgt                                 ltTransformGroupgt                                     ltScaleTransformgt                                     ltSkewTransformgt                                     ltRotateTransformgt                                     ltTranslateTransformgt                                 ltTransformGroupgt                             ltRectangle.RenderTransformgt                         ltRectanglegt                         ltContentPresenter xNamecontentPresenter HorizontalAlignmentCenter RecognizesAccessKeyTrue VerticalAlignmentBottom RenderTransformOrigin0.5,0.5 Margin13.766,0,15.766,14.351 dLayoutOverridesWidthgt                             ltContentPresenter.Effectgt                                 ltDropShadowEffect Opacity0.77gt                             ltContentPresenter.Effectgt                             ltContentPresenter.RenderTransformgt                                 ltTransformGroupgt                                     ltScaleTransformgt                                     ltSkewTransformgt                                     ltRotateTransformgt                                     ltTranslateTransformgt                                 ltTransformGroupgt                             ltContentPresenter.RenderTransformgt                         ltContentPresentergt                         ltImage xNameimage Margin12,3.5,17,22.5 RenderTransformOrigin0.5,0.5 Width64 Height64 Sourceapuntarlista.pnggt                             ltImage.RenderTransformgt                                 ltTransformGroupgt                                     ltScaleTransformgt                                     ltSkewTransformgt                                     ltRotateTransformgt                                     ltTranslateTransformgt                                 ltTransformGroupgt                             ltImage.RenderTransformgt                         ltImagegt                     ltGridgt                     ltControlTemplate.Triggersgt                         ltEventTrigger RoutedEventMouse.MouseDowngt                             ltBeginStoryboard xNameMouseOverBeginStoryboard StoryboardStaticResource MouseOvergt                         ltEventTriggergt                         ltEventTrigger RoutedEventMouse.MouseUpgt                             ltStopStoryboard BeginStoryboardNameMouseOverBeginStoryboardgt                         ltEventTriggergt                         ltEventTrigger RoutedEventMouse.MouseLeavegt                             ltStopStoryboard BeginStoryboardNameMouseOverBeginStoryboardgt                         ltEventTriggergt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsCancel ValueFalsegt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsFocused ValueTruegt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsDefaulted ValueTruegt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsMouseOver ValueTruegt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsPressed ValueTruegt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsEnabled ValueFalsegt                     ltControlTemplate.Triggersgt                 ltControlTemplategt             ltSetter.Valuegt         ltSettergt     ltStylegt codepre  pwell, this is the part i want to customize. The source part emSourceapuntarlista.pngemp  precodeltImage xNameimage Margin12,3.5,17,22.5 RenderTransformOrigin0.5,0.5 Width64 Height64 Sourceapuntarlista.pnggt                             ltImage.RenderTransformgt                                 ltTransformGroupgt                                     ltScaleTransformgt                                     ltSkewTransformgt                                     ltRotateTransformgt                                     ltTranslateTransformgt                                 ltTransformGroupgt                             ltImage.RenderTransformgt                         ltImagegt codepre  phere, you have the second stylep  precodeltStyle xKeyButtonStyleCambiable TargetTypexType Buttongt         ltSetter PropertyTemplategt             ltSetter.Valuegt                 ltControlTemplate TargetTypexType Buttongt                     ltGrid Height130 WidthAuto Margin50,0,315,0gt                         ltRectangle xNamebackground FillBinding BackgroundColor, FallbackValueFF932424 RadiusY15 RadiusX15 StrokeBinding BorderBackgroundColor, FallbackValueFF954444 StrokeThickness3 Height130 Width375 Margin0 HorizontalAlignmentLeft dLayoutOverridesHorizontalAlignmentgt                         ltRectangle xNamewhiteglass FillWhite RadiusY15 RadiusX15 StrokexNull StrokeThickness3 Opacity0.07 Height65 VerticalAlignmentTop Width375 Margin0 HorizontalAlignmentLeft ClipToBoundsTrue dLayoutOverridesHorizontalAlignmentgt                         ltTextBlock HorizontalAlignmentLeft Margin13,13.901,0,0 TextWrappingWrap Width272 VerticalAlignmentCenter FontSize48 FontFamilyCambria ForegroundWhite TextBinding Description, FallbackValue50100 FontWeightBoldgt                             ltTextBlock.Effectgt                                 ltDropShadowEffect ShadowDepth3 Opacity0.35 BlurRadius13gt                             ltTextBlock.EffectgtltTextBlockgt                         ltTextBlock HorizontalAlignmentLeft Margin206,14.192,0,0 TextWrappingWrap Width122 VerticalAlignmentTop FontSize24 FontFamilyCambria ForegroundWhite FontWeightBold TextEn espera  dLayoutOverridesHorizontalAlignmentgt                             ltTextBlock.Effectgt                                 ltDropShadowEffect ShadowDepth3 Opacity0.35 BlurRadius13gt                             ltTextBlock.EffectgtltTextBlockgt                         ltTextBlock HorizontalAlignmentLeft Margin210,50.123,0,51.739 TextWrappingWrap Width109 VerticalAlignmentStretch FontSize24 FontFamilyCambria ForegroundWhite FontWeightBold TextLibres  dLayoutOverridesHorizontalAlignment, Heightgt                             ltTextBlock.Effectgt                                 ltDropShadowEffect ShadowDepth3 Opacity0.35 BlurRadius13gt                             ltTextBlock.EffectgtltTextBlockgt                         ltTextBlock HorizontalAlignmentLeft Margin292,51.123,0,50.739 TextWrappingWrap Width130 VerticalAlignmentStretch FontSize24 FontFamilyCambria ForegroundWhite FontWeightBold TextBinding FreeSits, FallbackValue10 dLayoutOverridesHorizontalAlignment, Heightgt                             ltTextBlock.Effectgt                                 ltDropShadowEffect ShadowDepth3 Opacity0.35 BlurRadius13gt                             ltTextBlock.EffectgtltTextBlockgt                         ltTextBlock HorizontalAlignmentLeft Margin329,15.192,0,0 TextWrappingWrap Width96 VerticalAlignmentTop FontSize24 FontFamilyCambria ForegroundWhite FontWeightBold TextBinding PeopleWaiting, FallbackValue1 dLayoutOverridesHorizontalAlignmentgt                             ltTextBlock.Effectgt                                 ltDropShadowEffect ShadowDepth3 Opacity0.35 BlurRadius13gt                             ltTextBlock.EffectgtltTextBlockgt                         ltButton ContentInscribir HorizontalAlignmentLeft Margin381,2,0,2 StyleDynamicResource InnerInscribirseButtonMatch Width129 FontFamilyCalibri FontSize24 ForegroundWhite HeightAuto VerticalAlignmentStretch Opacity0.85gt                         ltButton ContentInfo HorizontalAlignmentLeft Margin518,2,0,2 StyleDynamicResource InnerInscribirseButtonMatch Width129 FontFamilyCalibri FontSize24 ForegroundWhite HeightAuto VerticalAlignmentStretch Opacity0.85gt                     ltGridgt                     ltControlTemplate.Triggersgt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsFocused ValueTruegt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsDefaulted ValueTruegt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsMouseOver ValueTruegt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsPressed ValueTruegt                         ltTrigger PropertyIsEnabled ValueFalsegt                     ltControlTemplate.Triggersgt                 ltControlTemplategt             ltSetter.Valuegt         ltSettergt     ltStylegt codepre  pthere i have p  precodeltButton ContentInscribir HorizontalAlignmentLeft Margin381,2,0,2 StyleDynamicResource InnerInscribirseButtonMatch Width129 FontFamilyCalibri FontSize24 ForegroundWhite HeightAuto VerticalAlignmentStretch Opacity0.85gt  ltButton ContentInfo HorizontalAlignmentLeft Margin518,2,0,2 StyleDynamicResource InnerInscribirseButtonMatch Width129 FontFamilyCalibri FontSize24 ForegroundWhite HeightAuto VerticalAlignmentStretch Opacity0.85gt codepre  pas you can see both buttons use StyleDynamicResource InnerInscribirseButtonMatchp  pbut i want each one to have a diferent image.p  pHow can i do that I Hope to be clear.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pMy program needs to gracefully terminate when a Windows event becomes signaled. I am using Boosts ASIO library for its sockets. I only have one codeioservicecode object. How can I register this event handle with the codeioservicecode, so it calls a callback when the event signalsp
Negative 10594 pI have read plenty of ways of removing the comma at the end of a string when doing basic queries but none of the basic stuff seems to be working with this particular script. Hopefully Im just over thinking this. My script goes through the database and places the cities under the proper states but I need the last cities comma to be removed.p  pHere is the script I am usingp  precodeltphp sql  SELECT  FROM markets WHERE id  0 ORDER BY marketstate res  mysqlquerysql list  array while r  mysqlfetchobjectres   list[rgtmarketstate][rgtid][marketcities]  rgtmarketcities    foreach list as marketstate gt marketcities  echo lth1gt . marketstate . lth1gt  foreach marketcities as cityId gt cityInfo  echo cityInfo[marketcities]. ,   etc    gt codepre
Negative 10594 pI want to try and learn MPI as well as parallel programming.p  pCan a sandbox be created on my desktop PCp  pHow can this be donep  pLinux and windows solutions are welcome.p
Negative 10594 pI want a to create a short 6 character link with every submit button hit.p  pI mean to say when a person hits the submit button, i want to take the data entered and save it in a database and create a permalink for it. It should be 6 characters long and only containing [az] [AZ] [09].p  pI will save the 6 character string in the database with the entered data.p  pSo how should i go about making this code and how should i generate the 6 charactersp  pAnd BTW i was thinking of making this code in PHP...p  pThanks...p
Negative 10594 pI am learning some GUI stuff on Java and I think Im missing something here. I have some components vertically listed using BoxLayout, such as some JButtons one above other. Now I want to separate them drawing a line between them. Do I have to use the Graphics library or is there some Swing way to separate the components with a linep  pGoing straight to the question How to draw a line to separate components such as JButtons and which is the recommended way of doing itp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI have a URL that looks like this a hrefhttpdomain.comindex.phpviewtest relnofollowhttpdomain.comindex.phpviewtesta. How do i rewrite it so it doesnt have codeindex.phpviewcode in it. I just want it to look like a hrefhttpdomain.comtest relnofollowhttpdomain.comtesta. I want users to be able to type that short url directly in the browserp  pI tried the following in code.htaccesscode but its not workingp  precodeRewriteEngine  on RewriteRule  index.phpview codepre  pIm running php 5.2.17p
Negative 10594 pI need to have sessions enables in my WCF service. so I have top  precodeltserviceHostingEnvironment aspNetCompatibilityEnabledtruegt codepre  pWhen I do that I get an exceptionp  blockquote   pThe service cannot be activated because it does not support ASP.NET   compatibility. ASP.NET compatibility is enabled for this application.   Turn off ASP.NET compatibility mode in the web.config or add the   AspNetCompatibilityRequirements attribute to the service type with   RequirementsMode setting as Allowed or Requiredp blockquote  pThis is my web.configp  pp  precodeltcompilation debugtruegt   ltassembliesgt     ltadd assemblySystem.Core, Version3.5.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenB77A5C561934E089gt     ltadd assemblySystem.Web.Extensions, Version3.5.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31BF3856AD364E35gt   ltassembliesgt ltcompilationgt codepre  pp  p                                             p  p   p  pp  precodeltservicesgt   ltservice behaviorConfigurationExecutionEngine.AccountsBehavior nameWebService.Services.Accountsgt     ltendpoint address bindingwsHttpBinding contractWebService.Services.IAccounts bindingConfigurationSafeServiceConfgt       ltidentitygt         ltdns valuelocalhostgt       ltidentitygt     ltendpointgt     ltendpoint addressmex bindingmexHttpsBinding contractIMetadataExchangegt   ltservicegt ltservicesgt    ltbehaviorsgt   ltserviceBehaviorsgt     ltbehavior namedefaultBehaviorgt       ltserviceDebug includeExceptionDetailInFaultstrue gt       ltserviceMetadata httpGetEnabledtrue gt     ltbehaviorgt     ltbehavior namegt       ltserviceMetadata httpGetEnabledtrue gt       ltserviceDebug includeExceptionDetailInFaultsfalse gt     ltbehaviorgt     ltbehavior nameExecutionEngine.AccountsBehaviorgt       ltserviceMetadata httpGetEnabledtruegt       ltserviceDebug includeExceptionDetailInFaultstrue gt       ltserviceCredentialsgt         ltuserNameAuthentication              userNamePasswordValidationModeCustom              customUserNamePasswordValidatorTypeWebService.Services.Security.CustomValidator,WebService gt       ltserviceCredentialsgt     ltbehaviorgt   ltserviceBehaviorsgt ltbehaviorsgt    ltbindingsgt        ltwsHttpBindinggt     ltbinding nameSafeServiceConf maxReceivedMessageSize65536gt       ltreaderQuotas maxStringContentLength65536 maxArrayLength65536          maxBytesPerRead65536 gt       ltsecurity modeTransportWithMessageCredentialgt         ltmessage clientCredentialTypeUserName gt       ltsecuritygt     ltbindinggt     ltbinding nameCrmServiceEndpoint closeTimeout000100 openTimeout000100 receiveTimeout001000 sendTimeout000100 bypassProxyOnLocalfalse transactionFlowfalse hostNameComparisonModeStrongWildcard maxBufferPoolSize524288 maxReceivedMessageSize65536 messageEncodingText textEncodingutf8 useDefaultWebProxytrue allowCookiesfalsegt       ltreaderQuotas maxDepth32 maxStringContentLength8192 maxArrayLength16384 maxBytesPerRead4096 maxNameTableCharCount16384 gt       ltreliableSession orderedtrue inactivityTimeout001000 enabledfalse gt       ltsecurity modeMessagegt         lttransport clientCredentialTypeWindows proxyCredentialTypeNone realm gt         ltmessage clientCredentialTypeCertificate negotiateServiceCredentialfalse algorithmSuiteDefault establishSecurityContextfalse gt       ltsecuritygt     ltbindinggt     ltbinding nameCrmServiceEndpointSSL closeTimeout000100 openTimeout000100 receiveTimeout001000 sendTimeout000100 bypassProxyOnLocalfalse transactionFlowfalse hostNameComparisonModeStrongWildcard maxBufferPoolSize524288 maxReceivedMessageSize65536 messageEncodingText textEncodingutf8 useDefaultWebProxytrue allowCookiesfalsegt       ltreaderQuotas maxDepth32 maxStringContentLength8192 maxArrayLength16384 maxBytesPerRead4096 maxNameTableCharCount16384 gt       ltreliableSession orderedtrue inactivityTimeout001000 enabledfalse gt       ltsecurity modeTransportWithMessageCredentialgt         lttransport clientCredentialTypeNone proxyCredentialTypeNone realm gt         ltmessage clientCredentialTypeCertificate negotiateServiceCredentialtrue algorithmSuiteDefault establishSecurityContextfalse gt       ltsecuritygt     ltbindinggt   ltwsHttpBindinggt  ltbindingsgt   ltserviceHostingEnvironment aspNetCompatibilityEnabledtruegt codepre  pp
Negative 10594 pIm evaluating Magento for a travel company who will need to do product searches and recommendations based on geographical distance. The company is creating custom holiday packages based on various components eg accommodation, tours, restaurant vouchers, etc. These components potentially have overlapping locations ie a particular tour might be close enough to several hotels to be considered related to each of them. p  pAs a user builds up their custom package by adding stays at various hotels, Id like related product recommendations to appear based on geographical location. And, if they search for tours, Id like closer tours to be weighted toward the top of the catalogue search results.p  pNice to have the ability for the user to select how close  far they consider close enough to be eg 10km, 50km, 200km, etc.p  pMy research indicates there isnt out of the box support for any sort of spatial queries in Magento. The best solution I could come up with was custom product attributes which list location where each product is manually assigned to various locations. But I think thats going to get pretty hard to manage for more than 50 locations. Is my research correct Is there an addon  extension which will fulfil this scenario Do you think overlapping 50 locations will be manageable in the backendp  pComing from a Microsoft background, my natural inclination would be to enable SQL Server 2008 spacial functionality and do the queries in the database. Obviously, this option isnt available in the LAMP stack. Am I wrong Does MySQL support spatial queries like codeWHERE productA.Location.GetDistanceFromproductB.Location lt 50kmcodep
Negative 10594 pI have a large 100 tables SQL Server 2005 database that I would like to start mapping with Doctrine. Right now Ive done a manual job of a few tables no relations yet, just disparate tables, using PHPDOC annotation mapping inside my entities. Manually it works like a charm ... however it really will take ages to get everything mapped out and Im looking for an easier way.p  pI looked into ORM Designer, but it doesnt seem to offer imports from a SQL Server database. I also looked at using Doctrine CLI and doing the reverse engineering mentioned a hrefhttpwww.doctrineproject.orgdocsorm2.0enreferencetools.htmlreverseengineering relnofollowherea. Finally tried using codeormconvertmapping fromdatabasecode with no luck. It appears the last two are conditional on the fact that the sqlsrv drivers running on IIS7 here cause an error on my tables when they have no index codePDOException The active result for the query contains no fieldscode. p  pIs it possible that I can load up Doctrine on an Ubuntu machine, and use whatever drivers Linux has to connect to SQL Server 2005 ... then perhaps the ormconvertmapping feature wouldnt die on mep  pAny help would be much appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pHow can I list all the Games in the index page according to the number of lovers thanksp  precodeclass Game lt ActiveRecordBase   hasmany reverserelationships, dependent gt destroy, foreignkey gt gameid,    classname gt Relationship   hasmany lovers, through gt reverserelationships, source gt userid end codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a text box on my site that allows the use of html formatting to allow the users to make the text more presentable.p  pI use this code to protect most inputs to my db.p  precodefunction cleanstr      str  trimstr     ifgetmagicquotesgpc          str  stripslashesstr          return mysqlrealescapestringstr  codepre  pWhat i dont want it to do is remove html elements like codeltpgtcode and codeltstronggtcodep  pis there a better way to protect the inputs in text areasp
Negative 10594 pI am learning Java and I would like to know how you can print an array in a popup Box using JOptionPanep  pI dont mean printing them in separate boxes for each element of the array but printing the whole array content in a single box with JOptionPane.showMessageDialog, after having input the values one by one by JOptionPane.showInputDialog.p  pemExampleemp  pWrite a program that inputs 5 Integers or strings and store them in an array. It then print the array in a popup box at the end, with all the variable values.p  pBasically, this is how Id startp  precodeint numberBox[]  new int[5]  for int i  i iltnumberBox.lenght i     String text  JOptionPane.showMessageDialog null, Give me numbers    numberBox[i]  Integer.parseInt text  codepre  pActually, the code I have written I am sure it has mistakes. Then again, that is why I need your help.p
Negative 10594 pI have a set of tests that was initially built for .net 2.0. We use Gallio with MBunit to run them from the console using Gallio.Echo. Gallio insists on running the 2.0 CLR and then breaks when it sees that the test was built for .net 4.0. What am I doing wrong Can I force Gallio to use .net 4 I definitely have 4 installed on the machine.p  pError messagep  pStart time 407 PM Initializing the runtime and loading plugins. Verifying test files. Initializing the test runner. Running the tests. Host started at 1192011 40800 PM. Running under CLR v2.0.50727 runtime. Host stopped at 1192011 40808 PM. Host process exited with code 0 A fatal exception occurred while running tests.  Possible causes include invalid test runner parameters and stack overflows.     Gallio.Model.ModelException An exception occurred while invoking a test driver.  Gallio.Model.ModelException Gallio.Model.ModelException Could not load test assembly from Ctestsmytest.dll.  System.BadImageFormatException Could not load file or assembly fileCtestsmytest.dll or one of its dependencies. This assembly is built by a runtime newer than the currently loaded runtime and cannot be loaded.p
Negative 10594 pAll, winter comes, plz keep warm and keep healthy. During the meditation about the work, I got some question about the function of fd dup2 . I create a socket server, and a client. the server send, the client receive data. But Now I want to dup2 the server socket fd to a file df in order to let the client read data directly from a file located in server. I write like p  pre whilesocketdf  accept...   dup2filefd , socketfd  pre  pHowever, it doesnot work is this possible Can you give me any advice on this Thanxp
Negative 10594 pI downloaded StyleCop 4.6.3 which integrates with ReSharper 6 and the results are really fantasticp  pHowever on a specific project I would like to disable the StyleCop warnings temporarily and enable again later on.p  pIs there any way of doing this I cant seem to find it on the ReSharper menu options, etc.p
Negative 10594 pI want to write the regular expression in php matching condition belowp  precode         Remove this comment line 1     Remove this comment line 2        .class1           backgroundCCC urlimagesbg.png         .class2           color FFF       background666 urlimagesbg.png  DONT remove this comment           Remove this comment     .class3           margin2px       color999       backgroundFFF  DONT Remove this comment           ...etc     ...etc codepre  pPlease any one give me a regular expression in php. Thanks.p
Negative 10594 pHow do I match the SECOND directory of a requestp  pTthe first directory is completely irrelevant. So I cant use  since that matches the very beginning of REQUESTURI. How do I tell Apache to start after the second  Also Im aware that  have to be escaped like .p  pa hrefhttpwww.example.comdirectory1directory2 relnofollowhttpwww.example.comdirectory1directory2ap
Negative 10594 pIve been asked by an end user to add Strong Naming to one of my components, because they want to reference it from a strong named assembly.p  pI already have an authenticode certificate, so Im wondering  to make my component usable by their strong named component, is it enough for me to just sign the component with my authenticode keyp  pOr do I strongemhaveemstrong to strong name sign the assembly using Al.exe for it to be considered Strong namedp  pI cannot find any strong name vrs authenticode documentation that is explicit regarding this.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to add an item to the options menu from a group of fragments.p  pI have created a new codeMenuFragmentcode class and extended this for the fragments I wish to include the menu item in. Here is the codep  precodepublic class MenuFragment extends Fragment       MenuItem fav      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setHasOptionsMenutrue           public void onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu, MenuInflater inflater          fav  menu.addadd         fav.setIconR.drawable.btnstarbigoff       codepre  pFor some reason the codeonCreateOptionsMenucode appears not to run.  p  pAny help would be appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI encountered a memory problem in Mathematica when I tried to process my experimental data. Im using Mathematica to find the optimal parameters for a system of three partial differential equations.p  pWhen the codeecode parameter was greater than 0.4, Mathematica consumed a lot of memory. For codee lt 0.4code, the program worked properly.p  pI have tried using codeHistoryLength  0code, and reducing  codeAccuracyGoalcode and codeWorkingPrecisioncode with no success.p  pIm trying to understand what mistakes I made, and how I may limit the memory usage.p  precodeClear[T, L, e, v, q, C0, R, data, model] T  13200  L  0.085  e  0.41  v  0.000557197  q  0.1618  C0  0.0256  R  0.00075  data  L, 600, 0.141124587, L, 1200, 0.254134509, L, 1800,      0.342888644, L, 2400, 0.424476295, L, 3600, 0.562844542, L,      4800, 0.657111356, L, 6000, 0.75137817,         L, 7200, 0.815876516, L, 8430, 0.879823594, L, 9000,      0.900771775, L, 13200, 1  model[DeNumberQ, KfNumberQ, YNumberQ]    model[De, Kf, Y]   yeld . Last[Last[      NDSolve[        v D[Ci[z, t], z]  D[Ci[z, t], t]            3 1  e Kf Ci[z, t]  C0          R e 1  R Kf 1  Rr[z, t]De,        D[r[z, t], t]  R2 Kf Ci[z, t]  C0         q r[z, t]2 1  R Kf 1  Rr[z, t]De,        D[yeld[z, t], t]  Yv e Ci[z, t]L q 1  e,        r[z, 0]  R,        Ci[z, 0]  0,        Ci[0, t]  0,        yeld[z, 0]  0,       r[z, t], Ci[z, t], yeld, z, 0, L, t, 0, T]]]  fit  FindFit[   data, model[De, Kf, Y][z, t], 0.97  lt Y lt 1.03,      106 lt Kf lt 104, 1013 lt De lt 109,       De, 1012, Kf,  106, Y, 1, z, t, Method gt NMinimize]  data  600, 0.141124587, 1200, 0.254134509, 1800,      0.342888644, 2400, 0.424476295, 3600, 0.562844542, 4800,      0.657111356, 6000, 0.75137817, 7200, 0.815876516,         8430, 0.879823594, 9000, 0.900771775, 13200, 1   YYY  model[De . fit[[1]], Kf . fit[[2]], Y . fit[[3]]]   Show[Plot[Evaluate[YYY[L, t]], t, 0, T, PlotRange gt All],   ListPlot[data, PlotStyle gt Directive[PointSize[Medium], Red]]] codepre  pLink to the .nb file a hrefhttpwww.4shared.comfolder249TSjlzonline.html relnofollowhttpwww.4shared.comfolder249TSjlzonline.htmlap
Negative 10594 h2How can we make Pentaho retry rest requests on connection errorsh2  pWe have a Pentaho BI system which, among numerous data sources, is querying a particular REST api for over 20k query variations each run.p  pPredicatably, on most runs a few of these requests will fail due to connection hiccups. These usually manifest themselves in the Pentaho log as codeorg.pentaho.di.core.exception.KettleExceptioncode due to codejavax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException Remote host closed connection during handshakecode, ultimately caused by codejava.io.EOFException SSL peer shut down incorrectlycode.p  pAfter scouring the internet and Pentaho forums, we cannot find any instructions on adding a simple retry approach in cases such as this. Hair is being torn out.p  piHelp me StackOverflow, youre my only hopeip  pstrongUpdate 1strong Stacktracep  precodeERROR 2911 110217,659  B  org.pentaho.di.core.exception.KettleException Can not result from [httpsltDOMAINgtltPATHgtltPARAMSgt] javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException Remote host closed connection during handshake         at org.pentaho.di.trans.steps.rest.Rest.callRestRest.java190     at org.pentaho.di.trans.steps.rest.Rest.processRowRest.java385     at org.pentaho.di.trans.step.RunThread.runRunThread.java40     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java662 Caused by com.sun.jersey.api.client.ClientHandlerException javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException Remote host closed connection during handshake     at com.sun.jersey.client.apache.DefaultApacheHttpMethodExecutor.executeMethodDefaultApacheHttpMethodExecutor.java213     at com.sun.jersey.client.apache.ApacheHttpClientHandler.handleApacheHttpClientHandler.java175     at com.sun.jersey.api.client.filter.HTTPBasicAuthFilter.handleHTTPBasicAuthFilter.java81     at com.sun.jersey.api.client.Client.handleClient.java648     at com.sun.jersey.api.client.WebResource.handleWebResource.java670     at com.sun.jersey.api.client.WebResource.getWebResource.java191     at org.pentaho.di.trans.steps.rest.Rest.callRestRest.java141     ... 3 more Caused by javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException Remote host closed connection during handshake     at com.sun.net.ssl.internal.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readRecordSSLSocketImpl.java817     at com.sun.net.ssl.internal.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.performInitialHandshakeSSLSocketImpl.java1138     at com.sun.net.ssl.internal.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.writeRecordSSLSocketImpl.java632     at com.sun.net.ssl.internal.ssl.AppOutputStream.writeAppOutputStream.java59     at java.io.BufferedOutputStream.flushBufferBufferedOutputStream.java65     at java.io.BufferedOutputStream.flushBufferedOutputStream.java123     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpConnection.flushRequestOutputStreamHttpConnection.java827     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.MultiThreadedHttpConnectionManagerHttpConnectionAdapter.flushRequestOutputStreamMultiThreadedHttpConnectionManager.java1525     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpMethodBase.writeRequestHttpMethodBase.java1975     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpMethodBase.executeHttpMethodBase.java993     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpMethodDirector.executeWithRetryHttpMethodDirector.java397     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpMethodDirector.executeMethodHttpMethodDirector.java170     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpClient.executeMethodHttpClient.java396     at com.sun.jersey.client.apache.DefaultApacheHttpMethodExecutor.executeMethodDefaultApacheHttpMethodExecutor.java210     ... 9 more Caused by java.io.EOFException SSL peer shut down incorrectly     at com.sun.net.ssl.internal.ssl.InputRecord.readInputRecord.java333     at com.sun.net.ssl.internal.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.readRecordSSLSocketImpl.java798     ... 22 more codepre
Negative 10594 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2062560whatistheuseofmakingconstructorprivateinaclassWhat is the use of making constructor private in a classa  p blockquote    pWhy would you have a private constructor p  pWhat benifits are there from them, and when and why would you use it over a public constructor.p
Negative 10594 pI have been using python for months amp I have python amp git installed on a Mac via strongMacPortsstrong in strongbashloginstrong  export PATHoptlocalbinoptlocalbinmysql5binoptlocallibpostgresql90binusrlocalbinusrlocalsbinPATHp  pToday I wanted to try ruby so I installed Rbenv amp ruby 1.9.2p290 via rubybuild. It created a path in strongbashprofilestrong  PATHHOME.rbenvbinPATH eval rbenv init p  pWhen I echo PATH in the terminal my path is now set toUsersdemet8.rbenvshimsUsersdemet8.rbenvbinusrbinbinusrsbinsbinusrlocalbinusrX11binp  pI am no longer able to use my pythongit because my system is reading Usrlocal first in the bashprofile file. p  pstrongQuestionstrong I need optlocal to read first so I can still use pythongit. Should I eliminate the strongbashprofilestrong file rbenv created amp consolidate rbenvs path into my strongbashloginstrong path p
Negative 10594 pLets say I have an existing IOS app live on Appstore which is version 1.0p  pNow I make some changes to the app and want to submit back.p  pAre there 2 separate ways to submit  Like can I still keep the version as 1.0 and just submit the app OR I need to create a new version 1.1 and then submit it p  pWhat are the differences in the processp  pAlso from the customer end, how does this work for newexisting users p
Negative 10594 pBasically looking for some advice on how to create a Sharepoint 2010 Timer Job that will go and consume a REST web service, receive the response as XML and per element returned create a new list item in a Sharepoint List.p  pstrongAdditional Informationstrongp  pJust to test the connection I have created a REST data source which works fine and returns all the data into a test aspx page.  I now want to be able to use the same connection to return the data in a Timer Job.  I have got the Timer job setup but just not clear how I go about calling the API from within it.p  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pI have a database with a nvarchar50 column. All rows have 25 chars always in this column.p  pI would like to return only the first 10 characters from column WITHOUT getting all the data from SQL and getting the 10. Is it possible to ask SQL to return on the 1st 10 from a specific columnp
Negative 10594 pI am working on kernel development in AOSP, and the kernel repository that I work on is not a part of the operating system. It has an individual git repository. So when I try to push all AOSP sources into the server, I cannot see the kernel sources there.p  pHow can I add a repository a project into existing Android source treep
Negative 10594 pI have a file that looks like thisp  precode192.168.2.2 150.25.45.7 8080 192.168.12.25 178.25.45.7 50 192.168.2.2 142.55.45.18 369 192.168.489.2 122.25.35.7 8080 192.168.489.2 90.254.45.7 80 192.168.2.2 142.55.45.18 457 codepre  pI made up all the numbers. p  pI need to sort all these files according to the number of repetitions of the first ip. So the output would ideally look like this p  precode192.168.2.2 8080 369 457 3 192.168.489.2 8080 80 2 192.168.12.25 50 1 codepre  pSo first ip, all the ports that were in lines with that first ip, and the number of repetitions. p  pIve been trying to play with the sort command and awk but I dont want to do extra work and maybe be missing out on some other straightforward solution. p  pAny idea Thanks p
Negative 10594 pI need to initialize a git repository and fetch the latest version of a branch into it. In bash, the commands arep  precodegit init git remote add t BRANCH f origin REMOTE codepre  pIm trying to do the same programmatically with libgit2, but am having trouble finding the equivalent for the second line. The calls to create a remote are apparent, but Im not seeing any to add it to a repository or handle the branch.p  pIs it possible to do this with libgit2 If not, is there a library capable of doing thisp
Negative 10594 pIn Drupal, I have a table node that gets generated from mysql user data.p  pThe elements are structured as followsp  precodelttablegt  lttheadgt  lttheadgt  lttbodygt   lttrgt    lttdgt    lttdgt   lttrgt   lttrgt     lttdgt     lttdgt   lttr  lttbodygt lttablegt codepre  pHow would I go about targeting the first codetdcode in each codetrcode using CSSp
Negative 10594 pI posted the following question yesterday a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8721784multipleinstatementsinawhereclausethatneedtomatchagainsteachother87218518721851Multiple in statements in a where clause that need to match against each otherap  pIn this there was some discussion about a feature in Oracle which doesnt exist in Microsoft SQL, the specific line of code beingp  precodewhere suiteid,leaseid in CCBG08,205059,CCBG14,152424,CCCF048,150659 codepre  pAssuming that we have a table of however with more rowsp  blockquote   psuiteid  leaseid p      pCCBG08         150659p      pCCBG14         152424p blockquote  pI extrapolated on this to create the following solution for Microsoft SQLp  precodeselect   from    property.leaseperiod where   suiteid     leaseid          in              CCBG08 205059,             CCBG14 152424,             CCCF048 150659          codepre  pUnfortunately the performance implications of doing something like this are quite significant as indexes arent being used. I was wondering how this could be improvedp
Negative 10594 pConsider the following example p  precodeltagtabcltagt ltagt     ltagtbcdltagt ltagt ltagt     ltbgt         ltagt             ltagt                  def             ltagt         ltagt     ltbgt ltagt codepre  pwe have to do different thing when we meet an element codeltagtcode if it is a child node of another a or b element, and we have to different thing when we meet codeltagtcode as direct child of root element.p  pHow to process this file with SAX parsers p  pKindly explain.p
Negative 10594 pI am using graph api for facebook to post message on the wall. I am able to post the message on the wall successfully but after certain number of posting i am able to get error on console p  precodeerrormessage341 Feed action request limit reached,typeOAuthException codepre  pI think this error is occurred due to too many post on the wall. So how to avoid this error. Does anyone have an idea as what might be going wrong here or how I can better debug this problem p
Negative 10594 pI am building a stacked bar plot using the following codep  precodetest lt as.matrixread.csvfiletest4.csv,sep,,headTRUE test lt test[,2ncoltest] pdffiletest.pdf, height15, width20 parlwd  0.3 xLabLocs lt barplottest, space0.4, xaxtn, yaxtn, colheat.colors13 axis1, cex.axis0.5, las2, atxLabLocs, labelscolnamestest axis2, cex.axis0.5, pos0.5 dev.off codepre  pAnd I would like the colors of each section to be proportional to its height. For example, if each stack is made up of X number of sections, the section with the longest height would be at one end of the spectrumie really bright blue, and the shortest height section would be at the other end of the spectrumie really dim blue.p  pThis is what I get instead img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1uHae.png altenter image description herep  pIn this case what I get is sections at the bottom at one end of the spectrum and the sections at the top at the other end of the spectrum.  Thanksp  pThis is some sample datap  precodeBARCODES,   BC1AATCAGGC,   BC10ACAAGGCT,  BC11ACACGATC,  BC12ACACTGAC 1,  2432,   420,    18, 69 2,  276,    405,    56, 86 3,  119,    189,    110,    51 4,  90, 163,    140,    68 5,  206,    280,    200,    122 6,  1389,   1080,   1075,   614 7,  3983,   3258,   4878,   2994 8,  7123,   15828,  28111,  7892 9,  8608,   48721,  52576,  21220 10, 9639,   44725,  55951,  18284 11, 8323,   45695,  32166,  7747 12, 2496,   18254,  26600,  5134 13, 1524,   8591,   18583,  3705 codepre
Negative 10594 pId like to scan the body of my page and collect the body of all calls to a certain Jinja2 tag. With each, Id like to extract the content and use it in the codeltheadgtcode element when setting up some Javascript. Is this possible Thanksp
Negative 10594 pI need to know the index of clicked element. Cant figure out how to do itp  precodefor i  0 i lt document.getElementByIdmydiv.children.length i      document.getElementByIdmydiv.children[i].onclick  functionALERT POSITION OF CLICKED CHILD  codepre  pthis.indexp  phere is a example of what I am trying to do it only gives back 6p  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta charsetutf8 gt lttitlegtUntitled Documentlttitlegt ltstyle typetextcssgt bodymargin0 container divheight50pxlineheight50px textaligncenter ltstylegt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idcontainergt ltdivgt1ltdivgt ltdivgt2ltdivgt ltdivgt3ltdivgt ltdivgt4ltdivgt ltdivgt5ltdivgt ltdivgt6ltdivgt ltdivgt ltscriptgt for i  0 i lt document.getElementByIdcontainer.children.length i      document.getElementByIdcontainer.children[i].onclick  functionalertNumber   i   was clicked  ltscriptgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 10594 pIm building a drupal site right now where Id prefer to use viewsbulkoperations to administer the standard content overview admincontent and user overview pages adminpeople. My trouble is that I also want to use the toolbar module or something like it to give my site admins the ability to easily browse to the pages generated by viewsbulkoperations admincontent2 and adminpeople2. It doesnt seem possible right now. The toolbar module automatically adds predefined links based on a users permissions, and there doesnt appear to be a way to make any changes to those links.p  pAny ideas Or, perhaps, any alternatives to the core toolbar module Thanksp  pI asked the same question a hrefhttpdrupal.stackexchange.comquestions19377caniuseviewsbulkoperationswiththed7coretoolbarmoduleherea, but thought Id have a better chance here on stackoverflow.p
Negative 10594 pI am working on a Spring enabled web project where we have multiple controllers. Recently I had a discussion with senior developers what code should go in the controller.p  pSome of them said to make the controller lightweight only invoking methods should go inside the controller. Even if there are only 3 lines of processing, make them separate methods and call them from the Controller as followsp  precodepublic ModelAndView offersMapViewHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response   MapltString, Objectgt contentMap  getServiceLocator.getHyperLocalService.getOffersHubContentssearchPostcode, gmapKey, ip              return getViewGenerator.generateOffersHubMapViewbrand, contentMap  codepre  pWhere generateOffersHubMapViewbrand, contentMap method contains only 2 line of codep  precodepublic ModelAndView generateOffersHubMapViewBrand brand, MapltString, Objectgt contentMap               ModelAndView mv  POGAModelandView.createWebModelAndViewbrand, WLConstants.HUBOFFERS         mv.addAllObjectscontentMap                 return mv      codepre  pMy point was that 2 lines creating separate view generator method is not good until we have number of lines of code processing.p  pThe opposing point of view was creating separate method to keep segregation between layers.p  pCould I please ask the community what they think is the better approach If possible, could you provide references to support your statementsp
Negative 10594 pI have a star ratings feature. And pretty much, I would like it to display a particular image depending on the number.p  pHeres some pseduo code I would like to do in my review.rb modelp  precodedef showstars   if rating  1     display 1star.png   elsif rating  2     display 2star.png   elsif rating  3     display 3star.png   elsif rating  4     display 4star.png   elsif rating  5     display 5star.png end codepre  pHow would I make this code work And also, how would I make it display right in a view filep
Negative 10594 pI am trying to loop over some values to insert data into a DB using ColdFusion ORM.p  pI am having issues getting the syntax right. Here is an example of what I am trying to do p  precode    ltcfscriptgt          var tn  CompanyName          transaction              newComp  EntityNewcompany                  newComp.set amp tn ampABC Comp              EntitySavenewComp                                                                               ltcfscriptgt codepre  pFor simplicity of this question I am just using a single variable. The actual code loops through an array of data but if I can just figure out how to do it with a variable I can handle the rest.p  pI have tried a bunch of ways of doing this but I cannot get the syntax right.p  pIs this possiblep  pAny help would be great.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to copy the value of a cell in one sheet to a cell in another sheet based on the value of a third cell yes or blank. Examplep  precodeCell A1 Monday Cell B1 Yes codepre  pCopy the value of Cell codeA1code into sheet2 Cell codeB5code if codeB1  Yescode. If cell codeB2code is empty or No do nothing. Is this possiblebr I was trying to do it by using if statement but not having any luck. p  p[EDIT] Here is my code but it doesnt work yetp  precodeSub ColorWhite RangeB01B15.Value  Yes  With Selection.Font     .ThemeColor  x1ThemeColorDark1     .TintAndShade  0 End  RangeB01B15.Value Not Yes Selection.EntireRow.Hidden  True  End Sub codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a large 100K by 30K and very sparse dataset in svmlight format which I load as follows p  precodeimport numpy as np from scipy.cluster.vq import kmeans2 from scipy.spatial.distance import pdist, squareform from sklearn.datasets import loadsvmlightfile  X,Y  loadsvmlightfilesomefilesvm.txt codepre  pwhich returns a sparse scipy array Xp  pI simply need to compute the pairwise distances of all training points asp  precodeD  pdistX codepre  pUnfortunately, distance computation implementations in scipy.spatial.distance work only for dense matrices. Due to the size of the dataset it is infeasible to, say, use pdist as  p  precodeD  pdistX.todense codepre  pAny pointers to sparse matrix distance computation implementations or workarounds with regards to this problem will be greatly appreciated. p  pMany thanksp
Negative 10594 pTo include raw JavaScript files into my pages, ive ended up usingp  precodefunction includejsjsfile, basepath  JSPATH     echo ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     includebasepath . jsfile     echo ltscriptgt  codepre  pWorks fine, and the PHP code inside these JS files is still executing fine, no problem here. But here is some pseudo code of what i used beforep  precodeltscriptgt     var hello  ltphp echo id gt ltscriptgt codepre  pSo, strongheres the problemstrongp  ul liBefore, the PHP code used inside my JavaScript files was executed in the same context as the pages one.li liNow, its executed in the context of the codeincludejscode function.li ul  pThus, i dont have access to any of my pages variables anymore. I could fix it with a codeglobal idcode, but that was pseudocode.p  pActually, i have NO idea what variables ill need to have access to.p  pAny idea how to solve that problem If you have a better solution than what im actually doing inside codeincludejscode to achieve the same goal without the problem im talking about, that would be as much appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pSearching how to use git with a proxy I found two solutionsp  ul lithe httpproxy environment variableli lithe git config http.proxyli ul  pSince codeexport httpproxyhttpproxy.fqdn8080code made codewgetcode work, but not codegitsvncode, I tried the second option additionally codegit config global http.proxy a hrefhttpproxy.fqdn8080 relnofollowhttpproxy.fqdn8080acode. But to no success. Wireshark still tells me that gitsvn contacts the remote repository directly. Alasp  pregit svn clone s httpsvn.wpplugins.orgyakforwordpress  ZMSchicht Anforderung gescheitert OPTIONS von httpsvn.wpplugins.orgyakforwordpress Konnte keine Verbindung zum Server herstellen httpsvn.wpplugins.org at usrlibgitcoregitsvn line 1916pre  pAm I missing something, or is this a bug in gitsvn Did anyone try successfuly to clone a svn repo through a proxyp
Negative 10594 pIm building a basic web application in ASP.NET 4.0 with C in Visual Studio 2010 Pro. Im still very new to C, and am used to Delphi coding. My website already has registrationlogin, and although I use some asp.net controls, a majority of my pages are dynamically loaded from my SQL database and I manually compile the HTML code from C and insert it into the document.p  pNow what I would like to do is implement a poll  or a vote box  an object which can be reused in different pages. My websites master page already has a permanent left panel which has things which show on every page. One of these will be a small box with a vote of a few questions.p  pAll I need to know is how do I begin to build an independent plugin control for a web page like this I dont necessarily mean a separate DLL or anything, my existing one can handle everything. But Id like to reuse the same little voting box in different pages too. So Im assuming this will be considered a separate page, in a way, which is probably about 120 pixels wide by 80 high. Each vote will be limited to either login account or ip address which I already have access to. So this solution must interact with the existing asp.net application.p  pSo how do I begin the backbone of such a plugin which can be reused in multiple pages I do not plan on distributing this plugin, and I dont even know if this is the correct term for what I need. Just a box which can be reused on multiple pages  which must interact with the asp.net app.p  pTo better explain what I mean, imagine how Facebook has the plugin where you can embed some general info about likes and such. Id like to make my own box like this  and even be able to embed it in other websites.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to write a unit test for a Django view that involves submitting a form written by someone else that looks like thisp  precodeltform methodpost actionoauth2token classauthenticategt  ltinput typehidden namegranttype valueauthorizationcodegt  ltinput typehidden namecode value73c2c13e4957331f4183bdfafd1f1cgt  ltinput typehidden nameredirecturi valuehttp127.0.0.18000client9e22123649f8cb8de8e85e70c64969gt  ltinput typehidden nameclientid value9e22123649f8cb8de8e85e70c64969gt  ltinput typesubmit value123456gt ltformgt codepre  pWhen using the Django test client, Im not sure how to submit the value that corresponds to the submit input type. In particular, what should go in place of the codecode belowp  precodec  django.test.client.Client response  c.postoauth2token, granttype authorizationcode,                              code code,                              redirecturi http127.0.0.18000client9e22123649f8cb8de8e85e70c64969,                              clientid 9e22123649f8cb8de8e85e70c64969,                               123456 codepre
Negative 10594 precodestatelicense uLicense  u29393, 25633,                    uExpiration u08012012, 04022012,                    uTrade uRegistered Contractor, Plumber codepre  pHow can I convert code29393, 25633code into a listp
Negative 10594 pI am attempting to use libnfc to allow NFC operations on Windows 7. I am using the SCL3711. The device shows up when running testlibusb, so it would seem that LibUSB is functioning correctly. However, when I run the libnfc test application nfclist I get the message No NFC device found. Any suggestions on how to fix this problem would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pIve just upgraded to Rails 3.2.1 with Ruby 1.9.3p0 and Im using Machinist 2.0. Before updating a large project all my tests passed. The problem Im having is when I create a blueprint within a let call in my rspec tests and then refer to it in a before do block.p  precode  let newpost Post.make    before do     Post.stubnew.andreturnnewpost   end codepre  pThis used to work, and now I get the following errorp  precode  1 PostsController GET index assigns all posts as posts      FailureError let newpost Post.make      NoMethodError        undefined method title for nilNilClass       .specsupportblueprints.rb22in block in lttop requiredgt       .speccontrollerspostscontrollerspec.rb37in block 2 levels in lttop requiredgt       .speccontrollerspostscontrollerspec.rb40in block 2 levels in lttop requiredgt codepre  pHere is my blueprintp  precoderequire machinistactiverecord Post.blueprint do   title Post   body hello world end codepre  pFor now my work around is to create them using instance variables within the before do block, but it would be nice to use the let calls as it keeps my rspec tests cleaner.p
Negative 10594 pI need to code a button to go BACK to the main application activity.p  precodepublic void onGotoMainActivityView View               Intent intent  new IntentView.getContext, MainActivity.class          this.startActivityintent      codepre  pThe Main activity is already started and has not been destroyed. So I dont think this would be a new intent nor should it start activity Shouldnt it merely call the main activity back to focusp
Negative 10594 pI am making an app in which i have to save the item drawn on surface view to another class.My code  is as followsp  precodepublic class CanvasDrawingActivity extends  Activity    private ArrayListltPathgt graphics  new ArrayListltPathgt private Paint mPaint Button Save DrawingPanel  dp private Cursor curval, cur private int contactCount private String name Bitmap image  private Context context private int curCount, count  0 private String date1, currentTimeString  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewnew DrawingPanelthis     mPaint  new Paint     mPaint.setDithertrue       mPaint.setColor0xFF FF FF FF     System.out.printlnhello1     mPaint.setColorColor.BLACK     System.out.printlnhello2      mPaint.setStylePaint.Style.STROKE     mPaint.setStrokeJoinPaint.Join.ROUND     mPaint.setStrokeCapPaint.Cap.ROUND     mPaint.setStrokeWidth3     DrawingPanel.this.setDrawingCacheEnabledtrue   Override public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu      MenuInflater inflater  getMenuInflater     inflater.inflateR.menu.gamemenu, menu     return true  SuppressWarningsnull Override public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item       Handle item selection     switch item.getItemId          case R.id.createnew                  try                     System.out.printlnnew           dp.setDrawingCacheEnabledtrue  I am calling SetDrawingCacheEnabled method of Drawing but it is giving nullPointerException           System.out.printlnnew2           catch Exception e             System.out.printlne                           return true          case R.id.erase         System.out.printlnnew2               mPaint.setColor1              mPaint.setAlpha0              mPaint.setAntiAliastrue              mPaint.setStylePaint.Style.STROKE              mPaint.setStrokeCapPaint.Cap.ROUND              mPaint.setStrokeWidth1                   Intent intent1  new IntentgetApplicationContext, CanvasDrawingActivity.class                 intent1.addFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP                 startActivityintent1                 finish               return true           default             return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem            class DrawingPanel extends SurfaceView implements SurfaceHolder.Callback      private DrawingThread thread     private Path path      Override     public void setDrawingCacheEnabledboolean enabled           TODO Autogenerated method stub         System.out.printlnhello12365         Bitmap bmgetDrawingCache         String mbm.toString         System.out.printlnm         System.out.printlnheyyy         Intent mIntent  new IntentgetApplicationContext, ShowSignature.class         Bundle mBundle  new Bundle         mBundle.putStringnew, bm       mBundle.putParcelablenew, bm       mIntent.putExtrasmBundle       startActivitymIntent          Intent intent  new IntentCanvasDrawingActivity.this,ShowSignature.class         Bundle mBundle  new Bundle         mBundle.putStringnew, bm         mBundle.putParcelableMYBITMAP,bm          intent.putExtrasmBundle         startActivityintent           super.setDrawingCacheEnabledenabled            public DrawingPanelContext context          supercontext         getHolder.addCallbackthis         thread  new DrawingThreadgetHolder, this               Override     protected void onAttachedToWindow           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onAttachedToWindow         System.out.printlnhello          SaveButtonfindViewByIdR.id.Save          System.out.printlnhello2              public boolean onTouchEventMotionEvent event          synchronized thread.getSurfaceHolder          ifevent.getAction  MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN         path  new Path         path.moveToevent.getX, event.getY         path.lineToevent.getX, event.getY         else ifevent.getAction  MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE         path.lineToevent.getX, event.getY         graphics.addpath         path  new Path         path.moveToevent.getX, event.getY         else ifevent.getAction  MotionEvent.ACTIONUP         path.lineToevent.getX, event.getY         graphics.addpath                    return true                        Override     public void onDrawCanvas canvas          canvas.drawColorColor.WHITE         for Path path  graphics              canvas.drawPointgraphic.x, graphic.y, mPaint             canvas.drawPathpath, mPaint                     public void surfaceChangedSurfaceHolder holder, int format, int width,                                int height           TODO Autogenerated method stub            public void surfaceCreatedSurfaceHolder holder           TODO Autogenerated method stub         thread.setRunningtrue         thread.start           public void surfaceDestroyedSurfaceHolder holder           TODO Autogenerated method stub         boolean retry  true         thread.setRunningfalse         while retry              try                  thread.join                 retry  false              catch InterruptedException e                   we will try it again and again...                              class DrawingThread extends Thread      private SurfaceHolder surfaceHolder     private DrawingPanel panel     private boolean run  false      public DrawingThreadSurfaceHolder surfaceHolder, DrawingPanel panel          surfaceHolder  surfaceHolder         panel  panel            public void setRunningboolean run          run  run           public SurfaceHolder getSurfaceHolder          return surfaceHolder           Override     public void run          Canvas c         while run              c  null             try                  c  surfaceHolder.lockCanvasnull                 synchronized surfaceHolder                      panel.onDrawc                               finally                   do this in a finally so that if an exception is thrown                  during the above, we dont leave the Surface in an                  inconsistent state                 if c  null                      surfaceHolder.unlockCanvasAndPostc                                              codepre  pp
Negative 10594 pI have a MySql DB with 2 tablesbr 1. category  categoryID  category  descriptionbr 2. photos  photoID  categoryID  photodescription  photop  pAnd i have a service CategoryService.php automatically created by Flash Builder, but i cannot get the second tablep  precode    ltphp  class CategoryService       var username  root     var password       var server  localhost     var port  3306     var databasename  teste     var tablename  category      var connection             The constructor initializes the connection to database. Everytime a request is        received by Zend AMF, an instance of the service class is created and then the       requested method is invoked.           public function construct          thisgtconnection  mysqliconnect                                 thisgtserver,                                   thisgtusername,                                   thisgtpassword,                                  thisgtdatabasename,                                 thisgtport                                       thisgtthrowExceptionOnErrorthisgtconnection                  Returns all the rows from the table.             Add authroization or any logical checks for secure access to your data              return array           public function getAllCategory           stmt  mysqlipreparethisgtconnection, SELECT  FROM thisgttablename                 thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtexecutestmt         thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          rows  array          mysqlistmtbindresultstmt, rowgtcategoryId, rowgtcategory, rowgtdescription          while mysqlistmtfetchstmt            rows[]  row           row  new stdClass           mysqlistmtbindresultstmt, rowgtcategoryId, rowgtcategory, rowgtdescription                   mysqlistmtfreeresultstmt         mysqliclosethisgtconnection          return rows                  Returns the item corresponding to the value specified for the primary key.             Add authorization or any logical checks for secure access to your data                     return stdClass           public function getCategoryByIDitemID           stmt  mysqlipreparethisgtconnection, SELECT  FROM thisgttablename where categoryId         thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtbindparamstmt, i, itemID                 thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtexecutestmt         thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtbindresultstmt, rowgtcategoryId, rowgtcategory, rowgtdescription          ifmysqlistmtfetchstmt            return row          else            return null                           Returns the item corresponding to the value specified for the primary key.             Add authorization or any logical checks for secure access to your data                     return stdClass           public function createCategoryitem           stmt  mysqlipreparethisgtconnection, INSERT INTO thisgttablename category, description VALUES ,          thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtbindparamstmt, ss, itemgtcategory, itemgtdescription         thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtexecutestmt              thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          autoid  mysqlistmtinsertidstmt          mysqlistmtfreeresultstmt              mysqliclosethisgtconnection          return autoid                  Updates the passed item in the table.             Add authorization or any logical checks for secure access to your data              param stdClass item       return void           public function updateCategoryitem           stmt  mysqlipreparethisgtconnection, UPDATE thisgttablename SET category, description WHERE categoryId               thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtbindparamstmt, ssi, itemgtcategory, itemgtdescription, itemgtcategoryId                thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtexecutestmt              thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtfreeresultstmt              mysqliclosethisgtconnection                  Deletes the item corresponding to the passed primary key value from        the table.             Add authorization or any logical checks for secure access to your data                     return void           public function deleteCategoryitemID           stmt  mysqlipreparethisgtconnection, DELETE FROM thisgttablename WHERE categoryId           thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtbindparamstmt, i, itemID         mysqlistmtexecutestmt         thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtfreeresultstmt              mysqliclosethisgtconnection                   Returns the number of rows in the table.             Add authorization or any logical checks for secure access to your data                         public function count          stmt  mysqlipreparethisgtconnection, SELECT COUNT AS COUNT FROM thisgttablename         thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtexecutestmt         thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtbindresultstmt, reccount         thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtfetchstmt         thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtfreeresultstmt         mysqliclosethisgtconnection          return reccount                   Returns numItems rows starting from the startIndex row from the        table.             Add authorization or any logical checks for secure access to your data                            return array           public function getCategorypagedstartIndex, numItems           stmt  mysqlipreparethisgtconnection, SELECT  FROM thisgttablename LIMIT ,          thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          mysqlistmtbindparamstmt, ii, startIndex, numItems         mysqlistmtexecutestmt         thisgtthrowExceptionOnError          rows  array          mysqlistmtbindresultstmt, rowgtcategoryId, rowgtcategory, rowgtdescription          while mysqlistmtfetchstmt            rows[]  row           row  new stdClass           mysqlistmtbindresultstmt, rowgtcategoryId, rowgtcategory, rowgtdescription                   mysqlistmtfreeresultstmt              mysqliclosethisgtconnection          return rows                   Utility function to throw an exception if an error occurs        while running a mysql command.           private function throwExceptionOnErrorlink  null          iflink  null              link  thisgtconnection                  ifmysqlierrorlink              msg  mysqlierrnolink .   . mysqlierrorlink             throw new ExceptionMySQL Error  . msg                        gt codepre  pIn Flash Builder i have 2 spark List, the first one have all categorys and i want when codeselectedItemcode it populates the other one with the correspondent photos. I have a query that works with the database but i cannot insert it into php. This is the queryp  precodeSELECT TC., TP.photodescription , TP.photo FROM category TC inner join photos TP on TC.categoryId  TP.categoryId codepre  pHow can i do this Hope its understandable, thanks for listening.p  pEDITp  precodeltfxScriptgt     lt[CDATA[         import mx.controls.Alert         import mx.events.FlexEvent          import spark.events.IndexChangeEvent          protected function listcreationCompleteHandlereventFlexEventvoid                      getAllCategoryResult.token  categoryService.getAllCategory                    protected function list2creationCompleteHandlereventFlexEventvoid                      getAllphotosResult.token  photosService.getAllphotos                   protected function listchangeHandlereventIndexChangeEventvoid                      category  list.selectedItem               ]]gt ltfxScriptgt ltfxDeclarationsgt     ltsCallResponder idgetAllCategoryResultgt     ltcategoryserviceCategoryService idcategoryService                                      faultAlert.showevent.fault.faultString  n  event.fault.faultDetail                                      showBusyCursortruegt     ltvalueObjectsCategory idcategorygt     ltsCallResponder idgetAllphotosResultgt     ltphotosservicephotosService idphotosService                                    faultAlert.showevent.fault.faultString  n  event.fault.faultDetail                                    showBusyCursortruegt ltfxDeclarationsgt ltsList idlist x197 y127 creationCompletelistcreationCompleteHandlerevent changelistchangeHandlerevent         labelFieldcategorygt     ltsAsyncListView listgetAllCategoryResult.lastResultgt ltsListgt ltsList idlist2 x708 y127 creationCompletelist2creationCompleteHandlerevent         labelFieldphotogt     ltsAsyncListView listgetAllphotosResult.lastResultgt ltsListgt codepre  pp  pThis is an example of my .mxml.br           How can i on selectedItem change the second List based on the categoryIdbr     Could you please help or show me some examples      Thanks again..p
Negative 10594 pThe problem I am having is understanding how to use the jQuery ajax capabilities to return results for multiple scenarios of a database query. p  pHere is the code I have so far... this is the ajax functionp  precodefunction checkDBcode     .ajax   type POST,   url ltphp bloginfotemplateurl gtprofilecheckcode.php,   data codecode,   datatype html,   success functionresult         ifresult  0                 success.html code   already exists.         alertsuccesstesting purposes                else                 err.html  code   isnt in the database.         alertfailtesting purposes          alertresult                    codepre  pAnd this uses the following form to run the function on submitp  precode   ltform methodpost namescajax onsubmitcheckDBdocument.scajax.scvouchercode.value return falsegt          ...    ltformgt codepre  pWhich runs the database query in checkcode.phpp  precode    code  mysqlrealescapestringPOST[code]    resultcode  mysqlqueryselect  from wpscloyalty where code  . code .  or diemysqlerror   ifmysqlnumrowsresultcodegt0     Exists       echo 0   else       Doesnt Exist     echo 1      codepre  pWhat I have so far works in that I get a message saying whether the entered code exists in the database.p  pMy question is how would I go about doing more with the query. For example having more if statements to test more columns in the database I want to say if the code is already in the database, do something different if the redeemed column is set to 1 default 0p  pCurrently I can only output things based on the functionresult from the ajax reply, but is there a more efficient way to do what Ive done Or a more efficient way to make the current set up more flexiblep  pA bit of a long question, sorry, but I feel I need a few things cleared up, p  pThanks guys p
Negative 10594 pI have a string array of the form p  precodeeducationhistory      [namexxxxxx,        concentrations[],        schooltypeCollege,      namexxxxxxx,       concentrations[],       schooltypeCollege] codepre  pstrongI want to deserialize the values name and schooltypestrong. I have already deserialized the values of single value types but I am facing problems with string arrays.strongOne more  problem is that in my request I have multiple arrays which I want to deserealize.strongp  pThanks for the helpp
Negative 10594 pHopefully I can explain it well enough. I dop  precodevar foo  document.getElementsByTagNamebar var len  foo.length forvar i0iltleni Do stuff  codepre  pInside that for I also want to be able to get an element specifically a class that is buried deep within foo[i]. My thought is something likep  precodevar whatIWant  document.getElementsByClassNamename.foo[i] codepre  pbut that doesnt seem to be what I need to do. Am I just not sure on the syntax or do I need to do something completely differentp
Negative 10594 pI am using the test code found  a hrefhttpcode.google.comapisyoutube2.0developersguidephp.html relnofollowhttpcode.google.comapisyoutube2.0developersguidephp.htmla to create a playlistp  precodenewPlaylist  ytgtnewPlaylistListEntry newPlaylistgtsummary  ytgtnewDescriptiongtsetTextdesc newPlaylistgttitle  ytgtnewTitlegtsetTexttitle  post the new playlist postLocation  httpgdata.youtube.comfeedsapiusersdefaultplaylists try    playlist  ytgtinsertEntrynewPlaylist, postLocation     catch ZendGdataAppException e    echo egtgetMessage  codepre  pThe playlist is created, but how can I get the id or url of the playlist that was just createdp
Negative 10594 pstrongIntrostrong Im writing web interface with SQLAlchemy reflection that supports multiple databases. It turns out that authors of application defined postgresql with lowercase tablescolumns, eg. emjob.jobstatusem while sqlite has mixed case, eg emJob.JobStatusem. Im using emDeclarativeReflectedBaseem from examples to combine reflection and declarative style.p  pstrongThe issuestrong Configure SQLAlchemy to work with tablescolumns case insensitive with reflectionp  pstrongI have done so farstrongp  ul liI have changed emDeclarativeReflectedBase.prepareem method to pass emquoteFalseem into Table.initli ul  pstrongWhat is left to be solvedstrongp  ul lirelationship definitions still has to obey case when configuring joins, like emprimaryjoinJob.JobStatusStatus.JobStatusem.li liconfigure tablename based on engine typeli ul  pstrongThe questionstrong Are my assumptions correct or is there more straightforward way emMaybeem I could tell reflection to reflect everything lowercase and all problems are gone.p
Negative 10594 pMy table contains an id that is autogenerated, date, reminder p  precodeString currentdateDateFormat.getDateInstance.formatnew Date  Cursor c  data.querytablename,new String[]    reminder,datecurrentdate,null,null,null,null  String valuec.getStringc.getColumnIndexreminder  c.close codepre
Negative 10594 pIm getting a codeNoClassDefFoundErrorcode exception on codeorg.apache.commons.logging.LogFactorycode after I have already created an instance.  I can create a codeLogFactorycode object just fine and get an instance of codeorg.apache.commons.logging.Logcode from it but when creating an object of type codeorg.apache.axis.description.TypeDesccode, a codeNoClassDefFoundErrorcode is thrown when this class tries to get an instance of codeorg.apache.commons.logging.Logcode from codeLogFactorycode.  Seems like an exception should be thrown at line 284.p  pHeres my code DtUiLoggingRequest lines 282 to 294p  precodelog.debugvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv  org.apache.commons.logging.LogFactory logFactory  org.apache.commons.logging.LogFactoryLogFactory.getFactory Log myLog  LogFactory.getLogDtUiLoggingRequest.class.getName  log.debuglogFactory.getClass.getName log.debugmyLog.getClass.getName  myLog.debugThis is coming from myLog  log.debug  typeDesc  new org.apache.axis.description.TypeDescDtUiLoggingRequest.class codepre  pHeres what the log saysp  precodeDEBUG   20120223 093208,739 vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv   DEBUG   20120223 093208,739 org.apache.commons.logging.impl.LogFactoryImpl   DEBUG   20120223 093208,739 org.apache.commons.logging.impl.Log4JLogger   DEBUG   20120223 093208,739    ERROR   20120223 093208,739 Exception Details   java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError org.apache.commons.logging.LogFactory       at org.apache.axis.components.logger.LogFactory.classLogFactory.java45       at org.apache.axis.components.logger.LogFactory1.runLogFactory.java45       at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method       at org.apache.axis.components.logger.LogFactory.getLogFactoryLogFactory.java41       at org.apache.axis.components.logger.LogFactory.ltclinitgtLogFactory.java33       at org.apache.axis.description.TypeDesc.ltclinitgtTypeDesc.java61       at com.symantec.cas.ucf.sensors.DtUiLoggingRrequest.initTypeDescDtUiLoggingRequest.java294       at com.symantec.cas.ucf.sensors.sap.DtUiLoggingRequest.ltinitgtDtUiLoggingRequest.java58       at com.symantec.cas.ucf.sensors.sap.SapSensor.OpenDeviceSensor.java151       at com.symantec.cas.ucf.collector.SensorJob.openSensorSensorJob.java156       at com.symantec.cas.ucf.collector.SensorJob.runSensorJob.java290       at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java662   codepre
Negative 10594 pIm writing a C library with GMP and its arbitrary precision floats. I need to chop off small numbers, but I dont know how to determine what is small.p  pSay I set the precision of GMP floats mpft to n bit. Then what is to be considered small in the calculationp  pFor any of you who might be familiar with GSL GNU Scientific Library, I need the equivalent of their GSLDBLEPSILON, which for double, on my 32bit computer, happpens to be 2.2204460492503131e16.p  pThanks in advance,j.p
Negative 10594 pI have some code in my ASP.net MVC project which asynchronously dispatches a message. Under certain circumstances that code can fail and cause an unhanded exception. I dont have direct access to the code which is throwing the exception or the code which is generating the thread so Im unable to catch and handle the error there. I have tried catching at the ApplicationError level in the Global.asax but that function is only thrown for page errors and not for background errors. I also tried catching in an HTTP module by implementing OnUnhandledException but I could find no way to catch the exception and prevent the worker process from existing in there. p  pIs there a way to prevent these errors from being so deadly I understand they are serious errors and should be dealt with but I would rather they not terminate the worker process for other users on other pages.p  pstrongMore specificsstrongp  pThe message dispatcher is EventStore and I believe the issue I had in this case was that it attempted to deserialize a message which implemented ICommand from a previous version of NServiceBus.  After updating to the latest beta it seems deserialization failed. Unfortunately I stupidly deleted the commit which was causing the error so I cant fully duplicate the issue.p  pThe best way Ive found so far to simulate the error is to dop  precode   public virtual ActionResult Error              Task.Factory.StartNewblowup         return new EmptyResult          private void blowup              throw new Exceptionsnap      codepre  pYoull notice the snap exception is thrown and properly processed without causing issues. However if you wait then the fact we didnt observer the exception property of the Task will eventually kill the entire application. p  pTested against Cassini but similar behaviour seen on IIS 7.5. p
Negative 10594 pI would like to add a value to each row that I get from my query depending on if a row exist in another table. Is there a smart way to achieve thisp  pThis is the code I havep  precodesth  mysqlquerySELECT tblsubApp2Tag., tbltag. FROM tblsubApp2Tag LEFT JOIN tbltag ON tblsubApp2Tag.tagid  tbltag.id WHERE tblsubApp2Tag.subAppid  .sub. ORDER BY tbltag.name ASC ifsth echo Error in query .mysqlerror whiler  mysqlfetchassocsth      query  SELECT  FROM tbluserDevice2Tag WHERE tagid.r[id]. AND userDeviceid.user.     result  mysqlqueryquery or diemysqlerror     if mysqlnumrowsresult          r[relation]  true         rows[]  r Add relation gt true to this row      else          r[relation]  false         rows[]  r Add relation gt false to this row       print jsonencoderows codepre  pWhere the Add ... is, is where I would like to insert the extra value. Any suggestions of how I can do this Im still a beginner in PHP so if there are anything else that I have missed please tell me.p  pEDIT Second query was from the wrong table. This is the correct one. p
Negative 10594 pI wrote a code to implement spin lock and mutex lock.br  There is an interesting but. A magic cout can keep my program alive. If I remove the cout, my program will be sleeping forever. This only happens in Linux. Windows is doing finebr  Any one have a cluep  precodeinclude ltpthread.hgt include ltiostreamgt include ltqueuegt include ltsystime.hgt include ltstdexceptgt include ltcstdiogt include ltcstdlibgt using namespace std  define Tcount 10 define TheLock MutexLock  static inline int TASvolatile int  ptr      unsigned long result     asm volatilelock                 xchgl 0, 1                  rresult, mptr                  01, mptr                  memory     return result      class SpinLock  private     int lock     pthreadt owner public      SpinLock          lock  0           void getLock          while TASamplock  1                     owner  pthreadself            void releaseLock          if lock  0              cout ltlt Spin no lock ltlt endl             return          else if owner  pthreadself              owner  NULL             lock  0          else              throw runtimeerrorSpin cant release                   class MutexLock  private     int lock     pthreadt owner     queueltpthreadtgt q     SpinLock qLock public      MutexLock          lock  0           void getLockint id          pthreadt self  pthreadself     coutltltaltltendl magic cout          if TASamplock  0              owner  self             return                  qLock.getLock         q.pushself         qLock.releaseLock          while owner  self                       void releaseLockint id          if lock  0              cout ltlt Mutex no lock ltlt endl             return          else if owner  pthreadself              qLock.getLock             if q.empty                  owner  NULL                 lock  0              else          owner  q.front                 q.pop                                  qLock.releaseLock          else                  throw runtimeerrorMutex cant release                 TheLock lock int g  0 void runvoid pt       int id  int pt     for int i  0 i lt 10000 i           lock.getLockid         coutltltThread ltltidltlt get lock, gltltgltltendl         int next  g  1         g  next         coutltltThread ltltidltlt release lock, gltltgltltendl         lock.releaseLockid             return NULL    int main       pthreadt th[Tcount]      long mtime, seconds, useconds     struct timeval start, end     gettimeofdayampstart, NULL      for int i  0 i lt Tcount i          pthreadcreateampth[i], NULL, run, void i10          for int i  0 i lt Tcount i          pthreadjointh[i], 0          gettimeofdayampend, NULL      seconds  end.tvsec  start.tvsec     useconds  end.tvusec  start.tvusec      mtime  seconds  1000000  useconds      cout ltlt g ltlt g ltlt endl     cout ltlt time ltlt mtime ltlt endl        return 0  codepre
Negative 10594 pIm writing a chess program with JQuery and I want to keep track of the chess squares TDs in a table.  I figured I would attach metadata to the square TDs. p  pWhat is a good standard to follow when attaching metadata to a table element p  pcustom attributes adding classesp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to run a Jetty Server that can have a number of people connect to the server and see a list of print outs. I want everybody who connects to see the same values printed out. p  pFor instance, if I have a single list keeping track of the time and I want 5 or so people to be able to go to my website e.g. localhost8080time and have them all see what time it is every 30 seconds, how would i set that up p  pWhat I havep  ul liI am using Jetty. li liI created a single server bound to port 8080.li liI created my own handler that extends AbstractHandler ul lithis writes to the screen saying when an event has transpired i.e. 30 seconds have passedli ulli liIf two people connect to this page, they each see a print out every minute that is it switches back and forth letting each person know when every other event has transpiredli liIf 3 people connect, only two can stay connected and the third just spins getting no output to the screenli ul  pI have not set up an Connectors of my own since my attempts to do so have been unsuccessful and im not sure how I understand if that is the solution to my problem.p  pAny help would be much appreciated and if anybody has some idea but needs some clarification on what I am doing I would be glad to give more details.p  pThanksp  pHandler codep  precodeOverride public void handleString target, Request request, HttpServletRequest httpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse httpServletResponse throws IOException, ServletException   httpServletResponse.setContentTypetexthtmlcharsetutf8 httpServletResponse.setStatusHttpServletResponse.SCOK  request.setContextPathtime request.setHandledtrue  while true       synchronizedMain.list           while Main.list.isEmpty                Double time  Main.list.get0               httpServletResponse.getWriter.printlnlth1gtThe time now is   time  lth1gt                httpServletResponse.flushBuffer                   Main.list.remove0                    try                Main.list.wait           catch InterruptedException e                e.printStackTrace                   codepre  pSo the list object is a static ArrayList defined in the Main class that I wake up i.e. notify every 30 seconds.  Hopefully this helps someone understand more what I am talking about as im not sure what I could change in the handler...p
Negative 10594 pIm creating a emData Access Layerem DAL to readmodify some tables stored in an XML file. While my application is running, the rows of these tables are updated very often, therefore I thinking about two possible alternativesp  ol liWhen the application starts, I could load all the data in tables through the DAL and put them in a data structure such as a codeDictionarycode. While the application is running, this dictionary is continuously updated. When the application is closing, I invoke a method of the DAL in order to overwrite the old file with the new data in the dictionary.li liIt would probably be more correct to hide this dictionary to the upper layers, so I might have a codeDictionarycode private field in the DAL. In this way, the upper layers would call the methods of the DAL to update the rows of the tables.li ol  pIs perhaps the second approach better than the first onep
Negative 10594 pI would like to get a GIF image from the network, but I found that if I download the whole GIF image, it would cause a lot of network traffic.p  pCan I get only the first frame of a GIF image without downloading all the other framesp
Negative 10594 pWhat is the difference between codetuplecode and codesetcode in MDX. How we can distinguish both and when we are using them.p
Negative 10594 pI have a listview in my jQuery page and I dynamically add content to it when data is loaded via. The sometext is something I have downloaded after the page has first been drawn.p  precodelistString   ltligtlta hrefgtsometextltagtltligt             friendslistview ul.appendlistString codepre  pand the HTML isp  precodeltdiv datarolecontent datathemebgt      ltdiv idfriendslistview classcontentprimary datathemebgt          ltul datarolelistview datafiltertruegt         ltligtlta hrefgtTESTltagtltligt          ltulgt     ltdivgt   ltdivgt codepre  pSo originally I have no list items when the page is loaded, and then I shove them in later. But when I do that, it doesnt style according to my stylesheet. The control still works, i.e. the data filter is able to search properly, but the list elements just look like hyperlinks when they should look like styled buttons. The TEST li styles properly, as expected.p  pHow do I fix it so that it is styled properly Or, did I do something else wrong along the wayp  pSorry for my noobness p
Negative 10594 pOkay, so Im creating X number of a custom UIView, that Ive created in IB... I create them in a gridlike formation and need to set their individual properties based on a response from a web service call...p  pThe part Im having trouble with is how to iterate through the different UIViews and set the variables...p  pIm pretty sure the solution is really simple, but Ive been staring blindly at this for some time now...p  pIts the part afterp  precode            if[theStatus.groupName isEqualToStringgroupEntry.groupNameLabel.text]              codepre  pHere is the entire methodp  precode voidreceivedGroups      int rows, columns      if[groupConnection.groupsArray count] lt 4              rows  1         columns  [groupConnection.groupsArray count]      else if[groupConnection.groupsArray count] gt 5 ampamp [groupConnection.groupsArray count] lt 8              rows  2         columns  [groupConnection.groupsArray count]  1  2      else              rows  3         columns  [groupConnection.groupsArray count]  2  3           int number  0      forint j1 j lt columns1 j              forint k0 k lt rows k                       Only create the number of groups that match the number of entries in our array             ifnumber lt [groupConnection.groupsArray count]                               Create an instance of the group view                 GroupEntry groupEntry  [[GroupEntry alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMake230j, 250k, 180, 233]                   Add it to the view                 [self.view addSubviewgroupEntry]                   Get the group                 GetGroupsActive theGroups  [groupConnection.groupsArray objectAtIndexnumber]                  groupEntry.groupNameLabel.text  theGroups.groupName                  forint i0 ilt[statusConnection.statusArray count] i                                                              CurrentStatus theStatus  [statusConnection.statusArray objectAtIndexi]                      if[theStatus.groupName isEqualToStringgroupEntry.groupNameLabel.text]                                              allChildren                          switchtheStatus.currentStatus                                                      case 0                                 childrenSick                                 break                             case 1                                 childrenVacation                                 break                             case 2                                 childrenPresent                                 break                             case 3                                 childrenOut                                 break                             case 4                                 childrenTour                                 break                             default                                 break                                                                                  NSString allLabelText  [NSString stringWithFormati, allChildren]                 NSString sickLabelText  [NSString stringWithFormati, childrenSick]                 NSString vacationLabelText  [NSString stringWithFormati, childrenVacation]                 NSString presentLabelText  [NSString stringWithFormati, childrenPresent]                 NSString outLabelText  [NSString stringWithFormati, childrenOut]                 NSString tripLabelText  [NSString stringWithFormati, childrenTour]                  groupEntry.sickLabelNumber.text  sickLabelText                 groupEntry.presentLabelNumber.text  presentLabelText                 groupEntry.numberLabelNumber.text  allLabelText                 groupEntry.tripLabelNumber.text  tripLabelText                 groupEntry.outLabelNumber.text  outLabelText                 groupEntry.vacationLabelNumber.text  vacationLabelText                   Create the buttons to handle button press                 UIButton childButton  [UIButton buttonWithTypeUIButtonTypeCustom]                  childButton.frame  CGRectMake230j, 250k, 180, 233                   Set an identity tag, so we can recognize it during button press                 childButton.tag  theGroups.ID                   When EventTouchUpInside, send an action to groupSelected                 [childButton addTargetself actionselectorgroupSelected forControlEventsUIControlEventTouchUpInside]                   Add it to the view                 [self.view addSubviewchildButton]                           number                codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a background div with set dimensions, which includes a table element.p  pIm looking for a way to position the table in the middleleft of the div. Left is easy, middle I cant get to work. This is what I have p  pHTMLp  precode ltdiv idbackgroundgt       lttablegt         ... stuff        lttablegt  ltdivgt codepre  pCSSp  precode background        height 1000px       width 1000px       textalign left        codepre  pCan someone tell me how to vertical align the table Thanks for help p
Negative 10594 pI am on Android 3 and I am trying to add hints to my edit text widgets. I tried adding the hint to the layout as follows...p  precodeltEditText         androidididbarname         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidinputTypetext         androidhintstringbarnamehint         androidimeOptionsactionNext         gt codepre  pBut when I focus on the Text box it writes over the hint instead of the hint disappearing.p  pimg srchttpdesmond.imageshack.usHimg580scaled.phpserver580ampfilenamebarhintprob.pngamprescrop altHint Issuep  pI found documentation on adding a onFocus listener to the EditText, but I would like to avoid doing this programatically. The post below also mentioned using selectors but I cant find documentation on how to do that.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4373888androidedittexthintAndroid EditText Hintap  pSo what is the best way to handle thisp
Negative 10594 pI have files with multiple columns and I want to read values from a particular column. I can read a column using codeawkprint columnnumbercode. p  pEach file has different lengths of columns i.e. some might be 1000 entries long and others might be just 2 and so on. The entries themselves range from 1 digit up to a maximum of 5 digits. This is the same for all the files. p  pI want to count the range of the most repeated values. For example if the column readsp  precode5 93 201 2002 20003 20005 20087 31450 31451 31452 31458 52400 52428 codepre  pthen I want to store code31,400code as the most repeated value, then code20,000code and code52,000code as the second most and third most repeated values and so on. You can say that I am rounding up the values to see the most repeated numbers, if that makes sense. These valuesthe most repeated, the second most repeated can be considered to be multiples of 100. So basically the code should look something like thisp  pcodefor f in ls pathtothefilescodep  pcodedocodep  precodewhile read i      do     ltdo the operation to sort and store the valuesgt done         codepre  pcodedonecodep  pId appreciate help with thisp
Negative 10594 pI have a codemastercode branch, and codeanotherbranchcode with twice as many files in it.p  pHow come when I codegit checkout mastercode then codegit merge anotherbranchcode it says codeAlready uptodate.code and doesnt merge the extra files into codemastercodep  pYes, i have already done codegit add .code while having codeanotherbranchcode checked out. codegit commitcode says there is nothing to commit.p  pI already saw a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3098569imtryingtomergetwodifferentbranchesbutgittellsmethateverythingisthisa post and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5326894githowtomergebranchesthisa post, but so far nothing worked.p  pEDIT The codemastercode branch has files, and the codeanotherbranchcode branch has the same files plus more. Why wont those extra files be mergedp  pEDIT I solved the problem by copying the files from codeanotherbranchcode to an external folder, checking out codemastercode, copying the files back in from the external folder, and adding all the new files and making a new commit.p  pCome to think of it, I think if I made a small change in codeanotherbranchcode then committed, I would have been able to merge everything into master, but I didnt get to try it out.p
Negative 10594 pI would like to integrate a QampA system or a forum with my rails 3 application. OSQA looks really good and seems to be exactly what I am looking for. Unfortunately it is in python and django. I am a newbie and I am not sure if such an application can be integrated with rails 3, I appreciate your comments on that.p
Negative 10594 pI am developing an XNA project, where there are two strongDrawableGameComponentsstrong emAem and emBem, with the following constraintsp  ul liEither emAem is visible, or emBem is visible. So only one of their strongDrawstrong methods has to be called.li liBoth emAem and emBem need to be enabled  always. So the strongUpdatestrong method of each has to be called under all circumstances. li ul  pCurrently both emAem and emBem are executed in the same thread. However, the Update methods of them are very CPUIntensive. Since both GameComponents do not need to talk to each other, and both GameComponents do not need to share any data, it is easily possible to parallelize them. p  pWhat I would like to know is how to do that in XNA. The Update and Draw methods are called by the XNA Framework, so I do not know where to put the Threads. Is there a standard way of doing thisp
Negative 10594 pI see a lesser than and greater than side by side in Brightscript. What does that mean Not equals perhapsp  precodeif item ltgt invalid     screen.SetContentitem endif codepre
Negative 10594 pA have trouble with blocking popups which are showed by Facebook JS SDK. After reading documentation, I understand that the call of JS SDK must be after the users click. This code works correctly and browser dont block the popupp  precodefunction Login      FB.loginfunction response          if response.authResponse              DoSmthresponse.authResponse.accessToken              ,  scopeuserbirthday, publishstream   codepre  pBut if I will use this code anywhere for ex. post to wall, get user data, the popup will be displayed in all cases, even if user already logged in in facebook. I consider, its not fine.p  pTo determine, that user already logged in, I use this codep  precodefunction CheckOrLogin      FB.getLoginStatusfunction response          if response.status  connected              DoSmthresponse.authResponse.accessToken                  else              FB.loginfunction response                  if response.authResponse                      DoSmthresponse.authResponse.accessToken                              ,  scopeuserbirthday, publishstream               , true  codepre  pIn this case popup will not be shown, if user already logged in. But if user hasnt been logged in facebook, this condition if response.status  returns false. And browser will be strongBLOCKstrong popup, which will be shown by FB.login. Is there any way to prevent thisp
Negative 10594 pI have a function checkExist that takes in a command and executes it based on whether or not the output file already exists. I pass a command like this, where file1 and file2 are just the names of output files that the commands create, so if they already exist it will ask if you want to overwrite, else it will skipp  precodecheckExist file1 file2 command1 command2 codepre  pIn actual use like thisp  precodecheckExist 1.txt 2.txt echo 1  awk 5 lt 10 print 3, 4 echo 2  awk 5 lt 10 print 3, 4 codepre  p1 and 2 above are inputs to the script smartfilter.sh containing the function checkExist within. So they are just file inputs.p  pLater in the checkExist function if the user types Yy to overwrite, or the files dont already exist then it willp  precodeeval 3 amp eval 4 amp wait codepre  pAnd I get an error like sop  precodeawk  gt 10 print ,  awk   syntax error awk  gt 10 print ,  awk                syntax error awk  gt 10 print ,  awk                  syntax error awk cmd. line1  gt 10 print ,  awk cmd. line1                   unexpected newline or end of string codepre  pI know it is to do with the single quotations codecode around the awk and eval not parsing them correctly. I have tried codecode but that doesnt work either. Is there a proper way to do thisp
Negative 10594 pI have used this query to alter the table fieldp  precode ALTER TABLE recordstudent CHANGE DATE DATE TEXT NOT NULL UNIQUE codepre  pBut I am getting this errorp  precode   ERROR 1170 42000 BLOBTEXT column DATE used in key specification without a key length codepre  pI am new to this and dont know what to do I googled it but found nothing which I could understand .Please help me to remove this error ,all I want this field as unique.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to query my connections history table into hourly timeframe, every hour its connection duration.p  precodecreate table sessionHistory    id       integer PRIMARY KEY autoincrement,   modified  integer,   ip        text,   ...   started   integer,   ended     integer  codepre  pEvery connection start has a started date, and when its finished I put an end date, both in unix epoch.p  pIm able to group them using the following queryp  precodeselect strftimeH, started, unixepoch HOUR,         sumendedstarted TOTALTIME  from sessionHistory  where ip123.123.123.123 and ended0 group by strftimeH, started, unixepoch codepre  pNow, I wish also to include in every hour the session time thats still ongoing ended0. p  pFor instance, in hour 1 the connection had started and finished with duration of  35 seconds. In hour 2 the connection had started just before turning into hour 3, with 10 seconds to turning, and stopped 10 seconds after turning into hour 3. p  pThis means that the query needs to return something like hour 1  35, hour 2  10, hour 3  10. Moreover, if the connection is still up ended0 I want to have the current hour to hold data for nowstarted, which will accumulate in the relative hour.p  pJoining 2 sqlite queries will not answer the last specification, as it will always return nowstarted, even if the session is over 1 hour long.p
Negative 10594 pWeve been using a complex type codeCreditCardTransactioncode associated with our purchase orders. It really should have been its own entity, and I am trying to fix this now.p  pHow would you write a migration from thisp  precode[ComplexType] public class CreditCardTransaction      public String SomeTransactionData  get set   codepre  pinto this entityp  precodepublic class CreditCardTransaction      public int Id  get set      public String SomeTransactionData  get set   codepre  pThis is what is generated for me. Can I easily move the data in the original table to the other tablep  precodepublic partial class test  DbMigration      public override void Up              CreateTable             CreditCardTransactions,             c gt new                                      Id  c.Intnullable false, identity true,                     SomeTransactionData  c.String                              .PrimaryKeyt gt t.Id          AddColumnPurchaseOrder, TransactionId, c gt c.Int         AddForeignKeyPurchaseOrder, TransactionId, CreditCardTransactions, Id         CreateIndexPurchaseOrders, TransactionId         DropColumnPurchaseOrders, TransactionSomeTransactionData            Down snipped  codepre
Negative 10594 pIve managed to remove the need for typing codeindex.phpcode in my urls, but it is still possible to do so. I dont want that and want to prevent users to be able to access my application via urls like codeindex.phphomecode or codeindex.phpcontactcode or even codeindex.phpcode.p  pstrongDoes anyone know how to accomplish thisstrongp
Negative 10594 pI get a large list of data to populate into a jqGrid on my clientside.p  precodeListltMyDatagt lotsOfRecords  getData codepre  pWhich I then store in cache, since a lot of people will be using itp  precodeCache[SharedData].AddlotsOfRecords codepre  pThis grid allows users to check records for processing. I want to persist which records are checked as a user sorts, filters, pages, etc.p  pMy first thought was to add a property codebool Selected  get set code to the codeMyDatacode object, and toggle it whenever someone checks a field. Obviously, that wont work since this is a shared cache. I dont want Joe User checking things that Bill User didnt want checked.p  pNext idea was to store a codeDictionaryltint, boolgtcode in session, that maps the id of a record to the checked status. This wasnt bad, but since there is no easy way to combine objects in .NET, I dont see a clean way to send that down to my grid without a clunky anonymous objectp  precodereturn lotsOfRecords.Selectrecord gt       record.Id,      record.Name,      ...      myDictionary[record.Id]  truefalse for checked  codepre  pThat would be a solution, but Im hoping there is a cleaner design pattern considering I have a lot of fields in my object and use it in a similar way across a few pages. Any suggestions are welcome. Thanks in advancep  pBtw, my current environment is ASP.NET MVC 3 with jQueryUI and jqGrid. p
Negative 10594 pI have a complex Flex 3 app that is divided into two library projects and a Flex application that imports the libs. Id like to compile and run this on iOS and Andriod.p  pThe libs use mostly pure actionscript classes that derive from mx components. For example, a custom button that derives from mx.button with additional functionality. Most components are created by compositing mx components together.p  pThe Adobe docs say that you cannot use mx components in Mobile apps. My question is do I need to convert the libs to use the spark equivalents of the mx components p  pWhat is the best approach to doing thisp  pDo I need to apply any special settings to the libs to use in a mobile flex or as project p  pFinal question do mobile projects convert the as code to objective c and compile when targeting iOSp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to add text to textarea in current pointer position, heres the code for PC tha works finep  precodefunction getCursorinput     var result   start 0, end 0      if input.setSelectionRange          result.start input.selectionStart         result.end  input.selectionEnd          else if document.selection  return 0      else if document.selection ampamp document.selection.createRange          var range  document.selection.createRange         var storedrange  range.duplicate         storedrange.moveToElementTextinput         storedrange.setEndPointEndToEnd, range         result.start  storedrange.text.length  range.text.length         result.end  result.start  range.text.length           returnresult   function setCursortxtarea, start, end     iftxtarea.createTextRange          var range  txtarea.createTextRange         range.movecharacter, start         range.select      else iftxtarea.selectionStart          txtarea.setSelectionRangestart, end       function superChar     starttag      mytext  codeText.get0     mytext.focus     var scrtop  mytext.scrollTop     var cursorPos  getCursormytext      if cursorPos.startcursorPos.end          var nuCursorPoscursorPos.startstarttag.length         mytext.value  mytext.value.substring0,cursorPos.start  starttag  mytext.value.substrcursorPos.start         setCursormytext, nuCursorPos, nuCursorPos          else          var txtpremytext.value.substring 0,cursorPos.start         var txtselmytext.value.substringcursorPos.start, cursorPos.end         var txtaftmytext.value.substringcursorPos.end         mytext.value  txtpre  starttag  txtsel  endtag  txtaft         var nuCursorPosStringtxtpre  starttag  txtsel  endtag.length         setCursormytext, nuCursorPos, nuCursorPos          if scrtop mytext.scrollTopscrtop  codepre  pbut on mobile device android it always adds symbol to beginng of text. I had googled it but not found any result. Maybe somebody knowsp
Negative 10594 pI have a site collection in which Document Id feature is activated. Documents are archived to this site collection from another site in which Document Id is activated as well and the only information I have about the moved file is the document id which is same between the source and the destination. I need to download the file using web request, but my code gives 401 Unauthorised Exception. My code is as belowp  precodestring url  httpltsite collectiongtlayoutsDocIdRedir.aspxIDltdoc idgt HttpWebRequest request  HttpWebRequest.Createurl as HttpWebRequest             request.Method  Get             request.PreAuthenticate  true var  credential new NetworkCredentialusername, password, domainname request.Credentials  credential HttpWebResponse response  request.GetResponse as HttpWebResponse codepre  pI need to give some sort of authentication, but could not figure it out. Any help would be greatly appreciated.p  pThanks and Regards Arjabhp
Negative 10594 pI have tried my code PHP, it works. But what I want is using iframe for watching the feed dialog in the same page. But the code displayiframe doesnt work. So can anyone help me to find out the problem  p  pHere is my codep  precode            public function postOnWallwho, message, name, caption, link, description, picture, actions, source           attachment  arraydisplay gt iframe, message gt message, name gt name, caption gt caption, link gt link, description gt description, picture gt picture, actions gt actions      result  thisgtfbgtapi . who . feed, post, attachment      codepre
Negative 10594 pDoes anyone know, if there is a bug in CRUD in delete operations. DB Adapterp  precodethisgtdb  ZendRegistrygetdb codepre  pI do like thisp  precodesql  DELETE FROM premiumitems WHERE id  id                     stmt  new ZendDbStatementPdothisgtdb, sql                      return stmtgtexecute codepre  pandp  precodesql  DELETE FROM premiumitems WHERE id                   stmt  new ZendDbStatementPdothisgtdb, sql                  return stmtgtexecutearrayid codepre  pandp  precodethisgtdbgtdeletepremiumitems, id  id codepre  pEach variant works without any errors but does not do what it has to do. What can I do in such situation p
Negative 10594 pGoogle Chrome is set as my default browser on Windows 7. However, when I compile and run an XBAP application in Visual Studio 2010, Id like it to run in IE9. Currently, VS2010 tries to view it in Chrome.p  pIs there a way to have VS2010 use IE9 for XBAP projectsp  pMy current workaround is to set IE9 as my default browser while testing.p
Negative 10594 pI have something likep  precodepublic interface IExample    int GetInteger   T GetAnything How do I define a function with a generic return type   codepre  pIs this possiblep
Negative 10594 pThis is the new project structure from the Django 1.4 release notes.p  pre myproject  manage.py  myproject     init.py     settings.py     urls.py     wsgi.py  polls      init.py      models.py      tests.py      views.py pre  pWhat I am not sure about is whether I should point STATICROOT top  pcodemyprojectmyprojectstaticcode together with settings.py, urls.py...p  pstrongORstrongp  pThe toplevel directory codemyprojectstaticcode next to myproject, myapp1, myapp2p
Negative 10594 pI have very long multidimensional array that have many sub arrays. I would like to insert some value from them into mysql. I would be gratefull for some tip how to deal with it. I would like to use a loop that put only some value to one or different table in database. How I can get value from for example [Things][Thing][k][value] Thanks for any advice.p  precodeArray  [Data] gt Array              [A] gt Array                              [B] gt Array                                              [0] gt Array                                                              [C] gt Array                                                                              [value] gt some value1                                                                      [D] gt Array                                                                              [value] gt some value2                                                                      [E] gt some value3                                                      [1] gt Array                                                              [C] gt Array                                                                              [value] gt some value4                                                                      [D] gt Array                                                                              [value] gt some value5                                                                      [E] gt 5                                                                   [value] gt               [Things] gt Array                              [Thing] gt Array                                              [F] gt Array                                                              [value] gt some value6                                                      [G] gt Array                                                              [H] gt Array                                                                              [0] gt Array                                                                                              [i] gt Array                                                                                                              [value] gt some value7                                                                                                      [j] gt Array                                                                                                              [value] gt some value8                                                         [value] gt some value8                                                                                                      [k] gt Array                                                                                                              [value] gt some value9                                                                                                      [l] gt Array                                                                                                              [value] gt some value10                                                                                                      [m] gt some value11                                                 [n] gt                                                                                       [1] gt Array                                                                                              [o] gt Array                                                                                                              [value] gt some value12                                                                                                      [p] gt Array                                                                                                              [value] gt some value13                                                                                                      [r] gt Array                                                                                                              [value] gt some value14                                                                                                      [d] gt Array                                                                                                              [value] gt some value15                                                                                                      [t] gt some value16                                                 [u] gt                                                                                                                    [value] gt                                                                                                                        [Thing2] gt Array                                                          ...                              and so on... codepre  pIn my database I have table for these things from array above. There is id in it of course and some other fields that are connected with other tables. As you can see below I would like to get some values from array, insert it into Table Thing, and some of them put into Table for field 4 and Table for field 5 and get id of them and put it into Table Thing. Ill use stored procedure.  I would like to call it from php I hope that this conception is good. I have problem to get values that I want to get from this array so David Chan Im looking for help with array and loop. I tried as Starx has written but I got nothing white screen. Im still learning so I know that I have to do something wrong.p  precode............          .................       .................. Table Thing           Table for field 4       Table for field 5  id int                id int                  id int field 1 varchar       value varchar           value varchar field 2 varchar field 3 varchar       ................        ................ field 4 int field 5 int ... ........... codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a software SoundTap Streaming Audio Recorder. p  pIt records any audio sent to speakers whether stream is coming from web or from some file or microphone. Can i make such app in desktop app having facility that i can record stream sent to my speakers regardless of source.p
Negative 10594 pI would like to monitor users page visits and clicks in my Rails app to make recommendations. My questions arep  ul liIs there a Rails gem for this, or Google Analytics is the standard If latter is true, then how should I link a page visit to a particular user profileli liIt is typical in Rails to have a  section in application.html.erb, which is shared for all pages. If I add Google Analytics pageview tracking code to  in application.html.erb, will it be able to track all individual pagesli ul  pThank you.p
Negative 10594 pI wrote up a custom MongoDB Listener with Entlib 5.0 as my Exception Handler in my web app. It works great except for the fact that it creates a document entry for every line below, including the empty linesp  precode Timestamp 4172012 41350 PM Message HandlingInstanceID c3c5f58a89b34b64b05d3f72f998bab4 An exception of type System.NullReferenceException occurred and was caught.  04172012 161350 Type  System.NullReferenceException, mscorlib, Version2.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089 Message  Object reference not set to an instance of an object. Source  MyCo.Webservices.TheCoolService Data  System.Collections.ListDictionaryInternal TargetSite  System.String TestExceptionHandling Stack Trace     at Logging.TestExceptionHandling in CtfsDevelopmentSourceMyCo.Webservices.TheCoolServiceLoggingLogging.csline 55    codepre  pWhat Id like to do is throw most of this information into one document so as to not have 10 different documents for the same error. Even writing my own Exception formattter a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryff664587vpandp.50.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryff664587vpandp.50.aspxa I still cant seem to get around the multiple calls to the customlistener.Write method, each of which creates a new document in my mongodb collection.p  pMy Entlib experience is limited, but I dont see how to get around it unless I write the whole ExceptionFormatter from scratch. Anybody have any ideas how to get around thisp
Negative 10594 pI am not quite sure my question really has something to do with codelistviewcode.There is an app named a hrefhttpsplay.google.comstoreappsdetailsidch.gridvision.pbtm.androidtimerecorder relnofollowGleeo Time Trackera ,and a hrefhttpwww.google.com.hkimgresqgleeo20time20trackampum1amphlzhCNampnewwindow1ampsafestrictamptbmischamptbnidPUrX5ft8YVFxgM3aampimgrefurlhttpwww.anzhuo99.comruanjianshenghuobibei13098.htmlampdocideVjMwaba6aL74Mampimgurlhttpwww.anzhuo99.comjimi168320x480100973121314000333376.jpgampw320amph480ampei19STT6qFuG5iQf9OygBAampzoom1ampiactrcampdur295ampsig102663670689591432708amppage1amptbnh154amptbnw103ampstart0ampndsp25ampved1t429,r0,s0,i66amptx61ampty114ampbiw1366ampbih673 relnofollowherea has a screenview of it.When you press the symbol codecode,a new item will be created,and you can delete one item by pressing the codecode.More is that when I click the record button on the left of the item,the background will change.p  pMy question is,what is it in the end,a listview How can I achieve such thingThank you allp
Negative 10594 pI user Bing Maps Ajax v7 API to get users location from the example a hrefhttp207.46.16.251enuslibraryhh125839.aspx relnofollowherea p  pIs it possible to wait until the callback is executed and until I get a longitude, latitude for the users position or an error if heshe does not allow to get the positionp  precode    function test            Call GetMap to get position           GetMap           Wait until callback is finished          Do something with users location result of the callback              function GetMap                 Set the map options         var mapOptions  credentialsBing Maps Key            Initialize the map         var map  new Microsoft.Maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmapDiv, mapOptions           Initialize the location provider         var geoLocationProvider  new Microsoft.Maps.GeoLocationProvidermap           Get the users current location         geoLocationProvider.getCurrentPositionsuccessCallbackdisplayCenter          Execute some more code with users location             function displayCenterargs                Display the user location when the geo location request returns         alertThe users location is   args.center       codepre
Negative 10594 pHello I have inserted a text box by using the java script, beside to delete button symbol.p  pNow I have to implement some logic to that text box to save the text readed data. Please could you suggest me, how it is possiblep  precodetestTypeNode.Text  testTypeNode.Text amp  amp       ltimg src..imagesdelete16x.ico amp       styletextalignbottom cursorpointer altDelete TestType amp       titleDelete TestType onclickjavascriptifconfirmAre you sure you want to delete Any running tests will be aborted amp        amp ClientScript.GetPostBackEventReferencebtnDeleteTestType,  amp sequenceNode.Value.ToString amp      WordSeparationChar amp testTypeNode.Value.ToString amp  amp  gt amp       ltinput type  text id  txtExperimentalStressdays name ExperimentalStressdays size  4 titlePlease enter the Experimental Stressdays javascriptonfocusdowngt codepre
Negative 10594 pI want to copy all files of a hard drive to a flash drive, using CMD if possible.p  pSo, create a flash drive with a file on it that backs up your pics WITHOUT recreating ALL the directories.p  pI have triedp  precodefor r C x in .jpg .png .gif do copy y x codepre  pThe problem with that, is, a BATCH file doesnt run it, you have to run it directly in CMD.p  pI have also tried XCOPY and ROBOCOPY, but they recreate the directories, making it very complicated for a user.p
Negative 10594 pI created a vector of pointersp  precodevectorltPersongt personVec  new vectorltPersongt codepre  pPerson containsp  precodegetName getAge codepre  pIf I try to use the iterator it doesnt work.. Here is how I use itp  precode    vectorltPersongtiterator it     forit  personVecgtbegin          it  personVecgtend          it              cout ltlt itgtgetName ltlt endl      codepre  pI tried codevectorltPersongtiterator itcode but no luck with that either.p  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pI want to know the size of memory used by session state variables including all the sessions present in AppDomain. I got the size of session variable that present in that session. But i want for entire AppDomain.p  pThanks, Pravinp
Negative 10594 pI have a letter edited in ckeditor in ASP.NET which include style tags to get the sign of the writer of the letter. I passed it to a textbox and now I want to report this letter in stimulsoftreport.net but when I do this the sign is not displayed in the report and only the text is displayed. how can I report this letter completely what can I do to stimulsoft to support the style tags. I tried the  strongallow html tagsstrong and strongallow image behindstrong property but it did not solve the problem. anyone have another idea thanks for your helpp
Negative 10594 pI try to solve the spoj problem using strongpythonstrong. My algorithm should be only strongOn2strong, but still strongTLEstrong is returned...br My method is just a strongmultiple source BFSstrong.  p  ol liFind out the position of all 1  li liRun BFS on each 1, store the shortest distance into an 2D list named ansli liprint ansli ol  pproblem link a hrefhttpwww.spoj.plproblemsBITMAP relnofollowhttpwww.spoj.plproblemsBITMAPap  precodeif name  main     n  intinput    reading number of test cases     for k in rangen          row, col  input.split    row and col         row  introw         col  intcol         store the bitmap         bitmap  []         for i in rangerow             line  input             bitmap.appendline         ans  [[False for i in rangecol] for j in rangerow]     init a 2d array to store answer         front  []         numelement  rowcol         processed  0         for i in rangerow             for j in rangecol                 ifbitmap[i][j]  1                     ans[i][j]  0                     front.appendi,j                     processed  processed 1         while processed lt numelement             newlist  []             for node in front                 i  node[0]                 j  node[1]                 newdistance  ans[i][j]  1                 ifigt 0 and ans[i1][j] is False                     ans[i1][j] newdistance                                         newlist.appendi1,j                     processed  processed 1                 ifilt row 1 and ans[i1][j] is False                     ans[i1][j] newdistance                     newlist.appendi1,j                     processed  processed 1                 ifj gt 0 and ans[i][j1] is False                     ans[i][j1] newdistance                     newlist.appendi,j1                     processed  processed 1                 ifj lt col 1 and ans[i][j1] is False                     ans[i][j1] newdistance                     newlist.appendi,j1                     processed  processed 1             front  newlist         print the answer         for line in ans             s  mapstr, line             print .joins         input codepre
Negative 10594 pI am using numbertocurrency for displaying amount of money, and I have problem with negative values. My hr.yml looks like thisp  precode number     currency       format         format n u         separator ,         delimiter .               unit KN   codepre  pand normal numbers looks ok. For example for 212 I got 212,50 KN which is correct. But for 212 I got KN212,50 which is wrong. I cant find solution anywhere. What have I done wrong Thank youp
Negative 10594 pI a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9963301turneventintoaasynccallcasked this questiona earlier, but had forgotten to mention some constraints. This is for Windows Phone 7.1 Mango with Silverlight 4 and C 4, which lacks codeSystem.Threading.Taskscode, codeawaitcode and more. Im asking again in hope for a native solution without 3rd party libs like a hrefhttpwww.nuget.orgpackagesSystem.Threading.Tasks relnofollowthisa.p  pIm wrapping a library for my own use. To get a certain property I need to wait for an event, which fires pretty quick. Im trying to wrap that into a blocking call.p  pBasically, I want to turnp  precodevoid Prepare      foo  new Foo     foo.Initialized  OnFooInit     foo.Start  string Bar      return foo.Bar   Only available after OnFooInit has been called.  codepre  pInto thisp  precodestring GetBarWithWait      foo  new Foo     foo.Initialized  OnFooInit     foo.Start      Wait for OnFooInit to be called and run, but dont know how     return foo.Bar  codepre  pHow could this best be accomplishedp
Negative 10594 pI want to get the tags with class attribute equal to someclass but only those tags that hasnt defined the attribute id.p  pstrongI triedstrong the following based on this answer but didnt workp  precodehtmlgtfind.someclass[id] codepre  pstrongNotestrongp  pIm using a hrefhttpsimplehtmldom.sourceforge.netmanual.htm relnofollowSimple HTML DOM classa and in the basic documentation that they give, I didnt find what I need.p
Negative 10594 precodeplacenametimezonenamefromabbr, timezone  3600, false                         date  datecreatelist[stamp], timezoneopenplacename                         datetimezonenew DateTimeZoneEuropeLondon                         dateTime  new DateTimelist[stamp],datetimezone                          dateTimegtsetTimeZonenew DateTimeZoneplacename  codepre  pstrongeditstrongp  pI tried the following code suggested as an answer, and it produced a time that was 2 hours off what it should have been. I checked my db and the time in the DB matches GMT. so the issue is with converting it from GMT using the conversionp  precodetimezone4 codepre  pcode from users answer, below produces time that is two hours off. converts from GMT to AmericaNewYork but it two hours slow. I checked the placename variable to make sure that it is AmericaNewYork. what could be causing thisp  precodeplacenametimezonenamefromabbr, timezone  3600, true dateTime  new DateTimelist[stamp]  dateTimegtsetTimeZonenew DateTimeZoneplacename  echo dateTimegtformatF d gi a  codepre  pstrongoriginal questionstrongp  pinstead of converting it to AmericaNewYork time this produced a UTC time that i have stored in my database, why is this, why didnt it convert the time it is stored in db as code20120513 073047codep  precodeplacenametimezonenamefromabbr, timezone  3600, true date  datecreatelist[stamp], timezoneopenplacename echo dateformatdate, F d gi a codepre
Negative 10594 pI had two stringsp  precodeltstring namebigtextgtBig textltstringgt ltstring nameanothertextgtSmall textltstringgt codepre  pI need them both in EditTexts androidhint.p  pI tried to combine them amp put Big text into codeltbgtBig textltbgtcodep  precodeltstring nametestgtltbgtBig textltbgt nSmall textltstringgt codepre  pBig text is bold, yep. But how to specify that Big text should have bigger font than Small textp
Negative 10594 pI want to embed a facebook video in a webapp but do something when its over.br Similarly to the YouTube API Player, is there any complete event I can listen to on embedded FB videos p
Negative 10594 pI want to add the same header for navigation to all the pages on the app.p  pIt should look something like thisp  precode   Button1 Button2 Button3   Content content content  ... codepre  pHow can I do thatp  pSo far I found something like this to my existing layoutsp  precodeltinclude androidididheader          layoutlayoutmyheader          androidlayoutheightwrapcontent          androidlayoutwidthfillparentgt  codepre  pBut I am not sure how to put the buttons across the top of the header or how to structure that layout.p  pAny idea what I can dop  pAlso, for the buttons that will be present on the header, should I add a listener to every page for each of those buttonsp  pAlso, I made this headerp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid  androidlayoutwidthfillparent androidlayoutheightfillparent  androidpadding5dipgt   ltButton androidididhome   androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent   androidtextHome   androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue gt   ltButton androidididquestions   androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent   androidtextMy Questions   androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue gt    ltButton androidididbusinesses   androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent   androidtextMy Businesses   androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue gt     ltButton androidididlearn   androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent   androidtextLearning Center   androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue gt      ltButton androidididextrahelp   androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontent   androidtextExtra Help   androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue gt   ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pBut all the buttons show up on top of each other instead of next to each other.  How could that be solvedp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI have a problem to manipulate checkbox values. The change event on checkboxes returns an object, in my case p  precodeval1member,val2book,val3journal,val4newmember,val5cds codepre  pThe above object needed to be transformed in order the search engine to consume it like p  precode member,book,journal,newmember,cds codepre  pI have done that with the below code blockp  precodevar formcheckbox  this.getFormcheckbox formcheckbox.onchange, functioncheckbox, value                  var arr[]                  for var i in value                      arr.pushvalue[i]                                   var wrd  new Arrayarr                     var joinwrd  wrd.join,                         var filter    joinwrd                            console.logfilter                  Ext.Msg.alertOutput,   joinwrd                     codepre  pThe problem is that I want to the change events output var filter that is producing the  member,book,journal,newmember,cds  to use it elsewhere. I tried to make the whole event a variable var output  the change event but it doesnt work.p  pMaybe it is a silly question but I am a newbie and I need a little help.p  pThank you in advance,p  pTom p
Negative 10594 pI have an ASP.net MVC 3 app using razor, and when using the default AccountController to log out the current user, I have picked up a security issue. After clicking log out LogoutPartial view, I get redirected to Log On page. Fine, but when I click Back on the browser, it allows me back into the web application and does not ask for me to log on.p  pThe route with parameters is as followsp  precoderoutes.MapRoute                 Person,  Route name                 PersonprofileNameactionid,  URL with parameters                 new  controller  Person, action  Index, id  UrlParameter.Optional   defaults              example httplocalhost1946PersonJoeBlackListTeamMembers codepre  pIt seems the profileName is still active in the session  and allowing the call to the controller. However the controller action ListTeamMembers has the [Authorize] attribute, so Im not sure how its letting the user in...p
Negative 10594 pMy application generate reports as rtffiles. I want to send this file by  email, but NOT as attachment, but inside the emailbody. And the receiver  must see the formatted text. How can I do that p
Negative 10594 pi have one interface like,p  precodepublic interface Details      int Id  get set      string Name  get set            codepre  pAnd i have one method in another class likep  precodepublic void GetDetails             ListltDetailsgt lstDetails  new ListltDetailsgt             DetailsImpl objDetailsImpl     Details objDetails  new DetailsImpl     for int i  1 i lt 2 i              objDetailsImpl  new DetailsImpl The DetailsImpl class is given below         objDetails.Id  i         ifi1            objDetails.Name  FirstName         else            objDetails.Name  SecondName         lstDetails.AddobjDetails          objDetailsImpl.InsertRecordslstDetails    codepre  pAnd i write strongInsertRecordsstrong methods in another derived class like,p  precodepublic class DetailsImpl  Details      Dictionaryltobject, objectgt objDictionary  new Dictionaryltobject, objectgt     public string Name  get set      public int Id  get set       public int InsertRecordsListltDetailsgt lstDetails              for int i  0 i lt lstDetails.Count i                      i want to get the integer value Id from ListlstDetails             Id  How to get the Id value based on count, now the ltlstDetailsgt count is 2              i want to get the Name object value also, how to i get             Name  Convert.ToStringString.Join,,lstDetails.Selects gt s.Name.ToArray             If i using the above line for getting Name value means, its comes like FirstName,LastName, but i want Name value based on row.....               objDictionary.Clear             objDictionary.AddId,Id             objDictionary.AddId,Name             Here i passed this parameter to ExecuteNonQry method for insert operations             ExecuteNonQryspname,objDictonary,CommandType.StoredProcedure                  return 1       codepre  pI want to get strongId, Namestrong object values based on list count. How to i solve thisp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to implement a data structure which allows me to keep track of an index so I can blindly access the data points, a key which needs to be there to identify the data in the rest of the program, and a value.p  pIve looked at a map, but that does not allow me to access the data points without any key. I need some combination of a Queue and a Map. Does this exist and Im just missing it Thanks for the help.p
Negative 10594 pI am working on a c application. i got some core files from the client which he says are generated now but is not willing to say how are they generated and what he has done from generating them.p  pi doubt he is wrong and may be he gave me the dump which were generated long time ago.p  pis there any way where i can get the actual creation time of the filep  pi doubt the files may be created in some other servers and he has transfered them. anyone pls help.p  pif its not in the core file ,may be unix has some way to know the actual creation time of the file in current server or some other server.p  ppls help.p
Negative 10594 pI want to have a time range on a UIDatePicker, so I can display what times users can book a meeting. Say on May 25th, they can book between 12pm and 8 pm, if they scroll to May 26th they can book between 4pm and 8pm.p  pSo Im wondering how I can display this in a UIDatePicker Users cant choose time outside of a preset I have for each day.p  pAny help is appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pWe are in the process of redesigning some legacy software to be more testable and have decided upon DependencyInjection and Castle.Windsor to help us.p  pFirst, our goal  A number of decorators that all work on a data stream.  Multiple combinations of the decorators are possible and the root nodes in each case can be required to get data from different places.p  pTechnically, our design is as followsp  precodeinterface IUpdateableValueltTgt     T Get  codepre  pWe have e.g. three sets of data to be retrieved with a number of components, all implementing IUpdateableValue Pseudocodep  precodeJsonParser     Decompressor         DecrypterdecryptionKey             FileCachefilename,                  HttpWebDownloaderurl  XmlParser     Decompressor         DecrypterdecryptionKey2             FileCachefilename2,                  HttpWebDownloaderurl2 codepre  pIm having trouble getting out design to fit into a DIframework like CastleWindsor. I suspect some of it could be handled by named instances, but this seems smelly for this usage.p  pThe idea is that the user of e.g. the JsonParser and XmlParser instances dont know or care whether data comes from a HttpUrl, a file or magically pulled out of a hat.p  pIm thinking there is something wrong in our design, but unsure how to fix it.p  pAny ideas on how to progressp
Negative 10594 pI am writing what I thought would be a simple script but I am stuck.p  pThe scenario is that I want to create 2 strings from the GET request.p  peg  domain.comscript.phpClientA12345p  pIn script.php it needs to grab the Client and create 2 variables.  One is brand and needs to grab the A or B from the URL.  The Other is id which needs to grab the 12345 from the URL.p  pNow, after it has these 2 variables brand and id it needs to have an if statement to redirect based on the brand like belowp  precodeif brandA  headerLocation httpa.com  if brandB  headerLocation httpb.com codepre  pAt the end of each URL I want to apend the id though and I am unsure on how to do this.p  pSo for example I would access the script at domain.comscriptClientA1234 and it needs to redirect me to a.com12345p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pI am doing a right join between two datatables in LINQ. I am getting an error at the orderby line Specified cast is not valid.p  pSomeOtherID column is of type System.Int64 in the dbml and allows DBNull. The column has some null values in the data, which is valid. It seems these nulls have to be handled in a certain way in the orderby statement but I am not sure how. The data is coming in through a web service. I checked the reference.cs file and the corresponding property for the column is an int.p  pHow should the LINQ statement bep  precode var query  from table1 in DataTable1.AsEnumerable                           join table2 in DataTable2.AsEnumerable                               on int table1[CustomerID] equals int table2[CustomerID] into outer                           from table2 in outer.DefaultIfEmpty                           orderby inttable2[SomeOtherID]                            select new                                                                                ......                                       codepre
Negative 10594 pAfter a security report, Ive been asked to provide a secure session cookie.p  pI am using pyramidbeaker.sessionfactoryfromsettings and was lucky to be able to set the httponly with codesession.httponly, Truecode, but codesession.secure, Truecode does not provide the second option.p  pIs it possible to do itp  pPointers to the different codesession.code settings much appreciated also.p  pemEDITem I found a list in codebeaker.utils.coercesessionparamscodep  pThanks.p  pemEDITem I think i got the problem. I am using in development precode        httpserver  simpleserver.makeserver0.0.0.0, noport, app         httpserver.serveforevercodepre, so the cookie is not sent because I am not in HTTPS. I need to set up an HTTPs server for this.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to use JQuery UI Tab feature  a hrefhttpjqueryui.comdemostabscollapsible.html relnofollowhttpjqueryui.comdemostabscollapsible.htmla but by default the contents are visible to us, even if we havent clicked on any tab.. How do I set it as hidden at page load timep
Negative 10594 pI was developing an app which saves the image uri taken from camera first in a sqlite3 db and then retrieve it back to set it to an imageview. I had the well known out of memory error in vm. I tried various ways found in various other questions like 1p  blockquote   pSo youp  precodeeither need to encourage the imageView to recycle the previous bitmap  possibly with setImageView or get the bitmap from the URI and use setImageBitmapandroid.graphics.Bitmap instead then you can do codepre      psetImageBitmapnull and bitmap.recycle.p blockquote  p2p  precodeBitmapDrawableimageView.getDrawable.getBitmap.recycle codepre  p3p  precodeprotected void onDestroy           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onDestroy         unbindDrawablesfindViewByIdR.id.showDataViewRoot         System.gc       codepre  pStrangely none of them quite worked,and the error kept on appearing. Mostly because the error came during the first attempt to display image itselfso no chance for recycling i guess. When searching I found following link a hrefhttpwww.vogella.comarticlesAndroidCameraarticle.htmlexample relnofollowhttpwww.vogella.comarticlesAndroidCameraarticle.htmlexamplea Taking the cue from there I did following changep  precodeimageView.setImageBitmapBitmapFactory.decodeStreamnew FileInputStreampath codepre  pCompelete modified code for my ShowData.javawith commented previous attempts. The code for setting image in fillImagep  precodepackage org.dheeraj.imnci  import java.io.FileInputStream import java.io.FileNotFoundException import java.util.ArrayList  import android.app.Activity import android.database.Cursor import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase import android.graphics.Bitmap import android.graphics.BitmapFactory import android.graphics.drawable.BitmapDrawable import android.net.Uri import android.os.Bundle import android.util.Log import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup import android.widget.AdapterView import android.widget.AdapterView.OnItemSelectedListener import android.widget.ArrayAdapter import android.widget.ImageView import android.widget.Spinner import android.widget.TableLayout import android.widget.TableRow import android.widget.TextView  public class ShowData extends Activity      private Spinner spinnerId     private DbHelper dbHelper     private SQLiteDatabase dbReader     private Cursor cursor     private ArrayListltStringgt idList     private ArrayAdapterltStringgt adapter     private String id     private TableLayout dataTable      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.showdata         dbHelper  new DbHelperthis         spinnerId  Spinner findViewByIdR.id.spinnerData         dataTable  TableLayout findViewByIdR.id.tableShowData         fillSpinner            private void fillDataString id          String tableNames[]   motherreg, anc02, anc03, anc04,                 tt1, tt2, ttb, abortions, po, pnc, ifa          for String table  tableNames              getDataFromTabletable, id                    private void getDataFromTableString table, String id           TODO Autogenerated method stub          getTableTitletable         getTableColumnstable, id           private void getTableColumnsString table, String id           TODO Autogenerated method stub         SQLiteDatabase dbReader         Cursor cursor         TableRow colRow         TextView labelView         TextView valueView         String label         String value          dbReader  dbHelper.getReadableDatabase         try              if table.equalsmotherreg                 cursor  dbReader.querytable, null, mid  id, null, null,                         null, null, null             else                 cursor  dbReader.querytable, null, ID  id, null, null,                         null, null, null              Log.dgetTableColumns, table             if cursor.moveToFirst                  do                      Log.din cursor,   cursor.getColumnCount                     for int i  0 i lt cursor.getColumnCount i                          label  cursor.getColumnNamei                         value  cursor.getStringi                          labelView  new TextViewthis                         valueView  new TextViewthis                         colRow  new TableRowthis                          labelView.setTextlabel                         valueView.setTextvalue                         colRow.addViewlabelView                         colRow.addViewvalueView                         dataTable.addViewcolRow                                        while cursor.moveToNext                           cursor.close          finally              if dbReader  null                 dbReader.close                    private void getTableTitleString table           TODO Autogenerated method stub         TableRow tabRow         TextView tv         String title  table.replace,  .toUpperCase         tabRow  new TableRowthis         tv  new TextViewthis         tv.setTexttitle         tv.setTextSize20         tabRow.addViewtv         dataTable.addViewtabRow           private void fillImageString id           TODO Autogenerated method stub          ImageView imageView         boolean picFound          SQLiteDatabase dbReader         Cursor cursor          String path  null          imageView  ImageView findViewByIdR.id.showDataImage          picFound  false         dbReader  dbHelper.getReadableDatabase         try              String tableName  pictures             String[] columns   mid, uri              Log.did value,   id             cursor  dbReader.querytableName, columns, mid  id, null,                     null, null, null, null             Log.dgotCursor, foundcursor             if cursor.moveToFirst                   Log.din cursor,   cursor.getColumnCount                 path  cursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexuri                 Log.dshowdataimagepath, path                 if path  null                     picFound  true                  imgUri  Uri.parsenew Filepath.toString                                    bmpImage  BitmapFactory.decodeFilepath                                                                            scaledBmp  Bitmap.createScaledBitmapbmpImage, 100, 150,                   true bmpImage.recycle bmpImage  null                                             cursor.close          finally              if dbReader  null                 dbReader.close                   if picFound             imageView.setImageResourceR.drawable.defaultuser         else               Log.dinimageview, imgUri.toString              try                  imageView.setImageBitmapBitmapFactory.decodeStreamnew FileInputStreampath              catch FileNotFoundException e                   TODO Autogenerated catch block                 e.printStackTrace                                 LayoutParams lv  new LayoutParams200, 300          imgRow.setLayoutParamslv            Override     protected void onDestroy           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onDestroy         unbindDrawablesfindViewByIdR.id.showDataViewRoot         System.gc            private void unbindDrawablesView view          if view.getBackground  null              view.getBackground.setCallbacknull                  if view instanceof ViewGroup ampamp view instanceof AdapterView              for int i  0 i lt ViewGroup view.getChildCount i                  unbindDrawablesViewGroup view.getChildAti                          ViewGroup view.removeAllViews                    Override     protected void onPause           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onDestroy         unbindDrawablesfindViewByIdR.id.showDataViewRoot         System.gc           void fillSpinner          dbReader  dbHelper.getReadableDatabase         String columns[]   mid           try              cursor  dbReader.querymotherreg, columns, null, null, null,                     null, mid DESC             if cursor.moveToFirst                  idList  new ArrayListltStringgt                 do                      idList.addcursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexmid                  while cursor.moveToNext                 cursor.close                  adapter  new ArrayAdapterltStringgtthis,                         android.R.layout.simplespinneritem, idList                 adapter.setDropDownViewResourceandroid.R.layout.simplespinnerdropdownitem                 spinnerId.setAdapteradapter                 spinnerId                         .setOnItemSelectedListenernew OnItemSelectedListener                               Override                             public void onItemSelectedAdapterViewltgt arg0,                                     View arg1, int arg2, long arg3                                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                                 id  arg0.getItemAtPositionarg2.toString                                  dataTable.removeAllViews                                 unbindDrawablesdataTable                                 fillImageid                                 fillDataid                                                           Override                             public void onNothingSelectedAdapterViewltgt arg0                                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                                                                              finally              if dbReader  null                 dbReader.close                codepre  pWhat I cant understand is that how it worked. Does taking inputstream somehow reduces size as compared to direct usage of file as in imageview.setimageuriUri.parsepath or it uses some kind of buffer Just want to know what went wrong. Kindly do tell if more information regarding the code of my app is needed. But this strange memory issue has really baffled me and I am really confused with so many ways mentioned in different threads.  More information about my app target api 1.6 mid SDK version 4 p  pEdit 1 I am quite sorry but this method also failed after some trials with ShowData. Following is the screen shot of Logcat img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPRlLj.png altenter image description here Now i am really very confused. Just how to show a simple image saved by camera in sdcard in my imageview My sincere thanks in advance for any kind help.p  pEdit 2 Tried some more change in fillimage view method p  precode        try              ifBitmapDrawableimageView.getDrawablenull             BitmapDrawableimageView.getDrawable.getBitmap.recycle                imageView.setImageBitmapBitmapFactory.decodeStreamnew FileInputStreampath          catch FileNotFoundException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace          codepre  pIts working smoothly for now except once it gave following error img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQlg5Z.png altenter image description here I really want to go to the root of this matter now. Kindly provide any guidance. I am quite sorry for so many edits but I wanted to keep informing about any further progress.p
Negative 10594 pCSS beginner here, Im at my wits end with a relatively simple css layout and was hoping someone would just look over it for me..p  pWhat ive got img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLRg8m.png altenter image description herep  pCSS embedded temporarily, excuse the indenting ive just come from programming and indenting was helping me make sense of itp  precodeltDOCTYPE HTMLgt lthtml langengt  ltstylegt   margin 0 padding0 body      font normal 100 Helvetica, Arial, sansserif     backgroundcolor LightSkyBlue     margin auto auto     maxwidth 90    centralcontainer      backgroundcolor Yellow     width 100     margin auto auto     float left  leftsidecontainer      backgroundcolor Ivory     float left     width 66      clear left      headercontainer          backgroundcolor DeepSkyBlue     width 100     height 15em              headertitle                      backgroundcolor Lime             width 100             height 80                      headertitle h1 padding 0 margin 0           navbarcontainer                      backgroundcolor Coral             width 100             height 20                      .navbarlinks backgroundcolor HotPink           currentpagecontent                      backgroundcolor grey             width 100             height 20           rightsidecontainer      backgroundcolor Khaki     float right     width 33 lt 320 960 gt      registercontainer              backgroundcolor LightPink         width 100          contactscontent              backgroundcolor SeaGreen         width 100       ltstylegt   ltheadgt     lttitlegtVerge Green ITlttitlegt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefCSSbase.css typetextcss gt ltheadgt   ltbodygt ltdiv idcentralcontainergt       ltLeftside Currentpage Contentgt     ltdiv idleftsidecontainergt          ltHeadergt         ltdiv idheadercontainergt              ltdiv idheadertitlegt             lth1gtheadertitlelth1gt             ltdivgt              ltNavbargt             ltdiv idnavbarcontainergt              ltdiv classnavbarlinksgt             ltdivgt             ltdivgt           ltdivgt         ltCurrent Page Contentsgt         ltdiv idcurrentpagecontentgt             ltpgt currentpagecontentltpgt             ltpgtLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.ltpgtltpgt             Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.ltpgt         ltdivgt      ltdivgt      ltRightside Everypage Contentgt     ltdiv idrightsidecontainergt         ltdiv idregistercontainergtltpgt registercontainer ltpgtltdivgt         ltdiv idcontactscontentgtltpgt contactscontentltpgtltdivgt     ltdivgt   ltdivgt ltbodygt   lthtmlgt codepre  pWhat im aiming for img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comNx5Ju.png altenter image description herep  pVague text alternative Where the registercontainer fills the rightsidecontainer up to the height of the bottom of the navbarcontainer. And the contactcontent fills up the rest of the rightsidecontainer as the currentpage content does on the leftsidecontainer. p  pI think im having some trouble because of the floating im trying to do.. and i have no idea why theres empty yellow space on the left of registercontainercontactscontent. Nor why i can specify height for things like the headertitle but not the registercontainer.p  pReally appreciate any helpp
Negative 10594 pMy project has weirdly started failing with no error messages. Ive tried cleaning the project and this had no effect. I know this is all a bit vague but i havent done anything to revert or undo. its just randomly started to happen. Can anyone suggest a way of debugging what the problem isp  pPhilp
Negative 10594 pI have a situation where I have to present alert while my app is in background. So I was thinking that the solution is Local notification.  But the problem is that, I want to show that alert only when user has crossed a particular predefined location point.p  pSo I have to show the notification without any registration for it in ForegroundOr you can say register the local notification in background.p  pIs it doable p  pPlease help.p
Negative 10594 pI have a phonegap application which will need to take a zip archive of a webpage, unzip it, and display the output.p  pI have been looking around for ways to zipunzip with phonegap and have been coming up short. Since its all Js it seems like a hrefhttpstuartk.comjszip relnofollowJsZipa might hold an answer but their a hrefhttpstuartk.comjsziptest relnofollowtest suitea has nothing on unzipping.p  pDoes anyone have any advice on how to achieve thisp  pEdit for posterity I DID ultimately get javascript unzipping working with a hrefhttpgildaslormeau.github.comzip.js relnofollowzip.jsa and a bunch of wrapper code. It worked fine but is quite processor intensive. Unzipping a 15mb zip file in chrome on a desktop took about 40 seconds. For anything where performance is a concern most things, I would recommend stepping down a level and using a component directly from iosandroid.p
Negative 10594 pI have a Wordpress managed web site at a hrefhttpwww.urbanvision.org.uk relnofollowhttpwww.urbanvision.org.uka I have built it and everything works like I want it to and Im happy with the outcome as it is my first fully built Wordpress web site.p  pIve become stuck on a request I had at the start of the week.p  pWe have a Properties for Sale page httpwww.urbanvision.org.ukservicespropertyservicespropertiesforsale the items on this page link to PDF downloads of plans and property details. However we now have a number of properties that need to be added that link not the PDF but to an external link. p  pThe problem I have is the page template relies on custom fields managed by the plugin Advanced Custom Fields, the field to upload the PDF is a file upload field which will take a PDF but not an URL to another page or site.p  pI have tried to switch the custom field to an URL rather than an upload screen but not keen on this for 2 reasons, 1 id have go back through the other properties and copy the url into the changed field and 2 it becomes a little more difficult for colleagues to update.p  pI have also tried introducing a separate a field and working out which custom field should be pulled inp  pIf PDF file exists in propertydetails pull in the URL to PDF. If URL exists in propertydetailsurl pull in URL entered.p  pThere are two parts of each post that need to link to further details PDF or external URL. They are the thumbnail image and the view details link.p  pstrongThe code I had before just linking to the PDFstrongp  precodeltphp featuredPosts  new WPQuery featuredPostsgtqueryshowposts20ampcat13 while featuredPostsgthaveposts  featuredPostsgtthepost gt  ltdiv classliteraturedescriptiongt lta hrefltphp thefieldpropertydetails gt titleltphp thefieldpropertytitle gtgt ltimg srcltphp thefieldpropertythumbnail gt width220px height150px altltphp thefieldpropertytitle gt gtltagt ltpgtltstronggtltphp thefieldpropertytitle gtltstronggtltbr gtltphp thefieldpropertyexcerpt gt ltspan stylecolorredfontweightboldgtltphp thefieldpropertystatus gtltspangt  ltbr gtlta hrefltphp thefieldpropertydetails gt targetblank titleltphp thefieldpropertytitle gtgtampgt ampgt View Detailsltagtltpgtltbr gt codepre  pstrongThe Code I have changed it to still cant get it to workstrongp  precode    ltphp featuredPosts  new WPQuery  featuredPostsgtqueryshowposts20ampcat12 while featuredPostsgthaveposts  featuredPostsgtthepost gt  ltdiv classliteraturedescriptiongt lta hrefltphp thefieldpropertydetails gt titleltphp thefieldpropertytitle gtgt ltimg srcltphp thefieldpropertythumbnail gt width220px height150px altltphp thefieldpropertytitle gt gtltagt ltpgtltstronggtltphp thefieldpropertytitle gtltstronggtltbr gtltphp thefieldpropertyexcerpt gt ltspan stylecolorredfontweightboldgtltphp thefieldpropertystatus gtltspangt   ltphp ifgetfieldpropertydetailsurl gt  ltbr gtlta hrefltphp thefieldpropertydetailsurl gt targetblank titleltphp thefieldpropertytitle gtgtampgt ampgt View Detailsltagtltpgtltbr gt  ltphp  else  gt  ltbr gtlta hrefltphp thefieldpropertydetails gt targetblank titleltphp thefieldpropertytitle gtgtampgt ampgt View Detailsltagtltpgtltbr gt  ltphp  gt codepre  pI also had a look at pulling directly from the MySQL database that Wordpress is using but really struggled to get the page to display without error.p  pAs always, any help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to make a button for my form which has an image background and displays the text on top of the background. Seems very simple but Im struggling to get the text to appear no matter what I try and struggling after an hour of searching to find someone with a similar problem so assume Im doing something stupid.p  pHeres my CSSp  precodedetailleft .cartbutton      background  url..graphicscartbutton.png     border  none     color  transparent     height 48px     width 118px     padding 10px     lineheight 48px  codepre  pand my htmlp  precodeltinput classcartbutton typesubmit valueAdd gt codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a array in php file say p  precodeltphp authcode  arrayauthgtjshkjashdkjgt codepre  pNow I want to access this array in a JS file, then how can I do itp  pAs in .js file codeltphp echo jsonencodeauthcode gtcode wont work.p  blockquote   pstrongUDPATEDstrongp blockquote  pMy custom.js file contains below code,where I have to use authcode in urlp  precoderemoveimage.clickfunction                 .ajax                         urldeletefile.phpfilenamefilename.valampmakemake.valampmodelmodel.val,                         cache false,                         async false,             dataType json,               success functiondata                window.locationuploadauthcode97A434B1E250490D8CF14B664AB42EEDampmakedata.makeampmodeldata.modelampimagenamedata.filename                           ,             error functiondata                  alertService is down                                 codepre  pPlease notice the authcode usage, thats the place I need to use my authcode arrayp  pPlease guide me.p
Negative 10594 pSorry for confusing title, but i did not know what to call this...p  pSo in python Im reading a binary file via an addon intelhex.p  pThis gets me the values for each byte loopin through itp  precodefor x in rangestartaddr,endaddr     print ih[x] codepre  pgivesp  precode1 79 60 246 codepre  pwhich is the same asp  precode01 4F 3C F6 codepre  pI want the decimal value of code014F3CF6  21970166codep  pIs the best approach to just convert the decimals to hex and then concatenate the hex values and the convert to decimal again Best being most understandablepythonic andor most efficientp  pEDIT To clarify what i wantp  pI want to convert [1,79,60,246] to 21970166 p  psince the list is the same as code[01,4F,3C,F6] which is 014F3CF6 which is 21970166codep
Negative 10594 pI have windows7 operating system and cygwin for linux simulator. i install one program called Shawn for network simulator in cygwin with hard effort. now when i change .cpp file in windows and run .shawn in cygwin, the output does not change. can anyone help mep
Negative 10594 pIf I have two DataGridView items in a C Win Forms application, and they have the same column set at all times, how can I ensure they are always sorted the same wayp  pI can get a notification when one grid or the other sorts, but if I try to use that notification to sort the other grid in the same way I get a stack overflow for obvious reasons.p  pIm sure I can get around the stack overflow problem with some ugly hacks, but I figure there must be a normal way to do this.  I cant be the first one with the need to keep two DataGridViews in sync when the users sorting them.p
Negative 10594 pI found the following info, but didnt find where to go to access it. Didnt find it in account settings. Is there a repo settings page Do you have to be the repo ownerp  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comblog421pickyourdefaultbranch relnofollowhttpsgithub.comblog421pickyourdefaultbranchap  pHow to set the default branch on stronggithub.comstrong when I go to browse commits.p
Negative 10594 pcodeboostbindcode overloads several operators for its placeholdersp  blockquote   pFor convenience, the function objects produced by codebindcode overload the logical not operator codecode and the relational and logical operators codecode, codecode, codeltcode, codeltcode, codegtcode, codegtcode, codeampampcode, codecode.p blockquote  pFor example, this allows me to pass code1  desiredvaluecode as a predicate to STL algorithms.p  pUnfortunately, codestdbindcode does not seem to overload these operators p  ol lipWhy is thatpli lipWhat is a good workaround to simulate code1  desiredvaluecode with codestdbindcodepli ol
Negative 10594 pI have included this RSS feed a hrefhttpveronicalercari.blogspot.comfeedspostsdefault relnofollowhttpveronicalercari.blogspot.comfeedspostsdefaultap  pin this page a hrefhttpverler.comblog.html relnofollowhttpverler.comblog.htmla using the zRSSfeed plugin.p  pThe issue is it isnt bringing the latest posts. The last one it shows is from 2 months ago.p
Negative 10594 pSimply put, I want to be able to get the event of a mouseclick specifically MiddleButton when a user clicks the button  not after its been released.p  pI think Ive done it once before, but Ive forgotten.p  pThis is to be able to navigate a 3D view when the user clicks the button, in an XNA project.p  pAre there any similiar ways to register HotKeys but for the Mousep
Negative 10594 pI have this examplep  precodeFactoryGirl.define do   site  FactoryGirl.createmysite   factory user do     email                FakerInternet.email      firstname           FakerName.firstname      lastname            FakerName.lastname      password             TarXlrOPfaokNOzls2U8      activedirectory     0      companies            [FactoryGirl.createcompany, site site]      sites                [site]    end end codepre  pIs there a way to achieve this with a let or something...p  precodeFactoryGirl.define do   factory user do     email                FakerInternet.email      firstname           FakerName.firstname      lastname            FakerName.lastname      password             TarXlrOPfaokNOzls2U8      activedirectory     0      companies            [FactoryGirl.createcompany, site FactoryGirl.createmysite]      sites                [FactoryGirl.createmysite]     end end codepre  pThis works but it creates two mysite which is a Site object but I need them to be the same...any idea on how to achieve thisp
Negative 10594 pI want to match a string strongcontaining only numbers with either exactly 7 digits or exactly 9 digitsstrong.p  precoded7d9 codepre  pIs there another way to write this, similar to coded7,8code for 7 or 8 digitsp
Negative 10594 pI have a jEdit BeanShell macro that runs my Markdown files through Maruku when I save themp  precodeif buffer.getMode.toString.equalsmarkdown    cmd  CRubybinmaruku.bat o   buffer.getDirectory  buffer.getName.replaceAllmarkdown, html     buffer.getPath    execcmd  codepre  pThis works great when the Markdown file is valid. But if Ive made a mistake, jEdit just waits around forever for the codeexeccode call to succeed, which it never will. When this happens, I have to kill jEdits codejavaw.execode process and run Maruku manually from the command line to discover the error, e.g.p  precodeEdocsgtmaruku mydoc.markdown     Maruku tells you   Could not find refid  17 for mdlink[17],17  Available refs are []  CRubylibrubygems1.8gemsmaruku0.6.0libmarukuerrorsmanagement.rb49in marukuerror CRubylibrubygems1.8gemsmaruku0.6.0libmarukuoutputtohtml.rb716in tohtmllink CRubylibrubygems1.8gemsmaruku0.6.0libmarukuoutputtohtml.rb970in send CRubylibrubygems1.8gemsmaruku0.6.0libmarukuoutputtohtml.rb970in arraytohtml CRubylibrubygems1.8gemsmaruku0.6.0libmarukuoutputtohtml.rb961in each  Not creating a link for refid  17. codepre  pThen I restart jEdit, fix the error, and resave the file, at which point the macro succeeds.p  pstrongHow can I make my macro more resilient to either die helpfully display Marukus error output or, at the very least, die silently so I dont have to kill jEditstrongp
Negative 10594 pI have configured Database Mail for SQLServer 2008, I can send emails via our SMTP server, which use Exchange. The problem is that I want to store the sent messages in the Sent Items folder of the corresponding user, but the system is not doing that.p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI tried to search for some plugins to import Excel file into MySQL database, one of them is a hrefhttpcode.google.compphpexcelreader relnofollowhttpcode.google.compphpexcelreaderap  pThe tool is so powerful that it displays the entire excel content into html.p  pHowever, I think I just need to read the Excel file and extract the contents, for example, into an array, and then write a SQL statement for entering into the database.p  pWould there be any good codes and packages Thanksp
Negative 10594 pIm experienced on the .Net platform, but I have never had to use Windows Workflows.p  pIm at the point that I now need to know something about it, and im trying to wrap a workflow into a simple web service SOAP.  Is this possiblep  pI cant find any good examples or articles on the web about this.  Im also not really sure how it works if you need to have a long running workflow that needs to be suspended for a while, as in a a couple of days.p  pWere using the latest .Net 4.0 framework..p
Negative 10594 pI am developing an online tool which edits images but I have a problem.  In copy specific region of bitmap to another bitmap.  What is the problem, can anyone help me outp  precodefunction enablepasteeventMouseEvent    tempShape.graphics.clear mvtemp.graphics.clear var rect  new RectangletempstartX,tempstartY,endX,endY var pnt new PointtempstartX,tempstartY  tempBMPdatanew BitmapDatarect.width,rect.height,false,0  tempBMPdata.copyPixelsstageBMP.bitmapData,rect,pnt , null, null, true      tempBMPdata is destinagtion bitmap data object  tempBMP new BitmaptempBMPdata   mvtemp.addChildtempBMP    Pastebutton.visibletrue  codepre  pThe problem that I am facing is that it shows only rectangle without copying graphics.p
Negative 10594 pI have to strongprovide client side localizationstrong Support German and Spanish language using Dojo to agent.js file present in recordings folder, but I couldnt able to get the object.p  pLocalization is working fine when dojo folder and recording folder present in same folder but I cant move dojo folder to Data folder.p  pFolder Layout [as I cant post images]p  precode   Javascript       Adventure          Data             recordings                nls                  de                    agent.js                  es                    agent.js                  agent.js               agent.js   dojo codepre
Negative 10594 pAt the moment our team is working with a custom eclipse Formatter configuration. Is there a way to import the generated xml file into Checkstyle to have both on the same rulesetp
Negative 10594 pInformix 11.70.TC5DE Windows Vista 32bitp  pI configured an instance for DSS queries with 512MB memory and 300MB disk space. Why did oninit automatically change my nonparallel querys memory to only 94464kb, when I specified that only one user would be submitting DSS queriesp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com9MdDb.png altenter image description here    p
Negative 10594 pI wonder how to make knockout binding work for dynamically added nested objects. The following sample demostrates what I mean, it does not show inner value as I click Init inner buttonp  precodeltdiv databindwith InnerObjgt     ltdiv databindtext Prgtltdivgt ltdivgt  ltbutton databindclick initInnergtInit innerltbuttongt  ltscript typetextjavascript languagejavascriptgt var obj       InnerObj null,    initInner function             this.InnerObj   Pr inner value         function               ko.applyBindingsko.mapping.fromJSobj       ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 10594 pIm new to both django and python and currently trying to build a form with various options as well as an other option for options not on the list.  Id like to define the option such that when other is checked, the form only validates if the other text box contains a nonempty value.p  pstrongIs there a proper way to extend django formsfieldswidgets to accomplish thisstrong  The closest thing could find after searching google and stackoverflow is a hrefhttpdjangosnippets.orgsnippets863 relnofollowthis examplea which provides code to extend create a custom renderer, widget, and form field but it is based on an older version of django.p
Negative 10594 pI feel embarrassed asking this here, but I was wondering if anyone could help me quickly, the Microsoft documentation around this is actually quite poor.p  pMicrosoft host what appears to be a very neat framework on codeplex that helps you build MVVM WPF applications, and has samples illustrating much of the MVVM principles and the supporting code base they offer. Its called WPF Application Framework and you can download it a hrefhttpwaf.codeplex.comreleasesview91505 relnofollowherea.p  pI downloaded the framework and its samples, as well as the documentation for the sample im interested in WPF EmailClient, but Im having trouble running the sample.p  pThis is a picture of the documentationp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcLEpK.png altWPF EmailClient Documentationp  pAs you can see, it tells you to simply set the EmailClient.Presentation project as the startup project and run.p  pemstrongHoweveremstrongp  pThis project is in fact a Class Library, and cannot be set as a startup project. p  pI turned it into a Windows Application, but it needs an App.xaml file, and the whole project seems to use MEF as an IoC container and dependency injects all the views and ViewModels dependencies.p  pAll this means a lot of work for me to launch this project, and I was just wondering if any of you out there know how you are supposed to do this.p  pOh yea and Im running windows 8 and VS2012, but I really dont think that has anything to do with it. The project is targeting .Net 4 anywayp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to compile a cython interface to a C library using this tutorial a hrefhttpdocs.cython.orgsrctutorialclibraries.html relnofollowUsing C libraries with Cythona but when I go for it withp  precodepython2 setup.py buildext i codepre  pThe linker fails to find the library the library name is codelibHorde3Dcodep  precodegcc pthread shared Wl,O1,sortcommon,asneeded,z,relro,hashstylegnu buildtemp.linuxx86642.7horde3d.o Lusrlib llibHorde3D lpython2.7 o homekirilworkspacehorde3dpythoncythonhorde3d.so usrbinld cannot find llibHorde3D codepre  pThat is very peculiar as libHorde3D.so is present in my usrlib and in my optlib, the search path for the linker is configured in etcld.conf to look into these directories and I tried setting the search path with the following variables LDLIBRARYPATH, LIBRARYPATH, LDFLAGS, as well as by passing it straightp  precodepython2 setup.py buildext i Loptlib codepre  pI did an codeldconfig vcode and the library is listedp  precodeusrlib     libHorde3D.so gt libHorde3D.so optlib     libHorde3D.so gt libHorde3D.so codepre  pFor good measure I tried to change the owner to root, still nothing.p  pWhat is going on here Especially since i am able to link the library if the linker is called from CodeBlockswhen working on some supplementary C code. p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pCurrently I have included the following JAR files to playback selenium recordings using JAVA.p  ol lijunit4.10.jar li liseleniumjava2.24.1.jarli liseleniumserverstandalone2.24.1.jarli ol  pAlso I have imported these packagesp  precodeimport com.thoughtworks.selenium.Selenium import java.util.NoSuchElementException import java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit  import org.junit.After import static org.junit.Assert.fail import org.junit.Before import org.junit.Test  import org.openqa.selenium.Alert import org.openqa.selenium.By import org.openqa.selenium.NoAlertPresentException import org.openqa.selenium.WebDriver import org.openqa.selenium.WebElement import org.openqa.selenium.firefox.FirefoxDriver import org.openqa.selenium.htmlunit.HtmlUnitDriver import org.openqa.selenium.support.ui.Select codepre  pBut with just these, I am not able to access selenium class functions like getAlert or getConfirmation.p  pSo are there any library files or JAR files that I have missed out onp
Negative 10594 pI recently updated my ADT to v20 and Im having problems creating new projects now. I have installed the platform SDKs for API levels 8, 10 and 15, but when I try to create a project based on 2.3.3 and with minimum 2.2 SDK Eclipse saysp  blockquote   pThis template depends on the Android Support library, which is either   not installed, or template depends on a more recent version than the   one you have installedp blockquote  pI had no problems with these SDKs when I was using an older version of ADT, but now it seems to be causing problems. Im using Eclipse Indigo 2 on Ubuntu with ADT 20. I cant download resources from the SDK Manager because theyre not available in my country, so I have to install components manually.p  pAny Suggestionsp
Negative 10594 pWorking toward making a small command line script in Ruby, where the  user provides a few pieces of information related to restaurants, and computed info gets returned.p  pCurrently I have the following codep  precodeclass Restaurant  attraccessor name type avgprice  def initializename, type, avgprice    name  name    type  type    avgprice  price  end  end codepre  h2Question 1h2  pIf we used codeattraccessorscode method to declare codetypecode, and codepricecode, and codenamecode Why is the Initialize method necessary Is this because we need to set the inputed values to itp  h2Question 2h2  pIn the code their is a subclass called codeRestaurantListcode followed by codelt Arraycode, What is the function of this  p  pThe Array class is not defined in the code Is it a built in class in ruby called codeArraycode  If so, what exactly does it dop
Negative 10594 precodestring[] directories  textBox5.Text.Splitnew Char[]  n , StringSplitOptions.RemoveEmptyEntries FileSystemWatcher[] fileSysWatchers  new FileSystemWatcher[directories.Length] for int i  0 i lt directories.Length i                      directories[i]  directories[i].Replacen,              directories[i]  directories[i].Replacer,              fileSysWatchers[i].Path  directories[i]             if checkBox8.Checked                              fileSysWatchers[i].Created  new FileSystemEventHandlerForm1Created                           codepre  pIm getting strongNullReferenceExceptionstrong in the next line  p  precodefileSysWatchers[i].Path  directories[i] codepre  pIve checked strongdirectories[0]strong and found that it has no strong.Pathstrong but I dont understand why, it has to.br Basically, I want to create a specific FileSystemWatcher for each directory in some list and handle all their strongCreatedstrong events using only one EventHandler. If there is some way to watch over multiple directories using only one FileSystemWatcher, I want to know that.br Sorry for my English if its not perfect.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to add an Ant script to my companys project to run the jUnit tests. Here is what I havep  precodelttarget nameunittestsgt     ltjunitgt         ltclasspathgt             ltpathelement locationproject.libext.dirjunit4.1.jargt         ltclasspathgt         ltbatchtestgt             ltfileset dirproject.srctest.dirmycompany. gt         ltbatchtestgt     ltjunitgt lttargetgt codepre  pThe script is grabbing my jUnit tests correctly, but its saying there are errors. But all the output will say is things likep  precode[junit] Test package.MyTest FAILED codepre  pI want to know why it failed. I have tried adding a bunch of the attributes to the codejunitcode tag codeprintsummarycode, codeshowoutputcode, etc, but cant seem to find the right combination. The best I have managed to get isp  precode[junit] Running package.MyTest [junit] Tests run 1, Failures 0, Errors 1, Time elapsed 0 sec codepre  pI really need the  full stack trace, etc as the test runs fine when I Run As  Junit Test via Eclipse.p  pAnyone know how to make the stack trace print p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to make a multilanguage ASP.NET web Application. At the beginning of the Application Im setting up cookies and after that Im calling InitializeCulture to initiate the culture. The data for the page is stored in global resources and gets written in the aspx file like this codelt ResourcesMain,lang gtcode p  pIt is actually working but there is still a problem After a click on a languagechange button the coockie and the culture changes but not the content of the page. I always have to reload the whole page to get the content of the right codeglobal.resxcode.p  pIn PageLoad im calling thisp  precode            setLanguageCookie lt TO SET A COOKIE IF NULL             InitializeCulture codepre  pInitializeCulture looks like thisp  precode        string sprache  enUS          if Request.Cookies[sprache]  null                       sprache  Request.Cookies[sprache].Value                   Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentCulture            CultureInfo.GetCultureInfosprache          Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentUICulture            CultureInfo.GetCultureInfosprache codepre  pThere are 3 Language buttons. Their code behind look like thisp  precodeprotected void langenClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      Request.Cookies[sprache]  enUS             Session[Language]  en          codepre  pCan someone give me a hint where I am mistaking O is there even a better way to do thatp
Negative 10594 pI am running Mac OS X 10.6.8 and am using the Enthought Python Distribution. I want for numpy functions to take advantage of both my cores. I am having a problem similar to that of this post a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5260068multithreadedblasinpythonnumpymultithreaded blas in pythonnumpya but after following through the steps of that poster, I still have the same problem. Here is my numpy.showconfigp  precodelapackoptinfo     libraries  [mkllapack95lp64, mklintellp64, mklintelthread, mklcore, mklmc, mklmc3, pthread]     librarydirs  [LibraryFrameworksEPD64.frameworkVersions1.4.2lib]     definemacros  [SCIPYMKLH, None]     includedirs  [LibraryFrameworksEPD64.frameworkVersions1.4.2include] blasoptinfo     libraries  [mklintellp64, mklintelthread, mklcore, mklmc, mklmc3, pthread]     librarydirs  [LibraryFrameworksEPD64.frameworkVersions1.4.2lib]     definemacros  [SCIPYMKLH, None]     includedirs  [LibraryFrameworksEPD64.frameworkVersions1.4.2include] lapackmklinfo     libraries  [mkllapack95lp64, mklintellp64, mklintelthread, mklcore, mklmc, mklmc3, pthread]     librarydirs  [LibraryFrameworksEPD64.frameworkVersions1.4.2lib]     definemacros  [SCIPYMKLH, None]     includedirs  [LibraryFrameworksEPD64.frameworkVersions1.4.2include] blasmklinfo     libraries  [mklintellp64, mklintelthread, mklcore, mklmc, mklmc3, pthread]     librarydirs  [LibraryFrameworksEPD64.frameworkVersions1.4.2lib]     definemacros  [SCIPYMKLH, None]     includedirs  [LibraryFrameworksEPD64.frameworkVersions1.4.2include] mklinfo     libraries  [mklintellp64, mklintelthread, mklcore, mklmc, mklmc3, pthread]     librarydirs  [LibraryFrameworksEPD64.frameworkVersions1.4.2lib]     definemacros  [SCIPYMKLH, None]     includedirs  [LibraryFrameworksEPD64.frameworkVersions1.4.2include] codepre  pAs in the original posts comments, I deleted the line that set the variable codeMKLNUMTHREADS1code. But even then the numpy and scipy functions that should take advantage of multithreading are only using one of my cores at a time. Is there something else I should changep  pEdit To clarify, I am trying to get one single calculation such as numpy.dot to use multithreading on its own as per the MKL implementation, I am not trying to take advantage of the fact that numpy calculations release control of the GIL, hence making multithreading with other functions easier.p  pHere is a small script that should make use of multithreading but does not on my machinep  precodeimport numpy as np  a  np.random.randn1000, 10000 b  np.random.randn10000, 1000  np.dota, b this line should be multithreaded codepre
Negative 10594 pI tried to add some codeGeoPointscode on my map but Ive problems with some special points.p  pThe range of the latitude value is 90 to 90 and therefore I want to add a point like the this...p  precodeint latitude 85000000 int longitude  45000000 GeoPoint point  new GeoPointlatitude, longitude codepre  p...and after this I double check the latitude value withp  precodepoint.getLongitudeE6 codepre  pI always get a maximum value of 80000000 back. Can someone explain why google set this limit for a codeGeoPointcode and what the reason for this limitation isp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI have the codegem jqueryrailscode installed via Gemfile and I have the following in application.js filep  precode require jquery  require jqueryujs  requiretree . codepre  pand Im trying to integrate the following code into Rails 3p  precodeltscriptgt     function           datepicker .datepicker          ltscriptgt    ltdiv classdemogt  ltpgtDate ltinput typetext iddatepickergtltpgt  ltdivgtlt End demo gt codepre  pI should be able to just copy it into my view ERB and it should work correctp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to sort a mutableArray of NSDictionaries, currently I can do this by sorting with one objectForKey value, but the problem with this is that alot of these values can be the same so I need to have the other objectForKey to sort the array. I was wondering how, if the first objectForKey comparison returns an identical value, how I could then move onto a second objectForKey comparison and so on and so forth..p  pCurrently I am doing this, which works.. but obviously only on the one key.p  precode[dataArrayOfDictionaries sortUsingComparator NSComparisonResultNSDictionary d1, NSDictionary d2              NSString n1  [d1 objectForKeyDESCRIPTION]         NSString n2  [d2 objectForKeyDESCRIPTION]         return [n1 localizedComparen2]      ] codepre  pIn my investigation I have tried this p  precode[dataArrayOfDictionaries sortUsingComparator NSComparisonResultNSDictionary d1, NSDictionary d2      NSString n1  [d1 objectForKeyDESCRIPTION]     NSString n2  [d2 objectForKeyDESCRIPTION]     return [n1 localizedComparen2]     n1  [d1 objectForKeyID]     n2  [d2 objectForKeyID]     return [n1 localizedComparen2]   ] codepre  pHowever this is not working as it sorts on description then completely resorted based off ID, I am wanting it if Description keys are the same to then sort those values by the ID key.. if that doesnt work then go down the list of Keys until its sorted.. I hope this makes sense.. any help would be highly appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pWhen running the SQL Server 2008  setup, I receive the following error messagep  pstrongTITLE Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Setupstrongp  hr  pstrongThe following error has occurredstrongp  pstrongUnable to open Windows Installer file Gx64setupsqlenginecoreinstmsisqlenginecoreinst.msi.strongp  pWindows Installer error message The system cannot open the device or file specified.  .p  pClick Retry to retry the failed action, or click Cancel to cancel this action and continue setup.p  p...p  pstrongPlease let me know how can i fix this is as i am unable to continue the installation process ... please helpstrongp  pRegardsp
Negative 10594 pId like to add a file to my project that has a list of gbd commands and load that into GDB within xcode at any breakpoint. Looking at GDB documentation I see the source commmand, but it is unknown within xcodes gdb. Has anyone had success doing thisp  psource f commandfile.gdbp  pThanks,p
Negative 10594 pI have a view. I would like to be able to put 13 codeUIPickerViewcodes in it. The number of codeUIPickerViewcodes is determined by the value of a variable codemyVariablecode. Each codeUIPickerViewcode is different. Some of the values for codemyVariablecode mean that there will only be one codeUIPickerViewcode in the view, but some mean that I will have to put 2 or 3 in the view, and it will be laid out vertically so one codeUIPickerViewcode is directly above the other. Right now, every case where codemyVariablecode means that it needs only 1 codeUIPickerViewcode, Im putting them in the view like thisp  precodeif myVariable  kNeedsOnlyOnePicker      myPicker  [[UIPickerView alloc] initWithFrameself.view.frame]     [myPicker setDelegateself]     [myPicker setDataSourceself]     myPicker.showsSelectionIndicator  YES     [self.view addSubviewmyPicker]  codepre  pHowever, Im just not sure how to tell the code something like thisp  precodeif myVariable  kNeedsTwoPickers        put myPicker and myOtherPicker in self.view,        and put myPicker above myOtherPicker.  codepre  pI have a hunch I wont be able to use the .xib to do something like this, because I wont be able to set up different layouts e.g. picker 1 above picker 2, picker 2 above picker 3, only picker 3. p  pTLDR how do I programmatically say, this subview will go above this other subview or this picker will go above this other picker p  pSpecific methodsexamples andor general ideas would be great.p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pMy code worked fine until I added the WillCascadeOnDeletetrue.p  pException InvalidOperationException  The database creation succeeded, but the creation of the database objects did not. See inner exception for more details.p  pInner Exception System.Data.SqlServerCe.SqlCeException  The referential relationship will result in a cyclical reference that is not allowed. [ Constraint name  UserAdministratorOfTarget ]p  pMinimal reproduction In a new MVC3 Web app projectp  precodeusing System.Collections.Generic using System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations using System.Data.Entity  public class User      [Key]     public string UserName  get set      public virtual ICollectionltDocumentgt Documents  get set      public virtual ICollectionltDocumentgt AdministratorOf  get set    public class Document      public int Id  get set      public User Owner  get set      public ICollectionltUsergt Administrators get set    public class EntityMappingContext  DbContext      public DbSetltUsergt Users  get set      public DbSetltDocumentgt Documents  get set       protected override void OnModelCreatingDbModelBuilder modelBuilder              modelBuilder.EntityltUsergt             .HasManyx gt x.AdministratorOf             .WithManyx gt x.Administrators             .Mapx gt                              x.MapLeftKeyUserName                 x.MapRightKeyDocument                 x.ToTableDocumentAdministrators                      modelBuilder.EntityltDocumentgt             .HasRequiredx gt x.Owner             .WithManyx gt x.Documents             .WillCascadeOnDeletetrue         base.OnModelCreatingmodelBuilder        codepre  pAlso have to add the SQL connection string to web.config under connectionStrings of coursep  precodeltadd nameEntityMappingContext connectionStringData SourceDataDirectoryError.sdf providerNameSystem.Data.SqlServerCe.4.0gt codepre  pHow does enabling cascade on delete create a cyclic relationship when the onetomany relationship already existed Is it saying that theres a cycle in the cascading delete How, when the only cascade Ive specified is User  Document How do I fix it Thanksp
Negative 10594 pi am  new in zend framework p  pi create a form  in one  controller and  validate this form  in other controller . then if form data is not valid then it return  back to previous  controller  but  form validation error  does not show in this page . p  phere is  my form  controller action code  p  precodepublic  function  addAction      form  new ApplicationFormUser     formgtsetAttribenctype, multipartformdata     formgtSubmitgtsetLabelAdd     formgtsubmitgtsetLabelAdd     thisgtviewgtform  form    codepre  pcontroller and action  code   that validate  above form  datap  precode  public  function uploadimageAction       form  new ApplicationFormUser          ifthisgtgetRequestgtisPost              formdata  thisgtgetRequestgtgetPost             ifformgtisvalidformdata                  originalFilename  pathinfoformgtImageProfilegtgetFileName                 newFilename  file . uniqid . . . originalFilename[extension]                 formgtImageProfilegtaddFilterRename, newFilename                    ifformgtImageProfilegtreceive                      Fname  formgtgetValueFname                     Lname  formgtgetValueLname                     age  formgtgetValueage                     gender  formgtgetValuegender                     company  formgtgetValuecompany                     married  formgtgetValuemarried                     country  formgtgetValuecountry                       get upload  file name                      location  formgtImageProfilegtgetFileName                     filename  basenamelocation                     ImageProfile  filename                       users  new ApplicationModelDbTableUsers                     usersgtAddUserFname, Lname, age, gender, company, married,country,ImageProfile                     thisgthelpergtflashMessengergtaddMessageItem insert in database successful                     thisgthelpergtredirectorindex                      thisgtviewgterrorMessage  form and data are uploaded                     thisgtviewgtimg ImageProfile                    else                     print Error receiving the file                                 else                               formgtpopulateformdata                 echo  thisgthelpergtredirectoradd,user                                     codepre  pif we inter invalid data in form field  it return back to my previous form controlleraction but  does not show validation  error in this page.p  pwhere i  am doing wrongp  pmy view file is p  precodeltphp  thisgttitle  Add new user   thisgtheadTitlethisgttitle   echo thisgtform  gt codepre  pand  form create class  code  is p  precodeltphp  class ApplicationFormUser extends ZendForm       public  function  init          thisgtsetNameUser         thisgtsetControlleruser         thisgtsetActionthisgtgetViewgturlarraycontroller gt user, action gt uploadimage, default, TRUE            id  New ZendFormElementHiddenid         idgtaddFilterInt          validateInt  new ZendValidateInt            fname  New ZendFormElementTextFname         fnamegtsetLabelFirst Name               gtsetRequiredtrue               gtaddFilterStripTags               gtaddFilterStringTrim               gtaddValidatorNotEmpty        lname  New ZendFormElementTextLname       lnamegtsetLabelLast Name               gtsetRequiredtrue               gtaddFilterStripTags               gtaddFilterStringTrim               gtaddValidatorNotEmpty                 age  New ZendFormElementTextage       agegtsetLabelAge           gtsetRequiredtrue           gtaddFilterStripTags           gtaddFilterStringTrim           gtaddValidatorNotEmpty           gtaddValidatorvalidateInt       gender  new ZendFormElementRadiogender       gendergtsetLabelGender             gtaddMultiOptionsarray              male gt Male,              female gt Female                    company  new  ZendFormElementTextcompany      companygtsetLabelCompany name              gtsetRequiredtrue              gtaddFilterStripTags              gtaddFilterStringTrim              gtaddValidatorNotEmpty               marriedStaus  thisgtcreateElementradio,married       marriedStausgtsetLabelmarried Staus                    gtaddMultiOptionsarray                     married gt Married,                     unmarried gt Unmarried                             country  thisgtcreateElementselect, country       countrygtsetLabelCountry                gtAddMultiOptionsarray                US gt United States,                UK gt United Kingdom,                IN gt India                      imageFile  new  ZendFormElementFileImageProfile      imageFilegtsetLabelUpload Image                gtsetRequiredtrue                gtsetDestinationPUBLICPATH .upload                gtaddValidatorCount,false,1                gtaddValidatorSize,false,202400                gtaddValidatorExtension,false,jpeg,jpg,png,gif        submit  New ZendFormElementSubmitsubmit        submitgtsetAttribid,Submitbutton       thisgtaddElementsarrayid,fname,lname,age,gender, company, marriedStaus,country,imageFile,submit              gt codepre  pif i validate our form data  on same controlleraction then  validation error show  on view  page. p  pplease help me p  pand sorry for my bad English .p
Negative 10594 pI have a field that might contain HTML code as a user input. If I use simple highlighter, it does not escape the input before adding the codeltemgtcode tag. E.g. if the input isp  precodeThis is a ltcaptiongt codepre  pand I search for caption, I getp  precodeThis is a ltltemgtcaptionltemgtgt codepre  pBut I want to getp  precodeThis is a ampltltemgtcaptionltemgtampgt codepre  pWhich will look the same as the input with the matched word highlighted, when rendered as HTML.p
Negative 10594 pThis is my c code to retrieve html data with cgi. p  precodechar fileContentLength int nContentLength fileContentLength  getenvCONTENTLENGTH  iffileContentLength  NULL        return 1        nContentLength  atoifileContentLength     ifnContentLength  0      return 1  data  char mallocnContentLength1  ifdata  NULL         return 1  memsetdata, 0, nContentLength1   iffreaddata, 1, nContentLength, stdin  0       return 1  ifferrorstdin codepre  pAfter executing this code, i got the below result to the variable data.p  blockquote   pf0fname0ampl0lname0ampf1fname1ampl1lname1ampf2fname2ampl2lname2ampf3ampl3p blockquote  pHere f0,l0,f1,l1 are name of the input box of the HTML page. From this string i need to separate the values like fname0, lname0,fname1,lname1 and so on. I used sscanf function. but i could not retrieve the correct result. How can i assign the values from the above string to a local variable called firstname and lastname.p
Negative 10594 pIve got two textboxes codeNewPasswordcode and codeConfirmedPasswordcode with codeTextModePasswordcode and Compare Validator doesnt detect if they arent equal. codePage.IsValidcode is always true. If I remove password mode from my textboxes, everything works and validator show message, that they arent equal. How can I make this work in password modep
Negative 10594 pIm trying to find the best algorithmic solution to the following problem. Its a realworld problem, but Im going to present it in an abstract manner.p  pThere is a community of 1000 people. Each user is provided with a set number of tickets. There are four types of tickets each one corresponds to a different event. However, some people are willing to make trades for example, I want one Aticket and am willing to give up two Btickets. Moreover, some people have extra tickets that they are willing to give away for nothing for example, Ill give away two Ctickets to whoever wants them. Assuming that I know what each person is willing to give away  trade, how do I satisfy the most number of peoplep  pI tried Googling, but I dont know how to word this problem to avoid getting results related to algorithmic trading of financial instruments.p  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pIf GridView is bound to a SqlDataScource control, which has a select statement, GridView will produce an error if that select statement is later changed programmatically to select a different set of columns, the error is  p  blockquote   pSystem.Data.DataRowView does not contain a property with the name [An Expected Column Name]p blockquote  pHow could one execute different select statements from time to time that return different columns and display their results in a GridView p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to integrate an old ReportViewer Webform into my current MVC3 project.  I would like it to be available at codehttpltservergtReportsViewReport.aspxcode.  At first I created a folder in the root of my project titled codeReportscode, dumped the page in there, and it worked just fine.p  pHowever, I now have an Area also called codeReportscode, and I had to get rid of the folder in order for the default routing to work correctly.p  pHow can I configure my routing so that the Webform URL appears to be coming from codeReportscode even if its physically elsewhere in my projectp
Negative 10594 pI have jailbroken device using Absinthe, 2 days back I removed the jailbreak. Now I am not able to connect my iPhone 4 to iTunes. It says codeiTunes could not connect to the iPhone because an invalid response was received from the devicecode.br I have tried it on another system and also changed the cable. Problem is as it is. Anybody please help me Now I am not able to sync it.. p
Negative 10594 pMe and my friend tried to write this intent camera apps to take a picture, save it into a folder, display it on imageView and create a hash value for the picture. The problem here is it works fine for the first time of taking picture but when we tried to continue taking picture for the second time an error occur. Please help me see if theres any problem that we missed in the code.p  pHere are the codesp  precodepublic class CameraApp extends Activity   private static final int IMAGECAPTURE  0  private ImageButton startBtn private ImageButton gallery private Uri imageUri private ImageView imageView SimpleDateFormat formatter  new SimpleDateFormatyyyyMMddHHmmss Date now  new Date String fileName  formatter.formatnow final Context context  this   Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitycameraapp     imageView  ImageViewfindViewByIdR.id.img     startBtn  ImageButton findViewByIdR.id.startBtn     gallery  ImageButtonfindViewByIdR.id.gallery      startBtn.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener          public void onClickView v              startCamera                    gallery.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener          public void onClickView v              Intent i  new IntentIntent.ACTIONGETCONTENT             i.setDataAndTypeUri.fromFilenew  FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectory,cameraapp,image             startActivityi                 public void startCamera      File photo  null     File folder new FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectory,cameraapp     Intent intent  new Intentandroid.media.action.IMAGECAPTURE       iffolder.exists     if android.os.Environment.getExternalStorageState.equals android.os.Environment.MEDIAMOUNTED          photo  new Fileandroid.os.Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory, cameraappDF  fileName  PIC.jpg                 else         folder.mkdirs         photo  new Fileandroid.os.Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory, cameraappDF  fileName  PIC.jpg          else          photo  new FilegetCacheDir, cameraappFILENAME.jpg               if photo  null           intent.putExtraMediaStore.EXTRAOUTPUT, Uri.fromFilephoto         imageUri  Uri.fromFilephoto         startActivityForResultintent, IMAGECAPTURE         protected void onActivityResultint requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data      if requestCode  IMAGECAPTURE          if resultCode  RESULTOK             try                  Uri selectedImage  imageUri                  ContentResolver cr  getContentResolver                 InputStream inputStream  cr.openInputStreamimageUri                 Bitmap bitmap                try                 InputStream inputStream  cr.openInputStreamimageUri                bitmap  android.provider.MediaStore.Images.Media.getBitmapcr, selectedImage                 imageView.setImageBitmapbitmap                  java.security.MessageDigest md  MessageDigest.getInstanceMD5                    byte[] buffer  new byte[1024]                   int read                     do                        read  inputStream.readbuffer                       if read gt 0                         md.updatebuffer, 0, read                      while read  1                     inputStream.close                      byte[] digest  md.digest                      String hexString                       for int i  0 i lt digest.length i                        hexString  Integer.toStringdigest[i] amp 0xff                                   0x100, 16.substring1                                      final EditText input  new EditTextthis                  input.setTextDF  fileName  PIC                 new AlertDialog.Builderthis                 .setTitleRename                 .setMessageltMD5gt  hexString                 .setViewinput                  .setPositiveButtonOk, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                      public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int whichButton                            String value  input.getText.toString                         String value1  value  .jpg                         final File Fnew Fileandroid.os.Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory, cameraappDF  fileName  PIC.jpg                          File newfilenew FileF.getParent,value1                         F.renameTonewfile                                                        .setNegativeButtonCancel, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                      public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int whichButton                           Do nothing.                                                       .show               catch Exception e                  Toast.makeTextthis, Failed to load, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                 Log.eCamera, e.toString                         else              imageUri  null             imageView.setImageBitmapnull                          codepre  pp  pxml codep  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt     ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid         androidorientationvertical         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightfillparent         gt     ltImageView          androidididimg         androidlayoutwidthfillparent          androidlayoutheight350dip         androidlayoutgravitycenter         androidsrcdrawablecamera         androidscaleTypefitStartgt      ltLinearLayout          androidorientationhorizontal         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightfillparentgt      ltImageButton            androidorientationhorizontal         androidididstartBtn          androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent          androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutgravitybottom         androidbackgroundnull         androidsrcdrawableimgbuttongt      ltImageButton          androidididgallery          androidlayoutwidth430dip          androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutgravitybottom         androidbackgroundnull         androidsrcdrawablegalleryicongt      ltLinearLayoutgt     ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pmanifestp  precode    ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.CAMERA gt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGE gt     ltusesfeature androidnameandroid.hardware.camera gt       ltusesfeature androidnameandroid.hardware.camera.autofocus gt codepre  plogcaterrorp  precode    0827 055802.505 Evold556 Error opening switch name path sysclassswitchtest2 No such file or directory     0827 055802.505 Evold556 Error bootstrapping switch sysclassswitchtest2 m     0827 055802.505 Evold556 Error opening switch name path sysclassswitchtest No such file or directory     0827 055802.505 Evold556 Error bootstrapping switch sysclassswitchtest m     0827 055802.626 Eflashimage564 cant find recovery partition     0827 055816.086 EMemoryHeapBase590 error opening devpmem No such file or directory     0827 055816.086 ESurfaceFlinger590 Couldnt open syspowerwaitforfbsleep or syspowerwaitforfbwake     0827 055816.186 EGLLogger590 couldnt load ltlibhgl.sogt library Cannot find library     0827 055816.276 EGLLogger590 couldnt load ltlibhgl.sogt library Cannot find library     0827 055819.757 EBatteryService590 Could not open sysclasspowersupplyusbonline     0827 055819.757 EBatteryService590 Could not open sysclasspowersupplybatterybattvol     0827 055819.757 EBatteryService590 Could not open sysclasspowersupplybatterybatttemp     0827 055820.355 EEventHub590 could not get driver version for devinputmouse0, Not a typewriter     0827 055820.526 EEventHub590 could not get driver version for devinputmice, Not a typewriter     0827 055820.885 ESystem590 Failure starting core service     0827 055820.885 ESystem590 java.lang.SecurityException     0827 055820.885 ESystem590  at android.os.BinderProxy.transactNative Method     0827 055820.885 ESystem590  at android.os.ServiceManagerProxy.addServiceServiceManagerNative.java146     0827 055820.885 ESystem590  at android.os.ServiceManager.addServiceServiceManager.java72     0827 055820.885 ESystem590  at com.android.server.ServerThread.runSystemServer.java163     0827 055820.895 EAndroidRuntime590 Crash logging skipped, no checkin service     0827 055822.086 ELockPatternKeyguardView590 Failed to bind to GLS while checking for account     0827 055825.155 EApplicationContext590 Couldnt create directory for SharedPreferences file sharedprefswallpaperhints.xml     0827 055825.890 EActivityThread632 Failed to find provider info for android.server.checkin     0827 055826.681 EActivityThread632 Failed to find provider info for android.server.checkin     0827 055826.782 EActivityThread632 Failed to find provider info for android.server.checkin     0827 055834.680 EMediaPlayer561 Unable to to create media player     0827 055834.680 ECameraService561 Failed to load CameraService sounds.     0827 055834.710 EMediaPlayer561 Unable to to create media player     0827 055834.720 ECameraService561 Failed to load CameraService sounds.     0827 055836.660 ECamera738 getParameters pictureformatjpegpicturesize213x350previewformatyuv422sppreviewframerate15previewsize176x144     0827 055836.660 ECamera738 setParameters     0827 055837.901 ECamera738 setParameters     0827 055846.891 EMediaPlayer561 Unable to to create media player     0827 055846.891 ECameraService561 Failed to load CameraService sounds.     0827 055846.891 EMediaPlayer561 Unable to to create media player     0827 055846.891 ECameraService561 Failed to load CameraService sounds.     0827 055847.821 ECamera738 getParameters pictureformatjpegpicturesize213x350previewformatyuv422sppreviewframerate15previewsize176x144     0827 055847.840 ECamera738 setParameters     0827 055848.910 ECamera738 setParameters     0827 055910.970 EMediaPlayer561 Unable to to create media player     0827 055910.970 ECameraService561 Failed to load CameraService sounds.     0827 055911.000 EMediaPlayer561 Unable to to create media player     0827 055911.000 ECameraService561 Failed to load CameraService sounds.     0827 055911.990 ECamera738 getParameters pictureformatjpegpicturesize213x350previewformatyuv422sppreviewframerate15previewsize176x144     0827 055911.990 ECamera738 setParameters     0827 055914.530 ECamera738 setParameters      E Device disconnected codepre
Negative 10594 pI learning the Opa a hrefhttpwww.opalang.org relnofollowopalang.orga. I am trying to find out how one can determine the type of a variable. This could be e.g. a function p  precodetypeof a  in javascript, this returns the type of a codepre  pThe APIDocumentation contains a a hrefhttpdoc.opalang.orgvaluestdlib.coreOpaValuetypeof relnofollowdescriptiona of OpaValue.typeofa but I cant find out how to use it. p
Negative 10594 pI have 3 CursorLoader in my activity and I want to start progress dialog when the first loader is started and I want to dismiss dialog when the last loader is finished.p  pDoes exist standart solution to do itp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pHi Im developing a little app that app that uses codeAndroid.Media.FaceDetectorcode library, but, it is not to accurate if the person on the picture is not looking to the front. In some apps of the store, I saw that there is a face skin while you take the picture to guide you, so I would like to now how can I modify the camera layout to make my own guide lines. Any approach would be greatly appreciated. p
Negative 10594 pThe following code takes a list of an Instagram users followers and combines them into a single array so I can return them in a Express route handler. p  pThis needs to keep running until Instagram says there are no more results to page through. The function accepts a required user id, a required accesstoken, a optional cursor and a callback. p  pThe fully combined data is successfully returned and in the correct JSON format, but I cant get it back to the express handler. p  pHow can I pass this information back up to the express handlerp  precodevar outdata  [] function getFollowsid,accesstoken,cursor,callback    ifcursor ampamp cursor  1      console.logusing cursor url with cursor cursor     var url  httpsapi.instagram.comv1usersidfollowsampaccesstokenaccesstokenampclientidclientidampcursorcursor    else      console.logusing standard url     var url  httpsapi.instagram.comv1usersidfollowsampaccesstokenaccesstokenampclientidclientid      requesturl,functionerr,res,body     var json  JSON.parsebody     .eachjson.data,functionitem       outdata.pushitem          ifjson.pagination.nextcursor        getFollowsid,accesstoken,json.pagination.nextcursor,functionadata           outdata.pushadata                 ifjson.pagination.nextcursor        callbackoutdata       console.logoutdata          codepre
Negative 10594 pI have got a view with search options to filter resultsp  precodemodel GWeb.Models.FilterModel using Html.BeginForm              Html.ValidationSummarytrue         ltfieldsetgt             ltlegendgtSearch criterialtlegendgt                  Html.Telerik.ComboBox                     .NameUserName                                     .BindTonew SelectListViewBag.workerList as System.Collections.IEnumerable, Id, Desciption                 .ValueModel.UserName                  Html.Telerik.DatePicker                 .NameStartWork                 .ValueModel.StartWork                  Html.Telerik.DatePicker                 .NameEndWork                 .ValueModel.EndWork                         ltinput typesubmit valueFilter gt          ltfieldsetgt             Html.RenderPartialEmployeeList, IEnumerableltGWeb.Entities.WorkgtViewBag.employeeList codepre  pRenderPartial is a list of items that can be editp  precodelttdgt lta hrefUrl.ActionEdit, Admin, new  id  item.Id gt     ltimg srcContentedit.png altEdit titleEdit width22 height22 gt ltagt codepre  pp  pEdit view is standard scaffold generated view.  FilterModel containsp  precodepublic class FilterModel      public string UserName  get set      public DateTime StartWork  get set      public DateTime EndWork  get set      ...  codepre  pstrongThe problemstrong When I edit one of the items and go back to main view the search ciriteria are gone. How can I remember values that were set to codeFilterModelcode So that after editing or viewing item from list I could get back to the same filter options that I have set beforep  pAny help much appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to create a regular expression to replace part of a string. This is an example of the stringp  precodestring  unlnl168110aall pattern  rw2w2ddd[ans]all patternobj  re.compilepattern codepre  pThe pattern specifies 4 groups. If you do a search then the results are as followsp  precodem  patternobj.searchstring m.group0 gt unlnl168110aall m.group1 gt unlnl m.group2 gt u1681 m.group2 gt u1 m.group4 gt u0aall codepre  pSo far so good. Now I specify a replacement string as followsp  precodereplacement  r1  1000    20  r4 codepre  pand issue the following statementp  precodepatternobj.subreplacement,string codepre  pand this results inp  precodeuH00200aall codepre  pI expected thisp  precodeunlnl1000200aall codepre  pI must be doing something wrong but I dont know what. Can anybody help me outp
Negative 10594 pI have to deploy a heavily JS based project to a embedded device. Its disk size is no more than 16Mb. The problem is the size of my minified js file codeallclasses.jscode is about strong3Mbstrong.  If I compress it using codegzipcode I get a strong560kstrong file which saves about strong2.4Mstrong. Now I want to store codeallclasses.jscode as codeallclasses.js.gzcode so I can save space and it can be uncompressed by browser very well. All I have to do is handle the headers. p  pNow the question is how do I include the code.gzcode file so browser understands and decompresses Well i am aware that a code.gzcode file contains file structure information while browser accepts only raw gzipped data. In that I would like to store the raw gzipped data. Itd some sort of cachingp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to mock an method to a thirdparty library using moq. The problem is that the method Im mocking returns an object that is internal inside this framework, and thus I cannot instanciate this.p  pIn the example below both the ChangeCollection and the ItemChange is internal, and I get the error Cannot access internal constructor ChangeCollection herep  pIm having problems figuring out a good solution for this, does someone have any ideasp  precode[TestMethod] public void GetItemsForExistingEMailsshouldcallGetItemsatleastonce      ewsMock  new MockltIEwsIntegrationgt     ewsMock.Setupe gt e.GetItems.Returnsnew ChangeCollectionltItemChangegt     var emailService  new EmailServiceewsMock.Object      var items  emailService.GetItemsForExistingEMails      ewsMock.Verifye gt e.GetItems, Times.AtLeast1     Assert.AreEqual0, items.Count   public interface IEwsIntegration      ChangeCollectionltItemChangegt GetItems  codepre
Negative 10594 pI have some Virtual machine running with same configuration.  On those VMs I have installed my application.p  pI want to set some custom unique identifier in my VM , so that I know that if particular from my application request is coming from which VM that request is comingor that application is running in which VM. As same application is running inside all VM, so to differentiate each request , I want to setup some unique custom identifier at the time of creation of Virtual machine.p  pI want to setup some system propertiesEnvironment variable at the time of creation of virtual machine.p  pI am using Windows Azure Rest API and Java to create and manage Virtual machine on Windows Azure Portal. I want to achieve this by using Java programing language.p  pPlease let me know if you have nay information about same.p
Negative 10594 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9281078csharpinttostringformaton2charintC int ToString format on 2 char inta  p blockquote    pSorry for the simplicity, but this one is eluding me.  Pretty much I have a list of 36 records, and if the id is less than 10, I need it to return 01, 02, 03... 09, instead of 1, 2, 3... 9.p  pHere is the code I have so far and I would have thought this would work.  This is C .NETp  precodefor int i  1 i lt 36 i      if i.ToString.Length  1              i.ToString.PadLeft2,0           Response.WriteTest   i  codepre  pAny help would be appreciated, thanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pLets say I have two models Post amp Commentp  precodeclass Post lt ActiveRecordBase   hasmany comments   acceptsnestedattributesfor comments end  class Comment lt ActiveRecordBase   belongsto post    beforesave dosomething    def dosomething      Please, let me do something   end end codepre  pI have a form for Post, with fields for comments. Everything works as expected, except for the filter. With the above configuration, beforesave filter on Comment isnt triggered.p  pCould you explain why, and how I can fix thisp
Negative 10594 pHow can I close tab in TabHost My tab this Activity. When I tryp  precodetabHost.removeViewAttabHost.getCurrentTab codepre  pMy app crashs.p
Negative 10594 pI have written a code which opens multiple files in a directory and prints only the first instance of match of required text from each file as output.p  pNow I want this output in a file. Doing it simply by putting codeprint gtgt file.txt,...code or code.writecode or codecsv.writecode inside loop will not serve the purpose.p  pMy code isp  precodeimport re, os, csv, sys  path  D infiles  os.listdirpath moldesc  [Match1, Match2]  for f in infiles     file  os.path.joinpath, f     text  openfile, r     for line in text         if moldesc[0] in line             Text1  line.split[1]                   if moldesc[1] in line             Text2  line.split[1]             print f, Text1, Text2                I WANT THIS OUTPUT IN A FILE             break     text.close  print We are extraction done    codepre
Negative 10594 pOne of the strict mode rules a hrefhttpecmainternational.orgecma2625.1secCAnnex Ca statesp  blockquote   pWhen a codedeletecode operator occurs within strict mode code, a strongSyntaxErrorstrong is thrown if its emUnaryExpressionem is a direct reference to a variable, function argument, or function name.p blockquote  pSo in this codep  precodedelete x codepre  pcodexcode is a reference. I know this because a hrefhttpecmainternational.orgecma2625.1sec11.1.2the result of evaluating an Identifier is always a value of type Referencea. But is it a emdirectem reference p  pAnd, are there other kinds of references Indirect references If not, whats the point of using the word direct at allp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to make a IIS URL rewrite rule that appends an URL parameter to the URL. The url parameter is codehssccode. So, any url that is processed through the server, needs that parameter. Keeping in mind that some urls will have their own params already, and other urls wont, and root urls, etc, sometimes it will need to add codehssc1code or codeamphssccode  so, if I have a URL that is as suchp  ul lia hrefhttpwww.blah.com relnofollowhttpwww.blah.coma should become a hrefhttpwww.blah.comhssc1 relnofollowhttpwww.blah.comhssc1ali lia hrefhttpwww.blah.comindex.html relnofollowhttpwww.blah.comindex.htmla should become a hrefhttpwww.blah.comindex.htmlhssc1 relnofollowhttpwww.blah.comindex.htmlhssc1ali lia hrefhttpwww.blah.comq5 relnofollowhttpwww.blah.comq5a should become a hrefhttpwww.blah.comq5amphssc1 relnofollowhttpwww.blah.comq5amphssc1ali lia hrefhttpwww.blah.comindex.htmlq5 relnofollowhttpwww.blah.comindex.htmlq5a should become a hrefhttpwww.blah.comindex.htmlq5amphssc1 relnofollowhttpwww.blah.comindex.htmlq5amphssc1ali lia hrefhttpwww.blah.comindex.htmlq5amphssc1 relnofollowhttpwww.blah.comindex.htmlq5amphssc1a should be left aloneli ul  pI also want it that the URL should not be hidden as in a backend rewrite behind the scenes. I need the URL to appear in the URL, so when users copy the URL, or bookmark it, the parameter is there.p  pIve set the condition to match it codeamphsschssccode  now I just need a way to write the URL, so it appears and keeps the part of the original URL that is already there.p
Negative 10594 precodeclass User lt ActiveRecordBase     hasmany assignments     hasmany projects, through assignments end  class Project lt ActiveRecordBase     hasmany assignments     hasmany users, through assignments end  class Assignment lt ActiveRecordBase     belongsto user     belongsto project     scope currentassignments, where... end codepre  pI want to get all projects currently assigned to the current user. Something likep  precodecurrentuser.currentassignedprojects codepre  pBut right now, I have to dop  precodecurrentuser.assignments.currentassignments.map a a.project .uniq codepre  porp  precodeProject.includesusers, assignments.whereassignments.status gt 1, users.id gt currentuser.id codepre  pIs there any beautiful way to do thisp
Negative 10594 pAlright so i got the code from someone before and adapted it to my own liking.  However, i may be misinterpreting their code, but on the 3rd click of the button the table gets all out of wack.  Im making a dynamic textbox with table and saving it to session after every click of the Click here to add an accident. p  p2nd Clickp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQP8HS.png alt2nd Click p  p3rd Clickp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comzD18E.png alt3rd Clickp  pIve tried debugging it and it just doesnt make sense to why it would do this.  My code is correct I believe, Im not sure what is going wrong.p  precodepublic partial class employmentdriversapplicationHistory  System.Web.UI.Page  protected void PageLoadobject sender, EventArgs e      protected int TotalNumberAdded      get  return intViewState[TotalNumberAdded]  0      set  ViewState[TotalNumberAdded]  value        protected void AccidentButtonClickobject sender, EventArgs e      TotalNumberAdded     AddControlsTotalNumberAdded     BuildControls    protected void PrevPageClickobject sender, EventArgs e       Response.Redirectemploymentdriversapplicationpersonalinfo.aspx    private IListltTextBoxgt AddedControls  new ListltTextBoxgt private IListltLabelgt AddedControlsLabel  new ListltLabelgt protected override void CreateChildControls      BuildControls     base.CreateChildControls   private void BuildControls            AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttablegtlttrgt     AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControlltbr gt      for var Nl  0 Nl lt TotalNumberAdded Nl              var idNL  String.FormatNatureLabel0, Nl           Check if control was already added          only create controls that are new for this postback         if AccidentPlaceHolder.FindControlidNL  null                      var NLabel  new Label  ID  idNL              NLabel.Text  Nature Of Accident              AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttd classtitletextgt             AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.AddNLabel              AddedControlsLabel.AddNLabel                        for var x  0 x lt TotalNumberAdded x              var idN  String.FormatNatureTextBox0, x          Check if control was already added          only create controls that are new for this postback         if AccidentPlaceHolder.FindControlidN  null                      var NtextBox  new TextBox  ID  idN               AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttdgtlttd classtitletextwidth180pxgt             AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.AddNtextBox              AddedControls.AddNtextBox                     for var DL  0 DL lt TotalNumberAdded DL              var idDL  String.FormatDateLabel0, DL           Check if control was already added          only create controls that are new for this postback         if AccidentPlaceHolder.FindControlidDL  null                      var DLabel  new Label  ID  idDL              DLabel.Text  Date              AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttdgtlttd classtitletextgt             AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.AddDLabel              AddedControlsLabel.AddDLabel                      for var d  0 d lt TotalNumberAdded d              var idD  String.FormatDateTextBox0, d         if AccidentPlaceHolder.FindControlidD  null                       var DtextBox  new TextBox  ID  idD               AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttdgtlttd classtitletextwidth180pxgt             AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.AddDtextBox             AddedControls.AddDtextBox             AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttdgtlttrgt                       for var FL  0 FL lt TotalNumberAdded FL              var idFL  String.FormatFatalLabel0, FL           Check if control was already added          only create controls that are new for this postback         if AccidentPlaceHolder.FindControlidFL  null                      var FLabel  new Label  ID  idFL              FLabel.Text  Fatalities              AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttrgtlttd classtitletextgt             AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.AddFLabel              AddedControlsLabel.AddFLabel                    for var f  0 f lt TotalNumberAdded f              var idF  String.FormatFatalTextBox0, f         if AccidentPlaceHolder.FindControlidF  null                       var FtextBox  new TextBox  ID  idF              AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttdgtlttd classtitletextwidth180pxgt             AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.AddFtextBox             AddedControls.AddFtextBox                        for var IL  0 IL lt TotalNumberAdded IL              var idIL  String.FormatInjuryLabel0, IL           Check if control was already added          only create controls that are new for this postback         if AccidentPlaceHolder.FindControlidIL  null                      var ILabel  new Label  ID  idIL              ILabel.Text  Injuries              AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttdgtlttd classtitletextgt             AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.AddILabel              AddedControlsLabel.AddILabel                    for var i  0 i lt TotalNumberAdded i              var idI  String.FormatInjuryTextBox0, i         if AccidentPlaceHolder.FindControlidI  null                       var ItextBox  new TextBox  ID  idI               AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttdgtlttd classtitletextwidth180pxgt             AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.AddItextBox             AddedControls.AddItextBox             AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttdgtlttrgt                      AccidentPlaceHolder.Controls.Addnew LiteralControllttablegt   protected override void OnPreRenderEventArgs e      foreach var ctrl in AddedControls              var key  ctrl.ID.ReplaceTextBox, String.Empty         Session[key]  ctrl.Text           foreach string session in Session.Keys              System.Diagnostics.Debug.WriteLineString.Format0  1, session, Session[session]          base.OnPreRendere    codepre  pAny Help would be appreciated...ive been looking and debugging it for a few hours and nothing has fixed it.p
Negative 10594 pLets say that I store documents like this in ElasticSearchp  precode     nameuser name,      age43,      locationCA, USA,      biointo java, scala, python ..etc.,      tags[java,scala,python,django,lift]  codepre  pAnd lets say that I search using locationCA, how can I sort the results according to the number of the items in tagsp  pI would like to list the people with the most number of tag in the first page.p
Negative 10594 blockquote   h3NOTEh3      pI now realize that the jar got placed into my repository, but the pom.xml did not. Now, I have another project where the pom.xml fails to get promoted, but the jar is placed in the repository.p      pHowever, another project, both the pom.xml and the jar do get placed in the repository.p blockquote  hr  pI have a project in Jenkins where I use the promotion plugin to deploy my artifacts in Maven via the codedeploydeployfilecode goal.p  pThis works for several other projects I have in Maven, but it fails for this project. The funny thing is that the file but not the pom.xml uploads anyway. Ive verified this by removing the artifact from our Maven repository, then running the promotion. The artifact is in our repository after the promotion.p  pHeres the log Im getting. Broke up the extra long lines the best I couldp  precode[workspace]  binbash xe opttomcatapachetomcat7.0.27temphudson7357923598740079329.sh  FILELOCmntjenkinsbuildsmetricsdbtrunk21archivetargetarchive  mvn deploydeployfile     Dversion0.8.0     Dfilemntjenkinsbuildsmetricsdbtrunk21archivetargetarchivemetricsdbetl.jar     DpomFilemntjenkinsbuildsmetricsdbtrunk21archivetargetarchivepom.xml     Durlhttprepo.vegicorp.comartifactoryextreleaselocal DrepositoryIdVegiCorp [INFO] Scanning for projects... [INFO]                                                                          [INFO]  [INFO] Building Command Line Spring Batch Module 0.8.0.CISNAPSHOT [INFO]  [INFO]  [INFO]  mavendeployplugin2.7deployfile defaultcli  metricsdbetl  Uploading httprepo.vegicorp.comartifactoryextreleaselocalcomvegicorpbatchmetricsdbmetricsdbetl0.8.0metricsdbetl0.8.0.jar 238 KB    438 KB    [...]  Uploaded httprepo.vegicorp.comartifactoryextreleaselocalcomvegicorpbatchmetricsdbmetricsdbetl0.8.0metricsdbetl0.8.0.jar 38 KB at 202.2 KBsec Uploading httprepo.vegicorp.comartifactoryextreleaselocalcomvegicorpbatchmetricsdbmetricsdbetl0.8.0metricsdbetl0.8.0.pom 27 KB      47 KB    [...]  [INFO]  [INFO] BUILD FAILURE [INFO]  [INFO] Total time 1.243s [INFO] Finished at Thu Oct 04 143852 CDT 2012 [INFO] Final Memory 4M119M [INFO]  [ERROR] Failed to execute goal org.apache.maven.pluginsmavendeployplugin2.7deployfile     defaultcli on project metricsdbetl Failed to deploy artifacts     Could not transfer artifact com.vegicorp.batch.metricsdbmetricsdbetlpom0.8.0 fromto     VegiCorp httprepo.vegicorp.comartifactoryextreleaselocal     Failed to transfer file httprepo.vegicorp.comartifactoryextreleaselocalcomvegicorpbatchmetricsdbmetricsdbetl0.8.0metricsdbetl0.8.0.pom.     Return code is 409, ReasonPhraseConflict. gt [Help 1] [ERROR]  [ERROR] To see the full stack trace of the errors, rerun Maven with the e switch. [ERROR] Rerun Maven using the X switch to enable full debug logging. [ERROR]  [ERROR] For more information about the errors and possible solutions, please read the following articles [ERROR] [Help 1] httpcwiki.apache.orgconfluencedisplayMAVENMojoExecutionException failed build hudson.tasks.Shell24a6e7f9 SUCCESS Finished FAILURE codepre  pOutput with the debug flag X is in a hrefhttppastebin.com4KEkswbAPastebina.p
Negative 10594 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12744064howtofetchdatainabackgroundprocessinubuntuHow to fetch data in a background process in Ubuntua  p blockquote    pI am writting a program which monitors the keys pressed on a keyboard. But my program may be running in foreground or in background. I heard that there is OS specific system call which lets the programmer to monitor keyboard activity even when the program running the system call is in background. I am new to Ubuntu programming so please somebody tell me what is that OS system call.p  pstrongNotestrong This program is strictly for educational purposes. It is a part of School project..p  pRegardsp
Negative 10594 pI have selector and lis that are droppable. On document.ready I would like to have the selector be dropped into the second li.... In a perfecto world the code would look like thisp  precodedocument.readyfunction     selector.dropIntoul li.eq1  codepre  pBut unfortunately the world is not perfect, and thats why we have stack overflow.p
Negative 10594 pIs it possible to customize perforce change number. I heared that we can do it. I checked on line but didnt find any solution. p  pFor example trying to get change number as power of two, or multiple of 10 etc. Is this possible. Right now i get a complete random number.p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pHow do I create a PHP script that will redirect to a custom URL when link added in the URL. For instance, when a user visits thisp  precodehttpmydomain.comlink.phphttpwww.google.com codepre  pIt should redirect them instantly to google.p  pIdeally, is it possible to ensure that the click itself came locallyp  pI am aware that this is most likely a very basic PHP code but note that my knowledge of it is very limited which is restricting me from writing it.p
Negative 10594 pI have a table with 5 million rows, and I want to get only rows that have the field codedatecode between two dates date1 and date2. I tried to do p  precodeselect column from table where date gt date1 and date lt date2 codepre  pbut the processing time is really big. Is there a smarter way to do this Maybe access directly a row and make the query only after that row My point is, is there a way to discard a large part of my table that does not match to the date period Or I have to read row by row and compare the datesp
Negative 10594 pI noticed that locally we were getting errors about 7 different jqueryui images, e.g. codeActionControllerRoutingError No route matches [GET] publicuibghighlightsoft100eeeeee1x100.pngcodep  pThese assets do actually exist within the jqueryui file structure.p  pI have found that changing the urls used within the jqueryui framework css itself from codeurlimagesuibghighlightsoft100eeeeee1x100.pngcode to codeurlassetsuibghighlightsoft100eeeeee1x100.pngcode  or codeurluibghighlightsoft100eeeeee1x100.pngcode  removes the error though I had to also do a coderake assetsprecompilecode locally.  However this seems like a bad approach and not the right thing to do.p  pWhat is the right approach to resolving these errorsp
Negative 10594 pOkay, so I am building a Magento store for a client who wants a fairly simple shipping setup, but one that I am not sure Magento supports.p  pShe wants the customer to be billedp  p5 dollars for 1 item 7 dollars for 2 items or 10 dollars for 3 itemsp  pPretty simple.  Is this something that can be added  If so, how do I go about itp  pI am a PHP newbie.  Thanks for any helpp
Negative 10594 pFirst of i am sorry to say that removing duplicate node not working all the ways as expected even i referred multiple threads which are helped to some extend but still i have not reached to the solution what i expected.p  pTo brief my case I want to remove XitemSup complex type element if my supplier and origincountryid is same in following descendant.  p  pBelow is the xslt codep  precodeltxslstylesheet version1.0 excluderesultprefixesxsl xsd ns3                 xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema                 xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransform                 xmlnsns3httpxmlns.oracle.comTSStoRMSRIBXItemProcessSuppliergt    ltxsltemplate matchgt       ltns3XItemSupDescgt          ltxslforeach selectns3XItemSupDescns3XitemSupgt                          ltxslif testnotns3supplierfollowingns3supplier or notns3origincountryidfollowingns3origincountryidgt                    ltns3XitemSupgt                      ltns3suppliergt                         ltxslvalueof select.ns3suppliergt                      ltns3suppliergt                      ltns3primarysuppindgt                         ltxslvalueof select.ns3primarysuppindgt                      ltns3primarysuppindgt                      ltns3origincountryidgt                         ltxslvalueof select.ns3origincountryidgt                      ltns3origincountryidgt                      ltns3primarycountryindgt                         ltxslvalueof select.ns3primarycountryindgt                      ltns3primarycountryindgt                      ltns3unitcostgt                         ltxslvalueof select.ns3unitcostgt                      ltns3unitcostgt                   ltns3XitemSupgt                ltxslifgt          ltxslforeachgt       ltns3XItemSupDescgt    ltxsltemplategt ltxslstylesheetgt codepre  pBut if i apply on below xml it is not workingp  precodeltXItemSupDesc xmlnsns2httpxmlns.oracle.comTSStoRMSRIBXItemProcessSupplier xmlnshttpxmlns.oracle.comTSStoRMSRIBXItemProcessSuppliergt    ltns2XitemSupgt       ltns2suppliergt101018ltns2suppliergt       ltns2primarysuppindgtNltns2primarysuppindgt       ltns2origincountryidgtCAltns2origincountryidgt       ltns2primarycountryindgtNltns2primarycountryindgt       ltns2unitcostgt6ltns2unitcostgt    ltns2XitemSupgt    ltns2XitemSupgt       ltns2suppliergt102825ltns2suppliergt       ltns2primarysuppindgtNltns2primarysuppindgt       ltns2origincountryidgtINltns2origincountryidgt       ltns2primarycountryindgtNltns2primarycountryindgt       ltns2unitcostgt13ltns2unitcostgt    ltns2XitemSupgt    ltns2XitemSupgt       ltns2suppliergt102825ltns2suppliergt       ltns2primarysuppindgtNltns2primarysuppindgt       ltns2origincountryidgtINltns2origincountryidgt       ltns2primarycountryindgtNltns2primarycountryindgt       ltns2unitcostgt24ltns2unitcostgt    ltns2XitemSupgt ltXItemSupDescgt codepre  pI am hoping someone can let me know where I am going wrong with XSLT code.p
Negative 10594 pI have a string like that codeobj[attr1val1 attr2val2 attr3val3]codebr i need to extract object name and attributes.p  pEarlier, ive decided similar task in javascript using next regexp p  precodew[wwsww] codepre  pNow i have a trouble deciding in javap  precodePattern pathPattern  Pattern.compilew[wwsww] codepre  pIm getting just a object name and first attribute.  It seems that Mather class gets group count corresponding to count of  without considering symbol .p  pIs exists the possibility to make working java reg exp like js regexp, or i need to make two steps extractionp  pthank youp
Negative 10594 pI have a dynamic collection of objects which I bind to jQuery Template on my page. This collection of objects which I have on client side is a codeListltTgtcode returned from my server, where codeTcode can be any object of any class. For examplep  precodeClass Employee   string Name  int Id  int age   Class Companies    int CompId   string CompanyName   string CompanyLocation  codepre  pNow Based on user request I will send codeListltEmployeegtcode or codeListltCompaniesgtcode to client side. Now I was just wondering if we can sort this list at client side using jquery. Any help would be much appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI have several stored procedures structured like the followingp  precodeUSE [WHouse] GO SET ANSINULLS ON GO SET QUOTEDIDENTIFIER ON GO  CREATE PROCEDURE [dbo].[prAlertDly] AS     IF SELECT LastRunDate FROM WHouse.dbo.AlertRunDates WHERE NameDescription  X  lt SELECT CONVERTDATE, GETDATE     BEGIN                need to comment the following out if trying to rerun        UPDATE x         SET  x.LastRunDate  CONVERTDATE,GETDATE        FROM WHouse.dbo.AlertRunDates x        WHERE [NameDescription]  X                          DO A LOAD OF STUFF IN HERE         INCLUDING USING DBSENDMAIL TO EMAIL 20 PEOPLE              END codepre  pMy colleague has set up a reporting system using procedures  SSIS that loops every 10 minutes and as long as a stored procedure completes without an error then it is marked as complete in a control table.p  pWhat I dont understand is even if the above throws an error why would it ever repeat the section between codeBEGIN  ENDcode more than once in the same batch p  pIf it is not defensive enough how do defend against my colleagues system causing the same emails to get distributed every 10 minutesp
Negative 10594 pASP.Net MVC 3, Kendo UI Web, Kendo grid control.p  pI configured several fields to be readonlyp  precode.Modelmodel gt                  model.Fieldit gt it.foobar.Editablefalse           ... codepre  pand it works as expected in inline mode. But when I switch the mode to popup, the editor show entire structure, so I can edit any field I want those marked as noneditable as well.p  pSo how to mark them so the popup editor would show only those marked for editsp
Negative 10594 pI was trying telnet into a Web server and send a multiline request message. I have to include in the request message the codeIfmodifiedsincecode. I made settings for Win7.p  pFor instance when I type codetelnet edition.cnn.com 80code on my command prompt, it opens a black empty screen, I dont see any thing that I type.p  pThen I wrote this line on the black screen codeGET pageName HTTP1.0code, it returned code400 Bad Request Errorcode and says connection closed. What should I do I  used get pagename for an example.p
Negative 10594 pService composition is a fundamental part of SOA. All of the capabilities offered by a service inventory are expected to utilize other services within that inventory, where necessary, in order to build the task that they are accomplishing from smaller component parts. This is all from an architectural level, though how does this composition happen at the implementation levelp  pConsider this situation. I have a task service which involves posting a codeprocessrequestcode resource that will manage additional resources involved in asynchronously processing a large file to generate the real resource.  Lets call the eventual real resource a PartsInventory.  So, you provide a URL and a name for the PartsInventory to the codeprocessrequestcode service, which then creates a PartsInventory placeholder and kicks off the asynchronous ETL involved in converting the massive csv file at your URL into a real PartsInventory.  If this asynchronous job fails, it will remove the placeholder and queries to the codeprocessrequestcode service will reflect the failure.  If it succeeds, it will remove the placeholder status and queries to the codeprocessrequestcode service will instead redirect you to the PartsInventory resource.p  pNow, how does the implementation of the interaction between codeprocessrequestcode and the PartsInventory emlookem, from a code standpoint  Am I POSTing requests to a published codepartsinventorycode service, or am I calling ORM objects to create the placeholder  If the former, I am abiding by the published contract and am behaving as a consumer of my own services, which seems to fit the composability principlebut it feels really awkward to interact this way from within the same codebase. On the other hand, the latter presumes that the codeprocessrequestcode handler is going to know about how to create a PartsInventory placeholder on its own, which feels awkward in itself. The third option would be to create a specialized static factory method on the PartsInventory object, called something along the lines of codePartsInventory.createplaceholdercode, so that the codeprocessrequestcode code is at least ignorant of the constructor dependencies of a PartsInventory object. This does still separate creation into two locations, though.p  pHave you encountered this Is there a canonical right answer to this questionp
Negative 10594 pI am submitting inputs from gridview to database on button click. Here, I am checking if a particular column value is left blank or not on submit.  If it is blank, I need to diplay an alert message with particular row number. i.e. if in row no 3 the col3 value is left blank and submitted, I should get message  Please fill col3 value in row no 3p  pAs of now I dont know how to display the row number.p  pThis is my code  p  precodefor int i  0 i lt GridView1.Rows.Count i      Label col  LabelGridView1.Rows[i].FindControlcol3     ifcol.Text  string.Empty          StringBuilder s  new StringBuilder     s.Appendltscript languagejavascriptgt     s.Appendalert Please fill col3 value     s.Appendltscriptgt     RegisterStartupScriptPlease fill col3 value , s.ToString          else          rest code      codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a multiple forms in one page. Each form has exactly the same content. But i encountered an issue regarding with my labels. I know that label for tag should be unique and pointed to the element id but I have to multiply the form for some reason. Please refer to my code found in jsfiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netQDf8Pmy codeap  precodeltformgt ltlabel foroption1gtOption 1ltlabelgt ltinput typeradio idoption1 nameoptionsgt  ltlabel foroption2gtOption 2ltlabelgt ltinput typeradio idoption2 nameoptionsgt  ltlabel foroption3gtOption 3ltlabelgt ltinput typeradio idoption3 nameoptionsgt ltformgt  lt another form but the same content gt ltformgt ltlabel foroption1gtOption 1ltlabelgt ltinput typeradio idoption1 nameoptionsgt  ltlabel foroption2gtOption 2ltlabelgt ltinput typeradio idoption2 nameoptionsgt  ltlabel foroption3gtOption 3ltlabelgt ltinput typeradio idoption3 nameoptionsgt ltformgt codepre  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI need to do a program in prolog which prints out a listit has to be a list of all the nodes of a tree on a level N given. I just cant manage to put the nodes into a list. Someone told me to use the function findall but it still wont work. I would like to do not change the predicate levelNodes but a solution without findall will be good to.p  precodedomains elementinteger treetypetreeelement,treetype,treetypenil listelement predicates createtreeelement,treetype insertlefttreetype,treetype,treetype insertrighttreetype,treetype,treetype levelNodetreetype,element levelNodeselement,treetype,element goal createtree10,Ten, createtree11,Eleven, createtree3,Three, createtree5,Five, createtree8,Eight, createtree4,Four, createtree1,One,  insertleftTen,Eleven,Eleven1, insertrightThree,Eleven1,Eleven2, insertleftFive,Eight,Eight1, insertrightFour,Eight1,Eight2, insertleftEleven2,One,One1, insertrightEight2,One1,FinalTree, levelNodeFinalTree,1, nl. clauses levelNodetreeI,L,R,N     findallX,levelNodesX,treeI,L,R,N,O,     writeO. levelNodesX,treeI,,,0     XI,     . levelNodesX,treeI,L,R,N     Ngt0,     N2N1,     levelNodesX,L,N2,     levelNodesX,R,N2.  createtreeA,treeA,nil,nil.  insertleftX,treeA,,B,treeA,X,B.  insertrightX,treeA,B,,treeA,B,X. codepre
Negative 10594 pIm having problems with DateTime.ParseExact method which is throwing exceptions that my strongeminput string is not in correct formatemstrong.p  pCode follows  p  precodeclass Program              static void Mainstring[] args                      var rawDate  Thu, 08 nov 2012 151918 0             var format  ddd, dd MMM yyyy HHmmss K             var date  DateTime.ParseExactrawDate, format, CultureInfo.InvariantCulture               codepre  pI found a few similar threads here on SO with exact date format and nobody reports any problem there. p  pI followed this as my guide p  precodeddd  Three letter Day of week MMM  Three letter month dd  Two digit day of month 0131  use d for 131 HH  Hours using 24hour clock. 0024  use H for 024 mm  Minutes. 0059 ss  Seconds. 0059 K  Time zone information yyyy  4digit year codepre  pWhat can be cause of exceptionsp  pThank you in advancep
Negative 10594 pJust studying data structures in python for a project and cant work out the difference in a dictionary and a data structures in this formp  precodeclass Address      def initself, housenumber, housestreet, housecity,                  housecounty, housepostcode         self.number  housenumber         self.street  housestreet         self.city  housecity         self.county  housecounty         self.postcode  housepostcode      def reprself         return ltClass Address,  strself.number                     self.street     self.city                     self.county     self.postcode  gt    Creates an object Address and assign it to a variable myaddress  Address1, abc, def, ghi, jkl   Print the object Myaddress print Address object, myaddress  print house number, myaddress.number   change house number myaddress.number  555  print NEW house number, myaddress.number codepre  pThe code sample is modified from sample code given in a lecture at university of york.p
Negative 10594 pI have some basic experience with video and imagery in Android using SurfaceViews, mediarecorder, VideoView etc. What I would like to do however is to composite multiple layers of video generally with a top layer having an alpha channel to expose the layer behind it in a buffer and save the result to a new video file. What would also be useful is to be able to perform compositing functions like screen, multiply, or overlay.p  pAny ideas how this could be donep
Negative 10594 pI have a time string populated in selectlist control e.g 0540 I want to add 20 minutes in it and populate in textbox everytime when list value get changes in jquery or javascriptp  precodedocument.readyfunction   starttimeList.changefunction  var selectVal  starttimeList.val      HERE I WANT MY CODE AS selectVal is getting value of select control e.g. 0540 and entTime is my textbox where I want the time added with 20 minutes. endTime.valselectVal     codepre
Negative 10594 pI need help with below code.p  pWhat I need to do is to pass the URL parameters to these two hidden fields.  a hrefhttpwww.yoursite.comindex.phpfieldOneWorkampfieldTwoPlay relnofollowhttpwww.yoursite.comindex.phpfieldOneWorkampfieldTwoPlayap  pIt doesnt seem to be working. Also I cannot add id to the form field. p  precodeltinput typehidden namefieldOnegt     ltinput typehidden namefieldTwogt     ltscriptgt     function FillForm          var FormName  myformname         var qLoc  location.href.indexOf     ifqLoc lt 0  return      var q  location.href.substrqLoc  1     var list  q.splitamp     forvar i  0 i lt list.length i          var kv  list[i].split         if evaldocument.FormName.kv[0]  continue          kv[1]  unescapekv[1]         ifkv[1].indexOf gt 1              var re  g             kv[1]  kv[1].replacere,                evaldocument.FormName.kv[0].valuekv[1]                  FillForm     ltscriptgt  codepre
Negative 10594 pI am newbie for iOS development though I am web developer since last 2 yearsp  pI have created a link on my screen using TextView and provided color as black. However when I run my application I see link color as BLUE. Any idea how to make link color to BLACKp  pIs there anything like CSS for iOS developmentp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to free a character pointer after having used it but it returns a strange error.p  pThe error says p  blockquote   pCrtDbgREport String too long or IO Errorp blockquote  pThe debugger itself returns no errors while compiling.p  pThe code currently looks like thisp  precodevoid RespondToUserSOCKET client, SOCKET server      char buffer[80]     char temp  mallocscprintfHTTP1.1 200 OKrnsrnServer srnConnection closernrnHi, buffer, SERVERNAME     sprintftemp, HTTP1.1 200 OKrnsrnServer srnConnection closernrnHi, buffer, SERVERNAME      sendclient, temp, strlentemp, 0     closesocketclient     freetemp     ListenToUsersserver  codepre  pThe problem only occurs when I try to free the temp pointer from the memory and not otherwise. What might be causing thisp
Negative 10594 pWondering which hashing algorithm I should be using to create primary keys from strings.  Right now Im using SHA1.  p  pIn the past Ive used SHA256, although I have heard that 256 might be overkill for my purposes.  Ive also heard some things about maybe using MD5, but I dont know much about the pros and cons of that one.p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pIn the markup below, I am using context menu for a node of a treeview in a hierarchical template. The problem is that I want to bind the context menu items to individual commands but since i am using context menu item style there is no other way to bind the commands to the menu items. how do i bind them to commands defined in the root of the view model.p  precode ltHierarchicalDataTemplate  xKeyNodeTemplategt             ltStackPanel OrientationHorizontalgt                 ltStackPanel.ContextMenugt                     ltContextMenugt                         ltMenuItem HeaderCopygt                         ltMenuItemgt                         ltMenuItem HeaderPastegt                         ltMenuItemgt                         ltContextMenu.ItemContainerStylegt                             ltStyle TargetTypeMenuItemgt                                 ltSetter PropertyCommand ValueBinding RelativeSourceRelativeSource FindAncestor, AncestorTypexType UserControl, PathDataContext.Copygt                                 ltSetter PropertyCommandParameter ValueBinding Taggt                             ltStylegt                         ltContextMenu.ItemContainerStylegt                     ltContextMenugt                 ltStackPanel.ContextMenugt                 ltTextBlock TextBinding PathLabel StyleStaticResource TreeTextStyle ToolTipBinding PathDescription TagBinding PathTaggt                 ltTextBlockgt             ltStackPanelgt ltHierarchicalDataTemplategt codepre
Negative 10594 pIm using php services to insert text from MySql, to a TextArea.  Ok, with mx textarea is working but how do i manage that with sparkp  pthis is my example with mxp  precodeltmxTextArea htmlTextlinks.commentgt codepre  pthis is an example with sparkp  precodeltsTextAreagt     ltstextFlowgt         ltsTextFlowgt             ltsa hrefhttpwww.google.com targetblankgtltsspan color0xCECB02 textDecorationnonegtSomething and Somethingltsspangtltsagt         ltsTextFlowgt     ltstextFlowgt ltsTextAreagt codepre  pThat works, but how can i take the same links.comment from MySqlp
Negative 10594 pA codeTHREE.Texturecode can be used as a map in a material and has a property called image. A codeTHREE.WebGLRenderTargetcode can be used as a map in a material but does not have a property called image.p  pHow would I retrieve the texturedata from a codeWebGLRenderTargetcode I would like to save it to a file or, if that is not possible, as a byte array. p
Negative 10594 pI want to render received emails via SMTP Server that are stored in my DB and my question isp  ul liIs there a gem that provides rendering htmlpart, textpart from incoming email received via SMTP Server or something that can help to render an email depending which type it is HTML, TEXT  li ul  pwith best regards  Hannesp
Negative 10594 pMy default layout is default.ctp, but I want to use another layout defaultscaffolds.ctp only for scaffolding views, when I use in the controllerp  precodepublic scaffold codepre  pI tried in the AppControllerp  precode    public function beforeScaffold          thisgtlayout  defaultscaffolds  codepre  pbut that didnt work.p  pI appreciate any help with this.p
Negative 10594 pI have a table using the datatable plugin. I am trying to remove a row from it dynamically using thisp  precodedocument.readyfunction       var oTable  tabledemodtable02.dataTableaaSorting []      .iconremove.onclick,function         var anSelected  fnGetSelected oTable          deletedoTable.fnDeleteRowanSelected[0]                         codepre  pI get the following error ReferenceError fnGetSelected is not defined I tried using from here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10324875jquerydatatablespluginnotremovingtablerowjQuery Data Tables plugin not removing table rowap  precodethis.parenttr.remove codepre  pThis would of course remove the row but will not reset the text in the footer like  Showing 1 to 10 of 17 entries. Removing this way is not the best solution to this.p  pMy DOM Code looks likep  precodeltPHP                                             count1 foreachledgers as row gt     lttr gt     lttdgtlta onClickviewDetailsltPHP echo row[id]gt stylecursorpointergtltPHP echo row[name]gtltagtlttdgt       lttdgtltPHP echo row[email]gtlttdgt      lttdgtltPHP echo row[contactnumber]gtlttdgt       lttdgt      lti classiconremove rowcountltPHP echo countgt stylecursorpointer marginright5px titleRemove Ledger idremoveLedgerNowgtltigt      lti classiconedit stylecursorpointer titleEdit Ledger onclickviewDetailsltPHP echo row[id]gtgtltigt     lttdgt   lttrgt    ltPHP count  gt codepre  pComment.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to extract digits from a sudoku board. after detecting the board, its corners and transforming, Im left with a pretty lined up image of only the board. Now Im trying to recognize the digits using Tesseract android implementation, TessTwo. I split the image to 9 parts byp  precodecurrentCell  undistortedThreshed.submatrect codepre  pwhere coderectcode is the rectangle that surrounds the image.p  pNow to the digits recognition.p  pSome digits, like 4, it recognize perfectly. Some, mostly 6,7,8 are recognized as 0s or nothing.p  pI want to help tesseract as much as I can by cleaning the codecurrentCellcode image. at the moment it looks like this img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIcaxs.png altInverted 6. also tried without the Inverted thresholding. I want to get rid of the white lines the sudoku lines. Ive tried something like this taken from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma7975315975959hereap  precodeImgproc.CannycurrentCell, currentCell, 80, 90 Mat lines  new Mat int threshold  50 int minLineSize  5 int lineGap  20  Imgproc.HoughLinesPcurrentCell, lines, 1, Math.PI  180,         threshold, minLineSize, lineGap for int x  0 x lt lines.cols ampamp x lt 1 x      double[] vec  lines.get0, x     double x1  vec[0], y1  vec[1], x2  vec[2], y2  vec[3]     Point start  new Pointx1, y1     Point end  new Pointx2, y2      Core.linecurrentCell, start, end, new Scalar255, 10   codepre  pbut it doesnt draw anything, I tried messing with the lines width and color, but still nothing. Tried drawing the line on the large image, on the unthreshed image, nothing works..p  pAny suggestionsp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pFor some reason, it cant seems to find any lines. This is what that image looks after applying canny to it img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJ2zqX.png alt6 after canny but the codeHoughLinescode doesnt detect any lines. Tried both codeHoughLinescode and codeHoughLinesPcode with different values, as shown in the OpenCV documentation, but nothing works... Those are pretty obvious lines.. what am I doing wrong Thanksp
Negative 10594 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3289781howtomakecaseinsensitivefilterquerieswithgoogleappengineHow to make case insensitive filter queries with Google App Enginea  p blockquote    pCurrently on my web app, p  pIf I type in www.website.comRohit , it takes me to my desired profile page.p  pBut if I type in www.website.comrohit , it does not take me there, and it gets sent to the 404 error.p  pBasically, my username is stored as Rohitp  pAnd any given users profile page is supposed to be www.website.comusernamep  pBut I want the website to not care about capitals.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI now know, thanks to Martijn that my regex expression is ok. This is the code, I use to check Google App Engine to see if a username already exists or notp  precodeu  User.all.filterusername , username.get codepre  pHow do I make this capitalsfriendly capital letters dont make a differencep
Negative 10594 pI faced with problem, when I put value as codeStringcode into codeListltStringgtcode inside codeltuirepeatgtcode  when I press button I see that codeListltStringgtcode contains just records for last element of uirepeat.p  precodeltuirepeat valueutiltoListtest.mapQestionsWithAnswers varentrygt                 lthinputHidden valueentry.key.questionId gt                 lthoutputText valueentry.key.question                     renderednot empty entry.value gt                 ltpselectManyCheckbox valuetest.questionAnswerList                     layoutpageDirectiongt                     ltfselectItems valueentry.value varans                         itemValueentry.key.questionId ans.answer.answerId                         itemLabelans.answer.answer gt                 ltpselectManyCheckboxgt             ltuirepeatgt codepre  pIdea with codeutiltoListcode from Baluscanswer a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6001743howtoshowhashmapvaluesinjsfHow to show hashmap values in jsfap  pstrongUPDATEDstrong I rewrite this code without using mapp  precodeltuirepeat valuetest.questionList varquestiongt                 lthoutputText valuequestion.question                     renderednot empty question gt                 ltpselectManyCheckbox valuetest.questionAnswerList                     layoutpageDirectiongt                     ltfselectItems valuequestion.questionAnswers varans                         itemValueans.questionAnswerIdentifer.questionId ans.questionAnswerIdentifer.answerId                         itemLabelans.answer.answer gt                 ltpselectManyCheckboxgt             ltuirepeatgt codepre  pBut it doesnt help me I can get in codeListltStringgtcode just pairs question answer for last question in codeltuirepeatgtcode. Seems as after every iteration questionAnswerList become emptyp  pOk I read some article a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions13147440primefacesmanycheckboxinsideuirepeatcallssettermethodonlyforlastloopPrimefaces ManyCheckbox inside uirepeat calls setter method only for last loopap  pAnd I decide use map Mapp  pBut in this part error codeClassCastExceptioncode String cannot be cast to Listp  precodepublic ListltStringgt getQuestionAnswerList       return questionAnswerList     ListltStringgt selectedQuestionAnswer  new ArrayListltStringgt     if selectedItems.isEmpty          SetltLonggt idsSet  selectedItems.keySet         forLong questionId  idsSet                           ListltStringgt questionAnswerPair  selectedItems.getquestionId             selectedQuestionAnswer.addAllquestionAnswerPair                   return selectedQuestionAnswer  ltpselectManyCheckbox valuetest.selectedItems[question.questionId]                     layoutpageDirectiongt                     ltfselectItems valuequestion.questionAnswers varans                         itemValueans.questionAnswerIdentifer.questionId ans.questionAnswerIdentifer.answerId                         itemLabelans.answer.answer gt                 ltpselectManyCheckboxgt  codepre  pHow I can get all choosen values in codeListltStringgtcodep
Negative 10594 pI am using the Aptana plugin for eclipse   how to I upgrade the JSLint version being used to validate my JavaScript codep  pIt is complaining about my use strict statement saying expected an assignment or function call and instead saw an expressionp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pWill try to post only relevant code as my program is quite large already. Basically the program adds customer information into an arrayliststruct. Ive got the storing and saving and file loading working flawlessly, but when Im trying to show the data Im getting exceptions. p  pMost of the main code is on a class seperate to the forms, and this particular call comes from frmViewRecords.p  precodepublic void ViewDataint currentRecord              string fn  custDetailsdatalist[currentRecord].firstName          frmViewRecords viewRecords  new frmViewRecords         viewRecords.WriteDatafn      codepre  pThe above code is what causes the exception, but the code for the messagebox below works fine.p  precodepublic void LoadData              bool fileLoaded  false          Load the database         try                      FileStream fs  new FileStreamfilename, FileMode.Open, FileAccess.Read Create the filestream             try                              BinaryFormatter bf  new BinaryFormatter New binary formatter for deserialization                 datalist  ArrayListbf.Deserializefs                 fileLoaded  true Update the fileLoaded bool so that it doesnt open the file dialog instance                 recordCount  datalist.Count                 MessageBox.Show  filename   loaded successfully. Inform the user that the file was automatically loaded                 MessageBox.ShowTest   custDetailsdatalist[0].firstName                          catch                              MessageBox.ShowCould not deserialise from   filename, FILE LOADING PROBLEM, MessageBoxButtons.OK, MessageBoxIcon.Exclamation                          fs.Close                  catch                      if MessageBox.ShowFile isnt in the right location, this is normal if a dataset does not yet exist.nn If the file exists elsewhere click no and you will be prompted to find the database file, else click yes to create a default file., FILE LOADING PROBLEM, MessageBoxButtons.YesNo, MessageBoxIcon.Exclamation  DialogResult.Yes                              fileLoaded  true                 CreateDefaultData                       codepre  pI have tried string fn  custDetailsdatalist[0].firstName to ensure it isnt the variable causing the problems, and the exception still happens. I am pretty much out of ideas. The problem cannot be with struct or arraylist definition as the the messagebox in LoadData works fine and outputs the correct information. I tried moving the messagebox to the ViewData method and that also began giving an exception so I can only assume something is wrong with my method p  pThese methods are on MainClass.cs and below is how I called the method from frmViewRecordsp  precodeMainClass mainClass  new MainClass int currentRecord  0  private void LoadData              mainClass.ViewDatacurrentRecord      codepre  pIt might be worth mentioning that previously, I was calling the data straight from frmViewRecords like sop  precodetxtFirstName.Text  MainClass.custDetailsmainClass.datalist[currentRecord].firstName codepre  pBut after getting the same exception while the messagebox prompt worked, I rewrote it to the above and still I get the problem so I have no idea what is causing it. p
Negative 10594 pIve got an embedded resource inside of a singular resource codeprofileworkoutcode and am having some problems with the codeformforcode helper.p  pIve defined the following helper, since codeprofilecode is just based off the codecurrentusercode just redirects to the right urlp  precodedef workoutpathargs     profileworkoutpathargs end codepre  pIve got the following model p  precodeclass Workout   include MongoidDocument   include MongoidTimestamps    field name, type String    embeddedin user   embedsmany movements   acceptsnestedattributesfor movements end codepre  pcontrollerp  precodedef new   workout  currentuser.workouts.build   workout.movements.build end codepre  proutesp  precodeComposerDeleteApplication.routes.draw do   authenticated user do     root to gt homeindex   end    root to gt homeindex   devisefor users   resources users do   end    resource profile do     resources workouts   end end codepre  pand formp  precode formfor workout do f   fieldset      f.label name      f.textfield name      f.fieldsfor movements do builder        render movementfields, f builder      linktoaddfields Add Movement, f, movements      f.submit Create codepre  pWhen I visit the url codehttplocalhost3500profileworkouts50b99b70f0f800cd53000002editcode, the form has the following headerp  precodeltform acceptcharsetUTF8 actionprofileworkouts50b99b70f0f800cd53000002 classeditworkout ideditworkout50b99b70f0f800cd53000002 methodpostgt codepre  pIt gets the right id codeeditltmodelgtltidgtcode, but the wrong method codepostcode, should be codeputcode, also, the submit button says codeCreatecode instead of codeUpdatecode.  The form works correctly, and updates the workout.  p  prake routesp  precode                    root                                            homeindex                     root                                            homeindex         newusersession GET    userssignin.format             devisesessionsnew             usersession POST   userssignin.format             devisesessionscreate     destroyusersession DELETE userssignout.format            devisesessionsdestroy            userpassword POST   userspassword.format            devisepasswordscreate        newuserpassword GET    userspasswordnew.format        devisepasswordsnew       edituserpassword GET    userspasswordedit.format       devisepasswordsedit                          PUT    userspassword.format            devisepasswordsupdate canceluserregistration GET    userscancel.format              deviseregistrationscancel        userregistration POST   users.format                     deviseregistrationscreate    newuserregistration GET    userssignup.format             deviseregistrationsnew   edituserregistration GET    usersedit.format                deviseregistrationsedit                          PUT    users.format                     deviseregistrationsupdate                          DELETE users.format                     deviseregistrationsdestroy                    users GET    users.format                     usersindex                          POST   users.format                     userscreate                 newuser GET    usersnew.format                 usersnew                edituser GET    usersidedit.format            usersedit                     user GET    usersid.format                 usersshow                          PUT    usersid.format                 usersupdate                          DELETE usersid.format                 usersdestroy         profileworkouts GET    profileworkouts.format          workoutsindex                          POST   profileworkouts.format          workoutscreate      newprofileworkout GET    profileworkoutsnew.format      workoutsnew     editprofileworkout GET    profileworkoutsidedit.format workoutsedit          profileworkout GET    profileworkoutsid.format      workoutsshow                          PUT    profileworkoutsid.format      workoutsupdate                          DELETE profileworkoutsid.format      workoutsdestroy                  profile POST   profile.format                   profilescreate              newprofile GET    profilenew.format               profilesnew             editprofile GET    profileedit.format              profilesedit                          GET    profile.format                   profilesshow                          PUT    profile.format                   profilesupdate                          DELETE profile.format                   profilesdestroy codepre
Negative 10594 pSet of numbersp  precodenset  [1.0,3.2,4.5,8.2,1.3,2.2,5.6,9.8,2.4,5.5,6.7] codepre  pSo im trying to construct a function that takes a set of numbers and creates a list of lists from the number set. im trying to make each list have a subset of numbers from the original set that increases until it hits a maximum valuep  precodeorganizedset  [[1.0,3.2,4.5,8.2],[1.3,2.2,5.6,9.8],[2.4,5.5,6.7]] codepre  pi was thinking something along the lines ofp  precodefor i,k in ziprange0,lennset,nset     set  []     d  dictzipi,k     d2  dictzipk,i     if d[i] lt d[d2[i]1]         set.appendk codepre  pthis isnt making sense.  im working on a much more complicated function but this is one part of it that is throwing me off.  any help would be gladly appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pI was wondering how I would be able to create an object in a database based the URL a user is going to. p  pSay for example they would go to scheduleaddbid1 and this would create an object in the table containing the owner of the bid, the schedule they bidded on and if the bid has been completed. This here is what I have for my model so far for bids.p  precodeclass Bidsmodels.Model    id  models.AutoFieldID, primarykeyTrue, editableFalse,    owner  models.ForeignKeyUser    biddedschedule  models.ForeignKeySchedule    complete  models.BooleanFieldCompleted, defaultFalse codepre  pThe biddedschedule would be based on the number in the URL as the 1 in this case would be the first schedule in the schedule tablep  pAny ideas on how to do this p
Negative 10594 pI am newbie learning perl. The question I have is how do I make sure that if the mine is not set, after the while, I need to send an error or exceptionp  precodewhile my a, b  each him      if cgtd eq a          mine  b       codepre  pHere I have to return error if mine is not set.p
Negative 10594 pVery amateur coder and statistician working on a problem in R.p  pI have four integer lists A, B, C, D.p  precodeA lt [1133] B lt [1266] C lt [1266] D lt [1133, 267400] codepre  pI want R to generate all of the permutations from picking 1 item from each of these lists I know this code will take forever to run, and then take the mean of each of those permutations. So, for instance, [1, 100, 200, 400]  175.25.p  pIdeally what I would have at the end is a list of all of these means then.p  pAny ideas p
Negative 10594 pgiven that service  just fetching a json on the server p  precodeSushiServices  angular.moduleSushiServices,[]  SushiServices.factoryDataTypeService,[http,httpgt     self       self.data  []     self.inilialized  false     return gt         if  self.inilialized false             http.getdatatypes.json.success datagt                 self.data  data                 self.inilialized  true          return self.data ] codepre  plet say i use that service in a controller p  precodeProductListController  scope,rootScope,http,filter,DataTypeServicegt               EN  manage product list display          FR  gre laffichage de la liste de produits           rootScope.types  DataTypeService codepre  prootScope.types is used in a repeated , now the issue is obvious   When i render my page , the json has not been fetched successfull yet , so nothing shows up in my repeater.p  pstronghow can i design my app so , the template updates itself when something returns from the server strong thanksp  pthe template  p  precode ltspan ngrepeattype in typesgt         lta hrefjavascriptvoid 0 ngclickaddToSelectedTypestype.id classlabel trans stylefontsize 15px ngclassgetSelectedClasstype.selected gttype.name  capitalize ltagt       ltspangt codepre
Negative 10594 pI want to add SegmentedControl to my MKMapView With three Segmentsp  ol liStandardViewli liSatelliteViewli liHybridViewli ol  pand we can change map type by taping segmentsp  pi have try some code p  precode voidindexDidChangeForSegmentedControlUISegmentedControl aSegmentedControl   NSArray itemArray  [NSArray arrayWithObjects One, Two, Three, nil] segControl [[UISegmentedControl alloc] initWithItemsitemArray]  ifsegControl.selectedSegmentIndex  0     mapView  MKMapTypeStandard  ifsegControl.selectedSegmentIndex  1     mapView  MKMapTypeSatellite  else      mapView  MKMapTypeHybrid  codepre  pp
Negative 10594 pI have to create a Web app which can allowed to copy from excel and paste on the web and get exacly the same thing and vice versa. I dont know many things on web development but I found some solution like p  psharepoint and office web appp  pasp.net  ajaxp  pmake a addin in excel to send elem on a server but the project will be only on excel  with this solutionp  pHTML  PHP with PHPExcel.p  pAre there others solutions or which one of these is the bestp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI need to make some timebased statistics over logs that goes on over the course of a year, all I need to do is the count of the solar weeks inside a determined range of dates.p  pi.e. I need to calculated how many weeks have been occurred between the 1st of Aug 2011 and the 3rd of Sep 2012. and things like this.p  pIve had the idea of counting the days between the two dates and then divide by 7, but that doesnt count the fact that I could be in between weeks an in this case the value wold not be correct  precise.p  pAnybody had faced a similar issue beforep
Negative 10594 pIs there any performance benchmarking tools or best practices available for testing the mobile Web Appsp
Negative 10594 pI have a GLSurfaceView, when the user click a button, it will draw some triangles with default color. Then when the user selects a color from my inflater menu, it will redraw the triangles with that particular color.  It works in a weird way, at first it does draw the triangles, and when i select a different color, it doesnt repaint with different color. However, when i turn off my phone and turn back on, the color changed.p  pHere is my codep  precode       public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu              MenuInflater menuInflater  getMenuInflater         menuInflater.inflateR.menu.issmmenu,menu          return true          public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item              switch item.getItemId                      case R.id.menuabout                           Toast.makeTextISSM.this, ISSM Application, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                 return true              case R.id.clautumn                 colorMap.setAutumn                 drawFigure                 return true              case R.id.clbone                 colorMap.setBone                 drawFigure                 return true                  default                        return true            public void onClickView view               this.fillBuffer         drawFigure            public void drawFigure              mGLView  new MyGLSurfaceViewthis, buff, size, colorMap         frame.addViewmGLView      codepre  pI want that as soon as i hit the color in my menu, the color should change, i do not want to turn off and turn on by the way, not completely power off, just like sleep and wake upp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to write a file with data into my shared memory segment. However everything I have tried seems just to give the error Segmentation fault. I have been searching the internet for help for more then one day.p  precodeint mainint argc, char argv[].      int sm     char data     int pidatoiargv[1]     int keyatoiargv[2]     char d[1025]     datachar malloc1025       put the data in the shared memory segment     FILE filefopenargv[3], r r for read     if file0     printfCould not open file     else              whilefgetsdata, 1025, fileNULL                      fputsdata, file           putsd                         fclosefile           access shared memory      SIWUSR gives owner the write permession     sm  shmgetkey, 1024, SIWUSR      create a pointer to the shared memory segment     d   shmatsm, void 0, 0 shared memory id, shmaddr, shmflg     for int j0 jlt100 j         strcpyd[0], data      shmdtd detach the shared memory segment     remove the shared memory segment     shmctlsm, IPCRMID, NULL  codepre  pAny help would be greatly appreciated Thanks in advancep  pEDIT added mallocp  pEDIT2 maybe I should rephrase my question, my problem is to get the data into my shared memoryp
Negative 10594 pI have a problem using shadowbox inside a list. The image that im trying to use with shadowbox, is inside an li tag. I have tried to implement shadowbox on an , that is outside the list, and that is working correctly.p  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv idgallery classcontent2gt         ltnav idfiltergtltnavgt         ltsection idcontainergt             ltul idstagegt                 ltli datatagsPrint Designgtlta relshadowbox hrefimgshots1.jpggtltimg srcimgshots1.jpg altIllustration gtltagtltligt                 ltli datatagsLogo Design,Print Designgtlta relshadowbox hrefimgshots2.jpggtltimg srcimgshots2.jpg altIllustration gtltagtltligt            ltulgt         ltsectiongt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 10594 pWe currently have a Server intergration with the sagepay API, when the time comes for the card details to be entered the user is redirected to the sage pay website which displays all the information in english. Does anyone know if its possible to specify which language sage pay uses to display information on its site p
Negative 10594 precodeusrbinenv python import sys import binascii import string sample  foo.apples datafile  openfile1.py,r datfile  openfile2.txt, w for line in datafile     if sample in line         datfile.writelinesline  datfile.close codepre  pWhen I do this I am able to find the string foo.apples. The problem is codefoo.applescode is present in various lines in the python file. I want those lines which are inside a particular function. I need the lines within this def function.  p  pcodeExamplecode p  precodedef start     foo.applesa,b     foo.applesc,d ... so on.    codepre
Negative 10594 pSo, Im porting some code to WinRT, and for reasons too masochistic to explain here, Im trying to port some code that relies very, very heavily on WinSock and IPAddress, so Im writing my own implementation of IPAddress, and Im stuck on WSAStringToAddress, or, more broadly, implementing IPAddress InternalParse takes string, spits out IPAddress.p  pIt seems that everyone uses library functions, for good reason, which dont appear to exist reasonably in WinRT. And Googling it as an interview question doesnt seem to get any resultsp  pDoes anyone have a decent way of going string  IPAddress for both v6 and v4p  pEditp  pWould this work, reasonablyp  precode    private static unsafe IPAddress InternalParsestring ipString, bool tryParse              HostName hn  new HostNameipString         IPAddress ipAddr  new IPAddressGetByteshn.ToString         return ipAddr           private static byte[] GetBytesstring str              byte[] bytes  new byte[str.Length  sizeofchar]         System.Buffer.BlockCopystr.ToCharArray, 0, bytes, 0, bytes.Length         return bytes      codepre
Negative 10594 pI am currently working on a remote desktop type project, in particular I am trying to provide replacement code for the old depreceated methods that were used previously. I have managed this quite successfully, for the most part, but I seem to have reached a stumbling block.p  pAs of OSX 10.7 the method call CGDisplayBaseAddress has been depreceated a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibrarymacdocumentationGraphicsImagingReferenceQuartzServicesRefDeprecationAppendixAppendixADeprecatedAPI.html relnofollow1a. Previously this gave me the base address of the framebuffer in memory, which was used elsewhere in order to see which parts of the screen had changed and to determine what needed to be sent to the remote display. Now it returns NULL.p  pMy current solution has been to use CGDisplayCreateImage a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibrarymacdocumentationGraphicsImagingReferenceQuartzServicesRefReferencereference.htmlapplerefcfuncCGDisplayCreateImage relnofollow2a, which gives me an CGImageRef that I can then use to get a pointer to the raw data  via a CFDataRef object  for code see below for the image.p  pIs this the best way to do it Surely their must be a better way of doing itp  pTo summarise  I dont want to do any drawing to the screen or anything Im just trying to get a pointer to the first byte in memory that contains either the desktop framebuffer or  as Im currently doing the image data.p  pThanks for any help you can give p  pCurrent solution code p  precodeCFDataRef copyimagepixelsCGImageRef inImage      return CGDataProviderCopyDataCGImageGetDataProviderinImage      retbytebuffer is the byte buffer containing the pixel data for the image  void getPixelDataForImage CGImageRef image       Check image ref is not null     if image         NSLogError  image was null         return 1           Gets a CFData reference for the specified image reference     CFDataRef pixelData  copyimagepixelsimage     Gets a readonly pointer to the image data     const UInt8 pointerToData  CFDataGetBytePtrpixelData This returns a read only version     Casting to a void pointer to return, expected to be cast to a bytet      CFIndex lengthofbuffer  CFDataGetLengthpixelData     printfSize of buffer is zun,lengthofbuffer     return void pointerToData   codepre  pcode snippet for getting the CGImageRef  p  precodeosxdisp mainscreendetailsgtmainscreenid Returns CGDirectDisplayID CGImageRef screenShot  CGDisplayCreateImageosxdisp bytet imagebytedata  getPixelDataForImagescreenShot codepre  pbytet is typedefd to be a unsigned charp
Negative 10594 pHeres the problem Ive been trying to tackle for a few days.p  pI need to write a program that gets a sorted array. The program will put 999 where two adjacent blocks have the same value, and then put all the 999 in the end of the array. I need to do this without using another array and the program must be On.p  pexample inputp  pcode50,60,60,72,81,81,81,81,93,93codep  pdesired outputp  pcode50,60,72,81,93,999,999,999,999,999codep  panother example p  pcode1,1,2,3,4,4,5,6,6codep  pdesired output p  pcode1,2,3,4,5,6,999,999,999codep  pmy code. Its not working. For the first example the output is alright. for the second example i get 1,2,3,4,5,4,5,6,14568127 out of array boundsp  pmy algorithm is i walk through the array with two indexes, i and j, if a[i]a[i1] then i advance i. if they are equal, j looks for the next unique value, and puts it in a[i1].p  pId love to hear better ideas or a code to do this. in C.p  precodewhilejsize1ampampa[size1]a[i]       ifa[i]a[i1]                i          ji            ifa[i]a[i1]                ji          whilea[i]a[j]                j          a[i1]a[j]          i          ifjsize1               ji        i foriltsizei       a[i]999 codepre  pIve edited the code, now I do it as chen suggested. First i iterate through the array putting 999 where the doubles are, problem arises when I want to switch though. heres the code I wrote for resorting the array each time i put a 999 somewhere, count.p  pIts working for the two examples I gave perfectly. Thanks everyone.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltconio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include lttime.hgt void main      int a     int i0,j0,size,count0     printfEnter the size of the arrayn     scanfd, ampsize     aint callocsize,sizeofint     printfEnter d numbersn,size     fori0iltsizei         scanfd,ampa[i]     printfThe array recieved is n     fori0iltsizei         printf d , a[i]     i0     printfn     fori0iltsizei              ifa[i]a[i1]                      ji1             whilea[i]a[j]                              a[j]999                 j                          count                   whilecount0              fori0iltsize1i                      ji             ifa[j]999                              a[j]a[j1]                 a[j1]999                               count          printfThe new array is n     fori0iltsizei         printf d ,a[i]     freea     getch  codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a codegrid view of imagescode...how can I make changes in my code to make it clickable for every image.p  pHow can I recive a click event for each imagep  precode voidviewDidLoad  [super viewDidLoad]   int Columns  3 int Rows5  int space  10 int width  self.view.frame.size.widthColumnsspaceColumns int height  width int x  space int y  space   UIScrollView Scroll[[UIScrollView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMakex, y,self.view.frame.size.width, self.view.frame.size.height ] [Scroll setContentSizeCGSizeMakeColumnsspacewidthspace, Rowsspaceself.view.frame.size.heightColumnsspaceColumnsspace] Scroll.backgroundColor[UIColor yellowColor] Scroll.showsVerticalScrollIndicatorYES  forint i1 ilt30i      j       NSLogj i,j       label[[UILabel alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMakex,y,width,height]     label.backgroundColor[UIColor blueColor]      image [[UIImageView alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMakex,y,width,height]     image.image  [UIImage imageNamed                    [NSString stringWithFormatimage02ds.jpg, i1]]         [Scroll addSubviewlabel]      if iColumns  0          y  spaceheight         x  space      else          xspacewidth          [Scroll addSubviewimage]   [self.view addSubviewScroll]    codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a problem with my logout script. It works fine, if a user presses logout it kills the session and goes to logout.php where the user is told theyve been logged out.p  pBut when the browser cache is emptied or if the site should not be connected to the internet and if a user clicks the logout button it comes up with this error messagep  precodeYou have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near  at line 1 codepre  pIt fails beacause it cant set logout to 1 so i want to know how i might go about putting an else statement in somewhere to say redirect to logout.php so i dont get that horrible syntax error message.p  pHeres my codep  precodeltphp    obstart     requireincludesconfigconnection.php     requireincludesfunctions.php   gt  ltphp sessionstart  result  mysqlqueryUPDATE ptbusers SET useronlineOffline WHERE id.SESSION[userid].  or diemysqlerror  gt  ltphp      Four steps to closing a session      i.e. logging out       1. Find the session       2. Unset all the session variables     SESSION  array       3. Destroy the session cookie     ifissetCOOKIE[sessionname]          setcookiesessionname, , time42000,             4. Destroy the session     sessiondestroy      redirecttologin.phplogout1      obendflush gt codepre
Negative 10594 pData JArrayp  precode[ provinceid 1, provincename , cityid 33, cityname , jp bj, quanpin beijing ,  provinceid 1, provincename , cityid 600, cityname , jp cy, quanpin chaoyang ,  provinceid 1, provincename , cityid 601, cityname , jp tz, quanpin tongzhou ,  provinceid 1, provincename , cityid 46, cityname , jp cp, quanpin changping ,  provinceid 1, provincename , cityid 602, cityname , jp sy, quanpin shunyi ] codepre  pConditionp  pcodecityname  codep  pDesired result JObjectp  precode provinceid 1, provincename , cityid 33, cityname , jp bj, quanpin beijing  codepre  pQuestion is how to use the condition to get the result from the data with weakly typed codep
Negative 10594 pThe code runs fine if the commented portion remains commented.The while loop should run two times and it does cause there are only two rows in threads table.However,if i uncomment the commented code the while loop runs only one time which is the wrong outputp  precodesql  select threadid,timestamp from threads          ifsqlite3preparev2database, sql, 1, ampselectstmt, NULL  SQLITEOK                whilesqlite3stepselectstmt  SQLITEROW                     NSString abc  [NSString stringWithUTF8Stringchar sqlite3columntextselectstmt, 0]                 NSString def  [NSString stringWithUTF8Stringchar sqlite3columntextselectstmt, 1]                  NSLog,abc                 NSLog,def                 NSString threadidabc                 NSString sql2[NSString stringWithFormatselect  from my where tid,threadid]  Commented code begin                                 sqlite3finalizeselectstmt                   sqlite3open[path UTF8String], ampdatabase                  ifsqlite3preparev2database, [sql2 UTF8String], 1, ampselectstmt2, NULL  SQLITEOK                   int asqlite3datacountselectstmt2                    NSLogd,a                  if a1                    sql2[NSString stringWithFormatselect timestamp from my where tid,threadid]                  ifsqlite3preparev2database, [sql2 UTF8String], 1, ampselectstmt2, NULL  SQLITEOK                                    whilesqlite3stepselectstmt  SQLITEROW                      NSString abc  [NSString stringWithUTF8Stringchar sqlite3columntextselectstmt2, 0]                  NSLog,abc                                                                          ifa0                                    char error                  sql2[NSString stringWithFormatinsert into mytid,time values,,threadid,0]                    int i  sqlite3execdatabase, [sql2 UTF8String], NULL, NULL, amperror                   NSLoginserted                  sqlite3finalizeselectstmt                                                           Commented code end  program end codepre
Negative 10594 pIm making a calculator app to learn ObjectiveC and maybe improve my OO design skills a bit. In an attempt to do things more MVClike, i have separated the actual dothecalculatorstuff code from the view controller.  For every action, pretty much all the view controller does is tell the model to do the operation meant for that action.p  pThing is, that gives me a bunch of methods that do basically nothing but forward the action to the model, like thisp  precode IBActionclearAllidsender      [self.model clearAll]    IBActionclearDisplayidsender      [self.model clearDisplay]    IBActionclearMemoryidsender      [self.model clearMemory]    IBActionstoreMemoryidsender      [self.model storeMemory]    IBActionaddMemoryidsender      [self.model addMemory]    IBAction subtractMemoryidsender      [self.model subtractFromMemory]    IBActionrecallMemoryidsender      [self.model recallMemory]  codepre  pObjectiveC so far seems outrageously flexible with dynamically forwarding messages, and these methods are alike enough to look rather easily automated away.  Do they really have to be there  Or is there a less repetitive way to tell the controller to just pass certain messages through to the model ideally, while stripping off the codesendercode argp  pIve been looking a bit and trying some stuff with selectors and codeNSInvocationcode, but it seems like thatd mess with Interface Builder by taking away all the codeIBActioncode markers that let me hook up buttons to actions.  Id prefer if the view didnt have to know or care that the controllers just forwarding to the model in these cases.p  pSo, is there a less repetitive andor hacky way  Or is it not worth the trouble  Or is it a bad idea in the first place  Or is this trying to make the model do too much Or...p
Negative 10594 pI get an error on the following code and I dont understand what is wrong with it. p  pI am just trying to learn how to do this, and this was a test. p  pI cant figure out what is wrong or how to fix it.p  precodeprint Would you like to see todays weather  answer  input  if answer  yes     print Follow Link httpwww.weather.comweatherrightnowYorktownVA23693  elif answer  no     print Very well, would you like to play a guessing game     if answer  yes         import random          secret  random.randint 1, 99         guess 0         tries 0          print AHOY  Im the Dread Pirate Roberts, and I have a secret         print It is a number from 1 to 99. Ill give you 6 tries.           while guess  secret and tries lt 6             guess  inputWhats your guess              if guess lt secret                 print Too low, ye scurvy dog             elif guess gt secret                 print Too high, landlubber             tries  tries  1             if guess  secret                 print Avast Ye got it Found my secret ye did     elif answer  no         print Thank you, and goodnight. codepre
Negative 10594 pMy issue is about deploying perl Dancer webapps in apache2.2.15 on a centos 6 server. This server will provide many small web applications so Id like to use a virtual host for each app running the psgi script.p  pI tried the following configuration the server name has been defined in the dns alreadyp  precodeltVirtualHost 80gt     DocumentRoot optapp1     ServerName app1.myserver.com     ltDirectory optapp1gt         AllowOverride None         Order allow,deny         Allow from all     ltDirectorygt     ltLocation gt         SetHandler perlscript         PerlHandler PlackHandlerApache2         PerlSetVar psgiapp optapp1binapp.pl     ltLocationgt ltVirtualHostgt codepre  pusing the above will work for the server name I mentioned but will also work for the servers default url as well which I dont want to use. i.e. if I go to myserver.com it will return app1.p  pany ideas of what im doing wrongp  pThanks in advance,p
Negative 10594 pI tried run a simple class to call TRIGGER from Java code, I used H2 DB, can you help me Here is my simple code like sample code in H2p  precodepublic class TriggerTest   public static void mainString[] args throws Exception      System.out.printlnTriggerTest.MyTrigger.class.getName     Class.forNameorg.h2.Driver     Connection conn  DriverManager.getConnectionjdbch2tcplocalhostchap1, sa, sa     Statement stat  conn.createStatement     stat.executeDrop Table if exists INVOICE     stat.executeDrop Table if exists INVOICESUM     stat.executeCREATE TABLE INVOICEID INT PRIMARY KEY, AMOUNT DECIMAL     stat.executeCREATE TABLE INVOICESUMAMOUNT DECIMAL     stat.executeINSERT INTO INVOICESUM VALUES0.0     stat.executeCREATE TRIGGER INVINS AFTER INSERT ON INVOICE FOR EACH ROW CALL TriggerTest.MyTrigger.class.getName     stat.executeCREATE TRIGGER INVUPD AFTER UPDATE ON INVOICE FOR EACH ROW CALL TriggerTest.MyTrigger.class.getName     stat.executeCREATE TRIGGER INVDEL AFTER DELETE ON INVOICE FOR EACH ROW CALL  TriggerTest.MyTrigger.class.getName      stat.executeINSERT INTO INVOICE VALUES1, 10.0     stat.executeINSERT INTO INVOICE VALUES2, 19.95     stat.executeUPDATE INVOICE SET AMOUNT20.0 WHERE ID2     stat.executeDELETE FROM INVOICE WHERE ID1      ResultSet rs     rs  stat.executeQuerySELECT AMOUNT FROM INVOICESUM     rs.next     System.out.printlnThe sum is   rs.getBigDecimal1     conn.close   public static class MyTrigger implements Trigger       public void initConnection conn, String schemaName, String triggerName, String tableName, boolean before, int type           Initializing trigger           public void fireConnection conn,             Object[] oldRow, Object[] newRow             throws SQLException          BigDecimal diff  null         if newRow  null              diff  BigDecimal newRow[1]                  if oldRow  null              BigDecimal m  BigDecimal oldRow[1]             diff  diff  null  m.negate  diff.subtractm                  PreparedStatement prep  conn.prepareStatement                 UPDATE INVOICESUM SET AMOUNTAMOUNT         prep.setBigDecimal1, diff         prep.execute        codepre  pAnd errors  Exception in thread main org.h2.jdbc.JdbcSQLException Error creating or initializing trigger INVINS object, class vn.com.khangpn.core.trigger.TriggerTestMyTrigger, cause org.h2.message.DbException Class vn.com.khangpn.core.trigger.TriggerTestMyTrigger not found [90086169] see root cause for details SQL statementp
Negative 10594 pI am working on a fingerprint identification system project,Is there any free sdk available for fingerprint identification systemp
Negative 10594 pIve not used Knockout Validation and Im trying to get a feel for what can be done with it.  p  pIm trying to figure out if it is possible to display an icon rather than an error message to the right of an input tag when there is an error.  And, if the user hovers over the icon, the error message is displayed.p  pHas anyone done this or have an idea of how to accomplish thisp  pThanks.p  pEDIT more detailed example of what Im trying to dop  pSay I have the following in my view modelp  precodevar firstName  ko.observable.extendrequired true codepre  pMy HTMLp  precodeltinput databindvalue firstName gt codepre  pMy understanding is that if the first name textbox were left blank, then by default some text would be displayed to the right of the textbox stating that this field is required.p  pWhat Im trying to understand is how to change the default behavior of displaying error strongtextstrong on the right to displaying an strongiconstrong on the right which, when hovered over, will popup the error message.p  pSo, a start would be something likep  precodeltdiv databindvalidationOptions messageTemplate myCustomTemplategt         ltinput databindvalue firstName gt     ltinput databindvalue lastName gt also required ltdivgt ltdiv idmyCustomTemplategt     This icon should only display when there is an error     ltspan classuiicon uiiconalert styledisplay inlineblockgt      cssjavascript would display this when user hovers over the above icon     ltspan databindvalidationMessage field  gt   ltdivgt codepre  pI have no clue if Im using the messageTemplate feature correctly.  I also wouldnt know what to bind the text to in the customTemplate in order to display the correct error message for each error.  IOW, firstname and lastname could have custom error messages.  If they are both using the same template, how does the template accomodate the custom error messagep  pI hope that makes sense.p
Negative 10594 pI have ListBox controlWinForm project.p  pWhen I bind DataSource to the ListBox control  listBoxSelectedIndexChanged event is fired.p  pHere is the codep  ppublic Form1                      InitializeComponentp  precode        string conn consntring          SqlDataAdapter adapter  new SqlDataAdapterSELECT  FROM Colors, conn          DSColors dataSetcColors  new DSColors          adapter.FilldataSetcColors.Colors            listBox1.DisplayMember  ColorName         listBox1.ValueMember  ColorID         listBox1.DataSource  dataSetcColors.Colors           private void listBox1SelectedIndexChangedobject sender, EventArgs e             codepre  pAny idea how to prevent listBoxSelectedIndexChanged event when DataSource is boundp
Negative 10594 pIm developing a universal app and I wanted to use some of the backgrounds found on subtlepatterns.com and on downloading them Im only seeing two png files regular png amp 2x png. How do I use them both for iPhone and iPad including retina displays. Do I have to scale them to support all resolutionsp  pThanks. p
Negative 10594 pI have a list of items bound to a MvxBindableListView with a MvxItemTemplate. I usually have 4 items in my list bound to my view. Data gets updated and the view displays the new data just fineimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comxtitJ.png altenter image description here.p  pNow, I want to add two buttons to this item template. However, relative source binding is not available with MvvmCross. see imagep  pBut Im having difficulties working out a solution to this.p  pI have tried the ItemClick binding of the list item, but that only gives me 1 possibility of click and I need 2.p  pCan anyone helpp
Negative 10594 pIm new to android development and Im trying to make a simple application where i can add and view my records. I can successfully add data and view them in a table, it works ever time i run the program. Im following a hrefhttpswww.youtube.comwatchv9ewAjpqwqgamplistEC2F07DBCDCC01493A relnofollowthis tutoriala But every time i close Eclipse and try to add new data and view them, the previous information I entered was gone. it seems like when I close eclipse, it doesnt save my database. Here is the sample code Im following.p  precodepackage com.example.hotornot  import java.sql.Statement  import android.content.ContentValues import android.content.Context import android.database.Cursor import android.database.SQLException import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteOpenHelper  public class Example    public static final String KEYROWID  id public static final String KEYNAME  name public static final String KEYNUM  number  public static final String DATABASENAME  dbTry public static final String DATABASETABLE  tblSamp public static final int DATABASEVERSION  1  public DbHelper ourhelper public final Context ourcontext public SQLiteDatabase ourdatabase    class DbHelper extends SQLiteOpenHelper      public DbHelperContext context          supercontext, DATABASENAME, null, DATABASEVERSION          TODO Autogenerated constructor stub           Override     public void onCreateSQLiteDatabase arg0           TODO Autogenerated method stub         arg0.execSQLCREATE TABLE   DATABASETABLE     KEYROWID   INTEGER,   KEYNAME   NULL,   KEYNUM   NULL           Override     public void onUpgradeSQLiteDatabase arg0, int arg1, int arg2           TODO Autogenerated method stub         arg0.execSQLDROP TABLE IF EXIST   DATABASETABLE         onCreatearg0          public ExampleContext c      ourcontext  c        public Example open throws SQLException      ourhelper  new DbHelperourcontext     ourdatabase  ourhelper.getWritableDatabase     return this   public void close              ourhelper.close       public long createEntryString name, String num       TODO Autogenerated method stub      ContentValues cv  new ContentValues     cv.putKEYNAME, name     cv.putKEYNUM, num     return ourdatabase.insertDATABASETABLE, null, cv           public  String getData        TODO Autogenerated method stub      String[] columns  new String[] KEYROWID,KEYNAME, KEYNUM     Cursor c  ourdatabase.queryDATABASETABLE, columns, null, null, null, null, null     String result        int iRow  c.getColumnIndexKEYROWID     int iName  c.getColumnIndexKEYNAME     int iNum  c.getColumnIndexKEYNUM       for c.moveToFirst  c.isAfterLast c.moveToNext     result  result  c.getStringiRow    c.getStringiName     c.getStringiNum  n           return result   codepre
Negative 10594 pIve tried some ways to deploy my custom error page e.g. error.aspx onto my websitep  ul liAdded customErrors codeltcustomErrors modeOn defaultRedirecterror.aspx gtcode li liAdded httpError  codelthttpErrorsgt ltremove statusCode404 subStatusCode1 gt lterror statusCode404 prefixLanguageFilePath patherror.aspx responseModeExecuteURL gt lthttpErrorsgtcodeli ul  pCurrently, I can point this URL to my custom error pagep  pa hrefhttptest.localdev.netrandomtext.aspx relnofollowhttptest.localdev.netrandomtext.aspxap  pHowever, I failed for those kind of URL unsupported extension, for these URLs IIS will use its own 404 pagep  pa hrefhttptest.localdev.netDefault.random relnofollowhttptest.localdev.netDefault.randomap  pCould anyone help me to fix itp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI have 3 different radio button lists. Users can choose one value for each radio button list, and then it will store into mysql database. How do I store them in a single column, different row Please help Thanks.p  precodesql  sql  INSERT into ratings product, rating VALUES .key., .. result  mysqligtquerysql codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a simple UITableView with 1 section, within which an arbitrary amount of rows with custom UITableViewCells of type codeKMInputCellcode with UITextFields exist. When a user starts typing in the last blank text field, a new blank row is inserted so the user can make a listlike structure. Since I will only save the data when the view is closed, the data source is just an codeNSUIntegercode keeping track of the number of rows.p  pMy code works fine until after a user has deleted a row from the table. Then, when the user starts typing at the end of the list and a new blank row should be inserted, the inserted UITableView cell contains old data from the deleted cell. Worse, when multiple rows are deleted and then the user starts typing and one blank row should be inserted, multiple deleted rows become suddenly present.p  pHere is the codefieldChangedcode method that is called when one of the UITextFields in the cells is edited where codeself.lastcellcode returns the last cell in the sectionp  precode IBActionfieldChangedidsender       get the text field of the last row      if it has a value that is not blank, insert another row     KMInputCell lastcell  self.lastcell     if[lastcell.textField.text isEqualToString]         [self.tableView beginUpdates]         NSIndexPath newcellpath  [NSIndexPath indexPathForItem[self.tableView numberOfRowsInSection0] inSection0]         [self.tableView insertRowsAtIndexPaths[NSArray arrayWithObjectnewcellpath] withRowAnimationUITableViewRowAnimationAutomatic]         numberemails         [self.tableView endUpdates]       codepre  pHere is the codecommitEditingStylecode method that is used to delete cellsp  precode Override to support editing the table view.  voidtableViewUITableView tableView commitEditingStyleUITableViewCellEditingStyleeditingStyle forRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath      if editingStyle  UITableViewCellEditingStyleDelete           Delete the row from the data source         numberemails         [tableView deleteRowsAtIndexPaths[indexPath] withRowAnimationUITableViewRowAnimationFade]             else if editingStyle  UITableViewCellEditingStyleInsert           Create a new instance of the appropriate class, insert it into the array, and add a new row to the table view           codepre  h2Additionh2  pHere is codecellForRowAtIndexPathcodep  precode UITableViewCell tableViewUITableView tableView cellForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath      static NSString CellIdentifier  addemailprototype     UITableViewCell cell  [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierCellIdentifier forIndexPathindexPath]       Configure the cell...      return cell  codepre
Negative 10594 pThe best way I can describe what Im after is by starting with a simplified demo codepagecode documentp  precode     name Page Name     blocks          topcontent 50f0ded99561a3b211000001,         bottomcontent 50f0ded99561a3b211000002       codepre  pIs there a way I can define this kind of manytomany relation with mongoose so that I can look them up by string keys like codetopcontentcode and codebottomcontentcode  The relational equivalent to this would be something like including a string on the many to many join table.p  pImportantp  ul liI dont want to embed the blocks Im referencing as they could be referenced by multiple pages.li ul
Negative 10594 pId like to use the Visualizer class to capture system wide audio in a specific format.  44.1khz, 16 bits, Stereop  pI cant figure out how to request a certain format be returned to me.  I can get a hack to work in gingerbread and earlier to return audio formatted in 16 bits, but still no stereo.  Any ideas StackOverflowp
Negative 10594 pHow do you replace values in a string which match an entry in array with the same value but with a  in front of it p  precodetest  Mike D array,,, codepre  pAs   are in the array test should equal codeMike Dcodep  pSo basically replacing the item with item same item prefixed with p
Negative 10594 pBasically what Ive done is making a simple animation that moves a rectangle the xaxis while the enter key is being held down. This works fine, but the problem is that when you press the enter key the rectangle seems to jump foward about 10px or so. Not sure what is causing this.p  precodeevent listener window.addEventListenerkeydown, onKeyDown, false window.addEventListenerkeyup, onKeyUp, false  function onKeyDownevent     var keyCode  event.keyCode     switchkeyCode         case 13  enter          key  true         break         function onKeyUpevent     var keyCode  event.keyCode     switchkeyCode         case 13  enter         key  false         break        neccessary variables var tick  0 var key  false  main animation function function drawStuff window.requestAnimationFramedrawStuff var canvas  document.getElementByIdmyCanvas var c  canvas.getContext2d  ifkey  true     c.clearRect0,0,500,500     c.fillStyle  blue     c.fillRecttick,0,100,100  else   tick    window.requestAnimationFramedrawStuff codepre  pAny help is appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pI have a simple personal MVC4 web app that is hosted in Windows Azure.p  pThis web app is very minimal in use, the initial call is very slow specially when I tried to click in the morning. p  pIm suspecting that the IIS is sleeping and need to wake up. I found this article and mention that this is a bug in IIS a hrefhttpsocial.msdn.microsoft.comForumsenUSwcfthread8b3258e7261c49a0888c0b3e68b2af13 relnofollowhttpsocial.msdn.microsoft.comForumsenUSwcfthread8b3258e7261c49a0888c0b3e68b2af13a which required setting up in IIS but my web app is hosted in Azure, is there any way to do some sort of setting in Web.config filep  pAll succeeding calls are fast. p  pHere is my personal page. a hrefhttpjavierdelacruz.com relnofollowjavierdelacruz.comap  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pHow to create templates in primefaces mobile, since the root tag is fview, and not the html.p
Negative 10594 pId like to display a certain value in a button upon selected something from my spinner. But its not doing its thing. Please have a look on my codingsp  precode public void onItemSelectedAdapterViewltgt parent, View arg1, int position,         long arg3       TODO Autogenerated method stub     selected  parent.getItemAtPositionposition.toString     int index  parent.getSelectedItemPosition      ifindex  0         strCalories  188 calories         calories.setTextstrCalories          else if  index  1          strCalories  185 calories         calories.setTextstrCalories          else if  index  2          strCalories  126 calories         calories.setTextstrCalories          else if  index  3          strCalories  149 calories         calories.setTextstrCalories          else if  index  4          strCalories  81 calories         calories.setTextstrCalories          else if  index  5          strCalories  66 calories         calories.setTextstrCalories          else if  index  6          strCalories  46 calories         calories.setTextstrCalories          else if  index  7          strCalories  89 calories         calories.setTextstrCalories                 public void onClickView v       TODO Autogenerated method stub          switch v.getId      case R.id.btBreadWhiteSave         String mealname  selected          String servng  calories.getText.toString          if   mealname.isEmpty  servng.isEmpty                 call for custom toast             viewErrorToast                   else           boolean didItWork  true          try              BreakFastLog entry  new BreakFastLogBreadWhite.this             entry.open              entry.createEntrymealname, servng              entry.close                          catchException e                 didItWork  false                 viewErrorToast             finally                 if didItWork                     viewBMRSavedToast                                          end of if else statement         break codepre  pmy layoutp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidorientationvertical androidbackgrounddrawableihealthfirst gt  ltinclude     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     layoutlayouttabsmenu gt  ltTextView     androidididtvWhiteBread     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidtextstringwhitebread     androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceLarge gt  ltSpinner     androidididspWhiteBread     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidpromptstringwhitebreadprompt     androidentriesarraywhitebreadarrays gt  ltTextView     androidididbtBreadWhiteCalories     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent gt  ltButton     androidididbtBreadWhiteSave     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidtextstringsave gt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pWhat am I missing in here Please help me find what went wrong here. thanks.p
Negative 10594 pI am working on a IPv6 network application, built using C.p  pNow as per my requirements, I need to fill default address of my packet with link local address of system.p  pIs there any functionlibrary avaliable in codeglibccode for the purpose.p  pI know I can do this using codesystemcode command and running a script that can access codeifcfgeth0code from system but I guess that would not be advisible.p  pI am new to all this socket stuff so please excuse if missing something trivial.p  pstrongEdit strongp  pOS  linuxp  pand this is actually an open source implementation codesendipcode built using raw C socket programming. Now, I am modifying it acc. to my requirements.p  pa hrefhttpsnad.ncsl.nist.govipv6sendip.html relnofollowhttpsnad.ncsl.nist.govipv6sendip.htmlap
Negative 10594 pHow do I proceed in terms of Hibernate Annotation JPA when a tables primary key column is a foreign key to another table with no autoincrement MySQL.p  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to create jar where I can read a config file outside the jar file. Preferably from the directory where the jar file is located. My directory structure is as followsp  precodesrcmainresourcesconfig codepre  pI have a maven project that I run mvn install on to create a jar file.p  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltplugingt             lt Build an executable JAR gt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.pluginsltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtmavenjarpluginltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.4ltversiongt             ltconfigurationgt                 ltarchivegt                     ltmanifestgt                         ltaddClasspathgttrueltaddClasspathgt                         ltclasspathPrefixgtlibltclasspathPrefixgt                         ltmainClassgtcom.expedia.e3.qm.perforce.audit.MainltmainClassgt                     ltmanifestgt                     ltmanifestEntriesgt                         ltClassPathgtconfigconfig.xmlltClassPathgt                     ltmanifestEntriesgt                 ltarchivegt                 ltexcludesgt                     ltexcludegtconfigltexcludegt                 ltexcludesgt             ltconfigurationgt         ltplugingt codepre  pRight now I am manually moving my config folder from targetclassesconfig to targetconfig I have researched the maven assembly plugin however I have tried all the different configurations of it and I was unable to get it to output only to targetconfig it would always output targetaudit1.0config where audit1.0 is my maven project name. p  pI am using Intellij IDEA to debug my program and to buildinstall the maven project. p  pIn code I am trying to access the file via p  precodeInputStream stream  Class.class.getResourceAsStreamconfigconfig.xml codepre  pWhich works when I run it in the IDE however when I run it from the command linep  precodejava jar .audit1.0.jar codepre  pIt throws an error after trying to access inputStreamp  precodeException in thread main java.lang.NullPointerException codepre  pI understand that configconfig.xml should point to targetaudit1.0.jarconfigconfig.xml. However, I would like it to point to targetconfigconfig.xmlp  pAny ideas Is this even possiblep
Negative 10594 pThis should be trivial. Yet I dont feel 100 sure about my trick.p  pI have a list of lists lol  that captures edge relationships between nodes of a graph. Lets say I have a emdirectedem graph with 4 nodes labeled 0, 1, 2, 3. The edges are 0,2,0,3,1,0,1,3,2,1 and so the adjacency lol call it codeacode isp  precodea  [[2,3],[0,3],[1],[]] codepre  pI want to find the incidence lol now, i.e. a list of lists which indicate which nodes are incident on which nodes. For this example, the incidence lol call it codebcode would bep  precode[[1], [2], [0], [0, 1]] codepre  pI tried the following codep  precodeb  [[],[],[],[]] [b[j].appendi for i,x in enumeratea for j in x] codepre  pThis gives me the right incidence matrix codebcode.p  pThe second step, although works, should ideally be codeb[j].appendi for i,x in enumeratea for j in xcode, without the opening code[code and closing code]code. But Python interpreter cries syntax error without it. Is there a better way of phrasing itp
Negative 10594 pHow do I set up a Controllershow layouts OK button so that it will codelinkto rootpathcode if the user is coming through the codenewcode  codecreatecode actions p  pembutemp  pif user is viewing a list of already existing resources effectively an index, then clicks on one to see the Controllershow details, then the OK button will now take them back to the previous page index p  pIm using codestorelocationcode and coderedirectbackordefaultcode helper methods to handle codeloginrequiredcode for certain controllers including this controller. Can this be adopted to also work with my issue above Or is there a better way p  pIn a nutshell, I think the button wants to codelinkto OK, backcode unless the previous action was the create or signin action.p  pI dont think we need to involve the codesessioncode because the link doesnt need to persist. Its just one thing if its coming from an index and another if its coming from create or signin...just not sure how to do it.p
Negative 10594 pI have this code in the beginning of my SWF witch is a banner ad. p  precodevar idString  root.loaderInfo.parameters.id var rURLRequest  new URLRequestjavascriptexpandEaFloating  id   navigateToURLr,self codepre  pSo this code is calling a java script function witch is opening the floating banner so it can be visible. p  pThen when the animation is over it has to be closed with this code  p  precodevar idString  root.loaderInfo.parameters.id var rURLRequest  new URLRequestjavascriptcollapseEaFloating  id   navigateToURLr,self codepre  pIve put this code in frame 500 where my animation stops, and shows me   there is an conflict exist with definition id and r in namespace internal.  p
Negative 10594 pI have an actor in Akka that will process messages to create certain entities. Some fields on these entities are computed based on the state of other entities in the database at the moment of creation.p  pI would like to avoid creating a race condition where the actor processing goes faster than the database is able to persist the entities. This may lead to inconsistent data, going likep  ul liActor creates a codeFoocode and sends it to other actors for further processing and savingli liThe actor is asked to create another codeFoocode. Since the first one is not yet saved, the new one is created based on the old content of the DB, thereby creating a wrong codeFoocode.li ul  pNow, this possibility is quite remote, since the creation of the codeFoocodes will be triggered manually. But it is still conceivable that a double click may cause problems under high load. And who knows if tomorrow codeFoocode will be created automatically.p  pHence, what I need is some way to tell the actor to wait, and resume its operations only after confirmation that the codeFoocodes have been saved.p  blockquote   pIs there a way to put an actor in idle state, and tell it to resume its operations after a whilep blockquote  pBasically, I would like to use the mailbox as a message queue, and have control over the processing speed of the queue.p
Negative 10594 pI would like to build pandas from source rather than use a package manager because I am interested in contributing. strongThe first timestrong I tried to build pandas, these were the steps I tookp  p1 created the virtualenv codemkvirtualenv nositepackages pandascodep  p2 activated the virtualenvp  p3 installed Anaconda CE. However, this was installed in anaconda.p  p4 cloned pandasp  p5 built C extensions in placep  pcodepandasems .virtualenvspandaslocalrepopandasgt anacondabinpython setup.py buildext inplacecodep  p6 built pandasp  pcodepandasems .virtualenvspandaslocalrepopandasgt anacondabinpython setup.py buildcodep  p7 ran nosetests on master branchp  pTests failed pandasems .virtualenvspandaslocalrepopandas nosetests pandas     E          ERROR Failure ValueError numpy.dtype has the wrong size, try recompiling          Traceback most recent call last     File UsersEmilyChen.virtualenvspandaslibpython2.7sitepackagesnoseloader.py,     line 390, in loadTestsFromName     addr.filename, addr.module     File UsersEmilyChen.virtualenvspandaslibpython2.7sitepackagesnoseimporter.py, line 39, in importFromPath     return self.importFromDirdirpath, fqname     File UsersEmilyChen.virtualenvspandaslibpython2.7sitepackagesnoseimporter.py, line 86, in importFromDir     mod  loadmodulepartfqname, fh, filename, desc     File UsersEmilyChen.virtualenvspandaslocalrepopandaspandasstronginitstrong.py, line 6, in      from . import hashtable, tslib, lib     File numpy.pxd, line 156, in init pandas.hashtable pandashashtable.c20354     ValueError numpy.dtype has the wrong size, try recompilingp  hr  pRan 1 test in 0.001sp  pFAILED errors1p  pSomeone on the PyData mailing list saidp  blockquote   pIt looks like you have NumPy installed someplace else on your machine and AnacondaCE is not playing nicely in the virtualenv. The error you are getting is a Cython error message which occurs when the NumPy version it built against doesnt match the installed version on your system I had thought that 1.7.x was supposed to be ABI compatible with 1.6.x so this would not happen but I guess not. Sighp blockquote  pThe numpy version in Anaconda CE library is 1.7.0b2 and my system numpy installation is version 1.5.1. Setup.py linked to the numpy in the Anaconda distributions libraries when it built pandas but my guess is its linking to my system version when nosetests runs pandasstronginitstrong.pyp  pstrongNextstrong, I repeated the steps outside a virtualenv, but got the same error. strongFinallystrong, I decided to install all the dependencies in a new virtualenv instead of using the Anaconda distribution to build pandas. This way, I can see that dependencies like numpy reside in the lib directory of the virtualenv python installation, which takes precedent when pandas.stronginitstrong runs import statements. This is what I didp  p1 installed numpy, dateutil, pytz, cython, scipy, matplotlib and openpyxl using pipp  p2 built c extensions in placep  p3 pandas install output here a hrefhttppastebin.com3CKf1f9ihttppastebin.com3CKf1f9iap  p4 pandas did not install correctlyp  precodepandasems .virtualenvspandaslocalrepopandasgt python Python 2.7.1 r27186832, Jul 31 2011, 193053  [GCC 4.2.1 Based on Apple Inc. build 5658 LLVM build 2335.15.00] on darwin Type help, copyright, credits or license for more information. gtgtgt import pandas  cannot import name hashtable Traceback most recent call last File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt File pandasinit.py, line 6, in ltmodulegt from . import hashtable, tslib, lib ImportError cannot import name hashtable codepre  pI took a look at a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions14422976python33importerrorcannotimportnamehashtablethis questiona but cython installed in my case, and I am trying to build successfully from source rather than using pip like the answer recommended..p  precodepandasems .virtualenvspandaslocalrepopandasgt which cython UsersEmilyChen.virtualenvspandasbincython codepre
Negative 10594 pI need to open load  display web page in email   not to send html of page in email like iframe not wokring in email. Also wanted to enable codeJScode in it.p  pFrom my research  knowledge , i didnt found any possible ways, but is there any hack , that might possible to make this happen.p  pPlease help me on this.p
Negative 10594 pI am developing an iOS app for iPad that needs to play videos in some part of the screen. I have several video files that needs to be played after each other in an order that is not given at compile time. It must looks as if it is just one video playing. It is fine that when going from one video to the next that is some delay where the last or first frame of the two videos are shown, but there should be no flickering or white screens with no content. The videos does not contain audio. It is important to take memory usage into account. The videos have a very high resolution and several different video sequences can be played next to each other at the same time.p  pIn order to obtain this I have tried a few solutions for far. They are listed belowp  h2strong1. AVPlayer with AVComposition with all the videos in itstrongh2  pIn this solution I have an AVPlayer that will use only on AVPlayerItem made using a AVComposition containing all the videos put in next to each other. When going to specific videos I seek to the time in the composition where the next video start.The issue with this solution is that when seeking the player will quickly show some of the frames that it is seeking by, which is not acceptable. It seems that there is no way to jump directly to a specific time in the composition. I tried solving this by making an image of the last frame in the video that just finished, then show that in front of the AVPLayer while seeking, and finally remove it after seeking was done. I am making the image using AVAssetImageGenerator, but for some reason the quality of the image is not the same as the video, so there is notable changes when showing and hiding the image over the video. Another issue is that the AVPlayer uses a lot of memory because a single AVPlayerItem holds all the videos.p  h2strong2. AVPlayer with multiple AVPlayerItemsstrongh2  pThis solution uses a AVPlayerItem for each video and the replaces the item of the AVPlayer when switching to a new video. The issue with this is that when switching the item of a AVPlayer it will show a white screen for a short time while loading the new item. To fix this the solution with putting an image in front with the last frame while loading could be used, but still with the issue that the quality of image and video is different and notable.p  h2strong3. Two AVPlayers on top of each other taking turns to play AVPlayerItemstrongh2  pThe next solution I tried was having two AVPlayer on top of each other that would take turns playing AVPlayerItems. So When on of the players is done playing it will stay on the last frame of the video. The other AVPlayer will be brought to the front with its item set to nil, so it is transparent, and the next AVPlayerItem will be inserted in that AVPlayer. As soon as it is loaded it will start playing and the illusion of smooth transaction between the two videos will be intact. The issue with this solution is the memory usage. In some cases I need to play two videos on the screen at the same time, which will result in 4 AVPlayers with a loaded AVPlayerItem at the same time. This is simply too much memory since the videos can be in a very high resolution.p  hr  pDoes anyone have some thoughts, suggestions, comments or something concerning the overall problem and the tried solutions posted above.p
Negative 10594 pFirst of all, Im very new to the ASP.NET MVC C and EF. Im in a process of creating a website that should hopefully help me learn these three wonderful technologies. with that said, I have the following models in my project.p  precode[TableUserProfile] public class UserProfile      [Key]     [DatabaseGeneratedAttributeDatabaseGeneratedOption.Identity]     public int UserId  get set      public string UserName  get set      public string FirstName  get set      public string Lastname  get set      public string EmailAddress  get set      public string PhoneNumber  get set      public bool ChangePassword  get set      public bool Deletable  get set       Add more Properties for more fields      public virtual ICollectionltCompanyInformationgt ParentCompanies  get set      public virtual StaffProfile sProfile  get set   codepre  pAndp  precodepublic class StaffProfile      [Key]     [DatabaseGeneratedAttributeDatabaseGeneratedOption.Identity]     public int StaffProfileId  get set      public UserProfile User  get set      public string Alias  get set      public StaffGrouping Group  get set      public ICollectionltPhoneNumbergt PhoneNumbers  get set      public bool isPhoneNumberDisplayed  get set      public bool TextNotificationsAllowed  get set      public bool EmailNotificationsAllowed  get set      public bool PhoneNotificationsAllowed  get set   codepre  pand just for completeness, the phone numbers modelp  precodepublic class PhoneNumber      public int id  get set      public string Number  get set      public string Extension  get set      public PhoneType Type  get set      public bool isPrimary  get set      public bool isInActive  get set    public enum PhoneType       Home,     Mobile,     Work,     Other      codepre  pI am trying to add a new user with the staff profile like below using a repositoryp  precode    public void CreateNewClientAccountRegisterViewModel model              using db                      WebSecurity.CreateUserAndAccountmodel.UserName, model.Password             var user  db.UserProfiles.IncludeParentCompanies.Whereu gt u.UserName  model.UserName.FirstOrDefault              user.FirstName  model.FirstName             user.Lastname  model.Lastname             user.EmailAddress  model.EmailAddress             user.ChangePassword  false             user.Deletable  false              var StaffProfile  new StaffProfile              StaffProfile.Alias  model.FirstName.Substring0, 1  model.Lastname              var phoneNumber  new PhoneNumber              phoneNumber.Type  PhoneType.Work             phoneNumber.Number  model.PhoneNumber             phoneNumber.isPrimary  true             phoneNumber.isInActive  false             phoneNumber.Extension  string.Empty              StaffProfile.PhoneNumbers  new ListltPhoneNumbergt              StaffProfile.PhoneNumbers.AddphoneNumber              user.sProfile  StaffProfile               user.ParentCompanies.Addnew CompanyInformation                              companyName  model.CompanyName,                 contactFirstName  model.FirstName,                 contactLastName  model.Lastname,                 contactPhoneNumber  model.PhoneNumber,                 displayPhoneNumber  true,                 displayAddress  true,                 allowSearchEngines  true                           db.Entryuser.State  System.Data.EntityState.Modified             db.SaveChanges                    if Roles.RoleExistsClients                      Roles.CreateRoleClients                   Roles.AddUserToRolemodel.UserName, Clients          WebSecurity.Loginmodel.UserName, model.Password       codepre  pI am getting the following error when the code calls the codedb.SaveChangescodep  precodeA dependent property in a ReferentialConstraint is mapped to a storegenerated column. Column StaffProfileId. codepre  pWhat does this mean I can not find the solution here and have spent quite a long time on it. any help would be much appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pi need to parse a XML document wich has same tag names. Im giving you a sample of this code to see what i want to do..p  precodeltSystemDatagt   ltSystemNamegtxmlexampleltSystemNamegt   ltSchoolsgt     ltSchoolgt       ltSchoolNamegtSCHOOL1ltSchoolNamegt       ltClassesgt     ltClassgt       ltClassNamegtACLASSltClassNamegt     ltClassgt       ltClassesgt       ltClassesgt     ltClassgt       ltClassNamegtBCLASSltClassNamegt     ltClassgt       ltClassesgt     ltSchoolgt      ltSchoolgt       ltSchoolNamegtSCHOOL2ltSchoolNamegt       ltClassesgt     ltClassgt       ltClassNamegtCCLASSltClassNamegt     ltClassgt       ltClassesgt     ltSchoolgt   ltSchoolsgt ltSystemDatagt codepre  pthe result i want isp  precodeSCHOOL1 ACLASS BCLASS  SCHOOL2 CCLASS codepre  pIm trying with for loops but it gets me for every school all the classes..p  pmy code so far p  precodeNodeList schoolist  doc.getElementsByTagNameSchool int num  schoolist.getLength  for int temp  0 temp lt num temp      Node nNode  schoolist.itemtemp     if nNode.getNodeType  Node.ELEMENTNODE          Element eElement  Element schoolist.itemtemp         Node schoolname  eElement.getFirstChild          System.out.printlnschoolname   eElement.getElementsByTagNameClassName.item0.getTextContent           NodeList Classlist  doc.getElementsByTagNameMethod     int num1  Classlist.getLength      for int i  0 i lt num1 i           Node nNode1  Classlist.itemi          if nNode1.getNodeType  Node.ELEMENTNODE              Element eElement1  Element Classlist.itemi             Node Classname  eElement1.getFirstChild             System.out.printlnClassname   eElement1.getElementsByTagNameClassName.item0.getTextContent                 codepre
Negative 10594 pI really do apologise for the simplicity of this question I seem to be having some sort of memory lapsep  pIf models.wherecolour  green.count gives the number of models with colour attribute green, how do I count the number of models which have a colour at allp  pmodels.wherecolour  true.count clearly not right...p  pThanks in advance for any help on thisp
Negative 10594 pI have some dropdown menus that work great in everything but IE7, unfortunately my boss runs IE8 in compatibility mode so he wants them fixed... Im not sure what the issue isp  precode.mmainnav li ul  display none top 24px left 41px float left width 190px zindex 999999 position absolute background none backgroundcolor none opacity .9  .mmainnav lihover gt ul display block  .mmainnav li ul li  minwidth 180px padding 0 backgroundimage none textdecoration none border solid 1px bfa049 bordertop0px verticalalign bottom codepre  pThanks p
Negative 10594 pI have a complex java application running on a large dataset. The application performs reasonably fast but as time goes it seems to eat lots of memory and slow down. Is there a way to run the JVM garbage collector without restarting the applicationp
Negative 10594 pWe use AFNetworking a hrefhttpsgithub.comAFNetworkingAFNetworking relnofollowhttpsgithub.comAFNetworkingAFNetworkinga in our app and NSOperationStack a hrefhttpsgithub.comnicklockwoodNSOperationStack relnofollowhttpsgithub.comnicklockwoodNSOperationStacka to set dependencies so that last operation gets priority over the rest in the queue stack behavior. I am running into an issue when start method of AFURLConnectionOperation gets called, but operations isReady method returns NO because of the dependencies. This makes start exit immediately. After the very first attempt to start operation, start method never gets called again, thus the operation never reaches isFinished state, never gets deleted from the queue and eventually operations like that jam the queue. I would appreciate any thought on this matter. Thank youp  pMore info none of the operations got cancelled and i dont see any dependency circles in the queue. We use setLIFODependendenciesForOperation on existing operationQueue not changing AFNetworking code [self.operationQueue setLIFODependendenciesForOperationoperation]p  pUpdate Now, thinking more about it, is it possible to have zero dependencies at one point and having isReady return YES when NSOperationQueue decides that operation is ready, but, by the time, start gets invoked the number of dependencies changes to 1 or more.p
Negative 10594 pI have set up a ASP.NET Web service that I have tested on the server through the autogenerated service webpage.p  pBut I cant post data to it correctly by an iOS app.  Im getting no errors but its also not ever firing the method of the web service.p  pPlease help..p  precodeNSURL siteURL  [NSURL URLWithStringhttpserver...IOSDataWebServiceService1.asmxoptestMethod] NSMutableURLRequest request  [NSMutableURLRequest requestWithURLsiteURL] [request setHTTPMethodPOST] [request setValueapplicationxwwwformurlencoded forHTTPHeaderFieldcontenttype] NSString postString  fieldToAddTestString [request setHTTPBody[postString dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]] [request setValuepostString forHTTPHeaderFieldContentLength] [NSURLConnection connectionWithRequestrequest delegateself] codepre
Negative 10594 pemstrong[EDIT, Completely rephrased] Seems like my question was poorly worded indeed, and poorly received too. So I hope that this complete rephrasing helps...emstrong p  pMSDN tells clearly specifies a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.windows.forms.control.begininvoke.aspxControl.BeginInvokea Executes a delegate on the thread that the controls handle was created on, normally this would be the GUI thread. And a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.windows.threading.dispatcher.begininvoke.aspxDispatcher.BeginInvokea will run on the thread where the Dispatcher object was created. This would be any thread created by me.p  pBut for delegates emthe a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrary2e08f6yc28vvs.11029.aspxCLR automatically definesa BeginInvoke and EndInvokeem and these calls run on a ThreadPoolthread instead. Apart from this slightly surprising different behaviour I wonder how I can find the specs of all functions that automatically get implemented. p  pFor example Intellisense shows that my delegate has a DynamicInvoke. Class a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryy22acf51.aspxSystem.Delegatea does have a DynamicInvoke which might imply that my delegate inherits it. But Delegate has no BeginInvoke. And Delegate has several functions that my delegate has not. Also my delegate gets a GetObjectData method. And this seems to come from ISerializable.  p  pSo in conclusion, a delegate appears gets its methods from 1 the CLR automatically, 2 some subset of Delegate possibly MulticastDelegate, and possibly 3 ISerializble. strongWhere can I find a comprehensive specification of all methods a delegate gets Especially interesting is BeginInvoke, and its exact signature,strong as the two aforementioned methods with that name have different sets of signatures.p  p[Someone suggested in an edit that a delegate is a Delegate. I daresay, it is not.]p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pSo my question is pretty straight forward can 98kHz audio files be played on iOS devices If someone has a link on tech specs I would really appreciate it.p
Negative 10594 pThere is a need to add item to particular file types context menu. In Windows 7 and previous versions thats done by addingp  precodeHKEYCLASSESROOTltextensiongtshellltcommandnamegtcommand codepre  pkey with value of p  precodeltpathtoappgt 1 codepre  pto registry. In Windows 8 that doesnt work. Even after deleting PersistentHandler key of respective type  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comdkZfC.jpg altregistry screenshotp  pWhats interesting, if shellcommand keys are written in codeHKEYCLASSESROOTcode section, context menu item appears in menu for all files as expected, but thats a huge overhead in case what I need is add my application to only 23 filetypes without breaking any existing associations. Im using codeMicrosoft.Win32.Registry.ClassesRootcode in C to implement this logic, but the problem is definitely not in code because a it works in Windows 7 b manual editing with administrator previledges in Windows 8 doesnt add needed association.p
Negative 10594 pI need to disable touchevent handling for a listview but allow its children to receive clicks. I have a frame layout which has a mapview and the listview over it. When the list is empty, I want the map to handle all touch events but when the list is filled, I want the list items to receive clickevents.p
Negative 10594 pI have developed a custom component that needs to gain focus when I tab through a main codeCompositecode. How do I go about doing thatp
Negative 10594 pI have admin.py as followsp  precode  class profilesAdminadmin.ModelAdmin      listdisplay  [type,username,domainname] codepre  pNow i want to perform some action before deleting the object.p  precode  class profilesAdminadmin.ModelAdmin      listdisplay  [type,username,domainname]       receiverpredelete, senderprofile     def profiledeletesender, instance, kwargs       filenameobject.profilename.xml       os.removeos.path.joinobject.type,filename codepre  pIf i use delete signal method like this I get an error saying self should be the first parameter. How can I modify the above function And I want to retrieve the profilename of the object being deleted. How can this be donep  pI also tried overriding deletemodel methodp  precodedef deletemodelself, request, object     filenameobject.profilename.xml     os.removeos.path.joinobject.type,filename     object.delete codepre  pBut this dosent work if multiple objects have to be deleted at one shot.p
Negative 10594 pI am a big fan of DRY coding, and I like to avoid boiler plate code as much as possible. Hence I have refactored all of my WCF channel faff into an AOP class, which deals with the lifecycle of the WCF channel.p  pI also am a big fan of asyncawait, especially with WCF, as it would in theory free up a thread that would normally be sleepwaiting for the response.p  pSo I created an interceptor in the fluentAOP lib p  precode    private static object InvokeOnChannelIMethodInvocation methodInvocation              var proxy  factory.CreateChannel         var channel  IChannel proxy         try                      channel.Open             var ret  methodInvocation.Method.Invokeproxy, methodInvocation.Arguments             channel.Close             return ret                  catch FaultException ex                      if ex.InnerException  null                 throw ex.InnerException             throw                  catchException                      channel.Abort             throw               codepre  pHowever, when thinking a little about the solution I noted that in the case of a WCF contract of the formp  precode[ServiceContract] public interface IFoo      [OperationContract]     Taskltintgt GetInt  codepre  pGetInt would have unexpected results. Firstly the catch FaultException would do nothing. Secondly I would be closing the channel before the request returns. I could in theory switch to another code path if the return type is of Task. But I cant figure out how to await the results of a Tasklt and then return an awaitable.p  pThis of course is especially difficult since with runtime AOP I would not have access be able to use generics of the return type without the whole bodge of reflection.p  pAny ideas how to implement this function as an awaitable, which closes the channel on complete and catchesmarshals exceptions to the calling threadp
Negative 10594 pI am working on program in Java that can connect to PostgreSQL multiple databases. Problem occurs when I want to reconnect to other database on the same server. I am using JDBC postgresql driver and whenever I try to close old connection and create new I get an exceptionp  pcodeorg.postgresql.util.PSQLException Something unusual has occured to cause the driver to fail. Please report this exception.codep  pIs there any way to reconnect to other database p
Negative 10594 pI have a edittext field in activityX.xml. I have a button B in activtyX.xml. On clicking button B i need to assign a value to edittext field. How to dop
Negative 10594 pI cant create a proper pagination system using laravel 4. I have the following models and function that return collectionsp  pModel Restaurantp  precodepublic function fooditem      return thisgthasManyFooditem,restid  public function getrestfoodsid     return RestaurantfindidgtfooditemgttoArray  codepre  pThe second function returns all food items for a certain restaurant as an array. I also use this in an API call.p  pin my controller i have this   p  precode food  foodgtgetrestfoodsid  paginator  Paginatormakefood, 10, 5 codepre  pI pass the paginator to the view and it shows the links ok but also shows all my item from the food array.p  pI tried using p  precodepublic function getrestfoodsid         return Restaurantfindidgtfooditemgtpaginate5      codepre  pbut i get an error p  blockquote   pFatalErrorException Error Call to undefined method IlluminateDatabaseEloquentCollectionpaginatep blockquote  pI searched this and many other sites but cant understant how to paginate a collection.p  pThanks for your helpp
Negative 10594 pIve been looking around all day, but I havent been able to fix the problem Ive got with my chat client here. p  pHeres the issue I recently decided to change the client so that it would allow the user to input any message they wanted without having to wait for a reply first blocking or something stops my program until a reply is inp  pI decided to use the select.select module to do so, but after writing a couple different versions of my client today trying to get it to work, I keep getting stuck at this one point.p  pWhenever I enter a message, the loop gets stuck somewhere, probably at .recv data how can I fix this Nothing I try gets it to go by that.p  pEdit To be more clear, when I run, I get to the point where I input the message, hit enter and then nothing happens at all. It just stays running like that.p  precodefrom socket import  import select import sys because why not  printNew Chat Client Using Select Module  HOST  inputHost  PORT  intinputPort   s  socketAFINET,SOCKSTREAM  printTrying to connect.... s.connectHOST,PORT s.setblocking0  Not including setblocking0 because select handles that.  printYou just connected to,HOST,   Lets now try to handle the client a different way  while True     Incomingdata  [s]     Exportabledata  []      Exceptions  []     Userinput  inputYour message       rlist,wlist,xlist  select.selectIncomingdata,Exportabledata,Exceptions      if Userinput  True         Exportabledata  [Userinput]      for i in rlist         data  i.recv1024         if data               continue      for i in wlist         if Exportabledata is True             i.sendExportabledata             continue codepre  pIs there any way I can override the blocking that I presume is the problem when its set to receive data Wont s.setblocking0 make it so it wont block With or without it still gets stuck p  pThanks for taking a lookp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to make an SQL query, that shows the categories as well as a count for how many threads are in the category.p  pThis is what I gotp  precodeSELECT categories.categoryname, categories.categoryid, COUNT  AS threadCount FROM threads      RIGHT OUTER JOIN categories      ON categories.categoryid  threads.threadcategoryid GROUP BY categories.categoryname, categories.categoryid codepre  pIt kinda works, however, the result in threadCount will always be greater or equal to 1, even if there are no threads in there.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comYF1I4.png altenter image description herep  pAs you can see in this image above, every category seems to have a thread attached to it. But the thing is, only Category 1 has threads, all other Categories have 0 threads attached, so they should display 0 instead of 1.p
Negative 10594 pHey All can u please help me in clearing following error  I am getting this when I am running Mapreduce job fopr inserting data into hbase tables from hdfs files. using codeHFileOutputFormat.classcode , earlier i ran the same using codeMultiTableOutputFormat.classcode it was working fine , but it was taking so much time while inserting data into hbase tables .p  pSo can u please help me ...           ememp  blockquote   pjob.setMapOutputKeyClassImmutableBytesWritable.class             job.setMapOutputValueClassPut.class             job.setInputFormatClassTextInputFormat.classbr             job.setOutputFormatClassHFileOutputFormat.class             job.setMapperClassMap.class      HTable hTable  new    HTableconf,ARK3000                      HFileOutputFormat.configureIncrementalLoadjob, hTablep      pERROR security.UserGroupInformation PriviledgedActionException   asreddym authSIMPLE   causeorg.apache.hadoop.mapred.InvalidJobConfException Output   directory not set. Exception in thread main   org.apache.hadoop.mapred.InvalidJobConfException Output directory not   set.p blockquote  pThanks Madhusudhana Reddyp
Negative 10594 pI have a flag in my database called published, I set this to 1 for a published row. My question is , is there a way to set all other rows to 0 and set a particular row to 1 with just one query.p  pAt the moment im usingp  precodedbgtqueryUPDATE mytable SET published  0 dbgtqueryUPDATE mytable SET published  1 WHERE id  id codepre
Negative 10594 pI have an android app that draws to a canvas.  Up to now Ive been drawing each time I create the app usine onCreate as suchp  precodepackage com.example.drawdemo import android.app.Activity import android.graphics.Color import android.os.Bundle  public class DrawDemo extends Activity      DrawView drawView      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState          drawView  new DrawViewthis         drawView.setBackgroundColorColor.WHITE         setContentViewdrawView       codepre  pHowever Id like to migrate the drawing to onResume.  Ideally I do not draw the first time someone starts the program, only when they resume the program.  Why do the following two code snippets not workp  precodepackage com.example.drawdemo import android.app.Activity import android.graphics.Color import android.os.Bundle  public class DrawDemo extends Activity      DrawView drawView      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState          drawView  new DrawViewthis         drawView.setBackgroundColorColor.WHITE         setContentViewdrawView           Override     public void onResume         drawView  new DrawViewthis         drawView.setBackgroundColorColor.WHITE         setContentViewdrawView       codepre  pandp  precodepackage com.example.drawdemo import android.app.Activity import android.graphics.Color import android.os.Bundle  public class DrawDemo extends Activity      DrawView drawView      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState            Override     public void onResume         drawView  new DrawViewthis         drawView.setBackgroundColorColor.WHITE         setContentViewdrawView       codepre
Negative 10594 pIn this interactive program, you will find a menu with options to perform different functions on an array. This array is taken from a file called data.txt. The file contains integers, one per line. Obviously, I have not included the entire code it was too long. However, I was hoping that someone could help me with the problem of finding the prime numbers in the array Right now, the console prints the address of the array for the primes [I4a13ccea. Any suggestions are welcome. Part of my program is below. Thanks.p  precodepublic static void mainString[] args throws FileNotFoundException      Scanner sc  new ScannerSystem.in     System.out.printlnWelcome to Calculation Programn     startMenussc    private static void startMenusScanner sc throws FileNotFoundException      while true          System.out.printlnEnter option  and press ENTERn          System.out.println1. Display the average of the list         System.out.println2. Display the number of occurences of a given element in the list         System.out.println3. Display the prime numbers in a list         System.out.println4. Display the information above in table form         System.out.println5. Save the information onto a file in table form         System.out.println6. Exit          int option  sc.nextInt          sc.nextLine          switch option              case 1                 System.out.printlnYouve chosen to compute the average.                 infoMenu1sc                 break             case 2                 infoMenu2sc, sc                 break             case 3                 infoMenu3sc                 break             case 4                 infoMenu4sc                 break             case 5                 infoMenu5sc                 break             case 6                 System.exit0             default                  System.out.printlnUnrecognized Optionn                 private static void infoMenu3Scanner sc throws FileNotFoundException      File file  new Filedata.txt     sc  new Scannerfile      int[] numbers  new int[100]      int i  0      while sc.hasNextInt          numbers[i]  sc.nextInt         i           for int j  0 j lt i j          System.out.printThe numbers in the file are   numbers[j]          public static boolean primeint x      boolean answer  true      for int i  2 i lt x  2 i  i  1          if i  x              if i  x  0                  answer  false                                 return answer   public static int[] primesint[] numbers      int primesCount  0      for int i  numbers          if primei              primesCount  primesCount  1                    if primesCount  0          return null           int[] result  new int[primesCount]     int index  0      for int i  numbers          if primei              result[index]  i             index  index  1                    return result   codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a UIViewderived view that is drawn only strongoncestrong and emnever updatedem.p  pCalling code[self setNeedsDisplay]code has no effect.  What could cause thisp  pIt doesnt matter whether the drawing code is inp  ul licodedrawRectcode, orli licodedrawLayerinContextcode  with an empty drawRect definedli ul  pIf drawLayerinContext is not defined, then drawRect is called. But just once during layout.p  precode voiddrawLayerCALayerlayer inContextCGContextRefctx     drawing occurs, but just once during view layout    voiddrawRectCGRect rect     empty  never called  codepre  pA small list of what Ive triedp  ul li[self setNeedsDisplay]li li[self.layer setNeedsDisplay]li li[self.mySubLayer setNeedsDisplay]li liself.contentMode  UIViewContentModeRedrawli licreating the view manually, instead of loading it from a .nib no effectli liRemoving the use of layers and sublayers and using just drawRect no effectli ul
Negative 10594 pPreviously, we have no problem displaying the following codeDialogFragmentcodep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comNKKBm.png altenter image description herep  precode Triggered by button click. private void openFromCloud            LoadFromCloudTaskFragment loadFromCloudTaskFragment  new LoadFromCloudTaskFragment     FragmentManager fm  this.getSupportFragmentManager     fm.beginTransaction.addloadFromCloudTaskFragment, loadFromCloudTaskFragment.commit   codepre  pHowever, if we tend to display the same codeDialogFragmentcode after pressing OK button on the following codeIntentcode, an error will occur.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comuvL73.png altenter image description herep  precodeprivate void openFromCloud            startActivityForResultUtils.getGoogleAccountCredential.newChooseAccountIntent, REQUESTACCOUNTPICKER   Override protected void onActivityResultfinal int requestCode, final int resultCode, final Intent data      switch requestCode      case REQUESTACCOUNTPICKER         if resultCode  RESULTOK ampamp data  null ampamp data.getExtras  null              String accountName  data.getStringExtraAccountManager.KEYACCOUNTNAME             if accountName  null                  Utils.getGoogleAccountCredential.setSelectedAccountNameaccountName                 LoadFromCloudTaskFragment loadFromCloudTaskFragment  new LoadFromCloudTaskFragment                 FragmentManager fm  getSupportFragmentManager                 fm.beginTransaction.addloadFromCloudTaskFragment, loadFromCloudTaskFragment.commit                           break       codepre  hr  pHere are the detailed error logp  precodeFATAL EXCEPTION main java.lang.RuntimeException Failure delivering result ResultInfowhonull, request1, result1, dataIntent  has extras  to activity org.yccheok.xxx.guiorg.yccheok.xxx.gui.XXXFragmentActivity java.lang.IllegalStateException Can not perform this action after onSaveInstanceState     at android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResultsActivityThread.java3141     at android.app.ActivityThread.handleSendResultActivityThread.java3184     at android.app.ActivityThread.access1100ActivityThread.java130     at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1243     at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99     at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137     at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4745     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java786     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java553     at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method Caused by java.lang.IllegalStateException Can not perform this action after onSaveInstanceState     at android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl.checkStateLossFragmentManager.java1299     at android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl.enqueueActionFragmentManager.java1310     at android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord.commitInternalBackStackRecord.java541     at android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord.commitBackStackRecord.java525     at org.yccheok.xxx.gui.XXXFragmentActivity1.runXXXFragmentActivity.java107     at android.app.Activity.runOnUiThreadActivity.java4591     at org.yccheok.xxx.gui.XXXFragmentActivity.onActivityResultXXXFragmentActivity.java102     at android.app.Activity.dispatchActivityResultActivity.java5192     at android.app.ActivityThread.deliverResultsActivityThread.java3137     ... 11 more codepre  pI can simply solve the problem by using codecommitAllowingStateLosscode instead of codecommitcode.p  precodefm.beginTransaction.addloadFromCloudTaskFragment, loadFromCloudTaskFragment.commitAllowingStateLoss codepre  pI dont really understand the documentation regarding codecommitAllowingStateLosscode.p  blockquote   pLike commit but allows the commit to be executed after an activitys   state is saved. This is dangerous because the commit can be lost if   the activity needs to later be restored from its state, so this should   only be used for cases where it is okay for the UI state to change   unexpectedly on the user.p blockquote  pThis is based on suggestion from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7469082gettingexceptionillegalstateexceptioncannotperformthisactionafteronsagetting exception quotIllegalStateException Can not perform this action after onSaveInstanceStatequotap  pI dont really get the point strongit is okay for the UI state to change unexpectedly on the user.strong May I know what is the possible side effect for using codecommitAllowingStateLosscode Any steps I can produce such side effectp
Negative 10594 pIm having some issue trying to get my Phonegap app written using RequireJS, BackboneJS and various over libraries to work after using r.js.p  pEverything works fine before optimization however afterwards Im getting the following error in my mainbuild.jsp  blockquote   pUncaught TypeError Cannot read property Viewp blockquote  pBelow is my require configp  precoderequire.config baseUrl lib, paths      domReady           requiredomReady,     text               requiretext,     async              requireasync,     jquery             jqueryjquery,     jqmconfig          jqmjqmconfig,     jqm                jqmjquery.mobile,     underscore         underscoreunderscore,     backbone           backbonebackbone,     jqmaps             googlejquery.ui.map,     router             ..approuter,     models             ..appmodels,     collections        ..appcollections,     views              ..appviews,     templates          ..apptemplates,     app                ..appapp , shim      underscore          exports            ,    backbone         deps            [jquery, jqmconfig, jqm, underscore],        exports         Backbone   ,   jqmconfig            [jquery],   jqm                  [jquery,jqmconfig],   jqmaps               [jqm]  codepre  pthis is my bootstrapp  precoderequire [     app, domReady, jqmconfig ],   functionapp, domReady      domReadyfunction           On device ready initialize the app code       codepre  pand here is my build.jsp  precode baseUrl lib, paths      domReady           requiredomReady,     text               requiretext,     async              requireasync,     jquery             jqueryjquery,     jqmconfig          jqmjqmconfig,     jqm                jqmjquery.mobile,     underscore         underscoreunderscore,     backbone           backbonebackbone,     jqmaps             googlejquery.ui.map,     router             ..approuter,     models             ..appmodels,     collections        ..appcollections,     views              ..appviews,     templates          ..apptemplates,     app                ..appapp,     main               ..appmain,  , name main, out appmainbuild.js codepre  pAnything glaringly obviousp  pThank you for your time.p
Negative 10594 pHey folks Ive been messing around with a free phphtml contact form I founda hrefhttpwww.freecontactform.comemailform.php relnofollowhttpwww.freecontactform.comemailform.phpa Its all I want for the website that I am doing but I need to make it slightly more secure so all I was going to do was to create a extra box and have it accept the value of 4. The problem Is I am having trouble implementing it. I want the form to execute if the security value is 4 and display an error message if it is not. Ive got the error message down but it does not seem to accept the value of 4. Could you take a look at my code and tell me where I am going wrong Thanks.p  precodeltphp ifissetPOST[email]        EDIT THE 2 LINES BELOW AS REQUIRED     emailto  0000000000     emailsubject  From the website       function diederror           your error code can go here         echo We are very sorry, but there were errors found with the form you submitted.          echo These errors appear below.ltbr gtltbr gt         echo error.ltbr gtltbr gt         echo Please go back and fix these errors.ltbr gtltbr gt         die            validation expected data exists     ifissetPOST[firstname]          issetPOST[lastname]          issetPOST[email]          issetPOST[telephone]          issetPOST[security]          issetPOST[comments]          diedWe are sorry, but there appears to be a problem with the form you submitted.                  firstname  POST[firstname]  required     lastname  POST[lastname]  required     emailfrom  POST[email]  required     telephone  POST[telephone]  not required     security  POST[security]     comments  POST[comments]  required      errormessage       emailexp  [AZaz09.][AZaz09.].[AZaz]2,4   ifpregmatchemailexp,emailfrom      errormessage . The Email Address you entered does not appear to be valid.ltbr gt        stringexp  [AZaz .]     stringsec  4   ifpregmatchstringexp,firstname      errormessage . The First Name you entered does not appear to be valid.ltbr gt      ifpregmatchstringexp,lastname      errormessage . The Last Name you entered does not appear to be valid.ltbr gt      ifstrlensecurity lt 4      errormessage . The security passphrase is not correct.   ifstrlencomments gt 4      errormessage . The security passphrase is not correct.ltbr gt       ifstrlencomments lt 2      errormessage . The Comments you entered do not appear to be valid.ltbr gt      ifstrlenerrormessage gt 0      diederrormessage        emailmessage  Form details below.nn      function cleanstringstring        bad  arraycontenttype,bcc,to,cc,href       return strreplacebad,,string           emailmessage . First Name .cleanstringfirstname.n     emailmessage . Last Name .cleanstringlastname.n     emailmessage . Email .cleanstringemailfrom.n     emailmessage . Telephone .cleanstringtelephone.n     emailmessage . Comments .cleanstringcomments.n    create email headers headers  From .emailfrom.rn. ReplyTo .emailfrom.rn . XMailer PHP . phpversion mailemailto, emailsubject, emailmessage, headers   gt  lt include your own success html here gt   Thank you for contacting us. We will be in touch with you very soon. ltphp  gt codepre  hr  pHtml of my sitep  precode    ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.1EN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml11DTDxhtml11.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt ltscript srcScriptsswfobjectmodified.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss mediaall hrefcsstext.css gt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss mediaall hrefcss960.css gt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss mediaall hrefcssstyle.css gt lttitlegtJaponica Flower Shoplttitlegt ltheadgt  ltbodygt ltdiv classcontainer12 idtopContentgt   ltdiv classgrid4gt     lth1gtJaponica Flower Shoplth1gt     lth2gtFor Fresh Flowerslth2gt     lth3gtSecret Garden Centre, Keynshamlth3gt   ltdivgt   ltdiv classgrid8 idrightTopContentgt lta hrefindex.htmlgthomeltagt  lta hrefgtgalleryltagt  lta hrefaboutus.htmlgtabout usltagt  lta hrefhttpblankwebsiteblog.blogspot.co.ukgtblogltagt  lta hrefgtcontactltagt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classcleargtampnbspltdivgt ltdiv classcontainer12gt   ltdiv classgrid4gt     ltul classgallerygt       ltli classactivegt         lttable border1 width 100 cellpadding40  aligncentergt             lttrgt            lttd cell valigntop  width 300gtltfont colorblack faceGeorgia, Arial, Garamond gt             ltform namecontactform methodpost actionsendformemail.phpgt               lttable width450pxgt                   lttrgt                  lttrgt                ltp stylefontfamilyHelveticacolorblackfontsize15pxgtFill out this form to send us a email, we aim to reply as soon as possible. ltpgt                   lttd valigntopgtltlabel forfirstnamegtFirst Name ltlabelgtlttdgt                   lttd valigntopgtltinput  typetext namefirstname maxlength50 size30gtlttdgt                 lttrgt                 lttrgt                   lttd valigntopgtltlabel forlastnamegtLast Name ltlabelgtlttdgt                   lttd valigntopgtltinput  typetext namelastname maxlength50 size30gtlttdgt                 lttrgt                 lttrgt                   lttd valigntopgtltlabel foremailgtEmail Address ltlabelgtlttdgt                   lttd valigntopgtltinput  typetext nameemail maxlength80 size30gtlttdgt                 lttrgt                 lttrgt                   lttd valigntopgtltlabel fortelephonegtTelephone Numberltlabelgtlttdgt                   lttd valigntopgtltinput  typetext nametelephone maxlength30 size30gtlttdgt                 lttrgt                 lttrgt                   lttd valigntopgtltlabel forcommentsgtComments ltlabelgtlttdgt                   lttd valigntopgtlttextarea  namecomments maxlength1000 cols25 rows6gtlttextareagtlttdgt                 lttrgt                   lttrgt                   lttd valigntopgtltlabel forsecuritygtSecurity Passphraseltlabelgtlttdgt                   lttd valigntopgtltinput  typenumber namesecurity maxlength30 size30gt                   ltimg src.imagessecurity.png titlepassphrase problem alt1 alignleftgt                   lttdgt                 lttrgt                   lttd colspan2 styletextaligncentergtltinput typesubmit valueSubmitgt                     lta hrefhttpwww.freecontactform.comemailform.phpgtEmail Formltagtlttdgt                 lttrgt               lttablegt             ltformgt             ampnbsp             ltpgtlttdgt              lttdgtltp stylefontfamilyHelveticacolorblackfontsize15pxgtJaponica Flowershop, Whitegate Nursieries, The Secret Garden Centre, Stockwood Hill, Keynsham, Bristol, BS312AN, Tel 07848401140 ltpgt ltp stylefontfamilyHelveticacolorblackfontsize15pxgt  Opening Hours 104 closed Monday and Thursday ltpgt  ltpgtltimg src.imagesbonnet.png titleCome on In alt1 alignleftgtlttdgt            ltbr gt                ltfontgt               lttdgt           lttrgt         lttablegt       ltligt     ltulgt   ltdivgt   lt end grid4 gt   ltdiv classgrid8gt     ltdiv idmainimagegtltdivgt   ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classcleargtampnbspltdivgt ltdiv classcontainer16gt   ltdiv classgrid2gt     ltpgtampnbspltpgt   ltdivgt   ltdiv idfootergtlta hrefindex.htmlgthomeltagt  lta hrefgtgalleryltagt  lta hrefaboutus.htmlgtabout usltagt  lta hrefhttpblankwebsiteblog.blogspot.co.ukgtblogltagt  lta hrefgtcontactltagtltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classgrid2gt   ltpgtampnbspltpgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 10594 pAm I right in thinking that the Hightlighter class in jqPlot does not handle tooltips for the PieRenderer Ive spent quite a while trying to get them to work however I cant seem to get it to show the tooltip.p  pIf I am right, is there a way to handle the rollover of a segment and pass the data to a third party jQuery tooltipp  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pI have a quick performance question I have a ListView adapter which populates the listview and I open my sqlite database and close it at the end of populating the view and I populate some information about the list row from the SQLite database. I have noticed a serious performance hit with doing this mainly when scrolling which makes sense. Im wondering how I can improve the performance of scrolling. I query the database about 3 times.p  precodeDatabase db  new Databasecontext db.open viewHolder.first.setTextdb.queryFirst viewHolder.second.setTextdb.querySecond viewHolder.third.setTextdb.queryThird db.close codepre  pShould I keep a reference to DB as an instance variable and just open and close when I query or how should I go about thisp
Negative 10594 pI want to access billimage.jsp pages but it need authentication from login.jsp page. I must enter username and password to get authenticated. p  pWhat should i do to make some jsp simulate login andredirect to billimage.jsp and logged in  automaticallyp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI am working with lift webframe work integrated with eclipse. I have downloaded one sample app from github and i processed some forms using OnSubmit concept. now I am trying to connect my app with MySQL to store my login credentials. i have given the following code in the boot.scala configuration and i added the jdbc driver. but i dont know what went wrong. its not working. can anybody give an idea. thanx in advance.p  precodeClass.forNamecom.mysql.jdbc.Driver  def connection  DriverManager.getConnection         jdbcmysqllocalhostscalatest,         username, pass codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a loop that creates windows using PySide depending on the number the user enters  each window will have some calls for other functions.br I would like the second window opens after all the commands belongs to the first window is done.br So, Is there a way in Python to tell the loop to stop until a certain flag is True for example p  pHeres what Im doing p  precodefor i in rangevalues     self.CreatWindow       the function that creates the window    def CreatWindowself     window  QtGui.QMainWindowself     window.setAttributeQtCore.Qt.WADeleteOnClose     combo  QtGui.QComboBoxwindow     combo.addItem      combo.addItem60     combo.addItem45     combo.activated[str].connectself.onActivated        btn  QtGui.QPushButtonOK, window     btn.clicked.connectself.ComputeVec     window.show  def onActivatedself, text     angle  inttext  def ComputeVecself     window.close     getVecValueangle codepre  pNow in that function the window have some calls to other functions, and I want to set the flag to True in the last function codegetVecValuecode which will do some computations and store the result. p
Negative 10594 pI am using an strongasynchronous post methodstrong to post some data to the server. The post is working fine, but if the server is down or unresponsive then I am getting a force close in the application.p  pstrongHow should I implement a timeout to the post requeststrong p  pThis is the strongclass which is asynchronously posting to a particular urlstrongp  precode     sending EmailAddress and Password to server  private class MyAsyncTask extends AsyncTaskltString, Integer, Doublegt       Override     protected Double doInBackgroundString... params           TODO Autogenerated method stub         postDataparams[0],params[1]         return null           protected void onPostExecuteDouble result           ifresponseBody.containsTRUE                      String rawresponseBody             raw  raw.substring0, raw.lastIndexOflt             raw  raw.substringraw.lastIndexOfgt  1, raw.length             String [] contents  raw.split,             extracting user name and user id from response             String usernamecontents[1]             String studentcodecontents[2]             save user name and user id in preference             saveInPreferenceusername,username             saveInPreferencestudentcode,studentcode              login is successful, going to next activity                    Intent intent  new IntentLoginActivity.this, TakeTestActivity.class             hiding progress bar             progress.dismiss             finish             LoginActivity.this.startActivityintent                    else                      hiding progress bar             progress.dismiss             createalertAttention, Please provide valid userid and password                    protected void onProgressUpdateInteger... progress            public void postDataString emailId,String passwrd   EDIT START HttpParams httpParams  new BasicHttpParams HttpConnectionParams.setConnectionTimeouthttpParams, 10000  HttpConnectionParams.setSoTimeouthttpParams, 10000  HttpClient httpclient  new DefaultHttpClienthttpParams  EDIT END            Create a new HttpClient and Post Header         HttpClient httpclient  new DefaultHttpClient          SharedPreferences preferences  PreferenceManager.getDefaultSharedPreferencesLoginActivity.this         final String urlfirst  preferences.getStringURLFirstPart,         HttpPost httppost  new HttpPosturlfirstValidateLogin          try               Data that I am sending             ListltNameValuePairgt nameValuePairs  new ArrayListltNameValuePairgt             nameValuePairs.addnew BasicNameValuePairEmailId, emailId             nameValuePairs.addnew BasicNameValuePairPassword, passwrd             httppost.setEntitynew UrlEncodedFormEntitynameValuePairs                      EDIT START                     try                                    Execute HTTP Post Request             httppost.setEntitynew UrlEncodedFormEntitynameValuePairs             HttpResponse response  httpclient.executehttppost             responseBody  EntityUtils.toStringresponse.getEntity                                         catch SocketTimeoutException ex                                              Do something specific for SocketTimeoutException.                                        EDIT END              Log.dresult, responseBody                   catch Throwable t                                                     END sending EmailAddress and Password to server                   codepre  pThis is how I am strongcalling the class to execute the post requeststrong p  precodesending request for login  new MyAsyncTask.executetxtUsername.getText.toString,txtPassword.getText.toString codepre  pstrongWhat should I do to implement a connection timeout after a particular time if the server does not respond or is not availablestrongp  pstrongEditedstrongp  pstrongHow do I notify the user using an alert that the connection has timed out Where should I put the alert and during which conditionstrongp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pIm trying to add Image stored in ..Resourcesebi.png in a stackpanel. Most of the times, the same image will be displayed in Stackpanel, depending on Textbox input EtReqCount. Below is the sample code tried but getting error saying p  blockquote   pSpecified Visual is already a child of another Visual or the root of a CompositionTargetp blockquote  pBelow is the code tried p  precode    private BitmapImage bmp  new BitmapImagenew UriWpfApplication1componentResourcesebi.png, UriKind.RelativeOrAbsolute      private void EtReqCountTextChangedobject sender, TextChangedEventArgs e              StackPanel dynamicStackPanel  new StackPanel         dynamicStackPanel.Width  300         dynamicStackPanel.Height  200         dynamicStackPanel.Background  new SolidColorBrushColors.LightBlue         dynamicStackPanel.Orientation  Orientation.Vertical         if EtReqCount.Text                         for int k  1 k lt Int32.ParseEtReqCount.Text k                               Image img  new System.Windows.Controls.Image  This makes the difference.                 img.Source  bmp                 dynamicStackPanel.Children.Addimg                            codepre  pXAML Code    p  h2     h2
Negative 10594 pI have a codeWPF TabControlcode with two codeTabItemscode. I am trying to change the selected tab on code behind on a codeButtoncode click event and execute some other code. In this examplep  precodeprivate void ButtonClickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e      ConvertDataTabControl.SelectedIndex  1     System.Threading.Thread.Sleep2000     ...  codepre  pI would expect the UI to refresh and move from codeTab 0code to codeTab 1code and only then execute the Sleep method, but the UI is refreshed only after codeButtonClickcode finishes execution. I tried calling codeInvalidateVisualcode, but it does not work.p  pIs there a way to force the UI to refresh before executing codeSleepcodep
Negative 10594 pcodestdmapcode has an codeinsertcode method that takes a hint iterator that will reduce the insertion time from logn to constant time if the hint is correct.  Its pretty obvious how this would work, since the container could just make sure the newly added item has a key that is less than the hint and has a key that is greater than the item before the hint. Otherwise the hint was wrong and it performs a normal insert.p  pcodestdunorderedmapcode also has a similar codeinsertcode with hint function.  What, if anything, does the hint do Its not obvious to me how another a hint iterator could be used to speed up a hash map insertion.p  pIf it is used, what is an appropriate hint.  In codestdmapcode, the hint is typically found by calling codelowerboundcode on the map.p
Negative 10594 pI have to write small program or stored procedure... p  pLot of people are going to send me feedback about my application .. on the fly for each vote i will reward them and Every Person have Unique ID.p  pWhat i want to do isp  pEvery 10 response bucket of customer will get 100 Points.  1 guys randomly selected, out of ten, will get 42 points, second guy  Randomly selected out of 10 will get 10 points, all other guys will get 8 points.p  pThe bucket of 10 process will repeat itself for each incoming request...p  pI want to do this in stored Procedure in SQL ... Any Tips on how the algorithm can be implemented, Any Logic Tips  Sorry, I am not good Programmerp
Negative 10594 pSo I have a function in a Google Apps Script, not called onEdit, but something else and this has been set up to be called from any on edit events via in the Installable onEdit on a google spreadsheet.p  pThe spreadsheet is around stocks and monitors a portfolio and the purpose of the function is to send an email as soon as a stop loss is hit on a stock, i.e. the price of a stock falls to a certain price. The price of the stock is retrieved and updated via the Google Finance API in a column in the spreadsheet.p  pNow, when running the function from the script or locally editing the spreadsheet, the function is called successfully. However, I am finding that as the stock price is updating automatically throughout the day on Google Drive and falling to the stop loss price, the on edit function is not being called. I read somewhere about it not being called by an anonymous user I know its not being called as I have an email counter column, which decreases every time the function is called, and once at 0 no more mails will be sent to avoid spamming. This not decreasing via the Google Finance API automatic price updates. Can someone advise what is causing this and if this there is any workaroundp
Negative 10594 pI have a predefined struct to use p  precodetypedef struct somestructs      int s     union          unsigned char ptr         unsigned char lptr[sizeofchar ]      somestructt, somestruct codepre  pIt contains union to reduce memory usage. I know the size can vary due to m32 and m64 compilation pointer size. My question is how to use that struct for my precise assignment. The purpose of this struct is to implement basic bit operations, the s variable contains the size of the bitmap in bytes. If the bitmap can fit inside of memory occupied by pointer to bitmap then we allocate her there. Im writing some bitmap operations on it, but i cant really get the struct or how to operate on it.p
Negative 10594 pI am new to mvc and jquery. I want to replace the locations by replacing them with multiple cities on a database. I was wondering how I got about doing this. p  precodefunction initialize       var locations  [         [Hougang, 1.37265, 103.893658],         [Punggol, 1.400617, 103.907833],         [MacRitchie Reservoir, 1.346002, 103.825436],         [Bishan, 1.352051, 103.849125],         [Sentosa, 1.251226, 103.830757]         ]      var map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmap,          zoom 0,         center new google.maps.LatLng1.37265, 103.893658,         mapTypeId google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP           var infowindow  new google.maps.InfoWindow      var marker, i      for i  0 i lt locations.length i          marker  new google.maps.Marker             position new google.maps.LatLnglocations[i][1], locations[i][2],             map map                   google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, functionmarker, i              return function                  infowindow.setContentlocations[i][0]                 infowindow.openmap, marker                      marker, i            Check if user support geolocation     if navigator.geolocation          navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPositionfunctionposition              var latitude  position.coords.latitude             var longitude  position.coords.longitude             var geolocpoint  new google.maps.LatLnglatitude, longitude              var mapOptions                   zoom 8,                 center geolocpoint,                 mapTypeId google.maps.MapTypeId.HYBRID                           Place a marker             var geolocation  new google.maps.Marker                 position geolocpoint,                 map map,                 title Your geolocation,                 icon httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20green.png                             google.maps.event.addDomListenerwindow, load, initialize   ltscriptgt codepre  pWould it be something on these lines, the problem is I have no idea how to connect the two.p  precodepublic JsonResult Autolocations                      var locations  from s in db.Tblecontent                               select s.ENTitle              return namelist.ToList             return Jsonlocations, JsonRequestBehavior.AllowGet          codepre  pMany thanks in advance Heshp
Negative 10594 pI have a JSON of the following formatp  precode[fingerprint[79,0,0,0,18,0,0,0,18,0,0,0,19,0,0,0,23,0,0,0,40,0,0,0,42,0,0,0,63,0,0,0,68,0,0,0,71,0,....]] codepre  pI have been trying to extract the byte array from it using the followingp  precodeJSONFingerprint fingerprintData  gson.fromJsonobj, JSONFingerprint.class codepre  pWhere JSONFingerprint isp  precodepublic class JSONFingerprint       byte[] fingerprint      public byte[] getfingerprintData          return fingerprint        codepre  pI have been getting this errorp  precodeException in thread Thread0 com.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException java.lang.IllegalStateException Expected BEGINARRAY but was STRING     at com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactoryAdapter.readReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java176     at com.google.gson.Gson.fromJsonGson.java795     at com.google.gson.Gson.fromJsonGson.java859     at com.google.gson.Gson.fromJsonGson.java832 codepre  pDoes anybody have any ideas p
Negative 10594 pSo I have a dataset in R with the following layout as an examplep  precodeID Date Tally 1 212011 1 2 212011 2 3 212011 3 1 212011 4 2 212011 5 1 212011 6 3 212011 7 4 212011 8 2 212011 9 codepre  pI want to remove all instances except the LAST instance of the post id. Right now everything I can find online, and functions I am using is removing everything except the FIRST instance.p  pSo my new data frame would look likep  precodeID Date Tally 1 212011 6 3 212011 7 4 212011 8 2 212011 9 codepre  pHow do I do this Right now I am only able to keep the first instance. I want it to do the opposite Any helpp  pBear with me I am new to R p
Negative 10594 pI have a list where a button shows up inside each list item when you hover over it. The button is on the right edge of each list item. This works fine when the list doesnt need to scroll, but it doesnt work properly when scrolling is needed on LionMountain Lion in Safari with hidden scrollbars. It seems the CSS hover state of the underlying item is removed when the mouse is over the hidden scrollbar area so the button disappears.p  pIve reproduced the problem herep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netupsT3 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netupsT3ap  pDoes anyone know of a solutionworkaround for thisp  pMarkupp  precodeltdiv idlist1 classlistgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt ltdivgt ltbr gt ltbr gt ltdiv idlist2 classlistgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt        ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt     ltdivgtFooltbuttongtaltbuttongtltdivgt  ltdivgt codepre  pCSSp  precode.list      height 200px     width 300px     border 1px solid gray     overflow auto   .list div      padding 5px 0px 5px 5px     borderbottom 1px solid eee   .list divhover      background eee   .list button      float right     display none       .list divhover button      display block  codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to post a variable to another page but when i give a manual value it works. Asp  precodeecho ltinput typehidden nameproductid value8 gt codepre  pand on the second page i can get it withp  precodepid  POST[productid] codepre  pWhat i want to do isp  pinstead of manually written value, writing something likep  precodeproductid  thisgtproductgtprid codepre  pand using the productid in value.p  pI tried many kind of things likep  precodevalueltphp echo productid  gt codepre  pbut didnt work. Or what is the right way to send a variablep  pAny help will be appriciated.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  p1st Pagep  precodeltphp  productid  thisgtproductgtvirtuemartproductid echo productid  echo  ltinput typefile namefiles[] idupload size50 classinputbox multiplegtltbr gt echo ltinput typehidden nameproductid value . productid .  gt vardumpproductid codepre  pp  p2nd Pagep  precodepid  POST[productid] query2mysqlqueryINSERT into josvirtuemartproductmedias virtuemartproductid,virtuemartmediaid VALUES pid,mediaid   codepre  pthis works only if i write a number manually on 1st page to value.p
Negative 10594 pHow to add a data values inside the slice in pie chart.Can any one help me in this whether this is possiblep
Negative 10594 pI have a problem writing into a log file in my CC prog. Heres an example of the code where the problem occurs p  precodeEnterCriticalSectionampcritical printfnWaiting for a connection on TCP port d nbr of current threads  d...n, pServergtTCPServerPort, pServergtlChildInfo AddLogWaiting for a connection on TCP port d nbr of current threads  d..., pServergtTCPServerPort, pServergtlChildInfo LeaveCriticalSectionampcritical   creating variables to be passed to the thread structThreadData  struct mallocsizeofstruct ThreadDatagtcsock  intmallocsizeofint memcpyampThreadDatagtpServer,amppServer,sizeofpServer  ifThreadDatagtcsock  accept pServergtListenSocket, SOCKADDRampsadr, ampaddrsize INVALIDSOCKET       ThreadDatagtdwIP  sadr.sinaddr.saddr     ThreadDatagtwPort  sadr.sinport      printfReceived connection from sd n,inetntoasadr.sinaddr, ntohssadr.sinport     AddLogReceived connection from sd ,inetntoasadr.sinaddr, ntohssadr.sinport codepre  pAddLog is the function i wrote in order to write into the file  p  precodeFILE fichier  NULL valist ap vastartap, log  fichier  fopenlog.log,a fichier  fsopenlog.log, a, SHDENYNO if fichier  NULL       printfError log d sn, errno, strerrorerrno else        fprintffichier,     vfprintffichier, log, ap     fprintffichier,n     vaendap     fclosefichier      codepre  pWhat I cant really explain is that the first AddLog Waiting for.... and all the ones before.. are correctly written into the file. But when i try a connection, the logs coming then received connection from... are not written into the file and i always get the error 13 Permission denied. I used chmod 777 into the file, i also tried fsopen function and i still get this error once i enter into the thread. If someone have any idea it would be reaaally helpful. Thanks to allp
Negative 10594 pIve been trying to write a program that enablesdisables different locks num lock, caps lock, scroll lock, but Ive been having issues with caps lock. For some reason, XKB doesnt know about  CapsLock vmod, while it does know about ScrollLock and NumLock.p  pHow do I get the caps lock maskp  hr  pMy function is this nearly directly copied from numlockxp  precodeunsigned int KLModifiergetmaskconst char name      XkbDescPtr xkb     if xkb  XkbGetKeyboardthisgtdisp, XkbAllComponentsMask, XkbUseCoreKbd  NULL              int i             unsigned int mask  0             if xkb  xkbgtnames                      mask  0                     goto end                          for i  0 i lt XkbNumVirtualMods i                      char modstr  XGetAtomNamethisgtdisp, xkbgtnamesgtvmods[i]                     stdcout ltlt modstr ltlt   ltlt name ltlt stdendl                     if modstr  NULL ampamp strcmpname, modstr  0                              XkbVirtualModsToRealxkb, 1 ltlt i, ampmask                             break                                   end             XkbFreeKeyboardxkb, 0, True             return mask          return 0  codepre  pI call it like thisp  precodeunsigned int mask  thisgtgetmaskCapsLock assertmask  0 codepre
Negative 10594 pIm following this scheme interpreter tutorial a hrefhttpen.wikibooks.orgwikiWriteYourselfaSchemein48Hours relnofollowhttpen.wikibooks.orgwikiWriteYourselfaSchemein48Hoursap  pbut cant seem to figure out how to setup the REPL or Parsec so I can have the functionality to interpret a whole source file. What Id like to do is to be able to enter something like this from the REPLp  precodel myscheme.scm codepre  pAnd the file would be interpreted. Right now, all it does is parse one expression and it ignores the rest. I can see why this is so  readExpr reads only 1 expression.p  pParser excerpt, whole code can be found here a hrefhttpen.wikibooks.orgwikiWriteYourselfaSchemein48HoursParsing relnofollowhttpen.wikibooks.orgwikiWriteYourselfaSchemein48HoursParsingap  precode parseExpr  Parser LispVal  parseExpr  parseAtom          ltgt parseString          ltgt parseNumber          ltgt parseQuoted          ltgt do char                  x lt try parseList ltgt parseDottedList                 char                  return x   readExpr  String gt String  readExpr input  case parse parseExpr lisp input of      Left err gt No match   show err      Right  gt Found value codepre  pREPLp  precodeimport System.IO  flushStr  String gt IO  flushStr str  putStr str gtgt hFlush stdout  readPrompt  String gt IO String readPrompt prompt  flushStr prompt gtgt getLine  evalString  String gt IO String evalString expr  return  extractValue  trapError liftM show  readExpr expr gtgt eval   evalAndPrint  String gt IO  evalAndPrint expr   evalString expr gtgt putStrLn  until  Monad m gt a gt Bool gt m a gt a gt m  gt m  until pred prompt action  do    result lt prompt   if pred result       then return       else action result gtgt until pred prompt action  runRepl  IO  runRepl  until  quit readPrompt Lispgtgtgt  evalAndPrint  main  IO  main  do args lt getArgs           case length args of               0 gt runRepl               1 gt evalAndPrint  args  0               otherwise gt putStrLn Program takes only 0 or 1 argument codepre  pWould appreciate any helpp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to simply search for videos using a query, which is working perfectly using the below code. p  precode   Create a service object for executing queries GTLServiceYouTube service  [[GTLServiceYouTube alloc] init]  Services which do not require signin may need an API key from the  API Console service.APIKey  AIzaSyAe4NldR2o8vYPpL6IcAcMH3HSnEpPPJY  Create a query GTLQueryYouTube query  [GTLQueryYouTube queryForSearchListWithPartid,snippet] query.maxResults  10 query.q  searchBar.text query.videoEmbeddable  true query.type  video query.country  US  Execute the query GTLServiceTicket ticket  [service executeQueryquery                                completionHandlerGTLServiceTicket ticket, id object, NSError error                                      This callback block is run when the fetch completes                                    if error  nil                                         GTLYouTubeSearchListResponse products  object                                         [videoArray removeAllObjects]                                         iteration of items and subscript access to items.                                        for GTLYouTubeSearchResult item in products                                                NSMutableDictionary dictionary  [item JSONValueForKeyid]                                             NSLog, [dictionary objectForKeyvideoId]                                            YoutubeVideo video  [[YoutubeVideo alloc]init]                                            [video setLblTitleitem.snippet.title]                                             Get youtube video image                                            [video setImgIconURL[NSURL URLWithStringitem.snippet.thumbnails.defaultProperty.url]]                                              [video setLblVideoURL[dictionary objectForKeyvideoId]]                                             [video setLblChannelTitleitem.snippet.channelTitle]                                            [videoArray addObjectvideo]                                                                                  reloadData  YES                                        [tableView reloadData]                                         Download images asynchronously                                        [NSThread detachNewThreadSelectorselectordownloadImages                                                                 toTargetself                                                               withObjectnil]                                    else                                        NSLogError , error.description                                                                    ] codepre  pHowever, now Id like to display certain information about the video. Some of this information I can get out ofp  precode  item.snippet codepre  pBut I also need to get the video duration, and number of views. How can I get them using Youtube API 3.0 I also had an idea to try using GData just for this, but it literally triples the load time to use p  precode  NSString JSONString  [NSString stringWithContentsOfURL[NSURL URLWithString[NSString stringWithFormathttpsgdata.youtube.comfeedsapivideosv2ampaltjson, [video lblVideoURL]]] encodingNSUTF8StringEncoding errornil ] codepre  pHow do I get the duration of the video, plus the number of views the video hasp
Negative 10594 pMy goal is to add gradients for my uilabel by doing the following strongCustomLabelBackGroundstrong is subclass of UILabelp  precodeimplementation CustomLabelBackGround   idinitWithFrameCGRectframe      if self  [super initWithFrameframe]           Initialization code          return self    voiddrawRectCGRectrect          CGContextRef context           UIGraphicsGetCurrentContext      CGColorRef whiteColor          [UIColor colorWithRed1.0 green1.0 blue1.0 alpha1.0].CGColor     CGColorRef lightGrayColor      [UIColor colorWithRed230.0255.0 green230.0255.0 blue230.0255.0 alpha1.0].CGColor     CGColorRef separatorColor      [UIColor colorWithRed208.0255.0 green208.0255.0 blue208.0255.0 alpha1.0].CGColor      CGRect paperRect               self.bounds       Fill with gradient     drawLinearGradientcontext, paperRect, whiteColor, lightGrayColor       Add white 1 px stroke     CGRect strokeRect              paperRect     strokeRect.size.height        1     strokeRect                     rectFor1PxStrokestrokeRect      CGContextSetStrokeColorWithColorcontext, whiteColor     CGContextSetLineWidthcontext, 1.0     CGContextStrokeRectcontext, strokeRect       Add separator     CGPoint startPoint             CGPointMakepaperRect.origin.x, paperRect.origin.y  paperRect.size.height  1     CGPoint endPoint               CGPointMakepaperRect.origin.x  paperRect.size.width  1, paperRect.origin.y  paperRect.size.height  1     draw1PxStrokecontext, startPoint, endPoint, separatorColor   codepre  pHowever, the text of CustomLabelBackGround is disappearing when I am trying to display onto the screen. please look at the picture below as referencep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAfwDt.png altenter image description herep  pWhat I am missing here. Please help if you have any ideas about this. thanksp
Negative 10594 pI just started with Java. Im trying to make a simple almost Hello world programp  ol liThe user enters the name of three playersli liThe program prints these three namesli liEndli ol  pThe player class is called Jugador. I get a NullPointerException error. I more or less understand the concept, but I still have no idea why it isnt working . Any help is appreciated. p  pSourcep  pChicago2.javap  precodepackage chicago2 import javax.swing.JOptionPane public class Chicago2      public static void mainString[] args          String s         Jugador jugadores[]         jugadoresnew Jugador[3]         int i1         System.out.printlnLoading players         forJugador x jugadores              sJOptionPane.showInputDialogName of player i              x  new Jugadors             System.out.printlnPlayer i x.getName             i                   System.out.printlnPrinting players name         forJugador y  jugadores                  System.out.printlnPlays y.getName                codepre  pJugador.javap  precodepackage chicago2 public class Jugador       private String name     public JugadorString nom              namenom          public String getName          return name        codepre  pError I get Outputp  blockquote   prunp      pLoading playersp      pPlayer 1 ap      pPlayer 2 bp      pPlayer 3 cp      pPrinting players namep      pException in thread main java.lang.NullPointerExceptionp      pat chicago2.Chicago2.mainChicago2.java19p      pJava Result 1p blockquote  pLine 19 isp  precodeSystem.out.printlnPlays y.getName codepre  pWork environmentp  blockquote   pProduct Version NetBeans IDE 7.3 Build 201302132200p      pJava 1.7.017 Java HotSpotTM 64Bit Server VM 23.7b01p      pRuntime JavaTM SE Runtime Environment 1.7.017b02p      pSystem Linux version 2.6.3241generic running on amd64 UTF8 enUS nbp blockquote  pScreenshotp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comNXL9J.png altenter image description here If you read this far, thank you.p
Negative 10594 pI have a program going in a loop,  and would wish to allow for real time human interaction without breaking or pausing the program.  p  pI would like to be able to have it use the input as a command for the program running already.p  pBasically, if I didnt explain it properlyp  pmain program runs in foreground.p  psecondary infinite loop looking for input runs in backgroundp  pupon input and hitting the return key ReadLine, the string saved and sent over to another function e.g. Interpreterp  pI have everything already set up to read the returned input a simple loop, I just cant comprehend how to allow user input at anytime. p  pEdit I know stack overflow is generally for help on an error in code, but I know it should be simple, I just dont understand where to start.p  pEdit 2 p  precodeusing System using System.Threading using SteamKit2 using SteamTrade using System.Collections.Generic using System.Text  namespace SteamBot  public class Program      public static void Mainstring[] EventArgs              LicenseGlobal.Seal.InitializeMY LICENSE KEY please ignore this          if System.IO.File.Existssettings.json                       Configuration config  Configuration.LoadConfigurationsettings.json             Log mainLog  new Logconfig.MainLog, null             foreach Configuration.BotInfo info in config.Bots                              mainLog.InfoLaunching Bot   info.DisplayName  ...                 new Thread gt                                        int crashes  0                     while crashes lt 1000                                              try                                                      new Botinfo, config.ApiKey, Bot bot, SteamID sid gt                                                               return SteamBot.UserHandlerSystem.Activator.CreateInstanceType.GetTypebot.BotControlClass, new object[]                                          bot,                                         sid                                                                  , false                                                   catch Exception e                                                      mainLog.ErrorError With Bot   e                             crashes                                                               .Start                 Thread.Sleep5000                               else                      Console.WriteLineConfiguration File Does not exist. Please rename settingstemplate.json to settings.json and modify the settings to match your environment                  Console.WriteLineHello World         Console.ReadKey        codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to work out the best way to use local notification in background to run a method to display a notification message from core data, based on due date or upcoming weekly and monthly summary report.p  pThere are two options which I have worked out which is NSTimer and UILocalNotification.p  pWith NSTimer i can run scheduledTimerWithTimeInterval every 24 hours in background to check core data before display local Notification to see if it is on due date, weekly or monthly report. I am not sure if this is best solutions or recommendationp  pI have read other posts, they suggestion to use UILocalNotification instead. But they are only limited to 64 notifications per app. Thats ok if I use weekly and monthly which total 64 notifications but it wont work after 1 year unless user active the app also I need to display due dates on the day message as well.p  pI am thinking maybe after a local notification displayed then the app still in background set new next schedule local notification, but I couldnt work this one out so not sure if this is possiblep  pAny suggestions on this Thank you in advance.p
Negative 10594 pIm just launching my first Magento store on CentOS amp Apache and Ive switched over from my setup subdomain  a hrefhttpprelive.mydomain.com relnofollowhttpprelive.mydomain.coma where everything worked fine, with url rewriting enabled amp working  to the live subdomain a hrefhttpwww.mydomain.com relnofollowhttpwww.mydomain.coma, basically just by doing the followingp  ol liclearing caches via the admin interfaceli liupdating the secure amp unsecure base urls in the db ul liUPDATE coreconfigdata SET value  a hrefhttpwww.mydomain.co.uk relnofollowa hrefhttpwww.mydomain.co.uk relnofollowhttpwww.mydomain.co.ukaa WHERE path  webunsecurebaseurlli liUPDATE coreconfigdata SET value  a hrefhttpswww.mydomain.co.uk relnofollowa hrefhttpswww.mydomain.co.uk relnofollowhttpswww.mydomain.co.ukaa WHERE path  websecurebaseurlli ulli limoving the entire site file system from varwwwhtmlprelive to varwwwhtmlwww I tried copying but it caused all sorts of permission problems which Ill figure out laterli limanually editing the media base path in varresourceconfig.jsonli lipupdating my virtual host like thisp  precodeltVirtualHost 80gt     DocumentRoot varwwwhtmlwww     ServerName www.mydomain.co.uk     ServerAlias www.mydomain.co.uk     ErrorLog logswww.mydomain.co.ukerrorlog ltVirtualHostgt codepreli lipediting the base .htaccess file like this p  precodeSetEnvIf Host www.mydomain.co.uk MAGERUNCODEanglingren SetEnvIf Host www.mydomain.co.uk MAGERUNTYPEstore SetEnvIf Host mydomain.co.uk MAGERUNCODEanglingren SetEnvIf Host .mydomain.co.uk MAGERUNTYPEstore codepreli ol  pAnd it almost works... but the url rewriting is broken.  I can see the site on a hrefhttpwww.mydomain.com relnofollowhttpwww.mydomain.coma but navigating to subpages gets a 404 e.g. a hrefhttpwww.mydomain.compathtoproduct.html relnofollowhttpwww.mydomain.compathtoproduct.htmla , unless I specifically alter the URL to point through index.php like this a hrefhttpwww.mydomain.comindex.phppathtoproduct.html relnofollowhttpwww.mydomain.comindex.phppathtoproduct.htmla or a hrefhttpwww.mydomain.comindex.phpadmin relnofollowhttpwww.mydomain.comindex.phpadminap  pFor reference, in .htaccess I also have left unchanged during the switch of subdomainp  precodeRewriteBase  codepre  pand p  precodeRewriteRule . index.php [L] codepre  pAny thoughts on what I forgotp  pMany thanks Benp
Negative 10594 pCode p  pThis is how m initializing camera.br  I, trying to get resolution of device and based on that i set camera width and height.p  precode     public class GameActivity extends SimpleBaseGameActivity           private SmoothCamera mCamera         private DisplayMetrics dM           private int CAMERAWIDTH, CAMERAHEIGHT          private double  ScreenWidth,                         ScreenHeight,                         resolutionRatio           public EngineOptions onCreateEngineOptions                set Camera             getDeviceResolution             setCamera           EngineOptions options   new EngineOptionstrue,             ScreenOrientation.LANDSCAPEFIXED,              new RatioResolutionPolicyintthis.getCameraWidth,intthis.getCameraHeight,             new FillResolutionPolicy,             mCamera           return options                  private void getDeviceResolution              dM  new DisplayMetrics             this.getWindowManager.getDefaultDisplay.getMetricsdM             this.ScreenWidth     dM.widthPixels             this.ScreenHeight    dM.heightPixels             this.resolutionRatio  this.ScreenWidththis.ScreenHeight                  resolutionRatio  doubleMath.roundresolutionRatio  100  100              Log.dResolution,ScrennWidth this.ScreenWidth              Log.dResolution,ScrennHeight this.ScreenHeight                      Log.dResolution,Resolution Ratio     this.resolutionRatio                  private void setCamera           ifresolutionRatio  1.66             this.setCameraHeight340             this.setCameraWidth400         else ifresolutionRatio  2.13             this.setCameraHeight480             this.setCameraWidth1024         else ifresolutionRatio  1.77             this.setCameraHeight720             this.setCameraWidth1280         else ifresolutionRatio  1.5             this.setCameraHeight320             this.setCameraWidth480         else ifresolutionRatio  1.67             this.setCameraHeight480             this.setCameraWidth800         else              this.setCameraHeightint this.ScreenHeight             this.setCameraWidthint this.ScreenWidth                    Create a Camera         this.mCamera  new SmoothCamera0,0,intgetCameraWidth,intgetCameraHeight,100,100,1.0f             mCamera.setZoomFactor1.0f              mCamera.setBoundsEnabledtrue             mCamera.setBounds0, 0, mCamera.getWidth, mCamera.getHeight                         codepre  pThe issue is.p  pIve etried game on device with resolution 480x320 img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCW09k.png altenter image description herep  pand when i tried same code on device with resolution 800X480img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4XWBt.png altenter image description herep  pI Thinks sprites are not getting scaled on higher resolution devices.br As per my knowledge andengine scales camera and sprites natively. p  pSo why sprites are not getting scaled on this situationp  pWhat should i do to scale up sprites based on resolutionp  pI tried FillResolutionPolicy too. Same thing.p  pIm using TexturePackerExtension of andengine adn SpriteSheets.p
Negative 10594 pI created two java file, in one java file i get the android list view position in integer type position variable, how to call that position value in to another java filep  ppublic void onItemClickAdapterView parent, View view, int position,long id      br         Intent intent  new Intentthis, Play.class         startActivityintent         int pos  positionlt I assigned pos for position i need to call pos to another Play.class filep
Negative 10594 pSay I have a parent and a childobject. At some point a variable boolean in the child changes and the parent needs to notice. Now, is it performancewise cheaper to let the child dispatch an event once the variable has changed, or to have the parent check this childs variable every frame in an already existing enterFrameEventHandlerp
Negative 10594 pThe Unicode characters are stored in mysql database in this formatp  precodeamp1740amp1729amp1575amp1722 amp1578amp1608 codepre  pThere is no only unicode characters in my database by also html and english characters mixed up.p  pThe Problem is I want to get a part of the string from database field codepostbodycode I have used the following sql queryp  precodeSELECT SUBSTRINGpostbody,1,120 as pstbody from mytable codepre  pThis string gives me back 120 characters accurately. But the Problem is if there are unicode symbols in the database then codeamp1740 is equal to 1 unicode charactercode, so my requirement does not fulfill in this way.  Is there any function that can give me back my specified number of characters regardless of is it unicode character or english character, mean if there is unicode data it should count codeamp1740code as one character .p
Negative 10594 pIm using RoboSpice with Spring for Android and would like to persist a JSON array of objects with OrmLite. GSON is used for the JSON marshalling. With the default caching everything works as expected. But OrmLite doesnt seem to like the array of objects. p  pThis is a simplified version of the JSONp  precode[id 1, title Test 1,id 2, title Test 3,id 3, title Test 3] codepre  pI would like to persist this in the following objectp  precodeDatabaseTable public class Foo      DatabaseFieldid  true     private int id     DatabaseField     private String title       getters and setters     ...  codepre  pBased on the RoboSpice OrmLite example Ive created the following GsonSpringAndroidSpiceService class to add the OrmLite CacheManager. This is where the problem starts.p  precodepublic class CustomGsonSpringAndroidSpiceService extends GsonSpringAndroidSpiceService      Override     public CacheManager createCacheManagerApplication application               add persisted classes to class collection         ListltClassltgtgt classCollection  new ArrayListltClassltgtgt         classCollection.addFoo.class           init         CacheManager cacheManager  new CacheManager         cacheManager.addPersisternew InDatabaseObjectPersisterFactory             application, new RoboSpiceDatabaseHelper                 application, database.db, 1, classCollection         return cacheManager       codepre  pThis results in the following errorp  precodeRequestProcessor.java17422356 java.lang.RuntimeException Class [Lcom.example.model.Foo is not handled by any registered factoryList codepre  pWhen I change codeclassCollection.addFoo.classcode to codeclassCollection.addFoo[].classcode I get the following errorp  precodeRequestProcessor.java17422601 144223.112 pool5thread1 An unexpected error occured when processsing request CachedSpiceRequest [requestCacheKeyfoo, cacheDuration1, spiceRequestcom.example.app.FooRequest4055df40] RequestProcessor.java17422601 java.lang.IllegalArgumentException No fields have a DatabaseField annotation in class [Lcom.example.app.model.Foo codepre  pAnyone an idea how to handle a JSON array with the OrmLite CacheManager p
Negative 10594 pThis is my code for adding a codeltligtcode before a codeltligtcode in codeltulgtcode.p  precode.postpage.php, data,functiondata,success          var sdata.split         var sls.length1         forvar i0iltsli                      var sepltli classatItem idatItemigts[i]ltligt             ul.pageCont.childrenliatItemLast.beforesep           codepre  pstrongPage.php returnsstrong codenamecode on codeecho namecodep  pBut my problem is that two codeltligtcode is added to codeltulgtcode. What is the mistake i am doingp  pI had checked value for codeslcode it alerts code1code.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to change the opacity of an element in this instance a .png based on mouse position. p  pI found this great example for color a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netWV8jX relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netWV8jXa p  precodevar win  window, w  0,h  0, rgb  [], getWidth  function      w  win.width     h  win.height   win.resizegetWidth.mousemovefunctione   rgb  [     Math.rounde.pageXw  255,     Math.rounde.pageYh  255,     150 ]  document.body.cssbackground,rgbrgb.join, .resize codepre  pbut I am confused how I might do it with opacity.  I want the same smooth and seamless effect.p  pAll help would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pthis is my aspx codep  precodeltaspFileUpload IDFileUpload2 runatserver Width500px gt             ltaspButton IDbtnUploadImg runatserver onclickbtnNahrajObrazekClick TextNahrt obrzek Height35px Width150px gt codepre  pand this is my code behindp  precodeprotected void btnUploadImgClickobject sender, EventArgs e              string input  Request.Url.AbsoluteUri         string output  input.Substringinput.IndexOf  1         string fileName  Path.GetFileNameFileUpload2.PostedFile.FileName          int width  800         int height  600         Stream stream  FileUpload2.PostedFile.InputStream          Bitmap image  new Bitmapstream          Bitmap target  new Bitmapwidth, height         Graphics graphic  Graphics.FromImagetarget         graphic.DrawImageimage, 0, 0, width, height         target.SaveServer.MapPathUploads  output    fileName      codepre  pId like to keep aspect ratio of images being uploaded, so I need to set only width or set width like 100 and height 400 or something like that  But dont know to do it.p  pIf this is not possible, image cropping will be good enought, but Id like first better.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pcan someone please explain what a functions like this p  precodeconst Comparable amp findMin const  void insert  const Comparable amp x  codepre  pmean. Comparable is declared as template . what i specifically dont understand is how the amp referencing operator works the only way this amp referencing operator makes any sense to me is if used in elementary ways such as int amp aref  a to indicated that aref is a referance to a, however in the code i provided above the reference is not assigned to anything which confused me, and also why would you want to reference a whole function such as the findMin functionp  pand how does something like this workp  precodevoid insert const Comparable amp x, BinaryNode  amp t  const codepre  pwhere they have a pointer and a reference, is this just a short way of assigning a reference to a pointerp
Negative 10594 pI have an issue to set the file path in FTP server. The issue here is i cant find the exact file location in server.  How can  find the exact file location p  pProblem here is when ever i click the file, Im getting httptextmain.htmlenter link description here.Im Sorry guys the location is dummy one for the security reason they ftp guys hide the exact file location. Is there any way to know the exact file locationp
Negative 10594 pSuppose I want to use codegit addcode or some other command line directive  I cannot use .gitignore to add all files EXCEPT for a .hi file. Is there a way to do this So far I have triedp  pcodegit add .hicodep  pcodegit add .hicodep  pAs I understand it, this is how you specify a negation in glob syntax, and its also how you do it in .gitignore. Yet for both these commands, I receive the error codefatal [pattern] did not match any filescode. For what its worth, Im running these commands from Windows Powershell.p
Negative 10594 pI have a List containing the employee details.p  pI am binding the datatable using the List as shown belowp  precodelticedataTable iddataExportTable                        varemployee                        valuedataExportData.employees                        rows5                        styleClassdataPaginatorDataTable                        cellpadding7gt                     lticecolumngt                         ltffacet nameheadergt                             lticeoutputText idcolumn1                                             valueIDgt                         ltffacetgt                         lticeoutputText idnumber                                         valueemployee.idgt                     lticecolumngt                      lticecolumngt                         ltffacet nameheadergt                             lticeoutputText idcolumn2                                             valueFirst Namegt                         ltffacetgt                         lticeoutputText idfirstName                                         valueemployee.firstNamegt                     lticecolumngt                      lticecolumngt                         ltffacet nameheadergt                             lticeoutputText idcolumn3                                             valueLast Namegt                         ltffacetgt                         lticeoutputText idlastName                                         valueemployee.lastNamegt                     lticecolumngt                      lticecolumngt                         ltffacet nameheadergt                             lticeoutputText idcolumn4                                             valuePhonegt                         ltffacetgt                         lticeoutputText idphoneNo                                         valueemployee.phoneNumbergt                     lticecolumngt                 lticedataTablegt codepre  pAll the values are displayed correctly in the datatable based on the employees except the first row first column value which is coming as 0 i.e. the default value for an codeintcode member variable. I am using IceFaces 1.8.1 jsf 1.2p  pKindly let me know where is the mistake p
Negative 10594 pIm currently confused on this one. limit by default is none, but if i were to test this in unitest and ask a specific number of comments it would say type mismatch. I know that int is not the correct term. Im only saying that the limit should be an integer. What would be the proper way of addressing the input depending on what the limit is in the unitest.p  precodedef listcommentsdb, limitNone limit  int     limit  int      cur  db.cursor     cur.executeSELECT id, comment FROM comments ORDER BY id DESC LIMIT , limit,     results  cur.fetchall      print results      return results codepre
Negative 10594 pHow do I convert a large number of addresses with street address, city and street number in coordinates latitude and longitudep  p... without having to do one at a time Is there any scriptp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to deal with a string that has a long error message instead of a short value when something goes wrong. My ant script contains the following code           p  precodelt build.svnversion is invalid if its longer than 15 characters gt  ltlength propertybuild.svnversion.length stringbuild.svnversion gt ltecho messagebuild.svnversion.length build.svnversion.lengthgt  ltcondition propertybuild.svnversion valueNA elsebuild.svnversiongt     ltlength stringbuild.svnversion whengt length15 gt ltconditiongt ltecho messagebuild.svnversion build.svnversion gt codepre  pThis produces the following outputp  precode[echo] build.svnversion.length 148 [echo] build.svnversion svn The path . appears to be part of a Subversion 1.7 or greater [echo] working copy.  Please upgrade your Subversion client to use this [echo] working copy. codepre  pWhy isnt build.svnversion getting set to NA since its length is clearly greater than 15p
Negative 10594 pId like to display an NSWindow when right clicking an item in an NSTableView, similarly to how the available outlets are shown in Interface Builder when you right click an objectp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comezLq8.png altenter image description herep  pUnfortunately you can only use an NSMenu subclass as the menu property. I also didnt find a delegate method of NSTableView that notifies about right clicks.p  pI was able to subclass NSTableView and implement coderightMouseDowncode and coderightMouseUpcode to be notified about those events, but if I set the menu property of the row cells to codenilcode, they are not highlighted when right clicked, even though I call the super implementationp  precode voidrightMouseDownNSEvent theEvent      [super rightMouseDowntheEvent]     NSPoint eventLocation  [theEvent locationInWindow]     eventLocation  [self convertPointeventLocation fromViewnil]     NSInteger rowIndex  [self rowAtPointeventLocation]     NSLogRight clicked at row index d, rowIndex  codepre  pI would like to have the highlight effect in the image below but display a window instead of the context menup  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHynaE.png altenter image description herep
Negative 10594 pMy web app is using PKI authentication via a piv card. I grab the users unique identifier information via HttpClientCertificate.Subject. The problem is that when I am unit testing, mock will not mock this class since it doesnt have a constructor. I tried following the advice on this threadp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3634249howtomockhttpclientcertificateHow to mock HttpClientCertificateap  pbut it looks like the way he sets it up is to inject the client certificate through the controllers constructor which I dont want to do since the controller already has access to the client certificate. Im assuming thats what he is implying since he is using some type of adapter pattern. Anyone got any better sugguestionsp
Negative 10594 pCan someone give me a hand here. I am new to backtracking and preparing for an interview. I couldnt even attempt this question. Please help.p  pDescribe a back tracking algorithm for efficiently listing all kelement subsets of codencode items.p  pFor coden  5code the 3 element subsets are code1,2,3, 1,2,4, 1,2,5, 1,3,4, 1,3,5, 1,4,5, 2,3,4, 2,3,5, 2,4,5, 3,4,5codep  pIn particular, I am interested in first describing the solution vector representation to use, and then how I would partition the work among constructcandidates, isasolution and processsolution functions.p
Negative 10594 pI have made a simple win32 application, that opens a dialog box with an edit control. After searching for hours I couldnt find a way to get the user input from this edit control and store it in a string. I think the code a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comArticles31315GettingUserInputWithDialogsPart1 relnofollowherea does what I want havent tested it but I dont understand any of it. So an explanation or other solution would be nice. Im using VC 2012p  pOther a hrefhttpwww.davekb.combrowseprogrammingtips3adialogboxparam3atxt relnofollowsolutiona I found that IS C Sp  pOk, I made a seperate message loop, and inserted the code there. Which now looks like thisp  precodeINTPTR CALLBACK IPHWND hDlg, UINT message, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam      UNREFERENCEDPARAMETERlParam     switch message          case WMINITDIALOG         return INTPTRTRUE      case WMCOMMAND         if LOWORDwParam  IDCANCEL                      EndDialoghDlg, LOWORDwParam             return INTPTRTRUE                  else ifLOWORDwParam  IDOK                      TCHAR szBuf[40]             GetDlgItemTexthDlg, IDCEDIT1, szBuf, 39               Breakpoint here               szBuf127.0.0.1 as intended              EndDialoghDlg, LOWORDwParam             return INTPTRTRUE                  break          return INTPTRFALSE  codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to draw a circle in opengl, but i cant seem to get the right coordinates, so i always get an ellipsis no matter what method i use. The current code is as followsp  precodevoid BallRender      float centerpositionx  bodygtGetWorldCenter.x     float centerpositiony  bodygtGetWorldCenter.y     float radius  staticcastltb2CircleShapegtbodygtGetFixtureListgtGetShapegtmradius      glBeginGLLINESTRIP         forfloat angle  0 angle lt 360 angle              float angleInRadians  glmradiansangle             float x  glmcosangleInRadians             float y  glmsinangleInRadians              glVertex3fx,y,0              glEnd  codepre  p I know that code should draw the circle at the origin, but even then its not a perfect circle, if i understand correctly that should draw a circle at the origin with radius1 p  pThe other methods i used were a hrefhttpslabode.exofire.netcircledraw.shtml relnofollowhttpslabode.exofire.netcircledraw.shtmla a hrefhttpwww.opengl.orgdiscussionboardsshowthread.php167955drawingasmoothcircle relnofollowhttpwww.opengl.orgdiscussionboardsshowthread.php167955drawingasmoothcircleap  pThis is my OpenGL window setup code Its a stub program so im starting with hardcoded values codegluOrtho2D10, 15, 10, 15codep
Negative 10594 pI am working with springsecurityoauth2 and I faced with such exceptionp  precodeCaused by java.io.NotSerializableException com.samsung.diary.security.UserDetailsServiceImpl     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeObject0ObjectOutputStream.java1180     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.defaultWriteFieldsObjectOutputStream.java1528     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeSerialDataObjectOutputStream.java1493     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeOrdinaryObjectObjectOutputStream.java1416     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeObject0ObjectOutputStream.java1174 codepre  pIn my config file i havep  precodeltbeansbean idclientDetailsUserService classorg.springframework.security.oauth2.provider.client.ClientDetailsUserDetailsServicegt     ltbeansconstructorarg refclientDetails gt ltbeansbeangt  ltauthenticationmanager idclientAuthenticationManager gt     ltauthenticationprovider userservicerefclientDetailsUserService gt ltauthenticationmanagergt  ltauthenticationmanager aliasauthenticationManagergt     ltauthenticationprovider userservicerefuserDetailsServicegt     ltauthenticationprovidergt ltauthenticationmanagergt codepre  pIf I change it top  precodeltbeansbean idclientDetailsUserService classorg.springframework.security.oauth2.provider.client.ClientDetailsUserDetailsServicegt     ltbeansconstructorarg refclientDetails gt ltbeansbeangt  ltauthenticationmanager idclientAuthenticationManager gt     ltauthenticationprovider userservicerefclientDetailsUserService gt ltauthenticationmanagergt  ltauthenticationmanager aliasauthenticationManagergt     ltauthenticationprovidergt         ltuserservicegt             ltuser name2 password2 authoritiesROLEUSER gt         ltuserservicegt     ltauthenticationprovidergt ltauthenticationmanagergt codepre  peverething works perfect.p  pMy UserDetailsService implementationp  precodepublic class UserDetailsServiceImpl implements UserDetailsService       Autowired     QualifierusersDAO     private UsersDAO dao      TransactionalreadOnly  true     public UserDetails loadUserByUsernameString username             throws UsernameNotFoundException, DataAccessException           final com.samsung.diary.domain.User userEntity  dao.findByLoginusername         if userEntity  null             throw new UsernameNotFoundExceptionuser not found          String login  userEntity.getLogin         String password  userEntity.getPassword         boolean enabled  userEntity.getEnabled.equalstrue         boolean accountNonExpired  enabled         boolean credentialsNonExpired  enabled         boolean accountNonLocked  enabled          GrantedAuthority auth  new GrantedAuthority              private static final long serialVersionUID  1L              public String getAuthority                  return userEntity.getAuthority                               SetltGrantedAuthoritygt set  new HashSetltGrantedAuthoritygt         set.addauth          UserDetails details  new Userlogin, password, enabled, accountNonExpired, credentialsNonExpired, accountNonLocked,                 set         return details        codepre  pAs I understand there is something connected with Serializable interface but I cant figure out how to solve it.p  pstrongEDITstrong I made UserDetailsServiceImpl and UsersDAO Serializable and now it works. But I still dont understand where my UserDetailsServiceImpl is being written in a stream. If someone give me a hint I would be very appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pHi i want to upload multiple videos to a video site and i want to use imacros for that. i use a csv for file names tags etcp  pATM i set a high wait time after i press upload and then start to upload the next video. sometimes it starts a new uplaod to early or wait way to long  I want to optimize this by checking if the upload is finished and then starting the next upload.p  pi looked up how to use vbs script with imacro but the only sample i found was in javascript and i dont understand what it does op  pcan someone pls explain the program logic i should usep  pfrom this javascript sample i understand that i need 3 macros 1. for website login, 2. for fileupload and 3. for checking if the upload is done. And use some loop in the vbs to control the stuffp  pI hope someone can help mep  pSo far i think i found all i need but i cant put it together p  pjavascript sample 3rd post explains how to use the wait[i guess] a hrefhttpforum.iopus.comviewtopic.phpf11ampt12622 relnofollowhttpforum.iopus.comviewtopic.phpf11ampt12622ap  pand i need to pass a variable from vbs to imacros so that the jumps to next row in the csvsample a hrefhttpforum.iopus.comviewtopic.phpt8189 relnofollowhttpforum.iopus.comviewtopic.phpt8189ap  pMy macro atmp  precodeVERSION BUILD8021970 TAB T1 TAB CLOSEALLOTHERS URL GOTOwebsitelink  SET DATASOURCE videodaa.csv  SET LOOP 2  SET DATASOURCELINE LOOP  WAIT SECONDS1  upload file selection SIZE X1067 Y845 WAIT SECONDS0.594 DS CMDMOVETO X28 Y417 CONTENT WAIT SECONDS0.587  DS CMDMOVETO X105 Y152 CONTENT WAIT SECONDS0.000 DS CMDLDOWN X105 Y152 CONTENT WAIT SECONDS0.509 DS CMDLUP X105 Y152 CONTENT WAIT SECONDS0.435  DS CMDKEY CONTENTCOL1ENTER WAIT SECONDS0.5 restof the script  terms checkbox TAG POS1 TYPEINPUTCHECKBOX FORMIDform1 ATTRIDatampampVALUEon CONTENTYES WAIT SECONDS1.035  titel DS CMDCLICK X100 Y406 CONTENT WAIT SECONDS1.0 DS CMDKEY CONTENTCOL2 WAIT SECONDS1 category  TAG POS1 TYPESELECT FORMIDform1 ATTRIDcategory CONTENT1 WAIT SECONDS1.235 description DS CMDCLICK X206 Y560 CONTENT DS CMDKEY CONTENTCOL2 wait SECONDS1 press upload button  TAG POS1 TYPEBUTTONSUBMIT FORMIDform1 ATTRIDsbcampampVALUEstartltSPgtmyltSPgtupload  wait 2 min for upload to finish and start over wait SECONDS120 codepre  pthx in advancep
Negative 10594 pI just bought Xamarin student edition and reading in the starting tutorials.p  pIve found this code samplep  pa lambda expression as in the following examplep  precodeaButton.Click  sender, e gt      aLabel.Text  Hello from the button  codepre  pInstead, we could use a C 2.0 anonymous method with the delegate syntaxp  precodeaButton.Click  delegateobject sender, EventArgs e      aLabel.Text  Hello from the button  codepre  pThe source is a hrefhttpdocs.xamarin.comguidesandroidgettingstartedhello,world relnofollowherea p  pMy questions arep  ol lipWhen or why should I use a delegate  yes I did read C documentationpli lipWhat is better in this case a lambda or delegatepli ol  pTo be clear there is nothing wrong with the code I just cant find out why I should use the first or the second method.p
Negative 10594 pHow do I import and use JSON in CodeIgniter For example, the codesnippet below is written in Python and converts a hrefhttpwww.reddit.com.json relnofollowReddits front pagea into JSON and prints the keysp  precoderedditfront  rkind Listing, data modhash , children ...    import json j  json.loadsredditfront print j.keys codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a program that searches using ReadAllText from a file. The file is only 2.2meg. It reads about 80 and does not give an error. It just does not find my searches in the 20 extra text. What can i do. using c. Thanksp
Negative 10594 pI have the following different types of input codenvarcharcode valuesp  ul licodeFirstNameLastNamecodeli licodeFirstNamecodeli licodeLastNamecodeli ul  pI need to output codeFirstNamecode and codeLastNamecode as seperate columns in my SQL script.p  precodeSELECT FLname as Original     ,SUBSTRINGFLname, 0, ISNULLNULLIFCHARINDEX, FLname,0, LENFLname1 as FirstName     ,SUBSTRINGFLname, ISNULLNULLIFCHARINDEX, FLname1,1, LENFLname1, LENFLname1 as LastName codepre  pstrongThis logic does workstrong, but I find it unreadable, especially for future developers looking at this.p  pI know I can create a User Defined Function to store this logic, but Id rather avoid having to add this.p  pIs there a neater way of achieving the desired results as an inline SQL statementp
Negative 10594 pOk, I have a unique issue. I have a real estate wordpress website that uses IDX Internet Data Exchange data to show MLS Multiple Listing Service listings.  So all the IDX data is stored through my IDX providers site.  Currently, when a user submits a form, it goes to a results page that is hosted through my idx provider example a hrefhttpwww.mysite.idxco.comidxmy.accountresults.php relnofollowhttpwww.mysite.idxco.comidxmy.accountresults.phpa.  What I am trying to do is create a form which would render the results on the same page....how would I do that  If I am not being clear enough please let me know. p
Negative 10594 pI found a bug on bestbuy.com in IE8 and I cannot seem to understand why it occurs. It also occurs in IE8 on sites such as comcast.com and raymourflanigan.com, but not on google.com or godaddy.com.p  pThe following code throws a codeInvalid procedure call or argumentcode error specifically the last line is what throws the errorp  precodevar p  document.createElementp var holder  Element.prototype.appendChild holder.applydocument.body, [p] codepre  pThis is very strange because Ive tried it in other websites in IE8 and it works like a charm. I tried using code.callcode instead of code.applycode, and even storing a reference to the original codeappendChildcode method to another variable on the codeElementcode prototype, but both of these attempts threw the same error.p  pWhat is causing thisp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to add multiple maps on a single page using Jquery dialog and google Maps API V3p  pHere is my jquery Codep  precodefunction liveTracksetMapaccountID, deviceID, displayNameOfVehicle      var divtoBeAdded  ltdiv classltouterDivClass idltdialog  deviceID   titleLive Track   displayNameOfVehicle   gt ltinput typehidden gtltdiv classltmap styleheight200pxwidth200px idltmap  deviceID  gtltdivgtltdivgt     if ltdialog  deviceID.length  0          body.appenddivtoBeAdded         alertnew Div Added          if ltdialog  deviceID.length  0          ltdialog  deviceID.dialog             autoOpen true,             modal false,             resizable false,             draggable true,             close function                  this.dialogdestroy.remove                                if ltmap  deviceID.length  0          var mapOptions               center new google.maps.LatLng34.397, 150.644,             zoom 8,             mapTypeId google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP                  var map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdltmap  deviceID,             mapOptions       codepre  pAfter applying the map to the div Ill be using it to update the location of vehicle on the map evry 10 seconds. But the problem is that, p  p1 The number of divs are not fixedp  p2 The map object cannot be a global variable as their can be n number of map objects.p  p3 The map object cannot be accessed by its div ID.p  pHow should I go about it Any Ideas Please help.p
Negative 10594 pI have already posted  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16337056nottriggeringeventhandlerofuibuttonfromamethod.HERea .p  pand a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16318003addingauiviewstothesubviewwhichisalreadyaddedtothemainview.Here actually What I need to Deserveap  pIf I put this part of code code[self loadLocationView]code in codeUIButton and ViewDidLoad methodcode , codeIt works fine here.codep  pbut whenever I choose a location from TableVeiw and calling from a codeconfigureViewSlidercode method ,  It gets called to the method codeloadLocationViewcode  but Not updating UI. Here I have tried so far.p  precodevoid configureViewSlider       if detailItem          Location[detailItem description]         [self performSelectorOnMainThreadselectorbtnLocations withObjectnil  waitUntilDonefalse]         [btnLocations sendActionsForControlEventsUIControlEventTouchDown]          [self loadLocationView]      [self performSelectorOnMainThreadselectorloadLocationView withObjectnil waitUntilDoneNO]         [self loadView]         NSLogLocation , Location          void loadLocationView      viewLocBangalore.frame CGRectMake10, 10, 303,255     [self.view  addSubviewviewLocBangalore]       [self.View bringSubviewToFrontviewlocBangalore]     [viewLocBangalore setNeedsDisplay]   codepre  pWhat else I have to do to achieve it . I have tried in all possible ways . but No use .p  pPlease do some suggestion at least, Im ready to approach for any way which is ready deserve  my task i..e.. I have added a UITableVieContrller which has locations , when user touches the Location , the UIView should update .p
Negative 10594 pFirst of all, Im sorry if the title isnt clear enough I find it hard to explain what Im dealing with, and English isnt my native language.p  pThese two scripts cause three warningsp  blockquote   pWarning mysqlpconnect has been disabled for security reasons in   homeusernamepublichtmlxxxlibrariesadodbdriversadodbmysql.inc.php   on line 227p      pWarning mysqlrealescapestring   [function.mysqlrealescapestring] Access denied for user   rootlocalhost using password NO in   homeusernamepublichtmlxxxincludeconfig.php on line 140p      pWarning mysqlrealescapestring   [function.mysqlrealescapestring] A link to the server could not be   established in homeusernamepublichtmlxxxincludeconfig.php on   line 140p blockquote  pstrongThe Config PHPstrongp  precode    ifsban  1      bquery  SELECT count as total from bansips WHERE ip.mysqlrealescapestringSERVER[REMOTEADDR].     bresult  conngtexecutebquery     bcount  bresultgtfields[total]     ifbcount gt 0              brdr  config[baseurl].banned.php         headerLocationbrdr         exit       codepre  pstrongThe adodbmysql.inc.phpstrongp  precodefunction pconnectargHostname, argUsername, argPassword, argDatabasename              if ADODBPHPVER gt 0x4300             thisgtconnectionID  mysqlpconnectargHostname,argUsername,argPassword,thisgtclientFlags         else             thisgtconnectionID  mysqlpconnectargHostname,argUsername,argPassword         if thisgtconnectionID  false return false         if thisgtautoRollback thisgtRollbackTrans         if argDatabasename return thisgtSelectDBargDatabasename         return true          codepre  pWhat I dont understand is that theres no error whether using localhost or my other hosting I have 2 hosting services and only one that works well.p  pPlease, could you kindly suggest to me what to do in a very newbie wayp  pThank you very much in advance.p
Negative 10594 pI have been searching whole day how to customize comments template on Wordpress. Im working on new wordpress theme and trying to build it using bootstrap. At the end comment template got me stuck.p  pI never liked how wordpress customize comments and it was always pain to customize it, and now twitter bootstrap have nice comment nesting using media list.p  pBut problem is that wordpress use different nesting for children comments.p  pWhat i have rendering on template now is thisp  precodeltdiv idcommentsgt    ltul classmedialistgt       ltli idcomment124 classmediagt          ltdiv classavatar pullleftgt            avatar image          ltdivgt          ltdiv classmediabodygt             ltdiv classmediaheadinggt                comment info like time when posted             ltdivgt             ltpgt comment text ltpgt          ltdivgt       ltligt       ltul classchildrengt          And than children comment template from replies       ltulgt    ltulgt ltdivgt codepre  pWhat twitter bootstrap use is children comments nested inside main comment like thisp  precodeltul classmedialistgt    ltli classmediagt       lta classpullleft hrefgt         ltimg classmediaobject datasrcholder.js64x64gt       ltagt       ltdiv classmediabodygt          lth4 classmediaheadinggtMedia headinglth4gt          ...           lt Nested media object gt          ltdiv classmediagt          ...          ltdivgt       ltdivgt    ltligt ltulgt codepre  pWhat i need basically is to change ulchildren to load inside mediabody classp  pWhile i was searching for solution i came across some explanations that wordpress here uses WalkerComment class to customize comments template and there is  inside it but when i try to change or do some of my own customization nothing happens.p  pDoes anyone have any explanation how to fix thisp
Negative 10594 pHi all im looking for a way to get current system time in a timestamp. i used this to get timestampp  precodenew Date.getTime codepre  pbut it return the time in UTC timezone not the timezone that server usep  pis there any way to get timestamp with system timezonep
Negative 10594 pI installed mongodb on ubuntu 12.04 LTS. It was working fine.But now shell is giving error while connecting. The error isp  precodeThu May 9 110347.710 JavaScript execution failed Error couldnt connect to server 127.0.0.127017 at srcmongoshellmongo.jsL112 exception connect failed codepre  pI reinstall it but again same error p
Negative 10594 pIm wondering if anyone can give me any pointers in relation to the initialization of AMX MBeans on Glassfish. Im using GF v2.1.1, Java 6 running as 5 on a Mac.p  pWhenever I start up GF which I have to do and redo a LOT, my startup freezes for 90 seconds on this linep  precodeADM1079 Initialization of AMX MBeans started codepre  pI know that this is due to the proxy server at the company. We are behind a proxy server with NTLM authentication that causes enough problems in general, and I am running a local Authoxy http proxy instance on localhost to bypass the auth step.p  pIf I switch to a proxyfree network, and remove any system proxy settings, I can start up the server quickly and it doesnt stall here. Unfortunately I cant do this all the time as switching back and forth makes some things unstable. When Im in the corporate network and have set up the proxy on my system, I always get this delay.p  pSo I know roughly whats causing it, just wondered if anyone can point me in the right direction for speeding this up It doesnt seem to be timing out, as the server startup continues successfully 90s later. But maybe theres a way of changing AMX MBeans timeout settings, or somehow passing it specific proxy settings which it may not be picking up from the system.p  pThis has been plagueing me and my team for about a year and I cant find much info on configuring this piece of the startup online. So Im very grateful for any tips or just further info on AMX MBeans you can give me.p  precode09May2013 114546 com.sun.enterprise.admin.servermgmt.launch.ASLauncher buildCommand INFO  SystemLibraryJavaJavaVirtualMachines1.6.0.jdkContentsHomebinjava Dcom.sun.aas.instanceRootApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverdomainsdomain1 Dcom.sun.aas.ClassPathPrefix Dcom.sun.aas.ClassPathSuffixApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibojdbc5.jar Dcom.sun.aas.ServerClassPath Dcom.sun.aas.classloader.appserverChainJars.ee Dcom.sun.aas.classloader.appserverChainJarsadmincli.jar,admincliee.jar,j2eesvc.jar Dcom.sun.aas.classloader.excludesListadmincli.jar,appservupgrade.jar,sunappservant.jar Dcom.sun.aas.classloader.optionalOverrideableChain.ee Dcom.sun.aas.classloader.optionalOverrideableChainwebservicesrt.jar,webservicestools.jar Dcom.sun.aas.classloader.serverClassPath.eeDoes not existlibhadbjdbc4.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibSUNWjdmk5.1libjdmkrt.jar,Does not existlibdbstate.jar,Does not existlibhadbm.jar,Does not existlibhadbmgt.jar,optSUNWmfwklibmfwkinstrumtk.jar Dcom.sun.aas.classloader.serverClassPathApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibinstallapplicationsjmsraimqjmsra.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverimqlibjaxmapi.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverimqlibfscontext.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverimqlibimqbroker.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverimqlibimqjmx.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibantlibant.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibSUNWjdmk5.1libjdmkrt.jar Dcom.sun.aas.classloader.sharedChainJars.eeappservse.jar,appservee.jar,jesmfplugin.jar,Does not existlibdbstate.jar,Does not existlibhadbjdbc4.jar,jgroupsall.jar,optSUNWmfwklibmfwkinstrumtk.jar Dcom.sun.aas.classloader.sharedChainJarsjavaee.jar,SystemLibraryJavaJavaVirtualMachines1.6.0.jdkContentsHomelibtools.jar,installapplicationsjmsraimqjmsra.jar,comsuncommonslauncher.jar,comsuncommonslogging.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverimqlibjaxmapi.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverimqlibfscontext.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverimqlibimqbroker.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverimqlibimqjmx.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverimqlibimqxm.jar,webservicesrt.jar,webservicestools.jar,mail.jar,appservjstl.jar,jmxremoteoptional.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibSUNWjdmk5.1libjdmkrt.jar,activation.jar,appservrt.jar,appservadmin.jar,appservcmp.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverupdatecenterlibupdatecenter.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverjbilibjbi.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverimqlibimqjmx.jar,ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibantlibant.jar,dbschema.jar Dcom.sun.aas.configNameserverconfig Dcom.sun.aas.configRootApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverconfig Dcom.sun.aas.defaultLogFileApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverdomainsdomain1logsserver.log Dcom.sun.aas.domainNamedomain1 Dcom.sun.aas.installRootApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserver Dcom.sun.aas.instanceNameserver Dcom.sun.aas.processLauncherSE Dcom.sun.aas.promptForIdentitytrue Dcom.sun.enterprise.config.configenvironmentfactoryclasscom.sun.enterprise.config.serverbeans.AppserverConfigEnvironmentFactory Dcom.sun.enterprise.overrideablejavaxpackagesjavax.help,javax.portlet Dcom.sun.enterprise.taglibsappservjstl.jar,jsfimpl.jar Dcom.sun.enterprise.taglistenersjsfimpl.jar Dcom.sun.updatecenter.homeApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverupdatecenter Ddomain.namedomain1 Djava.endorsed.dirsApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibendorsed Djava.ext.dirsSystemLibraryJavaJavaVirtualMachines1.6.0.jdkContentsHomelibextSystemLibraryJavaJavaVirtualMachines1.6.0.jdkContentsHomejrelibextApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverdomainsdomain1libextApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverjavadblib Djava.library.pathApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlib Djava.security.auth.login.configApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverdomainsdomain1configlogin.conf Djava.security.policyApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverdomainsdomain1configserver.policy Djava.util.logging.managercom.sun.enterprise.server.logging.ServerLogManager Djavax.management.builder.initialcom.sun.enterprise.admin.server.core.jmx.AppServerMBeanServerBuilder Djavax.net.ssl.keyStoreApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverdomainsdomain1configkeystore.jks Djavax.net.ssl.trustStoreApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverdomainsdomain1configcacerts.jks Djdbc.driversorg.apache.derby.jdbc.ClientDriver Djmx.invoke.getterstrue Dsun.rmi.dgc.client.gcInterval3600000 Dsun.rmi.dgc.server.gcInterval3600000 client XXUnlockDiagnosticVMOptions Xms256m XXPermSize256m XXMaxPermSize256m Xmx512m XXNewRatio2 XXLogVMOutput XXLogFileApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverdomainsdomain1logsjvm.log cp ApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibjhall.jarApplicationsNetBeansSUNWappserverlibappservlaunch.jar com.sun.enterprise.server.PELaunch start Starting Sun GlassFish Enterprise Server v2.1.1 v2.1 Patch069.102 Patch12 build b31gfcs ... CORE5076 Using [Java HotSpotTM 64Bit Server VM, Version 1.6.045] from [Apple Inc.] SEC1002 Security Manager is OFF. Using MQ RA for Broker lifecycle control [   Version V1   Subject OUSecure Server Certification Authority, ORSA Data Security, Inc., CUS   Signature Algorithm MD2withRSA, OID  1.2.840.113549.1.1.2   Key  Sun RSA public key, 1000 bits   modulus 6144706769222379850430183405655235862870193813433361902309516534729547168229223442088128897090426025874990958624426272027915771330043379079076269082776443120496525109458437435793974957144923190172655546279112796066635455545786300647745888353781002359412766112775410851780140804282673804950495744761467   public exponent 65537   Validity [From Tue Nov 08 160000 PST 1994,                To Thu Jan 07 155959 PST 2010]   Issuer OUSecure Server Certification Authority, ORSA Data Security, Inc., CUS   SerialNumber [    02ad667e 4e45fe5e 576f3c98 195eddc0] ]   Algorithm [MD2withRSA]   Signature 0000 65 DD 7E E1 B2 EC B0 E2   3A E0 EC 71 46 9A 19 11  e.........qF... 0010 B8 D3 C7 A0 B4 03 40 26   02 3E 09 9C E1 12 B3 D1  ......amp.gt...... 0020 5A F6 37 A5 B7 61 03 B6   5B 16 69 3B C6 44 08 0C  Z.7..a..[.i.D.. 0030 88 53 0C 6B 97 49 C7 3E   35 DC 6C B9 BB AA DF 5C  .S.k.I.gt5.l.... 0040 BB 3A 2F 93 60 B6 A9 4B   4D F2 20 F7 CD 5F 7F 64  ....KM. ...d 0050 7B 8E DC 00 5C D7 FA 77   CA 39 16 59 6F 0E EA D3  ......w.9.Yo... 0060 B5 83 7F 4D 4D 42 56 76   B4 C9 5F 04 F8 38 F8 EB  ...MMBVv....8.. 0070 D2 5F 75 5F CD 7B FC E5   8E 80 7C FC 50           .u........P ]RequestIDba54c6aad5b5419d809a5db959e52842SEC5054 Certificate has expired [ [   Version V1   Subject OUSecure Server Certification Authority, ORSA Data Security, Inc., CUS   Signature Algorithm MD2withRSA, OID  1.2.840.113549.1.1.2   Key  Sun RSA public key, 1000 bits   modulus 6144706769222379850430183405655235862870193813433361902309516534729547168229223442088128897090426025874990958624426272027915771330043379079076269082776443120496525109458437435793974957144923190172655546279112796066635455545786300647745888353781002359412766112775410851780140804282673804950495744761467   public exponent 65537   Validity [From Tue Nov 08 160000 PST 1994,                To Thu Jan 07 155959 PST 2010]   Issuer OUSecure Server Certification Authority, ORSA Data Security, Inc., CUS   SerialNumber [    02ad667e 4e45fe5e 576f3c98 195eddc0] ]   Algorithm [MD2withRSA]   Signature 0000 65 DD 7E E1 B2 EC B0 E2   3A E0 EC 71 46 9A 19 11  e.........qF... 0010 B8 D3 C7 A0 B4 03 40 26   02 3E 09 9C E1 12 B3 D1  ......amp.gt...... 0020 5A F6 37 A5 B7 61 03 B6   5B 16 69 3B C6 44 08 0C  Z.7..a..[.i.D.. 0030 88 53 0C 6B 97 49 C7 3E   35 DC 6C B9 BB AA DF 5C  .S.k.I.gt5.l.... 0040 BB 3A 2F 93 60 B6 A9 4B   4D F2 20 F7 CD 5F 7F 64  ....KM. ...d 0050 7B 8E DC 00 5C D7 FA 77   CA 39 16 59 6F 0E EA D3  ......w.9.Yo... 0060 B5 83 7F 4D 4D 42 56 76   B4 C9 5F 04 F8 38 F8 EB  ...MMBVv....8.. 0070 D2 5F 75 5F CD 7B FC E5   8E 80 7C FC 50           .u........P ] SEC1143 Loading policy provider com.sun.enterprise.security.provider.PolicyWrapper. WEB0114 SSO is disabled in virtual server [server] WEB0114 SSO is disabled in virtual server [asadmin] JTS5014 Recoverable JTS instance, serverId  [54882] ADM1079 Initialization of AMX MBeans started codepre  pIt freezes here for about 90 seconds. See the next snippet with timestampsp  precode[20130509T114550.3940700INFOsunappserver2.1javax.enterprise.system.tools.adminThreadID10ThreadNamemainADM1079 Initialization of AMX MBeans started]  [20130509T114723.1350700INFOsunappserver2.1javax.enterprise.resource.resourceadapterThreadID10ThreadNamemainJMS Service Connection URL is mqmacbookro.americas.bmw.corp54881] codepre
Negative 10594 pim using Rails 3.2.6 trying to run p  precodeheroku run rake dbmigrate codepre  pi get the adaptar ERROR p  precoderake aborted Please install the mysql adapter gem install activerecordmysqladapter mysql is not part of the bundle. Add it to Gemfile. codepre  pin my strongdatabase.ymlstrong i have development, production, and test set top  precodeadapter mysql2 codepre  pthis is my stronggem envstrongp  precode  myapp gitmaster gem env RubyGems Environment    RUBYGEMS VERSION 1.8.24    RUBY VERSION 1.9.3 20121110 patchlevel 327 [x8664darwin11.4.2]    INSTALLATION DIRECTORY Usersjcollyer.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p327    RUBY EXECUTABLE Usersjcollyer.rvmrubiesruby1.9.3p327binruby    EXECUTABLE DIRECTORY Usersjcollyer.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p327bin    RUBYGEMS PLATFORMS      ruby      x8664darwin11    GEM PATHS       Usersjcollyer.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p327       Usersjcollyer.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p327global    GEM CONFIGURATION       updatesources gt true       verbose gt true       benchmark gt false       backtrace gt false       bulkthreshold gt 1000    REMOTE SOURCES       httprubygems.org codepre  pi have tried a few things i found googling, no luck.  any help appreciated thanks p
Negative 10594 pIm using the JMS Translation Bundle to extract my translations. Everything works, but when I try to extract my translation messages form a form builder I recieve following messagep  precode[JMSTranslationBundleExceptionRuntimeException]   Unable to extract translation id for form label from nonstring values, but got PHPParserNodeExprMethodCall in srvlocal.project.comapp..srcProjectMyBundleBundleFormTypeEmailType   .php on line 30. Please refactor your code to pass a string, or add  Ignore . codepre  pThe code I use for it is as followedp  precodepublic function constructtranslator              translation service passed from controller         thisgttrans  translator           public function buildFormFormBuilderInterface builder, array options              buildergtaddemail, repeated, array                 type gt email,                 firstname gt email,                 secondname gt emailrepeat,                  TRANSLATION GIVES ERROR ON NEXT LINE                           invalidmessage gt thisgttransgttransonline.form.email.errors.equal, array, messagesroadrunner,                  errorbubbling gt true,                 firstoptions  gt arraylabel gt thisgttransgttransonline.form.email.fields.one, array, messagesroadrunner,                 secondoptions gt arraylabel gt thisgttransgttransonline.form.email.fields.second, array, messagesroadrunner,                                buildergtaddoptin, checkbox, array             required  gt false,             label gt thisgttransgttransonline.form.email.fields.optin, array, messagesroadrunner                codepre  pThe strange thing is that in my controller I use the same thing, but there everything works as normalp  precodecontent[text]  thisgtgettranslatorgttransonline.tariff.text.noadvice, array, messagesroadrunner codepre  pDoes anyone have any experience with this problemp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pI am a bit new to Outlook forms, but not to VBA overall  nor HTMLWeb design of forms. However, my problem is finding a way to combine the two.p  pI am trying to design a form for users to fill out, and based on what they fill out in dropdown boxs, it will then tell them what we want them to attach in the email. Currently we have this done in Excel, based on dropboxs it then VLOOKUPS to the 2nd Spreadsheet that contains the forms required. p  pIs there anyway I can bring in the Excel with the VLOOKUP behind the scenes in my VBA Outlook Form so that it can lookup what attachments we want the user to do Otherwise, it would be a TON of SELECT CASE statements in VBA p
Negative 10594 pI have been experiencing the weirdest problem, that I cant even begin to troubleshoot. It is important that the webpage in this project I am working is 100 printable. As you can see the signature field below and the note field with the string erererer shows great in Google Chromes print preview but not when I actually print it out using the Chrome browser. In fact, the note field just prints out the border and nothing else looks like a white empty div with a border and the signature field prints out everything but the actual signature. When I use google chrome to save the document as a PDF and then print it out directly from the PDF everything prints perfect. When I use firefox to print, the signature area prints perfect, but the note problem remains of it only printing the outter border.p  pI would greatly appreciate any suggestions on how to begin to fix this or any input on why this may be happening.p  pMany thanks in advancep  pimg srchttpi44.tinypic.comb4ephw.png p
Negative 10594 pI am deploying a rails app with sidekiq. On each deploy Capistrano stops a previous running version of sidekiq a ruby process and then starts a new one. I am monitoring the sidekiq pid file with monit.p  pProblem Each time I deploy the pid file changes but monit detects that it has changed and restarts the process. Over the period of a few days and multiple releases I end up with multiple sidekiq instances when I only want one.p  pHere is my monit config for sidekiqp  precodecheck process sidekiqmain with pidfile srvappsorderscurrenttmppidssidekiq.pid   every 3 cycles   start program  binbash c l cd srvappsorderscurrent  nohup bundle exec sidekiq e production C srvappsorderscurrentconfigsidekiq.yml i 0 P srvappsorderscurrenttmppidssidekiq.pid gtgt srvappsorderscurrentlogsidekiq.log 2gtamp1 amp   stop program   binbash c l cd srvappsorderscurrent  bundle exec sidekiqctl stop srvappsorderscurrenttmppidssidekiq.pid 10   group sidekiq codepre  pIs there a way to configure monit to allow for the pid file to change and only make sure that a sidekiq instance is runningp
Negative 10594 pDecision trees one usually has to determine for each observation instance the outcomeclass e.g. sunshine, rain, ....p  pIm wondering if there is any data mining algorithm out there that can group instances based on an attribute that determines the class. p  pHere is an Example p  precodeday, outlook, temp, humidity, windy, play 1, sunny, 85, 85, false, no 2, sunny, 80, 90, true, no 3, overcast, 80, 90, true, no 3, rainy, 80, 90, true, no codepre  pIn this case I could for instance use play or outlook as an outcomeclass.p  pMy question is if there is any algorithm or method out there that would tell be that for instance outlook is an attribute that I could use as an outcomeclass.p
Negative 10594 pI want to develop an universal app . I am novice to this approach .That means a single apk for both tablet and phone application . I had go through p  pa hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comtoolsextrassupportlibrary.htmlSupport Libraryap  pa hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comguidecomponentsfragments.htmlFragmentsap  pMy aim is to build different UI for Tablet and Phone inside a single APk .p  pI had read a hrefhttpandroiddevelopers.blogspot.in201207gettingyourappreadyforjellybean.htmlGetting Your App Ready for Jelly Bean and Nexus 7a . This article mention thatp  precodereslayoutactivityhome.xml  To take advantage of the extra space on the 7 screen you might provide an alternative layout  reslayoutsw600dpactivityhome.xml  The sw600dp qualifier declares that these resources are for devices that have a screen with at least 600dp available on its smallest side.       Furthermore you might even provide a different layout for 10 tablets  reslayoutsw720dpactivityhome.xml codepre  pThat means we can use different layout for different device . This confuses mep  pstrongEDIT 1  Scenariostrongp  pSuppose p  precodeif my phone UI layout contains oneview pager and   tablet UI layout contain twoview pager  .  codepre  pHow can we achieve this  In this article it says that you an designe different layout with same name for different screen and keep it corresponding folder . But my doubt will this arise exceptions if it try to initialize widget component of Tablet layout when app is running in a phone .p  pstrongEDIT 2 strong The idea came into my mind is determine which type of device is i am using ie Tab or phone .p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9279111determineifthedeviceisasmartphoneortabletDetermine if the device is a smartphone or tabletap  pThen avoid the initialization of widgets if app is phone . Is there any better way than this p  pstrongEDIT 3 strong My application support from 2.3 to higher versionsp  pIf my layouts for tablet holds additional widgets compared to phone layout .How an i initialize and use . Hope all understood my need . So please clarify my doubt p
Negative 10594 pBelow is the string I havep  precodeNSString myString  file123.pdf                               codepre  pWhat I want to extract is 1 amp 23.p  pAny idea how to get thisp  pOther possible of string can be p  precodeNSString myString  file122.pdf NSString myString  file1238.pdf codepre  hr  pI believe I need to use method code NSString substringWithRangeNSRangerangecode, but confused on how to get second index of p  pFormat for string is p  precodefileanyNumberanyNumber.fileExtension codepre  pNOTE It have codecode two times and this is making me crazy.p
Negative 10594 pHow can I validate password for sequential valuep  pEg   if user enters 1326 or axdf in password then it is valid. p  pif use enter 1234 or abcd the it is invalid.p
Negative 10594 pIve two viewcontrollers with a custom segue fired by swipe gesture recognizer.p  pThe custom segue is thisp  precodevoidperform UIViewController sourceViewController  UIViewController[self sourceViewController] UIViewController destinationController  UIViewController[self destinationViewController]  CATransition transition  [CATransition animation] transition.type  kCATransitionPush transition.subtype  kCATransitionFromRight  [sourceViewController.navigationController.view.layer addAnimationtransition forKeykCATransition] [sourceViewController.navigationController pushViewControllerdestinationController animatedNO]  codepre  pIt works but it increments memory each time, I found this solution a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9995023howtoclearmemoryofpreviousviewcontrollerhow to clear memory of previous ViewControllerap  pBut if in the viewController name I put the main viewController when I swipe It goes to itself, if I put the secondViewController name it crashes.p  pHow can I resolve the memory problem Thanks at all.p
Negative 10594 pI have a userscript which Ive turned into a Chrome extension for my users that have Chrome. The userscript sets themes and has themes to choose from, but with just using localStorage, anything other than the main subdomain will just have the default theme. Im hoping using Chromes storage API will alleviate that, but Im stumped as to how to get it working.p  pHeres the original codep  precode  hasGM typeof GMdeleteValue  undefined,   get functionname        var val  this.hasGM            GMgetValueNAMESPACE  name            localStorage.getItemNAMESPACE  name      if val  undefined       return JSON.parseval      return defaultConfig[name]   ,   set functionname, val        name  NAMESPACE  name      if typeof val  number       val  JSON.stringifyval      return this.hasGM          GMsetValuename, val          localStorage.removeItemname, val,         localStorage.setItemname, val    , codepre  pAnd heres what I have so far, where val is printed as undefined even though I can do a console.log of result[NAMESPACE  name] and the values perfectly in the console.p  precode  hasGM typeof GMdeleteValue  undefined,   get functionname        names  NAMESPACE  name     var val  this.hasGM            GMgetValuenames            chrome.storage.local.getnames, functionresultreturn result[NAMESPACE  name]      if val  undefined       return JSON.parseval     console.logval     return defaultConfig[name]   ,   set functionname, val        name  NAMESPACE  name     setObj     setObj[name]val       if typeof val  number ampamp this.hasGM       val  JSON.stringifyval     return this.hasGM          GMsetValuename, val          chrome.storage.local.removename,         chrome.storage.local.setsetObj    codepre  pBasically I just cannot wrap my head around it and need some helpp  precode    for var key in defaultConfig       SS.conf[key]  parseValkey, this.getkey, functionarg          var val          val  arg[key]         return callbackval        codepre
Negative 10594 pIm suuuuper lazy and dont like making migrations. I want to make models Im going to use anyway and have something else figure out the migrations for me in ruby because .Net has spoiled me. Is there a gem that will give me active record migrations from models Can that even be possible since you never explicitly set types in rubyp
Negative 10594 pI am accessing the Google analytics API with PHP which works on my end but Id love to filter the results a bit further. Right now I am usingp  precodeOBJresultanalyticsgtdatagagtget         ga.profilID,         20120101,         dateYmd,         gavisits,         array             dimensions gt gapagePath,             metrics gt gapageviews,             sort gt gapageviews,             maxresults gt 25 codepre  pCurrently this returns a set of 25 pages sorted by its hits. I would love to restrict the results to a spesific path withing the server. So eg only query domain.comnews and only see what the most hit news pages are. I can filter with PHP but rather have the query as specific as possible.p  pThanks for the helpp
Negative 10594 pI have a webservice which sends me back an array of bytes like thisp  precodeltax23IMGBLOBgt119,80,78,71,13,10,26,10,0,0,0,13,73,72,68,82,0,0,0,100,0,0,0,106,8,3,0,0,0,125,54,4,22,0,0,0,51,80,76,84,69,0,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,73,107,30,126,0,0,0,16,116,82,78,83,0,16,32,48,64,80,96,112,128,112,96,80,64,48,32,16,84,32,88,56,0,0,2,126,73,68,65,84,120,38,19,90,65,110,124,32,12,4,68,64,69,32,1,81,35,53,78,96,40,4,79,70,118,86,90,113,51,106,101,116,120,33,127,3,43,72,101,84,13,127,80,42,40,7,42,63,100,108,72,124,53,45,75,38,84,62,84,32,41,97,125,72,118,95,9,89,7,0,123,56,115,88,101,35,98,90,79,122,14,84,113,84,49,62,116,63,101,126,71,9,112,58,66,25,45,127,95,51,118,113,127,20,52,29,124,1,34,121,31,78,71,100,119,76,113,32,5,111,65,117,37,43,11,23,82,65,118,107,63,40,42,91,21,24,96,12,47,101,22,64,33,8,122,31,104,20,123,99,9,9,106,104,67,80,7,123,79,38,78,73,114,51,35,99,118,29,44,21,45,27,59,13,59,87,66,14,118,117,66,91,120,89,104,102,69,7,57,124,114,20,11,101,118,119,2,40,37,91,69,35,111,99,60,25,28,99,44,2,46,46,9,100,99,108,101,81,28,85,56,49,50,98,86,126,56,50,6,64,93,41,75,23,44,63,13,86,29,2,34,97,38,69,33,32,44,83,61,72,89,26,4,122,102,14,68,8,93,16,100,80,106,14,123,69,52,113,102,47,96,114,79,19,105,122,88,10,10,74,43,83,72,49,87,57,33,82,84,47,45,43,71,115,5,92,97,10,102,37,72,104,72,43,126,111,120,81,41,46,91,20,51,16,115,9,88,94,83,100,15,53,116,79,18,97,37,113,35,23,17,19,99,30,72,5,79,24,45,77,108,63,77,22,54,9,67,24,43,39,17,104,40,123,101,124,94,58,120,83,2,77,77,111,79,112,126,99,88,2,78,57,39,24,2,73,62,62,119,53,5,49,128,101,23,73,16,21,9,53,57,86,72,73,35,73,112,110,17,18,81,71,93,59,103,36,63,118,74,40,38,41,125,35,112,108,48,68,107,118,109,78,98,70,72,8,27,84,73,36,55,119,68,18,54,86,79,44,102,16,92,44,84,79,93,74,35,7,73,74,97,1,72,66,104,21,36,60,102,78,33,18,53,10,8,8,9,64,93,31,41,4,90,13,97,56,98,124,92,21,72,126,28,77,11,27,37,43,67,62,90,112,49,47,94,112,24,40,119,4,71,36,126,20,119,112,50,21,89,112,89,51,68,101,60,78,99,91,7,56,38,8,79,99,125,108,76,79,91,20,9,101,5,54,122,6,46,10,64,52,112,32,83,40,68,83,13,47,30,124,52,58,17,45,91,68,13,25,46,70,71,12,4,16,93,13,64,112,102,37,113,101,74,66,113,45,22,18,7,98,112,6,29,1,30,121,103,8,79,108,57,96,118,75,1,77,43,6,52,128,81,57,116,24,113,63,66,128,63,120,127,63,82,66,63,28,99,56,2,104,15,2,64,46,8,47,85,47,66,8,30,77,16,3,74,58,81,89,116,22,56,74,0,0,0,0,73,69,78,68,82,66,96,126,ltax23IMGBLOBgt codepre  pThis array of bytes are used in Java for obtaining an image, Ive been trying with several methods without success, I will post one of them belowp  precodeUIImageView convierteImagen NSMutableString cadenaImagen     NSString to NSData temporary     NSData tempData  [cadenaImagen dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]      NSLogdatos crudos , tempData      2.NSData to Bytes     const void  bytes2  [tempData bytes]     int8t      bytes   int8tbytes2     int         len      tempData.length      cadenaImagen    [[NSMutableString alloc]init]      [cadenaImagen appendString[]     for int i  0 i lt len i          if i  [cadenaImagen appendString,]         [cadenaImagen appendFormatd, bytes[i]]          [cadenaImagen appendString]]      3.Bytes to NSData     NSData datos2  [NSData dataWithBytesbytes lengthlen]       return [[UIImageView alloc]initWithImage[UIImage imageWithDatadatos2]]  codepre  pand the way I call this method isp  precode voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]      NSMutableString imagen  [[NSMutableString alloc] initWithString119,80,78,71,13,10,26,10,0,0,0,13,73,72,68,82,0,0,0,100,0,0,0,106,8,3,0,0,0,125,54,4,22,0,0,0,51,80,76,84,69,0,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,73,107,30,126,0,0,0,16,116,82,78,83,0,16,32,48,64,80,96,112,128,112,96,80,64,48,32,16,84,32,88,56,0,0,2,126,73,68,65,84,120,38,19,90,65,110,124,32,12,4,68,64,69,32,1,81,35,53,78,96,40,4,79,70,118,86,90,113,51,106,101,116,120,33,127,3,43,72,101,84,13,127,80,42,40,7,42,63,100,108,72,124,53,45,75,38,84,62,84,32,41,97,125,72,118,95,9,89,7,0,123,56,115,88,101,35,98,90,79,122,14,84,113,84,49,62,116,63,101,126,71,9,112,58,66,25,45,127,95,51,118,113,127,20,52,29,124,1,34,121,31,78,71,100,119,76,113,32,5,111,65,117,37,43,11,23,82,65,118,107,63,40,42,91,21,24,96,12,47,101,22,64,33,8,122,31,104,20,123,99,9,9,106,104,67,80,7,123,79,38,78,73,114,51,35,99,118,29,44,21,45,27,59,13,59,87,66,14,118,117,66,91,120,89,104,102,69,7,57,124,114,20,11,101,118,119,2,40,37,91,69,35,111,99,60,25,28,99,44,2,46,46,9,100,99,108,101,81,28,85,56,49,50,98,86,126,56,50,6,64,93,41,75,23,44,63,13,86,29,2,34,97,38,69,33,32,44,83,61,72,89,26,4,122,102,14,68,8,93,16,100,80,106,14,123,69,52,113,102,47,96,114,79,19,105,122,88,10,10,74,43,83,72,49,87,57,33,82,84,47,45,43,71,115,5,92,97,10,102,37,72,104,72,43,126,111,120,81,41,46,91,20,51,16,115,9,88,94,83,100,15,53,116,79,18,97,37,113,35,23,17,19,99,30,72,5,79,24,45,77,108,63,77,22,54,9,67,24,43,39,17,104,40,123,101,124,94,58,120,83,2,77,77,111,79,112,126,99,88,2,78,57,39,24,2,73,62,62,119,53,5,49,128,101,23,73,16,21,9,53,57,86,72,73,35,73,112,110,17,18,81,71,93,59,103,36,63,118,74,40,38,41,125,35,112,108,48,68,107,118,109,78,98,70,72,8,27,84,73,36,55,119,68,18,54,86,79,44,102,16,92,44,84,79,93,74,35,7,73,74,97,1,72,66,104,21,36,60,102,78,33,18,53,10,8,8,9,64,93,31,41,4,90,13,97,56,98,124,92,21,72,126,28,77,11,27,37,43,67,62,90,112,49,47,94,112,24,40,119,4,71,36,126,20,119,112,50,21,89,112,89,51,68,101,60,78,99,91,7,56,38,8,79,99,125,108,76,79,91,20,9,101,5,54,122,6,46,10,64,52,112,32,83,40,68,83,13,47,30,124,52,58,17,45,91,68,13,25,46,70,71,12,4,16,93,13,64,112,102,37,113,101,74,66,113,45,22,18,7,98,112,6,29,1,30,121,103,8,79,108,57,96,118,75,1,77,43,6,52,128,81,57,116,24,113,63,66,128,63,120,127,63,82,66,63,28,99,56,2,104,15,2,64,46,8,47,85,47,66,8,30,77,16,3,74,58,81,89,116,22,56,74,0,0,0,0,73,69,78,68,82,66,96,126]      [self.view addSubview[self convierteImagenimagen]]  codepre  pAny help I will appreciate p
Negative 10594 pI have 2 use casesp  ol liClosable button clicking the X at the upper right corner will close the button    li liMultiaction possibly via combobox button e.g. Save, Save Asli ol  pIs this something that can be accomplished by templating the control If so, please provide sample code or links that everybody can reference. Thanks.p
Negative 10594 pI setup a foreground dispatch likep  precode    mAdapter  NfcAdapter.getDefaultAdapterthis mPendingIntent  PendingIntent.getActivitythis, 0, new Intentthis,         getClass.addFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYSINGLETOP, 0 mFilters  new IntentFilter[]  new IntentFilter         NfcAdapter.ACTIONTECHDISCOVERED    Setup a tech list for all NfcF tags mTechLists  new String[][]  new String[]  MifareClassic.class         .getName   codepre  pAnd i havep  precodeOverride public void onResume  super.onResume mAdapter.enableForegroundDispatchthis, mPendingIntent, mFilters,         mTechLists  codepre  pBut when screen rotates foreground dispatch stop calling public void onNewIntentIntent intent.p  pWhat im doing wrongp
Negative 10594 pIs it possible to split multivalued dynamic fieldsp  pSchemap  pcodeltdynamicField names  typestring  indexedtrue  storedtrue multiValuedtruegt codep  pDIHconfigp  precodeltfield columns splitBy gt codepre  pIt doesnt seem to work. Any help is appriciatedp  pUPDATE inspired on the commentp  precodeltdataConfiggt   ltdataSource drivercom.microsoft.sqlserver.jdbc.SQLServerDriver    urljdbcsqlserverdataimporter.request.sqlserverdatabaseNamedataimporter.request.sqlcatelogresponseBufferingadaptive    userdataimporter.request.sqluser    passworddataimporter.request.sqlpassword    readOnlytrue batchSize500gt    ltscriptgtlt[CDATA[     function SplitDynamicColumnrow, context        var fields  context.getAllEntityFields         find dynamic columns with splitBy rule       for var f  0 f lt fields.size f          var field  fields.getf         var columnMask  field.getcolumn          if columnMask.contains ampamp field.containsKeysplitBy            var columnNameRegex  columnMask.replace, w            var columns  row.keySet.toArray             find columns that match mask           for var c  0 c lt columns.length c              var columnName  columns[c]             if columnName.matchescolumnNameRegex                   split column value                var value  row.getcolumnName                if value  null                   var arr  new java.util.ArrayList                  var sp  value.splitfield.getsplitBy                  for var i  0 i lt sp.length i                     arr.addsp[i]                                    row.putcolumnName, arr                                                                return row        ]]gtltscriptgt    ltdocument namepagesgt     ltentity namepages transformerRegexTransformer,scriptSplitDynamicColumn queryEXEC ASTOREDPROCEDUREgt       ltfield columns splitBy gt     ltentitygt   ltdocumentgt ltdataConfiggt codepre
Negative 10594 pwell, Ive put this logging.properties configuration file to my web apps src directoryp  precode    handlers  org.apache.juli.FileHandler, java.util.logging.ConsoleHandler    Handler specific properties.  Describes specific configuration info for Handlers.   org.apache.juli.FileHandler.level  FINE org.apache.juli.FileHandler.directory  catalina.baselogs org.apache.juli.FileHandler.prefix  GenTree.  java.util.logging.ConsoleHandler.level  FINE java.util.logging.ConsoleHandler.formatter  java.util.logging.SimpleFormatter codepre  pBut I cant find anything that I output in the logs except for console and there are no files starting with GenTree anywhere... Does anybody know anything about this As much as I understand its probably using the default settings of my jre that tomcat uses. But I want project specific settings for this project.p  pI mean how am I supposed to set up the logging Did I miss anything Theres something about logs in tomcats server.xml, should I modify it I mean havent found anything about modifying in server.xml in any article about logging in tomcat. But right now Tomcat does seem to be loggin this pattern which is described in server.xmlp  precodelt Access log processes all example.          Documentation at docsconfigvalve.html          Note The pattern used is equivalent to using patterncommon gt     ltValve classNameorg.apache.catalina.valves.AccessLogValve directorylogs patternh l u t ampquotrampquot s b prefixlocalhostaccesslog. suffix.txtgt codepre  pCan somebody explain pleasep  pEdit Ive checked the JRE directory JAVAHOME and it doesnt have any logging.properties at all...p
Negative 10594 pIve been fighting with this python code for a while and getting various errors when I try to execute.p  precodeimport csv import MySQLdb  open the connection to the MySQL server.  using MySQLdb mydb  MySQLdb.connecthostmyhostinfo, userme, passwdmypw, dbthedatabase cursor  mydb.cursor  read the presidents.csv file using the python  csv module httpdocs.python.orglibrarycsv.html csvdata  csv.readerfileCHNmod.csv  execute the for clicle and insert the csv into the  database. for row in csvdata      cursor.executeINSERT INTO INDICATORSINDICATORNAME,              , INDICATORCODE              VALUESs, s,  row close the connection to the database. cursor.close print Import to MySQL is over codepre  pMy code validates in an online python validator, but Im getting errorsp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File importdata.py, line 23, in ltmodulegt     VALUESs, s , row   File usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesMySQLdbcursors.py, line 201, in execute     self.errorhandlerself, exc, value   File usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesMySQLdbconnections.py, line 36, in defaultterrorhandler     raise errorclass, errorvalue mysqlexceptions.ProgrammingError 1064, You have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near  INDICATORCODEVALUESIndicator Name, Indicator Codegt at line 1 codepre
Negative 10594 pHi I am trying to sum an array on Javascript with the following codes.p  precodevar data[]  var total0 data.push[x]  x is numbers which are produced dynamically.  forvar i0, ndata.length i lt n i       totaltotaldata[i]   alerttotal codepre  pfor example if x values are are respectively 5,11,16,7. It shows the total value as 511167 not sum the values 51116739 Do you have any idea why it results like that Thanks.p
Negative 10594 pI need to be able to add specific HTML and CSS dynamically to banners used for people that donate to a charity I work with.  The credits will be displayed across multiple partner sites. The problem is that the charitys banner can change quite often, given different events that take place. Some partners require specific text type, and other CSS styling. Now this could be done manually, by hard coding each page. But updating so many sites for every event gets difficult.p  pThe idea I hadp  pSort each partners needs light bannerdark banner, lightdark text, link color, etc. into one database on the charitys server.p  pThen, have each partner add an emptyp  precodeltdiv idcharityDivgt     ltimg srcgt     lta hrefgtltagt ltdivgt codepre  pand some form of unique javascript token that would be used to reference the external database.p  pThen, when the page is loaded the database can be referenced, and the proper images, text, and CSS would be displayed.p  hr  pDoes anyone know of a better way to do what I am trying to do Does anyone have a good tutorial or example to start research on thisp
Negative 10594 pIve spent quite a few hours trying anything i can but i cant find any answer so far.p  pIm trying to create an animation where the visitor clicks on a square image, which will flip to a trapeze shape much like the new Windows logo. from behind this element, at the same time, another div will slide out to the right with information regarding the image.p  pCreating this is fine, see a working example a hrefhttpdxsxgn.comdxsxgn relnofollowon my site, hereap  p this currently only works in webkit browsers as i havent got round to vendor prefixes and the div behind isnt sliding out correctly yet, but im sure you can understand what im trying to achieve here something like the Windows 8 start screen tiles.p  pThe animation used is flipInY from animate.css with the middle keyframes removed. I was originally going to use Hover to run the animation however trying to implement this on a mobile site would be understandably difficult, so a jQuery onClick event seemed like a better option.p  pI have managed to get the onClick switchClass JQuery function to work but only for the first animation, the second click just starts the animation again rather than truly reversing it. Id include the code here but i removed it in search for a better solution which i havent found.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8915001howcanianimatemydivtoslideoutonbuttonclickThis question and answer goes a way to solving the problem, however it is for a different slideUp animation and uses two different buttons, which id rather replace with one button that would toggle the effect.ap  pId really appreciate any help, and if you think im attempting this in completely the wrong way please suggest something elsep
Negative 10594 pI am trying to add codeidcode property to my node. Its value is properly saved to neo4j database, which i can confirm with webadmin app. But if I later try to access it or serialize to json this property is set with the value of codeneoIdcode. p  pI would really need this property and Ive read before that I shouldnt use codeneoIdcode as a way to identify objects.p  pDo you have any idea how to get desired effect p  pI should have mentioned that I am using Neo4j.rb with Rails.p
Negative 10594 pI try to make a redirect from a special folder to a special host.p  pWhen somebody enter a hrefhttpmydomain.comadministrator relnofollowhttpmydomain.comadministratora he should be redirected to a hrefhttpsaotherdomain.commydomain.comadministrator relnofollowhttpsaotherdomain.commydomain.comadministratorap  pWhat I have is this in a .htaccess file in DOCUMENTROOT .. but it want work p  precodeRewriteEngine on RewriteCond HTTPS off RewriteCond HTTPHOST .mydomain.com [NC] RewriteCond REQUESTURI administrator [NC] RewriteRule administrator. httpsaotherdomain.commydomain.comadministrator1     [QSA,R301,L] codepre  pAny Ideasp  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pnow I use this, which works in apache configuration files for the vhostp  precodeRewriteEngine on RewriteCond HTTPS off RewriteCond HTTPHOST .mydomain.com [NC] RewriteCond REQUESTURI administrator [NC] RewriteRule . httpsaotherdomain.commydomain.com1 [R301,L] codepre  pThanks, Thomasp
Negative 10594 pI have a Ruby script that runs just fine on its own when I callp  precoderuby backup.rb codepre  pI am now trying to daemonize running that script, following instructions from a hrefhttpdaemons.rubyforge.org relnofollowhttpdaemons.rubyforge.orga by creating a backupcontroller.rb file like thisp  precodein backupcontroller.rb  require rubygems require daemons  Daemons.runbackup.rb codepre  pWhen I try to run the program withp  precoderuby backupcontroller.rb start        also with run codepre  pI get a permission denied error. Ive tried updating all of the permissions for the involved files with chmod x, but nothing is changing. Since the backup.rb runs just fine on its own, I assume the issue has to be with it being called via daemon. Any insight as the why this might be the casep
Negative 10594 pI want to compare the rows in a spreadsheet CSV with a list[] of good values, and create a blacklist of the bad rows any row that contains a value that doesnt appear in the whitelist is printed to a file.p  precodeif anyitem in row[4] for item in lisst     printrowEdit scaffolding     writer.writerowrowEdit codepre  pmatches everything to the items in the whitelist and writes it to filep  precodeif anyitem in row[4] for item not in lisst     printrowEdit     writer.writerowrowEdit codepre  pseems like it ought to print me the part of the file that is not whitelisted, for manual edit to add to the whitelist.  It doesnt.p  pThe data I am sorting is a CSV file with assetdata.  I want to output split by OS, which is the row[4] list item.br The indentation is a little messed up...p  precode    import csv  def main choice  chew filenamerawinputenter the filenamegt   while choice  swallow      oschoice  rawinputEnter  1 for Linux,n       2 for Windowsn       3 for all others andn       4 to exit the script gt        qu       if oschoice  1         qu  nix     elif oschoice  2         qu  win     elif oschoice  3         qu  other     elif oschoice  4         choice  swallow         break     else continue     ttitleblockfilename     Llabelsfilename     ccontentfilename, qu     printt,n,c,n,r,n return 0  def contentfilename, qu  with openqucontentfilename, wb as content     writer  csv.writercontent     with openfilename, rb as mycsv         reader  csv.readermycsv         counter  0          for counter,row in enumeratereader             if counter lt 7 continue                if counter gt [2]  break  This stringslicing technique doesnt work on lists made by csv module for some reason             rowEdit  [row[0],row[22],row[2], row[4], row[6], row[15], row[16], row[11], row[18], row[19], row[20], row[25], row[26], row[27], row[28], row[29], row[30], row[31]]             chklist[OS, Linux 2.42.6  Embedded Device, Linux 2.42.6, Linux 2.6, Red Hat Enterprise Linux ES 4, Red Hat Enterprise Linux Server 5.8, Linux]             chklist2  Linux             wchklist[OS, Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 2, Windows Server 2008 R2 Enterprise 64 bit Edition Service Pack 1,Windows]             ochklistchklistwchklist             if qu  nix                 lisst  chklist                 if anyitem in row[4] for item in lisst                     printrowEdit                     writer.writerowrowEdit             elif qu  win                 lisst  wchklist                 if anyitem in row[4] for item in lisst                     printrowEdit                     writer.writerowrowEdit             elif qu  other                  lisst  ochklist                 splisst  setlisst                 if anyitem not in row[4] for item in lisst                 if splisst amp row[4].split                     printrowEdit                     writer.writerowrowEdit codepre  pIn the end  was hunting for type that made it clear to me  as usual, I was trying too hard.p  precodeelif qu  other  lisst  ochklist if row[4] not in lisst     printeureka     printrowEdit     writer.writerowrowEdit codepre  pThanks for helping me work through it.p
Negative 10594 pI have a string that looks like thisp  precodeltbrgtltdescriptiongtUsing a combination of remote probes, TCPIP, SMB, HTTP, NTP, SNMP, etc... it is possible to guess the name of the remote operating system in use, and sometimes its version.ltdescriptiongtltbrgtltfnamegtosfingerprint.naslltfnamegtltbrgtltpluginmodificationdategt20121201ltpluginmodificationdategtltbrgtltpluginnamegtOS Identificationltpluginnamegtltbrgtltpluginpublicationdategt20031209ltpluginpublicationdategtltbrgtltplugintypegtcombinedltplugintypegtltbrgtltriskfactorgtNoneltriskfactorgtltbrgtltsolutiongtnaltsolutiongtltbrgtltsynopsisgtIt is possible to guess the remote operating system.ltsynopsisgtltbrgtltpluginoutputgtltbrgtRemote operating system  Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 Enterprise Service Pack 1ltbrgtConfidence Level  99ltbrgtMethod  MSRPCltbrgtltbrgt ltbrgtThe remote host is running Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 Enterprise Service Pack 1ltpluginoutputgtltbrgt codepre  pI want to extract the Remote operating system  and get Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 Enterprise Service Pack 1.p  precodeRemote operating system  Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 Enterprise Service Pack 1ltbrgt codepre  pSo I crafted up a regular expression usingp  precodePattern pattern  Pattern.compileltbRemote operating system b.bltbrgtb codepre  pBut my regular expression doesnt seem to be working.  Any idea  Also is this a good way to extract this operating system string out or I should do it another way  Thanksp
Negative 10594 pI have a nested form for uploading photos of user. p  precode          lt f.fieldsfor photos do photo gt                  lt imagetag photo.object.avatar.urlthumb, class gt foodiophoto unless f.object.newrecord or photo.object.newrecord gt                  lt photo.filefield avatar, style gt none gt           lt end gt            lt f.linktoadd Add Photos, photos,                      dataassociationinsertionnodegt .photos,                      dataassociationinsertionposition gt append,                      datatype gt link, class gt subcatlinkgt  codepre  pUsing this i can upload multiple photos and first, second etc photos can be accessed. But here i want to upload as photos.first and photo.second instead of access.p  pSomething likep  precode          lt f.fieldsfor photos.first do photo gt                  lt imagetag photo.object.avatar.urlthumb, class gt foodiophoto unless f.object.newrecord or photo.object.newrecord gt                  lt photo.filefield avatar, style gt none gt           lt end gt           lt f.fieldsfor photos.second do photo gt                  lt imagetag photo.object.avatar.urlthumb, class gt foodiophoto unless f.object.newrecord or photo.object.newrecord gt                  lt photo.filefield avatar, style gt none gt           lt end gt codepre  pBut it is not working. gives error of p  precode  undefined method newrecord for nilNilClass codepre  pCan anybody tell how to do itp
Negative 10594 pI am working on creating a digraph but it ends up being larger than my window, so rather than constantly making a larger window I want to allow scrolling.  Later I will also allow the user to rotate the graph, as it will be in 3D.p  pSo, how do I scroll around in pygletp  pI found thisp  precodeglMatrixModeGLPROJECTION glLoadIdentity glOrthoClipBox.x1,ClipBox.x2,ClipBox.y1,ClipBox.y2,ClipBox.z1,ClipBox.z2 glMatrixModeGLMODELVIEW codepre  pBut I am not certain if there is a better option.p  pBy looking at a hrefhttpwww.pyglet.orgdocprogrammingguidemouseevents.html relnofollowhttpwww.pyglet.orgdocprogrammingguidemouseevents.htmla I can see what events I need to use, such as mouse drag and the scroll wheel, I just need to give the user the impression that the view is moving as they expect.p
Negative 10594 pIf i have a text file with each line of different length, how does the following code workp  precodeFILE ptr char str[100] ptrfopenhi.txt,r whilefgetsstr,100,ptrNULL  ........ ........  codepre  pIn this code the str will hold 100 characters which includes some of the characters from 2nd line of text fileif the 1st line of file is 90 chars then 10 chars from second line will also be read.. If i am correct, can you please tell how to read exactly only one line during every readyp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to configure fontawesome for a Rails3 app hosted in Heroku and using CDN Sumo addon which uses cloudfront CDN.p  pThe problem is that Firefox is not loading the font assets. I think that the problem is the AccessControlAllowOrigin problem in Firefox. But I cant fix it by using fontassets gem or setting CORS policy in Cloudfront I dont have access to it because Im using CDN Sumo addon.p  pAny ideap  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI have a winforms with a MonthCalendar control and a button. The button has the following codep  precodePrivate Sub Button1Clicksender As System.Object, e As System.EventArgs Handles Button1.Click         myMonthCalendar.SelectionRange.Start  Convert.ToDateTime01 jan 2012 End Sub codepre  pWhat I was hoping would happen is that when I hit the button the calendar changes to the month of Jan 2012. When I hit the button no error occurs but it is still on the current month.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.combcpnZ.png altenter image description herep  pHow do I get it to change to Jan 2012p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to use partials in my layout on ZF2. p  pI tried few methods including those that are described here, where a user has to include a partial to the rout in the module config. Every time I am getting the same error.p  pFor example, I am following instructions from the ZF2 documentation a hrefhttpframework.zend.commanual2.2enmoduleszend.view.helpers.partial.htmlzendviewhelpersinitialpartial relnofollowhttpframework.zend.commanual2.2enmoduleszend.view.helpers.partial.htmlzendviewhelpersinitialpartialap  ppartials.phtml is in the same folder as the layout.phtml. The server and I tried both, apache and building PHP server throws an errorp  precode[Fri Jun 14 184034 2013] 127.0.0.136616 [500]   Uncaught exception ZendServiceManagerExceptionServiceNotFoundException with message  ZendViewHelperPluginManagerget was unable to fetch or create an instance for partial in varwwwframeworksZF2libraryZendServiceManagerServiceManager.php496 Stack trace 0 varwwwframeworksZF2libraryZendServiceManagerAbstractPluginManager.php103 ZendServiceManagerServiceManagergtgetpartial, true 1 varwwwframeworksZF2libraryZendViewRendererPhpRenderer.php378 ZendServiceManagerAbstractPluginManagergtgetpartial, NULL 2 varwwwframeworksZF2libraryZendViewRendererPhpRenderer.php397 ZendViewRendererPhpRenderergtpluginpartial 3 varwwwhtmlzf2.tutorialmoduleApplicationviewlayoutlayout.phtml129 ZendViewRendererPhpRenderergtcallpartial, Array 4 varwwwhtmlzf2.tutorialmoduleApplicationviewlayoutlayout.phtml129 ZendViewRendererPhpRenderergtpartialpartial.phtml, Array 5 varwwwframeworksZF2libraryZendViewRendererPhpRenderer. in varwwwframeworksZF2libraryZendServiceManagerServiceManager.php on line 496 codepre  pI am using PHP5.5.0RC3, ZF2.2.1 and Apache 2.2.15p  pAny suggestions would be appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pThis may be a bit of a dumb question but I just wanted to check exactly when a codeWITHcode statement fires. This is probably best described via an example. We have the view at the bottom.p  pThe view extracts the required information from the XML Nodes to make it easier to display on reports, screens etc... We will only ever call this view passing in a Date range or a TableName. p  pMy question is, when this view is called as ...p  precodeselect   from [Core].[vwDBAudit]  where TableName  CorporateActions  codepre  pwill the codeWITHcode statement only run for records with codeTableName  CorporateActionscode or will it run for ALL records. I.e. will it strip out the XML nodes for ALL records in the table, or only for ones where the codetablename  CorporateActionscode My concern is that its doing more work than it needs to. If itll run for all records then Ill remove the codeWITHcode statement and just just code it as a select. This code is written by someone else so I want to be sure before I go back to them. p  precodeCREATE VIEW [Core].[vwDBAudit] AS WITH AuditTable AS  SELECT      r.Actions     ,r.CreatedBy     ,r.WhenCreated     ,r.WhenModified     ,r.TableName     ,r.EntityKey     ,r.UserId     ,r.RevisionStamp     ,SELECT u.UserName FROM aspnetUsers u WHERE u.UserId  r.UserId AS UserName       ,a.changeddata.valueProperty[1], varchar100  AS Property     ,a.changeddata.valueOldValue[1], varchar100  AS OldValue     ,a.changeddata.valueNewValue[1], varchar100  AS NewValue     ,a.changeddata.valueOldValuexsitype[1],varchar30  AS OldValueDataType     ,a.changeddata.valueNewValuexsitype[1],varchar30  AS NewValueDataType    FROM      Core.DBAudit r     cross apply r.[ChangedColumns].nodesArrayOfModifiedPropertyModifiedProperty as achangeddata   SELECT       r.     ,CASE WHEN  r.OldValueDataType  xsddateTime THEN                    CONVERTDATETIME, substringr.OldValue,1,19       ELSE        null       END  as OldDateValue           ,CASE WHEN  r.NewValueDataType  xsddateTime  THEN                     CONVERTDATETIME, substringr.NewValue,1,19       ELSE         null      END  as NewDateValue     FROM  AuditTable r codepre
Negative 10594 pI realize this question has been asked before, but the other thread does not seem to have provided the answer. I have installed codePEARcode and codePECLhttpcode extension, but I am still getting this error. Do I need to include a file before using thisp  pAny help would be appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI would like to ask you for help with following problem. I have methodp  precodeString sql  INSERT INTO table .... Query query  em.createNativeQuerysql query.executeUpdate sql  SELECT maxid FROM ...... query  em.createNativeQuerysql Integer importId  BigDecimal query.getSingleResult.intValue  for EndurDealItem item  deal.getItems          String sql2  INSERT INTO anothertable         em.createNativeQuerysql2.executeUpdate      codepre  pAnd after executing it, data are not commited it takes like 10 or 15 minutes until data are commited. Is there any way how to commit data explicitly or trigger commit And what causes the transaction to remain uncommited for such a long timep  pThe reason we use nativeQueries is, that we are exporting data on some shared interface and we are not using the data anymore.p  pI would like to mention, that the transaction is ContainerManaged by Geronimo. EntityManager is created via linkingp  precode PersistenceContextunitName  XXXX, type  PersistenceContextType.TRANSACTION  private EntityManager em codepre
Negative 10594 pI am creating a website having option to login using facebook,google etclike stackoverflow.com it has an option to login as a google user etc.p  pMy question is p  ul lihow to manage the user accounts.i mean users activitiesli ul  pmy user database is p  h1regusermodels.pyh1  precodeclass Employermodels.Model     usermodels.OneToOneFieldUser     companyname models.CharFieldmaxlength100,blankTrue     leadermodels.BooleanFielddefaultTrue     avatar  models.ImageFieldProfile Pic, uploadtoimages, blankTrue, nullTrue         def unicodeself         return self.user.username   class Jobseekermodels.Model     usermodels.OneToOneFieldUser     avatar  models.ImageFieldProfile Pic, uploadtoimages, blankTrue, nullTrue     def unicodeself         return self.user.username codepre  h1fblogin.htmlh1  precode lthtmlgt       ltheadgt         lttitlegtMy Facebook Login Page with listenerlttitlegt       ltheadgt      ltbodygt         ltdiv idfbrootgtltdivgt            ltdiv classboxgt     ltdiv classinfogt         This is an example of subscribing to the auth login event     ltdivgt     ltdiv classfbloginbuttongtLogin with Facebookltdivgt       ltdivgt       ltscriptgt  window.fbAsyncInit  function  FB.init     appId ,     status true,     cookie true,     xfbml true,     oauth true   FB.Event.subscribeauth.login, functionresponse               status ,          Current status of the session         authResponse            Information about the current session            userID            String representing the current users ID            signedRequest ,   String with the current signedRequest            expiresIn ,       UNIX time when the session expires            accessToken ,     Access token of the user                      alertevent status   response.status   FB.getLoginStatusfunctionresponse                  status connected,          authResponse              accessToken ...,             expiresIn...,             signedRequest...,             userID...                       alertgetLoginStatus   response.status      if response.statusconnected          FB.apime,functionresponse               var fieldnamethis.attrid             var fieldvalthis.val            var params  param1response.name, response.id              .ajax url createfbuser,             dataType json,             data params,                        success setResult                                                    functiond      var js, id  facebookjssdk     if d.getElementByIdid      return          js  d.createElementscript     js.id  id     js.async  true     js.src  connect.facebook.netenUSall.js     d.getElementsByTagNamehead[0].appendChildjs     document ltscriptgt ltbodygt    lthtmlgt codepre  pstrongdo i need to add some thing like instrongp  h1regusermodels.pyh1  precode......other modelslisted above  class userFacebookmodels.Model     usermodels.OneToOneFieldUser codepre  pand create the user after first time facebook login like    p  h1urls.pyh1  precode.....other urls  urlrcreatefbuser, createfacebookuserajax, codepre  h1reguserviews.pyh1  precodedef createfacebookuserajaxrequest     fnamerequest.GET[param1]     fidrequest.GET[param2]             User.objects.createuserwhat are the things i want to provide here.     if i provide the facebook username then there may be already a user with same username codepre  por is there any other method.. p  pSorry i am new to facebook login.p
Negative 10594 pso please excuse my ignorance, but after thorough research I cant seem to find the answer as to why my video site is not working... This is the error message I keep gettingp  pParse error syntax error, unexpected TSTRING in homecontent9410213294htmlROOTNAMEvideopagesettings.php on line 6p  pThis is the codep  precodedefineBUSINESSNAME, The Biz Inc defineBUSINESSCONTACT, 6222 8989 8988 defineBUSINESSADDRESS, 123 Story Street Anywhere NY 11218 defineMAINHEADLINE, You Are Turning Away A Large Portion Of Your Customersltbr gtThey Want Speed amp Simplicity.ltbr gtDont You... defineSUBHEADLINE, Watch the short video presentation below... defineDISPLAYFORMDELAY, 1000 defineCALLTOACTION, Enter Your Details Below Toltbr gtReceive Your Sample Mobile Website... definePRIVACYMESSAGE, Your privacy is 100 guaranteed.ltbr gtYour information will only be used to contact you regarding this service. codepre  pCan anyone please help me find the solution to what is wrong with line 6 If I am being vague its because I dont know what other information you might need. Please ask me and I will supply any details needed.p  pNewbie thanking you in advance for your help. helpp
Negative 10594 pUsing a hrefhttptwitter.github.iobootstrapjavascript.htmltooltips relnofollowtwitter bootstrap tooltipsa, I can do something likep  precode.tooltipenabled.tooltip codepre  pwhich works fine for codeltdiv id1234 classtooltipenabledltdivgtcode.p  pBut, if I then do code1234.replaceWithltdiv id1234 classtooltipenabledltdivgtcode the binding is lost.p  pI know I can rebind it after codereplaceWithcode, but Id like to avoid this if I can mainly so that I dont need to remember to do it each time, or which options Ive set. Is there a way of doing this, sort of like how code.oncode worksp
Negative 10594 pI need to get feeds from twitter. I got the feeds using api 1. But now i need to get feeds using api 1.1. If anybody knows the solution kindly share your thoughts. Pls give to step by step solution. Thank you.p
Negative 10594 pHi I want to write a test case to check my controller getPersons. This is a server side code. I have confusion what should i put inside  strongContextConfigurationlocationsfilesrcmainwebappWEBINFappcontest.xmlstrong secondly Im getting some error like that Failed to load application context. Can not find the path which I specified in ContextConfigurationp  pI have Structure likep  precode restAPI     srcmainjava       com.company.controller          personController.java     Test       com.company.testController          personControllerTest.java     src       main        webapp          WEBINF            appcontext.xml   Autowired private PersonService personService  RequestMappingvaluet2yyidperson, methodRequestMethod.GET ResponseBody public PersonInfo[] getPersons       return personService.getPersons  codepre  hr  pThis is my Testp  precodeRunWithSpringJUnit4ClassRunner.class ContextConfigurationlocationsclasspathWEBINFappcontext.xml WebAppConfiguration public class PersonControllerTest     Autowired private WebApplicationContext wac  private MockMvc mockMvc  Before public void setup      this.mockMvc  MockMvcBuilders.webAppContextSetupthis.wac.build   Autowired private PersonService personService  Test public void getPersons throws Exception       this.mockMvc.performgett21person             .acceptMediaType.APPLICATIONJSON             .andExpectstatus.isOk   codepre  hr  pTracep  precodejava.lang.IllegalStateException Failed to load ApplicationContext     at org.springframework.test.context.TestContext.getApplicationContextTestContext.java157     at org.springframework.test.context.web.ServletTestExecutionListener.setUpRequestContextIfNecessaryServletTestExecutionListener.java103     at org.springframework.test.context.web.ServletTestExecutionListener.prepareTestInstanceServletTestExecutionListener.java73     at org.springframework.test.context.TestContextManager.prepareTestInstanceTestContextManager.java313     at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.createTestSpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java211     at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner1.runReflectiveCallSpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java288     at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.runReflectiveCallable.java12     at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.methodBlockSpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java284     at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runChildSpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java231     at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runChildSpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java88     at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner3.runParentRunner.java238     at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner1.scheduleParentRunner.java63     at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildrenParentRunner.java236     at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access000ParentRunner.java53     at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner2.evaluateParentRunner.java229     at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements.RunBeforeTestClassCallbacks.evaluateRunBeforeTestClassCallbacks.java61     at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements.RunAfterTestClassCallbacks.evaluateRunAfterTestClassCallbacks.java71     at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runParentRunner.java309     at org.springframework.test.context.junit4.SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.runSpringJUnit4ClassRunner.java174     at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit4.runner.JUnit4TestReference.runJUnit4TestReference.java50     at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.TestExecution.runTestExecution.java38     at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTestsRemoteTestRunner.java467     at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runTestsRemoteTestRunner.java683     at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.runRemoteTestRunner.java390     at org.eclipse.jdt.internal.junit.runner.RemoteTestRunner.mainRemoteTestRunner.java197 Caused by org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanDefinitionStoreException IOException parsing XML document from class path resource [WEBINFapplicationcontext.xml] nested exception is java.io.FileNotFoundException class path resource [WEBINFapplicationcontext.xml] cannot be opened because it does not exist     at org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanDefinitionReader.loadBeanDefinitionsXmlBeanDefinitionReader.java341     at org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanDefinitionReader.loadBeanDefinitionsXmlBeanDefinitionReader.java302     at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanDefinitionReader.loadBeanDefinitionsAbstractBeanDefinitionReader.java174     at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanDefinitionReader.loadBeanDefinitionsAbstractBeanDefinitionReader.java209     at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanDefinitionReader.loadBeanDefinitionsAbstractBeanDefinitionReader.java180     at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanDefinitionReader.loadBeanDefinitionsAbstractBeanDefinitionReader.java243     at org.springframework.test.context.web.GenericXmlWebContextLoader.loadBeanDefinitionsGenericXmlWebContextLoader.java38     at org.springframework.test.context.web.AbstractGenericWebContextLoader.loadContextAbstractGenericWebContextLoader.java113     at org.springframework.test.context.web.AbstractGenericWebContextLoader.loadContextAbstractGenericWebContextLoader.java59     at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.delegateLoadingAbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.java100     at org.springframework.test.context.support.AbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.loadContextAbstractDelegatingSmartContextLoader.java248     at org.springframework.test.context.TestContext.loadApplicationContextTestContext.java124     at org.springframework.test.context.TestContext.getApplicationContextTestContext.java148     ... 24 more Caused by java.io.FileNotFoundException class path resource [WEBINFappcontext.xml] cannot be opened because it does not exist     at org.springframework.core.io.ClassPathResource.getInputStreamClassPathResource.java157     at org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.XmlBeanDefinitionReader.loadBeanDefinitionsXmlBeanDefinitionReader.java328 codepre  pCan some one please help me out to figure it out whats wrong here.p
Negative 10594 pI have this jQuery function in ASP.NET MVC projectp  precode        document.onclick, a.gridactivateuser, function evt                  evt.preventDefault                 var id  this.dataid                 var page  usersGrid.datapage                 .postUrl.ActionUnlock, AdminUsers,  id id , function result                      if result.Succeeded                          toastr.errorresult.Message, Error,  positionClass toasttopright                       else                          toastr.successresult.Message, Info,  positionClass toastbottomright                                           loadGridpage                               codepre  pand I need to add here checking if one property from model which I use codeModel.ActionsAllowed  truecode.br If codeModel.ActionsAllowed  truecode I need to execute this clickfunction, in other case I need to do nothing, but I dont know how to add this checking in the function.  p  pstrongUPDstrong If I try usep  precodedocument.onclick, a.gridactivateuser, function evt              evt.preventDefault             var id  this.dataid             var page  usersGrid.datapage             if Model.ActionsAllowed                  .postUrl.ActionUnlock, AdminUsers,  id id , function result                      if result.Succeeded                          toastr.errorresult.Message, Error,  positionClass toasttopright                       else                          toastr.successresult.Message, Info,  positionClass toastbottomright                                           loadGridpage                                        codepre  pit works, but I get emUse of implicity declared global variable Modelem. How to fix itp
Negative 10594 pEclipse is not recognizing CLOCKPROCESSCPUTIMEID in the code below. OS is Ubuntu and I am using the Intel Compiler. The code executes, but I get syntax errors highlighted. Below the code I have shown my build script. Can someone help me solve the syntax highlightingp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include lttime.hgt using namespace std  timespec difftimespec start, timespec end  int main      timespec time1, time2     char b  A     bool result      clockgettimeCLOCKPROCESSCPUTIMEID, amptime1  Eclipse highlights as error     result  b lt 58 amp b gt 47     clockgettimeCLOCKPROCESSCPUTIMEID, amptime2  Eclipse highlights as error     coutltltdifftime1,time2.tvsecltltltltdifftime1,time2.tvnsecltltendl     cout ltlt result ltlt endl     return 0   timespec difftimespec start, timespec end      timespec temp     if end.tvnsecstart.tvnseclt0          temp.tvsec  end.tvsecstart.tvsec1         temp.tvnsec  1000000000end.tvnsecstart.tvnsec      else          temp.tvsec  end.tvsecstart.tvsec         temp.tvnsec  end.tvnsecstart.tvnsec          return temp  codepre  pThis is my build scriptp  precodeicc E P v dM homerworkspace.metadata.pluginsorg.eclipse.cdt.make.corespecs.cpp  icc version 13.1.0 gcc version 4.6.0 compatibility optintelcomposerxe2013.2.146binintel64mcpcom    g mP3OPTinlinealloca DHONORSTD DICC1310 DINTELCOMPILER1310 DPTRDIFFTYPElong DSIZETYPEunsigned long DWCHARTYPEint DWINTTYPEunsigned int DINTMAXTYPElong int DUINTMAXTYPElong unsigned int DLONGMAX9223372036854775807L DQMSPP DOPTIMIZE DNOMATHINLINES DNOSTRINGINLINES DNOINLINE DGNUCGNUINLINE DGNUG4 DGNUC4 DGNUCMINOR6 DGNUCPATCHLEVEL0 DLP64 DLP64 DGNUSOURCE1 DDEPRECATED1 DGXXWEAK1 DGXXABIVERSION1002 DUSERLABELPREFIX  DREGISTERPREFIX DINTELRTTI DEXCEPTIONS1 Dunix Dunix Dlinux Dlinux Dgnulinux B Dunix Dlinux Asystemunix DELF Dx8664 Dx8664 Acpux8664 Amachinex8664 DMT DINTELCOMPILERBUILDDATE20130121 DINTELOFFLOAD Di686 Di686 Dpentiumpro Dpentiumpro Dpentium4 Dpentium4 Dtunepentium4 DSSE2 DSSE DMMX k 8 l a b P gnuversion460 W5 gccexterninline p bool tused mGLOBehlinux x dM multibytechars arraysection simd simdfunc offloadmode1 offloadtargetnamesmic,MIC bool mP1OPTprintversionFALSE mP1OPTversion13.0intel64 homehworkspace.metadata.pluginsorg.eclipse.cdt.make.corespecs.cpp include ... search starts here include lt...gt search starts here  optintelcomposerxe2013.2.146compilerincludeintel64  optintelcomposerxe2013.2.146compilerinclude  usrincludec4.6  usrincludec4.6x8664linuxgnu  usrincludec4.6backward  usrlocalinclude  usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.6include  usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.6includefixed  usrinclude  usrincludex8664linuxgnu End of search list. define SIGNEDCHARS 1 define PRAGMAREDEFINEEXTNAME 1 define DATE Jun 22 2013 define TIME 143506 define STDC 1 define cilk 200 define cplusplus 1 define STDCHOSTED 1 define WCHART 1 define BOOL 1 define ARRAYOPERATORS 1 define RTTI 1 define PLACEMENTDELETE 1 define EDGRUNTIMEUSESNAMESPACES 1 define EDGIA64ABI 1 define LONGDOUBLESIZE 80 define VARIADICTEMPLATES 1 define EDG 1 define EDGVERSION 404 define EDGSIZETYPE unsigned long define EDGPTRDIFFTYPE long define DECIMALBIDFORMAT 1 define DEC32MAX 9.999999E96DF define DEC64MAX 9.999999999999999E384DD define DEC128MAX 9.999999999999999999999999999999999E6144DL define DEC32MANTDIG 7 define DEC64MANTDIG 16 define DEC128MANTDIG 34 define DEC32MINEXP 95 define DEC64MINEXP 383 define DEC128MINEXP 6143 define DEC32MAXEXP 96 define DEC64MAXEXP 384 define DEC128MAXEXP 6144 define DEC32EPSILON 1E6DF define DEC64EPSILON 1E15DD define DEC128EPSILON 1E33DL define DEC32MIN 1E95DF define DEC64MIN 1E383DD define DEC128MIN 1E6143DL define DEC32SUBNORMALMIN 0.000001E95DF define DEC64SUBNORMALMIN 0.000000000000001E383DD define DEC128SUBNORMALMIN 0.000000000000000000000000000000001E6143DL define DBLDIG 15 define DBLMAX10EXP 308 define DBLMIN10EXP 307 define DBLHASDENORM 1 define FLTDIG 6 define FLTMAX10EXP 38 define FLTMIN10EXP 37 define FLTRADIX 2 define FLTHASDENORM 1 define INTMAX 2147483647 define LDBLDIG 18 define LDBLHASINFINITY 1 define LDBLHASQUIETNAN 1 define LDBLMAX10EXP 4932 define LDBLMIN10EXP 4931 define LDBLHASDENORM 1 define DBLHASINFINITY 1 define DBLHASQUIETNAN 1 define DECIMALDIG 21 define FINITEMATHONLY 0 define FLTHASINFINITY 1 define FLTHASQUIETNAN 1 define SCHARMAX 127 define SHRTMAX 32767 define WCHARMAX 2147483647 define CHARBIT 8 define DBLMANTDIG 53 define DBLMAXEXP 1024 define TARGDBLMAXEXP 1024 define DBLMINEXP 1021 define FLTMANTDIG 24 define FLTMAXEXP 128 define FLTMINEXP 125 define LDBLMANTDIG 64 define LDBLMAXEXP 16384 define LDBLMINEXP 16381 define DBLDENORMMIN 4.9406564584124654e324 define DBLEPSILON 2.2204460492503131e16 define DBLMAX 1.7976931348623157e308 define DBLMIN 2.2250738585072014e308 define FLTDENORMMIN 1.40129846e45F define FLTEPSILON 1.19209290e7F define FLTMAX 3.40282347e38F define FLTMIN 1.17549435e38F define LDBLDENORMMIN 3.64519953188247460253e4951L define LDBLEPSILON 1.08420217248550443401e19L define LDBLMAX 1.18973149535723176502e4932L define LDBLMIN 3.36210314311209350626e4932L define LONGLONGMAX 0x7fffffffffffffff define SIZEOFDOUBLE 8 define SIZEOFFLOAT 4 define SIZEOFINT 4 define SIZEOFLONG 8 define SIZEOFLONGDOUBLE 16 define SIZEOFLONGLONG 8 define SIZEOFPOINTER 8 define SIZEOFPTRDIFFT 8 define SIZEOFSHORT 2 define SIZEOFSIZET 8 define SIZEOFWCHART 4 define SIZEOFWINTT 4 define INTMAXMAX 0x7fffffffffffffff define UINTMAXMAX 0xffffffffffffffff define SIZEMAX 0xffffffffffffffff define BIGGESTALIGNMENT 32 define GCCHAVESYNCCOMPAREANDSWAP1 1 define GCCHAVESYNCCOMPAREANDSWAP2 1 define GCCHAVESYNCCOMPAREANDSWAP4 1 define GCCHAVESYNCCOMPAREANDSWAP8 1 define GXXRTTI 1 define VERSION IntelR C g 4.6 mode define HONORSTD 1 define ICC 1310 define INTELCOMPILER 1310 define PTRDIFFTYPE long define SIZETYPE unsigned long define WCHARTYPE int define WINTTYPE unsigned int define INTMAXTYPE long int define UINTMAXTYPE long unsigned int define LONGMAX 9223372036854775807L define QMSPP 1 define OPTIMIZE 1 define NOMATHINLINES 1 define NOSTRINGINLINES 1 define NOINLINE 1 define GNUCGNUINLINE 1 define GNUG 4 define GNUC 4 define GNUCMINOR 6 define GNUCPATCHLEVEL 0 define LP64 1 define LP64 1 define GNUSOURCE 1 define DEPRECATED 1 define GXXWEAK 1 define GXXABIVERSION 1002 define USERLABELPREFIX  define REGISTERPREFIX  define INTELRTTI 1 define EXCEPTIONS 1 define unix 1 define unix 1 define linux 1 define linux 1 define gnulinux 1 define unix 1 define linux 1 define ELF 1 define x8664 1 define x8664 1 define MT 1 define INTELCOMPILERBUILDDATE 20130121 define INTELOFFLOAD 1 define i686 1 define i686 1 define pentiumpro 1 define pentiumpro 1 define pentium4 1 define pentium4 1 define tunepentium4 1 define SSE2 1 define SSE 1 define MMX 1 codepre
Negative 10594 pHow can I redirect a static asset in Symfony2 e.g JS, CSS or PDF file to an actual controller actionp  pIm trying to redirect this request this used to represent a static asset which doesnt exist anymorep  precodehttplocalsite.devbundlesmybundlemiscattachment.pdf codepre  pto this one local dev site, this request is handled by a controllerp  precodehttplocalsite.devappdev.phpdownloads codepre  por this live sitep  precodehttplivesite.comdownloads codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to call a private function inside the revealing pattern. This is my codep  precodevar module  function     var privateMethod  functionval          console.logval          var publicMethod  function          var functionString  privateMethod          This what I tried         functionString.calltest         window[module.privateMethod]test                   return          init publicMethod        document.readyfunction     module.init  codepre  pSomeone could help mep  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pAccording to the Android developers website a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comtoolsextrasoemusb.html relnofollowIf youre developing on Mac OS X or Linux, then you probably dont need to install a USB driver.ap  pThis is something that makes debugging Android application rather annoying on a Windows machine since there are so many different devices I want to be able to test with, and some of the drivers can be difficult to locate.p  pWhat is it that makes Mac OS X or Linux probably ready to go for all devicesp  pIs there any source where I can download and install all driversp
Negative 10594 pI have a TableView in my ViewController. In the selected state, its cells subview increases in width and comes outside its bounds.p  pWhen I tap on this subview, touches are going to the View Controllers implementation of touchesBegan which is being used deselect the cell.p  pemNow this subview is not being clipped and being allowed to go out, so Ideally the touches falling on it, should go to it but why are they going to the ViewController having the tableview emp  ul liTableView is on left of the iPad screen the View Controller as a sidebar.li liSelected cell comes out like a drawer as shown below.li lion tapping anywhere else in the screen, the drawerselected cell goes back in.li ul  pThe problem is the region in the selected cell, which goes outside the tableviews bounds, If clicked, gives the touches to touchesBegan method in the ViewController.p  pThus it ends up going back in.p  precode                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                codepre
Negative 10594 pI want to use regular expression for error message...p  precodetry    throw new ErrorFoo bar  catch err    console.loggetInQuoteserr  codepre  p... where getInQuotes is a function for stringp  precodevar getInQuotes  functionstr    var re   re  []g   return str.matchre  codepre  p... but got errorp  precodeObject Error Foo bar has no method match codepre  pAlthough it works for usual stringp  precodeconsole.loggetInQuotesHello world codepre  presultp  precode[ world ] codepre  pTried to stringify Error object ...p  precodeconsole.logstringify   JSON.stringifyerr codepre  p... but its emptyp  precodestringify  codepre
Negative 10594 pI have many URLs, about 100K large.p  pIt looks something like thisp  pblog.example.comilovecats20110210theblingringbr blog.example.comfas24br blog.example.commorgbr blog.example.comwhistlermoarbr blog.example.compunnybr blog.example.compunny201210br blog.example.compunny20121001mymomisalienbr blog.example.comanniesblog20121012ilostmyiphonebr blog.example.comanniesblog201210page3br blog.example.comanniesblog201210page4br blog.example.comanniesblog201210page5br blog.example.comalfvabr blog.example.comdudewheresmycarbr blog.example.commynameisbillybr blog.example.commynameisbillypage23br blog.example.comanotherflowercategoryaxelbr blog.example.comnaxramasbr blog.example.comangeleoooobr blog.example.comangeleoooo20110101br blog.example.comangeleoooo20110101happynewyearsbrp  pI want everything after example.comusername to be removed, so the remaining list will look something like this p  pblog.example.comilovecatsbr blog.example.comfas24br blog.example.commorgbr blog.example.comwhistlermoarbr blog.example.compunnybr blog.example.comanniesblogbr blog.example.comalfvabr blog.example.comdudewheresmycarbr blog.example.commynameisbillybr blog.example.comanotherflowerbr blog.example.comnaxramasbr blog.example.comangeleoooop  pI heard that Regex is a way of doing this, so I have been googeling around about this for some hours now and I am about to run out of time.p  pstrongCan someone help mestrongp  pGot Notepad installedp
Negative 10594 pim trying to handle two seekBar in android at the same time. Im checked a lot of examples but all these are designed to handle buttons or similar views. When i try to do the same process that these examples describes in my seekBar project, it doesnt works. I want show an textView with a certain value when I press the first seekBar, and other textView with another certain value when I press the second seekBar This is my codep  precodepublic class Bluetoo extends Activity  private Handler handler  new Handler Override    public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState         super.onCreatesavedInstanceState        setContentViewR.layout.botones        setViews        handler.postDelayedmUpdateUITimerTask, 100  private final Runnable mUpdateUITimerTask  new Runnable         public void run              do whatever you want to change here, like            updateTextField          private void updateTextField         mTitleTextView findViewByIdR.id.textView1          mTitle2TextView findViewByIdR.id.textView2        mTitle.setTextsqText1        mTitle2.setTextsqText2         handler.postmUpdateUITimerTask  private void setViews      vSeekBar1  VerticalSeekBarfindViewByIdR.id.SeekBar01     vSeekBar1.setMax100     vSeekBar1.setProgress50     vSeekBar1.setOnTouchListenernew TouchListener      vSeekBar2  VerticalSeekBarfindViewByIdR.id.SeekBar02    vSeekBar2.setMax100    vSeekBar2.setProgress50    vSeekBar2.setOnTouchListenernew TouchListener   private class TouchListener implements OnTouchListener      Override     public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event          ifevent.getAction  MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN             switchv.getId                  case R.id.SeekBar01                     sqText1firstactually this part is    more complex but                                      I did not include it here                     break                 case R.id.SeekBar02                     sqText2secondactually this part is more complex but                     I did not include it here                               else ifevent.getAction  MotionEvent.ACTIONPOINTERDOWN              switchv.getId                  case R.id.SeekBar01                     sqText1second firstactually this part is more complex but                                      I did not include it here                     break                 case R.id.SeekBar02                     sqText2second secondactually this part is more complex but                     I did not include it here                     break                             codepre  pp
Negative 10594 pIm fairly new to writing BlackBerry applications, so maybe this is a stupid thing Im overlooking. I have to use JDE 5 client requirement to support the older BlackBerry Curve 8520 phones.p  pWhat I am experiencing is that as soon as I place a codeDateFieldcode on my interface, the application slows down considerably, causing the UI to stutter. Even a simple layout that only has a single codeDateFieldcode and a button has the same effect. Then, as soon as I move on to the next layout, everything is fine again.p  pOne of the layouts are created as follows please comment if this is the incorrect way of doing itp  precodepublic void displaySomeLayout      final ButtonField okButton  new ButtonFieldOK     final DateField dobField  new DateFieldBirthday, System.currentTimeMillis, DateField.DATE       some other nonui code       UiApplication.getUiApplication.invokeLaternew Runnable          public void run              applicationFieldManager.addAllnew Field[]                      dobField,                     okButton                             codepre  pThe application then just slows down a lot. Sometimes, after a minute of so it starts responding normally again, sometimes not.p  pThe codedisplaySomeLayoutcode method is called from the contructor of the codeScreencode extending class. And then codeapplicationFieldManagercode is a private codeVerticalFieldManagercode which is instantiated during class construction.p
Negative 10594 pI create the following appletp  precodeimport java.awt. import java.awt.event. import java.applet. public class Adapting extends Applet  public void init  addMouseListenernew MyMouseAdapterthis addMouseMotionListenernew MyMouseAdapterthis  end of class  class MyMouseAdapter extends MouseAdapter  Adapting a public MyMouseAdapterAdapting a  this.aa   public void mouseClickedMouseEvent me  a.setBackgroundColor.red   public void mouseMovedMouseEvent me  a.showStatusMoving Mouse at me.getX,me.getY   ltapplet codeAdapting height500 width600gtltappletgt codepre  pFor both the listeners corresponding to MouseEvent, i.e codeMouseListenercode and codeMouseMotionListenercode, i use the adapter class codeMouseAdaptercode. strongIf, the codeMouseAdaptercode class is getting my work done for listening Mouse Motion Events also, what is the use of the class codeMouseMotionAdaptercode strongp
Negative 10594 pWe would like to use OrientDB Graph in an Azure environment. Does anybody has experience using it We also would like to know if high availability from OrientDB is required under Azure cloud Azure already offers high availability for Azure storage, Azure Drive and SQL. I understand that they have replications and load balancing built in.p  pThis is super important because we prefer not to get into the business of replications and infrastructure management.p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pthis code is sample by flowplayer.still its not working in chromeonly audio is playing.     p  precodeltheadgt     lt player skin gt    ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefskinminimalist.cssgt     lt site specific styling gt    ltstyle typetextcssgt    body  font 12px Myriad Pro, Lucida Grande, sansserif textalign center paddingtop 5     .flowplayer  width 80     ltstylegt     lt flowplayer depends on jQuery 1.7.1 for now gt    ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt     lt include flowplayer gt    ltscript typetextjavascript srcflowplayer.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltheadgt  ltbodygt     lt the player gt    ltdiv classflowplayer dataswfflowplayer.swf dataratio0.4167gt       ltvideogt          ltsource typevideomp4 src..sidvishusersidgalleryvideos1372927564.mp4gt        ltvideogt    ltdivgt  ltbodygt codepre  pthe video tag is working perfectly in firefox but not working in chrome.it only plays audio in chrome.what can be the reasonsp
Negative 10594 pI have this byte code10111011code and i want to split into 2 nibble msb and lsb.brAfter that i want to take the last 2 bits from the lsb so i want code11code from code1011code.br I know thatbrbr With code10011011 gtgt 4code i get the msb 1001 br With code10011011 amp 0xfcode i get the lsb 1011br brNow what can i do to take the code11code from lsb code1011codep
Negative 10594 pHow can I find out when a file was last time modified in Cocoap  pI tried using NSFileModificationDate attribute of an NSFile but the modification date gets update when you read a file. I just want to know when it was last time changed like in the Mac OS X Finder.p
Negative 10594 pstrongEDIT Problem solvedstrong  I have rewritten my code into a PLSQL package and function, so I can now simply call this using a standard select statement. I will leave my original query below and a couple of links I found useful for anyone in a similar position.p  pemLinksemp  ul lia hrefhttpwww.plsqltutorial.complsqlfunctions.htm relnofollowhttpwww.plsqltutorial.complsqlfunctions.htmali lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11291693creatingandcallingplsqlfunctionsCreating and calling PLSQL functionsali lia hrefhttppic.dhe.ibm.cominfocenterdb2luwv9r7index.jsptopic2Fcom.ibm.db2.luw.apdv.plsql.doc2Fdoc2Fr0054067.html relnofollowhttppic.dhe.ibm.cominfocenterdb2luwv9r7index.jsptopic2Fcom.ibm.db2.luw.apdv.plsql.doc2Fdoc2Fr0054067.htmlali ul  pemOriginal queryemp  pI have been trying to a long long time to get my PHP code to successfully process my PLSQL dbmsoutput. I cannot seem to get it to work. The rest of the code works, and in SQL developer I get the correct outputs. The error reporting works too as if I leave anything out of the code I get the errors reported e.g. not caching the network. It is just not giving me my final output. Here is the dbmsoutput sections of my code in PHP.p  precode Fetch and display any dbmsoutput function DisplayDbmsOutputcon    r  GetDbmsOutputcon   if r      print ltpgtError getting dbmsoutputltpgtn  else     foreach r as line       echo line.ltbrgtn    Returns an array of dbmsoutput lines, or false.  function GetDbmsOutputcon    res  false   stid  doParsecon, BEGIN DBMSOUTPUT.GETLINELN, ST END   if stid      if doBindstid, LN, ln, 255 ampamp         doBindstid, ST, st,         res  array       while succ  doExecutestid          if st            break          res[]  ln              if succ         res  false          OCIFreeStatementstid      return res     Cache Network CacheNetworkcon, true      turn serveroutput on SetServerOutputcon, true    Create dbmsoutput s  doParsecon,  DECLARE cost NUMBER pathid NUMBER resnumeric NUMBER resarray SDONUMBERARRAY NavInfo TestTurns.NavigationInfoTYPE WalkDist chadwicklink.costTYPE StartingNodeID chadwicklink.StartNodeIDTYPE EndingNodeID chadwicklink.EndNodeIDTYPE startnodeid Number goalnodeid Number goalnode varchar20 txtArray dbmsoutput.chararr numLines integer  4  BEGIN startnodeid  34 goalnodeid  19 goalnode       toChargoalnodeid  ,    pathid  sdonetmem.networkmanager.shortestpathCHADWICK, startnodeid, goalnodeid cost  SDONETMEM.PATH.GETCOSTCHADWICK, pathid resarray  SDONETMEM.PATH.GETLINKIDSCHADWICK, pathid FOR indx IN resarray.FIRST..resarray.LAST LOOP    Select StartNodeID INTO StartingNodeID from chadwicklink where LinkID  resarrayindx    Select EndNodeID INTO EndingNodeID from chadwicklink where LinkID  resarrayindx    Select NavigationInfo INTO NavInfo from TestTurnsTwo where StartingNode  StartingNodeID and FinishingNode  EndingNodeID  and possiblefinishnodes Like goalnode    select cost INTO WalkDist from chadwicklink where linkid  resarrayindx    DBMSOUTPUT.PUTNavInfo     WalkDist   meters END LOOP DBMSOUTPUT.PUTYou have arrived at your destination DBMSOUTPUT.PUT  END  if s doExecutes   Display the output DisplayDbmsOutputcon codepre  pAny suggestions would be wonderfulp
Negative 10594 pHow can I get the td width and make it dynamically change once you added a long text to them... Because Im planning to have a tablebody scrollable.. and I dont want to use the clone is there way to make it happen..p  pHeres the markupp  precodeltdiv classtablecontgt ltdiv classtableheadergt     lttablegt         ltcaptiongt          ltcaptiongt         lttbodygt             lttrgt                 lttdgtWidth 1lttdgt                 lttdgtWidth 2lttdgt                 lttdgtWidth 3lttdgt                 lttdgtWidth 4lttdgt                 lttdgtWidth 5lttdgt                 lttdgtWidth 6lttdgt             lttrgt         lttbodygt     lttablegt ltdivgt ltdiv classtablebodygt     lttablegt         lttbodygt             lttrgt                 lttdgtWidth 1lttdgt                 lttdgtWidth 2lttdgt                 lttdgtWidth 3lttdgt                 lttdgtWidth 4lttdgt                 lttdgtWidth 5lttdgt                 lttdgtWidth 6lttdgt             lttrgt         lttbodygt     lttablegt ltdivgt codepre  pp  pscriptp  precodevar tableHeader  .tableheader.childrentable.outerWidthtrue var tableWidth  .tableheader table tr td.width alerttableWidth tablebody tr td.appendtableWidth codepre  pcssp  precode.tableheader, .tablebody border 1px solid d3d3d3 display inlineblock  table  bordercollapse 0 borderspacing 0 border 0  table thead th, table tbody tr td borderright 1px solid d3d3d3 padding 5px 8px fontweight normal tablelayout fixed  table thead thlastchild,table tbody tr tdlastchild borderright 0  codepre
Negative 10594 pAn edittext looks different in a 2.2 emulator than it does in a 4.2 version. I want to make my edittext look like it does in the holo light version on a 4.2 emulator.p  pI have no idea how to do this, do I need to write my own custom style Thanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pI have a c client application using MSs Facebook library that has been working fine for a while this particular form was last changed on May 6th, and was working during my last test cycle last week.  This is in a kiosk app still in development, fortunately that has an embedded web browser so users can authenticate and authorize our app.  Today, I started getting script error popups when you click on either button on the authorize page.p  pSo I go to the login page, user authenticates, all is good, then it goes to the authorize page  would like to post privately on your behalf, still good, however, when you click okay or skip, up comes a popup that says p  precodeAn error has occurred in the script on this page Line 5 Character 878 Error Access is denied. URL httpsstatic.xx.fbcdn.netrsrc.phpv2yGrq0zNT1kK7g.js.   codepre  pNow the popup has the normal Do you want to continue running scripts on this page YesNo options, but again, its stuck.  Click yes or no, and it doesnt matter, the popup keeps popping up, and I have to kill the process manually.p  pI havent changed my code, but may have changed some app settings while reviewing the breaking changes list and enabling that, but if so, Im not sure what I could have done to break this.  Ive gone back through and played with some of the settings, to no obvious avail.p  pThe other side of this problem thats also frustrating is that since I never actually complete the oauth process, I never get my access token.  However, something is cookied, and it thinks the user is still logged in.  Since I dont have an access token, I cant log them out, so now everytime I go to the login page, it blows past it straight to the authorize page.  Obviously, if I can get past the script error, I can get my token and log the user out.p  pAny suggestions would be helpful.p  pEdit I took the URL over to Chrome and it worked fine, so I grabbed the .js in question to find the offending code.  The problem is a window.resizeByw,x, and some quick searching looks like IE may be blocking this intentionally at least old versions, when I tried it in an IE 10 real browser it worked, too.  Interestingly, in Chrome but not in IE, when it first hit one of the authorization screens, I got the following messagep  blockquote   pYou are using a display type of popup in a large browser window or   tab. For a better user experience, show this dialog with our   JavaScript SDK without specifying an explicit display type. The SDK   will choose the best display type for each environment. Alternatively,   set height and width on your window.open call to properly size this   dialog if you have special requirements precluding you from using the   SDK. This message is only visible to developers of your application.p blockquote  pThis makes me wonder if I can figure out how to grab the window.open in the embedded browser, and if I can set the size explicitly as suggested, will it then skip this resize causing the problems.  Off to more research.p
Negative 10594 pI have a problem converting HTML to normal text. Im reading some pages and those include unicode signs like u00f3 and u00f1, etc. I want those converted to normal ASCII not  and  but o and n.p  pIve tried a lot in Python, but does anyone know an easy solutionp
Negative 10594 pIm a student and I want to find a search engine for big data. I found MarkLogic Server but I dont know what file types it supports. Does it support doc, docx, pdf, xml, ppt, pptx, etc. What other types are supportedp
Negative 10594 pI have a cache memory module that I want word addressable but have write enable signals for bytes.p  precodealways  posedge clk begin     stuff...     ifwrite begin         Word accessible only         memData[lastInIndex][lastInOffset] lt lastWriteData          Supporting byte accessible         iflastWrEn[0]             memData[lastInIndex][lastInOffset][70] lt lastWriteData[70]         iflastWrEn[1]             memData[lastInIndex][lastInOffset][158] lt lastWriteData[158]         iflastWrEn[2]             memData[lastInIndex][lastInOffset][2316] lt lastWriteData[2316]         iflastWrEn[3]             memData[lastInIndex][lastInOffset][3124] lt lastWriteData[3124]     end     more stuff... end codepre  pIf I am writing a word to memory, I can specify which bytes should be ignored and which bytes should be written within each word.  I have tested this code and it simulates just fine.  I would like to parameterize how many bytes are in a word in the 64 bit case, there are now 8 bytes per word.  Rather than just copy and paste more nearly identical lines, I was hoping to have some sort of for loop to instantiate my logic.p  precodealways  posedge clk begin     stuff...     ifwrite begin         Word accessible only         memData[lastInIndex][lastInOffset] lt lastWriteData          Supporting byte accessible         begin  BYTESELECTIONGENERATE             integer i             fori0 iltbytesPerWord ii1                 iflastWrEn[i]                     memData[lastInIndex][lastInOffset][i87i8] lt lastWriteData[i87i8]         end     end     more stuff... end codepre  pI have a parameter called codewordSizecode that specifies how many bits each word contains usually 32 or 64.  There is another parameter that is codeparameter bytesPerWord  wordSize8code.  When  I try to compile this version, I get an error that says codei is not a constantcode.  I have also tried codegenvarcode and codegeneratecode but those are not allowed in always blocks.  Is there a way to  generate the hardware that I want based off of a codebytesPerWordcode parameter, or am I going to have to rely on an ugly string of codeifdefcode statementsp
Negative 10594 pDepending on the chosen template I do not want to bind to articles I want to assign the according viewModel data myself.p  pHow can I do thatp  precodeltdiv databindtemplate  name getTemplate, foreach articles gtltdivgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI know how to read append and write with StreamreaderSteamwriter.  But I am having issues with getting my program to read the text file and check for a specific string of data.  If it doesnt exist write it at the end.  Any Ideas  Im trying to do this to a specific file, via web page button using Server.MapPath.p
Negative 10594 pI use one in my sqlite database a config table. This has the following compositionp  precodeprivate static final String DATABASECONFIGCREATE       CREATE TABLE   TABLECONFIGS                CONFIGHIDDENCATEGORIES   TEXT DEFAULT 1,2 NULL       codepre  pLater I try to access with the following codep  precodeCursor cursor  database.queryDatabaseHelper.TABLECONFIGS, new String[] DatabaseHelper.CONFIGHIDDENCATEGORIES, null, null, null, null, null try      cursor.moveToFirst      int test  cursor.getCount      String data  cursor.getString0   catch Exception exception  codepre  pBut the line codecursor.getString0code throws the following exeption variable test is 0p  blockquote   pandroid.database.CursorIndexOutOfBoundsException Index 0 requested,   with a size of 0p blockquote  pwhen I run the following code, the column codeCONFIGHIDDENCATEGORIEScode is displayed to me...  what is wrongp  precode    Cursor dbCursor  database.queryDatabaseHelper.TABLECONFIGS, null, null, null, null, null, null     String[] columnNames  dbCursor.getColumnNames  index 0 is the value of CONFIGHIDDENCATEGORIES codepre
Negative 10594 phow can i rename the following filesp  precodeabc2000.jpg abc2001.jpg abc2004.jpg abc2007.jpg codepre  pinto the following onesp  precodeyear2000.jpg year2001.jpg year2004.jpg year2007.jpg codepre  pThe related code isp  precodeimport os import glob files  glob.glob abc.jpg for file in files     os.rename file, .txt.format   codepre
Negative 10594 pWhats the relationship between Wifi and Socket Does Socket code below still applies where the Wifi connection is being madep  precode    IPv4 AFINET sockets struct sockaddrin      short            sinfamily    e.g. AFINET, AFINET6     unsigned short   sinport      e.g. htons3490     struct inaddr   sinaddr      see struct inaddr, below     char             sinzero[8]   zero this if you want to   struct inaddr      unsigned long saddr           load with inetpton        includeltstdio.hgt includeltsyssocket.hgt includeltarpainet.hgt inetaddr  int mainint argc , char argv[]      int socketdesc     struct sockaddrin server      Create socket     socketdesc  socketAFINET , SOCKSTREAM , 0     if socketdesc  1              printfCould not create socket           server.sinaddr.saddr  inetaddr74.125.235.20     server.sinfamily  AFINET     server.sinport  htons 80       Connect to remote server     if connectsocketdesc , struct sockaddr ampserver , sizeofserver lt 0              putsconnect error         return 1           putsConnected     return      struct sockaddr          unsigned short    safamily     address family, AFxxx         char              sadata[14]   14 bytes of protocol address      codepre
Negative 10594 pMy code was previously using codeAllocConsolecode like thisp  precodeAllocConsole var arg  Console.ReadLine  do stuff with arg codepre  pand it was working well. However, I didnt like the fact that if I started the application from a console like running codeMyApp.execode in a CMDwindow, it would create a new consoleinstance, so I changed codeAllocConsolecode to thisp  precodeifAttachConsole1     AllocConsole codepre  pOutput is still printed to the console, but if I ever hit enter, strange stuff happens. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhW92j.png altrunning applicationp  pIt might not be too easy to see from the image, but what I did was run the application. It then outputs a few lines about usage, and asks for input Action [runinstalluninstallquit]. I wrote run and hit enter, but the console is directing input at CMD, not my application. So, while my application is still running, its not getting any input. Its a bit like running an application in linux with codeampcode at the end.p  pIs there any way I can have my application take input from the CMDwindow that started itp  pstrong[Edit]strong Full codep  precoderegion Custom Launching Helpers for when not launced as a service  private enum Action      Run,     Install,     Uninstall   private static string PrintUsage      Console.WriteLineUsage ltapplicationnamegt [runinstalluninstall]     Console.WriteLineUse run to run a single itteration of the program.     Console.WriteLineUse install to install the service.     Console.WriteLineUse uninstall to uninstall the service.     Console.WriteAction [runinstalluninstallquit]      return Console.ReadLine   [DllImportkernel32.dll] private static extern bool AttachConsoleint dwProcessId  [DllImportkernel32.dll] private static extern bool AllocConsole  [DllImportkernel32.dll] private static extern bool FreeConsole  [DllImportkernel32.dll] private static extern bool SetConsoleTitleString lpConsoleTitle  private static void RequireConsole      if AttachConsole1         AllocConsole   endregion    ltsummarygt  The main entry point for the application.  ltsummarygt static void Mainstring[] args       Environment.UserInteractive will be true when launced as a normal application      for instance by doubleclicking, or running form a cmdprompt.            Services cant run this way, thus we present the user with a menu if no spesific action      was passed allong as a startupparameter that enables the user either to run a single      itteration, or to installuninstall the service.     if Environment.UserInteractive              try                       open a console              since AssemblyService isnt a consoleapplication, one must be crated explicitly.             RequireConsole             SetConsoleTitleAssemblyService 2             Action action               If no commandline arguments are provided, print usage              and enable the user to input an argument while running.             var arg  args.Length  0  PrintUsage  args[0]              while true                              switch arg                                      case run                         action  Action.Run                         goto execute                      case install                         action  Action.Install                         goto execute                      case uninstall                         action  Action.Uninstall                         goto execute                      case quit                         return                      default                          If the argument is invalid, keep asking the user                          untill a valid argument is given.                         arg  PrintUsage                         Console.WriteLineGot arg 0, arg                         break                                        execute               empty statement so it compiles              unimportant, does stuff                  finally                       Release the console.             Console.WriteLine             FreeConsole                   else               Run as service only in noninteractive session.         ServiceBase.Runnew AssemblyService          rather just exit       codepre  pstrong[Edit 2]strong I tried adding the followingp  precodevar inputHandle  GetStdHandleint StdHandle.Stdin var safeInputHandle  new SafeFileHandleinputHandle, true var input  new FileStreamsafeInputHandle, FileAccess.Read Console.SetInnew StreamReaderinput codepre  pit resulted in nothing beeing printed to the console at all so I had no idea what was happening. Then I tried to add setters for StdOut and StdErr as wellp  precodevar outputHandle  GetStdHandleint StdHandle.Stdout var safeOutputHandle  new SafeFileHandleoutputHandle, true var output  new FileStreamsafeOutputHandle, FileAccess.Write Console.SetOutnew StreamWriteroutput  var errHandle  GetStdHandleint StdHandle.Stderr var safeErrHandle  new SafeFileHandleerrHandle, true var err  new FileStreamsafeErrHandle, FileAccess.Write Console.SetErrornew StreamWritererr codepre  pAnd still no output to console at all.p  pstrong[Edit 3]strong Starting the application withp  precodestart wait AssemblyService 2.exe codepre  pcauses there to be a new window created which shows the CMDprompt, and still doesnt let me enter input to the application. It also doesnt show output. img srchttpi.imgur.comzsn9IFH.png altusing start cmdp
Negative 10594 pIll warn you all since from the beginning Im a beginner on Regular Expressions. With that in mind lets begin and Im using C Deelx library.p  pI have this text to pass in my regexp  precodechar tempStr[]  sta     ria  ma CSSS codepre  pMy intention is to remove all occurencies of accented characters. Reading about regex on the very good site a hrefhttpwww.regularexpressions.infocompletelines.html relnofollowhttpwww.regularexpressions.infocompletelines.htmlap  pI made this expression to replace all occurencies of uppercase accented Ap  precodeb.b. codepre  pFor my surprise it didnt work. My understading of this expression is Search in the whole string, zero or more occurencies of these characters.p  pNow when I use this expression the job is done perfectlyp  precode codepre  pWhat makes me wonder is I didnt determined nothing instead a set of chars neither number of occurencies and works, and in the first case nothing occurs. Whyp
Negative 10594 pI used the following way to change the string into double but unfortunately this closes the app. The EditText inputtype is NumberDecimalp  precodenumA  EditText findViewByIdR.id.numA numB  EditText findViewByIdR.id.numB  App forceclose here. Not sure why. final Double a  Double.parseDoublenumA.getText.toString final Double b  Double.parseDoublenumB.getText.toString  calculate.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener       Override     public void onClickView v           numLS.setText    Double b 2  Double a       codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a large table in PostgreSQL 9.2 that Ive partitioned as a hrefhttpwww.postgresql.orgdocs9.2staticddlpartitioning.html relnofollowdescribed in the manuala. Well... almost My real partition key is not in the partitioned table itself, but in a joined table, like this simplifiedp  precode millions to tens of millions of rows CREATE TABLE data    sliceid integer NOT NULL,   pointid integer NOT NULL,    ... data columns ...,   CONSTRAINT pkdata PRIMARY KEY sliceid, pointid,   CONSTRAINT fkdataslice FOREIGN KEY sliceid REFERENCES slice id   CONSTRAINT fkdatapoint FOREIGN KEY pointid REFERENCES point id    hundreds to thousands of rows CREATE TABLE slice    id serial NOT NULL,   partitiondate timestamp without time zone NOT NULL,   otherdate timestamp without time zone NOT NULL,   intkey integer NOT NULL   CONSTRAINT pkslice PRIMARY KEY id    about 40,000 rows CREATE TABLE point     ... similar to slice ...  codepre  pThe table to be partitioned codedatacode contains rows for every combination of codepointcode and codeslicecode, each of which has a compound key. I want to partition it on only one of the key columns, codepartitiondatecode, which is part of codeslicecode. Of course, the check constraints on my child tables cannot include that directly, so instead I include the range of all codeslice.idcode values corresponding to that codepartitiondatecode, like thisp  precodeALTER TABLE datapart123 ADD CONSTRAINT ckdatapart123     CHECK sliceid gt 1234 AND sliceid lt 1278 codepre  pThis all works fine for inserting data. However, queries do not use the above CHECK constraint. Eg.p  precodeSELECT  FROM data d JOIN slice s ON d.sliceid  s.id WHERE s.partitiondate  20130723 codepre  pI can see in the query plan that this still scans all child tables. Ive tried rewriting the query in several ways, including a CTE and a subselect, but that hasnt helped.p  pIs there any way I can get the planner to understand my partitioning scheme I dont really want to duplicate the partition key millions of times in the codedatacode table.p  pQuery plan looks like thisp  precodeAggregate  cost539243.88..539243.89 rows1 width0   gt  Hash Join  cost8.88..510714.02 rows11411945 width0         Hash Cond d.sliceid  s.id         gt  Append  cost0.00..322667.41 rows19711542 width4               gt  Seq Scan on data d  cost0.00..0.00 rows1 width4               gt  Seq Scan on datapart123 d  cost0.00..135860.10 rows8299610 width4               gt  Seq Scan on datapart456 d  cost0.00..186807.31 rows11411931 width4         gt  Hash  cost7.09..7.09 rows143 width4               gt  Seq Scan on slice s  cost0.00..7.09 rows143 width4                     Filter partitiondate  20130723 000000timestamp without time zone codepre
Negative 10594 pI am new to ASP.Net. I want to set the HTML table alternate row background color using javascript. How can I start with it.If I do like this,p  precodelttr  id230552 onClickHighLightTR230552gtlttdgtMy Text Herelttdgtlttrgt        function HighLightTR grpid       document.getElementByIdgrpid.style.background  3875D7             codepre  pit will apply only for that perticuler row. I want to apply two colors for alternate rows.p
Negative 10594 pIve created an attached property that works with a WPF WebBrowser. The WebBrowser class is sealed so I cant Mock it. The code is similar to thisp  precodeprivate static void BindableSourcePropertyChangedDependencyObject sender, DependencyPropertyChangedEventArgs e      WebBrowser browser  sender as WebBrowser     if browser  null              browser.NavigateToStringe.NewValue.ToString       codepre  pIs there a way of testing this other that putting some logic on production code that allows the test to pass like codeWebBrowser browser  sender as WebBrowser  sender as TestWebBrowsercodep
Negative 10594 pI have following markupp  precodeltdiv classwoncontainergt    ltdiv classcircle Bgtltdivgt    ltdiv classcircle Bgtltdivgt    ltdiv classcircle Bgtltdivgt    ltdiv classcircle Bgtltdivgt    ltdiv classcircle Bgtltdivgt    ltdiv classcircle Rgtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pand have defined following classes in external css stylesheetp  precode.woncontainer      float left   .circle    width 24px   height 24px   position relative   margintop 12px   .woncontainer .B      backgroundimage url..imagescircleblue.png   .woncontainer .G      backgroundimage url..imagescirclegreen.png  .woncontainer .R      backgroundimage url..imagescirclered.png  codepre  pand it turns out that browser only get code.woncontainer .Bcode class showing blue image. Browser is not aware of code.woncontainer .Rcode selector. Any idea whyp
Negative 10594 pSo heres the code Im working onp  precodepublic class MainActivity extends ListActivity    url to make request private static String url  httpalyssayango.x10.mx  private static final String TAGTYPE  movietype private static final String TAGNAME  moviename private static final String TAGLENGTH  movielength private static final String TAGSCHEDULES  movieschedules private static final String TAGCINEMA  moviecinemanumber private static final String TAGURL  movieimageurl  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain       MyTask task  new MyTaskMainActivity.this      task.executeurl    public String readMovieSchedulesString url      StringBuilder builder  new StringBuilder     HttpClient client  new DefaultHttpClient     HttpGet httpGet  new HttpGeturl     try        HttpResponse response  client.executehttpGet       StatusLine statusLine  response.getStatusLine       int statusCode  statusLine.getStatusCode       if statusCode  200          HttpEntity entity  response.getEntity         InputStream content  entity.getContent         BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReadercontent         String line         while line  reader.readLine  null            builder.appendline                 else          Log.eMainActivity.class.toString, Failed to download file             catch ClientProtocolException e        e.printStackTrace      catch IOException e        e.printStackTrace          return builder.toString      private class MyTask extends AsyncTaskltString, Void, Stringgt      private ProgressDialog pd     public MainActivity activity      public MyTaskMainActivity a              activity  a           Override     protected String doInBackgroundString... urls           String stringtoparsenull         for String url  urls                  stringtoparse  readMovieSchedulesurl  getting XML from URL                          return stringtoparse            Override     protected void onPreExecute           TODO Autogenerated method stub          pd  new ProgressDialogMainActivity.this         pd.setTitleDownloading...         pd.setMessagePlease wait.         pd.setCancelablefalse         pd.setIndeterminatetrue         pd.show          super.onPreExecute           Override     protected void onPostExecuteString readMovieSchedules            Hashmap for ListView         ArrayListltHashMapltString, Stringgtgt movieList  new ArrayListltHashMapltString, Stringgtgt          JSONArray jsonArray         try              jsonArray  new JSONArrayreadMovieSchedules          Log.iMainActivity.class.getName,             Number of entries   jsonArray.length         for int i  0 i lt jsonArray.length i            JSONObject jsonObject  jsonArray.getJSONObjecti           Log.iMainActivity.class.getName, jsonObject.getStringmoviename             Storing each json item in variable           String name  jsonObject.getStringTAGNAME           String type  jsonObject.getStringTAGTYPE           String length  jsonObject.getStringTAGLENGTH           String cinema  jsonObject.getStringTAGCINEMA           String schedules  jsonObject.getStringTAGSCHEDULES           String url  jsonObject.getStringTAGURL             creating new HashMap           HashMapltString, Stringgt map  new HashMapltString, Stringgt             adding each child node to HashMap key gt value           map.putTAGNAME, name           map.putTAGTYPE, type           map.putTAGLENGTH, length           map.putTAGCINEMA, cinema           map.putTAGSCHEDULES, schedules           map.putTAGURL, url             adding HashList to ArrayList           movieList.addmap                         Updating parsed JSON data into ListView                       THIS IS LINE 178       ListAdapter adapter  new CustomAdapterMainActivity.this, movieList,                 R.layout.listitem,                 new String[]  TAGNAME, TAGCINEMA, TAGSCHEDULES, TAGURL ,                  new int[]  R.id.name, R.id.cinema, R.id.schedules, R.id.image               setListAdapteradapter            selecting single ListView item           ListView lv  getListView             Launching new screen on Selecting Single ListItem           lv.setOnItemClickListenernew OnItemClickListener                 Override               public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt parent, View view,                       int position, long id                     getting values from selected ListItem                   String name  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.name.getText.toString                   String cost  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.cinema.getText.toString                   String description  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.schedules.getText.toString                   String url  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.image.getText.toString                     Starting new intent                   Intent in  new IntentgetApplicationContext, SingleMenuItemActivity.class                   in.putExtraTAGNAME, name                   in.putExtraTAGCINEMA, cost                   in.putExtraTAGSCHEDULES, description                   in.putExtraTAGURL, url                   startActivityin                                               catch JSONException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace                   pd.dismiss       super.onPostExecutereadMovieSchedules             private class CustomAdapter extends SimpleAdapter       public ImageLoader imageLoader      public LayoutInflater inflater  null     private Activity activity     private Context mContext     private URL url     private Bitmap bmp      public CustomAdapterContext context, Listlt extends MapltString, gtgt data,             int resource, String[] from, int[] to          supercontext, data, resource, from, to         mContext  context         inflater  LayoutInflateractivity.getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE         THIS IS LINE 238 imageLoader  new ImageLoaderactivity.getApplicationContext           Override     public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent           if convertView  null              convertView  getLayoutInflater.inflateR.layout.listitem,                     null                   HashMapltString, Objectgt data  HashMapltString, Objectgt getItemposition          TextView name  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.name         TextView cinema  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.cinema         TextView schedules  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.schedules         ImageView image  ImageView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.image          String nameString  String data.getTAGNAME         String cinemaString  String data.getTAGCINEMA         String schedulesString  String data.getTAGSCHEDULES         String imageURL  String data.getTAGURL          name.setTextnameString         cinema.setTextcinemaString         schedules.setTextschedulesString           try              URL newURL  new URLimageURL             bmp  BitmapFactory.decodeStreamnewURL.openConnection.getInputStream             image.setImageBitmapbmp          catch IOException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace                    imageLoader.DisplayImageimageURL, ActivitymContext, image          return convertView        codepre  pIm having an errorNullPointerException in these linesp  precode  ListAdapter adapter  new CustomAdapterMainActivity.this, movieList,                 R.layout.listitem,                 new String[]  TAGNAME, TAGCINEMA, TAGSCHEDULES, TAGURL ,                  new int[]  R.id.name, R.id.cinema, R.id.schedules, R.id.image   codepre  pWhat is the thing that Im missing in here Any help is much appreciated. Thanks.p  pUPDATED the Log FILEp  precode  0725 103958.564 EAndroidRuntime971 FATAL EXCEPTION main   0725 103958.564 EAndroidRuntime971 java.lang.NullPointerException   0725 103958.564 EAndroidRuntime971    at com.say.stalucia.MainActivityCustomAdapter.ltinitgtMainActivity.java238   0725 103958.564 EAndroidRuntime971    at com.say.stalucia.MainActivityMyTask.onPostExecuteMainActivity.java178   0725 103958.564 EAndroidRuntime971    at com.say.stalucia.MainActivityMyTask.onPostExecuteMainActivity.java1   0725 103958.564 EAndroidRuntime971    at android.os.AsyncTask.finishAsyncTask.java631   0725 103958.564 EAndroidRuntime971    at android.os.AsyncTask.access600AsyncTask.java177   0725 103958.564 EAndroidRuntime971    at android.os.AsyncTaskInternalHandler.handleMessageAsyncTask.java644 codepre  pLine 238p  precode  imageLoader  new ImageLoaderactivity.getApplicationContext codepre  pLine 178p  precode  ListAdapter adapter  new CustomAdapterMainActivity.this, movieList, codepre
Negative 10594 pIn my asp.net page I have three labelsp  ol liA default name to filter byli liFilled with a list of names which I want to click on to be the new filterli liFilled with a list of items to be filteredli ol  p2 and 3 are both filled by content which is loaded in by the C code behind it. When the page loads, it is automatically filtered by the default text of the first label. I want to click on the other labels to call the method which is triggered on page load but filtering with the clicked on name.p  pMy problem is that Ive tried replacing the first label with whichever name is clicked on and then loading the content again which is filtered by the first label, but it seems to reset the label to its default text obviously filtering it the same way it always does.p  pPerhaps AJAX is the easiest way but I havent tried it so a basic example doing this would be great.p  pIf you have more questions just ask.p
Negative 10594 pHere is my Entity classp  precode    Entity  Model Class as a DB entity     public class UserDetails               Id          private int userId         private String name          ElementCollection         private SetltAddressgt listOfAddresses  new HashSet              Setters and Getters Below       codepre  pHere is my Address Classp  precode    Embeddable     public class Address          private String Street    private String City    private String State    private String PinCode          Setters and Getters Below       codepre  pAm using a standalone Java Class to try and insert into my strongMySQLstrong database. Since, am new to Hibernate I just want to use this annotation and not the relations for now.p  pMy standalone Java class named HibernateTest.javap  precode       public class HibernateTest                  public static void mainString[] args                 UserDetails user  new UserDetails     Address addr  new Address     user.setUserId1     user.setNameSwateek      addr.setCityBerhampur     addr.setPinCode760001     addr.setStateOdisha     addr.setStreetRKN      user.getListOfAddresses.addaddr      Address addrOff  new Address      addrOff.setCityBangalore     addrOff.setPinCode560037     addrOff.setStateMTH     addrOff.setStreetYH      user.getListOfAddresses.addaddrOff      SessionFactory sessionFactory  new AnnotationConfiguration.configure.buildSessionFactory       Session session  sessionFactory.openSession      session.beginTransaction      session.saveuser     session.getTransaction.commit                codepre  pNow when I run the class HibernateTest I find this exception coming up. I have no clue why.p  precode    Exception in thread main org.hibernate.MappingException Could not determine type for java.util.Set, for columns codepre
Negative 10594 pOkay so here are my table schemas.br I have 2 tables. Say Table A and Table B. The primary key of Table A is PriKeyA bigint50 and primary key of Table B is PriKeyB varchar255. Both PriKeyA and PriKeyB contain the same type of data.br The relevant fields of Table A required for this problem are LastlogindateinA date and Table B is the primary key itself.br What I need to do is, get those PriKeyAs in A which are not there in Table Bs PriKeyB column and the LastlogindateinA column should be greater than 30 days from the current date. Basically I need the difference of Table A and Table B along with a certain conditionwhich is the date in this problembr Here is my SQL command  p  precode SELECT A.PriKeyA from A    LEFT JOIN B ON A.PriKeyA  B.PriKeyB     WHERE B.PriKeyB IS NULL and DATEDIFFCURRENTDATE,LastlogindateinAgt30 codepre  pHowever when I run this MySQL command, it takes about ridiculously long amount of time About 3 hours. The size of Table A is 2,50,000 and Table B is 42,000 records respectively. I thought that this problem could arise due to the fact that PriKeyA and PriKeyB are different datatypes. So i also used the codeCASTPriKeyB as unsignedcode in the query. But that too didnt work. There was a marginal performance improvement.  p  pWhat could be the possible problems Ive used Left Joins before and they never have taken this long.p
Negative 10594 pNot sure why it is looking for Entity Framework, and cant find it. Completely blanking on what to do.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsR7Ry.png altCould not load file or assemblyp  pIn the Windows Forms application the codeapp.configcode has thisp  precodeltsection nameentityFramework           typeSystem.Data.Entity.Internal.ConfigFile.EntityFrameworkSection, EntityFramework, Version5.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089 requirePermissionfalse gt codepre  pmy codeweb.configcode containsp  precodeltassembliesgt     ltadd assemblySystem.Data.Entity, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089 gt ltassembliesgt codepre  pForm1p  precode  public Form1  base      InitializeComponent   MAXFMWebEntities context  new MAXFMWebEntities    codepre
Negative 10594 pI am developing an application in which I need a feature like  when I install the app, the home page of the android default browser will be replaced by a hrefhttpmyurl.com relnofollowhttpmyurl.coma . That means I need to change the configuration of android default browser. May be it is related with changing value of codeSharedPreferencecode but I dont know how that can be done.p  pI know android browser code is open source but at this moment I dont have any idea with android default browser source code. How can I do that when my app will be installed firstp
Negative 10594 pim reading android training article a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comtrainingarticlesperftips.html relnofollowPerformance Tipsap  blockquote   pObject creation is never free. strongA generational garbage collector with   perthread allocation pools for temporary objectsstrong can make   allocation cheaper, but allocating memory is always more expensive   than not allocating memory.p blockquote  pwhats perthread allocation pools for temporary objectsp  pI didt find any docs about this.p
Negative 10594 pa hrefhttpliveweave.comSmxRe1 relnofollowhttpliveweave.comSmxRe1ap  pWhat Im trying to do is take the value if the inputs and randomly display it in a textarea. When I insert say 100 in the input textboxs it shows a random number below 100. Im trying to just take the inputs and randomly show the input values in the textbox. I thought I knew what to do but evidently I dont otherwise I wouldnt be posting here.p  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt lttitlegtRandom Value Test Generationlttitlegt ltmeta httpequivContentType charsetutf8 contenttexthtmlcharsetISO88591gt ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquery1.9.1.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt function      genbtn.clickGenRandomInput      function GenRandomInput          var txtval  input[nametextbox1].val         var txtvals  input.textbox.val         var testrandomnuminputs  Math.floorMath.random  11         var randinputs  Math.floorMath.random  txtvals          raninputs.valrandinputs    return false  ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltdivgtltlabelgtTruth 1ltlabelgtltinput typetext nametextbox1 classtextbox valueOne gtltdivgt      ltdivgtltlabelgtTruth 2ltlabelgtltinput typetext nametextbox2 classtextbox valueTwo gtltdivgt      ltdivgtltlabelgtTruth 3ltlabelgtltinput typetext nametextbox3 classtextbox valueThree gtltdivgt      ltdivgtltlabelgtTruth 4ltlabelgtltinput typetext nametextbox4 classtextbox valueFour gtltdivgt      ltinput typebutton idgenbtn valueStartgt      ltdiv classgenareagt         lttextarea idraninputs placeholderRandom inputs generate heregtlttextareagt     ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI must be overlooking something here. Im using the Facebook strategy of passportjs to authenticate users. This is done with 2 requests[route handlers]p  precodeone to initiate the the auth init function req, res, next      passport.authenticatefacebook,          callbackURL URL  facebookcallback,         state req.body attempting to put some state     req, res, next   one callback callback function req, res, next      passport.authenticatefacebook,          callbackURL URL  facebookcallback     ,     function err, profile, accessToken, refreshToken          if err return nexterr         res.sendpassedReqBody     req, res, next   the verify callback doesnt do much. Application logic is done in route callback handlers passport.usenew FacebookStrategy     clientID config.facebook.id,     clientSecret config.facebook.secret , When setting passReqToCallback to true, it is set as the first argument to the verify callback. As in function req, accessToken, refreshToken, params, profile, done  But this is the callback request object. I want the init request object. function accessToken, refreshToken, params, profile, done      params.state is undefined     return donenull, profile, accessToken, refreshToken  codepre  pMy problem is that I want the POST request body of the first function to be exposed in the callback route handler.p  pThere is an option available to the OAuth2Strategy constructor passReqToCallback which sends the latest request back to the verify callback, which is not useful to me I want the first request.bodyp  pThe next thing that looked a plausible path, was the use of the state option, as in a hrefhttpsgithub.comjaredhansonpassportoauthblobmasterlibpassportoauthstrategiesoauth2.jsL169 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comjaredhansonpassportoauthblobmasterlibpassportoauthstrategiesoauth2.jsL169ap  pBut these values arent available on the getOAuthAccessToken callback a hrefhttpsgithub.comjaredhansonpassportoauthblobmasterlibpassportoauthstrategiesoauth2.jsL124 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comjaredhansonpassportoauthblobmasterlibpassportoauthstrategiesoauth2.jsL124ap  pMy current option is to add an extra variable inside the OAuth2Strategy.prototype.authenticate function, which gets set on the 1st function, and passed back, unchanged, to the callback function, but I cant imagine this is the way to go.p
Negative 10594 pI started using bootstrap recently, and I saw  that this page a hrefhttpgetbootstrap.comcomponents relnofollowcomponentsa highlighted which section of the page you were on in the sidebar. How do they do this p
Negative 10594 pBeen struggling to make some simple code work, but face a problem with the globallocal reach of one variable.p  pHere is the code I try to get to work. This code is contained in a PHP file called by an AJAX GET procedure from Javascript. None of the GET variables appears in the below chunks of code.p  precodelocation  .Treewindowtreestructure.xml  function openXMLurl  if fileexistsurl      xml  simplexmlloadfileurl       else      echoFailed to open XML at .url     exit        function cubicleAvailableSpace       openXMLlocation  codepre  pWhen I call the last functionp  precodecubicleAvailableSpace codepre  pI getp  precodeFailed to open XML at  codepre  pWhy is the variable location not recognized in the function cubicleAvailableSpace I thought it would be considered as visible from all functions within this PHP code...p  pNow, I am sure this is easy, but I tried the whole afternoon to make this work... Looked all around the place, but could not find any reply which helped me though there are many such cases in this website Of course, when I replace the variable by its actual value .Treewindowtreestructure.xml, everything works the XML file is at the right place p  pCan you help me find whats wrong and make this location variable visible in both functions p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI have a property that is part of a select clause in a LINQ statement.  It is a due date that needs to be converted to UTC.  p  pUnfortunately, this particular property is a nullable datetime object, so I am being prevented from using the code.ToUniversalTimecode extension.p  pShouldnt I be allowed to use the null coalescing operator to handle this  I am attempting to do so, but the compiler isnt happy about itp  precodeitem.DueDate  null  item.DueDate.ToUniversalTime.ToStringo codepre  pAm I missing something simple herep
Negative 10594 pApologies for my ignorence. I couldnt figure out how to declare body of an inner class using different source files. What i want to achieve is something like thisp  psource1.hp  precodeclass A      class B  codepre  psource2.hp  precodeclass B    codepre  psource3.cpp codeImplementation of Acodep  psource4.cpp codeImplementation of Bcodep  pExtra How friendship between A and B is implied in these kind of declarations p
Negative 10594 pI try to insert values into my table in stored procedure based on the conditionsp  precodealter procedure servicereportst2 as insert into Servicereportstep1appointmentorhouse  select case when Servicereportstep1.carduid inselect carduid from visits where vidposkod  A then 1  when Servicereportstep1.carduid inselect carduid from visits  where vidposkod  B then 2  else 3 end codepre  pThe error is in codeServicereportstep1.carduidcode it is not found, however this is the first column in codeServicereportstep1code table. codeappointmentorhousecode is the second column, which should contain 1, 2 or 3 if codevisitscode table contains codecarduidcode in codeServicereportstep1code.p  pId appreciate any helpp  pShort examplep  pcodeVisitscode table has 2 columns Carduid and vidposkodp  precodecarduid         vidposkod  111111              A  222222              B  333333              A  444444              C codepre  pnow codeServicereportstep1code table has carduid column that contains all possible cards and appointmentorhouse columnp  precodecarduid      appointmentorhouse  111111              1  222222              2  333333              1  444444              1 codepre  pSo, If I have the same codecarduidscode in codeServicereportstep1code as in codeVisitscode I determine codeappointmentorhousecode column based on codevidposkodcode in codeVisitscode codeA, Ccode is 1, codeBcode is 2p  pI need to insert into codeServicereportstep1code all data correctly as in example.p
Negative 10594 pI have one solution a that has several projects 1,2,3p  pI want to take one of the projects say 2 and make it part of another solution also bp  pso that solution a consists of projects 1,2,3 and solution b consists of projects 2,4,5,6p  pIs that possible in VS2012p
Negative 10594 pI have this app that runs in full screen, the thing is that Samsung did something to their ROMs that the user can swipe down to show the notification bar, even that you are running in full screen. The thing is that my app shouldnt show the notification bar when running in full screen.p  pIs there any way to prevent thisp
Negative 10594 pI have a form in which i user a hrefhttpblueimp.github.iojQueryFileUpload relnofollowjQuery file uploaderap  pMy form contains lot of other fields other than the profile picture the user uploads. I want to upload the profile picture by sending only profile picture parameters alone with ajax and show user the progress bar with upload status. p  pHere is the coffee script i use for this.p  precodeusereditform.fileupload     url usersfilesupload     type POST     add e, datagt        e.target gives the form.       types  .gifjpegpngi       file  data.files[0]        file type verification.       if types.testfile.type  types.testfile.name         data.progressdiv    data.fileInput.attrid.closest.controlgroup.find.uploadprogress         data.progressdiv.show         data.submit       else         alertThe file you selected is not a gif, jpeg or png image file     progress e, datagt       progress  parseIntdata.loaded  data.total  100, 10       data.progressdiv.find.bar.csswidth, progress   codepre  pthis code sends all the fields in the form. I need help to send only the file fields as params. i.e., nothing but serializing the file filed alonep  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI have very simple code as followsp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltheadgt     lttitlegtlttitlegtltstylegtspan displaynone  ltstylegt ltheadgt ltbodygt    ltpgtltinput typetext idagt ltspangtfocus fireltspangtltpgt  ltpgtltinput typepassword gt ltspangtfocus fireltspangtltpgt     ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquery1.9.1.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscriptgt      input.focusfunction            this.nextspan.cssdisplay, inline.fadeOut1000         alerthe           function           a.focus      ltscriptgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pIn Chrome and Safari, alert keeps firing, comparing to IE, FF, Opera, they only fire once. Can someone explain thisp
Negative 10594 pI am using VB6. Can anyone tell me how I can make a form in round circle shapep  pI have used this code but it shows an errorp  precodePrivate Declare Function CreateRectRgn Lib gdi32 ByVal X1 As Long, ByVal Y1 As Long, ByVal X2 As Long, ByVal Y2 As Long As Long Private Declare Function CreateEllipticRgn Lib gdi32 ByVal X1 As Long, ByVal Y1 As Long, ByVal X2 As Long, ByVal Y2 As Long As Long Private Declare Function CombineRgn Lib gdi32 ByVal hDestRgn As Long, ByVal hSrcRgn1 As Long, ByVal hSrcRgn2 As Long, ByVal nCombineMode As Long As Long Private Declare Function SetWindowRgn Lib user32 ByVal hWnd As Long, ByVal hRgn As Long, ByVal bRedraw As Long As Long Private Function fMakeATranspAreaAreaType As String, pCordinate As Long As Boolean codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to write a simple TCP network tunnel in C with MonoDevelop, not VS. Currently, it works up to the point at which I make a connection. After connecting with codenetcat localhost ltportnumgtcode, I get packets filled with nulls sent at me constantly. My code isp  h2codeTunnel.cscodeh2  pre classlangcs prettyprintoverridecodeusing System using System.Net using System.Net.Sockets using System.Threading  public class Tunnel      public TcpListener listener     public NetworkStream local, remote     private Thread threadControl, threadLocalSide, threadRemoteSide     public Tunnelint localPort, String remoteServer, int remotePort          this.listener  new TcpListenernew IPEndPointnew IPAddressnew byte[]  127, 0, 0, 1 , localPort         this.remote  new TcpClientremoteServer, remotePort.GetStream         this.threadControl  new Threadnew ThreadStartthis.thread         this.threadControl.Start          public void thread          this.listener.Start         Console.WriteLineAwaiting connection...         this.local  this.listener.AcceptTcpClient.GetStream         Console.WriteLineTunnel connected         Console.WriteLineStarting threads...         this.threadLocalSide  new Threadnew ThreadStartthis.localSide         this.threadLocalSide.Start         this.threadRemoteSide  new Threadnew ThreadStartthis.remoteSide         this.threadRemoteSide.Start          public void localSide          byte[] buffer  new byte[2048]         try              whiletrue                  whilethis.local.DataAvailable                 this.local.Readbuffer, 0, buffer.Length                 this.remote.Writebuffer, 0, buffer.Length                       catch              this.threadRemoteSide.Abort                   public void remoteSide          byte[] buffer  new byte[2048]         try              whiletrue                  whilethis.remote.DataAvailable                 this.remote.Readbuffer, 0, buffer.Length                 this.local.Writebuffer, 0, buffer.Length                       catch              this.threadLocalSide.Abort                codepre
Negative 10594 pFor the last three months, I have been development a website using web.py. After successfully building it locally on my machine, we are trying to deploy it on an amazon ec2 server under their linux ami. However, we have had problems getting it to run, so we followed your cookbook examples.p  pWe are using Apache 2.2.25 and python 2.6.8 on the Linux AMI, so we are following the Red Hat deployment example a hrefhttpwebpy.orgcookbookmodwsgiapache relnofollowhttpwebpy.orgcookbookmodwsgiapachea.p  pWe had no luck successfully deploying our site, so we took a step back and tried to deploy the simplest program possible the example listed in the link above. Once again, it was not working. We have tried following several tutorials, but to no avail.  ex a hrefhttptheadaptiveweb.org20111104howtosetupmodwsgionec2amazonami relnofollowhttptheadaptiveweb.org20111104howtosetupmodwsgionec2amazonamia a hrefhttpwww.thefourtheye.in201303deployingwebpyapplicationinapache.html relnofollowhttpwww.thefourtheye.in201303deployingwebpyapplicationinapache.htmlap  pWe have modified these tutorials to see if we can get it working. these are the steps we have takenp  hr  h2Setting up the Serverh2  precode0. Set the Time     sudo rm etclocaltime     cd usersharezoneinfo     ln s usersharezoneinfoAmericaEdmonton etclocaltime  1. Get Pip     wget httppypi.python.orgpackagessourceppippip1.1.tar.gzmd562a9f08dd5dc69d76734568a6c040508     tar xvf pip.gz     cd pip     sudo python setup.py install 1.1 Or Easy install     Included in directory  2. Get Web.py     yum install pythonwebpy fedora     or easyinstall web.py      we added a file call app.py into varwwwhtmlapp.py  3. Get Apache     sudo yum install httpd httpddevel  4. Get modwsgi     sudo yum install modwsgi      4.1 Configure modwsgi         sudo vim etchttpdconfhttpd.conf         Add this httpwebpy.orgcookbookmodwsgiapache LoadModule wsgimodule modulesmodwsgi.so      WSGIScriptAlias app varwwwhtmlapp.py Alias appstatic varwwwhtmlstatic  AddType texthtml .py   ltDirectory varwwwhtmlgt     Order deny,allow      Allow from all      Options Indexes FollowSymLinks Multiviews  ltDirectorygt                   4.2 Change Permissions         cd varrun         sudo mkdir wsgi         sudo chown R ec2user wsgi         sudo chgrp R ec2user wsgi         sudo chmod R 775 wsgi          cd varwww         sudo chown R ec2user html         sudo chgrp R ec2user html         sudo chmod R 775 html  5. Run Apache     sudo sbinservice httpd start      5.1 To view error logs         sudo su          cd varloghttpd         tail n 300 errorlog codepre  pWhen we run codesudo sbinservice httpd startcode, we get codeStarting httpdcode but there is no  code[ OK ]code which usually is displayed if you it is successfully running. p  pemNote Options Indexes FollowSymLinks Multiviews was added to prevent this error Directory Index Forbidden by Options directive varwwwhtmlemp  pemAlso note we changed codevarwwwhtmlapp.pycode to codevarwwwhtmlapp.pycodeem p  pWe know apache is working. Going to a hrefhttpec254226136215.compute1.amazonaws.com relnofollowhttpec254226136215.compute1.amazonaws.coma shows the their standard main page.p  pHowever, going to a hrefhttpec254226136215.compute1.amazonaws.comapp relnofollowhttpec254226136215.compute1.amazonaws.comappa only shows not found.p  pChecking the error logs shows no problems. Accessing the website only displays not found.  strongWe are lost, have no information on how to debug and dont no how to proceed.strong p
Negative 10594 pWhen I call a script from Javascriptp  precode    var user  document.getElementByIdusername.value     var pass  document.getElementByIdpassword.value     var conf  document.getElementByIdconfirm.value     var code  document.getElementByIdcode.value      ifcode.length  0  pass.length  0  user.length  0  conf.length  0          alertEntries empty      else ifpass  conf          alertPasswords dont match            window.location  scriptschangepassword.phpUsernameuserampPasswordpassampCodecode codepre  pchangepassword.php in my scripts folder has the following headings its refreshing the current page and not passing the parameters into the script. any ideasp  pit gives me error2.p  pscriptschangepassword.phpp  precodeif issetGET[Username] ampamp issetGET[Password]ampamp issetGET[Code]  ...  else       response  arrayresultgterror2     echo jsonencoderesponse     echo hi  codepre
Negative 10594 pIts easier to show on example. If I send the following to F interactivep  precodetype Person  Name  string Age  int let joe  Name  Joe Age30 codepre  pThe output isp  precodetype Person    Name string    Age int val joe  Person  Name  Joe                     Age  30 codepre  pFsi is smart enough to print all the properties.p  pSending the following, linebylinep  precodelet l  new Listltintgt l codepre  presults inp  precodeval l  Listltintgt val it  Listltintgt  seq [] codepre  pFsi sees that codelcode implements codeIEnumerablecode, and rightfully thinks this is what I expect to see.  But there are other properties in codelcode, notably codeCountcode and codeCapacitycode. Thats not that important for lists, but it is for complex types in my casep  pemHow do I make F interactive print out the properties of an object and ignore it being codeIEnumerablecodeem just like for the type codePersoncode in the first examplep
Negative 10594 pI, im developing a mobile application Android that works with a server application on PC side. I need to use multicast UDP datagrams to sending information at smartphone connected to WIFI area.  I have two module The first module is a UDP multicast server.p  precodeprivate void connection      System.setPropertyjava.net.preferIPv4Stack, true     String msg  Hello     InetAddress group  null     try          group  InetAddress.getByName224.0.2.0      catch UnknownHostException e3           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e3.printStackTrace          while true          MulticastSocket s  null         try              s  new MulticastSocket6789          catch IOException e2               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e2.printStackTrace                  try              s.joinGroupgroup             s.setTimeToLive200           catch IOException e1               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e1.printStackTrace                  DatagramPacket hi  new DatagramPacketmsg.getBytes,                 msg.length, group, 6789         try               s.sendhi             System.out.printlnhi.toString             s.leaveGroupgroup             s.close             try                  Thread.sleep2000              catch InterruptedException e                   TODO Autogenerated catch block                 e.printStackTrace                        catch IOException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace                codepre  pThis function up create a MulticastSocket and sending information at multicast address em224.0.2.06789em.p  pThe second module is a java receiver for the UDP packets sent by the first program.p  precodebyte[] b  new byte[1024]              DatagramPacket dgram  new DatagramPacketb, b.length              MulticastSocket socket  null             try                  socket  new MulticastSocket6789              catch IOException e                  Log.eWIFIE, e.getMessage               must bind receive side             try                  socket.joinGroupInetAddress.getByName224.0.2.0              catch UnknownHostException e                   TODO Autogenerated catch block                 e.printStackTrace              catch IOException e                   TODO Autogenerated catch block                 e.printStackTrace                           whiletrue                try                  socket.receivedgram              catch IOException e                   TODO Autogenerated catch block                 e.printStackTrace               blocks until a datagram is received              Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext, Received   dgram.getLength                            bytes from   dgram.getAddress, Toast.LENGTHLONG               dgram.setLengthb.length  must reset length field               codepre  pThis is my code. Now the problem. When im starting the server PC side, UDP packets are visible only on localhost machine tested with Wireshark and the smarthpone or other PC cannot receive their. I try to turn off Windows firewall and antivirus but not working. I have no idea why packets are not redirected correctly on the network. Maybe some errors in my code Thanks you.p
Negative 10594 pi have data frame which contains Quarter and Unique Customer ID columns what i want is plot a graph which will count the Unique customers by Quarter. p  pwhat i tried is p  precodeuniquegraphltdata.frameuniqueCustomerdf gt uniqueCustomerltcuniquegraphCustomer.Id gt QuarterltcuniquegraphQuarter gt uniquegraphplotltdata.frameuniqueCustomeruniqueCustomer,QuarterQuarter gt  ggplotuniquegraphplot,aesxQuarter,yuniqueCustomer  geombarstatidentity codepre  pand also i tried codehistcodep  precodehistuniqueCustomer, plotTRUE codepre  pbut here how to assign Quarter i am not gettingp  pHere is my datap  precode Quarter                Customer.Id   2009 Q1                   10025   2009 Q1                   10096   2009 Q1                   10062   2009 Q1                   10030   2009 Q1                   10037   2009 Q1                   10078   2009 Q1                   10032   2009 Q1                   10243   2009 Q1                   10052   2011 Q1                   10019   2009 Q4                   13710   2009 Q4                   15310   2009 Q4                   13814   2010 Q3                   13210   2009 Q4                   10143 codepre
Negative 10594 pI cant coerce R to use . as decimal point, although I used the argument dec,p  precoderead.tablehttpwww.loaditup.defiles783502n4vrencc5p.txt,dec, codepre  pThe a hrefhttpwww.loaditup.defiles783502n4vrencc5p.txt relnofollowdataa is available online. p  pNote the NAs in my data set are marked as ., this may be the origin of this problem...p  pHas anyone nay suggestion how I could make R to read in the data with . as decimal pointp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pHere is the codep  precodeprintlocs.onchange, function      var selctloc  printlocs.findoptionselected     loc1.propdisabled, selctloc.val  0     loc2.propdisabled, selctloc.val  0     loc3.propdisabled, selctloc.val  0     loc4.propdisabled, selctloc.val  0  codepre  pI want to make it so the string with codeloc1code is disabled only when equal to code0code, codeloc2code is disabled with code0 or 1code and so on, but I cant figure it out. Ive tried putting different areas in brackets, using codecode, but nothing is working.p
Negative 10594 pI have recently started using a hrefhttpsgithub.comrackspacepyraxpyrax relnofollowpyraxa, the python binding for the Rackspace API. I have a test account on Rackspace and a server running there. Using my username and apikey I can authenticate and list all the servers found in that region.p  pHow do I connect to a particular server given its name, server id, IPv4 address, IPv6 address, flavor etc.p
Negative 10594 pMy php class creates the following commandp  precodeINSERT INTO contacts firstName, lastName VALUES jon, snow  DECLARE IDcontacts VARCHAR200 SET IDcontacts  IDENTITY  INSERT INTO emailAddresses ownerId, emailAddress VALUES IDcontacts, jonthewall.com  INSERT INTO emailAddresses ownerId, emailAddress VALUES IDcontacts, jonwinterfell.com   INSERT INTO emailAddresses ownerId, emailAddress VALUES IDcontacts, thebastardwinterfell.com  codepre  pI create the connection, begin a transaction with, and execute the batch with codesqlsrvquerycode.  p  pAfter executing the batch, codesqlsrverrorscode gives me four errors code[Microsoft][SQL Native Client][SQL Server]Must declare the scalar variable IDcontacts.codep  phowever, if I use exactly the same batch string in SQL Server Management Studio, it works fine and all four records are inserted with the correct identity value from the first insert.p  pIm using SQL Server Express 2005, php version 5.4.3 and the most recent sqlsrv driver.  I havent been able to find anything about this on technet or the ms forums, and any help would be appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI have a classp  precodepublic class testltTgt  codepre  pI would like to get the type of the class. I have the generic type. I need to use typeof.p  pwould this workp  precodeType genericType  typeofSystem.Int32 typeoftestltgt.MakeGenericTypenew Type[]  genericType  codepre  pThank you for your help in advancep
Negative 10594 pI have a javascript function that you can see herep  precodefunction tot   forvar i1ilt13i   var a  parseFloatdocument.getElementByIdci.innerHTML  var b  parseFloatdocument.getElementByIdki.innerHTML  var c  parseFloatdocument.getElementByIdwi.innerHTML  var d  parseFloatdocument.getElementByIdgi.innerHTML   var e  abcd  document.getElementByIdti.innerHTML  e    codepre  pAs you can see, I only need to do calculate the result between abcd. The HTML code of the elements is the followingp  precodeltlabel idc1gt0ltlabelgt ltlabel idk1gt0ltlabelgt ltlabel idw1gt0ltlabelgt ltlabel idg1gt0ltlabelgt ltbr gt ltlabel idt1gt0ltlabelgt ltbr gt ltlabel idc2gt0ltlabelgt ltlabel idk2gt0ltlabelgt ltlabel idw2gt0ltlabelgt ltlabel idg2gt0ltlabelgt ltbr gt ltlabel idt2gt0ltlabelgt ... codepre  pThe labels values of c, k, w and g increments until 12. The problem is that when I call this function on Firefox, it works perfectly but wh I use google Chrome, it doesnt. I dont see any calculation.p  pDo you know whyp  pI the function is stored in an external file called codeconti.jscode and I call it in this wayp  precodeltscript srcconti.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  pThat code is inside the  tag. a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netSQ6kp relnofollowjsfiddleap
Negative 10594 pIm trying to call repaint from another class. But it does not work. I have to draw on a frame. p  precodepublic class Tester extends JFrame      public static dtest d      public static void mainString[] args          Tester t  new Tester         d  new dtest         test tnew  new test           public static class dtest extends JFrame implements MouseMotionListener         public static int x,y         dtest                      supertitle             setSize500,500             setVisibletrue             addMouseMotionListenerthis                   Override         public void mouseDraggedMouseEvent e              x  e.getX             y  e.getY             repaint                   Override         public void mouseMovedMouseEvent e               TODO Autogenerated method stub                    public void paintGraphics g                      System.out.printlnI am called                    public static class test          public test                         forint i  0  i lt 5  i                              System.out.printlnI am called from run                 d.repaint                              codepre  pthis prints p  precodeI am called from run  I am called from run  I am called from run  I am called from run  I am called from run codepre  pso it does not executing the codepaintcode portion. coded.repaintcode is not working. whyp
Negative 10594 pIm writing a 3ds Max exporter and I need to get mesh normals computed by the application. I have a codeMeshcode instance and I can get vertex positions, UVs, colors, etc. but the normals seem to be not so easy... BTW I know how to compute facevertex normals, but I need the exact data from 3ds Max, with smoothing groups and material index taken into account.p  pFor this case Ive created a simple box and looked into resulting codeMeshcode instance after calling the codebuildNormalscode method. Here is what Ive found after some debugging and digging into documentation, all mentioned data are inside of a codeMeshcode classp  pI have simple vertexface numbersp  precodeint numVerts  8 int numFaces  12 codepre  pAnd vericesfaces datap  precodePoint3 verts     contains 8 vectors with positions x,y,z Face   faces     contains 12 faces, each with 3 indexes into verts  [07] codepre  pSo far so good... Now I have computed normals datap  precodeint normalCount  24   6 sides  4 vertices each, no reuse of normal data Point3 gfxNormals     contains 24 normal vectors codepre  pAt this point I have almost all the data I need but I cant assign one normal to one rendered vertex. There is one more interesting tablep  precodeTabltulonggt norInd     contains 8 indexes  0,3,6,9,12,15,18,21 codepre  pIt seems to be somehow connected to previous fields I have 8 verts, each has 3 normals but I have no idea how to use it in more complex situations.p  h2What I need to geth2  pI need an index of normal for particular vertex in particular face, or in other words  if I wanted to render 0th face in OpenGl I could usep  precodeglVertex3f verts[ faces[0].v[0] ].x, verts[ faces[0].v[0] ].y, verts[ faces[0].v[0] ].z  glVertex3f verts[ faces[0].v[1] ].x, verts[ faces[0].v[1] ].y, verts[ faces[0].v[1] ].z      glVertex3f verts[ faces[0].v[2] ].x, verts[ faces[0].v[2] ].y, verts[ faces[0].v[2] ].z  codepre  pBut what to pass to codeglNormal3fcodep
Negative 10594 pIm pretty new to Java and completey new to applets. This is my first time trying to run an applet.  My problem is that my applet doesnt appear in the browser when I open the html file.p  pheres my html filep  precodelthtmlgt   ltheadgt     lttitlegtJava Applet Demolttitlegt   ltheadgt   ltbodygt     ltapplet        code  DisplayLabel.class        width  250        height  50       align  centergt     ltappletgt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pand my java codep  precodeimport javax.swing.  public class DisplayLabel extends JApplet      public DisplayLabel         addnew JLabelGreat, JLabel.CENTER      codepre  pi placed both files into the same path folder and tried to open the html file, but the applet doesnt appear.  When I run the applet from Eclipse or run the html from the applet viewer in the command, the applet appears.  why is this  could it be some browser settingp
Negative 10594 pCant find the answer to my questionsp  pIve created a project in XCode choose only landscape orientation create design in .xib file also for landscape only. BUT When i start my project on simulator I have the next problem Simulator have landscape position but all elements shown like in portrait p  pHow to change it for landscape alsop  pSo when i add this code to delegate this problem exist p  precodeUIViewController rootController  [[G2SwitchViewController alloc] init] navigationViewController  [[UINavigationController alloc]             initWithRootViewControllerrootController] self.window  [[UIWindow alloc] initWithFrame[[UIScreen mainScreen] bounds]]  [self.window addSubviewnavigationViewController.view] [self.navigationViewController setNavigationBarHiddenYES] [self.window makeKeyAndVisible] return YES codepre
Negative 10594 pI am working on an application where I have a UITableView that is made up of custom UITableViewCells.  Each UITableViewCell has a UITextField.  What I am trying to do is enable a UIButton when all of the UITextFields are populated, which I am now able to do.  My challenge now is to disable this very button when not all of the UITextFields are populated.  Here is the code that I am working withp  precode BOOLtextFieldUITextField textField shouldChangeCharactersInRangeNSRangerange replacementStringNSString string       for int i  0 i lt [self.table numberOfSections] i           NSInteger rows   [self.table numberOfRowsInSectioni]          for int row  0 row lt rows row               NSIndexPath indexPath  [NSIndexPath indexPathForRowrow inSectioni]             SimpleTableCell cell  SimpleTableCell [self.table cellForRowAtIndexPathindexPath]              NSNumber numKey  [NSNumber numberWithInt cell.dataField.tag]             NSString text  cell.dataField.text              if [[cell dataField] text]  nil ampamp [[[cell dataField] text] length] gt 0                   [dict setObjecttext forKeynumKey]                  NSArray keys  [dict allKeys]                  if [keys count]  [dataName count]  1  where dataName is the array that is populating my UITableView                      [doneButton setEnabledYES]                     [doneButton.titleLabel setFont[UIFont boldSystemFontOfSize28]]                                 else  if there is a UITextField that is empty                  [dict removeObjectForKeynumKey]                  NSArray keys  [dict allKeys]                 below is the clause where I disable the button, after checking if there is a single UITextField that is not populated                 if [keys count] lt [tireName count]  1                       [doneButton setEnabledNO]                     [doneButton.titleLabel setFont[UIFont systemFontOfSize28]]                                                      return YES  codepre  pIt is able to enable the button only when all of the fields are populated, which is precisely what I want, but unfortunately, it only disables the button when there are three empty UITextFields.  My approach in doing this isp  pAs I go through each UITextField in the UITableView, I check to see if the UITextField is empty, or not.  If it is not empty, I enter the string value from the UITextField into an NSMutableDictionary using the UITextFields tag value as the key.  If the UITextField is empty, then I simply remove the object connected to that key.  In theory, my approach makes sense, but it is not working as I hoped.  Can anyone see what I am doing wrong  p  pThanks in advance to all who reply.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to formulate some better urls for a product model I have, only on the show action.  Im currently using friendid to generate pretty slugs, which is fine, but Im trying to improve the URL flow if I can.  p  pCurrent my paths work like thisp  precode    example.comproductsprettyurlslug codepre  pWhen saving a parictular product to the Product Model, I also save a typeof attribute.  Which could be android, iphone, windowsp  pSo I am trying to ultimately have robust URLS like thisp  precode    example.comproductsiphoneprettyurlslug codepre  pThe problem is, that I dont have or believe I want an actual iphone, android, etc controller.   But Id rather just update a combination of the routes and show action to handle this properly. p  pSo far Ive attempted to solve this by using a catch all on the routes, but is not working correctly.  Any suggestions or different ways to handle this elegantlyp  precode           routes             resources products              at the bottom of my routes a catch all            match products gt productsshow              match routes for later time to do something with to act like a               normal category page.             match productsiphone gt productsiphoneindex            match productsandroid gt productsandroidindex            match productswindows gt productswindowsindex             show action in the products controller                 def show                  try to locate the product                  if params[product].present                   slugtolookup  params[product].split.last                   typeof   params[product].split.second                   product  Product.findbyslugslugtolookup                 else                   product  Product.findbyslugparams[id]                 end                   redirect if url is not the slug value                if product.blank                 redirectto dashboardpath               elsif request.path  productpathproduct                 redirectto productpathproduct               end              end codepre  pThis way to handle the problem sort of works, but I cant fiqure out how to append the typeof attribute and generate a valid URL. p
Negative 10594 pWhen i m typing text in input, the text cursor is working differenlty in chrome. For IE, it is appearing in center with text but for chrome, it is taking entire textbox height even though my fontsize is 16px. When i m reducing lineheight, then text is starting from top in IE. Below is the css which i am usingp  precode   .mainContent .searchBox .searchField .text float leftwidth507px height 67px bordernonefontsize 16px fontfamily verdanacolor 3F454F lineheight 4  codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying out a hrefhttpsgithub.comrsmschromiumtabs relnofollowcodechromiumtabscodea. I have an issue where the icon of a tab never gets properly updated after it gets created for the first time. In my codeCTTabContentscode subclass, I havep  precode voidtabDidBecomeSelected      NSLogselected     [self setIcon[NSImage imageNameddefault]]    voidtabDidResignSelected      NSLogresign selected     [self setIcon[NSImage imageNamednotification]]  codepre  pThis should change the icon if the tab resigns its selected status to a different one. But it doesnt. The icon never changes. Note that Ive tried the same exact calls in codeidinitWithBaseTabContentsCTTabContents baseContents andJidNSString jid andStatusNSString statuscode where they work fine, so the calls fail only on an update of the icon later.p  pIve also made sure the functions are getting called I see the log statements. Whats the problem here Also, is this the fork that Chrome actually uses It obviously works in Chrome, which is strange... Am I doing something wrongp  pI even tried doing code[[[self.browser.windowController window] contentView] setNeedsDisplayYES]code in the codetabDidBecomeSelectedcode functions, to force the whole window to redraw, in case their code for updating the icon fails, but still no luck.p
Negative 10594 pI followed the guideline on a hrefhttpsymfony.comdoccurrentcookbookbundlesextension.html relnofollowhow to expose a semantic configuration for a bundlea and configured it in my codeappconfig.ymlcode through codeparameters.ymlcode. p  pMy bundle also contains some console commands. Right now this command either uses the dev or prod configuration, which is fine. p  pBut how can I make the console commands use an additional configuration file that sets some things different than in codeconfig.ymlcodep  pE.g. p  precodeappconfig.yml imports     resource parameters.yml   foo   viewmode viewmode codepre  pandp  precodeappparameters.yml parameters   viewmode 1 codepre  pHow can I make it e.g. use a different parameters.ymlp  precodeappparametersconsole.yml parameters   viewmode 2 codepre  pwhen called through the console A new environment is not what I want here.p
Negative 10594 pI am looking for a way to change the tint and background colors of a standard android ProgressBar in Xamarin Studio. Found some tips for how this is done in java like thisp  precodemyprogress.setBackgroundDrawablec.getResources.getDrawableR.drawable.progress codepre  pBut I couldnt figure out how to use this in Xamarin. I have also seen the pretty large xml files, making gradient backgrounds. But shouldnt there be an easy way to just change the colors without any gradientp
Negative 10594 pHow can I have these two surfaces on top of each other in the yplane. I tried with this code but it didnt work.Can someone offer ideasI have tried several ways but they all couldnt workp  precodeCx180 Cy170 M6 Dr20  n2M1 Vertex[0 0 0] phi  linspacepi,pi,n rlinspace0,Dr,n  x  rcosphiVertex1  y  rsinphiVertex2  zCxx.2Cyy.2.11sqrtCxx.2Cyy.2.2.x.2y.2Vertex3  surfz,x,y axis setgca, YDir,reverse     xlabelXaxis,fontweight,bold ylabelZaxis,fontweight,bold zlabelYaxis,fontweight,bold hold on Vertex[pi pi pi] phi  linspacepi,pi,n rlinspace0,Dr,n  x  rcosphiVertex1  y  rsinphiVertex2  zCxx.2Cyy.2.11sqrtCxx.2Cyy.2.2.x.2y.2Vertex3  surfz,x,y axis  setgca, YDir,reverse     xlabelXaxis,fontweight,bold ylabelZaxis,fontweight,bold zlabelYaxis,fontweight,bold codepre  pstrongEDITstrong  p  pThe idea is to produce something similar to this  p  precodeM5 n2M1 c120 Dr110 k1 Vertex[0 0 0]  phi  linspace0,2pi,n rlinspace0,Dr,n  x  rcosphiVertex1 y  rsinphiVertex2 z  crcosphi.2rsinphi.2. ...     1sqrt11kc2rcosphi.2 ...     rsinphi.2Vertex3  surfx,z,y  setgcf, Renderer, ZBuffer hold on Vertex[0 0.399 0]  phi  linspace0,2pi,n rlinspace0,Dr,n  x  rcosphiVertex1 y  rsinphiVertex2 z  crcosphi.2rsinphi.2. ...     1sqrt11kc2rcosphi.2 ...     rsinphi.2Vertex3  surfx,z,y codepre
Negative 10594 pWhat i need  1. Send messages through jms.  2. Have messages persisted so that if not handled from client and server restarts client gets the message on server restart.  3. Messages should be received from client in the same order as these messages have been sent.  4. Have multiple consumers in the queue so as to scale and handle different messages in parallel.p  pWhat i did I use active mq and have the following spring configurationp  precodeltbean iddestination classorg.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQQueuegt     ltconstructorarg index0 valuedestinationgt ltbeangt  ltbean idtemplate classorg.springframework.jms.core.JmsTemplategt     ltproperty nameconnectionFactory refpooledConnectionFactorygt     ltproperty namedeliveryMode value2gt     ltproperty namedefaultDestination refdestinationgt ltbeangt  ltbean idmessageListener classInternalNotificationJMSConsumergt  ltjmslistenercontainer connectionfactorypooledConnectionFactory acknowledgeclient destinationtypequeue concurrency510 containertypesimple  cachenone clientidclient1 prefetch1gt       ltjmslistener destinationdestination refmessageListener methodonMessagegt ltjmslistenercontainergt codepre  pSo i have my destination and my connection pool. Then i create a spring jmstemplate and start sending messagesp  precodetemplate.sendnew MessageCreator    public Message createMessageSession session throws JMSException      return session.createObjectMessagemessage     codepre  pThen i have the receiver as followsp  precodeComponent public class JMSConsumer implements MessageListener     Override   public void onMessageMessage message      if message instanceof ObjectMessage        ....           codepre  pMy problemsp  pa. Messages using this configuration are not received in order. This makes sence given the xsd comment in listenercontainer.concurency keep concurrency limited to 1 in case of a topic listener or if message ordering is important. So question is howif i can keep order but have multiple consumers. p  pb. message acknowledgement. What i need is that after message has been processed, onMessage returns, only then message is considered as acknowledged and not retransmited. I have no transactionmanager in terms that i am not inside any application server and wish to avoid this if possible. i only need to acknowledge messages my self. Is this possiblep
Negative 10594 pIn my code I have a Mesh class that is a wrapper for basic VAO and VBO functionality. Its constructor takes an array of vertices and indices, and has a draw function.p  pI call the glGen functions during its instantiation and glDelete functions in its destructor.p  pClearly this leaves problems during assignment  copy constructionp  precodeMesh A               Mesh B myVerts, myIndices         A  B      A.draw    this works because the VAO and VBOs of B are still around  A.draw         fails because the destructor of B calls glDelete codepre  pTo remedy this, in the assignment and copy constructor I rebuffer VBO data using glMapBufferp  precodeMeshamp Meshoperator   const Mesh ampotherMesh        glGenBuffers 1, ampvertexBufferObject       otherMesh.bind     void data  glMapBuffer GLARRAYBUFFER, GLREADWRITE       bind     glBufferDataGLARRAYBUFFER, numBytes, data, GLSTREAMDRAW      otherMesh.bind     glUnmapBufferGLARRAYBUFFER     codepre  pIs there a way to copy the VAO state from one VAO to another. Or must I recall all the glVertexAttribPointer etc functions for a fresh VAO.p
Negative 10594 pI have an objectp  precodeAccount      Id,     Name,     CurrentBalance  codepre  pcodeIdcode is an immutable key, codeNamecode is a mutable string, and codeCurrentBalancecode is calculated from all of the transactions associated with the account. p  pI am stuck on the fact that codeGET AccountsIdcode will not be idempotent because changes to a transaction will cause a change in codeCurrentBalancecode. Should I remove this field from the object and make a request likep  precodePOST AccountsIdCurrentBalance codepre  pBut now I have to make multiple calls to the server to get the codeCurrentBalancecode of all objectsp  precodeGET Accounts POST AccountsId1CurrentBalance POST AccountsId2CurrentBalance POST AccountsId3CurrentBalance .... codepre  pI guess I am just looking to see if there is already a standard way to handle this that I am missingp  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pPart 2 if the original object is ok via GET. My only way to update the codeAccount.Namecode is via a PATCH as I cannot allow an update to CurrentBalance, correctp  pstrongNOTEstrongp  pI realize I could put this on the client to have to get all transactions and calculate it, but I would prefer to do this on the server for multiple reasonsp
Negative 10594 pIm writing a huge bulk tranfer to a real time USB device, but I would like to receive some interrupts at the same time. It looks like the bulk is stalling the interrupt probing, and even with a perpetual interrupt probing loop they get stuck, and I get a few interrupts after each bulk, but not everything in the queue and all the new ones are stuck generated after the end of the bulk.p  pAt the theoretical level javascript is visibly monothread, and the bulk transfer seem to be in the main thread albeit its nonblockigfriendly API it freezes the browser. So I dont even know what Im supposed to do. Web workers cant access the chrome object.p  pIs there some demo code for that somewhere  I cant find any nontrivial uses of the chrome USB api on google.p  pIts very difficult to post code do a custom device, but the thing is there a hrefhttpsgithub.comnraynaudwebgcodeblobghpageswebappindex.jsL110 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comnraynaudwebgcodeblobghpageswebappindex.jsL110ap
Negative 10594 pI got a model containing two counters p  pre     class MyObjectmodels.Model         ...         studentc  models.PositiveIntegerFielddefault0, blankTrue, nullTrue         companyc  models.PositiveIntegerFielddefault0, blankTrue, nullTrue      def totalfollowersself         return self.studentc  self.companyc pre  pone is working perfectly and returns an integer value but the other one returns p  precodedjango.db.models.expressions.ExpressionNode object at 0x7ff4d8320a10 codepre  pI tried to change PositiveIntegerField to IntegerField and to rename the field with another name but I still get the same result  I destroyed the database and rebuilt it many timesp  pIn my template I can see this code  DEFAULT , 1codep  pIn fact Im trying to do an atomic increment like thisp  precodeproject  getobjector404Project, pkkwargs[pk] project.studentc  Fstudentc  1 project.saveupdatefields[studentc] or even just project.save codepre  pThis is where the problem is coming from. I looked there and I found the same code  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1598932atomicincrementofacounterindjangoAtomic increment of a counter in djangoap  pWhat am I doing wrong p  pAny help would be very appreciated.p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI am wondering in which cases can an app return an empty array when usingp  precodeAccountManager am  AccountManager.getthis Accoun[] accounts  am.getAccountsByTypecom.google return accounts[0].name codepre  pand return a null or a null pointer exceptionp  pI ask because my app is available just in the google play store, so they need a google account in order to access it. So how can the accountmanager return no accounts of type com.google if the app was downloaded from the play store unless they side loaded it.p  pAgain, the question is what scenarios would cause the am.getAccountsByTypecom.google to return a null or a null pointer exception.p
Negative 10594 pIm going to store last five minutes server load into a variable in a shell script. I use the following command which works perfectlyp  precode    uptime  awk F load average print 2  awk F,  print 2 codepre  blockquote   pOUTPUT  0.24p blockquote  pBut when I create a shell script file it print whole uptime output. p  pHere is my shell script p  precodebinsh uptime  uptime  awk F load average  print 2  awk F, print 2 echo uptime codepre  blockquote   pOUTPUT  193922 up 52 min,  2 users,  load average 0.03, 0.12, 0.20p blockquote  pWhat is wrong in my shell script p
Negative 10594 pAm trying to do special offers to my magento shop.Actually that is easy but actually my scenario is differs from others.My scenario is,I must get the products based on custom attributedate of sale and as well as product qty must be greater than zeroQty0.I got the products using custom attribute like,  p  precode     ltphp       collection  MagegetResourceModelcatalogsearchadvancedcollection         gtaddAttributeToSelectMagegetSingletoncatalogconfig gtgetProductAttributes         gtaddMinimalPrice         gtaddStoreFilter       MagegetSingletoncatalogproductstatusgtaddVisibleFilterToCollectioncollection     MagegetSingletoncatalogproductvisibilitygtaddVisibleInSearchFilterToCollectioncollection     collectiongtaddAttributeToFilterdatesale, arraylt gt todayDate      return collectiongt codepre  pOn this i got the products based on date of sale is lesser than today date.On that itself i must get products which qty is greater than 0.p  pgive me some hopes guysp
Negative 10594 pI am following this tutorial code[chart.js][1]code and I get this error and this line p  precodevar ctx  myChart.get0.getContext2d codepre  pwhere codemyChartcode stands for codeltfigure idmyChart classchartgtltfiguregtcodep  pthrows this error p  precodeUncaught TypeError Object ltHTMLElementgt has no method getContext codepre
Negative 10594 pi need to disable the required tag of this textbox when a submit button is clickp  precode ltaspTextbox runatserver idusername required nameusername typetext placeholdermyusernamegt codepre  pi tried to write the following code but it did not workp  precode  Dim tbUserName As TextBox Page.FindControlusername   tbUserName.required  False  codepre  pcan you please help me p
Negative 10594 pI am working on a web project that both Spring MVC 3.1.1 and Primefaces 3.4.2 are mixed together. Spring MVC is used to serve REST servicesusing URL annotations and PrimeFaces is used for user interfaces. So naturally, I have one configuration file for both of these components.p  pHere is my problemp  pcodeindex.xhtmlcode is already set as welcome file in codeweb.xmlcode but I cant access the home page through codehttplocalhost8080SampleWebApplicationcodep  pBut I can access the home page through codehttplocalhost8080SampleWebApplicationindex.xhtmlcodep  pWhat I want to achieve is I want to set codeindex.xhtmlcode file as the projects welcome file so that when the user enters codehttplocalhost8080SampleWebApplicationcode the user must be directed to the welcome page.p  pThis is my codeweb.xmlcode filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltwebapp version3.0 xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocationhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee httpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaeewebapp30.xsdgt      ltcontextparamgt         ltparamnamegtjavax.faces.PROJECTSTAGEltparamnamegt         ltparamvaluegtDevelopmentltparamvaluegt     ltcontextparamgt      ltlistenergt         ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListenerltlistenerclassgt     ltlistenergt      ltcontextparamgt         ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt         ltparamvaluegt         ltparamvaluegt     ltcontextparamgt     ltcontextparamgt         ltparamnamegtprimefaces.THEMEltparamnamegt         ltparamvaluegtcupertinoltparamvaluegt     ltcontextparamgt      ltservletgt         ltservletnamegtdispatcherltservletnamegt         ltservletclassgtorg.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServletltservletclassgt         ltinitparamgt             ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt             ltparamvaluegtWEBINFconfigapplicationContext.xmlltparamvaluegt         ltinitparamgt         ltloadonstartupgt2ltloadonstartupgt     ltservletgt      ltservletgt         ltservletnamegtFaces Servletltservletnamegt         ltservletclassgtjavax.faces.webapp.FacesServletltservletclassgt         ltloadonstartupgt1ltloadonstartupgt     ltservletgt     ltservletmappinggt         ltservletnamegtdispatcherltservletnamegt         lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt     ltservletmappinggt     ltservletmappinggt         ltservletnamegtFaces Servletltservletnamegt         lturlpatterngt.xhtmllturlpatterngt     ltservletmappinggt     ltsessionconfiggt         ltsessiontimeoutgt             11         ltsessiontimeoutgt     ltsessionconfiggt     ltwelcomefilelistgt         ltwelcomefilegtindex.xhtmlltwelcomefilegt     ltwelcomefilelistgt     lterrorpagegt          lterrorcodegt404lterrorcodegt          ltlocationgterror.jspltlocationgt      lterrorpagegt     lterrorpagegt          lterrorcodegt500lterrorcodegt          ltlocationgterror.jspltlocationgt      lterrorpagegt ltwebappgt codepre
Negative 10594 pThere are databases that currently run in the full version of Microsoft SQL Server 2008, and I am looking to start developing with them from my personal computer, using the express version. p  pWould there be any issues with this p  pMy current thought is that theyre the same server, but the express offers less features. So there may be issues if the premium features are currently being usedp
Negative 10594 pSo I asked and answered the question [how to do Phonegap 3.0 without Phonegap Build][1]. Now my app is ready for iOS as well I think and its time to start deploying and debugging for that platform.p  pThe formal question how can I add the iOS platform to a Phonegap 3.0 projectp
Negative 10594 pI have a file which is encoded as UTF8.  Id like to change it to UTF8  a hrefhttpsen.wikipedia.orgwikiByteordermark relnofollowBOMa.p  pThis is what I wrote, but it didnt workp  precodewritebinary mycontacts.csv insert readbinary mycontacts.csv EFBBBF codepre  pWhat should I dop
Negative 10594 pMy problem is a simple one however the solution eludes me I want the Bitmaps to rescale in respect to the screen size. p  pPicture of the problemp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comuq0qW.jpg altenter image description herep  pBeneath is the code, I am not sure how much to include as I really cannot figure out why this is happening.p  precodepublic TitleViewContext context      supercontext      myContext  context     titleGraphicFixed  BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetResources,             R.drawable.titlebackground     playButtonUpFixed  BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetResources,             R.drawable.buttonplayup     playButtonDownFixed  BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetResources,             R.drawable.buttonplaydown   Override public void onSizeChangedint w, int h, int oldw, int oldh      super.onSizeChangedw, h, oldw, oldh     screenW  w     screenH  h      drawScaleW  float screenW  800     drawScaleH  float screenH  600      Log.dTAG, Screen Width   drawScaleW     Log.dTAG, Screen Height   drawScaleH      titleGraphic  Bitmap.createScaledBitmaptitleGraphicFixed, screenW,             screenH, true     playButtonUp  Bitmap.createScaledBitmapplayButtonUpFixed,             int playButtonUpFixed.getWidth  drawScaleW,             int playButtonUpFixed.getHeight  drawScaleH, true     playButtonDown  Bitmap.createScaledBitmapplayButtonDownFixed,             int playButtonDownFixed.getWidth  drawScaleW,             int playButtonDownFixed.getHeight  drawScaleH, true codepre  pEdit p  pI am building on an example found in the book Android Game Programming For Dummies as this is the first AppGame I have coded for android. For his game titlemenu pages the author does not use XML layouts.p  pThis is a link to the code I use currentlyp  pa hrefhttppastie.org8358649 relnofollowMainActivityap  pa hrefhttppastie.org8358654 relnofollowTitleViewap  pstrongSecond Editstrongp  pThe following are the details obtained from logs, the following text is laid out so that on the left is the smaller of the pictured devices above and on the right is the bigger.p  pScreen W 320, 800 Screen H 240, 480p  pScale W 0.4, 1.0 Scale H 0.4, 0.8p  pSo far all the maths adds up is correct, however here is were it goes crazyp  pThe Actual Button Size of the button image W220, H67p  pCalculated button size  W 66, 330 H 20, 80p  pClearly this is wrong as, for example of the small screen, H67  0.4 does not equal 20. So I went to see what the width and height of the button once they are imported are and foundp  pW 165, 330 H 50, 101p  pThis means that for the small screen, once the Bitmap is created But NOT rescaled, it is automatically being rescaled by 0.75 of the actual button image size. For the bigger screen it is being resized by 1.5 at the point in which it is being created. I cannot for a love of me work out why thoughp
Negative 10594 pI made an application for android, and it was loading fine in the emulator and phone, and then I made some minor changes like shifting the position of text View elements in the layout with help of Graphical Layout editing option in Eclipse. and after that the application no longer starts, it just loads with a blank activity and in 23 seconds crashes.  The layout that I am using looks like this currently and this is the crashing state of layout p  precode    ltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid         xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightmatchparent         androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin         androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin         androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin         androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin         toolscontext.BMI gt          ltTextView         androidididtextView3         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignBottomideditText1         androidlayoutalignLeftidtextView2         androidtextstringweight         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceMedium gt          ltButton         androidididbutton1         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignLeftidtextView3         androidlayoutbelowidtextView3         androidlayoutmarginLeft15dp         androidlayoutmarginTop30dp         androidtextstringbutton1text gt          ltEditText         androididideditText2         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignBottomidtextView2         androidlayouttoRightOfidtextView3         androidems4         androidinputTypenumberDecimal gt          ltEditText         androididideditText1         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignLeftideditText2         androidlayoutbelowideditText2         androidems4         androidinputTypenumberDecimal gt              ltrequestFocus gt         ltEditTextgt          ltTextView         androidididtextView4         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignLeftidtextView2         androidlayoutalignParentToptrue         androidtextstringbmi         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceMedium gt          ltTextView         androidididtextView1         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignLeftideditText2         androidlayoutalignParentToptrue         androidtextstringdefaulttext         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceMedium gt          ltTextView         androidididtextView2         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutbelowidtextView4         androidlayoutmarginLeft17dp         androidtextstringheight         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceMedium gt          ltButton         androidididbutton2         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignBaselineidbutton1         androidlayoutalignBottomidbutton1         androidlayouttoRightOfideditText1         androidtextstringbutton2text gt      ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre
Negative 10594 precodeHow to get the selected image album name using UIimagepickercontroller codepre  pLets take an example for my requirement. p  pI have 3 albums in my phone Saved Photos, Album 1, Album 2. Using UIimagepickercontroller I am selecting one image. How to know the selected image album name. p  pUsing [info objectForKeyUIImagePickerControllerReferenceURL] I am able to get the selected image reference. But album name I am not able to get.p  pPlease guide me how to proceed.p
Negative 10594 pIm using Google Maps Api for .NET and it gives me a DbGeometry but I need to store the location as a DbGeography in the database. How do I go from a DbGeometry to a DbGeographyp
Negative 10594 pIm on rails 4. I have three models, Blends, Addons and AddonPairings. Users create Blends andp  precodeBlend   havemany addonpairings   havemany addons, through addonpairings  Addon   havemany addonpairings   havemany blends, through addonpairings  AddonPairing   belongto blend   belongto addon codepre  pMy addons are all premade in the db for users to choose as many as they want to attach to a blend.p  pIn my codenew.html.erbcode for my blendsp  precodelt formfor [currentuser, blend] do f gt      ltdiv classformgroupgt         lt f.label addons,  Add some addons to your blend gt         lt f.collectioncheckboxes addonids, Addon.all, id, name gt     ltdivgt      ltdiv classformgroupgt         lt f.submit class btn btnlg btnprimary gt     ltdivgt lt end gt codepre  pMy Blend Controllerp  precodedef create     user  User.findparams[userid]     blend  user.blends.buildblendparams     if blend.save         redirectto user, notice Your blend has been created.     else         flash.now[notice]  Something went wrong. Please check the errors below.         render new     end   end private  def blendparams         params.requireblend.permitname, addonids     end codepre  pHow do I make my controller create the records in my codeaddonpairingscode table that connect the blend to the addons chosen Thanks.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to generate the following code with HAML within a code.eachcode loop. Depending on the truefalse condition within the loop, it should either create a new codediv1code with a codediv2code or append codediv2code within the previous codediv1code. This is a simplification of the logicp  precodeDesired output  if true, append div2 within div1,       ltdiv classdiv1gt    added by true condition       div1 text       ltdiv classdiv2gt  added by true condition         div2 text       ltdivgt       ltdiv classdiv2gt  added by false condition         div2 text       ltdivgt       ltdiv classdiv2gt  added by false condition         div2 text       ltdivgt     ltdivgt  else, create a new div1 and add div2 within it      ltdiv classdiv1gt    added by true condition       div1 text       ltdiv classdiv2gt  added by true condition         div2 text       ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classdiv1gt    new div1, added by true condition       div1 text       ltdiv classdiv2gt  added by true condition         div2 text       ltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre  pEffectively, Im trying to do thisp  precode  within a loop logic      if condition  true       .div1         div1 text      in all conditions         .div2           div2 text codepre  pThis is my HAML logic, I was using codetabupcode but I dont think thats the correct HAML methodp  precode  within a loop logic      if condition  true       .div1         div1 text      tabup2  trying to indent the HAML, not just the HTML output     .div2        div2 text codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a wordpress site and working on the responsiveness of the site currently. The site when viewed in landscape mode looks fine. But when its orientation is change to portrait mode vertical the different widgets on the site break or get cut off to extreme right.p  pHowever after a page refresh in portrait vertical mode all widgets show up fine and the site in general renders correctly. Seems like the CSSJS is not loading up or unable to detect the orientation change until a refresh is done.p  pCant expect the users to reload to get the proper view in portrait mode. Is there a way to reload all CSSJS or just do an automatic page refresh on orientation change p  pCame across a thread where some one suggested the following to add to codeltheadgtcode tag p  precode ltmeta name  viewport content  initialscale  1.0, maximumscale  1.0, userscalable  no, width  devicewidthgt codepre  pIm a novice to Wordpress so dont know where and how to add this so that all pages take up this effect. Also not sure if the above would work or is there some thing else I could try. p  pAny suggestions are welcomed as I have no idea how to sort this problem out.p  pMany thanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pIm using paperclip gem to process some images and store them to Amazon S3. Each image represents persons name. I want to add support for names with unicode characters as well, but I cant make it work because of paperclip fails to upload a file with unicode characters in its name. I cant just change  to N before uploading, because then Ill overwrite an image that was uploaded with letter N. Eg. Two users NUO and NUNO. I cant just tell paperclip to upload NUO.jpg as NUNO.jpg because that will overwrite previous NUNO.jpg.p  pHeres my pretty much standard productionstaging environment configurationp  precodeconfig.paperclipdefaults     storage gt s3,   url gt s3domainurl,   path gt assetsclassidstyle.extension,   s3credentials gt      bucket gt ENV[AWSBUCKET],     accesskeyid gt ENV[AWSACCESSKEYID],     secretaccesskey gt ENV[AWSSECRETACCESSKEYID]     codepre  pAnd heres related class with image attachmentp  precodeclass NameSpread lt ActiveRecordBase ...   hasattachedfile renderedimage,     defaulturl lambda  attach attach.instance.processingimage ,     path lambda  attach attach.instance.savepath ,     styles  .. ,     processors [ namespreadprocessor ],     defaultstyle spread ... end codepre  pHeres savepath methodp  precodedef savepath   if Rails.env.production  Rails.env.staging     assetsclassgendernamestyle.jpg   else     Rails.rootpublicassetsclassgendernamestyle.jpg   end end codepre  pThis is the part that gets messed up codenamecodep  pAny ideasp
Negative 10594 pI broke my application trying to update to rails 4 and now do not know what to do, can someone please help  thank you What can I do to just get all my gems back to the versions they should be p  pmy errorp  precodeCsitescodeOM Railsomrailsgtbundle update rails   Fetching gem metadata from httpsrubygems.org........   Fetching gem metadata from httpsrubygems.org..   Resolving dependencies...   Bundler could not find compatible versions for gem activemodel     In Gemfile       simpleform gt 0 x86mingw32 depends on           activemodel gt 3.0 x86mingw32        rails  4.0.0.rc1 x86mingw32 depends on           activemodel 4.0.0.rc1 codepre  pgemfilep  precodesource httpsrubygems.org  gem activerecord gem rails , 4.0.0.rc1 gem jqueryrails gem devise  gem simpleform gem paperclip gem awssdk gem willpaginate  gem bootstrapwillpaginate gem thumbsup gem activeadmin gem metasearch     gem actsastaggableon gem postmarkrails gem railties  group production do   gem pg end  group development, test do   gem sqlite3 end  group assets do   gem sassrails, 4.0.0.rc1   gem coffeerails, 4.0.0   gem bootstrapsass, gt 2.3.2.1   gem uglifier, gt 1.0.3 end  gem mocha, group gt test codepre
Negative 10594 pI would like to make program so that, when client disconnected, the server will back ready to accept a new request from client. Here is the codep  precodeinclude ltsyssocket.hgt include ltnetinetin.hgt include ltarpainet.hgt include lttime.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltunistd.hgt  define MAXLINE 100 define LISTENQ 10  int main      int tmp, listenfd, connfd     int sinsize     struct sockaddrin servaddr, cliaddr     char  buff[MAXLINE]     timet ticks     whiletrue              bzeroampservaddr, sizeofservaddr         servaddr.sinfamily       AFINET         servaddr.sinaddr.saddr  INADDRANY         servaddr.sinport         htons13         memsetampservaddr.sinzero,0,8         listenfd  socketAFINET, SOCKSTREAM, 0         iflistenfd  1            perrorerror socket            exit1                     tmpbindlistenfd, struct sockaddr ampservaddr, sizeofstruct sockaddr         iftmp  1             perrorerror bind..             exit1                   tmplistenlistenfd, LISTENQ         iftmp  1             perrorerror listen              exit1                   sinsize  sizeofstruct sockaddrin             connfdacceptlistenfd,struct sockaddr ampcliaddr, ampsinsize         ifconnfd  1             perrorerror accept              exit1                   ticks  timeNULL         snprintfbuff,sizeofbuff,Now Time .24srn, ctimeampticks         writeconnfd, buff, strlenbuff         closeconnfd         closelistenfd       codepre  pI found a problem on this part p  precodetmpbindlistenfd, struct sockaddr ampservaddr, sizeofstruct sockaddr codepre  perror invalid conversion from int to socklent aka unsigned int [fpermissive]p  precodeconnfdacceptlistenfd,struct sockaddr ampcliaddr, ampsinsize codepre  perror initializing argument 3 of int acceptint, sockaddr, socklent [fpermissive]p  pWhat should I do with those problem Didnt the pointer rightp
Negative 10594 pI would like to know how to slice my Python string every nth characterletter in my case the 5th characterletter. p  pSo I have this string codeilikestackoverflowcode and I would like for the output to be codeilike stack overf lowcode.p
Negative 10594 pI have all jars everything in place, when i deploy my application.war file on weblogic server, it always tries to use its own jars for SOAPBodyElement and hence I am getting the exception like p  blockquote   pjava.lang.ClassCastException org.apache.axis.message.SOAPBodyElement cannot be cast to weblogic.xml.xmlnode.XMLNode ..p blockquote  pMy code looks like p  precodeMessageFactory mf  MessageFactory.newInstance  SOAPMessage request  mf.createMessage SOAPPart part  request.getSOAPPart SOAPEnvelope env  part.getEnvelope SOAPBody body  env.getBody SOAPBodyElement soapBodyElement  new SOAPBodyElementdocument body.addChildElementsoapBodyElement  throws exception  this line codepre  pOnly SOAPBodyElement is from org.apache.axis.message package rest all are from javax.xml.soap package. Is there any way i can override the weblogic preference in my code without altering startup script. Or any other workaround to add the childElementp  pKindly help me on this.p
Negative 10594 pI want to make Window with Metro style.p  pbrp  pI found the 3 following librariesp  pa hrefhttpelysium.asvishnyakov.comen relnofollowhttpelysium.asvishnyakov.comenap  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comMahAppsMahApps.Metro relnofollowhttpsgithub.comMahAppsMahApps.Metroap  pa hrefhttpmui.codeplex.com relnofollowhttpmui.codeplex.comap  pAll are for Net Framework 4.br Is there anything for 3.5p  pI also tried to make it on my own Didnt finish  still need to design it and add Resize [which I dont know how] but I dont really like how its made...p  precodeltWindow         xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation         xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml         xmlnsxctkhttpschemas.xceed.comwpfxamltoolkit xClassWindowsHider.MainWindow         TitleWindows Hider Height350 Width525 WindowStartupLocationCenterScreen          AllowsTransparencyTrue     ResizeModeCanResize WindowStyleNone BorderBrushBlack BorderThickness1 Iconwindowshider.icogt     ltGridgt         ltGridgt             ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt                 ltRowDefinition HeightAutogt                 ltRowDefinition Heightgt             ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt             ltStackPanel OrientationHorizontal HorizontalAlignmentLeft VerticalAlignmentTopgt                 ltImage Width24 Height24 SourceBinding Icon, RelativeSourceRelativeSource FindAncestor, AncestorTypexType Windowgt                 ltLabel VerticalAlignmentCenter FontSize14 ContentBinding Title, RelativeSourceRelativeSource FindAncestor, AncestorTypexType Windowgt             ltStackPanelgt             ltGrid MouseDownGridMouseDown BackgroundTransparentgt             ltStackPanel OrientationHorizontal HorizontalAlignmentRight VerticalAlignmentTop Grid.Row0gt                 ltButton ToolTipminimize BackgroundWhitegt                     ltGrid Width30 Height25gt                         ltTextBlock Text0 FontFamilyMarlett FontSize14 VerticalAlignmentCenter HorizontalAlignmentCenter Padding3.5,0,0,3 gt                     ltGridgt                 ltButtongt                 ltGrid Margin1,0,1,0gt                     ltButton xNameRestore  ToolTiprestore VisibilityCollapsedgt                         ltGrid Width30 Height25 UseLayoutRoundingTruegt                             ltTextBlock Text2 FontFamilyMarlett FontSize14 VerticalAlignmentCenter HorizontalAlignmentCenter Padding2,0,0,1 gt                         ltGridgt                     ltButtongt                     ltButton xNameMaximize ToolTipmaximizegt                         ltGrid Width31 Height25gt                             ltTextBlock Text1 FontFamilyMarlett FontSize14 VerticalAlignmentCenter HorizontalAlignmentCenter Padding2,0,0,1 gt                         ltGridgt                     ltButtongt                 ltGridgt                 ltButton  xNameClose ToolTipclosegt                     ltGrid Width30 Height25gt                         ltTextBlock Textr FontFamilyMarlett FontSize14 VerticalAlignmentCenter HorizontalAlignmentCenter Padding0,0,0,1 gt                     ltGridgt                 ltButtongt             ltStackPanelgt         ltGridgt     ltGridgt ltWindowgt codepre
Negative 10594 pIve merged a branch to master, than reverted merge commit. Now I want to merge the branch again, but merge says that everything is up to date. I understand why  the branch is already in masters history. p  pIs there any way to force merge in that case or I should just revert the revert of the mergep
Negative 10594 pI want a Google Script that automatically exports the Spreadsheet to a .XLSX whenever there is an edit made, overwriting any previous versions.  Using a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12712137googleappsscripttoemailgooglespreadsheetexcelversion1286794212867942this answera as a template, I created the following codep  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodefunction onEdit    var s  SpreadsheetApp.getActiveSheet   var r  s.getActiveCell   if r.getColumn  1   checks the column     var row  r.getRow     var time  new Date     time  Utilities.formatDatetime, GMT0800 , MMddyy, hhmmss     SpreadsheetApp.getActiveSheet.getRangeA  row.toString.setValuetime       var id  MYSPREADSHEETKEY     var url  httpsdocs.google.comfeeds     var doc  UrlFetchApp.fetchurldownloadspreadsheetsExportkeyidampexportFormatxls,                                 googleOAuthdocs,url.getBlob     DocsList.createFiledoc.renamenewfile.xls       function googleOAuthname,scope    var oAuthConfig  UrlFetchApp.addOAuthServicename   oAuthConfig.setRequestTokenUrlhttpswww.google.comaccountsOAuthGetRequestTokenscopescope   oAuthConfig.setAuthorizationUrlhttpswww.google.comaccountsOAuthAuthorizeToken   oAuthConfig.setAccessTokenUrlhttpswww.google.comaccountsOAuthGetAccessToken   oAuthConfig.setConsumerKeyanonymous   oAuthConfig.setConsumerSecretanonymous   return oAuthServiceNamename, oAuthUseTokenalways  codepre  pHowever, it doesnt seem to be exporting.  OR, if it is exporting, Im not sure where this is happening.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 10594 pI use the codeRewriteEnginecode with the following codehtaccesscode rules to strongremove accented and capitalized lettersstrong from urlsp  precodeRewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .A. RewriteRule . 1a3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .B. RewriteRule . 1b3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .C. RewriteRule . 1c3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .D. RewriteRule . 1d3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .E. RewriteRule . 1e3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .F. RewriteRule . 1f3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .G. RewriteRule . 1g3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .H. RewriteRule . 1h3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .I. RewriteRule . 1i3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .J. RewriteRule . 1j3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .K. RewriteRule . 1k3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .L. RewriteRule . 1l3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .M. RewriteRule . 1m3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .N. RewriteRule . 1n3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .O. RewriteRule . 1o3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .P. RewriteRule . 1p3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .Q. RewriteRule . 1q3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .R. RewriteRule . 1r3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .S. RewriteRule . 1s3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .T. RewriteRule . 1t3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .U. RewriteRule . 1u3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .V. RewriteRule . 1v3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .W. RewriteRule . 1w3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .X. RewriteRule . 1x3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .Y. RewriteRule . 1y3 [R301,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteCond REQUESTURI .Z. RewriteRule . 1z3 [R301,L] codepre  pHow can I improve or make this code shorter whitout using codeRewriteMapcode or codemodspelingcode  as suggested in this reference a hrefhttpwww.askapache.comhtaccessrewriteuppercaselowercase.html relnofollowhttpwww.askapache.comhtaccessrewriteuppercaselowercase.htmlap  pstrongUPDATE ANSWERstrong According to Samurai8s answer I have set an environment variable in order to prepare all changes first and redirect at the end. Here is the codehtaccesscode save as codeUTF8codep  precodeRewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .A. 1a3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .B. 1b3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .C. 1c3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .C. 1c3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .D. 1d3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .E. 1e3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .F. 1f3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .G. 1g3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .H. 1h3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .I. 1i3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .J. 1j3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .K. 1k3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .L. 1l3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .M. 1m3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .N. 1n3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .O. 1o3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .P. 1p3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .Q. 1q3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .R. 1r3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .S. 1s3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .T. 1t3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .U. 1u3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .V. 1v3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .W. 1w3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .X. 1x3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .Y. 1y3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond REQUESTMETHOD  POST RewriteRule .Z. 1z3 [ERedirect1,N,R301] RewriteCond ENVRedirect 1 RewriteRule   [R,L,ERedirect] codepre  pstrongHELPFUL REFERENCESstrongp  ul lipa hrefhttpwww.askapache.comhtaccessrewriteuppercaselowercase.html relnofollowhttpwww.askapache.comhtaccessrewriteuppercaselowercase.htmlapli lipa hrefhttpsuperuser.comquestions28779howdoifindtheencodingofthecurrentbufferinvimhttpsuperuser.comquestions28779howdoifindtheencodingofthecurrentbufferinvimapli lipa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions14780875frenchcharacterswithrewriteruleFrench characters with rewrite ruleapli ul
Negative 10594 pI am trying to learn ruby.  At this moment I have a list of lists, and I would like to the equivalent of the following python codep  precodeimport itertools l  [[1,2], [3], [10, 20, 4, 5]] listitertools.iziplongestl, fillvalueNaN codepre  pThe result isp  precode[1, 3, 10, 2, NaN, 20, NaN, NaN, 4, NaN, NaN, 5] codepre  pThe number of lists in the list codelcode can be different. Is there a easy way of accomplishing the same in rubyp
Negative 10594 pIm migrating a website to a different root domain and Im trying to redirect all old urls to the new ones. Most urls are redirected correctly but a couple get scrambled up. For instance codepythonforspss.orgsolutionscode redirects to codehttpwww.spsstutorials.compythonsolutionscode rather than codehttpwww.spsstutorials.compythoncode.p  pSince the target urls seem pretty clear to me, I just dont get whats going wrong. It may have to do with the codeRewritecode rules but I dont see how to fix it.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI tried a lot of modifications but the symptoms are still the exact same. The entire code.htaccesscode I apologize for the length of it at this point isp  precode BEGIN WordPress ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt RewriteCond HTTPHOST pythonforspss.org [NC] RewriteRule getstarted httpwww.spsstutorials.compython [L,R301] RewriteCond HTTPHOST pythonforspss.org [NC] RewriteRule solutions httpwww.spsstutorials.compython [L,R301] RewriteCond HTTPHOST pythonforspss.org [NC] RewriteRule spsstips httpwww.spsstutorials.combasics [L,R301] RewriteCond HTTPHOST pythonforspss.org [NC] RewriteRule glossary httpwww.spsstutorials.comglossary [L,R301] RewriteCond HTTPHOST pythonforspss.org [NC] RewriteCond THEREQUEST  .index.php RewriteRule index.php httpwww.spsstutorials.compython [L,R301] RewriteRule . index.php [L] RewriteEngine On RewriteBase  RewriteRule index.php  [L] RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d ltIfModulegt  First redirect single pages Redirect 301 howtowriteveryshortsyntax httpwww.spsstutorials.comwriteshortersyntax Redirect 301 howtosuffixallvariablenames httpwww.spsstutorials.comsuffixallvariablenames Redirect 301 fiveessentialdatachecks httpwww.spsstutorials.comfiveessentialdatachecks Redirect 301 thetwentybestkeyboardshortcutsforspss httpwww.spsstutorials.comthetwentybestkeyboardshortcutsforspss Redirect 301 assembleyourowntoolbar httpwww.spsstutorials.comassembleyourowntoolbar Redirect 301 disclaimer httpwww.spsstutorials.comdisclaimer Redirect 301 selectvariablesbyvariablelabels httpwww.spsstutorials.comselectvariablesbyvariablelabels Redirect 301 fivereasonsfornotrelyingonthejournalfile httpwww.spsstutorials.comfivereasonsfornotrelyingonthejournalfile Redirect 301 introducingpython4installingandtesting httpwww.spsstutorials.comintroducingpython4installingandtesting Redirect 301 createyourowntoolbartools httpwww.spsstutorials.comcreateyourowntoolbartools Redirect 301 concatenate httpwww.spsstutorials.comconcatenate Redirect 301 indentation httpwww.spsstutorials.comindentation Redirect 301 leave httpwww.spsstutorials.comleave Redirect 301 convertanumberasadateintoadatevariable httpwww.spsstutorials.comconvertanumberasadateintoanspssdate Redirect 301 introducingpython2howitbasicallyworks httpwww.spsstutorials.comintroducingpython2howitbasicallyworks Redirect 301 setdecimalsforoutput httpwww.spsstutorials.comsetdecimalsforoutput Redirect 301 computeage httpwww.spsstutorials.comcomputeage Redirect 301 datevariable httpwww.spsstutorials.comdatevariable Redirect 301 modulus httpwww.spsstutorials.commodulus Redirect 301 howtoconvertaunixdatetoanspssdate httpwww.spsstutorials.comconvertunixdatesintospssdates Redirect 301 timevariable httpwww.spsstutorials.comtimevariable Redirect 301 howtoconvertdatesfromgoogleanalytics httpwww.spsstutorials.comconvertgoogleanalyticsdatesintospssdates Redirect 301 howtoextractayearfromadate httpwww.spsstutorials.comextractayearfromadate Redirect 301 usethecommandsyntaxreference httpwww.spsstutorials.comcommandsyntaxreference Redirect 301 changeyourworkingdirectory httpwww.spsstutorials.comchangeyourworkingdirectory Redirect 301 selectvariableshavingpatterninnames httpwww.spsstutorials.comselectvariableshavingpatterninnames Redirect 301 splitstringvariableintocomponents httpwww.spsstutorials.comsplitstringvariableintocomponents Redirect 301 findwithinsubjectsfavoriteoverseveralvariables httpwww.spsstutorials.comfindwithinsubjectsfavoriteoverseveralvariables Redirect 301 prefixmanyvaluelabels httpwww.spsstutorials.comprefixmanyvaluelabels Redirect 301 stripprefixfromvaluelabels httpwww.spsstutorials.comstripprefixfromvaluelabels Redirect 301 renameorprefixmanyfiles httpwww.spsstutorials.comrenameorprefixmanyfiles Redirect 301 moveallfilesfromsubfolderstomainfolder httpwww.spsstutorials.commoveallfilesfromsubfolderstomainfolder Redirect 301 copyallfilesfromsubfolderstomainfolder httpwww.spsstutorials.comcopyallfilesfromsubfolderstomainfolder Redirect 301 findwhichsyntaxfilescontainsomeexpression httpwww.spsstutorials.comfindwhichsyntaxfilescontainsomeexpression Redirect 301 addfilenamestofilesbeforemerging httpwww.spsstutorials.comaddfilenamestofilesbeforemerging Redirect 301 adjuststringlengthsbeforemergingfiles httpwww.spsstutorials.comadjuststringlengthsbeforemergingfiles Redirect 301 mergemanydatafiles httpwww.spsstutorials.commergemanydatafiles Redirect 301 regressionovermanydependentvariables httpwww.spsstutorials.comregressionovermanydependentvariables Redirect 301 createdummyvariables httpwww.spsstutorials.comcreatedummyvariables Redirect 301 meancentermanyvariables httpwww.spsstutorials.commeancentermanyvariables Redirect 301 exportoutputtodifferentfolders httpwww.spsstutorials.comexportoutputtodifferentfolders Redirect 301 insertvaluesfromoutputtablesintotext httpwww.spsstutorials.cominsertvaluesfromoutputtablesintotext Redirect 301 loop httpwww.spsstutorials.comloop   Redirect 301 macro httpwww.spsstutorials.commacro Redirect 301 module httpwww.spsstutorials.commodule Redirect 301 path httpwww.spsstutorials.compath Redirect 301 transformationcommand httpwww.spsstutorials.comtransformationcommand Redirect 301 procedure httpwww.spsstutorials.comprocedure Redirect 301 substring httpwww.spsstutorials.comsubstring Redirect 301 string httpwww.spsstutorials.comstring Redirect 301 stripprefixfromvariablelabels httpwww.spsstutorials.comstripprefixfromvariablelabels Redirect 301 managingvariableproperties1introduction httpwww.spsstutorials.comchangingvariableproperties1introduction Redirect 301 managingvariableproperties2names httpwww.spsstutorials.comchangingvariableproperties2names Redirect 301 managingvariableproperties3type httpwww.spsstutorials.comchangingvariableproperties3type Redirect 301 managingvariableproperties4widthanddecimals httpwww.spsstutorials.comchangingvariableproperties4widthanddecimals Redirect 301 managingvariableproperties5variableandvaluelabels httpwww.spsstutorials.comchangingvariableproperties5variableandvaluelabels Redirect 301 managingvariableproperties6missingvaluesandmore httpwww.spsstutorials.comchangingvariableproperties6missingvaluesandmore Redirect 301 escapesequence httpwww.spsstutorials.comescapesequence Redirect 301 cautionarynoteonsums httpwww.spsstutorials.comspsssumcautionarynote Redirect 301 cautionarynoteontheaddfilescommand httpwww.spsstutorials.comspssaddfilescautionarynote Redirect 301 howtosortvalueswithincases httpwww.spsstutorials.comsortvalueswithincases Redirect 301 extensioncommand httpwww.spsstutorials.comextensioncommand Redirect 301 readandmergemultiplesheetexcelworkbooks httpwww.spsstutorials.comreadandmergemultiplesheetexcelworkbooks Redirect 301 xlrd httpwww.spsstutorials.comxlrd Redirect 301 comparedictionariesoverfilesbeforemerging httpwww.spsstutorials.comcomparedictionariesoverfilesbeforemerging Redirect 301 howtodisaggregateweighteddata httpwww.spsstutorials.comdisaggregatedata Redirect 301 any httpwww.spsstutorials.comany Redirect 301 missingvalues httpwww.spsstutorials.commissingvalues Redirect 301 assumptionofequalintervals httpwww.spsstutorials.comassumptionofequalintervals Redirect 301 variabletype httpwww.spsstutorials.comvariabletype Redirect 301 computeaisbisc httpwww.spsstutorials.comcomputeaisbisc Redirect 301 reversecodevariableswithvaluelabels httpwww.spsstutorials.comreversecodevariableswithvaluelabels Redirect 301 spssrecodecommandcautionarynote httpwww.spsstutorials.comspssrecodecommandcautionarynote Redirect 301 aggregate httpwww.spsstutorials.comaggregate Redirect 301 veryfirststeps httpwww.spsstutorials.comspssveryfirststeps Redirect 301 namesandlabelsinoutput httpwww.spsstutorials.comnamesandlabelsinoutput Redirect 301 hireus httpwww.spsstutorials.comhireus Redirect 301 home httpwww.spsstutorials.comhome Redirect 301 introducingpython1whatandwhy httpwww.spsstutorials.comintroducingpython1whatandwhy Redirect 301 introducingpython5fiveessentialbasics httpwww.spsstutorials.comintroducingpython5fiveessentialbasics Redirect 301 introducingpython6fourtips httpwww.spsstutorials.comintroducingpython6fourtips Redirect 301 introducingpython3howtouseit httpwww.spsstutorials.comintroducingpython3howtouseit Redirect 301 thesixgreatestbenefitsofusingspsssyntax httpwww.spsstutorials.comthesixgreatestbenefitsofusingspsssyntax  Ancient static html Redirect 301 gettingstarted.html httpwww.spsstutorials.compython Redirect 301 solutions.html httpwww.spsstutorials.compython codepre
Negative 10594 pIn my program I get this error on my emulator. strongIf I run this on my Razr MAXX it worksstrong It says that p  precode1028 193827.935 EAndroidRuntime2268 java.lang.IllegalStateException The specified child already has a parent. You must call removeView on the childs parent first. codepre  pThe error occurs on this line codelayout.addViewmidcodep  pI believe it says that mid already has a parent, so I debugged with codeViewGroup parent  ViewGroup mid.getParentcode and it returns null...p  pCan someone please lead me in the right directionp  pBelow is my classp  precodepackage com.example.draganddroptest  import android.content.Context import android.content.res.TypedArray import android.graphics.Canvas import android.graphics.Paint import android.graphics.PointF import android.util.AttributeSet import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup     author Brandon Ling      public class HoneycombView extends View      private Context context     private ViewGroup layout     private HexagonView top     private HexagonView topRight     private HexagonView topLeft     private HexagonView bot     private HexagonView botLeft     private HexagonView botRight     private HexagonView mid     private int radius     private PointF shift     private String color     private String[] colors     private int strokeWidth      Paint paint  new Paint             param context       param layout           public HoneycombViewContext context, AttributeSet attrs          thiscontext, null, 0, null, null, attrs, 0           public HoneycombViewContext context, ViewGroup layout, int radius, PointF shift, String color, AttributeSet attrs, int strokeWidth          supercontext         this.context  context          if attrs  null   probably sent via xml             TypedArray a  context.obtainStyledAttributesattrs, R.styleable.HoneycombView             this.radius  a.getIntR.styleable.HoneycombViewradius, this.strokeWidth             this.shift  new PointFa.getIntR.styleable.HoneycombViewshiftX, 0, a.getInt                     R.styleable.HoneycombViewshiftY, 0             this.colors  a.getStringR.styleable.HoneycombViewhexColors.split             a.recycle          else              this.layout  layout             this.radius  radius             this.shift  shift             this.color  color                  this.mid  new HexagonViewthis.context, null, this.radius, this.shift, this.colors[0], 10         this.top  mid.addHexTopcolors[1]         this.topRight  mid.addHexTopRightcolors[2]         this.topLeft  mid.addHexTopLeftcolors[3]         this.bot  mid.addHexBotcolors[4]         this.botRight  mid.addHexBotRightcolors[5]         this.botLeft  mid.addHexBotLeftcolors[6]           Override     protected void onDrawCanvas canvas          super.onDrawcanvas         this.layout  ViewGroup this.getParent         ViewGroup parent  ViewGroup mid.getParent         parent.removeAllViews         layout.addViewmid         layout.addViewtop         layout.addViewtopRight         layout.addViewtopLeft         layout.addViewbot         layout.addViewbotRight         layout.addViewbotLeft             Override     protected void onMeasureint widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec          int height  int Math.ceilthis.bot.getMaxY  this.strokeWidth         int width  int Math.ceilthis.botRight.getMaxX  this.strokeWidth         setMeasuredDimensionwidth, height       codepre
Negative 10594 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZHtzU.png altenter image description here img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comktaWr.png altenter image description herep  pI have a question that I have been stuck on for several hours now.  I have played around with numerous types of for and while loops.  I put them in different locations with different variables and ran different things, nothing worked..p  pstrongMy questionstrongp  pWhy is my program giving all users below the first one the same level  You can clearly see in the picture that Nicolas has much more XP.  5,000 xp is level 20, and if Nic5 was first in the database then it would change the Skill Level to 20.p  pI know that the returned variable codelvlcode isnt changing for each player that loads and this is why each player is getting the first players level.  p  pCan anybody help me with this pleasep  pstrongNotesstrong emcode0code  a column that holds experience for a players skill level.em  p  pstrongclass calculatelevelstrongp  precodeclass calculatelevel   function levelskillnum   host   user   pass   db    con  new mysqlihost, user, pass, db or diecongterror res  congtquerySELECT 0 FROM hiscores  max  99  whilerow  resgtfetchassoc      xp  row[0]       Find the appropriate level     for lvl  1 lvl lt max lvl this for loop runs 99 times              if xp lt thisgtexperiencelvlif players xp in skill is less than experiencelevel 199                       Level found             lvl  1             break                        return lvl   public function experiencelvl      xp  0     forx  1 x lt lvl x              xp  floorx  300  pow2, x  7          return floorxp  4   codepre  pstrongMethod that writes database information to page.strongp  precodeifresgtnumrows gt 0    echo lttablegt      lttrgt         lttdgtRanklttdgt         lttdgtUsernamelttdgt         lttdgtSkill Levellttdgt         lttdgtTotal Explttdgt         lttrgt  whilerow  resgtfetchassoc    echo ran     calc  new calculatelevel      level  calcgtlevel0       echo lttrgt         lttdgt.count1.lttdgt         lttdgt. htmlspecialcharsrow[username] .lttdgt         lttdgt.numberformatlevel.lttdgt         lttdgt.numberformatrow[0].lttdgt         lttrgt      count   codepre
Negative 10594 pI need help in removing parent nodes from below given XML using XSLT.. p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltReport xmlnsOpenProblems2 xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocationOpenProblems2 NameOpenProblems2gt    ltHellogt       ltNewDataSetgt          ltTablegt             ltagt1832874ltagt             ltbgtHUME9063ltbgt             ltcgtnot informedltcgt          ltTablegt          ltTablegt             ltagt1832874ltagt             ltbgtHUME9063ltbgt             ltcgtnot informedltcgt          ltTablegt       ltNewDataSetgt    ltHellogt ltReportgt codepre  pOutput should look like p  precodeltNewDataSetgt ltTablegt   ltagt1832874ltagt    ltbgtHUME9063ltbgt    ltcgtnot informedltcgt ltTablegt ltTablegt   ltagt1832874ltagt    ltbgtHUME9063ltbgt    ltcgtnot informedltcgt ltTablegt ltNewDataSetgt codepre  pXSLT should remove Report,Hello amp NewDataset elements. please... your help will be highly appreciated.  p
Negative 10594 pHere is my codep  precode public static Picture modifyPicture Picture p, int value      get width and height of the picture   int width  p.getWidth   int height  p.getHeight   System.out.println Picture has width of   width                          and height of   height    Picture p2  new Picture width, heightvalue    int x  1   int y  1    for   x  0  x lt width   x         for  y  0  y lt height  y            Pixel pixel1  p.getPixel x,y      Color c1  pixel1.getColor       Pixel pixel4  p2.getPixel x, y      pixel4.setColor c1        Pixel pixel5  p2.getPixel x, y  1  height      pixel5.setColor c1        Pixel pixel6  p2.getPixel x, y  2  height      pixel6.setColor c1         return p2     end of method codepre  pHey guys, this seems like a simple problem but I cannot figure out how I could do this. I want to somehow loop the items inside of the for loop. What the code does is places pictures vertically on top of each other. This code works for 3 pictures value  3, but if I wanted less or more pictures, I have to keep addingremoving a new line i.e. Pixel pixel7 etc.p  pI need a way to loop this according to the number in value. Im not looking for you to write my code for me, just give me some idea how I could do this. Thank you for your time and help p
Negative 10594 pIve spent a bit of time attempting different methods for adding trailing slashes to my URLs, such as this onep  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1668096addtrailingslashtourlsAdd Trailing Slash to URLsap  pOn my production site, this is working fine with this rulep  precodeRewriteEngine ON RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTURI . RewriteRule .[] 12 [R301,L] codepre  pBut its not working on my local development setup. I run the local sites at codelocalhost9090code, so when I go to an URL such as codelocalhost9090usersnewcode I get a 500 Internal Server Error.p  pIve tried a similar rule using codeHTTPPOSTcode and this doesnt work either. I feel like Im missing something and searching the web keeps pointing me to rules Ive already tried.p  pWhat is the best way to have a rule that works for both development and productionp  pstrongNOTEstrongp  pAfter some great advice from anubhava, I reorganized my rules and found some better rules for existing needs. I ended up going with a new PHP extension rule and his recommendation and its working now on both codelocalhostcode and production.p
Negative 10594 pCan someone explain what causes this to happen I am logged into a web server with UserA. UserA has full access to a directory where files are hosted in IIS. When I browse an .asmx file in the directory UserA has full access to using IIS, I get a password prompt. I input my credentials in, and no matter how many times I try, I get a 401.1 access denied. The only type of authentication being used on this site is Windows authentication.p  pI just fail to understand why a user with full access to the files is denied access to them by IIS. Can someone please explain what is happening here p  pThis is IIS 7.5. Windows Server 2008p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to write a basic REST Post client to work with node.js and because of the REST API I have to work with I have to get details from the responses including cookies to maintain the state of my REST session with the server. My Question is what is the best way to pull the json objects from the response when res.on triggers with all the data in the PRINTME variable and return it to the test.js console.log.p  h2test.js fileh2  precodevar rest  require.rest rest.requesthttp,google.com,upload,datan console.logPRINTMEJSON.stringifyres.PRINTME codepre  h2rest.js moduleh2  precodeexports.request  function protocol, host, path, data, cookie var protocalTypes       http          module requirehttp         , port 80          , https          module requirehttps         , port 443        var protocolModule  protocalTypes[protocol].module  var options       host host,     port protocalTypes[protocol].port,     path path,     method POST,     headers          ContentType textxml         , ContentLength Buffer.byteLengthdata         , Cookie cookie        console.logcookies sent options.headers.Cookie  var req  protocolModule.requestoptions, functionres      var PRINTME  res     console.logSTATUS   res.statusCode     console.logHEADERS   JSON.stringifyres.headers     res.setEncodingutf8     res.ondata, function chunk          PRINTME.body  chunk         console.logBODY   chunk          res.onclose, function  res.emitend   req.onerror, functione      console.errorRequest Failure   e.message    req.writedata req.end  codepre
Negative 10594 pEDITED in response to comments and answersp  pI am new to django and web development and I feel like Im missing something basic about how to use django views.p  pI have a django app that I set up following the instructions in the django tutorial a hrefhttpsdocs.djangoproject.comendevintrotutorial01 relnofollowherea. Specifically, I end up with the autogenerated directory and file structure described therep  precodemysite   manage.py   settings.py   urls.py   myapp     models.py     views.py     templates       .html     static       .css codepre  pIn my app I receive some user input from a template form and save it in my model in a function in views.py.p  pBefore doing this I want to run some functions to check the input  depending on what it is I decide whether or not and where to put it in the database and also what content to display to the user next.p  pFor example, one thing I want to do is check whether the words that were input are in the dictionary. I have a word list in a text file and I want to check whether the words from the input are in that list.p  pI want to be able to do something likep  pcodewordlist  setw.strip for w in openfilename.readlinescodep  pWhere should I put this text file and how can I refer to it in order to open it in views.py Where should I put that line of code  is there a way to only make this codesetcode once and then access it whenever any user submits inputp  pNote that I tried just putting the text file in codemyappcode and then doing codeopenfilenamecode but I get an error p  pcodeIOError No such file or directorycode.p  pI also tried to put the file in codestaticcode and then do codeopenSTATICURL  filenamecode but I get an error p  pcodeNameError Name STATICURL is not definedcode. p  pHowever I do have codefrom django.contrib import staticfilescode so it emshouldem be defined.p
Negative 10594 pOk I am doing my best to learn jquery through Test and Practice. I know there are sme perfect libraries out side to Validate Forms but I would like to learn it by myself at least for now I have a Form in a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netProwebxG54A relnofollowthis Linka and I am getting error on validating the Form. As you can see I have two simple inputs Email and Username Now what I am trying to do is checking whole inputs at img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comFloRL.png altenter image description hereFirst Step is to see if there are any empty inputs or not, if so jquery will generate error messahes which is doing nowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comyfdoJ.png altenter image description here Then I would like to add some validators filed by field to check all inputs and here I am getting issues br  First of all the code in fact is not validating the input ,also is adding the Error Message to the other input as well and Finally even after entering correct inputs the form in not submittingp  pHere is the code I havep  precodedocument.readyfunction    var email  form email.val myform.submitfunction          var abort  false         div.err.remove         input[required].eachfunction              if this.val                  this.parent.afterltdiv classerrgtThis is a Requierd Fieldltdivgt                 abort  true                          else                 if email.match[az09.][az09.].[az]2,4i                  this.parent.afterltdiv classerrgtEmail Not Matchltdivgt                 abort  true                                                                                         if abort  return false  else  return true                 codepre
Negative 10594 pThere is white margin between the divs I want to remove it so there is no margin at allp  pHere is the fiddle link  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netsz3MD5 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netsz3MD5ap  precodebody          margin 0        padding 0        background orange        font 10px13px Lucida Sans,sansserif           .wrap         overflow hidden        margin 10px        backgroundcolor fff           .box         float left        position relative        width 14             .boxInner img         width 100     backgroundcolor blue       codepre
Negative 10594 pI get stuck when I initialize v00 and t00. Is the problem in not creating an empty array first Your help is greatly appreciated. p  precodeT 0.001 C 0.004 n0 k0  v0k t0k  while vnlt60          vn1 T.AnC.vn.2vn          tn1 n1T          nn1 end  n60n t60n601T codepre
Negative 10594 pIm currently configuring hadoop on a server running emCentOsem. When I run codestartdfs.shcode or codestopdfs.shcode, I get the following errorp  blockquote   pWARN util.NativeCodeLoader Unable to load nativehadoop library for   your platform... using builtinjava classes where applicablep blockquote  pIm running emHadoop 2.2.0.em p  pDoing a search online brought up this link a hrefhttpbalanceandbreath.blogspot.ca201301utilnativecodeloaderunabletoload.htmlhttpbalanceandbreath.blogspot.ca201301utilnativecodeloaderunabletoload.htmlap  pHowever, the contents of codenativecode directory on hadoop 2.x appear to be different so I am not sure what to do.p  pIve also added these two environment variables in codehadoopenv.shcodep  blockquote   pexport HADOOPOPTSHADOOPOPTS   Djava.library.pathusrlocalhadooplibp      pexport HADOOPCOMMONLIBNATIVEDIRusrlocalhadooplibnativep blockquote  pemAny ideasemp
Negative 10594 pWhile i am using php code to get all the records from the mysql table having nearly 10,000 records,it is executing slowly.p  pCan any one tell me how to get the records with the minimum execution timep
Negative 10594 pI am using RyTracka hrefhttpsun.iwu.edugspaldinrytrack.html relnofollowhttpsun.iwu.edugspaldinrytrack.htmla to do particle trakcing, and when I follow the instruction, as belowp  precodeINPUTS Once the GUI has been called ... 1 Image directory The path to the image sequence files of interest.    Windows example  Cmyfolder.tif    UNIX example     myfolder.tif    Note The program can accept tif, jpg, or bmp formats, among others.     start begins a framebyframe display. The original image is shown in the     top displayand the filtered image in the bottom display.      Once started, the image processing    can be changed on the fly, and the results of these changes will become     evident in the bottom image. codepre  pafter i clicked start, nothing happens and IDL saidp  precode IDLgt rytrack  Widgets are initialized  XMANAGER Caught unexpected error from client application. Message follows...  Attempt to call undefined procedurefunction RYTRACKEVENT.  Execution halted at XMANAGEREVLOOPSTANDARD  478 HRSIIDL55libxmanager.pro                   XMANAGER          708 HRSIIDL55libxmanager.pro                   RYTRACK           856 EDropboxResearchResourcesrytrack.pro codepre  pMay I ask how could I fix this and let it workp  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pHi All Can you please tell if it is possible or not to search in pdf and word files by passing the path via xml docs ... so that the xml file will be something like this..p  precodeltdocgt     ltfield nameidgt1ltfieldgt     ltfield namenamegtAltfieldgt     ltfield nameskgtAcceltfieldgt     ltfield namelevelgtBeginnerltfieldgt     ltfield namedogtTutoltfieldgt     ltfield nameopengt1ltfieldgt     ltfield nametypegtCtltfieldgt     ltfield nameextensisgtclexltfieldgt     ltfield namefeaturesgtAtosltfieldgt     ltfield namedownlgtltfieldgt     ltfield namesourcegtAtomsltfieldgt     ltfield namedescriptiongtThs.ltfieldgt     ltfield namefilepathgthttpwww.abcd.comfilesabcd.pdfltfieldgt    ltdocgt    ltdocgt     ltfield nameidgt2ltfieldgt     ltfield namenamegtArltfieldgt     ltfield nameskgtAcrceltfieldgt     ltfield namelevelgtBeginnerltfieldgt     ltfield namedogtTuto1ltfieldgt     ltfield nameopengt11ltfieldgt     ltfield nametypegtC1tltfieldgt     ltfield nameextensisgtclexdltfieldgt     ltfield namefeaturesgtAtosltfieldgt     ltfield namedownlgtltfieldgt     ltfield namesourcegtdddddltfieldgt     ltfield namedescriptiongtThsdd.ltfieldgt     ltfield namefilepathgthttpwww.abcd.comfilesabcd.pdfltfieldgt    ltdocgt codepre  pSo here if I search for word solr word uaing the solr query, rather than searching only in docs it should also go inside the filesfilepath and search for the word. Any suggestions, assistance in this will be helpfull..p
Negative 10594 pI would like running my codeJUnitcode test from Java.p  pI use p  precodeJUnitCore runner  new JUnitCore runner.addListenernew TextListenerSystem.out runner.runAdditionTest.class codepre  pBut I would like the name of the test, the result codetruecode or codefalsecode, the failurep  pHow I have itp
Negative 10594 pIn my team, I was asked to develop some kind of generic dashboard that we can use for a lot of places in our application.p  pBasically, what they want the user to be able to do is make a column and filter selection on a set of data and save that filter.p  pNow on some data sets, the amount of columns reaches well over 100. Naturally, I dont want to get all of these from our data layer. We are using Entity Framework 5.0 on top of SQL Server at the moment.p  pNow, my plan was to make some kind of object to represent the column selection and filter. Translating the filters to an EF query, so the where clauses and sorting will be correct should not be a problem build predicates dynamically or generate entitySQL. The part that I cant wrap my mind around is how I can do a dynamic field selection. As I said, I dont want to fetch any data Im not going to return.p  pSo, how do I go from a list of column names to a data projection I can usep
Negative 10594 pIm seeing some code like thisp  precodeint foo    int sz  callotherfunc   char array[sz]     whatever   codepre  pIm baffled at how this would work and even compile with codegcccode. The size of the array is supposed to be emstaticem and determined at compile time, nop
Negative 10594 pI have a WCF project .NET 4.5 and when I call a long running function on it, Im getting this errorp  precodeA first chance exception of type System.IndexOutOfRangeException occurred in mscorlib.dll codepre  pin the output window, but the thing is when I debug the project, there are no exceptions thrown in the project and the project keeps runningdebugging as if no error happened. I thought that if there was an exception in my code, it should break and show the stack trace, but in this case no errors and keeps running. Im seeing this information like a lot. It fills the output window and keeps goingaddingp  pDo anyone know what this error means Why am I not getting unhandled exception thrown error if this is truep
Negative 10594 pThanks to the man who fixed this problem it worked on Google Chrome but on IE it is still not working. The question was answered for one browser. If you go and look at my site in the newest IE a hrefhttpwww.bbwillowlake.co.nf relnofollowhttpwww.bbwillowlake.co.nfa you can see that you can not see the very bottom of the site. I am still wondering why the site is doing this. Do i just need to add more margin at the bottom I am trying to reword these questions because i got my accounted banned. Also below is a version of the newest code lots of changes. BTW the copyright is fake i know that some people wont touch code with the copyright because it is illegal this copyright is fake this is just a fake website for a school project.p  pindex.phpp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langengt ltheadgt ltmeta charsetUTF8gt lttitlegt B amp B Willow Lake  Home lttitlegt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefstyleslayout.cssgt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefstylesstyle.cssgt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idwrappergt ltheader idheadergt lth1gtlta hrefindex.phpgtltfont colorFFFFFFgtB amp B Willow Lakeltfontgtltagtlth1gt ltheadergt ltul idmenugt ltligt lta hrefpackages.phpgtPackagesltagt ltulgt   ltligtlta hrefoneandtwonight.phpgtOne and Two Nightltagt ltligt ltligtlta hrefanniversary.phpgtAnniversaryltagt ltligt ltligtlta hrefextendedstay.phpgtExtended Stayltagt ltligt ltligtlta hrefhoneymoon.phpgtHoney Moonltagt ltligt ltulgt ltligt ltligtlta hrefactivities.phpgtActivitiesltagt ltulgt ltligtlta hrefindoor.phpgtIndoorltagt ltligt ltligtlta hrefoutdoor.phpgtOutdoorltagt ltligt ltulgt ltligt ltligtlta hrefdine.phpgtDineltagt ltulgt ltligtlta hrefspecials.phpgtSpecialsltagt ltligt ltligtlta hrefbreakfast.phpgtBreakFastltagt ltligt ltligtlta hreflunch.phpgtLunchltagt ltligt ltligtlta hrefteaparty.phpgtTea Partyltagt ltligt ltulgt ltligt ltligtlta hrefcontactus.phpgtContact Usltagt ltulgt ltligtlta hrefdirections.phpgtDirectionsltagt ltligt ltulgt ltligt ltulgt ltsection idsectionslidegt ltimg srcimagesbackground.jpg altbackground idpng1gtltimg srcimagesbackground3.jpg altbackground2 idpng3gtltimg srcimagesbackground2.jpg altbackground3 idpng2gtltimg srcimagesbackground4.jpg altbackground4 idpng4gt ltsectiongt ltdiv idmiddlewrappergt ltsection idsectiongt ltarticlegt lth2gtPlaylth2gt lta hrefplay.htmlgtltimg srcimagesplay.jpg idpng5 altbackground5 idpicmaingtltagt ltpgtHere will go a text area that talks about all the stuff they can do out door and in door most of the descrpiton will be like the descrpition on the acrives page which it is refing to,ltbr gt lta idlearnmore hrefplay.phpgtLearn Moreltagt ltpgtltarticlegtlthr gt  ltarticlegt lth2gtStaylth2gtlta hrefstay.phpgtltimg srcimagesstay.jpg idpng6 altbackground6 idpicmain2gtltagt ltpgtThis wil be a ref to the package page just a shorter descrpiton so sum up what our stay is like all of these little text areas like play stay dine and cel shoul have a blue text area at the bottom that says learn more that when liked should link to the main page for the subject.ltbr gt lta idlearnmore2 hrefstay.phpgtLearn Moreltagt ltpgtlthr gtltarticlegt ltarticlegt lth2gtDinelth2gtlta hrefdine.phpgtltimg srcimagesdine.jpg idpng7 altbackground7 idpicmain3gtltagt ltpgtHere will be a desc of the dine page which well tell the user the basics of what eating is like at the resort b and b willow lake it should also tell them that there is a kids menu for there kids and that there is fine dining for the adults and a lot of places to eat for the famlily and just for lovers to get away and eat.ltbr gt lta idlearnmore3 hrefdine.phpgtLearn Moreltagt ltpgtlthr gtltarticlegt ltarticlegt lth2gtCelebratelth2gtlta hrefcel.phpgtltimg srcimagescel.jpg idpng8 altbackground8 idpicmain4gtltagt ltpgtThis well talk about the events that you can host and the resort like wewdings and birth days tea partys any thing from normal kids birth day partys to highclass wedingns and events of any sort.ltbr gt lta idlearnmore4 hrefcelebrate.phpgtLearn Moreltagt ltpgtltarticlegt ltsectiongt ltaside idasidegt ltbr gt ltbr gt ltform targetpaypal actionhttpswww.paypal.comcgibinwebscr methodpost gt ltinput typehidden namecmd valuesxclickgt lttablegt lttrgtlttdgtltinput typehidden nameon0 valuePackagesgtPackageslttdgtlttrgtlttrgtlttdgtltselect nameos0gt     ltoption valueOne and Two NightgtOne and Two Night 1,000.00 USDltoptiongt     ltoption valueAnniversarygtAnniversary 1,000.00 USDltoptiongt     ltoption valueExtended StaygtExtended Stay 1,000.00 USDltoptiongt     ltoption valueHoney MoongtHoney Moon 1,000.00 USDltoptiongt ltselectgt lttdgtlttrgt lttablegt ltinput typehidden namecurrencycode valueUSDgt ltinput typehidden nameencrypted valueBEGIN PKCS7MIIIQQYJKoZIhvcNAQcEoIIIMjCCCC4CAQExggEwMIIBLAIBADCBlDCBjjELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxCzAJBgNVBAgTAkNBMRYwFAYDVQQHEw1Nb3VudGFpbiBWaWV3MRQwEgYDVQQKEwtQYXlQYWwgSW5jLjETMBEGA1UECxQKbGl2ZV9jZXJ0czERMA8GA1UEAxQIbGl2ZV9hcGkxHDAaBgkqhkiG9w0BCQEWDXJlQHBheXBhbC5jb20CAQAwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEBBQAEgYAMs9r2YG9I7ikzCDRIZqc64nR7wAd2EBIWaIKjbAcQUTp4AueD6i7L4t9AWswvItQPT7rK69SZLWJfPwVAPDXm76ceQAUq1BmIhD5aYa3eyPnyXhlsI3729mpCh3Dw0X6pkg1kBWPdtRO4h6OEEZhZ53Vj6pkpSNYag0L5SZZTELMAkGBSsOAwIaBQAwggG9BgkqhkiG9w0BBwEwFAYIKoZIhvcNAwcECJD929txeFAagIIBmIA8gAI8OxJHVsUUrxbf6a5gqoMJ2QNN9zZwBOnkn2XD9EVCLGoFg2X4y83o7s2AfI1fXggBIq07Gl9f2liBAMJ1SPJCtKrcxnYZNNk0ktV5FklNQmXsMHHvnokYe5ooSDKxnOBGm3PReaxdWhKSe4p0lSU2rApjnyhYacLcOiWAqnhKwXzFitUloM8FO1koFBypKkxlaE62z7lbEmVnXVgn2k32vu4HRakIDfjUzoOYQnDFyP9NcWZiHcwLfqwOrVqBv0C64hZH2I2Q8uErbtSPFnmCcAKcNOciDAat926O1SmloHMbkmZHNRgwXv0fIAwlR5DXRyeVvriJUCaLHZxKOxR93bJ8QE27J5U7jdkS3eZ0jHplCi8ahJRNSwZUPS999ldBPRGS4NGT4cHCZ2nydhIAbycZOGIJTWWgq3v758c3iTmPCB3XzZatuQb1K3BK7srpFIkanT17XzfyjbVr9Om7ZduFAZQSbOZtsvtdDNRk0qNc7rRGSz8BpdlQ9QPObrnOLVhp6zqCCA4cwggODMIIC7KADAgECAgEAMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBBQUAMIGOMQswCQYDVQQGEwJVUzELMAkGA1UECBMCQ0ExFjAUBgNVBAcTDU1vdW50YWluIFZpZXcxFDASBgNVBAoTC1BheVBhbCBJbmMuMRMwEQYDVQQLFApsaXZlX2NlcnRzMREwDwYDVQQDFAhsaXZlX2FwaTEcMBoGCSqGSIb3DQEJARYNcmVAcGF5cGFsLmNvbTAeFw0wNDAyMTMxMDEzMTVaFw0zNTAyMTMxMDEzMTVaMIGOMQswCQYDVQQGEwJVUzELMAkGA1UECBMCQ0ExFjAUBgNVBAcTDU1vdW50YWluIFZpZXcxFDASBgNVBAoTC1BheVBhbCBJbmMuMRMwEQYDVQQLFApsaXZlX2NlcnRzMREwDwYDVQQDFAhsaXZlX2FwaTEcMBoGCSqGSIb3DQEJARYNcmVAcGF5cGFsLmNvbTCBnzANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOBjQAwgYkCgYEAwUdO3fxEzEtcnI7ZKZL412XvZPugoni7i7D7prCe0AtaHTc97CYgm7NsAtJyxNLixmhLV8pyIEaiHXWAh8fPKWR017EmXrr9EaquPmsVvTywAAE1PMNOKqo2kl4Gxiz9zZqIajOm1fZGWcGS0f5JQ2kBqNbvbg2ZaGJqwUCAwEAAaOB7jCB6zAdBgNVHQ4EFgQUlp98u8ZvF71ZP1LXChvsENZklGswgbsGA1UdIwSBszCBsIAUlp98u8ZvF71ZP1LXChvsENZklGuhgZSkgZEwgY4xCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMQswCQYDVQQIEwJDQTEWMBQGA1UEBxMNTW91bnRhaW4gVmlldzEUMBIGA1UEChMLUGF5UGFsIEluYy4xEzARBgNVBAsUCmxpdmVfY2VydHMxETAPBgNVBAMUCGxpdmVfYXBpMRwwGgYJKoZIhvcNAQkBFg1yZUBwYXlwYWwuY29tggEAMAwGA1UdEwQFMAMBAf8wDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEFBQADgYEAgV86VpqAWuXvX6Oro4qJ1tYVIT5DgWpE692Ag422H7yRIr9jiKG4ThiaOflx4TdLIFJBAyPK9v6zZNZtBgPBynXb048hsP16l2vi0k5Q2JKiPDsEfBhGIHnxLXEaUWAcVfCsQFvd2A1sxRr67ip5y2wwBelUecP3AjJYcxggGaMIIBlgIBATCBlDCBjjELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxCzAJBgNVBAgTAkNBMRYwFAYDVQQHEw1Nb3VudGFpbiBWaWV3MRQwEgYDVQQKEwtQYXlQYWwgSW5jLjETMBEGA1UECxQKbGl2ZV9jZXJ0czERMA8GA1UEAxQIbGl2ZV9hcGkxHDAaBgkqhkiG9w0BCQEWDXJlQHBheXBhbC5jb20CAQAwCQYFKw4DAhoFAKBdMBgGCSqGSIb3DQEJAzELBgkqhkiG9w0BBwEwHAYJKoZIhvcNAQkFMQ8XDTEzMTIwNjE2MjA0NlowIwYJKoZIhvcNAQkEMRYEFErtGk2xl99fwZ24pPz27NZpLG8tMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBAQUABIGAQEb9dpBzufCv6PbrjPPl92ejRaBVMVJg0Xymz1sWhbP06l4Odc35NDgKse5NZ1ynxBVRstgadAstk8xAYnotAT1L5xPl7KOjVFDe3O4T0fPenM0GnoJqkI2p24zYDY9TrF8S8Xs21hnjqzDUZH2LcFoIHBjLhYSIAJcRRAEBQEND PKCS7 gt ltinput typeimage srchttpswww.paypalobjects.comenUSibtnbtncartLG.gif border0 namesubmit altPayPal  The safer, easier way to pay onlinegt ltimg alt border0 srchttpswww.paypalobjects.comenUSiscrpixel.gif width1 height1gt ltformgt  ltbr gt ltbr gt ltbr gt lth2gtWhy Uslth2gt ltpgt ltpregt adsfsdafasdfadfsdafasfsdafasdfaltbr gtdfsdafadfdddddddujhyjbdddddddltbr gtddddddddddddddddddddddddltbr gt asdfasdfsdafadsdfasdfdsfadsfasdfaltbr gtdfadsfasdfadfdaltbr gtsfasdfasdfasdfasdfsdafsdafdsafdltbr gt dsasdfdsfsdfasdfasdfdfdddddddddddddltbr gtdddddddddddddddddddddddddltbr gtddddddddddddltbr gt ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddltbr gtSdddddddddddddddddddddddddltbr gtdddddddddddddddltbr gt ltpregt ltpgt ltbr gt ltbr gt ltbr gt ltiframe titleYoutube video player width90 height390px srchttpwww.youtube.comwatchvmI6aVSzZspsamplistTLctir32a34lOmJXkxNcviVk5lubSIL3Ngtltiframegt ltimg srcimagesfacebook.gif altfacebook idfacebook hrefhttpwww.facebook.comgtltimg srcimagestwitter.gif alttwitter idtwitter hrefhttpwww.twitter.comgtltimg srcimagesg.gif altg idgoogle hrefhttpwww.google.comgtltimg srcimagesyoutube.gif altyoutube idyoutube hrefhttpwww.youtube.comgtltbr gt ltasidegt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltfooter idfootergt lth1gtlta hrefindex.phpgtltfont colorFFFFFFgtB amp B Willow Lakeltfontgtltagtlth1gt ltpgt bandbwillowlakegmail.com ltpgt ltpgt Copyright 0 B.C. ampcopy bbwillowlake.co.nf, All rights reserved. ltpgt ltfootergt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pBTW sorry for the sloppy code in my style.p  pstyle.cssp  precode fontfamilyVerdana  body    background webkitradialgradientD8D8D8, A4A4A4, 6E6E6E  Safari  background oradialgradientD8D8D8, A4A4A4, 6E6E6E  For Opera 11.1 to 12.0  background mozradialgradientD8D8D8, A4A4A4, 6E6E6E  For Firefox 3.6 to 15  background radialgradientD8D8D8, A4A4A4, 6E6E6E  Standard syntax   pre      overflowx auto  Use horizontal scroller if needed      whitespace prewrap  css3      whitespace mozprewrap important  Mozilla, since 1999      wordwrap breakword  Internet Explorer 5.5      whitespace  normal    header color FFF background 111 background mozlineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4  background webkitgradientlinear,left bottom,left top,colorstop0, 5882FA,colorstop1, 3D72A4    background webkitlineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4   background olineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4 background mslineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4 background lineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4  facebook width50px height50PX marginleft5px  twitter width50px height50PX marginleft5px  google width50px height50PX marginleft5px  youtube width50px height50PX marginleft5px  picmain textaligncenter width150px height150px  picmain2 textaligncenter width150px height150px  picmain3 textaligncenter width150px height150px  picmain4 textaligncenter width150px height150px   h1 color FFF textshadow 0 1px 0 000 textdecorationnone  h2 color 000 marginbottom8px textshadow 0 1px 0 000  nav backgroundcolor 254159 color FFFFFF textalign center  a textdecorationnone  alink textdecoration none  ahover textdecoration underline  sectionslide backgroundcolor FFFFFF  img  section backgroundcolor FFF  png1 width25 height150px  png2 width25 height150px  png3 width25 height150px  png4 width25 height150px  png5 width150px height150px transitionwidth 2s, height 2s, transform 2s webkittransitionwidth 2s, height 2s, webkittransform 2s  Safari   png5hover width250px height250px transformrotate360deg webkittransformrotate360deg  Safari   png6 width150px height150px transitionwidth 2s, height 2s, transform 2s webkittransitionwidth 2s, height 2s, webkittransform 2s  Safari   button widthauto height25px background 111 background mozlineargradient444, 111  background webkitgradientlinear,left bottom,left top,colorstop0, 111,colorstop1, 444  background webkitlineargradient444, 111     background olineargradient444, 111 background mslineargradient444, 111 background lineargradient444, 111 colorFFF  png6hover width250px height250px transformrotate360deg webkittransformrotate360deg  Safari   img border none  png7 width150px height150px transitionwidth 2s, height 2s, transform 2s webkittransitionwidth 2s, height 2s, webkittransform 2s  Safari   png7hover width250px height250px transformrotate360deg webkittransformrotate360deg  Safari   png8 width150px height150px transitionwidth 2s, height 2s, transform 2s webkittransitionwidth 2s, height 2s, webkittransform 2s  Safari   png8hover width250px height250px transformrotate360deg webkittransformrotate360deg  Safari   aside background 111 background mozlineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4  background webkitgradientlinear,left bottom,left top,colorstop0, 5882FA,colorstop1, 3D72A4    background webkitlineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4   background olineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4 background mslineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4 background lineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4  footer background 111 background mozlineargradient444, 111  background webkitgradientlinear,left bottom,left top,colorstop0, 111,colorstop1, 444  background webkitlineargradient444, 111     background olineargradient444, 111 background mslineargradient444, 111 background lineargradient444, 111 colorFFFFFF  menu width 82 marginleft auto marginright auto padding 10px 0 0 0 liststyle none   background 111 background mozlineargradient444, 111  background webkitgradientlinear,left bottom,left top,colorstop0, 111,colorstop1, 444  background webkitlineargradient444, 111     background olineargradient444, 111 background mslineargradient444, 111 background lineargradient444, 111 mozborderradius 50px mozboxshadow 0 2px 1px 9c9c9c webkitboxshadow 0 2px 1px 9c9c9c boxshadow 0 2px 1px 9c9c9c   menu li float left padding 0 0 10px 0 position relative   menu a float left height 25px padding 0 25px color 999 texttransform uppercase font bold 12px25px Arial, Helvetica textdecoration none textshadow 0 1px 0 000   menu lihover gt a color FFF   html menu li ahover  IE6  color FFFFFF   menu lihover gt ul display block    Submenu   menu ul liststyle none margin 0 padding 0     display none position absolute top 35px left 0 zindex 99999     background FFFFFF background mozlineargradient444, 111 background webkitgradientlinear,left bottom,left top,colorstop0, 111,colorstop1, 444 background webkitlineargradient444, 111     background olineargradient444, 111  background mslineargradient444, 111     background lineargradient444, 111     mozborderradius 5px borderradius 5px   menu ul li float none margin 0 padding 0 display block   mozboxshadow 0 1px 0 111111, 0 2px 0 777777 webkitboxshadow 0 1px 0 111111, 0 2px 0 777777 boxshadow 0 1px 0 111111, 0 2px 0 777777   menu ul lilastchild    mozboxshadow none webkitboxshadow none boxshadow none       menu ul a     padding 10px height auto lineheight 1 display block whitespace nowrap float none texttransform none   html menu ul a  IE6     height 10px width 150px   firstchildhtml menu ul a  IE7      height 10px width 150px   .button borderradius10px backgroundcolorred   menu ul ahover background 111 background mozlineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4  background webkitgradientlinear,left bottom,left top,colorstop0, 5882FA,colorstop1, 3D72A4    background webkitlineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4   background olineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4 background mslineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4 background lineargradient5882FA, 3D72A4   menu ul lifirstchild a mozborderradius 5px 5px 0 0 webkitborderradius 5px 5px 0 0 borderradius 5px 5px 0 0   menu ul lifirstchild aafter content  position absolute left 30px top 8px width 0 height 0 borderleft 5px solid transparent borderright 5px solid transparent borderbottom 8px solid 444   menu ul lifirstchild ahoverafter borderbottomcolor FFF   menu ul lilastchild a mozborderradius 0 0 5px 5px webkitborderradius 0 0 5px 5px borderradius 0 0 5px 5px    Clear floated elements  menuafter visibility hidden display block fontsize 0 content   clear both height 0   learnmore color blue   learnmore2 color blue   learnmore3 color blue   learnmore4 color blue   html menu              zoom 1   IE6  firstchildhtml menu  zoom 1   IE7  codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a Firefox OS app that displays images and text of different sizes Titles and content. The app used to work fine in both simulator and device, but today it started to render oddly every time I scrolled the pages.p  pThe problem is that the images and the text repaint themselves below the original content, making the page a horrible mix of images and text that makes the app unreadable. Here is a screenshot of the issue a hrefhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu1858316520131126112357.png relnofollowScreenshot 1ap  pThe other wierd thing is that suddenly the problem stopped appearing after I had disconnect the device and hadnt updated the app in about an hour.p  pAfter that, I connected the device to my computer and updated the app with other stuff commented alert commands that I didnt need and nothing else and it started again.p  pThe device Im using is a Peak with Firefox OS 1.2 and Im using the App Manager to upload the app on the device. The app works with the jQuery libraries and the basic HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript that are necessary for Firefox OS apps.p  pWhats happening herep  pEDIT I think Ive stated my question wrongly, since the problem is that the images and texts dont get erased but the do get repainted when scrolled. p  pI also noticed that the repainting and noerasing happens when I load a page and some content takes more time to load than others, so the content that loads first gets repainted below the new one.p  pI think it might have to do with the frame rate of the screen, but I dont see how I can solve this in my app and not mess with the core of the phone.p
Negative 10594 pIm looking to make a layout where there are tabs at the top.  The tabs would be Friends, Requests and Search.  I would like the Friends and Requests to be buttons as they need to be read where as I would like the Search to be the generic magnify glass.  I have had this working with a fairly generic setup however the SearchView is squished and cant be read.p  pWould ActionBarSherlock allow me to accomplish thisp  pIs ActionBarSherlock capable of creating such action bars below the main actionbar at the top of the screenp  pIf it isnt what would be the best way to accomplish this kind of viewp  pCheers,p  pJakep
Negative 10594 pI need to count up from 1 to 60 but i want to count up with an easing, so for example it would go from 1 to 30 with a 100ms delay, after that i need to increase the delay so the counting will gradually slow down when it reaches 60. This is what i got so farnot muchp  precodevar i  0 var interval  setIntervalfunction     i  1     console.logi     ifi  60          clearIntervalinterval      , 100 codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to compile following simple program on a 64bit machinep  precode include ltcstdiogt   int main       float a,b,c     a  10.5     b  20.6     c  a  b     printfd  n, c     return 0  codepre  pI compile it with following console commandp  precodeg m32 file.cpp codepre  pWhen I execute the a.out file like thisp  p.a.out m32p  pThe result I get is thisp  p1610612736p  pWhat is going on What am I doing wrong I get bogus result when compiling without the m32 flag. Gcc acts the same way.p
Negative 10594 pI add a UIView that can detect the user touch, drag in a table cell, but when I added it into a table cell. The tableview scrolling event get my touch instead, how can I avoid that Thanks.p
Negative 10594 precodediv .pagehost alert length 1 .pagecontainer  .pagehost alert length 0 .pagecontainer gt .pagehost alert length 0 codepre  pHow to make it right ..  I cant find the element.p  precodeltdiv classpagecontainergt  Pub     ltdiv classpagehostgtSubltdivgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 10594 pIve got a button pointing to a view and whenever I see press the button my app crashes. Can anyone tell me why The code is the implementation file for the view that the button pushes to.p  precodeimplementation OpenShiftViewController  voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]     NSUserDefaults defaults  [NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults]     myDictionary  [defaults dictionaryRepresentation]   NSIntegernumberOfSectionsInTableViewUITableView tableView       return 1    NSIntegertableViewUITableView tableView numberOfRowsInSectionNSIntegersection      return myDictionary.count    UITableViewCell tableViewUITableView tableView cellForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath       static NSString CellIdentifier  cell     UITableViewCell cell  UITableViewCell [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierCellIdentifier]     NSArray  allKeys  [myDictionary allKeys]     cell.textLabel.text  [myDictionary objectForKey[allKeys objectAtIndexindexPath.row]]     cell.detailTextLabel.text  [myDictionary objectForKey[allKeys     objectAtIndexindexPath.row]]     return cell    end codepre
Negative 10594 pI have an application that exports data in the formatp  p1a,1b,1csub1sub,1csub2sub,1csub3sub, ... up to 1csub100sub,1dsub1sub,1dsub2sub,1dsub3sub, ... up to 1dsub100subbr 2a,2b,2csub1sub,2csub2sub,2csub3sub, ... up to 2csub100sub,2dsub1sub,2dsub2sub,2dsub3sub, ... up to 2dsub100subbr etc.p  pand I am trying to reformat this into p  p1a,1b,1csub1sub,1dsub1subbr 1a,1b,1csub2sub,1dsub2subbr .br .br 1a,1b,1csub100sub,1dsub100subbr 2a,2b,2csub1sub,2dsub1subbr 2a,2b,2csub2sub,2dsub2subbr etc.p  pI figured that if this can be done a row at a time I can just loop through the file.  However I cant find a way of doing a single row with either tokens, a list, or even as a string function.  There is too much data to process in a single operation each value is about 12 chars.  Tokens limit at roughly 64202, a list at about 107202 and a string at about 10002300p  pDoes anyone know how this can be written into a new filep  pI was trying things likep  precodeecho off setlocal enableDelayedExpansion set dimCnt0 ltexample.csv    set p dimList gtnul   for D in dimList do      set a dimCnt1     set dim[dimCnt]D     echo for l I in 3 1 102 do echo dim[1],dim[2],dim[I] ltcodegt codepre  p..besides the fact that I have missed out the last variable in the line need to add 100 to it, I cant get more than about 80110 values out of the list I guess it depends on value string lengthp
Negative 10594 pThis is mostly an ivory tower question, since I can easily just make a new URL endpoint.  But basically, Id like to be able to serve up CSV when the user has the Accept header configured to include textcsv.  Thats trivial on the server side, but on the client side I dont know how to set the Accept header unless Im using XHR or some other nonbrowser client.  Is there a way in HTML to set the Accept header in a link or in JS to set the Accept header when using window.locationp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to apply a function to each row of a data frame and at the end of the results it is also printing the final column as well... p  pIm not sure why this is the case.p  precodedf  data.framex  LETTERS[110], y  sample15,10, replace  TRUE, z  sample100105, 10, replace  TRUE  testprint  function x   printx[[1]]   printx[[2]]   printx[[3]]   applydf, 1, testprint codepre  pResultp  precode[1] A [1] 2 [1] 105 [1] B [1] 1 [1] 103 [1] C [1] 5 [1] 102 [1] D [1] 1 [1] 101 [1] E [1] 3 [1] 105 [1] F [1] 1 [1] 100 [1] G [1] 3 [1] 103 [1] H [1] 2 [1] 101 [1] I [1] 3 [1] 100 [1] J [1] 1 [1] 100  [1] 105 103 102 101 105 100 103 101 100 100 codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a local network connecting 15 PCs. Every PC has postgres installed 8.3, 8.4, 9.2. Every database has the exact same installation parameters as name, user, password, etc. p  pIm using a Java application, which implements JDBC library and I have been able to connect correctly to the databases in EVERY computer but one. Im pretty sure I have set correctly the necesary parameters for pghba.conf and postgresql.conf, because they are set the same in all the 15 PCs.p  pI also have set the Windows Firewall exception for the port 5432p  pAll this has lead me to conclude that the problem lies in that specific PC that doesnt accepts the connection. It has Windows 7 Ultimate installed, the same as the rest, and postgres 8.3.p  pThis is the error that i get org.postgresql.util.PSQLException Connection attempt timed out.p  pI dont want to format the PC from zerop  pCan someone help me with thisp
Negative 10594 pCould anyone help me debug this The listbox isnt updating, and Im not sure if the entry text codementcode is even transferring to the method.p  precodedef NewTask     ment  StringVar     top  Toplevel     top.titleAdd New Task     top.minsize300,300     top.maxsize300,300      labelnewtask  Labeltop, text  Entry New Task, font  Purisa,20     labelnewtask.pack       buttonnewtask  Buttontop, textEnter, command NewTaskCount     buttonnewtask.pack      entrynewtask  Entrytop, textvariablement     entrynewtask.pack    def NewTaskCount     ment  StringVar     mtext  ment.get     listbox.insertEND, mtext     return codepre
Negative 10594 pThis code below does exactly what I wanted to do, but the problem is that it breaks the query string. Whatever am passing into the URL is not being recognized by PHP GET. Is there a way I can use this code and also not break and query string am using on URL.p  pI am just a beginner with HTACCESS, I do not have much knowledge about this.p  precodeRewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d RewriteRule [w][w][w] index.phpslug11ampslug22ampslug33ampslug44ampslug55 codepre
Negative 10594 pIn my task I try to use Kuhnalgorithm to find solution for maximum matchings in bipartite graphs.p  blockquote   pDescription of the problemp      pFloor in a room the size of M  N paved with parquet. However, some   tile flooring were broken. Peter decided to redecorate the room by   replacing the damaged cells. He found that the parquet tiles come in   two types  the size of 1  2, which cost A coins a little thought,   Peter realized that the 1  2 tiles can be rotated 90 degrees, thereby   producing tiles 2  1 and size 1  1, which are B coins. Peter cannot   divide double tiles by two.p      pFind the minimum cost to repair floor.p      pSpecifications Input The first line contains the four numbers N, M,   A, B  1  N, M  300 , A, B  integers modulo not exceeding 1000.   Each of the next N lines contains M characters . dot represents   unspoiled tile flooring, and the symbol  asterisk  damaged. At   the end of the rows can go insignificant spaces. At the end of the   file may be empty strings.p      pOutputa single number  the minimum amount of money to repair.p blockquote  pFor first input line code300 300 1000 1000code and next 300 equal lines with 300 asterisk characters I get codeException in thread main java.lang.StackOverflowError at java.util.ArrayList.iteratorcode when recursive calls 1024 times.p  pMy code belowp  precodeimport java.io. import java.util.  public class BrokenParquet      static boolean findPathListltIntegergt[] g, int u1, int[] matching, boolean[] vis          if vis[u1] return false         vis[u1]  true         for int v  g[u1]              int u2  matching[v]             if u2  1  vis[u2] ampamp findPathg, u2, matching, vis                  matching[v]  u1                 return true                               return false           public static int maxMatchingListltIntegergt[] g, int n2          int n1  g.length         int[] matching  new int[n2]         Arrays.fillmatching, 1         int matches  0         for int u  0 u lt n1 u              if findPathg, u, matching, new boolean[n1]                 matches             if matchesgt36300                 System.out.printlnmatches                  return matches           public static void mainString[] args throws Exception           BufferedReader rdr  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderSystem.in         int n0,m0,a0,b0              String s            try              int c                  StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder                  while c  rdr.read  n                      sb.appendchar c                     s  sb.toString                     s.trim                           catch IOException e              System.exit0             e.printStackTrace                   if s  null System.exit0             String[] num  s.split[pDigit]          if num.length  4 System.exit0          try               n  Integer.parseIntnum[0]              m  Integer.parseIntnum[1]              a  Integer.parseIntnum[2]              b  Integer.parseIntnum[3]          catchException e System.exit0         if nlt1  mlt1  ngt300  mgt300  agt1000  bgt1000  alt0  blt0 System.exit0         char[][] chars  new char[n][m]         s                     try                           int c                     for int i  0 i lt chars.length i                          StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder                         int l  0                         while c  rdr.read  1                          if char c  n break                         if char c    char c  . ampamp lltm                              sb.appendchar c                             l                                                                       if l lt m for int j  0 j lt ml j sb.append.                         s  sb.toString                            chars[i]  s.toCharArray                                          rdr.close                  catch IOException e                      e.printStackTrace                  finally                      if rdr  null                          try                              rdr.close                          catch IOException e                              e.printStackTrace                                                                             rdr.close         int n1  mn         int n2  n1         ListltIntegergt[] g  new List[n1]         for int i  0 i lt n1 i              g[i]  new ArrayListltIntegergt                  int o  0, w  0         for int i  0 i lt chars.length i              for int j  0 j lt chars[i].length j                  char c  chars[i][j]                 if c                        w                     if j gt 0 ampamp chars[i][j1]   g[o].addo1                     if j lt chars[i].length2 ampamp chars[i][j1]   g[o].addo1                     if i gt 0 ampamp chars[i1][j]   g[o].addom                     if i lt chars.length2 ampamp chars[i1][j]   g[o].addom                                  o                               int d  maxMatchingg, n22         if 2bgta System.out.printdawd2b         else System.out.printw  b                codepre  pCan you help me I looking for answer without increasing Java stack size.p
Negative 10594 pA quite simple and straightforward question.p  pI have a session scoped managed bean as follows demonstrating a PrimeFaces a hrefhttpwww.primefaces.orgshowcaseuislider.jsf relnofollowrange slidera.p  precodeManagedBean SessionScoped public final class RangeSliderBean implements Serializable      private static final long serialVersionUID  1L     private static final byte scale2      private BigDecimal maxPrice     private BigDecimal minPrice      public RangeSliderBean              maxPricenew BigDecimal100.setScalescale, RoundingMode.HALFUP         minPricenew BigDecimal5.setScalescale, RoundingMode.HALFUP           PostConstruct     private void init                 Mutators and accessors  codepre  pThe given two fields in the above session scoped managed bean are bound to an XHTML page.p  precodelthform idrangeForm prependIdtruegt     ltppanel headerShop by Pricegt         lthpanelGrid idrangeSliderPanelGrid columns1 stylemarginbottom10pxgt             lthoutputText iddisplayRange valueMin  rangeSliderBean.minPrice.toPlainString Max  rangeSliderBean.maxPrice.toPlainStringgt              ltpslider fortxtMinPrice, txtMaxPrice                        minValuerangeSliderBean.minPrice                        maxValuerangeSliderBean.maxPrice                        displaydisplayRange                        stylewidth170px                        rangetrue displayTemplateMin  min Max  maxgt         lthpanelGridgt          lthinputHidden idtxtMinPrice valuerangeSliderBean.minPrice converterbigDecimalConvertergt         lthinputHidden idtxtMaxPrice valuerangeSliderBean.maxPrice converterbigDecimalConvertergt         ltpcommandButton valueSubmitgt ltUpdateprocess is temporarily omitted.gt     ltppanelgt lthformgt codepre  pIf these fields are initialized in the method annotated by codePostConstructcode i.e codeinitcode, in this case instead of initializing them in the constructor as shown in the snippet, their specified values are strongnotstrong set unless and until a user logs in unless a session is created.p  pHow can they be initialized in the constructor then, just a little confusion I know that the constructor is called before the method annotated by codePostConstructcode is invoked.p
Negative 10594 pSo Im kinda new with Ruby on Rails. In one of my Database classes the teacher asked us to create a simple application using any tool I liked. The app just has to have the ability to get new users, let users make appointments and add patients its for doctors, all that just enter information to the database and quering the database for information. p  pThe problem is that in the specifications of this project says that every interaction with the database has to be done in Raw SQL, so I cant use the Ruby On Rails utilities. I have been working with this framework for about six months, so Im familiarized with it, and I know how to make the Raw SQL for the seeding of the database, and the queries, but I dont know how to start the project from my database.sql file, where I create the schema and all the tables.p  pThis can be with any DBMS, I currently have a script for sql server and mysql.p  pHow can I create my project using the sql file to create the database instead of using rails migrationsp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pTrying to create a function that manages Google Calendar items via PHP for a Google Apps account. Cannot use web client OAuth, all authentication must be server to server. p  pI did the following in the Google Apps admin panel  p  ol liEnabled API access for the domain.  li liCreated the OAuth key and secret for the domain.li ol  pSearched through many tutorials and cannot find anything related to Google Apps, and using the domain oauth key to retrieve user data. All of the examples either require a Service Account or Client OAuth which is not an option. p  pAny ideas where to startp
Negative 10594 pI am a little confused by the relationship between serverside sessions and client side cookies or sessionStorage.  I am working on a project in which serverside sessions have been disabled.  Does this mean that I cannot use cookies or DOM storage e.g. sessionStorage p  pI get the impression there is some kind of link between serveside sessions and clientside storage, but most articles I have found just talk about what is a cookie or what is a session.  Is it that a cookie needs a session ID so that the site can recognize itp
Negative 10594 pI have a problem in DistributedCache in Hadoop 2.x the new API, I found some people working around this issue, but it does not solve my problem a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20480130hadoop2distributedcachedeprecatedanddoesntworkisthereareplacement2048046020480460exampleap  pthis solution does not work with me Because i got a NullPointerException when trying to retrieve the data in DistributedCachep  pMy Configuration is as followsp  h2Driverh2  precode    public int runString[] arg throws Exception          Configuration conf  this.getConf         Job job new Jobconf,job Name         ...         job.addCacheFilenew URIarg[1] codepre  h2Setuph2  precode    protected void setupContext context             throws IOException, InterruptedException          Configuration conf  context.getConfiguration         URI[] cacheFiles  context.getCacheFiles         BufferedReader dtardr  new BufferedReadernew FileReadercacheFiles[0].toString codepre  pHere when it starts creating the buffered reader it throws the NullPointerException, this happenning because strongcontext.getCacheFilesstrong returns always NULL. How to solve this problem, and where is the cache files storedHDFS, or local file systemp
Negative 10594 pI have several ggplots as objects on my ls. I want to save them as separate files although I would also be interested to know how to save them all under 1 big file. I have read this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5796508loopthroughlsorobjectsquestiona and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1395410howtoprintrgraphicstomultiplepagesofapdfandmultiplepdfsquestiona but I cant seem to adapt the code. I also tried to plot them all in one big file as suggested a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12234248printingmultipleggplotsintoasinglepdfmultipleplotsperpageherea but do get this error codeError in do.callgrid.arrange, plots2[[i]]  second argument must be a listcode. Theres something that I am missing in getting all the ggplots in one list.p  pThis is what Ive tried so farp  precodegt ls List of objects on my ls. All the p are my ggplots that I want to save. [1] all     dat     dat2    dat3    data    dlook   dlook2  dlook3  i       look2   mdfx    [12] objects order   p       p1      p10     p11     p12     p13     p14     p15     p16     [23] p17     p18     p19     p2      p3      p4      p5      p6      p7      p8      p9      gt objectsltls gt plotltobjects[1430] gt plots  [1] p1  p10 p11 p12 p13 p14 p15 p16 p17 p18 p19 p2  p3  p4  p5  p6  p7  p8  p9   gt classplots [1] character  plots2ltas.listplotsTransform into a list.   librarygridExtra Code suggested to create one pdf file. pdftest.pdf, onefile  TRUE for i in seqlengthplots2    do.callgrid.arrange, plots2[[i]]    dev.off codepre
Negative 10594 pI am using Fullcalender.p  pIn my case I am adding Custom Events, Like when user clicks on specific date, he can add his event, when he is done with insertion, the custom event he just added show automatically appear on calender, means the fresh JSON Data should reload and appear.p  pHere is my Code p  precodeevents       ajaxresponse.php,Fetching JSON From PHP File  function insertEventSchedule       var title            titl.val     var fromDate         fromDate.val     var toDate           toDate.val          .ajax                         type POST,                         url  ajaxinsertscheduleevent.php,                         data titletitleampfromDatefromDateamptoDatetoDateamptimeStamp.now,                          cache false,                         beforeSend  function                                                               .submitdata.htmlltimg srcincludecontentloadersajaxloader.gif width20gt                             ,                         success functionhtml                                                              myPopup.dialogclose                                                               codepre
Negative 10594 pOur team decides to move to python 3, and codeBitNami OSQA Stack 1.0rc3code is no longer supported. Ive been looking it up all day but no results. I think maybe it is very easy for someone to find it, so I came here for help.p  pIn short something like emBitNami OSQA Stack 1.0rc3em, which implemented with python 3.p  pOr,something has the following featuresp  p1.implemented with python 3 and Djangop  p2.Open Source QampA Systemp  pand better optionalp  p3.SimplfiedChinese versionp  pthanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to insert information into my table using classes and functions.p  pI dont know why, but my function doesnt work. Although it recognizes my database, its giving an error message when I submit the form.p  pWhat do I need to changep  pHeres my form page codep  precodeltphp includeBDMySQL.class.php gt  lthtmlgt ltheadgt     lttitlegtRegistolttitlegt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefcssstyle.css typetextcssgt    ltheadgt  ltbodygt     ltspan idbackgroundgtltspangt     ltdiv idpagegt         ltdiv idsidebargt             ltdiv idlogogt                 lta hrefindex.htmlgtApenas as melhores da ltemgtBlastingBeats Rec.ltemgtltagt             ltdivgt              ltul idnavigationgt             ltligtlta hrefIndex.htmlgtHomeltagtltligt                 ltli classselectedgtlta hreflogin.htmlgtLoginltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefregisto.htmlgtRegistarltagtltligt             ltulgt              ltul idconnectgt                 ltligtlta hrefhttpfacebook.comfreewebsitetemplates targetblank classfacebookgtltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefhttptwitter.comfwtemplates targetblank classtwittergtltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href classlinkusgtltagtltligt             ltulgt              ltdiv classfootergt                 ampcopy Copyright ampcopy 2011.ltbrgt                 lta hrefindex.htmlgtCompany nameltagt all rights reserved.             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idcontentsgt         ltul classimagesgt             ltphp ifPOST[Nome]  gt         ltform actionltphp echo SERVER[PHPSELF] gt methodPOSTgtltpgt         Nome de Utilizadorltpgt         ltinput typetext nameNomegtltinputgtltpgt         PalavraPasseltpgt         ltinput typetext namePassgtltinputgtltpgt         ltinput typesubmit classbuttongtltpgt         ltformgt         ltphp  else  gt  ltphp includeCliente.class.php                              Cliente  new Cliente                             ifClientegtintroduzirClienteREQUEST[Nome], REQUEST[Pass]                                  echo Registo efectuado com sucesso ltbrgt                              else                                  echo Problema encontado no Registo ltbrgt                                 echo mysqlerrno . n                                                      ClientegtendCliente    gt               ltulgt         ltdivgt      ltdivgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pMy function codep  precodefunction introduzirClienteNome, Pass                sql  INSERT INTO clientes VALUES Nome , Pass             ifthisgtbdgtexecutarSQLsql return true             else return false          codepre
Negative 10594 pI would like to target only visible items in the caroufredsel carousel and have nonvisible items set to display none to minimize page load times.p  pI have seen several posts regarding this but have not found anything that works. Anybody able to help me outp  pNote  I am implementing in Drupal so Im using codejQuerycode in place of codecode.p  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv classhomepageHeroCarouselgtlt class of slide for animation gt   ltdiv classcarouselinnergt     ltulgt       ltligt         ltdiv classitemgt           ltimg classimgresponsive srcsitesallthemesvisitmendocinoassetsimageshero01.jpg width2000 height900 alt gt           ltdiv classcontainergt             ltdiv classcaptiongt               lth2gtlta hrefgtScenic Drive on Highway 1ltagtlth2gt               ltpgtGetting here is only partltbrgtof the experience.ltpgt               lta href classbtn btnprimary tabindex7gtLearn Moreltagt             ltdivgt           ltdivgtlt end caption gt         ltdivgt       ltligt       ltligt         ltdiv classitemgt           ltimg classimgresponsive srcsitesallthemesvisitmendocinoassetsimageshero02.jpg width2000 height900 alt gt           ltdiv classcontainergt             ltdiv classcaptiongt               lth2gtlta hrefgtFern Canyon Waterfallltagtlth2gt               ltpgtMeander through lush ground and connect with the sounds of the forest.ltpgt               lta href classbtn btnprimary tabindex8gtLearn Moreltagt             ltdivgt           ltdivgtlt end caption gt         ltdivgt       ltligt     ltulgt   ltdivgt   lta classprev idhomeprev hrefgtlti classfa faangleleft fa3xgtamp8203ltigtltagt   lta classnext idhomenext hrefgtlti classfa faangleright fa3xgtamp8203ltigtltagt   lt ltdiv classcontrolsgtltdivgt gt ltdivgt codepre  pjQueryp  precodejQuerywindow.loadfunction   var carousel  jQuery.homepageHeroCarousel .carouselinner ul   carousel.carouFredSel     circular true,     infinite false,     responsive true,     items        visible 1,       minimum 1,       width 1170     ,     scroll        fx scroll,       easing linear,       duration 1000,       onAfter function          var vis  jQuery.homepageHeroCarousel .carouselinner ul.triggerHandlercurrentVisible       get all visible items         jQuery.homepageHeroCarousel .carouselinner ul.children.removeClassactive                  remove all .active classes         vis.filtereq1.addClassactive            ,     auto false,     prev  homeprev,     next  homenext,     pagination .homepageHeroCarousel  .controls,     onCreate function         jQuerywindow.onresize, function           carousel.parent.addcarousel.heightcarousel.children.first.height       .triggerresize       var vis  jQuery.homepageHeroCarousel .carouselinner ul.triggerHandlercurrentVisible       get all visible items       jQuery.homepageHeroCarousel .carouselinner ul.children.removeClassactive                  remove all .active classes       vis.filtereq1.addClassactive          jQuerydocument.readyfunction         jQuery.homepageHeroCarousel .carouselinner ul.swiperightfunction            jQueryhomeprev.click                   jQuery.homepageHeroCarousel .carouselinner ul.swipeleftfunction            jQueryhomenext.click        codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a program class and a student class, the student constructor creates a student and stores it in the array, the problem is when I try to print the array I get the following printed outp  precodemetClassTwo.Student5c74c3aa codepre  pHow can I get the program to print the array details correctlyp  pprint methodp  precode  public static void listStudent      for int i  0i lt myClassCounti        if myClass[i]  null          System.out.printlnmyClass[i]                codepre  pcodemyClassCountcode is incremented by one each time a student is added.p  pArrayp  precode  static final Student[] myClass  new Student[6] codepre
Negative 10594 pI am writing values to a file.p  pThe values are written correct. In another application I can read the file without any exceptions.p  pBut in my new application, I get a codeBufferunderflowexceptioncode when trying to read the file.p  pI have spend days to fix this, but I just dont know how to solve it.p  pDid A LOT of research too.p  pThe codebufferunderflowexceptioncode refers to p  precodeDouble X1  mappedByteBufferOut.getDouble 8 byte double codepre  pThis is my code to read the filep  precode Override     public void paintComponentGraphics g       RandomAccessFile randomAccessFile  null     MappedByteBuffer mappedByteBufferOut  null     FileChannel fileChannel  null      try          super.paintComponentg          File file  new FilehomeuserDesktopFile          randomAccessFile  new RandomAccessFilefile, r          fileChannel  randomAccessFile.getChannel          mappedByteBufferOut  fileChannel.mapFileChannel.MapMode.READONLY, 0, randomAccessFile.length          while mappedByteBufferOut.hasRemaining               Double X1  mappedByteBufferOut.getDouble 8 byte double             Double Y1  mappedByteBufferOut.getDouble             Double X2  mappedByteBufferOut.getDouble             Double Y2  mappedByteBufferOut.getDouble             int colorRGB  mappedByteBufferOut.getInt 4 byte int             Color c  new ColorcolorRGB              Edge edge  new EdgeX1, Y1, X2, Y2, c              listEdges.addedge                   repaint          for Edge ed  listEdges              g.setColored.color             ed  KochFrame.edgeAfterZoomAndDraged             g.drawLineint ed.X1, int ed.Y1, int ed.X2, int ed.Y2                   catch IOException ex              System.out.printlnex.getMessage          finally              try                      mappedByteBufferOut.force             fileChannel.close             randomAccessFile.close             listEdges.clear          catch IOException ex                      System.out.printlnex.getMessage                codepre  pI hope someone can help me.p
Negative 10594 pI am working with Joomla 2.5.16 and use the CCK extension SEBLOD 3.1.5. I have created a content type with an admin form and added the fields to the content. My form includes four images, which are of the buildin type Media.p  pWhen I create a new article of my content type, then I select the four images from the media manager and they appear at the correct position of the sebone template. However I also get the following errorp  precodeNotice Undefined property stdClassimagetitle in      varwww..pluginscckfieldtypoimageimage.php on line 70 Notice Undefined property stdClassimagealt in      varwww..pluginscckfieldtypoimageimage.php on line 71 codepre  pIn the referenced file there is the following codep  precodeimgtitle             fieldgtimagetitle imgdescription       fieldgtimagealt codepre  pWhen I dump the codefieldcode variable I can see that there are no fields named code[imagetitle]code and code[imagealt]code. I have commented out the respective lines for now in the plugin, but I would prefer to find a solution where I can let the user choose an image title and alt description.p  pIf I understand this correctly by default there is no way to enter these fields through the media manager. When I insert an image in a regular article, then I have to the the alt attribute through the WYSIWYG editor. Similarly I am guessing, that there has to be some way to configure SEBLOD such that I can ask the user for an image title and alt description.p  pHere is how I have configured the Field in Seblod img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7Mh5S.png altenter image description herep  pUnder typography I have selected codeImagecodep  pHere is how the field looks like when I create a strongnew article of my content typestrong img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7QNVm.png altenter image description herep  pIf I strongclick on selectstrong there is no field to set the title or alt description img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4af9p.png altenter image description herep  pOn the other hand, when I edit a strongdefault articlestrong type and I click on Add Image then the same modal window for choosing an image opens, but it has fields to enter the title and alt description img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comxxvAJ.png altenter image description herep  pMy question is, what options exist to connect the title and alt attributes for the image using SEBLOD. Is this a configuration problem or a bug in SEBLODp
Negative 10594 pIm not sure what Im missing here. Ive checked the a hrefhttpsnpmjs.orgdocclinpmsearch.html relnofollowdocsa but is there no way to just search for the package name from npm searchp  pRight now Im getting all the package that has the word with the searchterm on it.p  pe.g. codenpm search expresscode brings up all the package with codeexpresscode on their description and name.. even with the regular expression. codenpm search expresscodep  pDo I have to install another npm package for thisp
Negative 10594 pI want to echo rows from codecommentscode table where comments exist made on codeentriescode table. But not show them if comments are empty. My code below currently would show comments made on blog entries but doesnt show them if empty. strongIn other words both blog entries and comments show up but when you echo entries but do not have comments would not even echo anythingstrong The echo statement on the else doesnt even work. Im pretty sure Im doing this all wrong. I have a code where I did.p  precodeif a blog post was made echo all the blog post If you select a particular blog post Echo that particular blog post  if emptypostID    command  select t1.blogID t1blogID, t1.author t1author, t1.date t1date,               t1.entry, t2.commentID, t2.author t2author, t2.date t2date,               t2.comments from tablename t1, tablename2 t2               where t1.blogID  t2.blogID and t1.blogID  postID   result  dbgtquerycommand while data  resultgtfetchobject     I figured Id create a variable here   postID  datagtt1blogID    t1author  datagtt1author   t1date  datagtt1date   entry  datagtentry   commentID  datagtcommentID   t2author  datagtt2author   t2date  datagtt2date   comments  datagtcomments    So I can create this conditional statement     if there is no comment   if emptycommentID     echo ltTRgtltTDgtBlog ID .postID.ltTDgt    echo ltTDgt.t1author.ltTDgt     echo ltTDgt.t1date.ltTDgt     echo ltTDgt.entry.ltTDgtltTRgtn        echo ltTRgtltTDgtComment ID .commentID.ltTDgt     echo ltTDgt.t2author.ltTDgt     echo ltTDgt.t2date.ltTDgt     echo ltTDgt.comments.ltTDgtltTRgtn      else      echo ltTRgtltTDgtBlog ID .postID.ltTDgt     echo ltTDgt.t1author.ltTDgt     echo ltTDgt.t1date.ltTDgt     echo ltTDgt.entry.ltTDgtltTRgtn            resultgtfree codepre
Negative 10594 pi am porting a c project to silverlight windows phone 7. Do you know what is the alternative for TypeHandle.Value for a Type classp  pi cant find Value in the TypeHandle definition.p  pHere is an example from my codep  precodepublic override IEnumerableltMemberInfogt GetSerializableMembersType type      MemberInfo[] properties     if memberCache.TryGetValuetype.TypeHandle.Value, out properties         memberCache.Addtype.TypeHandle.Value, properties  base.GetSerializableMemberstype.ToArray     return properties  codepre  pIt does not compile in WP7 atp  precodetype.TypeHandle.Value     codepre  pand same problem for  attributeType.TypeHandle.Value in this codep  precodeT GetSingleAttributeOrDefaultltTgtPropertyInfo propertyInfo where T  Attribute, new      Type attributeType  typeofT     Attribute attribute     var key  new PointerPairpropertyInfo.GetGetMethod.MethodHandle.Value, attributeType.TypeHandle.Value     if attributeCache.TryGetValuekey, out attribute         attributeCache.Addkey, attribute  base.GetSingleAttributeOrDefaultltTgtpropertyInfo     return attribute as T  codepre  pthanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pI am using jquery datepicker and I have 4 datesstartdate,enddate,publishingdate and departuredate.Here based on startdate I want to disable future dates upto startdate and similarly based on enddate I want to disable past dates from end date. I am not able to do so, tried many option as onSelect but I just cant get the required disabling.Here is my jquery code.p  precodevar dateToday  new Date var dates  startdate, enddate.datepicker     dateFormat yymmdd,     minDate dateToday,     onSelect functionselectedDate          var option  this.id  startdate  minDate  maxDate,         instance  this.datadatepicker,         date  .datepicker.parseDateinstance.settings.dateFormat  .datepicker.defaults.dateFormat, selectedDate, instance.settings         dates.notthis.datepickeroption, option, date        departuredate.datepicker     dateFormat yymmdd,     minDate enddate.datepicker         dateFormat ddmmyy     .val   publishingdate.datepicker     dateFormat yymmdd,     maxDate startdate.datepicker         dateFormat ddmmyy     .val  codepre  pAny suggestionshelp is welcome.Thanks in advance.p  pAlso tried using as follows but to no avail.p  precodepublishingdate.datepicker     dateFormat yymmdd,     maxDate  .datepicker.formatDateyymmdd, startdate.datepickergetDate  codepre
Negative 10594 precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt  int mainint argc, char argv      char str1[30]     char str2[30]     const char jpg[15]  jpg  1     const char png[15]  png  2     char answer1     char answer2      strcpystr1, argv[argc  1]     strcpystr2, str1     answer1  strstrstr1, jpg     answer2  strstrstr2, png     printfanswer  s ,  answer2 s str1, s str2 sn, answer1, answer2, str1, str2       strcmpargv[i], dia  0       if strcmpanswer1,jpg  0          printfsn, answer1       if strcmpanswer2, png  0           printfsn, answer2      if strcmpanswer1, jpg  0  strcmpanswer2, png  0              printfif I have a s gt jpg   or an png gt s then print this else abortn, answer1, answer2          else              printfABORTn           return 0  codepre  pmy outputp  precodetestfiles .a.out oute.png answer  null ,  answer2 png str1, oute.png str2 oute.png Segmentation fault codepre  pwhy am I getting an   strongSegmentation faultstrong lt with that one and one condition is truep  precodetestfiles .a.out oute answer  null ,  answer2 null str1, oute str2 oute Segmentation fault codepre  pI get a   strongSegmentation faultstrong lt with that one and both conditions are false  p  precodetestfiles .a.out oute.jpg answer  jpg ,  answer2 null str1, oute.jpg str2 oute.jpg  yep jpg or yep null,  codepre  pone condition is true there and I get no   strongSegmentation faultstrong ltp  pThe return is suppose to be NULL, so that confuses me. if I get one out of the two conditions then run the program, else abort it. In other words, there can strongonly be onestrong of the two conditions that strongwillstrong be true, else they both strongwillstrong be false. if one or the other one is true then run the program, else abort it. If both are false then abort the program.p  ol liif the first one is false check to see if the second one is true  good  run program.li liif the first one is true check to see if  the second one false  good  run program.li liif the first one is false and the second one is false  bad  abort the program.li ol  pemthe other problem is strongI am not even sure how to write that in C langstrong emp  pBecause if I write it like this, leaving everything else the same in main, just commenting out the other code then run it again.  If the first one equates to true, that being it did strongnotstrong find the strongjpgstrong then it does not check the second one, it should instead Abort regardless if the second condition is true or not. leaving me with, how do I check for both conditions to be true if no then abort in that manner. p  pif one is true then run else abort if both are false. p  precode    if strcmpanswer1,jpg  0 ampamp strcmpanswer2, png  0               printfabortn         abort           printfstill runningn codepre  pI get this,p  precodetestfiles .a.out oute.jpg answer  jpg ,  answer2 null str1, oute.jpg str2 oute.jpg still running codepre  pthe strongjpgstrong was there, yet when I did it with a strongpngstrong i get this. p  precodetestfiles .a.out oute.png answer  null ,  answer2 png str1, oute.png str2 oute.png Segmentation fault codepre  peither way I write it I instead get this   strongSegmentation faultstrong lt WHY If this question confuses you, then that make the two of us, as this makes no sense as to why I am getting a strongSegmentation faultstrong to me. p  pADDEDp  poff the internet  a hrefhttpwww.tutorialspoint.comansiccstrcmp.htm relnofollowhttpwww.tutorialspoint.comansiccstrcmp.htma Examplep  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  int main  char string1[20] char string2[20]  strcpystring1, Hello strcpystring2, Hellooo printfReturn Value is  dn, strcmp string1, string2  strcpystring1, Helloooo  strcpystring2, Hellooo printfReturn Value is  dn, strcmp string1, string2  strcpystring1, Hellooo strcpystring2, Hellooo printfReturn Value is  dn, strcmp string1, string2  return 0    codepre  pIt will proiduce following resultp  pReturn Value is  111    Return Value is  111    Return Value is  0p  pusing char var then coping it with strcpy then taking that pointer and checking to see if it matches. if the two do not match the anything other then a zero 0 will return.p  pchar and int mixed together, if they put a NULL or 0 into the char for a no value retrun, then why in GOD or MANs name didnt they write a function to just ask if that char  has  a NULL or 0 in it then return a zero 0 so all one has to do is call that function in an  if statment if  checkcharfornullvar  giving a zero if NULL and anything esle if not, just like strcmp does when or if it is not NULL p
Negative 10594 pI have 2 Eloquent models Project and Task. They both have deadlines and I have 3 deadlinerelated functions that both classes must have, but I dont want to have duplicated code.p  pThe only solution, I came up with, is to extend Eloquent to some class DeadlineEloquent and extend Project and Task with this new class. But this doesnt sound like the best solution, having the fact that Laravel doesnt have place to store such kind of classes it is not a model, I dont know what it is as far az I know. How would you proceed in this casep
Negative 10594 pI am creating a program where the user teacher enters a bunch of percentage grades, and these grades get analyzed, and an outputBox prints out the average, minmax, range, and the number of grades that are Level R, Level 1, Level 2 and so on.p  pThe problem I am facing is the method which sorts the grades into different levels. When I try to return my array to the main method, and try to print it to my output, I get an error for the array, saying cannot find symbolp  precodeimport java.util.Arrays.    public Integer[] Levels Integer[] levelCount  0,0,0,0,0 int mark  Integer.parseIntmarkInput.getText  int i for i0 iltlevelCount.lengthi       if mark lt50         levelCount[0]  levelCount[0]1          else if mark gt 50 ampamp mark lt60         levelCount[1]  levelCount[1]1          else if mark gt60 ampamp marklt70         levelCount[2]  levelCount[2]1          else if mark gt70ampampmarklt80         levelCount[3]  levelCount[3]1          else if mark gt80 ampamp marklt100         levelCount[4]  levelCount[4]1         return levelCount codepre  pso, when I go to my main method to print out all the information, I am supposed to put the codelevelCountcode array into ANOTHER array, which I did. Here is what I havep  precodeString [] level  nNumber at Level R   LevelslevelCount[0],  nNumber at Level 1  LevelslevelCount[1],  nNumber at Level 2   LevelslevelCount[2],  nNumber at Level 3   LevelslevelCount[3], nNumber at Level 4   LevelslevelCount[4] codepre  pSo my grand dilemma, is that the array codelevelCountcode shows the error codecannot find symbolcode. No matter what I try, I continue getting this error.p  pI feel like the answer is extremely obvious, but I searched online for something that would help me with this problem, and nothing seems to work, I keep getting the same error.p
Negative 10594 pI have a javascript function that sends JSON to my server                                        p  precodesendRoute.liveclick, function               trackCoordsstr  JSON.stringifytrackCoords                finaltimemstr  JSON.stringifyfinaltimem                   finaltimesroundedstr  JSON.stringifyfinaltimesrounded   averspeedkmhroundedstr  JSON.stringifyaverspeedkmhrounded   totalkmroundedstr  JSON.stringifytotalkmrounded   .ajax   url httptest.whirlware.bizserver,                  type POST,   data       route  trackCoordsstr,                      timeInMinutes finaltimemstr,                    timeInSeconds finaltimesroundedstr,     averageSpeed averspeedkmhroundedstr,     distance totalkmroundedstr,   ,   dataType json    codepre  pAnd mix of PHP and JS code that receive and display my JSON datap  precodeltphp route  POST[route] timeInMinutesPOST[timeInMinutes] timeInSecondsPOST[timeInSeconds] averageSpeedPOST[averageSpeed] distancePOST[distance]  trackCoords  jsondecoderoute, false totalkmrounded  jsondecodetimeInMinutes, false finaltimem  jsondecodetimeInSeconds, false finaltimesrounded  jsondecodeaverageSpeed, false averspeedkmhrounded  jsondecodedistance, false  echo trackCoords[coordsarray] echo totalkmrounded echo finaltimem echo finaltimesrounded echo averspeedkmhrounded gt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt var totalkmrounded  ltphp echo totalkmrounded gt document.write   totalkmrounded var finaltimem  ltphp echo finaltimem gt document.write   finaltimem var finaltimesrounded  ltphp echo finaltimesrounded gt document.write   finaltimesrounded var averspeedkmhrounded  ltphp echo averspeedkmhrounded gt document.write   averspeedkmhrounded ltscriptgt codepre  pBut when I send JSON data my server dont display it. Where did I make a mistake  Maybe I can receive JSON another wayp
Negative 10594 pI have a CSV file that has around 30 headers columns and 2000 rows.p  precodeHeaderOne  HeaderTwo  HeaderThree dataRowOne   dataRowOne  dataRowOne dataRowTwo   dataRowTwo  dataRowTwo codepre  pI want to use Python to search for a string, then output that row. So say for example I search for cocaColaIsTheBest and it is in cell E2018, I want Python to print out row 2018 with the headers above it.p  pSo far, ive gotp  precodeimport csv  myExSpreadSheet  csv.readeropenSimon.csv, rb  for row in myExSpreadSheet     if cocaColaIsTheBest in row         print row codepre  pThis prints the row in a dictionary I want it to print the header as well.p  pHow can I print all headersp  pAnd how can I print specific headersp
Negative 10594 pI need to get the connection ID of a client. I know you can get it from the client side using code.connection.hub.idcode. What I need is to get in while in a web service I have which updates records in a database, in turn displaying the update on a web page. I am new to signalR and stackoverflow, so any advice would be appreciated. On my client web page I have thisp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function            Declare a proxy to reference the hub.          var notify  .connection.notificationHub           Create a function that the hub can call to broadcast messages.         notify.client.broadcastMessage  function message              var encodedMsg  ltdiv gt.textmessage.html Html encode display message.             notificationMessageDisplay.appendencodedMsg Add the message to the page.         end broadcastMessage           Start the connection.         .connection.hub.start.donefunction               btnUpdate.clickfunction                   call showNotification method on hub                 notify.server.showNotification.connection.hub.id, TEST status                             End Main function   ltscriptgt codepre  peverything works up until I want to update the page using signalR. The show notification function in my hub is thisp  precodehub function public void showNotificationstring connectionId, string newStatus                    IHubContext context  GlobalHost.ConnectionManager.GetHubContextltnotificationHubgt     string connection  Your connection ID is    connectionIddisplay for testing     string statusUpdate  The current status of your request is   newStatusto be displayed     for testing, you can display the connectionId in the broadcast message     context.Clients.ClientconnectionId.broadcastMessageconnection     statusUpdate end show notification codepre  phow can I send the connectionid to my web servicep  pHopefully Im not trying to do something impossible. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pMy GWT project runs nicely in developement mode but when I put it on server it cant find an XML file.p  pMy file is in codesrcmainwebappcode and when I do mvn install it shows up in codetargetltprojectnamegt1.0SNAPSHOTcodep  pI try to access the file like thisp  precodeFileInputStream inputStream  new FileInputStreamtestobj.xml codepre  pand it throws p  precodejava.io.FileNotFoundException testobj.xml The system cannot find the file specified codepre  preally puzzled by it .. havent found any useful links on this either.p
Negative 10594 pI have a basic understanding of C and the .NET Framework, I have been given an assignment to build a POS Point Of Sales screen, I have currently hit a small brick wall trying to convert a currency related string back to a double.p  pI have two list boxes and several product buttons on the screen, the buttons are populated using a library class provided to us essentially showing we can work with componentsp  pOne list box holds the product name while the other holds the price of that product, when a product button is selected it takes the product name from the buttons text and within its tag there is the price which is added to the list box of prices.p  pmy problem is I want to show the prices in the List Box as a currency also that it shows all 0 I can do this no problem by doing either the followingp  precodevalue.ToStringC string.Format0C,value codepre  por using Convert etc. p  pAlthough because I have done this if I want to remove an item from the list by double clicking I need to take away the price from the total so I need to convert to back to double although because its in its current format I get an error when trying to perform that action I have looked around and I cannot seem to find anyway around it, the only option I can see is just leaving the string value as it is and not convert it to a currency format. p  precodethe ERROR Input string was not in a correct format. codepre  pCode Snippetp  precode private void panelBtnsClickobject sender, EventArgs e              Button panelBtn  Buttonsender          lstProduct.Items.AddpanelBtn.Text          double price  Convert.ToDoublepanelBtn.Tag          gtgtCURRENCY FORMATgtgt lstPrice.Items.Addstring.Format0C,price          dblTotal  dblTotal  Convert.ToDoublepanelBtn.Tag          lblTotal.Text  string.Format0C, dblTotal          lblOutput.Text  0          lblOutput.Tag  0     End Panel Buttons      private void lstProductDoubleClickobject sender, EventArgs e              int index  lstProduct.SelectedIndex          lstPrice.SelectedIndex  lstProduct.SelectedIndex          gtgt ERROR HERE gtgt double price  Convert.ToDoublelstPrice.GetItemTextlstPrice.SelectedItem          dblTotal  dblTotal  price           lstProduct.Items.RemoveAtindex          lstPrice.Items.RemoveAtindex          lblTotal.Text  string.Format0C, dblTotal       codepre  pWould anyone have any idea how I could possibly fix this, I had though about creating an invisible list to store the actual value of the tag so I can use that for later but would there be any other methods p  pNOTE I am also aware that using double for currency is not a very reliable p
Negative 10594 pI have a codeJFramecode with a codeButtoncode that opens a different codeJFramecode.  But I want the button to only open the second frame strongoncestrong.  Problem is, every time I click it I get a new instance of the frame.  This strongmuststrong be a very common problem, since Im following a book on how to create this GUI.  I find it odd that the author didnt mention this feature.p  pSo how do I keep my button from opening multiple copies of the new framep
Negative 10594 pBelow is my code which gives the JSON DATA,p  precodefor int k  0 k lt 4 k                      ListltHMDatagt DataContent  new ListltHMDatagt             for int l  0 l lt 7 l                               ValueLfromList  LValues.ElementAtk  7  l                 ValueIfromList  IValues.ElementAtk  7  l                 ValueBfromList  BValues.ElementAtk  7  l                 DataContent.Addnew HMData  x  ValueLfromList, y  ValueIfromList, z  ValueBfromList                           datalist.AddDataContent           var data  newdatadatalist var series  new [] data var obj  new  chart, series  string result  jSearializer.Serializeobj codepre  poutput I am getting is as follows,p  precode   charttypebubble,   series    [      data        [           [             x7,y7,z49,x7,y7,z49,x7,y9,z63,             x5,y9,z45,x4,y3,z12,x2,y6,z12,             x3,y5,z15           ],           [             x7,y8,z56,x7,y8,z56,x7,y8,z56,             x9,y6,z54,x5,y7,z35,x3,y8,z24,             x4,y3,z12           ],           [             x7,y8,z56,x7,y8,z56,x7,y8,z56,             x8,y7,z56,x5,y7,z35,x3,y7,z21,             x5,y8,z40           ],           [             x3,y7,z21,x3,y7,z21,x5,y2,z10,             x5,y2,z10,x8,y6,z48,x7,y3,z21,             x6,y7,z42           ]         ]            ]    codepre  pBut I want data to be as follows,p  precode charttypebubble, series     [     data[x7,y7,z49,x7,y7,z49,x7,y9,z63,x5,y9,z45,x4,y3,z12,x2,y6,z12,x3,y5,z15],     data[x7,y8,z56,x7,y8,z56,x7,y8,z56,x9,y6,z54,x5,y7,z35,x3,y8,z24,x4,y3,z12],     data[x7,y8,z56,x7,y8,z56,x7,y8,z56,x8,y7,z56,x5,y7,z35,x3,y7,z21,x5,y8,z40],     data[x3,y7,z21,x3,y7,z21,x5,y2,z10,x5,y2,z10,x8,y6,z48,x7,y3,z21,x6,y7,z42]     ]  codepre  pIn short,my 4 data object get store in one data string ,I want to have different data string ...Any idea how I can do this,p
Negative 10594 pi have a string like this..p  precodeltmytaggtone lineltmytaggtltmytaggtsecond line with other tag ltcolorredgtthis words are redltcolorgtltmytaggtltyoutubegtGY7IU5FUltyoutubegt codepre  pHow can i get this..p  precode1  TAG  mytag 1  DATA  one line 2  TAG  mytag 2  DATA  second line with other tag ltcolorredgtthis words is redltcolorgt 3  TAG  youtube 3  DATA  GY7IU5FU codepre  pIm trying with this but not work p  precodelt..lt1gt codepre
Negative 10594 pIs there a way to give back an error if a particular model is deleted in Rails 3.x If its deleted via the web, an error code is given back. If its deleted via console then a message is given with the reason it cant be deleted.p
Negative 10594 pI have below bean. I am using spring 3.x.p  precodepublic class SomeClassltT extends OtherClassltKgt, Kgt       ListltTgt listOfValues  new ArrayListltTgt  some logic   codepre  pHow can i inject list of values into stronglistOfValuesstrong through spring configuration filep  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pIm creating a weblog for my class project right now. Before this I have asked about limit displayed character and someone has helped me out. Right now I have 3 different types of post Articles, QampA and Videos but I put it in a same table. I want to display it by category and has pagination and Ive done that. Inside Category.php I want to display the posts by category and order it by date desc order and if the user click on Read More link, it will redirect them to a new page which contain full article. For example, if the user click on QampAs Read More link, it will redirect them to qnasingle.php, if the user click on Videos Read More link, it will redirect them to videosingle.php.p  pRight now Im using IF statement to get that result. Here is my PHPp  precodeidGET[id] query1  SELECT articles., categories.categoryname FROM articles, categories WHERE articles.articlecategoryidcategories.categoryid AND categories.categoryidid and articles.articletypeid1 ORDER BY articleid DESC LIMIT start, limit result1  mysqlqueryquery1  query2  SELECT articles., categories.categoryname FROM articles, categories WHERE articles.articlecategoryidcategories.categoryid AND categories.categoryidid AND articles.articletypeid2 ORDER BY articleid DESC LIMIT start, limit result2  mysqlqueryquery2  query3  SELECT articles., categories.categoryname FROM articles, categories WHERE articles.articlecategoryidcategories.categoryid AND categories.categoryidid AND articles.articletypeid3 ORDER BY articleid DESC LIMIT start, limit result3  mysqlqueryquery3 codepre  pHere is how I display the resultsp  precodeif query1  display articles while queryrow1  mysqlfetchassocresult1  string1  striptagsqueryrow1[articlecontent] if strlenstring1 gt 500  stringCut1  substrstring1, 0, 500 string1  substrstringCut1, 0, strrposstringCut1,  .... lta hrefarticlesingle.phpid.queryrow1[articleid]. titleview details classmoregtRead Moreltagt   echo ltligt         ltdivgt             lth4gtlta hrefarticlesingle.phpid.queryrow1[articleid]. titleview detailsgt.queryrow1[articletitle].ltagtlth4gt             ltspangt                 Posted in lta href  gt.queryrow1[categoryname].ltagt by lta hrefgtdr.norltagt on lta hrefgt.queryrow1[articledate].ltagt             ltspangt         ltdivgt         ltpgt.string1.ltpgt     ltligt   if query2  display qampa while queryrow2  mysqlfetchassocresult2   string2  striptagsqueryrow2[articlecontent] if strlenstring2 gt 500  stringCut2  substrstring2, 0, 500 string2  substrstringCut2, 0, strrposstringCut2,  .... lta hrefqnasingle.phpid.queryrow2[articleid]. titleview details classmoregtRead Moreltagt   echo ltligt         ltdivgt             lth4gtlta hrefqnasingle.phpid.queryrow2[articleid]. titleview detailsgt.queryrow2[articletitle].ltagtlth4gt             ltspangt                 Posted in lta href  gt.queryrow2[categoryname].ltagt by lta hrefgtdr.norltagt on lta hrefgt.queryrow2[articledate].ltagt             ltspangt         ltdivgt         ltpgt.string2.ltpgt     ltligt   if query3  display video whilequeryrow3mysqlfetchassocresult3  string3  striptagsqueryrow3[articlecontent] if strlenstring3 gt 200  stringCut3  substrstring3, 0, 200 string3  substrstringCut3, 0, strrposstringCut3,  .... lta hrefvideosingle.phpid.queryrow3[articlecontent]. titleview details classmoregtRead Moreltagt   str  ltiframe idplayer typetexthtml width700 height435 srchttpwww.youtube.comembed.queryrow3[articlevideolink]. frameborder0 allowfullscreengtltiframegt echo      ltligt         ltspangtltspangt         ltdivgt             lth4gtlta hrefvideosingle.phpid.queryrow3[articleid]. titleview detailsgt.queryrow3[articletitle].ltagtlth4gt             ltspangt                 Posted in lta href  gt.queryrow3[categoryname].ltagt by lta hrefgtdr.norltagt on lta hrefgt.queryrow3[articledate].ltagt             ltspangt         ltdivgt         ltpgt         echo stripslashesstr         echo ltpgt         ltdiv classh5gtltdivgt         ltpgt.string3.ltpgt     ltligt   codepre  pThe problem is, I want to display it by date no matter if it Article first, Video first or QampA first, but it displayed by type of post Article, QampA, Video. I mean, after Articles loop end order by date desc it will continue to QampA and so on. So, how can I solve this Sorry for my poor English, p
Negative 10594 pI study  microsoft explanation about Service Credentials Negotiation.. but i dont understand What is Service Credentials Negotiation and when we should use itp
Negative 10594 pI am using jquery to dynamically place content based on screen resolution. If the resolution is below 800px in width I want to adjust the elements as necessary but when the window is resized above 800px in width I want the css styles that are already defined in by external css file to be applied to the elements again. I can go through and change everything back again manually but it seems redundant. Is there an object oriented css trick or jquery function that I could use to do thisp  pExamplep  precode    window.resizefunction              ifthis.resizeTO              clearTimeoutthis.resizeTO         this.resizeTO  setTimeoutfunction                       ifwindow.innerWidth lt 800                              usernameDisplay.csstop 50px, right50, marginright   usernameDisplay.width2  px, paddingtop0px                    headerBack.cssheight, 95px                 userMenuContainer.csstop 95px, right50, marginright   userMenuContainer.width2  px                          else                              usernameDisplay.csstop 0px, right0, marginright 0, paddingtop10px                   headerBack.cssheight, 55px                 userMenuContainer.csstop 110px, right0, marginright 0                      , 200      codepre
Negative 10594 pI have below sql export from codeMicrosoft SQL Severcode and I tried to import into codeMysqlcode running by codeApachecode in osx. I got an Sql syntax error from line 1. I am new and I actually have never seen the sql using code[ ]code as quote fot string. p  ul liMay I ask is the sql different from Sql Server in Windows and the Mysql in Apacheli liIf I want to import below database into mysql, what should I check and look atli ul  pThank you very much for your adversesp  pBest regards,p  precodeUSE [boatexpress] GO  Object  Schema [boatexpress]    Script Date 07222013 141507  CREATE SCHEMA [boatexpress] AUTHORIZATION [boatexpress] GO  Object  Table [dbo].[waybill111]    Script Date 07222013 141507  SET ANSINULLS ON GO SET QUOTEDIDENTIFIER ON GO CREATE TABLE [dbo].[waybill111]     [id] [int] IDENTITY1,1 NOT NULL,     [slAAECode] [nvarchar]100 NULL,     [slProductName] [ntext] NULL,     [slRecName] [nvarchar]50 NULL,     [slRecMobi] [nvarchar]50 NULL,     [slRecAddress] [nvarchar]255 NULL,     [slZipCode] [nvarchar]50 NULL,     [slweight] [float] NULL,     [ktype] [nvarchar]50 NULL,     [worth] [nvarchar]150 NULL,     [adminid] [int] NULL,     [addtime] [date] NULL,     [insurance] [nvarchar]50 NULL,  CONSTRAINT [PKwaybill] PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED       [id] ASC WITH PADINDEX   OFF, STATISTICSNORECOMPUTE   OFF, IGNOREDUPKEY  OFF, ALLOWROWLOCKS   ON, ALLOWPAGELOCKS   ON ON [PRIMARY]  ON [PRIMARY] TEXTIMAGEON [PRIMARY] GO codepre
Negative 10594 pLets say I have this text p  precodeantianti barbary barberbarber codepre  pHow can I match other occurences of the first 2 letters in each of those words, for example codeanancode in the first word and codebabacode in the second one  I was trying to get it with p  precodew2gm codepre  pPlus codencode or code2code but to no eval. Any tips what am I doing wrong here p
Negative 10594 pIm developing my first app over PhoneGap and Im really stuck with very frustrating plugin issues.p  pIll explain the problem with samples from Phonegap Docs in order to avoid code issues on my side. This is the workflow Im following for create the app from scratch and add the pluginsp  precode phonegap create helloworld com.phonegap.helloworld HelloWorld [phonegap] created project at ...PhonegapDevhelloworld  cd helloworld  cordova platform add ios Creating ios project... Preparing ios project  cordova platform add android Creating android project... Preparing android project  cordova plugin add org.apache.cordova.dialogs Fetching plugin from org.apache.cordova.dialogs... Starting installation of org.apache.cordova.dialogs for android Preparing android project org.apache.cordova.dialogs installed on android. Starting installation of org.apache.cordova.dialogs for ios Preparing ios project org.apache.cordova.dialogs installed on ios.  cordova plugin add org.apache.cordova.splashscreen Fetching plugin from org.apache.cordova.splashscreen... Starting installation of org.apache.cordova.splashscreen for android Preparing android project org.apache.cordova.splashscreen installed on android. Starting installation of org.apache.cordova.splashscreen for ios Preparing ios project org.apache.cordova.splashscreen installed on ios. codepre  pOnce Ive got this basic phonegapgenerated app, I change the contents in the file wwwindex.html for the example code from Phonegap documentation about SplashScreen pluginp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt   ltheadgt     lttitlegtSplashscreen Examplelttitlegt      ltscript typetextjavascript charsetutf8 srccordova.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript charsetutf8gt       Wait for device API libraries to load          document.addEventListenerdeviceready, onDeviceReady, false       device APIs are available          function onDeviceReady          navigator.notification.alertAlert works         navigator.splashscreen.show           ltscriptgt   ltheadgt   ltbodygt     lth1gtExamplelth1gt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pand compile the app withp  precode cordova build Generating config.xml from defaults for platform android Preparing android project Generating config.xml from defaults for platform ios Preparing ios project Compiling app on platform android via command UsersifernandezDuonetDevPhonegapDevhelloworldplatformsandroidcordovabuild  Compiling app on platform ios via command UsersifernandezDuonetDevPhonegapDevhelloworldplatformsioscordovabuild  Platform android compiled successfully. Platform ios compiled successfully. codepre  pNow, when I test the app with Ripple Emulator, the alert shows correctly, but the call to splashscreen.show always returnp  pUncaught TypeError Cannot call method show of undefined p  pso looks like the app is not finding the splashscreen plugin despite all looks correct inside plugins folder.p  pWhy this simple example does not work Are my workflow missing some step Missing aditional configuration Can some plugins be checked and debugged in Ripple and others not...p  pIve passed last couple of days trying to find out where is the problem without luck...p  pThanks in advance...p
Negative 10594 pI have my scrapy bot running on two different systems. One of them is working properly while the other one isnt. Theyre identical copies. When I use t csv o data.csv, I get the following traceback.p  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File homescraper.pythonbinscrapy, line 4, in ltmodulegt     execute   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycmdline.py, line 143, in execute     runprinthelpparser, runcommand, cmd, args, opts   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycmdline.py, line 89, in runprinthelp     funca, kw   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycmdline.py, line 150, in runcommand     cmd.runargs, opts   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycommandscrawl.py, line 50, in run     self.crawlerprocess.start   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycrawler.py, line 92, in start     if self.startcrawling   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycrawler.py, line 124, in startcrawling     return self.startcrawler is not None   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycrawler.py, line 139, in startcrawler     crawler.configure   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycrawler.py, line 46, in configure     self.extensions  ExtensionManager.fromcrawlerself   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapymiddleware.py, line 50, in fromcrawler     return cls.fromsettingscrawler.settings, crawler   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapymiddleware.py, line 31, in fromsettings     mw  mwcls.fromcrawlercrawler   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycontribfeedexport.py, line 162, in fromcrawler     o  clscrawler.settings   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycontribfeedexport.py, line 144, in init     if not self.storagesupportedself.urifmt   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycontribfeedexport.py, line 214, in storagesupported     self.getstorageuri   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycontribfeedexport.py, line 225, in getstorage     return self.storages[urlparseuri.scheme]uri   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesscrapycontribfeedexport.py, line 70, in init     self.path  fileuritopathuri   File homescraper.pythonlibpython2.7sitepackagesw3liburl.py, line 141, in fileuritopath     uripath  moves.urllib.parse.urlparseuri.path AttributeError Modulesixmovesurllibparse object has no attribute urlparse codepre
Negative 10594 pI am making my first Angular app and Im trying to figure out how to use the errors displayed in the console to figure out where in my code things are breaking. Here is an example console errorp  precodeError [injectorunpr] Unknown provider HomeProvider lt Home httperrors.angularjs.org1.2.5injectorunprp0HomeProvider203C20Home     at httprecipeapplibangularangular.js7812     at httprecipeapplibangularangular.js351919     at Object.getService [as get] httprecipeapplibangularangular.js364639     at httprecipeapplibangularangular.js352445     at getService httprecipeapplibangularangular.js364639     at invoke httprecipeapplibangularangular.js366813     at Object.instantiate httprecipeapplibangularangular.js368923     at httprecipeapplibangularangular.js671428     at link httprecipeapplibangularangularroute.js89726     at nodeLinkFn httprecipeapplibangularangular.js616813 ltdiv ngview classfullscreen ngscopegt  codepre  pSee how all the line numbers refer to lines within the angular.js file and not my source files That leaves me guessing where my error is. p  pNote Im not looking for a solution to this specific error. Im trying to figure out in general how to find the source of these errors using Angular.p  pIve installed Batarang already, but thats not showing me this error at all. Also, a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma206743041270171other SO answersa show you how to manually log error information to the console by inserting code in specific places, but that assumes I have a general idea where its coming from. p  pThanks in advance, sorry for being dim.    p
Negative 10594 pFor a given list of points that make a line I want to compute the length of it. For example forp  precode[1,0,5,6,9,6,5,2] codepre  pthese are just a list of connected points. How can I have an automated method for computing them the code that create the linestringp  precodeimport math class Pointobject     def initself, x, y         self.x  x         self.y  y  class LineStringPoint     def initself, points          self.pointspoints         self.points  []         for point in points             if not isinstancepoint, Point                 point  Pointpoint             self.points.appendpoint     if name  main      Tests for LineString           lin1  LineString1, 1, 0, 2       assert lin1.length  math.sqrt2.0 codepre
Negative 10594 pIm having a relation between my activities and clients called Activityclientoriginal, huhp  pWhenever I try to spec my Activity.rb through FactoryGirl I get p  precode 1 Activity has valid factory     FailureError expectFactoryGirl.buildactivity.to bevalid     NoMethodError       undefined method stringifykeys for ltActivityclient0x73498b0gt      .appmodelsactivity.rb52in block in activityclients      .appmodelsactivity.rb48in each      .appmodelsactivity.rb48in activityclients      Cin object      .specmodelsactivityspec.rb5in block 2 levels in lttop requiredgt codepre  pMy activity Factory isp  precodeFactoryGirl.define do     factory activity do         title  Activity          groupid  1          url  httpwww.abc.com          activityclients [FactoryGirl.createactivityclient]         client FactoryGirl.createclient     end end codepre  pAnd my Activityclient factoryp  precodeFactoryGirl.define do     factory activityclient do         startdate Date.parse20130513 120000         enddate Date.parse20130513 121500         groupid  1      end end codepre  pWhat am I doing wrongp  pThanks in advance,p  pstrongeditstrong Editted after Vees suggestion. Same error thoughp
Negative 10594 pWhat do I need to link to, so that I can use PyInitilize and PySimpleString and stuff in Cp  pI am using vs 2012 on windows 7 64 bit. I am compiling to win32I think and I have the 32bit python33. I did look through the Python Documentation, but there wasnt anything that I could find about compiling and linking for windows, just for linux.p  pSo how do I link to pythonp  pDo I need to use an external library to embed Python in my C applicationp  pI am planning to use a c app to be the launcher, to start the python script which calls a different classmodule. I am still learning Python, but I know some C.p
Negative 10594 pI have an array of string values which represent some events I want to subscribe top  precode[M123, M255,M345, M938...] localMatchStore  could be of any length codepre  pI want to create a new socket.io connection for each value in the array with a dynamic name e.g socketM123, socketM255, socketM345, socketM938.p  pI then need to reference each new socket connection so that I can subscribe to the event name in my array. I need a distinct socket connection for each event.p  precodevar localMatchStore [] for var i in data.matches      if data.matches.hasOwnPropertyi localMatchStore.pushdata.matches[i]  codepre  pHow do I create a new object with a dynamic name for each array entryp  pI want to end of with a number of socket connections e.g.p  precodevar socket  io.connecthttpserverport socket1.emitsubscribe,  myid M123 codepre
Negative 10594 pI know that codep  precodeleftDev.cssbackgroundimage, urlimg1.png  codepre  pwill make a whole background of my leftDiv filled with 1.png, but I need to set it as a regular picture, in certain position not in entire div as a background. How can i do thisp
Negative 10594 pPlease Look at the following code only the last image moves.  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netu8Bg3 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netu8Bg3ap  pBut second one  works a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netu8Bg31 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netu8Bg31ap  pAs pointed by the Er144 even this works with jquery  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netu8Bg314 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netu8Bg314ap  pI also found out appendchild works but not innerhtmlp  pThe difference between two is that in first one html exits in second one its dynamically createdp  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltbodygt     ltdiv classracetrack idracetrackgtltdivgt     ltdiv idtracktmpl classhidegt         ltdiv classtrackgtltdiv idplayer x  classrunnergtltdivgtltdivgt     ltdivgt ltbodygt codepre  pstrongJSstrongp  precodevar position  [0,40,80,120,80],     racetrack  document.getElementByIdracetrack     tracktmpl  document.getElementByIdtracktmpl.innerHTML   function Playersele, ptimeout      this.el  ele     this.i  0     this.iterations  0     this.stop  0     this.timeout  ptimeout     this.position  0      this.animate  function         ifthis.i  0             this.movethis.position  5, this.i                  ifthis.stop             ifthis.i lt 5                 setTimeoutfunctionthis                                  this.i                     this.animate                 ,this.timeout,this                          ifthis.i5                 this.iterations                  ifthis.iterations lt 50                     this.i  0                     this.animate                                  else                     this.el.style.backgroundPosition  120px 0px                                                   this.start  function         this.stop  0         this.animate           this.move  functionto,positionIndex         this.position  to         this.el.style.backgroundPosition  position[positionIndex]px 0px         this.el.style.webkitTransform  translatetopx         this.el.style.mozTransform  translatetopx        function GamenoOfPlayers      this.noOfPlayers  noOfPlayers      this.players  new Array      for var i  0 i lt this.noOfPlayers  i         racetrack.innerHTML  racetrack.innerHTML  tracktmpl.replace x , i         this.players.pushnew Playersdocument.getElementByIdplayer  i, 120  i          issue here with dynamic added content            this.start  function         for var i  0 i lt this.noOfPlayers i             this.players[i].start                 var game  new Game3 game.start codepre  pstrongWhy is that in dynamically added html only the last one movesstrongp
Negative 10594 pI need to create a table in SQLite for android where the AutoIncrement value starts from a specific value and not form 1, for example 100.p  pHere is an example of the create statement CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS ESTADO IDESTADO INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT NOT NULL,DESCRIPCION varchar45 DEFAULT NULLp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pThe URL follows the following schemep  precodeschemedomainportpathquerystringfragmentid codepre  pbut a search for stringp  blockquote   pbetter flight searchp blockquote  presult in the following urlp  precodehttpswww.google.co.inqbetterflightsearch codepre  paccording to the url scheme codecode is followed by fragment. Correct me if I am wrong but fragments are not send to the server then how does google show search results.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to use jQuery to retrieve a local JSON feed. p  pFor some reason, this below works with an external url, but not with localhost49171. Not sure what Im doing wrong. p  pThanksp  precodevar url  httplocalhost49171Service1.svcGetAllHomePageLineItems   .jsonp       url url,       callbackParameter callback,       cache true,       dataType json,       success onSuccess,       error function           onError              function onError    alerterror   function onSuccessdata    alertdata  codepre
Negative 10594 pI try to use codeautoreleasepoolcode in a codedispatchasynccode block, but codeit doesnt release the strcode. When timerEvent is repetitively called, it will lead to a emrun out of memoryem problem.p  precode voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]     [NSTimer scheduledTimerWithTimeInterval0.0001 targetself selectorselectortimerEvent userInfonil repeatsYES]   voidtimerEvent      dispatchasyncdispatchgetglobalqueueDISPATCHQUEUEPRIORITYBACKGROUND, 0,           autoreleasepool               NSString str [NSString stringWithFormatd and d,px,py]              NSLogstr                  codepre  pThank you for your help.p  p Solved  Thanks to CXp  pThe timer interval has been set too small. In my case, I find it should be at least 0.004. Now, it works.p
Negative 10594 pI need your help,p  pHow can the CSS be modified such that it would allow the current todays date to be a in bold fontp  pI thought that this would be the correct style, but for some reason, it is not workingp  precode.uidatepickertoday      fontweight bold  codepre
Negative 10594 pUsing vert.x in Java,br I would like use a worker module  EBean ORM  in a standard moduleevent loop by declaring the include in mod.json or better setting the ebean module as systemmodule.p  pWill this block the event loop and so should i only use the eventbus insteadp
Negative 10594 pExample of file exercise based on itunes xml file p  precodeltplist version1.0gt ltdictgt     ltkeygtMajor Versionltkeygtltintegergt1ltintegergt     ltkeygtMinor Versionltkeygtltintegergt1ltintegergt     ...     ltdictgt               ltkeygt219ltkeygt         ltdictgt             ltkeygtTrack IDltkeygtltintegergt219ltintegergt             ltkeygtNameltkeygtltstringgtRubyltstringgt             ...             ltkeygtTrack Numberltkeygtltintegergt1ltintegergt             ltkeygtTrack Countltkeygtltintegergt11ltintegergt             ltkeygtYearltkeygtltintegergt2010ltintegergt             ltkeygtDate Modifiedltkeygtltdategt20100828T101604Zltdategt             ltkeygtDate Addedltkeygtltdategt20100830T194027Zltdategt             ...         ltdictgt         ltkeygt243ltkeygt         ltdictgt             ltkeygtTrack IDltkeygtltintegergt223ltintegergt             ltkeygtNameltkeygtltstringgtNo More Mr Nice Guyltstringgt             ...             ltkeygtTrack Numberltkeygtltintegergt1ltintegergt             ltkeygtTrack Countltkeygtltintegergt11ltintegergt             ltkeygtYearltkeygtltintegergt2005ltintegergt             ltkeygtDate Modifiedltkeygtltdategt20100828T101754Zltdategt             ltkeygtDate Addedltkeygtltdategt20100830T201413Zltdategt             ...         ltdictgt codepre  pI need to use XPath 1.0 I need to get the name of the oldest tracks comparing the element Year But I dont know how to get the min year, after have done the request to get all the year elementp  precodeplistdictdictdictinteger[.precedingsiblingkeyYear][1] codepre  pIs there anyone who can help mep  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pSuppose codemyFunctioncode is used in both codeMainActivitycode and codeMyBroadcastReceivercode classes. Right now, I am just setting myFunction as a codepublic staticcode method from MainActivity, so in MyBroadcastReceiver I just call the function as codeMainActivity.myfunctioncode. I am not sure whether this is an accepted practice and I hope someone could shed some light for me.p
Negative 10594 pI have two models  Part belongsto Category p  pIn this scenario is it possible to take this queryp  precodePart.joinscategory.wherecategories.name  cars.first codepre  pAnd create a hashed variation of it Ive seen stuff like thisp  precodePart.wherecategories name cars codepre  pHowever the SQL it generates for the two are pretty different. If big if Im not doing anything wrong here, then why does the hashd version not work in this case And what are the relationships in which it is intended to work in p  pIn case it helps here are my modelsp  pCategory Modelp  precodeclass Category lt ActiveRecordBase   hasmany parts end codepre  pParts Modelp  precodeclass Part lt ActiveRecordBase   belongsto category end codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to get some data from a server using JavaScript and XMLHttpRequest. The PHP file works every time after refresh F5 if I view it in the browser. The PHP file is calling a function in a DLL using the new DOTNET method. The function is just a simple one returning a string Message sent fromTestPHP.dll version 3.p  pIf I call the same PHP file using XMLHttpRequest and javascript it Always works the first time but not the second time. Every second time I receive an Error callback the trird, fifth, ...time works.p  pEvery time the request fails I receive this Error in the Apache Logp  precode[Sun Feb 09 012251.203412 2014] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 4928tid 400] AH00428 Parent child process 7992 exited with status 3221225477  Restarting. codepre  pThe error back to the eventhandler in JavaScript I dont know much about. It says its an Array but I only see Error callback, no other message. On error I can see that I never receive a hrefhttpwww.w3schools.comajaxajaxxmlhttprequestonreadystatechange.asp relnofollowReadyStatea 2 and 3 only 1 and 4. When it works I have ReadyState 14.p  pIm using  WAMP with Apache 2.4.4 and PHP 5.4.12 on Win7 64 bit.p  pI dont have any experience using PHP and .NET DLL so sorry for any bad explanation about this problem. I did find a similar a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16137895phpdotnetloadingthrowserroreveryotherpageloadposta but no answer there. p  pI dont know what to do or try anymore so any help would me much appreciated, p  pThanksp  pThe PHP filep  precodeltphp headerContentType texthtml charsetUTF8 assemblystring  TestPHP, Version1.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken8e6ebad0ae1c1438 classname  TestPHP.TestPHP PHPAsm  new DOTNETassemblystring, classname Result  PHPAsmgtTest echo Result codepre  pp  pPart of the JavaScriptp  precodeinvocation.openPOST, PHPUrl  t  Math.random, true invocation.onreadystatechange  handler invocation.addEventListenererror, functione      alertError callback  objToStringe , false invocation.setRequestHeaderContentType, textplain charsetUTF8 invocation.sendPostData codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to use Slick with a column that has a user defined type an enumeration. All is working until I try to write a query that uses the column. p  pWhen compiling I get an error on the following methodp  precodedef findCredentialscredentialTypeCredentialTypeimplicit session Session List[Credential]       val query  for        c lt credentials if c.credentialType  credentialType      yield c     query.list  codepre  pHere is the errorp  precode[error] ... value  is not a member of          scala.slick.lifted.Column[models.domain.enumeration.CredentialType.CredentialType] [error]       c lt credentials if c.credentialType  credentialType codepre  pThe enumeration code is herep  precodeobject CredentialType extends Enumeration    type CredentialType  Value   val Password, Token  Value  codepre  pThe table definition is herep  precodecase class Credentialid Long, userId Long, credentialType CredentialType  class Credentialstag Tag extends Table[Credential]tag, credential    implicit val credentialTypeColumnType  MappedColumnType.base[CredentialType, String]      c gt c.toString ,      s gt CredentialType.withNames      def id  column[Long]id, O.PrimaryKey, O.AutoInc   def userId  column[Long]userid   def credentialType  column[CredentialType]type   def   id, userId, credentialType ltgt Credential.tupled, Credential.unapply  codepre  pIve googled a number of other questions but theyre either not for slick 2.x.x or do not involve Enumeration types.p  pMy question is, do I need to define the  operator somewhere for enumeration types, or is there a simpler way using current slick 2.0.0 functionality that Im missingp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to add Facebook share button to my chrome extension popup.html, but its not easy to do so because of the CSP.p  pI know i can define contentsecuritypolicy in my manifest.js, but i couldnt find the right way.p  pI didnt find an answer on Google or on a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comStackoverflow.comap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20645651howtoloadgoogleanalyticsandfacebooksdkinchromeextensionthis answer didnt workap  pAny suggestionp
Negative 10594 pI want that to create a process where the users can upload their images and then edit them in the browser in a Canvas with Fabric.js using some buttons wich uses Fabric.js to add some effects.p  pI cant make it work. My HTML isp  precodeltform iduploadImg runatservergt   ltinput typefile iduploadedImggt ltformgt ltcanvas idcanvasgtltcanvasgt codepre  pThe Javascript is the followingp  precodevar canvas  new fabric.Canvascanvas canvas.setHeight480 canvas.setWidth640  uploadedImg.changefunction       var imgData  this.files[0]     fabric.util.loadImageimgData, functionimg          var oImg  new fabric.Imageimg         oImg.scale0.2.set             left 100,             top 100,              canvas.addoImg        codepre
Negative 10594 pA project i am currently working on requires the implementation of a google map with multiple markers with multiple info boxes. Referencing the map API this seemed like a good starting pointp  pa hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.commapsdocumentationjavascriptexamplesiconcomplex relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.commapsdocumentationjavascriptexamplesiconcomplexap  pSo i used this code as a base and built on from there. Now the bit i am stuck on is adding a unique infobox to each marker. here is my sourcep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netjackthedevasK5v1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netjackthedevasK5v1ap  pas you can see i am trying to call the first element of which ever object in the array is selected which works perfectly for the lat, long and title just not the contentstring variable. p  precodefor var i  0 i lt locations.length i       var office  locations[i]     var myLatLng  new google.maps.LatLngoffice[1], office[2] works here     var infowindow  new google.maps.InfoWindowcontent contentString      var contentString           ltdiv idcontentgt         ltdiv idsiteNoticegt         ltdivgt         lth1 idfirstHeading classfirstHeadinggt office[0]  lth1gt doesnt work here         ltdiv idbodyContentgt          ltdivgt         ltdivgt      var infowindow  new google.maps.InfoWindowcontent contentString      var marker  new google.maps.Marker         position myLatLng,         map map,         icon globalPin,         title office[0], works here           google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, function          infowindow.setContentcontentString          infowindow.openmap,this       codepre  pTo see what i am trying to explain just simply click on each of the markers on the demo above and you will see the an infobox popup with the title of China. for some reason its grabbing the first element of the last object for every marker.p  pWhat i am trying to achieve is that all infoboxes are unique to there marker if that makes sense So when i click on a marker in Singapore an infobox will popup with the title of Singapore using the array objects i have previously defined.p  pThanks and i hope i have been clear enoughp  hr
Negative 10594 p[Solved] I want to drag some DataGridViewRows from a DataGridView, contained in a TabPage, to another DataGridView also contained in another TabPage. I have set the DataGridViews Event a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1620947howcouldidraganddropdatagridviewrowsundereachotherHow could I Drag and Drop DataGridView Rows under each othera, but i dont know how I can navigate between TabPages  p
Negative 10594 pHey all ive been scowering the internet for days now, ive also been reading up on this etc and i am in desperate need of help. I am writing a 2D game and I need the background to move and my character will be stationary and hell jump over stuff.p  pIf anyone can push me in the right direction or even provide a snippet of code i would be more than greatful. p
Negative 10594 pI have a string which I would like to turn into a dict. p  pmy stringp  precodeminmax  min   minallvalueslist  ,   max   maxallvalueslist codepre  poutputp  precodemin 29.47, max 35.96 codepre  pI imagined that the following code would work but it failedp  precodeminmax  dictmin   minallvalueslist  ,   max   maxallvalueslist codepre  pErrorp  precodeValueError dictionary update sequence element 0 has bad length 2 is required codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a xml file and I would like to validate it with a DTD.p  pFor that, I included the DTD link in the XMLp  precodeltDOCTYPE article SYSTEM httpdtd.nlm.nih.gov1.1journalpublishing.dtdgt codepre  pAnd then didp  precodedom  new DOMDocument domgtloadHTMLxml  if domgtvalidate      echo This document is validnexit  else      vardumpNot OKexit  codepre  pThe problem is that I am getting this warning messagep  precodeWarning DOMDocumentvalidatehttpwww.w3.orgTRREChtml40loose.dtd failed to open stream HTTP request failed HTTP1.0 500 Server Error codepre  pAny idea Thank you.p
Negative 10594 pI need help to figure out a logicp  pSo, lets say I have a string, and whenever there is a Char repeated inside that codestringcode, I need to replace it with a codeCharcode  codesequence of numbercode.p  pFor examplep  pOriginal String codeabcdefgabfabccodep  pExpected output codeabcdefga2b2f2a3b3c2codep  blockquote   blockquote     pa occurs 3 times, so the first a remains as a, but the second a becomes a2, and the third a becomes a3 and the same goes to other chars like b, b2, b3...p   blockquote blockquote
Negative 10594 pSo, right now, in my Main.storyboard, I have a View Controller well call S B View Controller. I added another view controller, which is called View Controller. How do I make it so that when a user presses a button, it will go from S B View controller to View Controller Or, is this not how Im supposed to to something like thisp  pSorry if you dont understand this just tell me if you dontp  hr  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pi have an array of multiple rows and 5 columnsfixed , i need to save values dynamicallyin loop I did this thing.p  precodefor i from 1 to n do     Ai,[var1 var2 var3 var4 var5] endfor codepre  pBut it gives error. Anyone who knows the solution, Please help me.. Thank youp
Negative 10594 pIm working on a search function that can show partial result according to your search variable. p  pFor example we are looking for a word strongabcdestrong. p  pWe have records of strings like p  pioqwepasaeabr  uhabcsdwe br  ewqabcde br  abcfeqs br cdeeqweep  pSo the results should show uhemabcemsdwe  ewqemabcdeem emabcemfeqs  emcdeemeqweep  pIs this possible using Jquery Thank you in advancep
Negative 10594 pI use codefajaxcode inside codehinputTextcode to call on a backing bean method that executes a search based on the input, with a delayp  precodelthinputText     ...gt     ltfajax          delay500          eventkeyup         listenercc.attrs.completeMethod         oneventfunctiondatamx.util.onCompletedata, mx.ezOverlay.handle gt lthinputTextgt codepre  pNow Id like to somehow NOT send requests for every key  specifically not arrow keys, which I use to navigate a drop down list with the results.p  pI know how to do this through binding a codejQuerycode event listener to the input, manually check which key was used and having a timer on concert with codePrimeFaces RemoteCommandcode to handle delay and call to method. p  pMy question is if theres a way to avoid sending ajax request for certain keys, e.g. SHIFT, CTRL and ARROW keys when using codefajaxcode. Or maybe theres a much better way to handle delays with the goal of not sending every keystroke to the backing bean  not search database for every keystroke.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to FQL query comments, made by my on photos my friends were tagged in.p  precodeSELECT text FROM comment WHERE objectid IN  SELECT objectid FROM phototag WHERE subject IN SELECT uid1 FROM friend WHERE uid2  me  AND fromidme LIMIT 1000 codepre  pThe query in it self works fine on the Graph API Explorer. When i am on the Graph API Explorer, and then choose my app to run the query the result comes up empty, were the Graph API App returns results.p  pAny ideas on this I have noted that other people have had this issue. But there seems to be no fix for it I am wondering if people just gave up. Because i have also been at it for a while without any solutions.p  pI will limit the query, so it dosent look back more than 3 months, but for now its not so i am sure i get some data.p
Negative 10594 pI am a newcomer to OpenCV, currently using OpenCV2.4.8. I have 2 source files one is the main, and the other is compiled as a shared lib which is called by the main.cpp.p  pWhen I try to print the frame.depth in the main after getting the frame from a web cam, it returns 0  which should be CV8U however, when I pass it to the shared lib, it returns 1 on the depth call. I havent changed anything on the Mat. Could anyone help to explain why the depth and type are changed after being passed to the lib am I passing the reference incorrectly p  pThanks in advance.p  pDickp  pHere is the source code for Main.cppp  precodeusing namespace cv  void onMouseint event, int x ,int y, int flags,void param  int mainint argc,char argv        VideoCapture cap1        Mat frame        Mat grey        double width        double height         namedWindowWebCam,1        cvSetMouseCallbackWebCam,onMouse,NULL        width  cap.getCVCAPPROPFRAMEWIDTH        height  cap.getCVCAPPROPFRAMEHEIGHT        grey  Matheight,width,CV8UC1        while1                   cap gtgt frame                   printfframe.depth dn,frame.depth  it will return 0                   printfframe.type dn,frame.type   it will return 16                   preprocessingframe,grey  pass to share lib                   imshowWebCam,grey                   ifcvWaitKey1gt0                             break                                   cvDestroyWindowWebCam         return 0  codepre  pHere is the Source for preprocess.cpp it is compiled to libpreprocess.sop  precodevoid preprocessingconst Mat ampimgSrc,Mat ampresultImg      printfimgSrc.depth dn,imgSrc.depth  here, it will return 1     printfimgSrc.type dn,imgSrc.type  here it will return 1  codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to color code a series of lines in a plot based on the python module datetime. Ive tried mapping the the datetime data as a numpy array to RGBA using ScalarMappable however, Im running into difficulties. Please find a segment of the code belowp  precodeimport datetime as dt     import matplotlib.pyplot as plt import matplotlib.cm as mplcm import matplotlib.colors as colors  clmap      jet cm         plt.getcmapclmap iDT        dt.datetime2012,1,1,0,0,0 fDT        dt.datetime2012,1,2,0,0,0 cNorm      colors.Normalize vminiDT, vmaxfDT  scalarMap  mplcm.ScalarMappable normcNorm, cmapcm  scalarMap.setarrayretDays          fig,ax  plt.subplots ax.setcolorcycle [scalarMap.torgbax for x in retDays]   codepre  pWhere retDays is a numpy array of datetime values.p  pI get the following error when using setcolorcyclep  precodeValueError setting an array element with a sequence. codepre  pYour help is greatly appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI have just completed my first App and I am using Admob to publish adverts. But before I upload to the google play store I have been testing on my device. Everything was going ok until later this evening, when Admob starting advertising adult content.p  pThere any way to disable this, I dont want to get my account disabled if someone downloads my Apps and takes offence at my App. And for some reason it also seems to display the same adult content.p  pUnder App Settings I have these enabledp  ul liUse keywordtargeted ads and Google certified ad networks GCANs to improve fill rateli liAllow the use of 1 related features and social annotations in adsli ul  pUnder Ad filter I have this settingp  ul liAge Appropriate Ads which is turned offli ul  pIm using Android Studio 0.4.6.p
Negative 10594 pIs there a best practice at this point Ill take a halfdecent practice for adding a new item to a knockout observableArray when using a bootstrap 3 modal  Currently Im working with a deeply nested data structure and Ive been able to add data down to a point. I have a bootstrap modal that is bound to a selectedItem on my view model.  The item is itself a member of an observableArray.  This works when I want to edit an existing item but fails when I try to add a new item.  The process Im following is to new up the object I want to add all observable properties, set the viewModels SelectedItem property  the new object so the with binding in the modal works, then I push the new item to the observableArray and show the modal.  In the modal I add values to a few properties, including populating three observableArrays on the new item which also fail at this point, probably the same problem and close the modal. Whats odd is that adding the new item only fails visually.  When I save the viewmodel back to the server and reload the page, the item that I just added is there now and renders properly.  I assume that Im breaking the observableArray that Im adding the object to, but Im at my wits end trying to figure out how.  Ive tried to make this into a fiddle, but because of the complexity I end up having to simplify it to the point that it works or that Im no longer illustrating the behavior.  Any suggestions on troubleshooting beyond what Ryan Niemeyer suggests a hrefhttpwww.knockmeout.net201306knockoutdebuggingstrategiesplugin.html relnofollowherea are welcome  When I use the pre tag I can see the new data added to the observableArray, but the UI doesnt respond.  Whats a guy to dop  pEDIT the relevant portion of the page is posted below.p  pViewp  precodeltdiv idSchedulePanel classpanel paneldefault gt styleshowSchedulegt      ltdiv classpanelheadinggt         lth3gtPlan Schedulelth3gt         lta classbtn btnprimary btnsm databindvisible scheduleDirty stylemarginleft 10px marginbottom 7pxgtSave Allltagt         ltdivgt             Add             ltinput idnumWeeks typetext classformcontrol placeholdernumber value1 gt             lta idbtnAddWeek classbtn btnprimary databindclick addWeekgtWeeksltagt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classpanelbodygt         ltdiv idScheduledInstructionsgt             Click the Add Week button to get started adding workouts to your schedule         ltdivgt         lthr gt         ltdiv idweeks databindforeach Schedulegt             ltdiv stylemarginleft auto marginright autogt                 lth4 styledisplay inlineblock gtWeek ltspan databindtext Namegtltspangtlth4gt                 ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconfloppydisk stylecolor red databindvisible IsDirtygtltspangtampnbsp                 ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconshare databindvisible IsDirty titleClick to copy this week and add to the end of the schedulegtltspangt                 ltdiv databindforeach Days gt                     ltdiv classdayBuildergt                         Day ltspan databindtext DayNumbergtltspangt ltpre databindtext ko.toJSONdata, null, 2gtltpregt                         ltdiv databindforeach Workouts gt                             ltdiv classworkout titleEdit Workout stylecursor pointergt                                 ltspan databindtext Typegtltspangt                                 ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconremove pullright removeWorkout titleRemove Workoutgtltspangt                             ltdivgt                         ltdivgt                         ltdiv classnewWorkout addWorkoutgt                             ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconplus titleAdd Workoutgtltspangt                         ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                    ltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classmodal fade idnewWorkout tabindex1 roledialog arialabelledbynewWorkoutLabel ariahiddentrue databindwith root.SelectedWorkoutgt     ltdiv classmodaldialog modalwidegt         ltdiv classmodalcontentgt             ltdiv classmodalheadergt                 ltbutton typebutton classclose datadismissmodal ariahiddentruegtamptimesltbuttongt                 lth3 classmodaltitle idnewWorkoutLabelgtltspan databindtext Typegtltspangt Workoutlth3gt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classmodalbodygt                 ltform gt                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                         ltlabel classcontrollabelgtSelect workout typeltlabelgt                                                 Html.EnumDropDownListForm gt m.WorkoutEnum, new  classformcontrol, databindvalue Type                         ltdivgt                      ltdiv classwell wellsmgt                         lth3 classworkoutHeadergtWarmuplth3gtltspan classglyphicon glyphiconplussign datasectionwarmup titleAdd Intervalgtltspangt                         ltdiv idnewWarmupInterval styledisplay nonegt                             ltlabel classradioinlinegt                                 ltinput typeradio nameWUDistance idWUDistanceBasedT classwuDistance valuetrue checkedgt Distance Based                             ltlabelgt                             ltlabel classradioinlinegt                                 ltinput typeradio nameWUDistance idWUDistanceBasedF classwuDistance  valuefalsegt Time Based                             ltlabelgt                             ltdiv idtimeBasedWU styledisplay none classtpintervalInputContainer forminlinegt                                 ltdiv stylemarginbottom10pxgtEnter a new time based interval to be added to the Warmup portion of this workout, in the style of 15 minutes Model.IsRPE  at RPE5  easy ltdivgt                                 ltinput typetext idtimeValueWU classformcontrol placeholderEnter Time stylewidth 60pxgt                                 Html.EnumDropDownListForm gt m.TimeUnits, new  classformcontrol, idtimeUnitWU                                 Model.IsRPE  Html.EnumDropDownListFor m gt m.RPEUnitsEnum, new class  formcontrol, idrpeUnitTimeWU   Html.EnumDropDownListFor m gt m.HeartRateZoneEnum, new class  formcontrol, idhrUnitTimeWU                                  ltdiv idbtnSaveWU classbtn btnsuccess btnsmgtSaveltdivgt                                 ltdiv idbtnCancelWU classbtn btndanger btnsmgtCancelltdivgt                             ltdivgt                             ltdiv iddistanceBasedWU classtpintervalInputContainer forminlinegt                                 ltdiv stylemarginbottom10pxgtEnter a new distance based interval to be added to the Warmup portion of this workout, in the style of 10 miles Model.IsRPE  at RPE5  easy ltdivgt                                 ltinput typetext iddistValueWU classformcontrol placeholderEnter Distance stylewidth 60pxgt                                 Html.EnumDropDownListForm gt m.DistanceUnitsEnum, new  classformcontrol, iddistUnitWU                                 Model.IsRPE  Html.EnumDropDownListFor m gt m.RPEUnitsEnum, new class  formcontrol, idrpeUnitDistWU   Html.EnumDropDownListFor m gt m.HeartRateZoneEnum, new class  formcontrol, idhrUnitDistWU                                  ltdiv idbtnSaveWU classbtn btnsuccess btnsm btnSaveWUgtSaveltdivgt                                 ltdiv idbtnCancelWU classbtn btndanger btnsmgtCancelltdivgt                             ltdivgt                             lthr gt                         ltdivgt                          ltul idWarmupIntervals databindtemplate  name WorkoutTemplate, foreach WarmUp gt                             ltligt                                 if  Model.IsTimeBased                                       ltspan databindText TimeValuegtltspangt                                     ltspan databindText TimeUnitgtltspangt                                     ltspan databindText RPEValue, visible root.IsRPEgtltspangt                                     ltspan databindText HRValue, visible root.IsRPEgtltspangt                                                                  else                                      ltspan databindText DistanceValuegtltspangt                                     ltspan databindText DistanceUnitgtltspangt                                     ltspan databindText RPEValue, visible root.IsRPEgtltspangt                                     ltspan databindText HRValue, visible root.IsRPEgtltspangt                                                              ltligt                         ltulgt                     ltdivgt                      ltdiv classwell wellsmgt                         lth3 classworkoutHeadergtMainlth3gtltspan classglyphicon glyphiconplussign  datasectionmain titleAdd Intervalgtltspangt                         ltdiv idnewMainInterval styledisplay nonegt                             Need to get some content in here.                         ltdivgt                         lthr gt                         ltul idMainIntervals databindtemplate  name WorkoutTemplate, foreach Main gt                         ltulgt                     ltdivgt                      ltdiv classwell wellsmgt                         lth3 classworkoutHeadergtCool Downlth3gtltspan classglyphicon glyphiconplussign  datasectioncooldown titleAdd Intervalgtltspangt                         ltdiv idnewCooldownInterval styledisplay nonegt                             Need to get some content in here.                         ltdivgt                         lthr gt                         ltul idCoolDownIntervals databindtemplate  name WorkoutTemplate, foreach CoolDown gt                         ltulgt                     ltdivgt                 ltformgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classmodalfootergt                 ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault datadismissmodalgtCancelltbuttongt                 ltbutton typebutton classbtn btnprimary saveWorkoutgtSaveltbuttongt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pJSp  precodevar trainingPlan var schedule var workoutNumber  0  document.readyfunction        the plan object is a training plan with a few properties that describe the plan      along with a list of weeks that contain the workouts.  The weeks are broken down into days,      each day has a list of workouts, each workout has a list of intervals for its warm up, main and cool down      properties.       var planID   id ID.val       var Week  function          var self  this         self.ID           self.IsDirty  ko.observablefalse         self.PlanID  ko.observable         self.StartDate  ko.observable         self.EndDate  ko.observable         self.Name  ko.observable         self.Days  ko.observableArray[]  a list of day objects          var Day  function          var self  this         self.ID           self.DayNumber  ko.observable         self.TodaysDate  ko.observable         self.Name  ko.observable         self.Workouts  ko.observableArray[]  a list of workout objects          var Workout  function          var self  this         self.ID           self.Type  ko.observable need to figure out whathow to handle enums         self.WarmUp  ko.observableArray[]  a list of intervals         self.Main  ko.observableArray[]  a list of intervals         self.CoolDown  ko.observableArray[]  a list of intervals         self.Status  ko.observable         self.Completed  ko.observable          var Interval  function          var self  this         self.IsTimeBased  ko.computedfunction              return self.IsDistanceBased                  self.IsDistanceBased  ko.observable         self.TimeValue  ko.observable         self.TimeUnit  ko.observable         self.RPEUnits  ko.observable         self.HeartRateZone  ko.observable         self.Description  ko.observable         self.DistanceValue  ko.observable         self.DistanceUnit  ko.observable           .getJSONPlanBuilderGetPlanJson, planID, functionmodel            map model into a knockout viewModel         trainingPlan  ko.mapping.fromJSONmodel.Message           setup regular and computed observables         trainingPlan.SelectedWorkout  ko.observable         trainingPlan.SelectedInterval  ko.observable         trainingPlan.SelectedDay  ko.observable         trainingPlan.Weeks  ko.computedfunction              return trainingPlan.Schedule.length                  trainingPlan.TotalWeeks  ko.computedfunction              trainingPlan.Weeks  trainingPlan.Schedule.length  0             return trainingPlan.Schedule.length  0         , this         trainingPlan.TotalDays  ko.computedfunction              return trainingPlan.Schedule.length  7  0         , this           setup root methods         trainingPlan.addWeek  function              var numberOfWeeks  numWeeks.val              if numberOfWeeks lt 1                 numberOfWeeks  1              for var w  1 w lt numberOfWeeks w                   var wk  new Week                 wk.IsDirtytrue                 var wkNum  this.Schedule.length  1                 var firstDay  wkNum gt 1  wkNum  1  7  1  1  day number of first day of new week                  wk.Name  wkNum                 wk.PlanID  ID.val                  for var i  firstDay i lt firstDay  7 i                      var dy  new Day                     dy.DayNumber  i                     wk.Days.pushdy                                   var summ  new day                 summ.DayNumber  Summary                 wk.Days.pushsumm                  this.Schedule.pushwk                            update  of weeks in training plan             trainingPlan.Weeks  this.Schedule.length  1                  trainingPlan.addWorkout  function              var wrk  new Workout             trainingPlan.SelectedWorkoutwrk             newWorkout.modalshow                  trainingPlan.saveWorkout  function wrk              trainingPlan.SelectedDay.Workouts.pushwrk             newWorkout.modalhide                  trainingPlan.addInterval  function workoutSection              var intr  new Interval             trainingPlan.SelectedIntervalintr              var container  this.parent             intr.IsDistanceBasedWUDistanceBasedT.ischecked              if intr.IsDistanceBased                  intr.DistanceUnitcontainer.finddistUnitWU.val                 intr.DistanceValuecontainer.finddistValueWU.val                 if trainingPlan.IsRPE                      intr.HeartRateZonecontainer.findhrUnitDistWU.val                  else                      intr.RPEUnitscontainer.findrpeUnitDistWU.val                               else                  intr.TimeUnitcontainer.findtimeUnitWU.val                 intr.TimeValuecontainer.findtimeValueWU.val                 if trainingPlan.IsRPE                      intr.HeartRateZonecontainer.findhrUnitTimeWU.val                  else                      intr.RPEUnitscontainer.findrpeUnitTimeWU.val                                            trainingPlan.SelectedWorkout.WarmUp.pushintr                  trainingPlan.copyWeek  functionindex              var weeks  trainingPlan.Schedule.sliceindex, index  1             var week  weeks[0]              var newWeek  new Week             var weekNum  parseInttrainingPlan.Schedule.length  1              newWeek.EndDate  ko.observableko.utils.unwrapObservableweek.EndDate             newWeek.IsDirty  ko.observabletrue             newWeek.Name  ko.observableweekNum             newWeek.PlanID  ko.observableko.utils.unwrapObservableweek.PlanID             newWeek.StartDate  ko.observableko.utils.unwrapObservableweek.StartDate              var dayNumber  1              week.Days.forEachfunctionday, dayIndex                  var newDay  new Day                 var daysBase  trainingPlan.Schedule.length  7                 var currentDay  daysBase  dayIndex  1                  newDay.Name  ko.observableko.utils.unwrapObservableday.Name                 newDay.DayNumber  ko.observablecurrentDay                 newDay.Name  ko.observableDay   currentDay                  day.Workouts.forEachfunctionworkout                      var newWorkout  new Workout                     newWorkout.Completed  false                      workout.WarmUp.forEachfunctioninterval                          var newInterval  new Interval                         newInterval.Description  ko.observableko.utils.unwrapObservableinterval.Description                                           newWorkout.Type  ko.observableko.utils.unwrapObservableworkout.Type                      newDay.Workouts.pushnewWorkout                                   newWeek.Days.pushnewDay                           trainingPlan.Schedule.pushnewWeek                  trainingPlan.scheduleDirty  ko.computedfunction              var dirty  false              for var i  0 i lt trainingPlan.Schedule.length i                  if trainingPlan.Schedule[i].IsDirty                     dirty  true                                       return dirty         , this           lets get it on         ko.applyBindingstrainingPlan           weeks.onclick, .removeWorkout, function          var context  ko.contextForthis         var workouts  context.parent.Workouts         workouts.removecontext.data         context.parents[1].IsDirtytrue           weeks.onclick, .addWorkout, function          var context  ko.contextForthis         context.parent.IsDirtytrue         var wrk  new Workout         wrk.TypeFlying         trainingPlan.SelectedWorkoutwrk         context.data.Workouts.pushwrk         newWorkout.modalshow           newWorkout.onclick, .saveWorkout, function           newWorkout.modalhide           weeks.onclick, .workout, function          var context  ko.contextForthis         context.root.SelectedWorkoutcontext.data         newWorkout.modalshow             Week functions     weeks.onclick, span.glyphiconfloppydisk, function          var context  ko.contextForthis         var weekData  ko.mapping.toJSONcontext.data          var btn  this           save week         .ajax             url PlanBuilderSaveWeek,             type POST,             data weekData,             contentType applicationjson,             error functiondata                  console.logdata.responseText                 btn.findspan.glyphiconfloppydisk.addClassbtndanger             ,             success functiondata                  if data.IsError                      btn.findspan.glyphiconfloppydisk.addClassbtndanger                     btn.textError                  else                      btn.removeClassglyphiconfloppydisk.addClassglyphiconfloppysaved                     btn.csscolor, green                      add newly generated ID to knockout week object                     context.data.ID  data.Message                     context.data.IsDirtyfalse                     btn.csscolor, red                       after 3 seconds fadeOut save button and reset the glyphicon classes                     setTimeoutfunction                          btn.removeClassglyphiconfloppysaved.addClassglyphiconfloppydisk                     , 3000                                                  weeks.onclick, span.glyphiconshare, function          var context  ko.contextForthis         var index  context.index         context.root.copyWeekindex            Workout functions     newWorkout.onclick, span.glyphiconplussign, function            var section  this.attrdatasection          if section  warmup             newWarmupInterval.slideToggle                   if section  main              newMainInterval.slideToggle                   if section  cooldown              newCoolDownInterval.slideToggle                      newWorkout.onclick, .wuDistance, function           if this.attrid  WUDistanceBasedT              timeBasedWU.fadeOutfunction                   distanceBasedWU.fadeIn                       else              distanceBasedWU.fadeOutfunction                   timeBasedWU.fadeIn                                 newWorkout.onclick, .btnSaveWU, function           var context  ko.contextForthis              btnSaveM.clickfunction        btnSaveCD.clickfunction           btnSavePlan.clickfunction            if form is valid, lets save this shiz         if NewPlanForm.valid               var mappingOptions                   ignore [addWorkout, removeWorkout, Schedule]                           var datum  ko.mapping.toJSONtrainingPlan, mappingOptions              var btn  this               save plan             .ajax                 url PlanBuilderSavePlan,                 type POST,                 data datum,                 contentType applicationjson,                 error functiondata                      console.logdata.responseText                     btn.firstChild.addClassbtndanger                 ,                 success functiondata                      if data.IsError                          btn.firstChild.addClassbtndanger                         btn.textError                      else                          btn.addClassbtnsuccess                         btn.textSuccess                         ID.valdata.Message                          SchedulePanel.show                          setTimeoutfunction                              btn.removeClassbtnsuccess.removeClassbtndanger.addClassbtnprimary                         , 4000                                                                   codepre
Negative 10594 pI just cant seem to understand how to structure an asynchronous call to SendPingAsync. I want to loop through a list of IP addresses and ping them all asynchronously before moving on in the program... right now it takes forever to go through all of them one at a time. I asked a question about it earlier thinking Id be able to figure out async but apparently I was wrong. p  precodeprivate void button1Clickobject sender, EventArgs e      this.PingLoop     MessageBox.Showhi for testing    public async void PingLoop      Taskltintgt longRunningTask  PingAsync      int result  await longRunningTask     MessageBox.Showasync call is finished       eventually want to loop here but for now just want to understand how this works   private async Taskltintgt PingAsync      Ping pingSender  new Ping     string reply  pingSender.SendPingAsyncwww.google.com, 2000.ToString     pingReplies.Addreply what should i be awaiting here      return 1  codepre  pIm afraid I just dont get what is really going on here enough... when should I return a task When I run this as is I just get a frozen UI and a ping error. I have read the MSDN documentation and tons of questions here and Im just not getting it.p
Negative 10594 pbasically what im looking to do is make a installer for a program but its happens when you hit a button like install maya it will look for where the program is installed via reg path once found i want it to copy a few files to another directory p  palso my old vision of my program i had a installer that would install a folder where all the stuff for maya install would be witch i usually put in the following directory p  pCProgram Files x86maya 8.5 installer p  pand i did all my file copys around that like filemove then that dir p  pbut had a lot of issues where people put it in different dir witch made my program useless is there also a way where you can get the program to look for a certain folder in a certain place sorry to be a pain and ask a couple of questions but want to resolve this issue p
Negative 10594 pWe are using Behave BDD tool for automating APIs. Is there any tool which give code coverage using our behave casesp  pWe tried using coverage module, it didnt work with Behave.p
Negative 10594 pI have bitvector coming from the database of length 1 Mio with two bits each representing one integer number for compressed storagep  precodethe bit string  10110001  from the database array             2 3 0 1  needed for further processing codepre  pThe current solution isp  precodemy bitstring  sthgtfetchrowarray     has 2 bits  snp, need 2 convert to I my snpno  1000000 for  my i  0 i lt snpno  1 i       my A2  substr bitstring ,j,2     j  j  2     my vec  BitVectorgtnewBin32, A2     bitArraygt[i]  vecgttoDec  codepre  pThis does work but is is waaay too slow to process one such vector take a second and with thousands of them the processing will take hours.p  pdoes someone have an idea how this can be made fasterp
Negative 10594 pAs a complete Coca beginner I need help to do a calculation on a core data entity. Lets assume the entity has 3 attributes, a, b, and c.p  pWhere c  a  bp  pWhen I change the entry for a in the table view with the columns a, b and c I want c to be recalculated.p  pSo far I have subclassed an array controller myArrayController from NSArrayController and set it as the custom class in the identity inspector.p  pIn QT I could have worked with a signal emitted by the table view in case a cell is changed. How would I do it in Cocoa If I controldrag a button and create an action, it is obviously triggered when the button is clicked. But with a Text Field Cell...  How do I calculate c when the value in column a has been changed my first idea would be to ctrldrag an action into the array controller but to be honest I have not understood the mechanics well enough and could not find a suitable example in books to judge if I am heading in the wrong directionp
Negative 10594 pI am using the excellent Mvvmcross and Ninja Coder for Mvvmcross for building a cross platform app. For my windows store app I have created a view and a view model using Ninja coder. I have also created a UserControl which will be referenced in the view. Hence I need to bind the same viewmodel to the User control also. I have been trying to set the Data context of the user control to the singleton instance of viewmodel. I have set the data context of the user control like below.p  precodepublic sealed partial class SearchResultsGridViewControl  UserControl      private SearchresultsViewModel viewModel      public SearchResultsGridViewControl              this.InitializeComponent          viewModel  Mvx.IocConstructltSearchresultsViewModelgt          this.DataContext  viewModel       codepre  pBut when I refer this User Control in my main view, it throws an error in XAML saying Object Reference not set to an instance of an object. Cannot create an instance of SearchResultsGridViewControl.p  pThis is my viewmodelp  precode    public class SearchresultsViewModel  BaseViewModel      private ISearchResultsService searchResultsService      public SearchresultsViewModelISearchResultsService searchResultsService              searchResultsService  searchResultsService         var items  searchResultsService.DisplaySearchResults         SchoolDetails  new ObservableCollectionltSchoolgtitems                       private ObservableCollectionltSchoolgt schoolDetails      public ObservableCollectionltSchoolgt SchoolDetails              get  return schoolDetails          set                      schoolDetails  value             RaisePropertyChanged gt SchoolDetails                    public ICommand RefineCommand              get                      refineCommand  refineCommand  new MvxCommandFilterSearchResultsBasedOnRefine             return refineCommand                    public void FilterSearchResultsBasedOnRefine                         SchoolDetails  new ObservableCollectionltSchoolgtsearchResultsService.FilterSchoolsBasedOnRefineMidDayMeals, PlayGround, DigitalClassroom, DayBoarding, TransportationFacility       codepre  pThe grid view in my usercontrol is getting populated when it loads for the first time. But when RefineCommand is called to update the collection from the main view, the grid view in usercontrol is not getting updated. And I am guessing its because of that error earlier in setting the data context of the user control to view model. Please let me know what could be going wrong. I have been banging my head about it for days.p
Negative 10594 pIm running a jscript on Microsoft Orchestrator 2012, and I keep getting this errorp  pActivitiesRunScriptw0vjlke0.0.js8,14  error JS1015 Unterminated string constantp  pIt would be greatly appreciated if you could help me as I cant seem to find out whats causing it.p  pI guess this would be a rubber ducky debug p  precode        Questions and answers will be ordered in two separated arrays         var questions  new Array         var answers  new Array         Your data         var myData  d.T.Ed8DFD771C13FA40D484AE8ECD056BCC2D.UserInputd.T.Ed         Regex goes here         var regex.g         var match  regex.execmyData         var i  1         var pos  0         Loop for all questions and answers, avoiding the typestring attribute while match  null      pos  i  3     switchpos         case 1 questions[questions.length]  match[1] break         case 2 answers[answers.length]  match[1] break          i     match  regex.execmyData          Check all questions and answers are at their correct positions     Loop to grab all data and input the html fields to format into table     var counter     var objectnumberi5     objectnumber  objectnumber2     counter0     var html1qlttrgtlttdgt     var html2qlttdgtlttdgt     var html3qlttdgtlttrgt     var realtext     while objectnumber  counter         realtext  html1q  questions[counter]  html2q  answers[counter]  html3q         counter          outputrealtext codepre  pOkay thanks guysp
Negative 10594 pHi I am trying to print the data type of a user input and produce a table like followingp  blockquote   pABCDEFGH  String,   1.09  float, 0  int, true  boolp blockquote  p, etc. Im using python 3.2.3 and I know I could use type to get the type of the data but in python all user inputs are taken as strings and I dont know how to determine whether the input is a string or Boolean or integer or float. Here is that part of the codep  precodeuservar  inputPlease enter something  printyou entered   uservar printtypeuservar codepre  pwhich always returns str for string. Appreciate any helpp
Negative 10594 pI basically new in PDO and just use it since about 3 days ago. Struggling really hard to get my stuff working with it. Have looking around here, but it just make me more confused, since I couldnt find matched question.p  pI have two update mysql DB functionality developed with PDO. One working and another not. Cant figure out where the problem really is, since everything looks fine. These are the codesp  pstrongNOT WORKINGstrong     p  precode NOT WORKING      updv  UPDATE affiliatelink SET cjtrackerurlcjtr, cjaidmidr, cjpidfidr, cjisccisr WHERE IDID              arrv  array             ID gt 1,             cjtr gt cju,             midr gt aai,             fidr gt pai,             cisr gt gis                          exdv  condb gt prepareupdv, arrayPDOATTRCURSOR gt PDOCURSORFWDONLY             exdv gt executearrv codepre  pstrongWORKINGstrongp  precodeWORKING         updb  UPDATE rightsidebar SET toprightsidebartrs, middlerightsidebarmrs, bottomrightsidebarbrs WHERE IDID          arrb  array         ID gt 1,         trs gt trb,         mrs gt mrb,         brs gt brb                  exdb  condb gt prepareupdb, arrayPDOATTRCURSOR gt PDOCURSORFWDONLY         exdbgtexecutearrb codepre  pHope somebody would give me a clue. Here is the error messagep  precodeWarning PDOStatementexecute SQLSTATE[HY093] Invalid parameter number number of bound variables does not match number of tokens in codepre  pBest Regardsp
Negative 10594 pI need to disable few items in selectItem list based on a backing bean. Below is the code snippetp  precodelthselectOneMenu requiredbean.tbiLotNumberRequired      labelTBI Lot   idtbiLotNumber          valuebean.unitDTO.tbiLotNumber              disabledbean.disableLotSpecificFieldsgt     ltfselectItem itemLabelSelect itemValue gt     ltfselectItems valuebean.communityLotNumbergt lthselectOneMenugt codepre  pThe value of selectItem is backed by MyFaces SelectItem.p  pNow, the bean Im setting the disabled property of SelectItem thru setDisabled in my backing bean. It does not work.p  pAlternatively, I tried both below optionsp  precodeltfselectItems valuebean.communityLotNumber varlot                    itemDisabledlot.isDisabledgt codepre  pandp  precodeltfselectItems valuebean.communityLotNumber varlot                    itemDisabledbean.isDisabledLotlotgt codepre  pwith a backing bean to evaluate the SelectItem and return the boolean value to set it true. But, probably since im using JSF 1.2, the server throws the below error p  precodecom.sun.facelets.tag.TagAttributeException WEBINFflowxxxxxxxxxcreatea.xhtml 109,122 itemDisabledbean.isDisabledLotlot Error Parsing bean.isDisabledLotlot at com.sun.facelets.tag.TagAttribute.getValueExpressionTagAttribute.java259 at com.sun.facelets.tag.jsf.ComponentRuleValueExpressionMetadata.applyMetadataComponentRule.java69 at com.sun.facelets.tag.MetadataImpl.applyMetadataMetadataImpl.java36 at com.sun.facelets.tag.MetaTagHandler.setAttributesMetaTagHandler.java62 at com.sun.facelets.tag.jsf.ComponentHandler.applyComponentHandler.java144 at com.sun.facelets.tag.CompositeFaceletHandler.applyCompositeFaceletHandler.java47 at com.sun.facelets.tag.jsf.ComponentHandler.applyNextHandlerComponentHandler.java314 at com.sun.facelets.tag.jsf.ComponentHandler.applyComponentHandler.java169 at com.sun.facelets.tag.CompositeFaceletHandler.applyCompositeFaceletHandler.java47 at com.sun.facelets.tag.jsf.ComponentHandler.applyNextHandlerComponentHandler.java314 at com.sun.facelets.tag.jsf.ComponentHandler.applyComponentHandler.java169 codepre  pWe are using  MyFaces1.2,  JSF 1.2 and RichFaces 3.3p  pcan someone suggest an alternative.p
Negative 10594 pI have a single page ExtJS application that was generated with Sencha Command v4.0.2.67. I am trying to build using Sencha Command v4.0.2.67 with the following commands.p  precode sencha app refresh   sencha app build  codepre  pWhen the build moves to the step strongcompilesassstrong Sencha Cmd v4.0.2.67 failsp  precodeFailed creating background process codepre  pSencha Cmd v4.0.2.67 outputp  precode[INF] compilesass [INF] writing sass content to buildDevOpsproductionDevOpsall.scss [INF] appending sass content to buildDevOpsproductionDevOpsall.scss [INF] appending sass content to buildDevOpsproductionDevOpsall.scss [INF] executing compass using system installed ruby runtime [ERR] [ERR] BUILD FAILED [ERR] com.sencha.exceptions.ExProcess Failed creating background process [ERR] [ERR] Total time 16 seconds [ERR] The following error occurred while executing this line .senchaappbuildimpl.xml273 The following error occurred while executing this line .senchaappsassimpl.xml127 The following error occurred while executing this line .senchaappsassimpl.xml138 com.sencha.exceptions.ExProcess Failed creating background process codepre  pEnvironmentp  ul liSencha Cmd v4.0.2.67li liExtJS 4.2.1li liRuby 1.9.3 using RVMli liSass 3.2.14 Media Markli liCompass 0.12.3 Alnilamli ul  pProjectp  pThe initial project was generated with Sencha Cmd v3.1.2.342, later Sencha Cmd v4.0.2.67 was introduced. We went through the documented upgrade process to upgrade Sencha Cmdp  precode sencha upgrade check  sencha upgrade codepre  pThen to bring up a new version of Sencha Cmd with our application produced by a previous version, we ran this command from inside our application directoryp  precode sencha app upgrade noframework codepre  pThere were some changes, that Sencha calls merges. Mostly in the app.js and the .sencha folder. The output is detailed enough about how to resolve them. We did just that and everything ran fine in the application after we resolved the merges, this is where we found the build did not work. The main issue which was with SASS and COMPASS from the upgrade.p  pYou can run the specific task by itself, in this case the sass step, with strongsencha d ant sassstrong for better error output without all the other stepsp  precode sencha d ant sass codepre  pThis is where we are seeing the build error emFailed creating background processem.p
Negative 10594 pEverything seems to work except the code within the if statement brackets.p  pIn other words Ajax is acting as if its not getting a response from the server.p  precodevar xmlhttpnew XMLHttpRequest     xmlhttp.onreadystatechangefunction             if xmlhttp.readyState4 ampamp xmlhttp.status200                    document.body.innerHTMLxmlhttp.responseText                   xmlhttp.openPOST,httpsomeaddress.cominterface.php,true     xmlhttp.setRequestHeaderContenttype,applicationxwwwformurlencoded     xmlhttp.sendnameHenryamplnameFord codepre
Negative 10594 pWe are trying to create a shape and place it on a 2d console based board. The shapes will be made up of multiple points on a 2d array. So a triangle for example would look like this is the user input 4x3x3...p  precode   1  1 1 1 1 1 1 1 codepre  pThe shapes will be able to move and growshrink. We have the shapes able to display their dimensions already, as well as the board itself made. But actually putting them on the board and moving them all the points as a whole is proving to be difficult. Any suggestions Here is our code so far...p  pBoard code...p  precodepublic class Board   private int size  public Boardint boardSize     this.size  boardSize   public String toString       Playable[][] grid  new Playable [getSize][getSize]      int k  1     while k lt grid.length2          System.out.print         k           System.out.println      for Playable[] row  grid          System.out.print         for Playable item  row              System.out.printitem  null     item          System.out.print n           k  1     while k lt grid.length2          System.out.print         k          return    public int getSize      return size   public void setSizeint size      this.size  size    codepre  pShape Code...p  precode public class Rectangle extends Quads implements Playable   public Rectangleint numberOfSides, int numberOfDimensions      super4, 2      TODO Autogenerated constructor stub   public double calcPerimeter      return this.getDimensions[0]  this.getDimensions[1]  2   public double calcArea      double area     area  this.getDimensions[0]  this.getDimensions[1]     return area   public String showDimensions      String display       display  For this   this.getColor                 this.getClass.getSimpleName   n      display  this.getDIMENSIONLABELS[0]                 this.getDimensions[0]  n     display  this.getDIMENSIONLABELS[1]                 this.getDimensions[1]  n     display  this.getDIMENSIONLABELS[2]                 this.getDimensions[0]  n     display  this.getDIMENSIONLABELS[3]                 this.getDimensions[1]  n     display  The perimeter is   this.calcPerimeter  , n     display  The area is   this.calcArea  , n     display  And the seniority is   this.getSeniority  n     return display  codepre
Negative 10594 pI have 3 three tables codeacode, codeaLocalecode, codeaCompanycode.p  pI need to get all the rows where codea.id  aLocale.parentIDcode if codeaCompany.parentIDcode does not exist.p  pI know that codeaLocalecode would be an codeinnerJoincode but what about codeaCompanycodep  pI could also be looking at the problem wrong. The only reason I am using aCompany is if matching row doesnt exist. Currently, I am running a query for codeacode and getting the results as an array. I then iterate through the array and unset the items that match a separate query of codeaCompanycode. I feel there would be a better way of doing it with 1 query.p
Negative 10594 pThis is probably some dinky little problem, but I am trying to split a string in my JSP usingn a line break.  Here is the command Im trying to use.p  precodeltcset varcomment valuebulletin.note gt ltcset varcomment valuefnsplitcomment, n, ltbr gt gt codepre  pThis is the error message Im getting.  Ive edited so you dont have to scroll to the right to see the whole thing, but this is the entire text of the error message.p  precodeHTTP Status 500  WEBINFjspBulletinApproval.jsp line 33, column 3 comment, n, ltbr gt contains invalid expressions javax.el.ELException Failed to parse the expression [comment, n, ltbr gt] codepre
Negative 10594 pAs soon as im setting up rules for an interface that uses generics, it becomes difficult to work with. For example, this works for a simple interfacep  precode            Imagine this interface            public interface ISearchProvider.              Easy to set up with constructor parameters             x.ForltISearchProvidergt                 .HybridHttpOrThreadLocalScoped                 .UseltCatalogueSearchProvidergt                 .Ctorltboolgt recreateDb .Is false                  .CtorltstringgtconnectionString.Is catalogConnString  codepre  pCompare with thisp  precode Now this interface that use generics public interface IRepoltTgt   IRepoltTgt where T  IEntity codepre  pIf i want to use the same setup, I have to use typeof and different structuremap methods, that lack the possibility to set the constructor parameters.p  precode            x.FortypeofIRepoltgt                 .HybridHttpOrThreadLocalScoped                 .UsetypeofMyRepoltgt                 .Ctor  lt doesnt exist                  codepre  pI can find no equivalent, is there any at allp
Negative 10594 pJust started doing some crossbrowser testing for my a hrefhttpwillryan.us relnofollowwebsitea and theres some weird things happing with my home page in Firefox.p  pThe slider looks to be smaller than the thumbnails below it, the thumbnails are touching each other, and when you resize your browser, the thumbnails dont scale down they just overlap more. If you look at the site in Chrome, Safari, or Opera even chromesafari on iOS, the sliders width is the same as the thumbnails below, theres space between thumbnails, and everything scales properly when resizing the browser. p  pIm also noticing some lagging when I hover over the thumbnail CSS3 animation, again only when Im in Firefox.p  pWhat gives What am I doing wrong, or does Firefox get goofy with responsive sites If it matters, Im using a hrefhttpresponsivegridsystem.com relnofollowthis frameworkap  pEDIT Also, if you click on any of the thumbnails, it seems like the images on THOSE pages look fine and scale properly. Seems like just the home page is affected.p
Negative 10594 pstrongSystem.currentTimeMillisstrong is giving wrong time. It returns time values from 1980 Also time value taken through this function differs from actual time sometimes. Some sample values returned by the functionp  precode315977198121 315965244789 316002166580 315982533137 codepre
Negative 10594 pI want to find how much it takes to run my codemysqldumpcode  and compare it with my IO rate at the end of codemysqldumpcode command. brp  plooking for someting like p  precodebashgt time .dumpscript  codepre  pand at the end he will calculate my IO rate from starting point to finish point giving me something like brp  precodeDumpsize  Time    IO per sec 30 gb     30 min  5mbsec codepre  pThx allp
Negative 10594 pI am new to Java.  I am stuck at a place. I need to create an editable codeJComboBoxcode which fires event every time when typed value is changed. p  pFor example if there are 100 items in combo box then when user type a in editable combo box then the drop down menu only shows that items which starts from a only. p
Negative 10594 pIm creating a VBA script to color up some specifics cells, so far its going well, but now I need it to color some cells that have an empty value. These cells arent blanks, they have formulas, but sometimes that formula will return  as value. I need to select these specific cells, how can I do thatp  pOnce again, these cells arent empty or blank, only their value is null.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to write a bash script that will take in an optional argument, and based on the value of that argument, compile code using that argument as a preprocessor directive. This is my file so farp  precodebinbash  OPTIMIZE1  if[ OPTIMIZE  OPTIMIZE ] then     echo Compiling optimized algorithm...     gcc c stdc99 O2 code.c D OPTIMIZE else     echo Compiling naive algorithm...     gcc c stdc99 O2 code.c  fi codepre  pHowever, it doesnt seem to like the D option, complaining that there is a macro name missing after D. I was under the impression D defines a new macro as 1 with name of whatever is specified. I wanted OPTIMIZE to be the name of that macro. Any hints Thanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pHow can I save this IF into a php variable p  precodeif precopromocao gt 0       echo ltspan classprecospromocaogt.preco.ltspangtampnbspltspan classprecocdescontogt.precopromocao.ltspangt         else     echo preco.         codepre  pI triedp  precodeprecofinal  if precopromocao gt 0       echo ltspan classprecospromocaogt.preco.ltspangtampnbspltspan classprecocdescontogt.precopromocao.ltspangt         else     echo preco.         codepre  pBut it doesnt work..p
Negative 10594 pSo, I have an application that allows users to create and find new events. Id like to pretty up the URLs and Im using a hrefhttprailscasts.comepisodes63modelnameinurlrevisedautoplaytrue relnofollowthis rails casts episodea as a reference. p  pThe problem is with the controller part.. I have very specific code in my events controller and I hope that what he suggests wont cause any problems. Here is my current eventsshow actionp  precode def show     event  Event.whereid params[id].first     if event.present       user  currentuser        event  Event.findparams[id]       owner  event.user       participants  event.participants       waitingparticipants  event.waitingparticipants     else       redirectto eventspath, error Event not found     end   end codepre  pAnd Ryan suggests that I change the find line top  precodedef show   event  findbyslugparams[id]   ....the rest of my code here end codepre  pAs you can see Im finding the events slightly differently withp  precodedef show   event  Event.whereid params[id].first   ....the rest of my code here end codepre  pHow can I get his way to work without messing up my codep  pCheersp  pstrongUpdatestrongp  precodedef update      event  currentuser.events.findparams[id]     if event.updateattributesparams[event]       event.updateeventdate       flash[success]  Event updated.       redirectto event     else       render edit     end   end codepre
Negative 10594 pIll try to be as clear as possible. I have 3 Sheetsp  ul liAllProductsli liListli liOurproductsli ul  pcodeAllProductscode contains all products that exist in a certain industry, the codeListcode sheet contains an identifier list of products we own. Our products is the target tab where rows needs to be copied if the value in column A codeAllProductscode exists in the codeListcode sheet.p  pHowever, when a value in sheet1 codeAllproductscode does not exist in the list, the row3 should go down one row in the list. Because there are sometimes multiple values that are not in the list my row3 variable keeps adding up...p  pAnybody knows the problem or a better solutionp  precodeSub CBProducts      RangeI12.Value  Now                  Time and date the button is clickedData retrieved     RangeF12.Value  Done      Application.ScreenUpdating  False      Prevents screenupdating      Dim row1 As Long              The row number where it needs to be copied from sheet1     Dim row2 As Long              The row number it needs to be pasted on sheet2     Dim row3 As Long              The row number the original value comes from sheet3     Dim continue As Boolean      Define starting rows Row 1 contains headers usually     row1  2                                Rownr of AllProducts     row2  2                                Rownr of Ourproducts     row3  2                                Rownr of List     continue  True       SheetsAllProducts.Select     Start loop, look if value in AllProducts sheet is same as list sheet     Do While continue  True         If Cellsrow1, 1.Value  SheetsList.RangeA amp row3 Then              Rowsrow1.Select                              If yes, copy             Selection.copy              SheetsOurProducts.Select                            If yes, change sheet and paste             Rowsrow2.Select             ActiveSheet.Paste              row2  row2  1        If yes, add rownumber to move downwards             row1  row1  1        If yes, add rownumber to move downwards              SheetsAllProducts.Select              If Cellsrow1, 1.Value   Then continue  False If we reach the end empty cell then stop the loop             If Cellsrow3, 1.Value   Then continue  False             If Cellsrow1, 1.Value ltgt SheetsList.RangeA amp row3 And Cellsrow1  1, 1 ltgt SheetsList.RangeA amp row3 Then row3  row3  1         Else             row1  row1  1    If the value is not the same and not blank, then go   down the list to search for new values         End If     Loop      Application.ScreenUpdating  True End Sub codepre  pI have simplified the code so that all values of the list are now in one Array, I have been struggling the whole day creating a codeMATCHcode function. However I have not succeeded. When the value is found and the value can be found multiple times. The whole row needs to be copied to another sheet.p  precodeSub Productstest2  Dim Copycell As Excel.Range Dim ListArray As String Dim LastList As Long Dim i As Integer  Finds the last cellnr of List LastList  SheetsList.CellsRows.Count, A.EndxlUp.Row    Makes the size of Array as big as list ReDim ListArray1 To LastList          Fills the array with the values from the list     For i  1 To LastList                     ListArrayi  SheetsList.RangeA amp i  1.Value     Next i  End Sub codepre
Negative 10594 pI cant figure out how to write this so it works. We have a page where users can upload documents and the list will show on the screen. The problem comes when the filename has a single quote in it. We are using jQuery. Theres some code generation going on but this is the basics of what comes out.p  precodesomeElement.htmlltlabel onclicksomeOtherElement.attrtitle, TheFileName.pdfgtSome Textltlabelgt codepre  pThe single quote in the file name is causing a problem. Ive tried escaping it both with one backslash and 2 backslashes. With a single backslash the code runs but produces this htmlp  precodeltlabel onclicksomeOtherElement.attrtitle, TheFileName.pdfgtSome Textltlabelgt codepre  pwhich now fails on the onclick.p  pWith 2 backslashes, the jquery codehtmlcode line wont run at all. In both cases I get Unexpected identifier, just at different points.p
Negative 10594 pHow can can I extract image codesourceURLcode for image whose height is 400 Below is xml outputp  precodeltimageListgt     ltimage availabletrue height100 width100gt         ltsourceURLgtdi354b495a5846562d77473973776e566b737757387877100x10000.jpgrqidp12.2aef1330047882eacc81amprqtSRSampa1ampc44ampl8079962ampr1amppr1amplks78809.4ampfks69208ltsourceURLgt     ltimagegt     ltimage availabletrue height200 width200gt         ltsourceURLgtimagesdi354b495a5846562d77473973776e566b737757387877200x20000.jpgrqidp12.2aef1330047882eacc81amprqtSRSampa1ampc44ampl8079962ampr1amppr1amplks78809.4ampfks69208ltsourceURLgt     ltimagegt     ltimage availablefalse height300 width300gt         ltsourceURLgtscdsnoimage100X100.jpgrqidp12.2aef1330047882eacc81amprqtSRSampa1ampc44ampl8079962ampr1amppr1amplks78809.4ampfks69208ltsourceURLgt     ltimagegt     ltimage availablefalse height400 width400gt         ltsourceURLgtscdsnoimage100X100.jpgrqidp12.2aef1330047882eacc81amprqtSRSampa1ampc44ampl8079962ampr1amppr1amplks78809.4ampfks69208ltsourceURLgt     ltimagegt     ltimage availabletrue height215 width200gt         ltsourceURLgthttpdi67.shoppingshadow.comimagesdi354b495a5846562d77473973776e566b737757387877200x21500.jpgrqidp12.2aef1330047882eacc81amprqtSRSampa1ampc44ampl8079962ampr1amppr1amplks78809.4ampfks69208ltsourceURLgt     ltimagegt ltimageListgt codepre
Negative 10594 pSo, i have in my entity a DateTime field like that p  precode       var DateTime             ORMColumnnametimestamp, typedatetime           private timestamp codepre  pEach time i insert something in my database, i do this  codemyEntitygtsetTimestampnew DateTimenowcodep  pSo, i want to set the default value NOW on my field in my entity, but when i try  p  precode   var DateTime     ORMColumnnametimestamp, typedatetime   private timestamp  new DateTimenow codepre  pand after update my base with codedoctrineschemaupdatecode i have this error  codePHP Parse error  syntax error, unexpected new TNEW in...codep  pHow can i set a default value for this field  I dont want to setTimestamp each time i use my entity... Thanks p
Negative 10594 pi used the manual from php.net but i cannot get it to work. Dont see what i am doing wrong. I get this error message when i try to dop  precodeWarning ftpmkdir Cant create directory No such file or directory in homeuserpublichtmlmanagementtest.php on line 11 There was a problem while creating homeuserpublichtmlimagesscreenshotswiiualienisolation  codepre  pbelow is the code i use...p  precode        ltphp          ftpusername  user         ftpuserpass  password         ftpserver  www.site.com         gamename  alienisolation         path  homeuserpublichtmlimagesscreenshotswiiu . gamename .          connid  ftpconnectftpserver         loginresult  ftploginconnid, ftpusername, ftpuserpass          if ftpmkdirconnid, path           echo successfully created pathn          else           echo There was a problem while creating pathn                    ftpcloseconnid           gt codepre  pedit my php handler is set to DSO and now it worksp
Negative 10594 pIm writing a List ADT where I will be able to addremove items anywhere in the list unlike Stacks and Queues. I also want to be able to iterate through the list. So Im creating pointers to keep track of items.When I try to add items in the list in test harness class I get a bound missmatch.br Please take a look at the interface below I think you will be able to get a better idea.p  precodepackage List  public interface ListInterface lt ObjectType extends KeyInterface gt extends IterableltObjectTypegt       public void add  ObjectType item      adds item in front of the key      public ObjectType remove              returns item at the key and removes it      public ObjectType get                 returns item at the key      public boolean empty                  returns boolean  check for empty      public int length                     length of the list      public void toFront                   moves pointer to the front of the list       public void advance                   moves the pointer to the next item       public void find  String key          pointer finds the input key       public boolean offEnd                 returns true if pointer is off the list   codepre  pUsing a bounded type parameter to make ObjectType a subtype of codeKeyInterfacecode  Below is the KeyInterface p  precodepackage List  public interface KeyInterface       public String getKey    Returns the Key of the item  codepre  pHeres how my List implementation looks like. p  precodepackage List  import java.util.Iterator  public class ListImplementation lt ObjectType extends KeyInterface gt implements ListInterfaceltObjectTypegt        ObjectType[]  items    the items in the list     int  cursor   the list cursor     int  length   the length of the list       public ListImplementation          this100      constructor        public ListImplementationint size           items  ObjectType[] new KeyInterface[size]          cursor  0          length  0      constructor       Override     public IteratorltObjectTypegt iterator           return new ListIteratorltObjectTypegtthis           Override     public void addObjectType item      int  j          if  length gt items.length               throw new NullPointerException                  else              for  j  length1  jgtcursor  j                   items[j1]  items[j]                          items[cursor]  item             length  length  1                   Override     public ObjectType remove          ObjectType    i         int  j          if  cursor gt length               throw new NullPointerException                  else              i  items[cursor]             for  jcursor1  jltlength  j                   items[j1]  items[j]                          length  length1             items[length]  null             return i                   Override     public ObjectType get             if  cursor gt length                   throw new NullPointerException                          else                  return items[cursor]                        Override     public boolean empty           return length  0           Override     public int length          return length           Override     public void toFront          cursor  0             Override     public void advance           if  cursor lt length               cursor  cursor  1                    Override     public void findString key          while  cursor lt length ampamp key.compareToitems[cursor].getKey  0               cursor  cursor  1                    Override     public boolean offEnd          return cursor gt length        codepre  pLogically I dont see any errors in this class and I have tested the methods separately. Also made a List Iterator class to for iterating through the List. This is how it looks like. p  precodepublic class ListIteratorltObjectType extends KeyInterface gt implements IteratorltObjectTypegt       private int         cursor                        the cursor that iterates through the list     private ListImplementation ltObjectTypegt  list     the list being iterated over      ListIterator  ListImplementation ltObjectTypegt l            list  l         cursor  0         constructor      Override     public boolean hasNext          return cursor lt list.length          Override     public ObjectType next           ObjectType  i              if  cursor gt list.length                   throw new NoSuchElementException                          else                  i  list.items[cursor]                 cursor  cursor  1                 return i                       Override     public void remove           throw new UnsupportedOperationException  Doesnt do anything          codepre  pI know the remove method is doing nothing a its a bad design, please ignore it for now. Now Im stuck in the test Harness part. I dont know how can I add different items since there are so many extends in class.p  precodepublic static void mainString args[]     ListImplementation lt Stringgt ls  new ListImplementation lt Stringgt  codepre  pwhatever I put inside codeltgtcode turns out to be a bound mismatch.so what could be a valid substitute for the bounded parameter. Helpp
Negative 10594 pI have a collection where I am storing 2 locations for every entry.  These locations are  the starting point and destination point for a particular route. I know I can write the following query to find the nearby places to query for a particular locationp  precodeexports.nearby  functionreq, res db.testpool.find     fromLoc          near [28.423168, 77.045639],         maxDistance 1     ,  .toArrayfunctionerr, doc     res.senddoc     iferr         console.logerr     else              res.senddoc      codepre  pBut i dont know the query which i should make in order to find the relevant routes which  not only match fromLoc but also the toLoc and i keep getting error When i do something like this p  precodeexports.nearby  functionreq, res db.testpool.find     fromLoc          near [28.423168, 77.045639],         maxDistance 1     ,     toLoc          near [28.649573, 77.125284],         maxDistance 1      .toArrayfunctionerr, doc     res.senddoc     iferr         console.logerr     else              res.senddoc       codepre  pSo basically I want to find out the most relevant car pools entered by users which will have  2 locations per entry, e.g. starting location and destination location.p
Negative 10594 pI am using NFC shield v2.0 and it seems Sel0 and Sel1 pins are set for SPI mode and we cant change it saw in schematic files. So is there any way to change the values on this pins via softwareprogram to make it to work for I2C modep  pand inDataExchange function is not a member of SPI.cpp library while it is in I2C.cpp library is there any way to make HCE work with SPI modep
Negative 10594 pI have implemented my website in symfony2.4, but my blog in configured and installed in wordpress instance. p  pmy wesite is under varwwwhtmlwebsite and the DocumentRoot is in httpd.cont is set to varwwwhtmlwebsiteweb folder of symfony. p  pmy wordpress is installed in varwwwhtmlblog  I have created a soft link of the same in Symfonys web folder. But the wordpress site does not seem to work. p  pis there anything else that i need to configure p  pmy .htaccess file from sumfonys web folder looks something like thisp  precode    enter code here ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt     RewriteEngine On       Determine the RewriteBase automatically and set it as environment variable.      If you are using Apache aliases to do mass virtual hosting or installed the      project in a subdirectory, the base path will be prepended to allow proper      resolution of the app.php file and to redirect to the correct URI. It will      work in environments without path prefix as well, providing a safe, onesize      fits all solution. But as you do not need it in this case, you can comment      the following 2 lines to eliminate the overhead.     RewriteCond REQUESTURI1 ..2     RewriteRule .  [EBASE1]      RewriteCond HTTPHOST mywebsite.com     RewriteRule . httpwww.mywebsite.com1 [R301,L]      RewriteBase      RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f     RewriteCond REQUESTURI blog     RewriteRule . app.php [QSA,L]   Redirect to URI without front controller to prevent duplicate content      with and without app.php. Only do this redirect on the initial      rewrite by Apache and not on subsequent cycles. Otherwise we would get an      endless redirect loop request gt rewrite to front controller gt      redirect gt request gt ....      So in case you get a too many redirects error or you always get redirected      to the start page because your Apache does not expose the REDIRECTSTATUS      environment variable, you have 2 choices       disable this feature by commenting the following 2 lines or       use Apache gt 2.3.9 and replace all L flags by END flags and remove the        following RewriteCond best solution     RewriteCond ENVREDIRECTSTATUS      RewriteRule app.php. ENVBASE2 [R301,L]       If the requested filename exists, simply serve it.      We only want to let Apache serve files and not directories.     RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f     RewriteRule .  [L]       Rewrite all other queries to the front controller.     RewriteRule . ENVBASEapp.php [L] ltIfModulegt  ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt     ltIfModule modalias.cgt          When modrewrite is not available, we instruct a temporary redirect of          the start page to the front controller explicitly so that the website          and the generated links can still be used.         RedirectMatch 302  app.php          RedirectTemp cannot be used instead     ltIfModulegt ltIfModulegt codepre
Negative 10594 precodetable name mysample. table columns id  PK, names  pk, age. codepre  pinside mysamplep  precodeid    names      age 1    Nicole       19   2    Sam          20   3    Mark         15  codepre  pIm using MySQL Workbench. p  pThat is the result after I use this queryp  precodeload data local infile CUsersmysample.csv into table mysample fields terminated by , enclosed by  lines terminated by n ignore 1 lines names, age  codepre  pThis will load the csv file into the database. I modified the csv file and made these changes.p  pinside modifies csv filep  precodenames       age Nicole       20   Sam          15   Mark         13 May          10 codepre  pWhat I want to achieve is that the rows Nicole, Sam and Mark will be updated thus having no similar names. Thats why I made the names as the primary key. I searched and found the REPLACE query syntax.p  precodeload data local infile CUsersmysample.csv replace into table mysample fields     terminated by , enclosed by  lines terminated by n ignore 1 lines names, age codepre  pBut I got these results on my databasep  precodeid    names        age 1     Nicole       19 2     Sam          20 3     Mark         15 4     Nicole       20 5     Sam          15 6     Mark         13 7     May          10 codepre  pHow can I specify the REPLACE query to replace the rows with the same primary keyp
Negative 10594 pI want to extend the default functionality and for integration with social networks I want to store profiles avatar Url as well. I think it would be reasonable to extend codeIdentityUserLogincode class that stores information about the integration but cant find any information how to do that. p  pAm I on the right way or its bad idea and better to use some other solutionp
Negative 10594 pHow to convert bmp to png properly I was using this codep  precodedefine WIN32LEANANDMEAN define CRTSECURENODEPRECATE  include ltpng.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include ltstdint.hgt  void GetDesktopResolutionintamp horizontal, intamp vertical      RECT desktop      Get a handle to the desktop window     const HWND hDesktop  GetDesktopWindow      Get the size of screen to the variable desktop     GetWindowRecthDesktop, ampdesktop      The top left corner will have coordinates 0,0      and the bottom right corner will have coordinates      horizontal, vertical     horizontal  desktop.right     vertical  desktop.bottom   typedef struct RGBPixel      uint8t blue     uint8t green     uint8t red  RGBPixel   Structure for containing decompressed bitmaps.  typedef struct RGBBitmap      RGBPixel pixels     sizet width     sizet height     sizet bytewidth     uint8t bytesperpixel  RGBBitmap   Returns pixel of bitmap at given point.  define RGBPixelAtPointimage, x, y      imagegtpixels  imagegtbytewidth  y                           x  imagegtbytesperpixel   Attempts to save PNG to file returns 0 on success, nonzero on error.  int savepngtofileRGBBitmap bitmap, const char path      FILE fp  fopenpath, wb     pngstructp pngptr  NULL     pnginfop infoptr  NULL     sizet x, y     pnguint32 bytesperrow     pngbyte rowpointers  NULL      if fp  NULL return 1       Initialize the write struct.      pngptr  pngcreatewritestructPNGLIBPNGVERSTRING, NULL, NULL, NULL     if pngptr  NULL          fclosefp         return 1            Initialize the info struct.      infoptr  pngcreateinfostructpngptr     if infoptr  NULL          pngdestroywritestructamppngptr, NULL         fclosefp         return 1            Set up error handling.      if setjmppngjmpbufpngptr          pngdestroywritestructamppngptr, ampinfoptr         fclosefp         return 1            Set image attributes.      pngsetIHDRpngptr,                  infoptr,                  bitmapgtwidth,                  bitmapgtheight,                  8,                  PNGCOLORTYPERGB,                  PNGINTERLACENONE,                  PNGCOMPRESSIONTYPEDEFAULT,                  PNGFILTERTYPEDEFAULT       Initialize rows of PNG.      bytesperrow  bitmapgtwidth  bitmapgtbytesperpixel     pngmallocpngptr, bitmapgtheight  sizeofpngbyte      for y  0 y lt bitmapgtheight y          uint8t row  uint8t pngmallocpngptr, sizeofuint8t bitmapgtbytesperpixel         rowpointers[y]  pngbyte row  MARKED LINE          for x  0 x lt bitmapgtwidth x              RGBPixel color  RGBPixelAtPointbitmap, x, y             row  color.red             row  color.green             row  color.blue                     Actually write the image data.      pnginitiopngptr, fp     pngsetrowspngptr, infoptr, rowpointers     pngwritepngpngptr, infoptr, PNGTRANSFORMIDENTITY, NULL       Cleanup.      for y  0 y lt bitmapgtheight y          pngfreepngptr, rowpointers[y]          pngfreepngptr, rowpointers       Finish writing.      pngdestroywritestructamppngptr, ampinfoptr     fclosefp     return 0   int main          RGBBitmap rgbbitmap     int w, h     GetDesktopResolutionw, h     rgbbitmap.height  h     rgbbitmap.width  w     rgbbitmap.bytesperpixel  1     rgbbitmap.bytewidth  w  100      RGBPixel rgbpixel     rgbpixel.blue  100     rgbpixel.green  100     rgbpixel.red  100     rgbbitmap.pixels  amprgbpixel      savepngtofileamprgbbitmap, abc.bmp          return 0  codepre  pBut at runtime, Im getting this error on the marked line p  blockquote   pUnhandled exception at 0x01258F04 in ProjectName.exe 0xC0000005 Access violation writing location 0x00000000.p blockquote  pIve searched in the net, Ive found a hrefhttpkb.roguewave.comkbViewentryampEntryID1847ampMsg relnofollowthis interesting small codea, but I wasnt able to found its mother lib. And, I think that using libpng gives you more control on your output image.p  pHow do I fix this issue Or, maybe its a wrong way to convert If so, how may I do thatp
Negative 10594 pWe are going to create a backed that will have lots of users and our design principle is to create a separated database for each user, this way we have more controll if we have to roll back or anything...p  pIs it possible to have a users database and the create new databases on the go and connect to them depwnding on the user in laravelp  pIf so, how do we do thatp  pThan you so muchp
Negative 10594 pSo this doesnt seem like a terribly complicated question I have, but its one I cant find the answer too.  Im just confused about what the p option does in Unix.  I used it for a lab assignment while creating a subdirectory and then another subdirectory within that one.  It looked like thisp  precodemkdir p cmps012mlab1 codepre  pThis is in a private directory with normal rights rlidwka.  Thanks in advance  Oh, and would someone mind giving a little explanation of what  rlidwka means  Im not a total noob to Unix, but Im not really familiar with what this means.  Hopefully thats not too vague of a question.p
Negative 10594 pIm currently working on an assignment for school and Im a bit stuck. The resources Ive look at are in this a hrefhttppeople.csail.mit.eduhasinoff320pyramidmorphing.txt relnofollowtutoriala second half of page and the algorithm Ive tried to code is in this a hrefhttpwww.cs.princeton.educoursesarchivefall00cs426papersbeier92.pdf relnofollowpapera. For reasons of my class assignments get recycled I cant post my code on here, so Ill do a breakdown of what Im understanding and hopefully someone can point out a problem with my understanding. If not that, then 11 help looking at my carefully commented C would be appreciated, if at all possible. p  pIm given a VXL image that can be accessed via the RBG pixel values for a source, and a destination, and Im also given a structure that contains lines referred to by their start and end point coordinates, additionally variable a, b, and p are given. p  pSo I go through the destination image coordinates double loop through i, j, and then an inner loop through the lines. I calculate u and v as followsp  ul licodeu  dotproductXP,QP   QP  QP codeli ul  pwhere XP is the coordinate of the destination emXi,j  Pi,jem, the starting point of the line and QP is emQi,j  Pi,jem where Q is the end point of the line, and  denotes magnitudep  ul licodev  dotproductperpQP, XP   QP codeli ul  pwhere perpQP  QPi, jp  pThen using PQ the lines from the source, I calculate Xp  ul licodeX  P  u  QP   vperpQP  QP  codeli ul  pwhere X are the coordinates from the source image and emX in [0, lengthwidth of image]em restricted by dimensions of image, and pixels accessiblep  ul licodeweight    QP p  a  dist bcodeli ul  pwhere dist is given by em absv if u in 0,1  or  XQ if u  1  or  XP if u lt 0emp  pso Ive tried implementing it in 2 ways which end up giving the same thing, so they must be equivalent, as is in the paper where X for each destination pixel is set to codeX  X  DSUM weightsumcode so that codeDSUM  D  weightcode and codeD  X  Xcode and codeweightsum  weightcode these are calculated in the inner loop, and X is calculated for every destination coordinatep  pand Ive tried to implement it as the tutorial does so that codeX  DSUMweightsumcode where codeDSUM  X  weightcode and weightsum is the same as the previousp  pThis assignment is due April 3, and yes this is considered having started early when in university. First time asking a question on these boards, hopefully someone can be a bit helpful in a non esoteric way with tons of over my head explanations. I have enough of that in class with my professors insulting my intelligence in class.p
Negative 10594 pThe scenario is this in a table A, I have one column tags, which is varchar255. In this column I store numbers, separated by commas, like thisp  pcode2,14,31,33,56codep  petc. there can be none, one, or several.p  pand I need to make a SELECT query that will return rows that have a certain number in this field. right now Im using this method dont be alarmed, I know its a poor way.. thats why Im asking for help. for example, lets assume the number I want to check is 33. the query isp  precodeSELECT  FROM tablea WHERE tags LIKE ,33, OR tags LIKE 33, OR tags LIKE ,33 OR tags LIKE 33 codepre  pIm no expert but I know this cant be the method. The first question that comes to mind is is there a command similar to codeINcode but that works the other way aroundp  pI mean, can I tell it find rows where tags contains value 33 p  pWhen asking this question, I can see that there may be another field type other than varchar255 to contain this type of data an array of numbers, after allp  pIs there a GOOD and efficient way of doing this my method works for small tables, yes, but if the table grows.. say, 10k rows, 50k, 300k ...  this is obviously a problem.p
Negative 10594 phello i have an array and i cant seem to get the minimum and maximum value of it idk what is wrong here is my codep  precode    var repeat, studentArr  [], markArr  [] while repeat  n ampamp repeat  N     studentArr.pushpromptEnter Student Name      markArr.pushparseInt promptEnter Student mark      repeat  prompt Do you want to enter another student yn     function min markArr     var min  Number.MaxValue     forvar i  0 i lt markArr.length i        ifnumbermarkArr[i] lt min            min  numbermarkArr[i]           return markArr  var smallest  minmarkArr  function max markArr     var max  Number.MaxValue     forvar i  0 i gt markArr.length i        ifnumbermarkArr[i] lt max            max  numbermarkArr[i]           return markArr  var largest  maxmarkArr      document.writelargest codepre
Negative 10594 precodefrom flask import Flask from flask.ext.sqlalchemy import SQLAlchemy  app  Flaskname  app.config[SQLALCHEMYDATABASEURI]  sqlitetmptest.db  db  SQLAlchemyapp                                class Userdb.Model      id  db.Columndb.Integer, primarykeyTrue     username  db.Columndb.String80, uniqueTrue     email  db.Columndb.String120, uniqueTrue      def initself, username, email         self.username  username         self.email  email      def reprself         return ltUser rgt  self.username codepre  pThis code I have found in SQLAlchemy documentation. codedbSQLAlchemyappcode It means that db is a object. class codeUserdb.Modelcode by looking at the line it looks like that db is a module name.p  pwhat basically db iscan someone explain me.p  pa hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comappenginedocspythondatastoremodelclass relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comappenginedocspythondatastoremodelclassa I have read this but not able to understand.p
Negative 10594 pHi all I am making an app which requires me to send multiple push notifications to users which has distinct values which will be shows when user click on them from status bar.p  pI am making the intent using the below codep  precode     NotificationManager notificationManager  NotificationManager              context.getSystemServiceContext.NOTIFICATIONSERVICE      Notification notification  new Notification      notification.when  when       notification.icon  icon      Intent notificationIntent  new Intentcontext,RecentStoryPage.class      notificationIntent.putExtraid, idleader      notificationIntent.putExtratitle, title      notificationIntent.putExtramessage, message       set intent so it does not start a new activity      notificationIntent.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP  Intent.FLAGACTIVITYSINGLETOP      PendingIntent intent  PendingIntent.getActivitycontext, 0, notificationIntent, PendingIntent.FLAGUPDATECURRENT      notification.setLatestEventInfocontext, title, , intent      notification.flags  Notification.FLAGAUTOCANCEL                 Play default notification sound      notification.defaults  Notification.DEFAULTSOUND                 Vibrate if vibrate is enabled      notification.defaults  Notification.DEFAULTVIBRATE              notificationManager.notifyInteger.parseIntid, notification   codepre  pWhen I send single notification, this does not make any issues however whenever I make multiple notifications, whichever notification I click on, it always opens with the recent value.p  pPlease help me out.p
Negative 10594 pThere is a singleton object of EventHandler class to receive events from the mainthread. It registers the input to a vector and creates a thread that runs a lambda function that waits for some time before deleting the input from the vector to prevent repeated execution of the event for this input for some time.p  pBut Im getting mutex destroyed while busy error. Im not sure where it happened and how it happened. I am not even sure what it meant either because it shouldnt be deconstructed ever as a singleton object. Some help would be appreciated.p  precodeclass EventHandler public     stdmutex simpleLock     stdvectorltUInt32gt stuff     void RegisterBlockUInt32 input         stuff.pushbackinput         stdthread removalCallBack[amp]UInt32 input             stdthisthreadsleepforstdchronomilliseconds200             simpleLock.lock             auto it  Findstuff, input             if it  stuff.end                 stuff.eraseit             simpleLock.simpleLock.unlock         , input         removalCallBack.detach          virtual EventResult ReceiveEventUInt32 input             simpleLock.lock             if Findstuff, input  stuff.end                 RegisterBlockinput                 dostuff                          simpleLock.simpleLock.unlock       codepre
Negative 10594 pwordI have a vector of strings and I need to assign each string to a check box. I am trying to insert the check boxes into a scroll area. I have a premade scroll bar on my main UI that is named scroll bar. How do I represent each string in my vector as a check box in my scroll areap  pCurrently I havep  precodeforauto word words  words is a vector of words      My attempt to dynamicaly create a check box     QCheckBox checkbox  new QCheckBox QStringfromStdStringword      thisgtuigtscrollAreagtsetWidgetcheckbox  codepre  pFor some reason this code will only add a single check box with the word to the scroll area.p  pPS if there is another widget that would be easier to use other then a scroll bar I can use that instead as long as I have the ability to scroll.p
Negative 10594 pFrom a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12527707givingrightaligntonumericdataindatatablesthis posta I gather we should define an codealignRightcode CSS class with the desired alignmentp  precode ui.R sidebarLayout...,     mainPanel         tagshead             tagsstyle.alignRight  align right , media  all, type  textcss         ,         ...      content with call to dataTableOutputmyTable       codepre  pand then when creating the DataTable, use the a hrefhttpdatatables.netusagecolumns relnofollowcodeaoColumnDefscodea option to set class of the desired columns to codealignRightcodep  precode server.R shinyServer     functioninput, output ...         outputmyTable lt renderDataTable...,             options  list                 aoColumnDefs  [aTargets [7, 9, 10], sClass alignRight]                             codepre  pHowever, this has had no effect on my DataTable, when remains left aligned for all columns. I thought a simple alignment issue would be easy to sort out, but after many hours, apparently not so. Any ideas would be much appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI have a problem , that update function in codeQGraphicsItemcode doesnt work. What I want to do is , when I move circle , other codeQGraphicsItemcode in the mean time roundrect  changes color. This is a example, what I want to dop  pcircle.cppp  precodevoid CircleItemmouseMoveEventQGraphicsSceneMouseEvent event       RoundRect Object     RectItemgtSetBackGround     QGraphicsItemmouseMoveEvent event   codepre  pRoundRect.cppp  precodevoid RoundRectItemSetBackGround      ChangeBackground  true     update   void RoundRectItempaintQPainter painter, const QStyleOptionGraphicsItem option, QWidget widget      QRectF rec  QRectF QPoint 0,0 , boundingRect.size  2       roundRect  QRectFrec.adjustedrec.height  2, 0, rec.height2, 0      roundRect.moveTo boundingRect.center.x  roundRect.width  2,                       boundingRect.center.y  roundRect.height  2       if ChangeBackground          paintergtsetBrush backBrush      else         paintergtsetBrush QBrush Qtblue        paintergtsetPen QColor 255,255,255        paintergtdrawRoundedRectroundRect, roundRect.height  2, roundRect.height  2   codepre  pSo the question is, how can I make this codeupdatecode work right.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to implement the following code to  read codejsoncode data from a codeurlcode which is in the form of p  precode[name Adam, countryUS,Age21,name....] codepre  pIm able to see the first log codeconsole.logherecode but it is not entering the second log codeconsole.logjsonherecode, any thoughts on where I have made a mistakep  pCODEp  precodedocument.readyfunction       console.loghere     var url  url      .getJSONurl  callback, null, function data          console.logjsonhere         .eachdata, function idx, obj              .eachobj, function key, value                  tw2.appendkey                 console.logkey     value                             codepre
Negative 10594 pIve done everithing I need to in order to ADB recognize my devicep  pAs you can see, it is connected.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comn3ShQ.png altenter image description herep  pBut eclipse wont let me work in peacep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCw8QT.png altenter image description herep  pAdditional infop  precodejuanjuanTE5 lsusb  Bus 002 Device 006 ID 22b82d66 Motorola PCS   juanjuanTE5 cat etcudevrules.d51android.rules UBSYSTEMusb, SYSFSidVendor22b8, MODE0666 SUBSYSTEMusb, ATTRidVendor04e8, MODE0666, GROUPplugdev codepre  pI have also checked in the device debuggable mode.p  pAny ideasp  pUpdatedp  pNow I see thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQZiKX.png altenter image description herep
Negative 10594 pMy foreach loop should only return 1 result, however, it returns three, of the same p  pIm using Blade for the template  p  blockquote   pcountalertsp blockquote  preturns 1. But the foreach loop belowp  precodeforeachalerts as alert     lttrgt         lttdgt alertsgtid lttdgt     lttrgt endforeach codepre  pThe controller function passing the array of data isp  precodepublic function getIndex       id      Authusergtid         alert  Alertfindid           thisgtlayoutgtcontent  Viewmakeindex, arrayalerts gt alert   codepre  pA DDalert also returns just 1 result.p  pAny help would be hugely appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pIm beginner with libgdx and i looking for answer how to link actor and bodybox2d for a lot time, so please help me p  pI have following codep  precode CLASS ACTOR public class MyActor extends Actor              Texture texture         float actorX  0, actorY  0         public boolean clicked  false         public String id          public MyActorfloat x, float y, String id, String tekstura                      this.texture  new TextureGdx.files.internaltekstura             this.id  id             actorX  x             actorY  y              setBoundsactorX, actorY, texture.getWidth, texture.getHeight             addListenernew InputListener                              public boolean touchDownInputEvent event, float x, float y,                         int pointer, int button                                      MyActor co  MyActor event.getTarget                     co.clicked  true                     System.out.printlnco.id                     co.remove                     return true                                                  Override         public void drawSpriteBatch batch, float alpha                      batch.drawtexture, actorX, actorY                  .................... ....................... ........................ .......................... CREATING SIMPLE OBJECT          MyActor samolot1  new MyActor100, 300, samolot1, datajet.png         samolot1.setTouchableTouchable.enabled         stage.addActorsamolot1             WORLD            1         BodyDef bodydefmojapostac  new BodyDef         bodydefmojapostac.type  BodyType.DynamicBody         bodydefmojapostac.position.set400, 100          CircleShape shapemojapostac  new CircleShape         shapemojapostac.setRadius30          FixtureDef fixturedefmojapostac  new FixtureDef         fixturedefmojapostac.density  0.1f         fixturedefmojapostac.friction  0.8f         fixturedefmojapostac.restitution  0.7f         fixturedefmojapostac.shape  shapemojapostac          Body BodyMojaPostac  world.createBodybodydefmojapostac         BodyMojaPostac.createFixturefixturedefmojapostac           BodyMojaPostac.setUserDatasamolot1 codepre  pand renderp  precode...... batch.begin         world.getBodiestmpBodies         for Body body  tmpBodies             if body.getUserData  null                              System.out.printlnbody.getUserData                 MyActor dupa  MyActor body.getUserData                 batch.drawdupa.texture, dupa.actorX, dupa.actorY                      batch.end ..... codepre  pI can link body with sprite but i dont know how with actor p
Negative 10594 pI have an array likep  precode[[score, count], [score, count]] codepre  pI need to add all the scores and divide by all the counts p  pHere is an examplep  precode[[10, 2], [5, 2]]  10x2  5x24  7.5 codepre
Negative 10594 pI have Table of Contents on Page number two and want to give link to same page from all pages of my document, If I created link in footer, it is not clickable.p  pSo what should be donep
Negative 10594 pI have a table codesamplecode with two columns codeidcode and codecntcode and another table codePostTagscode with two columns codepostidcode and codetagidcode p  pI want to update all cnt values with their corresponding counts and I have written the following query p  precodeUPDATE sample SET cnt  SELECT COUNTtagid         FROM PostTags         WHERE sample.postid  PostTags.postid         GROUP BY PostTags.postid codepre  pI intend to update entire column at once and I seem to accomplish this. But performancewise, is this the best way Or is there a better wayp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pIve been running this query without GROUP BY for over 1 hour for 18m records. Im looking for a query that is better in performance.p
Negative 10594 pI ported a Java web application which used JDK 1.5 and ran under Tomcat 5.5 to now use JDK 1.7 and running under Tomcat 7. I am tasked with developing a Java batch program that will be scheduled. Many of the classes used by the batch process are also used by the web app as well.p  pTen years ago I wrote a batch process to use concurrent scheduler. What are some ways today to implement a scheduled batch process using the environment I mentioned abovep  pstrongEditstrong It has been suggested that I use quartz or ScheduledExecutorService. After taking a look at both of those solutions, I think they may provide more than what I need. At the moment, there exists a batch process that is basically a Java program scheduled to run as a Windows NT Server scheduled task and this approach works well enough for the existing batch process. The new batch process that I will develop can follow this approach as well but next I have a deployment question. The .class files and the .properties and the .jar files used by the batch process are in a separate folder from the web application in webapps. What I need is an automated deployment strategy for the batch processes only. I will mark my original question as answered and ask a new question about the deployment.p
Negative 10594 pI have installed guard jasmineheadless webkit but it is causing an error. From the output I think its the only one.p  pDoes anyone know how to fix this, so it can find the file.p  pThis is the outputp  precode guard init Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemspry1.0.0.pre1libprypryclass.rb249 warning Insecure world writable dir usrlocalbin in PATH, mode 040777 161318  INFO  Writing new Guardfile to UsersredresDesktopmailtestGuardfile 161319  INFO  jammit guard added to Guardfile, feel free to edit it Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardpluginbase.rb53in read No such file or directory  Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguardjasmineheadlesswebkit0.3.2libguardjasmineheadlesswebkittemplatesGuardfile ErrnoENOENT     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardpluginbase.rb53in template     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardpluginutil.rb129in block in addtoguardfile     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardpluginutil.rb126in open     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardpluginutil.rb126in addtoguardfile     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardguardfilegenerator.rb62in initializetemplate     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardguardfilegenerator.rb88in block in initializealltemplates     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardguardfilegenerator.rb88in each     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardguardfilegenerator.rb88in initializealltemplates     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardguardfile.rb39in initializealltemplates     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0libguardcli.rb167in init     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsthor0.18.1libthorcommand.rb27in run     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsthor0.18.1libthorinvocation.rb120in invokecommand     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsthor0.18.1libthor.rb363in dispatch     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsthor0.18.1libthorbase.rb439in start     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484gemsguard2.4.0binguard6in lttop requiredgt     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484binguard23in load     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484binguard23in ltmaingt     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484binrubyexecutablehooks15in eval     from Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484binrubyexecutablehooks15in ltmaingt codepre  pstrongEditstrongp  pIf I do codefind Usersredres.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p484  grep Guardfilecode I get lots of hitsp  pThe .rvmgems folder also contains these folders twice ruby1.9.3p484global and ruby1.9.3p484. If I list the ruby versions, I get current, default and current ampamp default.p  pI tryd codesudo chmod 777 R Usersredres.rvmcode, but then I get codechmod R No such file or directorycodep
Negative 10594 pMy app is designed to be used outdoors yachting and displays a web page in a WebView so I can use all the display area, fix in landscape, disable extraneous inputs like the BACKKEY etc.. br In the web page, I want to capture the oncontextmenu event on an image likep  precodeltimg srcstartlinepin.png width55px      idpinButton  oncontextmenu  startLinePressPIN return falsegt codepre  pWhen I open the page in my apps webview, a long press doesnt fire the event. Android doesnt seem to be passing the longpress event to the web page. br If I open the page directly in Chrome, my startLinePress function is called with a long press as I intended. brp  pSo, can anyone suggest how I get the longpress to be passed into the HTML in my WebView instead of it being handled by Androidp
Negative 10594 pI want to make a simple website on a local server that would be accessed by only one device at a time. Ive found user management scripts but they are more more complex than what I am searching for. I dont need it to be password protected or have different kind of users andor rights. Juste a page where only one person at a time can connect.p  pIs there a way to make it in PHP p  pIve first searched for an option in my server lighttpd then for some kind of htaccess but I think PHP is the only way to do it right.p  pThank you for your consideration.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to execute a job that will transcoder a video file... I have a php filep  precodeltphp require vendorautoload.php  use AwsElasticTranscoderElasticTranscoderClient   Create a service locator using a configuration file client  ElasticTranscoderClientfactoryarray         key    gt my key,         secret gt my secret,         region gt uswest2,   result  clientgtcreateJobarray         PipelineId gt my pipeline id,         Input gt array                 Key gt video.mp4,                 FrameRate gt auto,                 Resolution gt auto,                 AspectRatio gt auto,                  Interlaced gt auto,                 Container gt auto,         ,         Output gt array                 Key gt output.mp4,                 ThumbnailPattern gt thumbcount.jpg,                 Rotate gt auto,                 PresetId gt 1351620000001000010,         ,   gt codepre  pand I call this script like transcoder.phpp  pThe thing is that if I call this from my root from VPS like strongphp transcoder.phpstrong it works just fine, but if I try to call it from my browser safari, chrome, firefox I get ap  precodeFatal error Uncaught exception AwsElasticTranscoderExceptionElasticTranscoderException in homemyuserpublichtmltestvendorawsawssdkphpsrcAwsCommonExceptionNamespaceExceptionFactory.php91   Stack trace   0 homemyuserpublichtmltestvendorawsawssdkphpsrcAwsCommonExceptionNamespaceExceptionFactory.php76 AwsCommonExceptionNamespaceExceptionFactorygtcreateExceptionAwsElasticTran..., ObjectGuzzleHttpMessageEntityEnclosingRequest, ObjectGuzzleHttpMessageResponse, Array   1 homemyuserpublichtmltestvendorawsawssdkphpsrcAwsCommonExceptionExceptionListener.php55 AwsCommonExceptionNamespaceExceptionFactorygtfromResponseObjectGuzzleHttpMessageEntityEnclosingRequest, ObjectGuzzleHttpMessageResponse   2 [internal function] AwsCommonExceptionExceptionListenergtonRequestErrorObjectGuzzleCommonEvent, request.error, ObjectSymfonyComponentEventDispatcherEventDispatcher   3 homemyuserpublichtmltestvendorsymfonyeventdispatcherSymfonyComponentEven in homemyuserpublichtmltesttranscoder.php on line 35 codepre  pAny idea why it works from root and why it doesnt work from browser I need to access it from browser.p
Negative 10594 pIm creating an application with image sharing elements. Everything works fine except when I try to run my app on emulator, its unable to show the correct output as per the code. On the other hand, when I test my application on my Android device, it shows an codeUnexpected Errorcode. I tried to restart my device and also created a new emulator, but none of them were helpful for me.p  pThe offending code, line 55 on codeFullImageActivitycode isp  precodeBitmap bitmap  BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetResources, R.id.fullimageview codepre  pHere is the LogCatp  precode0423 050307.907 WEGLemulation1172 eglSurfaceAttrib not implemented 0423 050308.137 Ddalvikvm1172 GCFORALLOC freed 33K, 3 free 4846K4952K, paused 39ms, total 40ms 0423 050310.607 WEGLemulation1172 eglSurfaceAttrib not implemented 0423 050311.767 DAndroidRuntime1172 Shutting down VM 0423 050311.777 Wdalvikvm1172 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0xb4a8cb90 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172 Process com.lol.meme, PID 1172 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172 java.lang.NullPointerException 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at com.lol.meme.FullImageActivity.onOptionsItemSelectedFullImageActivity.java55 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at android.app.Activity.onMenuItemSelectedActivity.java2599 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindow.onMenuItemSelectedPhoneWindow.java1012 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at com.android.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder.dispatchMenuItemSelectedMenuBuilder.java735 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at com.android.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl.invokeMenuItemImpl.java152 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at com.android.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder.performItemActionMenuBuilder.java874 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at com.android.internal.view.menu.MenuPopupHelper.onItemClickMenuPopupHelper.java177 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at android.widget.AdapterView.performItemClickAdapterView.java299 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at android.widget.AbsListView.performItemClickAbsListView.java1113 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at android.widget.AbsListViewPerformClick.runAbsListView.java2904 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at android.widget.AbsListView3.runAbsListView.java3638 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java733 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java95 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4998 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java777 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java593 0423 050311.777 EAndroidRuntime1172     at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0423 050315.517 IProcess1172 Sending signal. PID 1172 SIG 9 0423 050316.447 Ddalvikvm1200 GCFORALLOC freed 60K, 4 free 3117K3244K, paused 27ms, total 30ms 0423 050316.707 D1200 HostConnectionget New Host Connection established 0xb8c69818, tid 1200 0423 050316.967 WEGLemulation1200 eglSurfaceAttrib not implemented 0423 050316.977 DOpenGLRenderer1200 Enabling debug mode 0 0423 050317.057 Ddalvikvm1200 GCFORALLOC freed 5K, 4 free 3206K3336K, paused 21ms, total 22ms 0423 050317.127 Ddalvikvm1200 GCFORALLOC freed lt1K, 4 free 3608K3740K, paused 20ms, total 21ms 0423 050317.247 Ddalvikvm1200 GCFORALLOC freed lt1K, 4 free 4027K4164K, paused 20ms, total 20ms 0423 050317.357 Ddalvikvm1200 GCFORALLOC freed 1K, 4 free 4345K4480K, paused 21ms, total 21ms 0423 050317.447 IChoreographer1200 Skipped 63 frames  The application may be doing too much work on its main thread. codepre
Negative 10594 pI have time format like code[Ymd HMS]code and time stamp like code[20090511 073000]code. What I need is How to compare these two values. Possible is that time stamp is not similar like time format, for example code[Ymd HM]code. This is wrong.  Some ideasp
Negative 10594 pHow can I send AUTH command to authenticate the connection using FlaskRedis in Flask app I know FlaskRedis is just a small wrapper for redispy but I cant figure out how to handle the authorization.p
Negative 10594 pIm having a little trouble understanding how InstallShield treats upgrades.p  pWhat I want is to be able to increment the version number on the installer, recompile, and distribute my installer. This should automatically remove any previous version of the application, and install the latest version and it should be presented to the user as an upgrade.p  pThis is a very straightforward installer, it just takes output from a few Visual Studio projects an application EXE, some DLLs and so forth and installs them all into Program Files. There is only one feature and it is always installed.p  pI dont want to change the upgrade code of the product because I would then have to create new upgrade paths one for each previous version, which is messy.p  pIve tried this before incrementing the version number, but not changing either the Product Code or the Upgrade Code, but each time I do, when I run the installer to upgrade the product, it says Resuming the wizard for [ProductName], and sometimes some of the files are not replaced with their newer counterparts from the newer installer.p  pI am not incrementing the revision number of the version number. I know thats ignored. Typically, I will try something like code2.0.3 gt 2.0.4code.p  pHow can I set up InstallShield so that it automatically removes any previous versions, installs the newest version, and presents this to the user as an Upgrade or Update if they already have a previous version installed If not, it should install like normal an Install, not an Update.p  pIm using InstallShield 2013 Pro Version 20 SP1, and I stick to using the InstallShield Editor within Visual Studio 2010.p
Negative 10594 pSo I am trying to get a list to incrementally load for windows desktop. I have this on the GridViewp  precodeIncrementalLoadingTriggerEdge IncrementalLoadingThreshold1.5 codepre  pI listen for the events and it loads the next page. The problem is that when you move the page just a little more, it loads up that and the next like 58 pages of results without stopping. This causes a huge hit in performance. Anyone know how to fix this Any good tutorials you know of for this. p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to save a screenshot of a chart using xamarin. Everything is fine, except that there are times that the chart is wider than the frame, and the user needs to scroll  saving a screenshot of this gives me a truncated chart. Been scratching my head on this for almost 2 days now, below is the code. Hope anyone can point me to something.p  precodeUIImage image UIGraphics.BeginImageContext UIScreen.MainScreen.ApplicationFrame.Size View.DrawViewHierarchy View.Frame, true image  UIGraphics.GetImageFromCurrentImageContext  UIGraphics.EndImageContext  image.SaveToPhotosAlbumimg, err gt  ...  codepre
Negative 10594 pIm creating a plugin for CRM 2011, I have referenced the Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.dll and Im using other objects like EntityReference and others with no problem. However, I cannot use ColumnSet, Im getting an error missing assembly or reference. p  pI couldnt find online what indicates that ColumnSet cannot be used in Plugins, so do you have an idea whats going on  p  pEDIT Same thing for QueryExpression, I cannot use itp
Negative 10594 pFor my project I have to have two code.javacode classes and two .xml files. The first one that I have created is codeSplashActivity.javacode. After I have created that class, put some code in there, and worked with my codeactivitysplash.xmlcode. I needed to create the codeMainActivity.javacode class. I went into the p  blockquote   pAndroidManifest.xml  Application  Add  Actiivity. Name    .MainActivityp blockquote  pIn my codeMainActivity.javacode class I write an codeonCreatecode method to create the codeactivitymain.xmlcode. However, my eclipse emulator underlines the activitymain with a red underline. When I move my mouse to it, it gives me several options strongCreate filed activitymain in type layout, Create constant activitymain in type layoutstrong. I am not sure which ones of those are correct way to fix the issue thats why I decided not to mess with codeR.javacode. But I am confused why I have that error because as far as I am concerned my code is correct. p  pThe following are the codes p  pstrongSplashActivity.javastrongp  precodepackage com.example.easternmusic  import java.util.Timer import java.util.TimerTask  import android.app.Activity import android.app.ActionBar import android.app.Fragment import android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuItem import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup import android.os.Build  public class SplashActivity extends Activity   Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitysplash     TimerTask task  new TimerTask           Override         public void run               TODO Autogenerated method stub             finish             startActivitynew  IntentSplashActivity.this,MainActivity.class                    Timer opening  new Timer      opening.scheduletask, 5000       if savedInstanceState  null          getFragmentManager.beginTransaction                 .addR.id.container, new   PlaceholderFragment.commit        Override public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu        Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.     getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.splash, menu     return true   Override public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item       Handle action bar item clicks here. The action bar will      automatically handle clicks on the HomeUp button, so long      as you specify a parent activity in AndroidManifest.xml.     int id  item.getItemId     if id  R.id.actionsettings          return true          return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem      A placeholder fragment containing a simple view.   public static class PlaceholderFragment extends Fragment       public PlaceholderFragment            Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,             Bundle savedInstanceState          View rootView  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentsplash,                 container, false         return rootView         codepre  pstrongAndroidManifest.xmlstrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid packagecom.example.easternmusic androidversionCode1 androidversionName1.0 gt  ltusessdk     androidminSdkVersion19     androidtargetSdkVersion19 gt  ltapplication     androidallowBackuptrue     androidicondrawableiclauncher     androidlabelstringappname     androidthemestyleAppTheme gt     ltactivity         androidnamecom.example.easternmusic.SplashActivity         androidlabelstringappname gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt              ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt     ltactivity androidname.MainActivitygtltactivitygt  ltapplicationgt  ltmanifestgt codepre  pstrongMainActivity.javastrongp  precodepackage com.example.easternmusic  import android.app.Activity import android.app.ActionBar import android.app.Fragment import android.os.Bundle import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuItem import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup import android.os.Build  public class MainActivity extends Activity   Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain     codepre
Negative 10594 pI am, for the first time, writing a program in which needs to communicate with other programs, using web services, specifically the SOAP V1.2 and HTTP protocols. My employer keep asking me three things that I cant really answer p  ul liWhy is XML used as the convention W3C for information exchangeli liWhy cant they use plain text or delimited files, for exampleli ul  pWhy use a repetitive heavy tagbased language to exchange info What happened to the good ol plain textp
Negative 10594 pI have some data in my Json. This data updates automatically every 20 seconds.p  pThere is a field in that josn called power Values of power could be from int 1 to 600p  pI would like to create a class which would check the value of power every 20 seconds and alert the user using in app notification if the value of the power goes above or below a certain value.p  pWhat is the best way of achieving this  Is there a library that can be used p
Negative 10594 pI have had a defect reported in one of my apps, the log file says no column with name abc.  This column was recently changed from abc to xyz, and if the user clears their application data causing the db to be reinstalled then the issue goes away.p  pIts looking to me like the db schema was correctly updated, but the updated view was not applied as the only possible reference to abc is in a view.  The schema update is performed by copying a new db rather than running alter table etc so I know the view must have been updated if the ddl was.p  pThis leaves me thinking that Android might be precompiling and caching views  does anyone know if this is the case  And if so, can the cache be cleared via code  Ive searched but so far have been unable to find an answer.p
Negative 10594 pSo the problem is the followingp  pIm generating a codecontentViewcode in code with multiple codeforcode and codeforeachcode loops and have all of the listeners for buttons generated dynamically. But if I want to make changes in some codeTextViewcode or something, I start a new Activity, and I want to listen for on codeonActivityResultcode inside a listener. Im wondering if thats even possible and I could really use some help.p  pHeres my codep  precode    Button goliButton  new Buttonthis         goliButton.setText         goliButton.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener               Override             public void onClickView v                  Intent i  new IntentTekmaLive.this,DodajStrel.class                 i.putExtraMINUTA, currTime 1000  cetrtina  15  60                 i.putExtraTEKMA, tekmaId                 i.putExtraIGRALKA, Integer.parseIntigralka[0]                 i.putExtraGOL, true                 TekmaLive.this.startActivityi                 Insted of startActivity I would use startActivityForResult...                       codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to implement a dynamic programming algorithm to find the length of the longest geometric progression in a list. I came across this algorithm a hrefhttpwww.cs.illinois.edujeffepubspdfarith.pdf relnofollowhttpwww.cs.illinois.edujeffepubspdfarith.pdfa and tried to modify it for geometric progression. However, I cannot get it to work. p  pMy code isp  precodedef dpnumbers   numbers  sortednumbers    n  lennumbers   table  [[2]  n]  n   for i in rangen     table[i][n  1]  2    largest  2   for j in rangen  1, 1, 1     i  j  1     k  j  1     while i gt 0 and k lt n  1       if numbers[j] gt math.sqrtnumbers[i]  numbers[k]         k  1       elif numbers[j] lt math.sqrtnumbers[i]  numbers[k]         table[i][j]  2         i  1       elif numbers[j]  math.sqrtnumbers[i]  numbers[k]         table[i][j]  table[j][k]   1         largest  maxlargest, table[i][j]         i  1         k  1      while i gt 0       table[i][j]  2       i  1    return largest codepre  pFor example, if I run codeprint dp[1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64]code I get 4 when it should be 7. Any help on what Im doing wrong would be really helpful.p
Negative 10594 pI know a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11819886regularexpressionsearchreplaceinsublimetext2how to search and replace strings with Sublime Text2a but not when escape characters are used.p  pFor the following javascript code can someone tell me how to escape the parentheses herep  precodeifPRODUCTION console.loghello world  var logfunctionmessage    ifPRODUCTION console.logmessage  codepre  pThe following does strongnotstrong work but seems close to being rightp  pemfindem codeifPRODUCTION console.logwcodep  pemreplaceem codelog1codep  pThe ultimate goal is to only do console logging if in a development and not a production environment.p
Negative 10594 pI trying execute a query inside a loop.brI am tryning this code p  precodepublic ListltProductsgt DisplayProductsString []a      ResultSet rs  null       ListltProductsgt Datanull     try          forint i0ilta.lengthi               String query  select   from products where Brand         PreparedStatement stmtDataBaseConnection.DBConn.getConnection.prepareStatementquery         stmt.setString1, a[i]           rsstmt.executeQuery                ifrs.next                    rs.beforeFirst           Datanew ArrayListltProductsgt        whilers.next                    Products pnew Products            p.setTitlers.getString2            p.setCategoryrs.getString3            p.setSubCategoryrs.getString4            p.setSubCategoryTwors.getString5            p.setPricers.getInt6            p.setFlavourrs.getString7            p.setImagers.getString8            p.setBrandrs.getString9            p.setInstockrs.getString10            p.setInstockQtyrs.getInt11            Data.addp                         return Data       catchException e               System.out.printlne.getStackTrace         return null        codepre  pI have a jsp page where I have Checkboxes and I am displaying multiple products on this page. I am sorting this products by strongBRANDSstrong.  User selects Brand by checking checkbox.p  pI am passing the value of checkbox to a servlet and on that servlet calling function Display Productsp  precodeString arr[]request.getParameterValuesOn      ListltProductsgt Datanew SessionBeanClass.DisplayProductsarr codepre  pPlease tell me how do I execute this and get the result p
Negative 10594 pThis should be simple, but it certainly hasnt been simple for me. I have two listboxes, one is bound to a datatable the other is not bound to anything. Users can select records from the bound listbox and add them to the unbound listbox. I want to retrieve the contents of the unbound box as a list and provide the list as input to another class, Im struggling to get the values from the unbound listbox. This is what my code looks likep  precode    Dim selectedT  From i In lbSelectedT.Items.ToList      For Each T In selectedT         MsgBoxT.ToString      Next       output is System.Data.DataRowView codepre  pWhat am I not doing rightp
Negative 10594 pI have setup a 3 node Hadoop cluster with Cloudera manager CDH4. When ran a Pig job in mapreduce mode it took double the time than that of the local mode for same data set. Is that an expected behavior  Also is there any documentation available for performance tuning options for mapreduce jobsp  pThanks much for any helpp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to write a test for a Mule flow that will involve dropping a file in a location, waiting for it to be processed by my flow and compare the output to see if it has been transformed correctly. My flow looks as followsp  precodeltflow namemainFlow processingStrategysynchronousgt     ltfileinboundendpoint namefileIn pathinboundPathgt         ltfilefilenameregexfilter patternmyFile.csv caseSensitivetruegt      ltfileinboundendpointgt      ...      ltfileoutboundendpoint pathoutboundPath outputPatternout.csvgt ltflowgt codepre  pIs there a way I can access the codeinboundPathcode and codeoutboundPathcode Mule properties inside of my test class so that I can drop files and wait for output in the correct placesp  pThe test class Im using isp  precodepublic class MappingTest extends BaseFileToFileFunctionalTest       Override     protected String getConfigResources          return mappingtest.xml           Test     public void testMapping throws Exception          dropInputFileIntoPlacemyFile.csv         waitForOutputFileout.csv, 100          assertEqualsgetExpectedOutputFileexpectedout.csv, getActualOutputFileout.csv        codepre  pWhich extends this classp  precodepublic abstract class BaseFileToFileFunctionalTest extends FunctionalTestCase      private static final File INPUTDIR  new Filetmpmuletestinput     private static final File OUTPUTDIR  new Filetmpmuletestoutput     private static final Charset CHARSET  Charsets.UTF8      Before     public void setup          new Filetmpmuletestinput.mkdirs         new Filetmpmuletestoutput.mkdirs          emptyINPUTDIR         emptyOUTPUTDIR            private void emptyFile inputDir          for File file  inputDir.listFiles              file.delete                    protected File waitForOutputFileString expectedFileName, int retryAttempts throws InterruptedException          boolean polling  true         int attemptsRemaining  retryAttempts         File outputFile  new FileOUTPUTDIR, expectedFileName          while polling              Thread.sleep100L             if outputFile.exists                  polling  false                          if attemptsRemaining  0                  VisibleAssertions.failOutput file did not appear within expected time                          attemptsRemaining                  outputFile.deleteOnExit          return outputFile           protected void dropInputFileIntoPlaceString inputFileResourceName throws IOException          File inputFile  new FileINPUTDIR, inputFileResourceName         Files.copyResources.newInputStreamSupplierResources.getResourceinputFileResourceName, inputFile         inputFile.deleteOnExit           protected String getActualOutputFileString outputFileName throws IOException          File outputFile  new FileOUTPUTDIR, outputFileName         return Files.toStringoutputFile, CHARSET           protected String getExpectedOutputFileString resourceName throws IOException          return Resources.toStringResources.getResourceresourceName, CHARSET       codepre  pAs you can see Im currently creating temporary inputoutput directories. Id like to make this part read from the Mule properties if possible Thanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to get what seems like it should be a simple chunk of code to work, but I keep getting the ole codeNull Reference Exceptioncode...p  precodeDim materialID As Integer  CIntRequest.QueryStringMaterialID     Dim s As String  Nothing     DBTable  MaterialStuff.GetMaterialHeadermaterialID      Using DBTable          s  CTypeDBTable.Rows0.ItemMaterialID, String          Try              If CTypeDBTable.Rows0.ItemMaterialID, String IsNot Nothing Then                  CTypeMaterialIdControl, TextBox.Text  s             Else              End If          Catch ex As NullReferenceException              MsgBoxex.ToString         End Try     End Using codepre  pHere is where codeMaterialIdControlcode is coming fromp  precodeDim MaterialIdControl As Control  FindControltxtMaterial codepre  pWhen stepping through it codescode is equal to code970code 970 is not a string I know but previous programmer messed up this program Anyway, the right value is there but its still saying that there is an exception, any idea where I can fix this atp
Negative 10594 pi have to develop a web application using Vaadin 7, and i have a function that store the data in the database and it should be executed just once when i run the project but not in every time i refresh the page. i try to write this function in the constructor like thisp  precode public class Dmav3UI extends UI    public class Dmav3UI extends UI       WebServletvalue  , asyncSupported  true     VaadinServletConfigurationproductionMode  false, ui  Dmav3UI.class     public static class Servlet extends VaadinServlet                public Dmav3UI             myFunction           codepre  pbut it still run every time i refresh the page. can you help me pleasep
Negative 10594 pI am working on a Live HTML5 Editor and also published it on windows 8.1 store as BETA version check below link p  pa hrefhttpapps.microsoft.comwindowsenusapppropanf8fcdd0c60e24ad991861d9e845c6a2c relnofollowPropan HTML5 Live Editorap  pHere i have a problem of saving media files that are include in html document, i know that for security reasons windows not allow direct path for a file so i fetched its content and display on codexwebviewcode or an codeiframecode for live preview .But how can i open or fetch attached media files with that file and same for saving a HTML document with media files p  pIf you have any suggestions ,post here..So,i got your way to do so  p
Negative 10594 pIm working on an application of drag and drop from layer1 to layer2 using KineticJS library. Right now, I need to know how to save the layer2 the drop target and its children which are the images and shapes drawn on it. Ill have to save the position and width and height.p  pThere are two buttons save and load. The purpose is to load the layer once its been saved. What KineticJs method should I use Is there specific functions to do this p
Negative 10594 pI think I am going the wrong way around this issue I have. Currently I access the user role name by UserRole.CurrentRole. This works fine until another login changes their role then all people who are logged in, their UserRole.CurrentRole is whoever has changed theirs last. p  pI have some functionality that sets UserRole.CurrentRole  Learner or UserRole.CurrentRole  Administrator based on if a user is within that role.p  precodepublic static class UserRole      private static String CurrentRole      public static String CurrentRole              get                      return CurrentRole                  set                      CurrentRole  value                codepre  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI am able to create a DMG and it installs the app. So far so good.p  pBut the issue I am facing is the scripts shell and applescripts creates a window with maximise button enabled. Clicking the maximise button makes the window look ugly, as bottom is cut. Also if you resize the window the background image does not cover the full window and shows white background.p  pFor reference see the images, as almost all DMG installer has similar issue p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comMNLXT.png altenter image description here img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comyTPTY.png altenter image description herep  pWhat I want is p  ol lipTo disable the maximise button.pli lipTo fix the window size so that it cant be resized by dragging.pli ol
Negative 10594 pI am using this code to pass a object to another view controller. p  precodevoidprepareForSegueUIStoryboardSegue segue senderidsender     if[segue.identifier isEqualToStringDetail]         UINavigationController navController  UINavigationController segue.destinationViewController         DetailedViewController controller  DetailedViewController navController.topViewController         controller.clipping  [pasteBoardArray objectAtIndexrow]       codepre  pOn the line ofp  precodeDetailedViewController controller  DetailedViewController navController.topViewController codepre  pI get a lengthy exceptionp  precode20140520 184639.752 SWTableViewCell[837060b] [DetailedViewController topViewController] unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x10c7169e0 20140520 184639.756 SWTableViewCell[837060b]  Terminating app due to uncaught exception NSInvalidArgumentException, reason [DetailedViewController topViewController] unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x10c7169e0  First throw call stack      0   CoreFoundation                      0x0000000102667495 exceptionPreprocess  165     1   libobjc.A.dylib                     0x00000001016c699e objcexceptionthrow  43     2   CoreFoundation                      0x00000001026f865d [NSObjectNSObject doesNotRecognizeSelector]  205     3   CoreFoundation                      0x0000000102658d8d forwarding  973     4   CoreFoundation                      0x0000000102658938 CFforwardingprep0  120     5   SWTableViewCell                     0x000000010000d91c [ViewController prepareForSeguesender]  204     6   UIKit                               0x00000001004f4c73 [UIStoryboardSegueTemplate perform]  134     7   SWTableViewCell                     0x000000010000c4be [ViewController tableViewdidSelectRowAtIndexPath]  350     8   SWTableViewCell                     0x00000001000089ae [SWTableViewCell selectCell]  798     9   SWTableViewCell                     0x000000010000864b [SWTableViewCell scrollViewTapped]  171     10  UIKit                               0x0000000100362fc2 UIGestureRecognizerSendActions  188     11  UIKit                               0x0000000100361f28 [UIGestureRecognizer updateGestureWithEventbuttonEvent]  357     12  UIKit                               0x00000001003662d9 UIGestureRecognizerUpdateblockinvoke  53     13  UIKit                               0x0000000100366261 UIGestureRecognizerRemoveObjectsFromArrayAndApplyBlocks  257     14  UIKit                               0x000000010035e337 UIGestureRecognizerUpdate  93     15  UIKit                               0x0000000100072a15 [UIWindow sendGesturesForEvent]  928     16  UIKit                               0x00000001000736d4 [UIWindow sendEvent]  909     17  UIKit                               0x000000010004b29a [UIApplication sendEvent]  211     18  UIKit                               0x0000000100038aed UIApplicationHandleEventQueue  9579     19  CoreFoundation                      0x00000001025f6d21 CFRUNLOOPISCALLINGOUTTOASOURCE0PERFORMFUNCTION  17     20  CoreFoundation                      0x00000001025f65f2 CFRunLoopDoSources0  242     21  CoreFoundation                      0x000000010261246f CFRunLoopRun  767     22  CoreFoundation                      0x0000000102611d83 CFRunLoopRunSpecific  467     23  GraphicsServices                    0x00000001025c6f04 GSEventRunModal  161     24  UIKit                               0x000000010003ae33 UIApplicationMain  1010     25  SWTableViewCell                     0x0000000100002763 main  115     26  libdyld.dylib                       0x000000010607f5fd start  1  libcabi.dylib terminating with uncaught exception of type NSException codepre  pAs a side note I am doing this all within a codeUINavigationBarControllercode. All I need to do is pass codeobjectAtIndexrowcode to the codeclippingcode property in the codeDetailedViewControllercode.p
Negative 10594 pI am uploading a CSV file using fgetcsv function . Now i encounter three cases as p  p1 The CSV file is clean and contains no enclosures         ex  Name,Age,Address  ..in this scenario , the file is processed properly and uploadedp  p2 The CSV file has  as enclosure        ex  Name,Age,Address .. in this scenario, the file is processed properly is i pass double quotes as delimiter in fgetcsvp  p3The CSV file has  as enclosure        ex  Name,Age,Address .. p  precode  in this scenario, the file is not processed at all and not uploaded.  codepre  pI want to acheive all these cases ,means a CSV file that contains either of the enclosures then it should process preperly.p
Negative 10594 pI am given a large number codencode and I need to find whether it can be represented as sum of K prime numbers.p  pEx 9 can be represented as sum of 3 prime number as 225.p  pI am trying to use variation of  subset sum but number is too large to generate all primes number till then.p  pThe problem is from the current a hrefhttpswww.hackerrank.comcontestsw3challengesprimesum relnofollowHackerRank contesta. The restrictions are code1 lt n, K lt 1012code p
Negative 10594 pWe currently have a NancyFx project that we have wired up using OWIN.  We are not using System.Web and we need some place to put our context that lives for the life of a request other than HttpContext.  We have started implementing the context on a thread static variable so we can access the context anywhere in the application but we are worried that using Async calls will lose this thread static context.p  pWhat do you use as a static accessor in lue of HttpContext when you divorce yourself from System.Web p
Negative 10594 pHow can I change the BackButton of the strongcurrently displayedstrong ViewController Configuring the BackButtonItem effects the BackButton of the next ViewController, instead of the currently shown. p  pe.g. I have two ViewControllers VCA and VCB. I navigate from VCA to VCB and want to style the BackButton thats shown on VCB. I want to hide the title and set custom icons for normal and highlighted state.p  precodepublic class VCB  ViewControllerBase      public override void ViewDidLoad              base.ViewDidLoad          var btn  new UIBarButtonItem, UIBarButtonItemStyle.Plain, null          TODO set the Icon         NavigationItem.BackBarButtonItem  btn       codepre  pDo I have to implement my own BackButton and set it as LeftBarButton, or can I achieve this somehow with the standard BackButton .p
Negative 10594 pIve seen this in test examplesp  precodeeval use TestModule plan skipall gt TestModule required to test ... if  codepre  pBut when I try this with a module which requires to explicitly import a function I get an error.p  precodeeval use TestModule qw function  plan skipall gt TestModule required to test ... if   Cant locate object method function via package 1 perhaps you forgot to load 1 codepre  pHow could I prevent this error p  pIf I load the module without codeevalcode it works fine.p  hr  pExamplep  precodeuse warnings use strict use TestMore  eval use TestWarnings qw all  plan skipall gt TestWarnings required if   like warning  warn Hello , qrHello, Test for Hello warning   donetesting codepre  pOutputp  precodePERLDLNONLAZY1 usrlocalbinperl MExtUtilsCommandMM MTestHarness e undef TestHarnessSwitches testharness0, bliblib, blibarch t.t twarn.t .. Hello at twarn.t line 8. Cant locate object method warning via package 1 perhaps you forgot to load 1 at  twarn.t line 8. twarn.t .. Dubious, test returned 255 wstat 65280, 0xff00 No subtests run   Test Summary Report  twarn.t Wstat 65280 Tests 0 Failed 0   Nonzero exit status 255   Parse errors No plan found in TAP output Files1, Tests0,  0 wallclock secs  0.01 usr   0.00 sys   0.01 CPU Result FAIL Failed 11 test programs. 00 subtests failed. make  [testdynamic] Fehler 255 codepre
Negative 10594 pIm writing a cli that codePUTcodes data to a Meteor backend, which in turn uses express connect middleware. Any large file over 700K never finish uploading and the codereq.onendcode event never fires. p  pSmaller files under 700K work fine however, and the codereq.onendcode event always fires.p  pThis is the cli client p  precodefs.readFilefile, functionerr, data      var req  http.request         method PUT,         host localhost,         path apideploy,         port 3000,         timeout 60  60  1000,  1 hour         headers               ContentLength  data.length               ,      functionresponse           console.logdone                 req.writedata     req.end  codepre  pAnd here is the relevant server codep  precodethis.routedeploy,      where server     , path apideploy     , action function          var self  this         var req  self.request         var total  self.request.headers[contentlength]         var write  fs.createWriteStreamtmptest.tar         req.pipewrite          var consumed  0          req.ondata, functionchunk              consumed  chunk.length                 var uploadProgress  consumedtotal  100             console.loguploadProgress                   req.onend, function              console.logALL DONE                codepre  pIve tried adjusting the connect upload parameter in the bodyParser and elsewhere. If the default limit is 100mb, then I dont think this is the issue anyway.p  pAny help would be great. I am on OSX Mavericks. There is a hard limit set somewhere, I just dont know what it is, nor how to circumvent it.p
Negative 10594 pI have a large array codeycode defined on a nonuniform, ordered grid codexcode. The length of the array is typically N214 to N218. I want to get a splineinterpolation or quadratic of the array. The problem I am facing is that even for lower values of N the interpolation takes very long. p  precodeimport numpy as np from scipy.interpolate import interp1d N  2  12   4096 x  np.linspace0, 2np.pi, N y  np.sinx time f  interp1dx, y, cubic,   CPU times user 8min 5s, sys 1.39 s, total 8min 7s Wall time 8min 7s codepre  pOne option I am seeing is that I need the values of the interpolation only at a very limited set of data points. Is there a way to compute the interpolation only when asked for it p  pCan you suggest an alternative that also features extrapolation at values below codex.mincode and above codex.maxcodep  pThank Youp
Negative 10594 pGenerate Update query to Update a table with a simmilar table i am using this Queryp  pselect update LTStatustest1  Set StatusName T.StatusName where StatusIDCONVERTvarcharmax,T.StatusID from  LTStatustest Tp  pit gives  error The multipart identifier T.StatusName could not be bound. The multipart identifier T.StatusID could not be bound.p  pNeed help...or any kind of suggestionp
Negative 10594 pSo we had to make a Adressbook with Contacts and they all have name, surname, adress, email, phonenumber and birthdate. While everything else is saved as a String, the birthdate has to be Calendar. This is what I got so farp  precodepublic class PrivateContact extends Contact   private Calendar Geburtsdatum  GregorianCalendar Calendar.getInstance  public PrivateContactString Vorname, String Nachname, String Adresse,         String Email, String Telnum, Calendar Geburtsdatum      superVorname, Nachname, Adresse, Email, Telnum     this.Geburtsdatum  Geburtsdatum         codepre  pBut my problem is, that in the testing class, the format of the constructor with string,String,....,Calendar isnt working. Eclipse always gives the help that I have to change the type of the constructor from string,...,calendar to string,...,string , but I thats exactly what I dont want to do. I know that the 01.01.1900 is a String, but I need a Calendar type of it, so how do I change it How do I tell it that it has to be a calendar type Heres how the constructor in the testing class is usedp  precodeContact person1  new PrivateContactMax, Muster, Fooville, maxistudent.at, 0123456789, 01.01.1900 codepre  pI really hope someone can help mep
Negative 10594 pI am wondering if it is possible to  1 Hosting a background thread created windows form inside application main thread created windows form  or 2 Separate the thread which processes mouse movements from the thread which is painting a windows form application p  pI know these questions sounds very crazy, but I find myself encountering a peculiar problem and I welcome advice of being able to sidestep this problem, though I do not think we can part from windows forms and use different ui technology easily. p  pOur software team writes some plugins for a 3rd party windows form application. SO we provide a root main form which hosts a bunch of user controls to them, using their api and they host them in their own windows form. Currently all user interfaces are created on the applications main thread, so they play nicely with each other. Many of our user controls we provide have system.windows.forms.datavisualisation charts, which are painted live by data the application is sourcing. One of the problem we have is when the user moves the mouse around erratically the display stop updating as all the painting of the graphs GDI is done on the main thread  we use background threads and TPL for sourcing and computing data, but painting is done on the main thread. So I am wondering if it is possible to make all the gdi painting of these charts occur on a different thread than the application main thread, so the painting would continue and we can still receive mouse movement inputs and clicks for user interactions, but erratic mouse movements can not flood the message queue and stop the gdi painting of the user controls.p  pAny help specially, specially pointers to relevant apis or articles demonstrating techniques would be much appreciated. Thank you.p
Negative 10594 pI have a JTextArea in which I highlight some text using the addHighlight method of the Highlighter I get from the JTextArea. It highlights the text but it does not change the text color of the highlighted text to the selectedTextColor I have set.p  pHere is an examplep  precodeimport java.awt.Color  import javax.swing.JFrame import javax.swing.JScrollPane import javax.swing.JTextArea import javax.swing.SwingUtilities import javax.swing.text.BadLocationException import javax.swing.text.DefaultHighlighter import javax.swing.text.Highlighter import javax.swing.text.Highlighter.HighlightPainter  public class SSCCE       private JFrame frame     private JTextArea textArea      public SSCCE          frame  new JFrame         frame.setTitleHuge Text         frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE          textArea  new JTextAreaabcd abcd abcd         textArea.setBackgroundColor.DARKGRAY         textArea.setForegroundColor.LIGHTGRAY         textArea.setSelectionColorColor.LIGHTGRAY         textArea.setSelectedTextColorColor.DARKGRAY         Highlighter highLighter  textArea.getHighlighter         HighlightPainter highLightPainter  new DefaultHighlighter.DefaultHighlightPaintertextArea.getSelectionColor         try              highLighter.addHighlight0, 10, highLightPainter          catch BadLocationException e              e.printStackTrace                  frame.addnew JScrollPanetextArea          frame.setSize400, 350         frame.setLocationRelativeTonull         frame.setVisibletrue           public static void mainString[] args          SwingUtilities.invokeLaternew Runnable              public void run                  new SSCCE                              codepre
Negative 10594 pMy project represents clientserver app with server side wroten on stored procedures. Procedures are looks like codeaddMsgcode, codegetMsgscode etc.p  pBut i dont know how to implement user system. Currently, I have codeuserscode table contains its data like login, password and another data and i comparing login and password inside procedures each time to grant accessp  pFor examplep  precodeCREATE PROCEDURE addMsg login text, pass text, msg text AS IF EXISTSSELECT  FROM users WHERE loginlogin AND passpass THEN INSERT INTO messages... END GO  codepre  pIt is not right approach i think, so i interested if there are any another approaches to implement user system.p  pI have to associate with the user another data like First Name, Address etc., so SQL users are not suitable here.p  pAny suggestionsp
Negative 10594 pI have a symbolic link committed into my svnrepository in linux. When i try to check out the symbolic link i see the below svn error ,p  blockquote   psvn E155009 Failed to run the WC DB work queue associated with homemkas0001testfram, work item 30 fileinstall VersionsCurrent 1 0 1 1   svn E000002 Cant create symbolic link homemkas0001testframVersCurr.tmp No such file or directoryp blockquote  pWhat is the reason behind this error I googled and came to know that linux supports svn symbolic link version. A quick and prompt reply will be highly appreciated.p  pThanks, Manju.p
Negative 10594 pI have a requirement to do some logic execution upon change of dropdownlist value. Before executing the logic i need to take user confirmation and then call server  side method to complete the process. Not sure How to call server side method based on modal popup confirmation response from user. So if user confirms with Yes button on the modal popup server side code should be called otherwise do nothing.p  pHere is the code i have . Server side does not get called upon modal popup confirmation.p  precodefunction PopupDialogtitle, text      var div  ltdivgt.htmlltbrgttext.dialog     title title,     modal true,     height 190,     width 320,     buttons          Yes function               this.dialogclose          ,         No function               this.dialogclose                             return true        ltaspGridView runatserver IDgrdTransactions SkinIDgridviewskin       AllowSortingtrue AllowPagingtrue PageSize30 Width100      OnRowDataBoundgrdTransactionsRowDataBound     OnDataBoundgrdTransactionsDataBound       OnSelectedIndexChangedgrdTransactionsSelectedIndexChangedgt     .............  ltaspTemplateField Visibletrue HeaderTextStatus gt     ltItemTemplategt         ltaspLabel runatserver IDlblStatus  VisibleFalse Textlt ShowStatus Container.DataItem  gt gt         ltaspDropDownList IDddlTransactionList AutoPostBackTrue  OnSelectedIndexChangedddlTransactionListSelectedIndexChanged onchangereturn PopupDialogRemittance Confirmation,Are you sure you want to update the status.  runatservergtltaspDropDownListgt         ltbrgt     ltItemTemplategt ltaspTemplateFieldgt codepre  pstrongThe server side code is belowstrongp  precodeprotected void ddlTransactionListSelectedIndexChangedobject sender,        EventArgs e      Your Code     if OnDataChanged  null         OnDataChangedsender, e  codepre
Negative 10594 pI must be missing the obvious here. I am using django 1.5.x and am creating unittests, based on djangos TestCase class. I have a bunch of DBs defined in settings as i am pulling readonly from alot of different source. When running test i only want to create a test version of my default db the rest i want to flag as readonly and not try to recreate as testdbname the user defined wont cant have the permissions to create these dbs anyway.p  pSurely this is possible  as i say i must be missing the obviousp  pGrateful for any help.p  pMathewp
Negative 10594 pI have just begun working with OpenGL ES and I want to have an object that does not move when I call gltranslatef. I have tried first rendering everything but this object, then calling gltranslatef with the same values as before, but 1. This makes the object stay in its place, but seems to quiver slightly. Is what I am describing even possiblep
Negative 10594 pI have a function that I use to open a query into a new and unnamed Excel spreadsheet from a form control, using the onclick event of the control to hardcode the query as the argument of the function, like this p  precodeCall OpenExcelCurrentPointsTotals codepre  pUsers can then save the spreadsheet or not, as they wish.p  pWhat I would like to do is make this function dynamic and available via the Autokeys macro so that when I use the keystroke it runs the function against the query I am working on to produce a spreadsheet, then when I switch tabs to another query I can use the keystroke again to get another.p  pMy question is, how do I get the function to look at the query that is currently open so that I can run my function on it After digging around I am guessing I need to do something with acQuery somehow but it is beyond me at the moment Any help or pointers would be appreciated.p  pThe function that I am using for the onclick event is below. I freely admit that this was taken from another answer here and tweaked slightly as my coding ability is relatively low.p  precodePublic Function OpenExcelCurrentMyQueryName Step 1 Declare your variables Dim MyDatabase As DAO.Database Dim MyQueryDef As DAO.QueryDef Dim MyRecordset As DAO.Recordset Dim i As Integer Step 2 Identify the database and query Set MyDatabase  CurrentDb Set MyQueryDef  MyDatabase.QueryDefsMyQueryName Query name in the database, needs     to be in quotation marks under buttonclick event Step 3 Open the query Set MyRecordset  MyQueryDef.OpenRecordset Step 4 Clear previous contents Dim xlApp As Object Set xlApp  CreateObjectExcel.Application With xlApp .Visible  True .Workbooks.Add .SheetsSheet1.Select Step 5 Copy the recordset to Excel .ActiveSheet.RangeA3.CopyFromRecordset MyRecordset Step 6 Add column heading names to the spreadsheet For i  1 To MyRecordset.Fields.Count xlApp.ActiveSheet.Cells2, i.value  MyRecordset.Fieldsi  1.Name xlApp.ActiveSheet.Cells2, i.Interior.Color  RGB255, 178, 102 xlApp.ActiveSheet.Cells2, i.Font.Size  11 xlApp.ActiveSheet.Cells2, i.Font.Bold  True Next i xlApp.Cells.EntireColumn.AutoFit xlApp.Cells.EntireColumn.Font.Size  10 End With MsgBox Your spreadsheet will need to be saved in a location of your choice,     vbInformation, Reminder End Function codepre  pCheers, Grahamp
Negative 10594 pIm using the image reading of skimage module, and cant understand the output i get. Im trying to read a simple rgb image lena.png in the following way p  precodefrom skimage import io im  io.imreadlena.png codepre  pThe output i get has the following properties p  precodeIn [49] im Out[49] arrayltPIL.PngImagePlugin.PngImageFile image modeRGB size512x512 at 0 x35FBD00gt, dtypeobject  In [50] im.shape Out[50]   In [51] im.size Out[51] 1 codepre  pNow i cant understand  why the shape of im isnt 512,512,3   This code is part of a bigger program i use and i get an error while some function try to figure out the number of color channels by accessing im.shape[2].p  pIm adding a reference with the expected output  see a hrefhttpscipylectures.github.iopackagesscikitimage relnofollowhttpscipylectures.github.iopackagesscikitimagea paragraph 3.2.2.2p  precodegtgtgt lena  data.lena gtgtgt lena.shape 512, 512, 3 codepre
Negative 10594 pHow to make the following slidein navigation bar Is it possible without using any plugins and just stick with CSS3p  pa hrefhttpmiddleearth.thehobbit.commap relnofollowhttpmiddleearth.thehobbit.commapap
Negative 10594 pI need to modify mount app, so that I can specify the source port to be one specific one not the randomly generated by the OS.p  pFor example lets say we are trying to mount a filesystem in a computer with ip 10.0.0.55 and our computer where we going to be executing the mount is 10.0.0.40p  pso when you do the command the destination port ie the port 10.0.0.55 is listening  is fine but when you do the command the source port is randomly generated by the os and that is the port 10.0.0.55 uses to reply back to the other pc that pc is behind a router so there have to be an specific portp  pAny ideas I have tried modifying where the function bindresvport is called and binding that socket to an specific port but it doesnt seem to workp
Negative 10594 pIm far to be an expert on Android programming, so I dont have any idea about if this is possible, so let me split my doubt in three questionsp  p1 Is it possible for an Android app to detect all the other Android devices in a map that have the same app installed, within a radius previously given for example, say 5 km p  p2 If yes, is it also possible to show their phone numbers with their consent, of coursep  p3 How much time, approximately, would an experienced Android programmer need to do thatp
Negative 10594 pI have this following codep  precodeltphp participantsdb  testtesttesttesttesttestStickyStickyStickySticky participants  arrayuniqueexplode, participantsdb  foreachparticipants as user                      echo user . n             sleep10          gt codepre  pI spent hours debugging this script, it actually get each username and send email to each one, the thing is it was sending emails for each user but user didnt change... Im wondering strongWhystrong Sleep Break the Foreach and strongHowstrong to fix this.. a hrefhttp3v4l.orgb048m relnofollowhttp3v4l.orgb048map  pstrongUPDATEstrong heres the Full Codep  precodeforeachparticipants as user                      ifuser                                echo broken                 break 1                          get each users email address             sql3  dbhgtprepareSELECT  FROM users WHERE username               sql3gtexecutearrayuser             whilea  sql3gtfetch                              email  a[email]                 username  a[username]                          message  strreplaceUSERNAME, username..user, message             sendemailemail, cc, from, subject, message, filename, filepath             sleep10  codepre  pthe array participants contains usernames , each user has different email address. this script gets executed by a cron job. after the execution it sent emails to 2 emails for example, and its saying Hello strongTestteststrong to Both strongEmailsstrong That have Different strongUsernamesstrong Im just wondering, how did it get the email and the username still the samep
Negative 10594 pOhayou.p  pIve had read about this error in many topics before asking, but I couldnt solve this by myself. Im sorry for bother about it.p  pMy problem isp  pI have two files, one is a .cpp and other a .h file.p  pMy cpp file isp  precodeinclude beeGenerator.h  void beeGeneratorinitialize      myAddress  paraddress     sleepTime  double parsleepTimeAtStart     beeGenInterval  double pariaTime     beeLength  int parbeeLength     bID  0     packetCount  0      debug  true     logResults  parlogResults      const char statModulePath  char parstatModulePath      launchNewBees  new cMessagelaunchNewBees     scheduleAt simTime  sleepTime, launchNewBees   void beeGeneratorhandleMessage       ifdynamiccastltsamplePacket gt msg  NULL                samplePacket dPacket  dynamiccastltsamplePacket gt msg         delete dPacket         packetCount          if packetCount  packetInterval  0                      packetCount  1             launchNewBeeAgents                   else if msg  launchNewBees              launchNewBeeAgents         ifsimTime gt 30.0                       scheduleAtsimTime  beeGenInterval, launchNewBees                  else                      scheduleAtsimTime  1.0, launchNewBees                 void beeGeneratorlaunchNewBeeAgents      char msgName[70]     sprintfmsgName,Beed  Sourced, bID, myAddress     beeAgent bMsg  new beeAgentmsgName     bMsggtsetBIDbID     bMsggtsetSourceAddressmyAddress     bMsggtsetKindstaticcastltintgt NETLAYERBEEAGENT     bMsggtsetSourceModuleBEEGENMODULE     bMsggtsetLength BYTE  beeLength     sendbMsg,toRouter   int beeGeneratorgetBID      return bID   void beeGeneratorsetBIDint id      bID  id   void beeGeneratorfinish      ev ltlt  Module  ltlt fullPath ltlt  ltlt endl     ev ltlt Stack allocated       ltlt stackSize ltlt  bytes     ev ltlt  includes  ltlt ev.extraStackForEnvir ltlt  bytes for environment ltlt endl     ev ltlt Stack actually used  ltlt stackUsage ltlt  bytes ltlt endl  codepre  pMy .h file isp  precodeifndef BEEGENERATORH define BEEGENERATORH  include beeInclude.h   class beeGenerator       class sPtr         bool debug         bool logResults         double beeGenInterval         double sleepTime         int beeLength         int myAddress         int bID         int packetCount          virtual void initialize         virtual void handleMessage         virtual void finish         virtual void launchNewBeeAgents         int getBID         void setBIDint id         endif codepre  pand the errors arep  precodeprotonamebeeGenerator.cc331 error no void beeGeneratorinitialize member function declared in class beeGenerator  void beeGeneratorinitialize                                 protonamebeeGenerator.cc2135 error no void beeGeneratorhandleMessage member function declared in class beeGenerator  void beeGeneratorhandleMessage                                      protonamebeeGenerator.cc4939 error no void beeGeneratorlaunchNewBeeAgents member function declared in class beeGenerator  void beeGeneratorlaunchNewBeeAgents                                         protonamebeeGenerator.cc6226 error no int beeGeneratorgetBID member function declared in class beeGenerator  int beeGeneratorgetBID                            protonamebeeGenerator.cc6733 error no void beeGeneratorsetBIDint member function declared in class beeGenerator  void beeGeneratorsetBIDint id                                   protonamebeeGenerator.cc7227 error no void beeGeneratorfinish member function declared in class beeGenerator  void beeGeneratorfinish codepre  pWhat can I do p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to show a dropdown menu in my template, but I get the following errorp  precodeFile forms.py in DropdownSelectionForm   101.     selection  forms.ChoiceFieldchoicesMYCHOICES, widget  Select  Exception Type NameError at  Exception Value name Select is not defined codepre  phere is the template where Im trying to show the formp  precode ltform actiondoclistings methodpost gt csrftoken              ltselect classformcontrol ids1 NAMEselectiongt               ltoptiongtltbgtFind a Doctor...ltbgtltoptiongt                for value, text in form.selection.field.choices                  ltoption value value gt text ltoptiongt                endfor              ltselectgt codepre  pHere is forms.pyp  precodeMYCHOICES       Dermatologist, Dermatologist,     Dentist, Dentist,     Opthalmologist, Opthalmologist,   class DropdownSelectionFormforms.Form     selection  forms.ChoiceFieldchoicesMYCHOICES, widget  Select codepre
Negative 10594 pI have been trying to create a blog using Umbraco v6 using Razor.p  pThis is my first Umbraco project so I am still getting to grips with things but I have managed to get most of it working how I want but I would like to list tags in a side widget.p  pSo far I have this p  precode     var blogitems  Umbraco.Content1188.Children.WhereVisible      foreachvar blog in blogitems          var tagsplit  blog.tags.Split,         foreachvar tag in tagsplit                  ltligt                                             lta hrefblogtaggttagltagt                 ltligt                codepre  pThe problem is this lists all tags duplicating many of them.  I have tried to use .Distinct on the tagsplit variable which just returns an error.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 10594 pIve got a problem with a dynamic table. Here is the code p  precodepublic static Object[][] extractSCTableDataHashtableltInteger,Colisgt lColis      Object[][] tableData       int i0     SetltIntegergtkeySet  lColis.keySet     for Integer currKeykeySet          tableData[i][0]lColis.getcurrKey.expediteur         tableData[i][1]lColis.getcurrKey.noColis         tableData[i][2]currKey         i          return tableData  codepre  pIve got an exception and i dont know why ... The error p  precodejava.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 0 codepre  pApperently I dont know how declared my tab  The weird thing its that i have the same kind of method  in an other class  without the error. The other method  p  precodepublic static Object[][] extractSCTableDataCourse[] lCourse         throws ExceptionColisInconnu      int nbCourse  lCourse.length     Object[][] tableData         for int i  0 i lt nbCourse i          short noColis  lCourse[i].noColis         String etat         org.omg.CORBA.ORB orb         String[] str           orb  org.omg.CORBA.ORB.initstr, null         GColis gcolis  GColis orb                 .stringtoobjectlCourse[i].IORGColis          switch gcolis.demandeEtatnoColis.value          case etatColis.enTransport             etat  En cours             break         case etatColis.aDestination             etat  Livr             break         case etatColis.auDepart         case etatColis.enAttenteDeTransport             etat  Enregistre             break         default             etat  Non Dfini             break                  tableData[i][0]  Short.toStringnoColis         tableData[i][1]  etat          return tableData  codepre  pIf sombebody see something ... Thanks guysp
Negative 10594 pI am creating a facebook application. I am signing in the user with the strongomniauthfacebookstrong gem. I am asking the following permissionsp  precodeprovider facebook, appid, secretkey, scope publicprofile,userfriends,friendsphotos,userphotos codepre  pAfter the user signs in, I am getting his friends list with codekoalacode gem and something like the following codep  precodegraph  KoalaFacebookAPI.newcurrentuser.oauthtoken profile  graph.getobjectme friends  graph.getconnectionsme, friendsfieldsid,name,gender codepre  pI dont know if I can get the albums and the photos for each one of his friends. Ive tried the following fql queryp  precodeSELECT pid FROM photo WHERE aid IN SELECT aid,name FROM album WHERE owneruserid codepre  pwhich it works only for me when I am testing it on graph api explorer, but it doesnt work from my application neither for my friends nor for me. p  pAm I missing some permissions or is it impossible to get the photos and the albums of someones friends Any other suggestion for getting all the photos of someones friends through facebook graph APIp  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pIve uploaded the code here a hrefhttpsgithub.comjohndelfbgame relnofollowhttpsgithub.comjohndelfbgamea  You can see the above code and the rest of it on strongconfiginitializersomniauth.rbstrong and on the strongappcontrollerspagescontroller.rbstrongp
Negative 10594 pI got these 2 models, i use include to get all related entities and my LINQ is look like this, when i execute it will complain  codeInvalid column CustProfileTblbintAccountNocodep  pstrongLINQstrongp  precodeDB context  new DB ListltCustProfileTblgt profile  context.profile.ToList var r  from ord in context.profile.Includebalance          select ord codepre  pstrongModelsstrongp  precodepublic class CustProfileTbl         [Key]     public long bintAccountNo  get set       public virtual  BPBalanceTbl balance  get set     public class BPBalanceTbl      [Key]      public long bintAccountNo  get set    codepre  pstrongGenerated SQLstrongp  precodeSELECT       [Project1].[bintAccountNo] AS [bintAccountNo],      [Project1].[CustProfileTblbintAccountNo] AS [CustProfileTblbintAccountNo] Invalid column     FROM           SELECT              [Extent1].[bintAccountNo] AS [bintAccountNo],              [Extent2].[CustProfileTblbintAccountNo] AS [CustProfileTblbintAccountNo],          CASE WHEN [Extent2].[intPartner] IS NULL THEN CASTNULL AS int ELSE 1 END AS [C1]         FROM  [dbo].[CustProfileTbl] AS [Extent1]         LEFT OUTER JOIN [dbo].[BPBalanceTbl] AS [Extent2] ON [Extent1].[bintAccountNo]  [Extent2].[CustProfileTblbintAccountNo]        AS [Project1]  ORDER BY [Project1].[bintAccountNo] ASC, [Project1].[C1] ASC  codepre  pThings i tried to get rid this bugp  ol liAdd 1 Identity PK column into BPBalanceTbl, Which i dont feel like to doli liChange to use Join method.  but i want to know why this happened not just run away from error, and how to avoid thisli ol
Negative 10594 pIm making a plugin for WordPress and it requires some custom tables of mine or the data in them, to be specific. These tables are simple. They only contain an id and a varchar field. strongDo notstrong mention meta fields. I am using custom tables for a reason. The problem is, I need to allow the user to edit the data in these tables. To insert, update and delete rows in the tables. How do I handle this in WordPressp  pI can make my own custom pages and create a whole system for editing, inserting and updating them but thats a workaround since none of that would be native to WordPress.p  pThe only thing I came up with is making them into custom post types and having WordPress let me use its native adding, editing and deleting menu the same one used in posts, pages, etc.. Though then new problems would arise. I need to connect the post ids to the rows in the custom tables and be very careful when editing, updating and deleting to make sure that both the posts and my custom table data remain consistent with each other. And thats a whole new layer of complexity.p  pSo I was wondering if theres an elegant way to handle these sorts of simple tables. If there isnt Ill find my own workaround.p  pEDITp  pThe plugin Im making is supposed to turn your WordPress site into a kind of an ad posting site. And I need the custom tables to provide details about the ads.p
Negative 10594 pI have password protected pdf files that Im trying to open to disable the password protection.  I have been able to do it with samples that are 128 bit aes but most of the files I will be dealing with in production are 128 bit rc4.  Whenever I try the following code on 128 bit rc4 it failes and gives me the error Bad User Password.p  precodetry      PdfReader reader  new PdfReaderInputFile, new System.Text.ASCIIEncoding.GetBytespassword     using MemoryStream memoryStream  new MemoryStream               PdfStamper stamper  new PdfStamperreader, memoryStream          stamper.Close          reader.Close          File.WriteAllBytesOutputFile, memoryStream.ToArray       catch Exception ex      Console.WriteLineInputFile      password   gt   ex.Message  codepre  pFor sample pdf a hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0BxDisLjTqrx8QnFQQ013SFhmdGMedituspsharing relnofollowhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0BxDisLjTqrx8QnFQQ013SFhmdGMedituspsharinga pass on file is 123456 emobvious this is just for testing purposes emp
Negative 10594 pHow i can create pagination from this queryp  precodecars  DBselectSELECT c.id, c.model, c.color, c.code FROM cars c, details d WHERE d.caridc.id AND d.pointtype   ORDER BY d.date DESC, arrayAuthusergtid codepre
Negative 10594 pI am using this package to integrate Autofac with my WebApi Owin applicationp  pa hrefhttpswww.nuget.orgpackagesAutofac.WebApi2.Owinhttpswww.nuget.orgpackagesAutofac.WebApi2.Owinap  pAnd following this postp  pa hrefhttpalexmg.comowinsupportforthewebapi2andmvc5integrationsinautofachttpalexmg.comowinsupportforthewebapi2andmvc5integrationsinautofacap  pMy code in Startup.cs looks like thisp  precode        var config  new HttpConfiguration          IContainer container  EngineContext.InitializeEngine          var dependencyResolver  new AutofacWebApiDependencyResolvercontainer         config.DependencyResolver  dependencyResolver          app.UseAutofacMiddlewarecontainer         app.UseAutofacWebApiconfig          WebApiConfig.Registerconfig         app.UseWebApiconfig codepre  pHowever whichever way I spin it, rearrange the code or whatever, Autofac is just not able to resolve anything. Before Owin I had my Global.asax method working just finep  precode    protected void ApplicationStart              IContainer container  EngineContext.InitializeEngine          var dependencyResolver  new AutofacWebApiDependencyResolvercontainer         GlobalConfiguration.Configuration.DependencyResolver  dependencyResolver          GlobalConfiguration.ConfigureWebApiConfig.Register      codepre  pWhat am I missingp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI just started to develop for BlackBerry 6 and 7 and grasped the basic for programming but when testing an example that requires to change the SIM card to validate a new number I came across a problem, I cant login.p  pIm using a SIM card provided at my workplace and I dont understand the problem. I created a BlackBerry ID and tried to login, but it gives the message This is not a valid BlackBerry account. I can use this user to log in into their site and the device was connected to WiFi before I changed the SIM card so it should be connected to the Internet, the login screen doesnt give me an option to connect to Internet so I guess its connected.p  pI tried to change the SIM card back to its original but now it shows again a login screen.p  pDoes it mean that a SIM card is linked to a single BlackBerry ID p  pIm learning from a book and nothing about changing SIM cards is covered there and the BlackBerry site is offering more on developing for BlackBerry 10 so I dont know where to dig there to find a faq section or common problems with older versions.p
Negative 10594 pI am currently trying to merge three datasets for analysis purposes. I am using certain common fields to establish the connections between the datasets. In order to create the connections I have tried using the following type of queryp  precodeMATCH p1Person,p2Person WHERE p1.email  p2.email AND p1.name  p2.name AND p1 ltgt p2  CREATE UNIQUE p1[IS]p2 codepre  pWhich can be similarly written asp  precodeMATCH p1Person,p2Person namep1.name, emailp1.email WHERE p1 ltgt p2  CREATE UNIQUE p1[IS]p2 codepre  pNeedless to say, this is a very slow query on a database with about 100,000 Person nodes, specially given that Neo4j does not process single queries in parallel. p  pNow, my question is whether there is any better way to run such queries in Neo4j. I have at least eight CPU cores to dedicate to Neo4j, as long as separate threads dont tie up by locking each others required resources.p  pThe issue is that I dont know how Neo4j builds its Cypher execution plans. For instance, lets say I run the following test queryp  precodeMATCH p1Person,p2Person namep1.name, emailp1.email WHERE p1 ltgt p2  RETURN p1, p2 LIMIT 100 codepre  pDespite the LIMIT clause, Neo4j still takes a considerable amount of time to turn in the results, what makes me wonder whether even for such a limited query Neo4j produces the whole cartesian product table before considering the LIMIT statement. p  pI appreciate any help, whether it addresses this specific issue or just gives me an understanding of how Neo4j generally builds Cypher execution plans and thus how to optimize queries in general. Can legacy Lucene indexes be of any help herep
Negative 10594 pI am using zeromq with protobuf to sendrecieve messages but code was crashing on receiver end with codeSegmentation fault core dumpedcode error while parsing the received data.p  pcodeScancode is my message.p  pstrongsender.cppstrongp  precodeScan protolsmsg protolsmsg.setanglemin0.0 protolsmsg.setanglemax180.5 stdstring lsmsgstr protolsmsg.SerializeToStringamplsmsgstr zmqmessaget request lsmsgstr.size memcpy request.data, lsmsgstr.cstr,lsmsgstr.size socket.send request codepre  pstrongcollector.cppstrongp  precodezmqmessaget recieved socket.recv amprecieved thanks to   stdstring lsmsgstrcharrecieved.data,recieved.size  Scan pblasermsgrcv pblasermsgrcvgtParseFromStringlsmsgstr  lt  Segmentation fault here codepre  pI tried different way of converting codezmqmessagetcode to codestdstringcode but still it gives segmentation fault.p  pEdit updatep  precodestdstring lsmsgstrcharrecieved    stdstring lsmsgstrcharrecieved.data,recieved.size codepre  pthanks.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying open facebook share dialog . it was previously working last month on iphone 5s. but now it is not opening any of my facebook activities. like facebook share or facebook invite.p  pPlease note this code is working perfectly on iphone 5 , ipad , iphone 4s. p  pstrongOnly not working in iphone 5s or later devices.strongp  pI m using this code for facebook share.p  precodeFBAppCall appCall nil appCall  [FBDialogs     presentShareDialogWithLink  urlToShare                          name  hello world asda asdas                       caption  nil                   description  asdasd asdas                       picture  [NSURL URLWithStringhttpsencryptedtbn1.gstatic.comimagesqtbnANd9GcSjwkxnvc10dDUqi4dpzI2ovHpdAHwTvYLhiTCjBSfhkUJAM8Qng]                   clientState  nil                       handler  FBAppCall call, NSDictionary results, NSError error                                      if error                                          NSLogError , error.description                                      else                                          NSLogSuccess                                                                       ] codepre  pThis question is quite duplicate of a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20259829presentsharedialogwithparamspoststofbwallbutcallbackhandlerresultssaypresentsharedialogwithparamspoststofbwallbutcallbackhandlerresultssaya but answers to that question also not helps.p  pstrongNSLog shows this errorstrongp  blockquote   pError Error Domaincom.facebook.sdk Code11 p      pThe user navigated away from the Facebook app prior to completing this AppCall.     brThis AppCall is now cancelled and needs to be retried to get a successful completion     brUserInfo0x14dbf2a0 NSLocalizedDescriptionThe user navigated away from the       Facebook app prior to completing this AppCall.    This AppCall is now cancelled and needs to be retried to get a successful completionp blockquote  pstrongMoreover i had tried sample from a hrefhttpsgithub.comfbsamplesioshowtos relnofollowFBShareSamplea but its not working in iphone 5s, but its working in other devices.strongp
Negative 10594 pSQL Server 2008 R2p  pNote, I understand that performance issues can get complicated. My question is more general and pertains to behavior of codeISNULLcode construct in general.p  pI have a SQL query that needs to optionally filter by given parameter, I accomplished that by appending following clause to the queryp  precodeWHERE tbl.Col1  ISNULLcol1, tbl.Col1 codepre  pWhat I see is that my query executes fine from within SSMS, but when fed to dapper it times out.p  pIf I replace filter with following, behaviorally equivalent expressionp  precodeWHERE col1 IS NULL OR tbl.Col1  col1 codepre  pthe query executes without timeout.p  pstrongQuestionstrong why Is there a known issue with codeISNULLcode when used in this scenario that slows down query executionp  pI have not tried profiling the query yet, but will do that nextp
Negative 10594 pI am using OneClass SVM for outlier detections. It appears that as the number of training samples increases, the sensitivity TPTPFN of OneClass SVM detection result drops, and classification rate and specificity both increase. p  pWhats the best way of explaining this relationship in terms of hyperplane and support vectors p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pWhen im trying to know functionality of setDate ,setTime of javscript date i came across this problem.p  precodeltscriptgt var date1  new Date var date2  new Date1991,4,11 var date3  new Date1992,4,11  date3  date1 date2  date1 date2.setDatedate2 .getDate  40im changing only date2 value using setDate    print values  ltscriptgt    codepre  pI think the result will be likebr Fri Jul 04 2014br Wed Aug 13 2014br Fri Jul 04 2014p  pBut in output all date variables have same value  p  pWed Aug 13 2014p  pWed Aug 13 2014p  pWed Aug 13 2014p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netManirajss4dSCf relnofollowjsfiddleap  pIf i do similar kind of code with integer variables they work like as i thinkall int variables have different values.p  pstrongSummary of Questionsstrong    p  ol liHow date assignment and number assignment differsli liWhy and how javascript setDate tracking other date variables li liLast but not least strongWhat i have to do if i want to change only date2 value with these assignmentsstrongli ol  pThanks in Advance.p
Negative 10594 pI have to play an audio part out of a big file 300MB.p  pThis is my codep  blockquote precode Media source is a local file.  datName  sound.dat  pointer  position in file  length   length of the part to play  try      file  await StorageFile.GetFileFromApplicationUriAsync           new UrimsappxData  datName      Get the media source as a stream.     IRandomAccessStream stream             await file.OpenAsyncFileAccessMode.Read     stream.Seekulongpointer  This is working, position changes from 0 to pointer     stream.Size  ulonglength  Is not working, Size remains unchanged at total file size     media.SetSourcestream, file.ContentType     media.Play  catch Exception ex      if ex is FormatException  ex is ArgumentException              ShowFileErrorMsg       codepre blockquote  pPlease note the comments on stream Seek and Size. The file is played from position zero. p  pHow can I play the sound from pointer to pointer  lengthp
Negative 10594 pSo I am trying to write a command line shell script or a shell script that will be able to recursively loop through a directory, all its files, and subdirectories for certain files and then print the location of these files to a text file. p  pI know that this is possible using BASH commands such as codefindcode, codelocatecode, codeexeccode, and codegtcode.  This is what I have so far. codefind lttopdirectorygt  name .class exec locate  gt location.txt  codep  pThis does not work though. Can any BASH, Shell scripting experts help me out please p  pThankyou for reading this. p
Negative 10594 pI want to develop an app where the face is detected using the front camera. However the image is not taken. The front camera should only detect the face and check whether it is within the correct dimensions. These dimensions will then help me to detect the distance between the face and front camera. I also want to check whether the phone is held at a  distance of 20 inches or about 1 feet or not. If this is possible.. please help me with it. The app is basically for testing vision. I want to add the above feature in it.p
Negative 10594 pIve looked for a solution but i found nothing. Withe the beta 3 of XCode 6 my code doesnt work anymore. Xcode returns me this errorp  blockquote   pWhile emitting SIL for tableView at   UsersMarcoDesktopiPrescriptioniPrescriptionMedicineTableViewController.swift10914   0 error unable to execute command Segmentation fault 11    0 error swift frontend command failed due to signal use   v to see invocation Command ApplicationsXcode6Beta3.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinswift   failed with exit code 254p blockquote  pim new to ios programming and i dont know what to do to finding the origin of this problem. Im very frustrated because i dont know what looking for. p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to limit the height of a DockPanel well the content acually to the remaining UserControl Height with a ScrollViewer in it to scroll if its too big.p  pI have a window wich uses a ContentController to hold the different UserControlsp  precodeltWindowgt ltGridgt ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt         ltColumnDefinition Widthgt     ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt     ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt         lt  0 Menu gt         ltRowDefinition Heightautogt         lt  1 Header gt         ltRowDefinition Height65gt         lt  2 Content gt         ltRowDefinition Heightgt         lt  3 Space gt         ltRowDefinition Height10gt         lt  4 Status line gt         ltRowDefinition Heightautogt         lt  5 Space gt         ltRowDefinition Height10gt     ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt lt...gt ltContentPresenter ContentBinding PathMainWindowContent Grid.Column0 Grid.Row2gt lt...gt ltGridgt ltWindowgt codepre  pThe UserControl wich I having trouble with is just a search for users and the output of the results. It does look like thisp  precodeltUserControlgt     ltGridgt         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt             ltColumnDefinition gt             ltColumnDefinition Widthautogt             ltColumnDefinition Width12gt             ltColumnDefinition Widthautogt             ltColumnDefinition gt         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt             ltRowDefinition Height10gt             ltRowDefinition Heightautogt             ltRowDefinition Height10gt         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt          ltGrid Grid.Column1 Grid.Row1gt             ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                 ltColumnDefinition Widthautogt             ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt             ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt                 ltRowDefinition Heightautogt             ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt             ltBorder Grid.Column0 Grid.Row0gt                 ltGridgt                     ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                         ltColumnDefinition Width30gt                         ltColumnDefinition Width200gt                         ltColumnDefinition Width20gt                         ltColumnDefinition Width200gt                         ltColumnDefinition gt                         ltColumnDefinition Width30gt                     ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                     ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt                         ltRowDefinition Heightautogt                         ltRowDefinition Height25gt                         ltRowDefinition Heightauto gt                         ltRowDefinition Height10 gt                         ltRowDefinition Heightautogt                         ltRowDefinition Height10gt                         ltRowDefinition Heightautogt                         ltRowDefinition Height40gt                         ltRowDefinition Heightgt                     ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt                      lt input fields gt                      ltDockPanel Grid.Column0 Grid.Row8 Grid.ColumnSpan6 LastChildFillTrue VerticalAlignmentStretch BackgroundStaticResource PrimaryCorporateBrushgt                         ltTextBlock StyleStaticResource HeadlineOutputLabel DockPanel.DockTopgt                           ltSeparator Opacity0 Height10 DockPanel.DockTopgt                         ltTextBlock VisibilityBinding PathHasResult, ConverterStaticResource Bool2RevertedVisibility Margin10 DockPanel.DockTopgt                         ltScrollViewer VerticalScrollBarVisibilityAuto HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretch VisibilityBinding PathHasResult, ConverterStaticResource Bool2Visibilitygt                             ltItemsControl ItemsSourceBinding PathMembers VerticalAlignmentStretchgt                                 ltItemsControl.ItemTemplategt                                     ltDataTemplategt                                         ltBorder TagBindinggt                                             lt Result Element gt                                         ltBordergt                                     ltDataTemplategt                                 ltItemsControl.ItemTemplategt                             ltItemsControlgt                         ltScrollViewergt                     ltDockPanelgt                 ltGridgt             ltBordergt         ltGridgt          ltGrid Grid.Column3 Grid.Row1gt             lt info display gt         ltGridgt     ltGridgt ltUserControlgt codepre  pI intent to limit the Results ScrollViewer height to the remaining visible space of the window, and if the results exceed it to display a scrollbar. But right now the DockPanel keeps extending the ScrollViewer and nested ItemsControl height till all elements are placed but does NOT show the ScrollBar. I am a bit lost here why it does that, shouldnt the DockPanel limit the Height to the visible space tried it with putting buttons instead of ItemsControl, nothing no ScrollBar.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to move on from simple linear singlevariable gradient descent into something more advanced best polynomial fit for a set of points. I created a simple octave test script which allows me to visually set the points in a 2D space, then start the gradient dsecent algorithm and see how it gradually approaches the best fit.p  pUnfortunately, it doesnt work as good as it did with the simple singlevariable linear regression the results I get  when I get them  are inconsistent with the polynome I expectp  pHere is the codep  precodedim5 h  figure axis[dim dim dim dim]  hold on index  1 data  zeros1,2 while1     [x,y,b]  ginput1     if lengthb  0          break     endif     plotx, y, b     dataindex,   [x y]     index endwhile  y  data, 2 m  lengthy X  data, 1 X  [onesm, 1, data,1, data,1.2, data,1.3 ]  theta  zeros4, 1  iterations  100 alpha  0.001 J  zeros1,iterations for iter  1iterations     theta   1m  X  theta  y  X  alpha      plotdim0.01dim, theta1  dim0.01dim.theta2  dim0.01dim.2.theta3  dim0.01dim.3.theta4, g      Jiter  sum 1m  X  theta  y  X end  plotdim0.01dim, theta1  dim0.01dim.theta2  dim0.01dim.2.theta3  dim0.01dim.3.theta4, r  figure plot1iter, J codepre  pI continuously get wrong results, even though it would seem that J is minimized correctly. I checked the plotting function with the normal equation  which works correctly of course, and although I believe the error lies somewhere in the theta equation, I cannot figure out what it.p
Negative 10594 pCurrently Im working on a fish animation. My fish sprite is animated and able to move freely on the canvas. Secondly I wanted to add food to feed the fishes on the canvas. But currently Im stuck and couldnt get the fishes to swim towards the food when its draw on the canvas.p  pHere is how my fish sprite is moving randomlyp  precodeFish.prototype.changeDirection  function       var me  this     var speedXSign  Math.random lt 0.5  1  1     var speedYSign  Math.random lt 0.5  1  1     this.speedX  speedXSign  1  Math.random  1.6     this.speedY  speedYSign  1  Math.random  1.6     var time  1000  2000Math.random     setTimeoutfunction me.changeDirection, time   Fish.prototype.move  function       this.animIndex     if  this.animIndex  animFrames.length this.animIndex  0      this.xPos  this.speedX     if this.xPos  this.frameWidth  this.frameScale  1.8 gt canvas.width ampamp this.speedX gt 0       this.xPos  this.frameWidth  this.frameScale  1.8 lt 0 ampamp this.speedX lt 0          this.speedX  this.speedX           this.yPos  this.speedY     if this.yPos  this.frameHeight  this.frameScale  1.8 gt canvas.height ampamp this.speedY gt 0       this.yPos  this.frameHeight  this.frameScale  1.8 lt 0 ampamp this.speedY lt 0          this.speedY  this.speedY       codepre  pAnd now when I Onclick on the canvas, the food will appear and together with the X and Y Offsets.p  precodefunction addFoodfoodArray     var iiimage  new Image     iiimage.src  ImagesredFood.png     forvar m  0  mltfoodArray.lengthm         var x  foodArray[m].x         var y  foodArray[m].y         context.drawImageiiimage,x,y,50,50        function getMousePoscanvas, evt          var rect  canvas.getBoundingClientRect         return            x evt.clientX  rect.left,           y evt.clientY  rect.top            canvas.onmousedown  functione     foodX  getMousePoscanvas,e.x     foodY  getMousePoscanvas,e.y     food  xfoodX,yfoodY     foodArray.pushfood     console.logfoodX,foodY     console.logfood     console.logfoodArray.length  codepre  pIs it possible to make the fish sprite change its direction to the nearest food available and then back to its random movement after the fish sprite has made contact with the food. p  pHere is my fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netBernard9bV4r6 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netBernard9bV4r6ap
Negative 10594 pIm not sure if Im trying the right thing. p  pI want to post a notification twice a day, but only if the user has selected this option. So, if the user turns on a checkbox, two delayed handlers will be posted. If the user unchecks the checkbox, both handlers will be cancelled. It works fine, but if the user turns on the checkbox, close the app, open the app and turns off the checkbox, the notification will be posted anyway. I dont have the original instance of the handler object, so I cant cancel it. So, how could I get the instance of the first handler I created if I close the app and I open it againp  pWhat should I do Thanksp
Negative 10594 pI am studying Overriding codehashCodecode and codeequalsObject objcode methods of codeObjectcode class.p  pbody of codeequalsObject objcode method in codeObjectcode class is  p  precodepublic boolean equalsObject obj      return this  obj  codepre  pand codehashCodecode is codenativecode  p  precodepublic native int hashCode codepre  pI have a class codeTestcode with overrided codeequalsObject objcode and codehashCoecode  p  precodepublic class Test   public static void mainString[] args     Test t1  new Test     Test t2  new Test      System.out.printlnt1 toString    t1.toString     System.out.printlnt1, Hex value of hashcode    Integer.toHexStringt1.hashCode     System.out.printlnt2 toString    t2.toString     System.out.printlnt2, Hex value of hashcode    Integer.toHexStringt2.hashCode     System.out.printlnt1.equalst2   Override public int hashCode      return 999 hard coded value is just for testing   Override public boolean equalsObject obj      return this  obj   codepre  pOutput of my Code is p  precodet1 toString  demo.Test3e7 t1, Hex value of hashcode  3e7 t2 toString  demo.Test3e7 t2, Hex value of hashcode  3e7 false  why it is false codepre  pwhy codeequalsObject objcode returns codefalsecode in this case if both objects codetoStringcode returns the same reference ID emhashcodeem [I am not sure if it compares hashcode or not].p  pWhat does codecode operator actually compare in case of objectsp  pin a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma75204642764279thisa answer, answerer said that emcodecode that is, it returns true if and only if both variables refer to the same object, if their references are one and the sameem.p  pHow does it know that emthe variables refer to the same objectemp
Negative 10594 pWhile working with the codeouterHeightcode function in codejquery 1.11.1code, Ive noticed that the table Im trying to resize doesnt have a consistent behavior across all browsers. In codeFFcode and codeIE11code I can see that the cell height is not the same across all rows.p  pWhen writing all the values to the console to see where the problem is, in FF and IE Im getting different values than what Im seeing in Chrome. For clarification, Im not using codeouterHeightruecode and even if I did, I would still expect the same values in pixels.p  pIs there anything I need to be aware of when using this functionp
Negative 10594 pI have integrated Everyplay in my game based on SpriteKit. After submitting an update I got a warning codeThe app references nonpublic selectors in Payloadgame.appgame appID, expirationDate, isOpencode.p  pI have searched for few hours to solve the problem but havent found something useful.p  pCould you help me to fix this problem p  pWill my game get approvedp  pstrongEditstrong This is coming from Everyplays code. I ran codestringscode command to test.p  pstrongMy game was approved.strongp
Negative 10594 pI have more than strong10 linesstrong to show strongin a line graphstrong. p  pI put the codeGraphicalViewcode generated by codeChartFactory.getTimeChartViewcode into a codeFragmentcode. br So, the codeGraphicalViewcode is wrapped inside a codeLinearLayoutcode, and the codeLinearLayoutcode is wrapped inside a codeScrollViewcode. brbrAnd then, I tried to show the fragment in a codeFragmentTabHostcode. brbrThe problem is there even I used a codeScrollViewcode, the scrolling seems to happen inside the graph.p  pa hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B8F89FhSb0WFk4VFpQT3BTWDgedituspsharing relnofollowPicture 1a  At the bottom, some names of the lines are cut off.p  pWhen I try to scroll down, it looks like this a hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B8F89FhSb0aHdvVGlNUUJEQU0edituspsharing relnofollowPicture 2a . Only the inside of the graph is dragged, instead of the whole graph.p  pPlease help Thanksp
Negative 10594 pI have multiple divs with dynamic content and all of them have the same height. Beside the content a Submit Button is inside of each div, which is directly next to the content.  But i want to display the Button at the bottom of the div.p  pstrongHTML Markupstrong p  precodeltdiv classproductteaserrowgt     ltdiv classproductteasergt          lth2gtTitlelth2gt          ltpgtContent Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Content Contentltpgt         ltbutton classbtn btngrey typesubmit nameactiongtAnsehenltbuttongt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classproductteasergt          lth2gtTitle 2lth2gt          ltpgtContentltpgt         ltbutton classbtn btngrey typesubmit nameactiongtAnsehenltbuttongt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pstrongCSS Codestrongp  precodediv.productteaser      border 1px c7d2d6 solid     padding 0px 10px 10px 10px     width 216px     height 100     display tablecell   div.productteaserrow      display table     bordercollapse separate     borderspacing 10px  codepre  pIve already tried different things like codeverticalalign bottomcode on the div and codedisplay inlineblockcode on the Button, but nothing worked for me.p  pHere is a a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netcr4zM relnofollowJSFiddle Demoa of my code.p
Negative 10594 pI need to compare enums, but note sure how to access them. I get live events which are string. I need to compare it with the set of set of strings to do necessary action. I tried to use enum but its not working   p  precodepublic enum Type       TYPEONEeventone     TYPETWOeventtwo      private TypeString mType         this.mType  mType          private final String mType      public String getTypereturn mType  codepre  pI am trying to compare in SwitchCasep  precode switch event.getType                                 case Type.TYPEONE.getType   says Constant expression required                                     Do something                                  case Type.TYPETWO.getType   says Constant expression required                                     Do something                              codepre
Negative 10594 pIve been scratching my head on this one for a few days now. p  pUsing the angular codehttpcode service Im posting back to an api controller passing the codeMoviecode json object. And while the correct action is hit, strongall of the models properties, primitives and complex, are null or defaultstrong. Ive used the codeJsonPropertycode attribute because the json objects properties have different names than the c model that I need to deserialize to. Ive also tried using codeDataContractcode, being sure to set codeUseDataContractJsonSerializercode to codetruecode on app start, but that had no effect also.p  pI should also note that Im using web api 2.2.p  pSimplified Modelp  precodepublic class Movie       [DatabaseGeneratedDatabaseGeneratedOption.None]     [JsonPropertyPropertyName  id]     public int Id  get set       [JsonPropertyPropertyName  title]     public string Title  get set       [JsonPropertyPropertyName  year]     public int Year  get set       [JsonPropertyPropertyName  releasedates]     public ReleaseDates ReleaseDates  get set       [JsonPropertyPropertyName  ratings]     public Ratings Ratings  get set       [JsonPropertyPropertyName  abridgedcast]     public ICollectionltCharactergt Cast  get set       [JsonPropertyPropertyName  users]     public ICollectionltUsergt Users  get set   codepre  pActionp  precodepublic async TaskltHttpResponseMessagegt PostMovie movie       do stuff  codepre  pCall from the client in debug I can see that the movie js object is hydrated with the proper datap  precodehttp.postapiusermovies,  movie  movie  codepre  pThis is the content in the request being sent from angularp  precode     movie           id  12897,         title  The Matrix,         year  1999,         releasedates               theater  19990331,             dvd  19990921         ,         ratings               criticsrating  Certified Fresh,             criticsscore  87,             audiencerating  Upright,             audiencescore  85         ,         abridgedcast  [                 name  Keanu Reeves,                 id  162654049,                 characters  [Neo]             ,                  name  Laurence Fishburne,                 id  162669090,                 characters  [Morpheus]             ,                  name  CarrieAnne Moss,                 id  162669130,                 characters  [Trinity]             ,                  name  Hugo Weaving,                 id  162709905,                 characters  [Agent Smith]             ,                  name  Gloria Foster,                 id  364627698,                 characters  [The Oracle]                      ],         hashKey  00C       codepre  pTracing doesnt really turn up anything. The modelBinder seems to be properly associating the json with the correct model...p  blockquote   pw3wp.exe Information 0  Request, MethodPOST, Urla hrefhttpwww.moovy.comapiusermovies relnofollowhttpwww.moovy.comapiusermoviesa, Messagea hrefhttpwww.moovy.comapiusermovies relnofollowhttpwww.moovy.comapiusermoviesap      pw3wp.exe Information 0  MessageUserMovies, OperationDefaultHttpControllerSelector.SelectControllerp      pw3wp.exe Information 0  MessageMoovy.Api.Controllers.UserMoviesController, OperationDefaultHttpControllerActivator.Createp      pw3wp.exe Information 0  MessageMoovy.Api.Controllers.UserMoviesController, OperationHttpControllerDescriptor.CreateControllerp      pw3wp.exe Information 0  MessageSelected action PostMovie movie, OperationApiControllerActionSelector.SelectActionp      pw3wp.exe Information 0  MessageValue readMoovy.Models.Movie, OperationJsonMediaTypeFormatter.ReadFromStreamAsyncp      pw3wp.exe Information 0  MessageParameter movie bound to the value Moovy.Models.Movie, OperationFormatterParameterBinding.ExecuteBindingAsyncp      pw3wp.exe Information 0  MessageModel state is valid. Values movieMoovy.Models.Movie, OperationHttpActionBinding.ExecuteBindingAsyncp blockquote  pWhat to do, what to dop
Negative 10594 pI am crafting a CORS request with jQuery to accomplish a SSO type system.  User logs into wordpress and with a hook at the same time also logs into Moodle.p  pThe problem Im having is that in Safari and only safari 7 when the inital POST request is set to moodlesite.comloginindex.php there is a redirect to moodlesite.comloginindex.phptestsessionuserid.p  pWhen this redirect occurs Safari drops the applicable CORS headers and then the request to the redirected URL fails.p
Negative 10594 pI have an iOS app that only has a problem on 64 devices. The function where the problem is, is herep  precode NSMutableData getPageNSIntegerpageNumber      NSLogld,longpageNumber      CGPDFDocumentRef SourcePDFDocument  CGPDFDocumentCreateWithURLCFURLRef[NSURL fileURLWithPath[[NSBundle mainBundle] pathForResourcefull ofTypepdf]]  Create the CGPDFDocument from the URL     if SourcePDFDocument  NULL          return nil            Reference to Page current Page     CGPDFPageRef SourcePDFPage  CGPDFDocumentGetPageSourcePDFDocument, pageNumber      CGRect mediaBox  CGPDFPageGetBoxRectSourcePDFPage, kCGPDFMediaBox     NSMutableData outputData  [NSMutableData data]     CGDataConsumerRef consumer  CGDataConsumerCreateWithCFDatabridge CFMutableDataRefoutputData     CGContextRef context  CGPDFContextCreateconsumer, ampmediaBox, NULL      draw     CGContextBeginPagecontext, ampmediaBox     CGContextDrawPDFPagecontext, SourcePDFPage     CGContextEndPagecontext      cleanup     CGDataConsumerReleaseconsumer     CGContextReleasecontext      return outputData  codepre  pWhat it does is grab a single paged from a larger pdf and convert it to NSMutableData so that it can be emailed. The problem that it is having on 64bit devices is that it is grabbing the wrong page 18 pages before. Can anyone see the problemp
Negative 10594 pI am showing a message box if a user taps back at the main page of a game application.p  pThe usual solutionp  precodeMessageBoxResult res  MessageBox.Showtxt, cap, MessageBoxButton.OKCancel     if res  MessageBoxResult.OK              e.Cancel  false         return      codepre  pdoesnt work for me, because I need those buttons to be localized not with a phones localization but using apps selected language i.e. if users phone has english locale and he has set an apps language to be french, the buttons should be Oui and Non instead of default OK and Cancel.p  pI have tried the following approach and it works visuallyp  precodeprotected override void OnBackKeyPressCancelEventArgs e      some conditions     e.Cancel  true     string quitText  DeviceWrapper.LocalizeQUITTEXT     string quitCaption  DeviceWrapper.LocalizeQUITCAPTION     string quitOk  DeviceWrapper.LocalizeDISMISS     string quitCancel  DeviceWrapper.LocalizeMESSAGEBOXCANCEL     Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.Guide.BeginShowMessageBox         quitCaption,          quitText,         new Listltstringgt  quitOk, quitCancel ,          0,          Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.MessageBoxIcon.Error,         asyncResult gt                      int returned  Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.Guide.EndShowMessageBoxasyncResult             if returned.Value  0 first option  OK  quit the game                              e.Cancel  false                 return                      ,          null     some more features  codepre  pbut it doesnt quit an application.p  pWhich approach should I use I am not to use Terminate because its a fairly big app and its not good to quit it that way.p
Negative 10594 pIn my project I need the user subscribed plans which are not expired. When a user subscribe to a plan, it will be entered in a table emusersubscriptionem with structure as shown belowp  precodeid  userid   planid  subscribedon codepre  pThe table for storing plan details is emsubscriptionplansemp  precodeid  plan   dayslimit  discountedrate  addedon    status  rate 1   PlanJ  30          240              1403094260  1       245.00 codepre  pThis table will contain details of subscription plans in the project. A video can be part of one or more plans. If a video is under a plan it will be stored in database emsubscribedvideosem.p  precodeid   planid  videoid codepre  pAlso a plan can be part of another plan. That is suppose there are plans say A and B. Video 1 is part of plan B and plan a contains plan B also associated plans. So if the user subscribe to plan A, the videos in plan B will be available for him. The table for associated plans is emsubscriptiongroupsem. The structure is shared belowp  precodeid  planid  assosiatedplanid  addedon codepre  pWhat I need is to check whether user has subscribed to a plan containing selected video which is not expired ie,it will expire on emsubscribedondayslimitem day. The current query which I am using now isp  precode    select u.id,sp.dayslimit from usersubscription as u INNER JOIN subscriptionplans as  sp ON sp.idu.planid where planid IN   SELECT DISTINCT planid FROM subscribedvideos  sv where sv.videoid  57   OR id IN  SELECT DISTINCT assosiatedplanid AS planid FROM subscriptiongroups sg JOIN subscribedvideos sv ON sv.planid  sg.planid WHERE  sv.videoid  57   and u.userid1 AND DATEADDFROMUNIXTIMEu.subscribedon, INTERVAL  sp.dayslimit DAY gt NOW codepre  pThis will check whether a user with id 1 is subscribed to any plans main plan or associated plan containing video with id 57. I am saving date as integer unix timestamp.p  pCan anyone help me to find a solution to this Please check this a hrefhttpsqlfiddle.com2440011 relnofollowSQL FIDDLEap  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pIm trying to make a music player that works on api level 8 but has the same notification feature as the standard music player i.e. 3 buttons which control the player. This is my code, i know it isnt really finished but for now i just want to figure out how to make the buttons clickable. If i try to click any buttons it just ignores them and is as if i clicked the whole notification.p  precode    RemoteViews views  new RemoteViewsgetPackageName,             R.layout.notrview      views.setTextViewTextR.id.textView1, nowPlaying.title       Intent intentP1  new Intentthis, MainActivity.class     intent.setActionYOURAWESOMEACTION     PendingIntent pendingIntent1  PendingIntent.getBroadcastthis, 0, intentP1, 0     views.setOnClickPendingIntentR.id.button1, pendingIntent1      Intent intentP2  new Intentthis, MainActivity.class     intent.setActionYOURAWESOMEACTION     PendingIntent pendingIntent2  PendingIntent.getBroadcastthis, 0, intentP2, 0     views.setOnClickPendingIntentR.id.button2, pendingIntent2      Intent intentP3  new Intentthis, MainActivity.class     intent.setActionYOURAWESOMEACTION     PendingIntent pendingIntent3  PendingIntent.getBroadcastthis, 0, intentP3, 0     views.setOnClickPendingIntentR.id.button3, pendingIntent3       Notification status  new Notification     status.contentView  views     status.flags  Notification.FLAGONGOINGEVENT     status.icon  R.drawable.play     status.contentIntent  PendingIntent.getActivitythis, 0, new Intent             MusicService             .addFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYNEWTASK, 0     startForeground1, status codepre  pAlso, is this the right direction im heading or should i do something different I copied somemost of the code from the built in app and some from other answers here.p
Negative 10594 pI have WPF window without borders codeWindowStyle  Nonecode and following code for manual form maximizingrestorationp  pre classlangcs prettyprintoverridecodevar currentScreen  this.CurrentScreen if windowState  System.Windows.WindowState.Normal      windowState  System.Windows.WindowState.Maximized     left  Left     top  Top     width  Width     height  Height     Left  currentScreen.WorkingArea.Left     Top  currentScreen.WorkingArea.Top     Width  currentScreen.WorkingArea.Width     Height  currentScreen.WorkingArea.Height  else      windowState  System.Windows.WindowState.Normal     Left  left     Top  top     Width  width     Height  height  codepre  pBut size changing performs in several step left position change, top position change, width change and height change. How can I change all of these properties simultaniouslyp
Negative 10594 pI have built an small nodejs app using express. Everything works fine on my local machine amp the app runs good when I point my browser to codehttplocalhost3000codep  pBut now I am planning to host this app on one of the domain, Lets say codehttpexample.orgcode which is running on nginx amp its a php codep  pBut how do I make my express app to properly run the app on codeexample.orgnodeappcode  Currently, it is considering the codeexample.orgcode as base url of my app amp hence throws 404 as it searches for codenodeappcode in my routes. It should ideally consider codeexample.orgnodeappcode as baseurl.p  pIn my server block config, I have following codep  precodelisten 80  servername yourdomain.com  location nodeapp      proxypass httplocalhost3000     proxyhttpversion 1.1     proxysetheader Upgrade httpupgrade     proxysetheader Connection upgrade     proxysetheader Host host     proxycachebypass httpupgrade  codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a Google Glass immersion that uses a codeCardScrollViewcode to display a series of Cards. p  pI have created a codePanelMenucode that uses contextual voice commands by following Googles a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comglassdevelopgdkvoicecontextualvoicecommands relnofollowdocumentationa. I am able to jump to specific Cards using voice commands as described in a a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions24922721googleglassjumptoacardincardscrollviewprevious question of minea. The problem is I can only do this by creating a unique menu item for each card, like this p  pre  Voiceactivated menu Go to Card 1 Go to Card 2 Go to Card 3 ... pre  pThis is nice for a proof of concept but is impractical in any real situation. Can I get glass to recognize when I say an arbitrary number This would ideally mean having a single Go to Card command in my menu and leave it clutter free. For examplep  pre  Voiceactivated menu Go to Card X pre  pWhere codeXcode can be any integer code1,2,3...codep  hr  pAll put together, I would like the interaction to go like thisp  pre 1 App opens, displays Card 1  2 User says ok glass  3 PanelMenu opens, it displays one item Go to Card  4 User says Go to Card 6  5 App displays Card 6   reopen PanelMenu...  6 User says Go to Card 22  7 App displays Card 22 pre  pa hrefhttpscode.google.compgoogleglassapiissuesdetailid273 relnofollowIssue 273a has numerous links regarding Contextual Voice Commands, but I cant seem to find anything like what I have described. Any help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pEntering and compiling the Java class below did not mark any errors in the code using Eclipsep  precodepublic class Test      public static void mainString args[]          xCase  yCase  100       codepre  pThe identifiers xCase and yCase not defined this couldnt be right, so running the commandline compiler to check it gave me 2 errorsp  precodeCTestgtjavac Test.java Test.java5 error cannot find symbol                 xCase  yCase  100                    symbol   variable xCase   location class Test   Test.java5 error cannot find symbol                 xCase  yCase  100                            symbol   variable yCase   location class Test   2 errors codepre  pWhy isnt Eclipse showing me these errorsp
Negative 10594 pI have codeUIViewControllercode in a codeUINavigationControllercode. This view controller implement a protocol. p  pIm trying to get the first controller of the navigation stack and to cast it p  precodeif let vc  navigationStack.viewControllers[0] as ExplorerInterface      return vc  codepre  pbut I get the error   codeCannot downcast from AnyObject to nonobjc protocol type ExplorerInterfacecode.p  pIm looking for a way to fix this issue without adding the codeobjccode keyword to my protocol because this protocol contain swift type like tuples and the codeobjccode keyword is not compatible with Swift typesp
Negative 10594 pFor some reason, my apache doesnt have modlogio compiled by default. when I executed the commandp  precodehttpd l codepre  pAnd it isnt there.p  pI tried to install it executingp  precodeyum install modlogio codepre  pBut it says codeNothing to docode.p  pCould you help mep  pYou may needp  precode httpd v Server version Apache2.2.24 Unix Server built   Mar 21 2013 170405  uname a Linux liit 2.6.18348.12.1.el5 1 SMP Wed Jul 10 052841 EDT 2013 x8664 x8664 x8664 GNULinux  cat procversion Linux version 2.6.18348.12.1.el5 mockbuildbuilder10.centos.org gcc version 4.1.2 20080704 Red Hat 4.1.254 1 SMP Wed Jul 10 052841 EDT 2013  cat etcredhatrelease CentOS release 5.9 Final codepre
Negative 10594 pSo here is my problemp  pI have an RPG inventory that draws items in a grid7x4, via two for loopsp  precode[Update Method]  index  0 for int x  0 x lt 7 x      for int y  0 y lt ItemList.Count  7 y              ItemList[index].gridLocation  new Pointx, y         index       codepre  pItemList is just a list of the BaseItem class.p  pThis is how I would want this code to draw the gridp  precodeX X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X codepre  pBut this is how it does it insteadp  precodeX X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X codepre  pIt cuts off the end row that isnt greater than or equal to 7.p  pNow when I use an itemusing an item removes it from the list, it adds the next hidden item to the end of the 3rd row.p  pId appreciate any help. Thanks,p  pEDIT Thanks to Nico for the help, this is what my code looks like nowp  precode                if ItemList.Count gt 6                                      for int index  0 index lt ItemList.Count index                                              ItemList[index].gridLocation  new Pointindex  7, intindex  7                         ItemList[index].UpdateValuesScreenLocation, itemSize, LocY                                                       else if ItemList.Count lt 7                                      for int index  0 index lt ItemList.Count index                                              ItemList[index].gridLocation  new Pointindex, 0                         ItemList[index].UpdateValuesScreenLocation, itemSize, LocY                                       codepre  pI found there was a problem where if the itemList was below 7, it wouldnt display any of the items. Above code fixes it. Thanks againp
Negative 10594 pI want to scan BLE advertisers passively within my Android App.br But I couldnt found how to do this.p  ul lipAccording Bluetooth 4.0 Core spec, There exists passive scan mode.br  Vol 6  Core System Package  [Low Energy Controller volume],br  Part D4.1 PASSIVE SCANNINGbr  a hrefhttpswww.bluetooth.orgDocManhandlersDownloadDoc.ashxdocid282159 relnofollowhttpswww.bluetooth.orgDocManhandlersDownloadDoc.ashxdocid282159abr  A device can use passive scanning to find advertising devices in the area.pli lipAnd also, android has parameter that determines scan type. ActivePassivebr  a hrefhttpandroidxref.com4.3r2.1xrefexternalbluetoothbluedroidstackbtmbtmblegap.c555 relnofollowhttpandroidxref.com4.3r2.1xrefexternalbluetoothbluedroidstackbtmbtmblegap.c555abr  scantype active scan or passive scanpli lipMeanwhile, iOS can scan ble advertisers passively. sadly, background mode onlybr  a hrefhttplists.apple.comarchivesbluetoothdev2012Maymsg00041.html relnofollowhttplists.apple.comarchivesbluetoothdev2012Maymsg00041.htmlabr  When the app is in the background, iOS performs passive scanning.pli ul  pBut I cannot found whether it is possible to use passive scan mode or not.p  pstrongQuestionstrong  Is it possible to use PASSIVE SCAN on Android If it is possible, How to use this featurep
Negative 10594 pI have been trying to attach this a hrefhttpharvesthq.github.iochosen relnofollowhttpharvesthq.github.iochosena to my asp.net mvc 4 site, but still to no avail.  I tried doing the same with simple WebForms, and it was a success. Nuget packages were downloaded to default locations in both cases. in all I downloaded these packagesp  ul liJquery2.1.1 li liJqueryui1.10.4li lichosen1.1.0 li lichosen.jquery1.1.0li ul  pScripts are located in codeScriptscode folder and Css file in codeContentcode I have been using Visual Studio 2013. Here is the code of View simplifiedp  precodemodel IEnumerableltmodelnameheregt               ViewBag.Title  Index      using Html.BeginFormIndex, TestedController, FormMethod.Get      some code here       ltselect multiple classmySelector dataplaceholderChoose...gt     ltoptiongtSelect 1ltoptiongt     ltoptiongtSelect 2ltoptiongt     ltoptiongtSelect 3ltoptiongt ltselectgt   ltlink hrefUrl.ContentContentchosen.css relstylesheet typetextcss gt ltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptschosen.jquery.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     document.readyfunction           .mySelector.chosen      ltscriptgt codepre  pAnd here is codeLayout.cshtmlcode shared pagep  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langengt     ltheadgt         ltmeta charsetutf8 gt         lttitlegtViewBag.Title  ASP.NET MVClttitlegt         ltlink hreffavicon.ico relshortcut icon typeimagexicon gt         ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth gt         Styles.RenderContentcss         Scripts.Renderbundlesmodernizr      ltheadgt     ltbodygt         ltheadergt             ltdiv classcontentwrappergt                 ltdiv classfloatleftgt                     ltp classsitetitlegtHtml.ActionLinkASP.NET MVC, Index, Homeltpgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classfloatrightgt                     ltsection idlogingt                     ltsectiongt                      ltnavgt                         ltul idmenugt                             ltligtHtml.ActionLinkTesting Page, Index,TestedControllerligt                         ltulgt                     ltnavgt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltheadergt         ltdiv idbodygt             RenderSectionfeatured, required false             ltsection classcontentwrapper maincontent clearfixgt                 RenderBody             ltsectiongt         ltdivgt         ltfootergt             ltdiv classcontentwrappergt                 ltdiv classfloatleftgt                     ltpgtampcopy DateTime.Now.Year  ASP.Net MVCltpgt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltfootergt          Scripts.Renderbundlesjquery         RenderSectionscripts, required false     ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pIm kinda new to using JQuery, so if there is some explanation to the wrongs steps I have done, it would be much appp
Negative 10594 pHow do you get the seconds from epoch in Swiftp
Negative 10594 pPig a hrefhttppig.apache.orgdocsr0.13.0basic.htmlgroup relnofollowdocumentationa says if some conditions are metthese conditions are described in doc, Pig can do map side codeGROUPcode. Can someone explain this algorithm I want to get a deep understanding of what can be done by MapReduce.p
Negative 10594 pHow do I force an empty page in HTML document I have a title page, after which is forced pagebreak rule below. The problem is the remaining content is appearing on the directly next page, where Id want the title page and remaining content to be divided by 1 empty page pictured below.p  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv classtitlepagegt   title ltdivgt  ltdiv classcontentgt   blah blah ltdivgt codepre  pCSS p  precode.titlepage    pagebreakafter always  codepre  pExpected resultp  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecode   title               1                            2       blah    blah        3    codepre  pI realize it can be done with inserting an empty  between title page and the remaining content, then specyfing codepagebreakafter alwayscode on it. Inserting empty div isnt too semantically correct though. Is there a way to achieve the same result using CSS onlyp  pstrongEDITstrong In this case it could also be done with codepagebreakafter leftcode, as the first page is a left page by default. What about cases in the middle of the document, where you cant be sure if a page youre on is left or right. Or when you want to insert more than 1 emtpy page. Can it still be done with CSSp
Negative 10594 precodeltphp sessionstart  included file and use  appid  xxx appsecret  xxx FacebookSessionsetDefaultApplicationappid, appsecret helper  new FacebookRedirectLoginHelperhttpexamplefacebook4.0, appid, appsecret try       session  helpergtgetSessionFromRedirect  catchFacebookRequestException ex    catchException ex    loggedIn  false  if issetsession      if session                       loggedIn  true             try                      logged here and get data                 userprofile  new FacebookRequest                 session, GET, me                 gtexecutegtgetGraphObjectGraphUserclassName                 printruserprofile print data                            catchFacebookRequestException e                   echo Exception occured, code  . egtgetCode                 echo  with message  . egtgetMessage                            ifloggedIn  if user is not online  get link and add scope      loginUrl  helpergtgetLoginUrlarraypublicprofile,email     echo lta hrefloginUrlgtLogin With Facebookltagt  else      printruserprofile logout link is generated here      echo ltbrgtltbrgtlta hrefindex.phpgtLogoutltagt print to sceen   gt codepre  pPlease Help me i have set Domain name to localhost and Site URL to codehttplocalhostcode   i have also tried codehttplocalhost80code , codehttpmydomainname80code changing hosts [enter image description here][1]p  pthis is error i get in response p  pthis is what i get in reply and please try helping me if possible giving my code a small time  p  precodeFacebookFacebookSDKException Object      [messageprotected] gt Failed to connect to graph.facebook.com port 443 Network unreachable     [stringExceptionprivate] gt      [codeprotected] gt 7     [fileprotected] gt CxampphtdocsmyappFacebookHttpClientsFacebookCurlHttpClient.php     [lineprotected] gt 142     [traceExceptionprivate] gt Array                      [0] gt Array                                      [file] gt CxampphtdocsmyappFacebookFacebookRequest.php                     [line] gt 248                     [function] gt send                     [class] gt FacebookHttpClientsFacebookCurlHttpClient                     [type] gt gt                     [args] gt Array                                                      [0] gt httpsgraph.facebook.comv2.0oauthaccesstokenclientidmy 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                             [1] gt GET                             [2] gt Array                                                                                                                            [1] gt Array                                      [file] gt CxampphtdocsmyappFacebookFacebookRedirectLoginHelper.php                     [line] gt 146                     [function] gt execute                     [class] gt FacebookFacebookRequest                     [type] gt gt                     [args] gt Array                                                                                  [2] gt Array                                      [file] gt Cxampphtdocsmyappindex.php                     [line] gt 52                     [function] gt getSessionFromRedirect                     [class] gt FacebookFacebookRedirectLoginHelper                     [type] gt gt                     [args] gt Array                                                                                    [previousExceptionprivate] gt   1 codepre
Negative 10594 pApologies if this is a dumb question...p  pIve been playing around on our TFS server  learning by trialanderror. For our simple development needs, I think using a Hosted Build Controller should be just fine.p  pHowever, Ive deleted, unregistered and recreated the Controller and Agent several times Build folder is at 6 by now.p  pSo how do I reset everything without breaking TFS, which is already live and running Is the Default Controller inherently the same as a Hosted Controller If not, how do I create a Hosted Controller Finally, is there a way to start from one a again with the Build Agent Numbersp
Negative 10594 pThe error isp  precodecc1 error unrecognized command line option arch codepre  pwhich comes from my attempt to install GEOS by usingp  precodepython setup.py install codepre  pIn full, the terminal output readsp  precodecc1 error unrecognized command line option arch cc1 error unrecognized command line option arch Traceback most recent call last   File setup.py, line 97, in ltmodulegt     objects  cc.compile[nad2bin.c, srcpjmalloc.c]   File Usersgedanacondalibpython2.7sitepackagesnumpydistutilsccompiler.py, line 205, in CCompilercompile     self.compileobj, src, ext, ccargs, extrapostargs, ppopts   File Usersgedanacondalibpython2.7sitepackagesnumpydistutilsunixccompiler.py, line 40, in UnixCCompilercompile     raise CompileErrormsg distutils.errors.CompileError Command gcc fnostrictaliasing IUsersgedanacondainclude arch x8664 isysroot DeveloperSDKsMacOSX10.5.sdk DNDEBUG g fwrapv O3 Wall Wstrictprototypes Isrc c nad2bin.c o nad2bin.o failed with exit status 1 codepre  pThis a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7572429macosxpythonpackagesfailedtobuildbecauseofgccissuesissuea has been asked already, and the solution was to revert back to the codegcccode that originally came with the Mac OS X ver. 10.7.3p  pIf that could be the solution Im looking for, how do you restore codegcccodep  pIf you need additional information, please leave a comment.p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI am using South for migrations.p  pIs it possible to edit a field, that was previously using IntegerField as its datatype to use BigIntegerField as its datatypep  pDoes south support such migrations or will I have to perform multiple migrations for the same Adding another column followed by a data migration and finally dropping the old columnp
Negative 10594 pReading through Apples a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibraryiosdocumentationuserexperienceconceptualmobilehigControls.html relnofollowhuman interface guidelinesa, I found something quite peculiar. Under the strongUISwitchstrong section it says p  blockquote   pA switchp      ul   liIndicates the binary state of an item  li   liIs used in table views onlyli   ul blockquote  pThe first bullet point is obvious, the part that confuses me is the second bullet.  p  pIt seems as though Apple does not suggest using a UISwitch anywhere other than in UITableViews, but it seems to me that there would be plenty of other uses. p  pAn example that comes to mind is a strongSave Usernamestrong switch, although I use a few UISwitches in other places as well.p  pMy question is, should I be worried about Apple rejecting my app for using these outside of TableViews And also, what would be an alternative to using switches As far as I know there is no native checkbox functionalityp  pNote I am coming from an Android Background where app rejection is a nonissue in most cases. So I am not sure how strict Apple is with rejecting apps that do not fit their standards andor guidelines.p
Negative 10594 pIm loading a XAML UserControl with XamlReader and then Im trying to convert it to an image with RenderTargetBitmap.p  pIts working fine with a simple UserControl.p  pBut if I use this Viewport3D, it doesnt work. The image is created without the 3D part... p  precode    ltViewport3Dgt         ltModelVisual3Dgt             ltModelVisual3D.Contentgt                 ltGeometryModel3Dgt                     ltGeometryModel3D.Geometrygt                         ltMeshGeometry3D                             Positions0.5  0.5  0.5,  0.5  0.5  0.5,                                        0.5  0  0.5,  0.5  0  0.5                             TriangleIndices 0  2  1,  1  2  3                             TextureCoordinates0 0, 1 0, 0 1, 1 1 gt                     ltGeometryModel3D.Geometrygt                      ltGeometryModel3D.Materialgt                         ltDiffuseMaterialgt                             ltDiffuseMaterial.Brushgt                                 ltVisualBrushgt                                     ltVisualBrush.Visualgt                                         ltButtongtHiltButtongt                                     ltVisualBrush.Visualgt                                 ltVisualBrushgt                             ltDiffuseMaterial.Brushgt                         ltDiffuseMaterialgt                                                   ltGeometryModel3D.Materialgt                      lt NonAffine Matrix Transform. gt                     ltGeometryModel3D.Transformgt                         ltMatrixTransform3Dgt                         ltMatrixTransform3Dgt                     ltGeometryModel3D.Transformgt                  ltGeometryModel3Dgt             ltModelVisual3D.Contentgt         ltModelVisual3Dgt          lt Light sources. gt         ltModelVisual3Dgt             ltModelVisual3D.Contentgt                 ltModel3DGroupgt                     ltAmbientLight Color404040 gt                     ltDirectionalLight ColorC0C0C0 Direction0 2 1 gt                 ltModel3DGroupgt             ltModelVisual3D.Contentgt         ltModelVisual3Dgt          lt Camera. gt         ltViewport3D.Cameragt             ltPerspectiveCamera Position0 0.2 1                                LookDirection0 0 1.5                                UpDirection0 1 0                                FieldOfView100gt             ltPerspectiveCameragt         ltViewport3D.Cameragt     ltViewport3Dgt codepre  pMy method to convert a UserControl to an image p  precodeprivate static byte[] ConvertUserControlToPngUserControl userControl              userControl.Measurenew SizeuserControl.Width, userControl.Height         userControl.Arrangenew Rectnew SizeuserControl.Width, userControl.Height         var renderTargetBitmap  new RenderTargetBitmapintuserControl.Width  300  96,                                                         intuserControl.Height  300  96,                                                         300, 300, PixelFormats.Pbgra32         renderTargetBitmap.RenderuserControl         BitmapEncoder encoder  new PngBitmapEncoder         encoder.Frames.Clear         encoder.Frames.AddBitmapFrame.CreaterenderTargetBitmap          byte[] result         using var stream  new MemoryStream                      encoder.Savestream             result  stream.ToArray                  return result      codepre  pAm I missing something p
Negative 10594 pI have a property table and its metatable, on my Property Model I joined this, and its fetching from metatable, but am not getting metadata of childern . Am getting only parents metadata. I need childern metadata too ..p  pany solutionp  precode ltphp     AppusesAppModel, Model     class Property extends BackendAppModel           public useTable  properties         public validate  array             title gt array                 rule gt notEmpty             ,                    public belongsTo  array             Parent gt arrayclassName gt Property, foreignKey   gt  parentid,             Group gt arrayclassName gt Property, foreignKey    gt  groupid,                   public hasMany  array              Childern gt                  arrayclassName gt Property,                      foreignKey gt parentid,                     dependent gt false,             ,               PropMeta  gt array                  className gt PropMeta,                 foreignKey gt propid,                                  class PropMeta extends BackendAppModel           public name  PropMeta          public useTable  propmeta          public belongsTo  array             Property gt arrayclassName gt Property, foreignKey gt  propid,               codepre  pEDIT   var dumpp  precodearray5    [Property]gt   array6      [id]gt     string1 1     [groupid]gt     string1 6     [parentid]gt     string1 0     [type]gt     string5 Lines     [status]gt     string1 0     [deleted]gt     string1 0      [Parent]gt   array6      [id]gt     NULL     [groupid]gt     NULL     [parentid]gt     NULL     [type]gt     NULL     [status]gt     NULL     [deleted]gt     NULL      [Group]gt   array6      [id]gt     string1 6     [groupid]gt     string1 0     [parentid]gt     string1 0     [type]gt     string7 Group 1     [status]gt     string1 0     [deleted]gt     string1 0      [Children]gt   array4      [0]gt     array6        [id]gt       string1 2       [groupid]gt       string1 0       [parentid]gt       string1 1       [type]gt       string5 child       [status]gt       string1 0       [deleted]gt       string1 0          [1]gt     array6        [id]gt       string1 3       [groupid]gt       string1 0       [parentid]gt       string1 1       [type]gt       string5 child       [status]gt       string1 0       [deleted]gt       string1 0          [2]gt     array6        [id]gt       string1 4       [groupid]gt       string1 0       [parentid]gt       string1 1       [type]gt       string5 child       [status]gt       string1 0       [deleted]gt       string1 0          [3]gt     array6        [id]gt       string1 5       [groupid]gt       string1 0       [parentid]gt       string1 1       [type]gt       string5 child       [status]gt       string1 0       [deleted]gt       string1 0           [PropMeta]gt   array1      [0]gt     array4        [id]gt       string1 1       [propid]gt       string1 1       [metakey]gt       string4 name       [metavalue]gt       string5 Lines          codepre  pEach property has meta values in Propmeta table, here am getting only meta of codePropertycode  I need the meta entires of codeChildrencode toop
Negative 10594 pSo em, first time here asking questions, I am developing an android app, where I have one fragment with gridview of images.  I am using a database to hold the image URLs and converting them to bitmaps using a picture adapter.p  pHow do I either extact all the strings from a column called COLUMNIMAGElINK to an array of Strings, or send my db strings to my picture adapter classp
Negative 10594 pNothing shows up when I try to put a background image in a div via CSS. Ive tried adding properties like position, width, height. And, I am also able to place the photo via CSS in the codeltbodygtcode tag. But, obviously, Id like to not have to leave it there. Heres my htmlp  precode    ltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt    ltheadgt      ltlink typetextcss relstylesheet hrefmain.cssgt      lttitlegt       Lovers ampamp Fighters     lttitlegt   ltheadgt   ltbodygt       ltdiv idphotogt       ltdivgt       ltnavgt         ltul idmaingt           ltligtMenultligt           ltligtAboutltligt           ltligtMusicltligt           ltligtVideosltligt           ltligtPhotosltligt           ltligtContactltligt         ltulgt         ltul idsocialgt           ltligt             ltimggt           ltligt           ltligt             ltimggt           ltligt         ltulgt      ltbodygt   lthtmlgt codepre  pHeres my CSSp  precodephoto     backgroundimage url..imagesbandbanner.png  codepre
Negative 10594 pI restarted Xcode and loaded a C project I had been working on. However, I got errors for undeclared identifiers. However, these errors are for variables that are either not on the line or simply dont exist old deleted ones.p  pExamplep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comk4jzz.png altenter image description herep  pCommenting doesnt get rid of them either img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcY4vM.png altenter image description herep  pI have triedp  ol liPulling from my repo not sure if that replaces the file li liCommenting and uncommenting.li liReinstalling xcode.li ol  pNothing seems to work. Any help would be greatp  hr  pEdit  Someone flagged this a potential duplicate. However the questioned they referenced does not mirror my issues. I am using xcode 5 and that user, even if their problem is the same, as mine is using xcode 4 and it sounds like their issue was with porting a project created with different versions of xcode.p
Negative 10594 pplease anyone help me about getting bitmap from surface view here is my GlSurface View Render class, i am getting bitmap image but it has black background so i want only image and remove background black color.p  precodepublic class GLLayer implements GLSurfaceView.Renderer    This class implements our custom renderer. Note that the GL10 parameter   passed in is unused for OpenGL ES 2.0 renderers  the static class   GLES20 is used instead.   public Context mActivityContext     Store the model matrix. This matrix is used to move models from object   space where each model can be thought of being located at the center of   the universe to world space.   private float[] mModelMatrix  new float[16]     Store the view matrix. This can be thought of as our camera. This matrix   transforms world space to eye space it positions things relative to our   eye.   private float[] mViewMatrix  new float[16]     Store the projection matrix. This is used to project the scene onto a 2D   viewport.   private float[] mProject[enter image description here][1]ionMatrix  new float[16]     Allocate storage for the final combined matrix. This will be passed into   the shader program.   private float[] mMVPMatrix  new float[16]   Store our model data in a float buffer.  private final FloatBuffer mCubePositions private final FloatBuffer mCubeColors private final FloatBuffer mCubeTextureCoordinates   This will be used to pass in the transformation matrix.  private int mMVPMatrixHandle   This will be used to pass in the texture.  private int mTextureUniformHandle0 private int mTextureUniformHandle1 private int mTextureUniformHandle2 private int mTextureUniformHandle3 private int mTextureUniformHandle4   This will be used to pass in model position information.  private int mPositionHandle   This will be used to pass in model color information.   private int mColorHandle   This will be used to pass in model texture coordinate information.  private int mTextureCoordinateHandle   How many bytes per float.  private final int mBytesPerFloat  4   Size of the position data in elements.  private final int mPositionDataSize  3   Size of the color data in elements.   private final int mColorDataSize  4   Size of the texture coordinate data in elements.  private final int mTextureCoordinateDataSize  2   This is a handle to our cube shading program.  private int mProgramHandle   This is a handle to our texture data.  private int mTextureDataHandle0 private int mTextureDataHandle1 private int mTextureDataHandle2 private int mTextureDataHandle3 private int mTextureDataHandle4     Shader Titles   static public int shaderselection  0 static public final int AMARO  1 static public final int EARLYBIRD  2 static public final int HEFE  3 static public final int HUDSON  4 static public final int MAYFAIR  5 static public final int RISE  6 static public final int TOASTER  7 static public final int VALENCIA  8 static public final int WILLOW  9 static public final int XPRO  10  private Bitmap mBitmap public static int widthsurface   public static int heightsurface  public int widthbitmap 0 public int heightbitmap0  public static boolean printOptionEnable  false  and more ...     Initialize the model data.   public GLLayerfinal Context activityContext, Bitmap mBitmap      mActivityContext  activityContext     this.mBitmap  mBitmap     this.widthbitmap  mBitmap.getWidth     this.heightbitmap  mBitmap.getHeight      Define points for a cube.      final float[] cubePositionData                 Front face             1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f,             1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f        R, G, B, A     final float[] cubeColorData                Front face red             1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f,             0.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,             1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f       final float[] cubeTextureCoordinateData                Front face             0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f,             1.0f, 0.0f        Initialize the buffers.     mCubePositions  ByteBuffer.allocateDirectcubePositionData.length  mBytesPerFloat             .orderByteOrder.nativeOrder.asFloatBuffer     mCubePositions.putcubePositionData.position0      mCubeColors  ByteBuffer.allocateDirectcubeColorData.length  mBytesPerFloat             .orderByteOrder.nativeOrder.asFloatBuffer     mCubeColors.putcubeColorData.position0      mCubeTextureCoordinates  ByteBuffer.allocateDirectcubeTextureCoordinateData.length  mBytesPerFloat             .orderByteOrder.nativeOrder.asFloatBuffer     mCubeTextureCoordinates.putcubeTextureCoordinateData.position0   protected String getVertexShader      return RawResourceReader.readTextFileFromRawResourcemActivityContext,R.raw.vertexshader   protected String getFragmentShader      int id     switch shaderselection      case AMARO         id  R.raw.amarofiltershader         break     case EARLYBIRD         id  R.raw.earlybirdfiltershader         break     case HEFE         id  R.raw.hefefiltershader         break     case HUDSON         id  R.raw.hudsonfiltershader         break     case MAYFAIR         id  R.raw.mayfairfiltershader         break     case RISE         id  R.raw.risefiltershader         break     case TOASTER         id  R.raw.toasterfiltershader         break     case WILLOW         id  R.raw.willowfiltershader         break     case XPRO         id  R.raw.xprofiltershader         break      default         id  R.raw.fragmentshader         break           return RawResourceReader.readTextFileFromRawResourcemActivityContext,id    Override public void onSurfaceCreatedGL10 glUnused, EGLConfig config       Set the background clear color to black.     GLES20.glClearColor0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f      Use culling to remove back faces.     GLES20.glEnableGLES20.GLCULLFACE       Enable depth testing     GLES20.glEnableGLES20.GLDEPTHTEST      final float eyeX  0.0f     final float eyeY  0.0f     final float eyeZ  0.5f       We are looking toward the distance     final float lookX  0.0f     final float lookY  0.0f     final float lookZ  5.0f       Set our up vector. This is where our head would be pointing were we      holding the camera.     final float upX  0.0f     final float upY  1.0f     final float upZ  0.0f      Matrix.setLookAtMmViewMatrix, 0, eyeX, eyeY, eyeZ, lookX, lookY,lookZ, upX, upY, upZ        Load the texture     mTextureDataHandle0  TextureHelper.loadTexturemBitmap       Load the texture     mTextureDataHandle1  TextureHelper.loadTexturemActivityContext,R.drawable.filter2       Load the texture     mTextureDataHandle2  TextureHelper.loadTexturemActivityContext,R.drawable.hefe       Load the texture     mTextureDataHandle3  TextureHelper.loadTexturemActivityContext,R.drawable.hudson       Load the texture     mTextureDataHandle4  TextureHelper.loadTexturemActivityContext,R.drawable.toaster    Override public void onSurfaceChangedGL10 glUnused, int width, int height      GLES20.glViewport0, 0, width, height      final float ratio  float width  height     final float left  ratio     final float right  ratio     final float bottom  1.0f     final float top  1.0f     final float near  1.0f     final float far  10.0f      widthsurface   width      heightsurface  height               Matrix.frustumMmProjectionMatrix, 0, left, right, bottom, top, near,far   Override public void onDrawFrameGL10 glUnused      GLES20.glClearGLES20.GLCOLORBUFFERBIT  GLES20.GLDEPTHBUFFERBIT     final String vertexShader  getVertexShader     final String fragmentShader  getFragmentShader     final int vertexShaderHandle  ShaderHelper.compileShaderGLES20.GLVERTEXSHADER, vertexShader     final int fragmentShaderHandle  ShaderHelper.compileShaderGLES20.GLFRAGMENTSHADER, fragmentShader      mProgramHandle  ShaderHelper.createAndLinkProgramvertexShaderHandle,             fragmentShaderHandle, new String[]  aPosition,aTexCoordinate        Set our pervertex lighting program.     GLES20.glUseProgrammProgramHandle       Set program handles for cube drawing.     mMVPMatrixHandle  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationmProgramHandle,uMVPMatrix     mTextureUniformHandle0  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationmProgramHandle,uTexture0     mTextureUniformHandle1  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationmProgramHandle,uTexture1     mTextureUniformHandle2  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationmProgramHandle,uTexture2     mTextureUniformHandle3  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationmProgramHandle,uTexture3     mTextureUniformHandle4  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationmProgramHandle,uTexture4     mPositionHandle  GLES20.glGetAttribLocationmProgramHandle,aPosition     mTextureCoordinateHandle  GLES20.glGetAttribLocationmProgramHandle,aTexCoordinate             First texture map            Set the active texture0 unit to texture unit 0.     GLES20.glActiveTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE0       Bind the texture to this unit.     GLES20.glBindTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, mTextureDataHandle0       Tell the texture uniform sampler to use this texture in the shader by      binding to texture unit 0.     GLES20.glUniform1imTextureUniformHandle0, 0             Second texture map filter            Set the active texture1 unit to texture unit 1.     GLES20.glActiveTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE1       Bind the texture to this unit.     GLES20.glBindTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, mTextureDataHandle1       Tell the texture uniform sampler to use this texture in the shader by      binding to texture unit 1.     GLES20.glUniform1imTextureUniformHandle1, 1             Third texture map filter hefe            Set the active texture1 unit to texture unit 1.     GLES20.glActiveTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE2       Bind the texture to this unit.     GLES20.glBindTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, mTextureDataHandle2       Tell the texture uniform sampler to use this texture in the shader by      binding to texture unit 1.     GLES20.glUniform1imTextureUniformHandle2, 2             Fouth texture map filter hudson            Set the active texture1 unit to texture unit 1.     GLES20.glActiveTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE3       Bind the texture to this unit.     GLES20.glBindTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, mTextureDataHandle3       Tell the texture uniform sampler to use this texture in the shader by      binding to texture unit 1.     GLES20.glUniform1imTextureUniformHandle3, 3             Fifth texture map filter toaster            Set the active texture1 unit to texture unit 1.     GLES20.glActiveTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE4       Bind the texture to this unit.     GLES20.glBindTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, mTextureDataHandle4       Tell the texture uniform sampler to use this texture in the shader by      binding to texture unit 1.     GLES20.glUniform1imTextureUniformHandle4, 4       Draw some cubes.     Matrix.setIdentityMmModelMatrix, 0     Matrix.translateMmModelMatrix, 0, 0.0f, 0.0f, 3.2f     Matrix.rotateMmModelMatrix, 0, 0.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f     drawCube      createBitmap      Draws a cube.   private void drawCube       Pass in the position information     mCubePositions.position0     GLES20.glVertexAttribPointermPositionHandle, mPositionDataSize,             GLES20.GLFLOAT, false, 0, mCubePositions      GLES20.glEnableVertexAttribArraymPositionHandle       Pass in the texture coordinate information     mCubeTextureCoordinates.position0     GLES20.glVertexAttribPointermTextureCoordinateHandle,             mTextureCoordinateDataSize, GLES20.GLFLOAT, false, 0,             mCubeTextureCoordinates      GLES20.glEnableVertexAttribArraymTextureCoordinateHandle      Matrix.multiplyMMmMVPMatrix, 0, mViewMatrix, 0, mModelMatrix, 0      Matrix.multiplyMMmMVPMatrix, 0, mProjectionMatrix, 0, mMVPMatrix, 0       Pass in the combined matrix.     GLES20.glUniformMatrix4fvmMVPMatrixHandle, 1, false, mMVPMatrix, 0       Draw the cube.     GLES20.glDrawArraysGLES20.GLTRIANGLES, 0, 6   public void createBitmap     try           if printOptionEnable              printOptionEnable  false              int w  widthsurface              int h  heightsurface                 int b[]new int[int wh]             int bt[]new int[int wh]             IntBuffer bufferIntBuffer.wrapb             buffer.position0             GLES20.glReadPixels0,0,w,h,GLES20.GLRGBA,GLES20.GLUNSIGNEDBYTE, buffer             forint i0 ilth i                 remember, that OpenGL bitmap is incompatible with Android bitmap                 and so, some correction need.                         forint j0 jltw j                     int pixb[iwj]                     int pbpixgtgt16amp0xff                     int prpixltlt16amp0x00ff0000                     int pix1pixamp0xff00ff00  pr  pb                     bt[hi1wj]pix1                                                      Bitmap inBitmap  null              if inBitmap  null  inBitmap.isMutable                      inBitmap.getWidth  w  inBitmap.getHeight  h                  inBitmap  Bitmap.createBitmapw, h, Bitmap.Config.ARGB8888                          Bitmap.createBitmapw, h, Bitmap.Config.ARGB8888             inBitmap.copyPixelsFromBufferbuffer             return inBitmap               return Bitmap.createBitmapbt, w, h, Bitmap.Config.ARGB8888             inBitmap  Bitmap.createBitmapbt, w, h, Bitmap.Config.ARGB8888              ByteArrayOutputStream bos  new ByteArrayOutputStream              inBitmap.compressCompressFormat.JPEG, 90, bos              byte[] bitmapdata  bos.toByteArray             ByteArrayInputStream fis  new ByteArrayInputStreambitmapdata              final Calendar cCalendar.getInstance             long mytimestampc.getTimeInMillis             String timeStampString.valueOfmytimestamp             String myfilevijaytimeStamp.jpeg              File dirimagenew FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectory.toString             dirimage.mkdirs              try                  File tmpFile  new Filedirimage,myfile                  FileOutputStream fos  new FileOutputStreamtmpFile                  byte[] buf  new byte[1024]                 int len                 while len  fis.readbuf gt 0                      fos.writebuf, 0, len                                  fis.close                 fos.close              catch FileNotFoundException e                  e.printStackTrace              catch IOException e                  e.printStackTrace                           catchException e          e.printStackTrace        codepre  pp
Negative 10594 pI guess the topic explains the need pretty much. But I will try to explain a little more...p  pFirst of all I want to mention that I installed globalize js library with nuget. So in the decimal field, people can add numbers with . and , depending on their locale settings in the browser. That was the first catch I managed to solve.p  pThe second problem is, showing the error messages according to the locale setting. I used resource files to make that happen, and that worked fine until I realized that some messages are not using the strings in the resource files. For example, when I write a letter instead of a number I am talking about that decimal field, the error message isp  precodeThe field Price must be a number.  codepre  pI couldnt figure out how to change that until I saw some questions similar to mine. Some solved that problem with regular expressions. I could do that, but you see, I set up globalization all right for other things and now I have to decide if the user is gonna put , or . in the decimal field. I simply dont want to go that way.p  pHere is the code I used to create that field in the modal classp  precode[RequiredErrorMessageResourceType  typeofResources.Validation, ErrorMessageResourceName  Required] [DisplayName  Fiyat] [DataTypeDataType.Currency, ErrorMessage  Fiyat geerli deil.]  I know that doesnt work, but couldnt really figure out why there is an error message for datatype at all. [Range0, 100, ErrorMessageResourceType  typeofResources.Validation, ErrorMessageResourceName  Range] public decimal Price  get set  codepre  pCan you please give me some ideas how to show the correct message correct language using the resource files when a user enters letters, or just use , or . when their locale doesnt let themp
Negative 10594 pI am developing one iPad application using rest kit After successfully  login the web service returns some cookies . p  p[[NSHTTPCookieStorage sharedHTTPCookieStorage] cookies] returns an array of cookies. I need to save this array of cookies and reuse after the application restart without call the web service.I tried KeyChain for save the cookies but that time application crashed.p  precodeKeychainItemWrapper keychainItem  [[KeychainItemWrapper alloc] initWithIdentifierYourAppLogin accessGroupnil] NSMutableArray myArray[[NSMutableArray alloc]init] NSData encodedData [NSKeyedArchiver archivedDataWithRootObjectmyArray] NSString encodedString[[NSString alloc]initWithDataencodedData encodingNSUTF8StringEncoding] [keychainItem setObjectencodedString forKeybridge idkSecValueData] NSString decodedString[keychainItem objectForKeybridge idkSecValueData] NSData decodedData [decodedString dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding] NSMutableArray decodedArray [NSKeyedUnarchiver unarchiveObjectWithDatadecodedData] codepre  pI follow above code to store cookies in keychain But the encoding String reruns Null values.p  pThen I tried userdefault method that time also my crashed shows the error. Attempt to set a nonpropertylist object as an NSUserDefaults value for key p  pSomeone help to save the cookies in properly and reuse with rest kit after application restartp
Negative 10594 pim trying to do basic validation of the form fields in angular. It works properly when i inline the input fields with the form, however when Im trying to use directives for inserting the input form field, the validation does not work as expected.p  phere is the JSbin showing the problem. I would appreciate some help thanksp  pa hrefhttpjsbin.comsufotecenovi2edit relnofollowhttpjsbin.comsufotecenovi2editap
Negative 10594 pI am running into an issue where I am trying to apply a custom shader material to a series of  nested objects to simulate a glow effect around each node.  The effect works well on my home laptop windows 8.1 latest chrome, but my work computer does not render the frontface of the glowing object, only the backface.  I have checked it against a few systems and it seems to be mostly a chrome rendering issue on windows devices. a hrefhttpi.imgur.comuYLtoxm.gif relnofollowhttpi.imgur.comuYLtoxm.gifap  pI have included a codepen example where I shifted the glow off to the side and you can see that in some versions it is not rendering the front group of normals. The red dots should have a glow applied to each of them that shows up on the front and backleft and right in example. Any help would be appreciated, I am stumped as to what is going on.p  precodeHere is the shader material settings local.glowNodeMat  new THREE.ShaderMaterial                       uniforms                                c    type f, value 0 ,                 p    type f, value 5.5 ,                 glowColor  type c, value new THREE.Color0xaaccff ,                 viewVector  type v3, value local.camera.position              ,             vertexShader   document.getElementById vertexShader   .textContent,             fragmentShader document.getElementById fragmentShader .textContent,             side THREE.FrontSide,             blending THREE.AdditiveBlending,             transparent true           codepre  pa hrefhttpcodepen.iosniejadlikpenoDarE relnofollowhttpcodepen.iosniejadlikpenoDarEap  p FIXED thanks to Volune.  Thanks for the helpp  pFixed Vertex shaderp  precodeltscript idvertexShader typexshaderxvertexgt     uniform vec3 viewVector     uniform float c     uniform float p     varying float intensity     void main               vec3 vNormal  normalize normalMatrix  normal          vec3 vNormel  normalize normalMatrix  viewVector           incorrect intensity  pow c  dotvNormal, vNormel, p          intensity  pow absc  dotvNormal, vNormel , p           glPosition  projectionMatrix  modelViewMatrix  vec4 position, 1.0           ltscriptgt      lt fragment shader a.k.a. pixel shader gt     ltscript idfragmentShader typexshaderxvertexgt      uniform vec3 glowColor     varying float intensity     void main               vec3 glow  glowColor  intensity         glFragColor  vec4 glow, 1.0       ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a range of cells. I want to format any of the cells in the range that contain a certain text string. p  pThe problem is, the text string is constructed in 2 parts. The first part is a reference to another cell which can contain different text strings the cell is actually referencing another cell, which is a drop down list with several choices. The second part is an actual defined text string.p  pIn my example, cell codeG2code contains the string codeREFERENCED CELL ampcode.p  pIn the range codeB2B11code, my formula isp  precodeIFANDE2gt1,E2lt10,G2amp TEXT STRING 1,IFANDE2gt11,E2lt20,G2amp TEXT STRING 2, codepre  pSop  ul lipIf cell codeE2code contains a value that is between 1 and 10, then the cells in the range will contain the text string in cell codeG2code followed by the text string code TEXT STRING 1code.pli lipIf cell codeE2code contains a value that is between 11 and 20, then the cells in the range will contain the text string in cell codeG2code followed by the text string code TEXT STRING 2code.pli ul  pI want to format this range differently for each of these outcomes.p  ul liIf the resulting string is codeREFERENCED CELL amp TEXT STRING 1code then the cell will be red.li liIf the resulting string is codeREFERENCED CELL amp TEXT STRING 2code then the cell will be green.li ul  pHow can I perform conditional formatting on a cell when its value is created in this wayp
Negative 10594 pHow would I delete all corresponding dictionaries in a list of dictionaries based on one of the dictionaries having a character in it.p  precodedata  [         x  a, y  1 ,         x  a, y  11 ,         x  a, y  2 ,         x  b, y  1 ,         x  b, y  1 ,         x  b, y  1 ,     ] codepre  pFor example, how would I delete all of the codex  acode due to one of the codeycode in the codexacode having a codecode in it  Based on the example data above, here is where I would like to get top  precodecleaneddata  [         x  b, y  1 ,         x  b, y  1 ,         x  b, y  1 ,     ] codepre  pI have a CSV with a dump of many network devices imported via DictReader. Unfortunately each device name is repeated in x. The modules are in y. Im inevitably trying to reconstruct the devices by grouping them and listing all the modules for each device. Within the CSV data there is devices I dont care about. These can be identified by certain characteristics in y. Therefore my thought is to identify and clean them out of the data up front. Id be open to a more optimal method of cleaning the data.p
Negative 10594 pI needp  precode  varsprompt      name loopvar       prompt Enter the loop variable       private False       default 16  hosts epcs   serial1     gatherfacts no   tasks       name Do some mathematics divide multiply       insert logic here       register mycontent   save logic in register       withsequence countloopvar  I need a loop sequence here       when inventoryhostname  vm1       ignoreerrors yes codepre  pA simple loop in c would be sth likep  precodeint x0 for int i1 iltloopvar ipow2,x pow is a math function with pow2,x 2x                                                                      coutltlthi     x  codepre  pOne more thing, how can I store the results of each iteration in a register, so that I have it available,  when the playbook runs serially the 2nd, 3rd or 4th time etc. p  pUpdate Jinja2 allows the following Raise the left operand to the power of the right operand.p  precode  23  would return 8. codepre  pNow keeping this new information in mind, can we do a power of 2 loopp
Negative 10594 precodedeclare x xml  ltXMLgt ltUNSTRING STATEMENTNUMBER48515gt           ltSTRINGgtCRD001MOPTIONIltSTRINGgt           ltDELIMITERSgt             ltDELIMITERgtaaaltDELIMITERgt           ltDELIMITERSgt           ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK1 WSMENUSTACK2 WSMENUSTACK3 WSMENUSTACK4 WSMENUSTACK5 WSMENUSTACK6 WSMENUSTACK7 WSMENUSTACK8 WSMENUSTACK9 WSMENUSTACK10 TALLYING IN WSMENUSTACKTALLYltSUBSTRINGSgt           ltDELIMITERSFOUNDgt             ltDELIMITERgt             ltDELIMITERgt           ltDELIMITERSFOUNDgt           ltINDICESgt             ltINDEXgt             ltINDEXgt           ltINDICESgt           ltPOINTERgt           ltPOINTERgt           ltTALLYINGgt           ltTALLYINGgt           ltONOVERFLOWgt           ltONOVERFLOWgt         ltUNSTRINGgtltXMLgt codepre  pIn above XML  tag have value which are septate by space I am trying to make below string as below p  precodedeclare x xml  ltXMLgt ltUNSTRING STATEMENTNUMBER48515gt           ltSTRINGgtCRD001MOPTIONIltSTRINGgt           ltDELIMITERSgt             ltDELIMITERgtaaaltDELIMITERgt           ltDELIMITERSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK1ltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK2ltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK3ltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK4ltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK5ltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK6ltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK7ltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK8ltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK9ltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACK10ltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtTALLYINGltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtINltSUBSTRINGSgt             ltSUBSTRINGSgtWSMENUSTACKTALLYltSUBSTRINGSgt           ltDELIMITERSFOUNDgt             ltDELIMITERgt             ltDELIMITERgt           ltDELIMITERSFOUNDgt           ltINDICESgt             ltINDEXgt             ltINDEXgt           ltINDICESgt           ltPOINTERgt           ltPOINTERgt           ltTALLYINGgt           ltTALLYINGgt           ltONOVERFLOWgt           ltONOVERFLOWgt         ltUNSTRINGgtltXMLgt codepre  hr  pPlease help here how can I solve is issue by replace or any other thing I have used replace function but not able to find values here codeltsubstringsgtcode tag values are septate by space, So find each value have between codeltsubstringsgt value ltsubstringsgtcodep
Negative 10594 pIn my app I have Posts which have comments. Now I also want to add comments to those comments nested commenting.p  pI currently do it like this, but it does not write my parentid to the databasep  pMy comment link in my comment.html.erb partialp  precodelt linkto Comment, newpostcommentpathcomment.post, parentid comment.id gt codepre  pMy commentsnew.html.erbp  precodelt formfor [post, Comment.new] do f gt     lt f.hiddenfield parentid gt     lt f.textarea body gt     lt f.submit gt lt end gt codepre  pMy commentscontroller.rbp  precode  def new     postPost.findparams[postid]     comment  Comment.newparentid params[parentid]   end    def create     post  Post.findparams[postid]     commentpost.comments.buildcommentparams     comment.usercurrentuser     if comment.save         redirectto back   end     private    def commentparams     params.requirecomment.permitbody, parentid   end codepre  pQuery that gets executedp  precodeINSERT INTO comments body, createdat, postid, updatedat, userid VALUES 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 RETURNING id codepre
Negative 10594 pI have an image of a font I would like to draw on an HTML5 Canvas. At first I though about separating each letter into a different image but decided having a sprite sheet would be much cleaner. A problem with that though, is that not all the letters are the same size. Some are a few pixels wider than other characters.p  pWhile looking on Google, I came across one way that some people handled the problem. They added a line under each character to represent that characters length and then draw the bottom most line of the font image into an off screen canvas and analyze it pixel by pixel. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comw0cXh.png altFont Examplep  pI tried to implement my own version of that idea, but was unable to get that far. Before I invest more time on that idea, I would like to know if its a good solution or if there is any better ways of achieving the same thing.p  pSo far I have a few small snippets im trying to put together, like this codep  precode    getImagePixels function image, x, y, width, height                var canvas  document.createElementcanvas         canvas.width  image.width         canvas.height  image.height         var ctx  canvas.getContext2d           ctx.drawImage image, 0, 0, image.width, image.height           return ctx.getImageData x, y, width, height       codepre  pand thisp  precode    loadFontImage function image                 Draw the bottommost line of this font image into an offscreen canvas          and analyze it pixel by pixel.          A run of nontransparent pixels represents a character and its width          this.height  image.height1         this.widthMap  []         this.indices  []          var px  getImagePixels image, 0, image.height1, image.width, 1           var currentChar  0         var currentWidth  0          for var x  0 x lt image.width x                        var index  x  4  3  alpha component of this pixel             if px.data[index] gt 127                                currentWidth                          else if px.data[index] lt 128 ampamp currentWidth                                this.widthMap.push currentWidth                  this.indices.push xcurrentWidth                  currentChar                 currentWidth  0                            codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to learn ADO.NET and i figured out something like ExpandoObject which is really useful.p  precode        connection.Open          SqlCommand command  new SqlCommandSelect  from Products [p], connection          SqlDataReader reader  command.ExecuteReader          DataTable datatable  new DataTable          datatable.Loadreader          dynamic products  new Listltdynamicgt          for int i  0 i lt datatable.Rows.Count i                       products.Addnew ExpandoObject              for int v  0 v lt datatable.Columns.Count v                              string columnName  datatable.Columns[v].ColumnName                 object value  datatable.Rows[i].ItemArray[v]                  products[i].columnName  value                                 reader.Close          connection.Close          listBox1.Items.Addproducts[1].ProductName codepre  pIm using Northwind database by the way. columnName and value part is working flawlessly. Error part is products[i].columnName  value. I want something like products[1].ProductID  1 at there. How can i do that. Thanks.p
Negative 10594 pAs far as I know there is no direct way to add an shape to an existing group. So my aim is a 11 copy of a freeform via code  I want to duplicate a freeform in the group, and then copy the nodes of the template shape to that freeform. But how can I get values X2Y2 and X3Y3 for the ShapeNodes.Insertmethod Or any other hintsp  pMany thanks and greetingsbr ANTLRStarterp
Negative 10594 pIs it possible to make a clickable link with pure css, specifically with pseudo elements Maybe something like thisp  precodebodybefore   content urlimagesmakeALinkOutOfMe.png   link imYourLink  codepre  pOrp  precodebodybefore   content make a link out of me   link imYourLink  codepre  pI know it is not possible to write codeHTMLcode in the codecontentcode declaration. But is there some way to get around thisp  pI want to use pure css if the user decides to turn off JavaScript.p
Negative 10594 pIm new in BB Development and I want to test my application on Z3 Device ... p  ol liI installed WebWorks 2.1li liThen request the bbidtoken.csk file, and I created author.p12 using WebWorks UI.li liI enabled Developer Mode on Device.li liAlso I generated debug token debugtoken.bar using Command line tool.li liI deployed debugtoken.bar on my Z3 device.li liAll files author.p12, barsigner.db, bbidtoken.csk, debugtoken.bar in this path CUsersuser1AppDataLocalResearch In Motionli liI created Project using WebWorks UI and by default its located in   CUsersuser1WebWorks ProjectsProject1li lipI tried to Build my Project1 app from WebWorks UI, but this error comes to mep  p[INFO]    Populating application source [INFO]    Parsing config.xml [INFO]    Generating output files [INFO]    strongError Debug token does not exist or not a filestrong [INFO]    strongError Debug token does not exist or not a filestrong [ERROR]   strongNative Packager exception occurredstrong [ERROR]   strongNative Packager exception occurredstrongp  pAn error has occurredpli ol  pWhat did I forget to dop
Negative 10594 pMy project which is using a C based library was working fine on Xcode 5.0. After updating Xcode from 5.0 to Xcode 5.1 I got Clang error. I have tried all solutions which is discussed on different forms like following. p  precodehttpcloudspace.comblog2014032320140323cantinstallgemsafterupgradingtoxcode5.1heresthesolution.VAhyZ2SSxTI httpslangui.sh20140310wunusedcommandlineargumentharderrorinfutureisaharshmistress codepre  pBut My problem is not resolved can any one help me. How to fix these issues.p  pMainlly I am getting following error.p  precodeclang error unknown argument fnochecknew [Wunusedcommandlineargumentharderrorinfuture] clang note this will be a hard error cannot be downgraded to a warning in the future clang error unknown argument fnoreorderblocks [Wunusedcommandlineargumentharderrorinfuture] clang note this will be a hard error cannot be downgraded to a warning in the future Command ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinclang failed with exit code 1 codepre
Negative 10594 pIm working with Codename one Android developer and I would like to know how can I detect if the phone has wifi activated or not. In this way, I can decide store data locally, and transmit it only when WIFI is active. Otherwise, if I want to send pictures, without WIFI, could be very expensive.p  pAs a related question, do I have to setup some kind of cron or similar in my code in order to ask to my device if the WIFI has been turned onp  pThank you very much for your help.p  pKindly regards, Gustavop
Negative 10594 pHow do you get a bootstrap navbar ul to be centered, but ignore the space occupied by another ul, so that the center is truly centered, and not shiftedp  pI have two unordered lists in my bootstrap navbar. I want one of them clause to be centered, and the other socialicons to be on the right.p  pBut what happens is the centered one is slightly to the left of absolute center because the one on the right takes up some of the space. p  pThus the centering is calculated based on the remaining space, rather than the entire widthp  pHere is my code so far Currently, I have the rightaligned list within the other list. They should be two separate lists. But when I separate them, I run into the problem of each of them wanting their own rows.p  pI am using bootstrap 3p  pstrongcssstrongp  precodenavbar    clause      textalign center      li        fontsize 1.6em       float none       display inlineblock       display inline       zoom1       verticalalign top            socialicons        codepre  pstrongnavbar HTMLstrongp  precodeltnav classnavbar navbardefault navbarfixedtop idnavbargt   ltdiv classcontainerfluidgt     ltdiv classrowgt       ltdiv classcolxs12gt         ltul classnav navtabs idclausegt           ltligtltligt           ltligtltligt           ltligtltligt           ltul classnav navbarright idsocialiconsgt             ltligtltligt             ltligtltligt           ltulgt         ltulgt       ltdivgt     ltdivgt   ltdivgt ltnavgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a removeFunction that splice my original model from firebase, but unfortunately that does not sync with firebase and I am not sure how to do that.p  precodelta hrefproduct.title ngclickremoveNodeproduct,brandBlock.productsgtRemoveltagt  scope.removeNodefunctionitem,parent             parent.spliceparent.indexOfitem, 1                Add a function here that will do something simillar with              ngblurmyCards.savecard from the product title             codepre  pI want to be able to save the modified array back to firebase as this function does that is in the viewp  precodeltinput typetext ngmodelproduct.title ngblurmyCards.savecardgt codepre  pI know that I can nest two functions in the angular blur directive like sop  precodelta ngclickremoveNodeproduct,brandBlock.products myCards.savecardgtRemoveltagt codepre  pbut the problem is that I want to do this with some other events too that are fired only in the scope and I dont have a directive for that.p  pstrongHere is a fiddle connected to firebasestrong a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netadyzobfrraw9 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netadyzobfrraw9ap  pIf you manage to add the removeFunction to sync and you run out of blocks, here you can add a new firebase node that you can replace in the appRef variablep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netadyzy0Lmc7or relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netadyzy0Lmc7orap
Negative 10594 pHello Im trying to make a class that can handle the form closing event for my winFormp  pI have figured out how to work the event handlers, like this for a ContextMenuStrip items click eventp  precodemnuItemShow.Click  new EventHandlermnuItemShowClick private void mnuItemShowClickobject sender, EventArgs e            codepre  pBut I cant figure out how to bind the Form Closing event..p  pI have tried it like thisp  precodethis.form.FormClosing  new EventHandlerclosing private override void closingEventArgs e            codepre  pBut I get this error message p  blockquote   pNo overload for closing matches delegate System.EventHandlerp blockquote
Negative 10594 pI have a codevoidcode pointer and I would like to get the content of what the pointer refers to.p  precodevoid class  methodvoid  pointer       coutltltpointer  The address which the pointer refers to.      coutltlt The content of where the pointer refers to.    codepre  pThe original type of codepointercode is unknown.p  pEDIT The goal is to allow create a generic method which gets any type of argument, and do the same actions for each. The limitation is that the method is virtual and therefore I cannot use template method.p
Negative 10594 pI want to build a multiplayer, turnbased web appgame with Rails. There will be a room where a limited amount of users can join and take turns. Users can enter the room without invitation if its public, or with invitations if its private. Users can view a room without participating, as well. Also, players can change at any time during the game, so the game would adjust accordingly. The room should be open as long the creator allows it to be, since the game has no set duration. Im fairly new at Rails and would like to know if its possible to make a game like this.p  pI have some controllers and models set up already, but dont want to continue if its not possible or recommended to use Rails.p  h2Some additional info.h2  pAs per usual, the following steps will repeat themselves.p  ul liPlayer makes moveli liMove is registered and saved to the dbli liThe screen is updated with the players move.li liTurn goes to next available player.li ul  pThe info saved to the db will be small few KBs and shouldnt take too long to show up in the screen. During a turn, only one person can do anything. The rest are just viewing the screen, itll be one update at a time per room.p  pIf the player whose turn it is does not respond for x seconds, either the player is made a guest, or hisher turn is skipped until the next round to be determined yet.p  pI did some research and found out that Google Play Games offers a turnbased multiplayer service thats supported through the REST API. Im not entirely sure that it would work, but I would appreciate suggestions to other services that may be suitable for implementing turnbase multiplayer functionality.p
Negative 10594 pIve taken a look at the responses in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions244777canicommentajsonfileCan I comment a JSON filea about commenting json files, and the general consensus is eitherp  ul lidontli liuse data as commentsli liwrite comment and minify themli ul  pId like to do the third approach if possible, but it seems that googling for a json minifier other than the standard javascript one is a worthless approach to the problem.p  pIs there any json minifier library for c I emstronglyem prefer not to write one myself.p  pThanks,p
Negative 10594 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGx5ag.png altenter image description hereIm designing a C console application that converts Bitmap into Vector Art SVG by looping through pixels, then get the pixel color in order to draw and fill the corresponding vector art component with this color .p  pThe issue Im facing is , when i loop through pixels to get their colors using this code p  precodeBitmap img  BitmapImage.FromFileimagePath for int x  0 x lt img.Width x     for int y  0 y lt img.Height y           currentFill  img.GetPixelx, y.Name        codepre  pat some x and y i get a black color afafaf that does not actually exist in the image or cant be seen with naked eye  this issue did not happen with jpg or tiff formats for instance..any ideas p
Negative 10594 pI work with a solution that has a lot of projects in it. I created a new build configuration to speed up working with it.p  pTo speed up compiling, I set most of the projects not to build in my new build configuration. To speed up debugging, I set most of the projects to build for release in my new build configuration.p  pThis is great, until I have to check in a change to the project file, or get the latest from someone elses changes to the project file. It is painful to merge the changes, or shelve and unshelve them constantly.p  pIs it possible to store my build configuration in a separate file Ideas for workarounds welcome.p
Negative 10594 pI have a few questionsp  ol liWhere is the crash report tab now in the redesigned a hrefhttpitunesconnect.apple.com relnofollowitunesconnect.apple.coma Previously it used to be below Additional Informationli liDoes the crash report crash report in iTunes contain a UDID I am asking because Im wondering how I can identify which UDID a particular crash happened forli ol  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pI need to make big DIV structures and append them to a wrapper. But what Ive seen so far was always about appending strongonestrong DIV element into another one.p  pThere is an empty DIVWrapper, to be filled with big DIVElementsp  precodeltdiv classPostWrappergt      Content should be added to here ltdivgt codepre  pThe DIVElements which I want to append to the codePostWrappercode look like thisp  precodeltdiv classPostgt     ltdiv classPostHeadgt          ltspan classprofilePicturegt              ltimg src..ProfilesTom.jpg gt          ltspangt          ltspan classuserNamegtTomltspangt          ltspan classpostTimegt10 minutes agoltspangt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classPostBodygt         ltpgtHey Tom, great work at the presentation last week. Well doneltpgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pSo this is an example of a DIVStructure which Id like to build and store in a javascript Variable and append to my wrapper likep  precodevar postElement  div, class Post.appenddiv, class PostHead.appenddiv, class PostBody...... codepre  pThis wont work like expected ofc. But I cant think of a simple way of doing this without having overly complexe code.p  pHow would that be possiblep
Negative 10594 pI wonder whether the below tricky situation is possiblep  pSuppose I have a template class codetemplate lttypename DTYPEgt class Acode, where codeDTYPEcode is supposed to be one of codeuint8tcode, codeuint16tcode, etc. I want to add a friend class to codeAcode, but this friend class differs for each codeDTYPEcode alternative. Further, suppose the friend classes for different codeDTYPEcode values are strongnotstrong instantiations of another template class, but independent classes. p  pIs there a way to do itp
Negative 10594 pThe following class defines a template for printing a order invoice to company 1. p  pSimilarly, there are separate classes that define the template for printing order invoices to respective companies.p  pI have read questions asked on SO a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2787035codingguidelinesbestpracticesherea, a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4238028csharpcodingguidelinesherea, a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryff926074.aspx relnofollowherea and a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comeninlibrary4xhs456428vvs.7129.aspx relnofollowherea where they emphasis this pointp  pstrongcodeUse a noun or noun phrase to name a classcodestrongp  pBut, for eg.p  pcodePrintTemplateClient1code which is a verb for naming a class seems to be fine for me rather than using a noun here.p  pAny ideas how to name this p  pDo kindly let me know if this question does not belong here so i can move to relevant forum.p
Negative 10594 pI have much differences 20 between real speed and the GPS speed. But first let me show my Codep  precodeprivate LocationManager locationMgr private String locationProvider codepre  p...p  precode Location Manager for GPS this.locationMgr  LocationManager getActivity.getSystemServiceContext.LOCATIONSERVICE Criteria criteria  new Criteria this.locationProvider  locationMgr.getBestProvidercriteria, false this.locationMgr.requestLocationUpdatesthis.locationProvider, 0, 1.0f, this codepre  pIn the location listenerp  precodeOverride public void onLocationChangedLocation location       Get speed from location     this.speed  location.getSpeed       Set speed TextView     this.gpsVelo.setTextHelper.doubleToStringParserthis.speed, Constants.KMPH, null  codepre  pAs result I get a speed which is different from the speed which is shown by my car. I know the speedometer is 35 in a car, but Ive got 20 and more. So Ive tested with an other GPSApp and it shows me a correct Value. What did I do wrongp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to control form submitting after validating user input  the user must select at least one radio otherwise the form wouldnt submitp  pthe first part is working very fine, if the user havent select any radio input I call p  precodeform.submitfunction   return false  codepre  pelse if he selected something I will call p  precodeform.submit codepre  pbut it is not submittingp  precodefunction validateSelection          var temp  false         .langradio gt input[typeradio].eachfunction               if this.ischecked                  temp  this.ischecked                               if temp  1              form.submitfunction   return false              .highlight.effectshake                  else              form.submit               codepre  pI am calling the function validateSelection from OnClientClickvalidateSelection I am using asp.net webformsp
Negative 10594 pI have a question. Is there a way of getting result set from sql like has 15 rows in datatable section by sectionsuch as i want to show results 5s so if i have 15 rows in my datatable i must have 3 section. Why do i want to do with this way Because i have a groupbox and it has 5 richtextbox.when i divide the result set with for loop i must have three sections. i will put a next button in group box when i hit them the richtextboxes will be cleared and the second part of the result set6,7,8,9,10 will be appear in richtextboxes seperately. im waiting your solutions in cp
Negative 10594 pHow to upload or add an Image to UIImageView directly from iPhoneIpad Captured camera Image.  p  pI have uploaded an image to UIImageView from photo library. p  pNow, I want upload an image directly after taken an image through camera to ImageView.p  pPlease suggest me how to implement this.p  pusing IOS 8.0p
Negative 10594 pI have a bunch of sentences and I want to cluster them using scikitlearn spectral clustering. Ive run the code and get the results with no problem. But, every time I run it I get different results. I know this is the problem with initiation but I dont know how to fix it. This is my a part of my code that runs on sentencesp  precodevectorizer  TfidfVectorizernorml2,sublineartfTrue,tokenizertokenize,stopwordsenglish,charseterrorignore,ngramrange1, 5,mindf1 X  vectorizer.fittransformdata  connectivity matrix for structured Ward connectivity  kneighborsgraphX, nneighbors5  make connectivity symmetric connectivity  0.5  connectivity  connectivity.T distances  euclideandistancesX spectral  cluster.SpectralClusteringnclustersnumberofk,eigensolverarpack,affinitynearestneighbors,assignlabelsdiscretize spectral.fitX codepre  pData is a list of sentences. Everytime the code runs, my clustering results differs. How can I get consistent results using Spectral clustering. I also have the same problem with Kmean. This is my code for Kmeanp  precodevectorizer  TfidfVectorizersublineartfTrue,stopwordsenglish,charseterrorignore Xdata  vectorizer.fittransformdata km  KMeansnclustersnumberofk, initkmeans, maxiter100, ninit1,verbose0 km.fitXdata codepre  pI appreciate your helps. p
Negative 10594 pI am getting the following error when trying to deploy to openshift online small gearp  premote optrhruby193rootusrsharerubygemsrubygemscustomrequire.rb60in coderequire cannot load such file  open4 LoadError    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharerubygemsrubygemscustomrequire.rb60incoderescue in require    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharerubygemsrubygemscustomrequire.rb35in coderequire    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharegemsgemsopenshiftoriginnode1.30.5libopenshiftoriginnodeutilsshellexec.rb19incode    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharerubygemsrubygemscustomrequire.rb55in coderequire    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharerubygemsrubygemscustomrequire.rb55incoderequire    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharegemsgemsopenshiftoriginnode1.30.5libopenshiftoriginnodemodelfrontendproxy.rb18in codelttop requiredgt    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharerubygemsrubygemscustomrequire.rb55incoderequire    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharerubygemsrubygemscustomrequire.rb55in coderequire    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharegemsgemsopenshiftoriginnode1.30.5libopenshiftoriginnodemodelapplicationcontainer.rb18incode    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharerubygemsrubygemscustomrequire.rb60in coderequire    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharerubygemsrubygemscustomrequire.rb60incoderescue in require    remote  from optrhruby193rootusrsharerubygemsrubygemscustomrequire.rb35in coderequire    remote  from usrbingear21incode To ssh5410444f5973ca809a000005wikipinnopressurelabs.rhcloud.comgitwikipin.git   [remote rejected] openshift  master prereceive hook declinedp  pI have already tried to p  prhc env set BUNDLEWITHOUTdevelopment a wikipinp  pBut without success. Any other idea what I do not understand is why if my app is on ruby 2.0 I see ruby193 in the errors.. I also suspect it is linked with active record 4.0 something but havent been able to troubleshoot it.p  pGemfilep  precodesource httpmirror1.prod.rhcloud.commirrorruby source httpsrubygems.org gem rails, 4.1.4 gem railsapi gem open4    I have added this to see if the error could be resolved.. gem spring, group gt development gem pg gem rgeoactiverecord,     git gt httpsgithub.comnopressurelabsrgeoactiverecord,     branch gt master gem activerecordpostgisadapter   Serializer for JSON gem activemodelserializers codepre  prhc app show p  precode  Domain          nopressurelabs   Created         Sep 10  230 PM   Gears           1 defaults to small   Git URL         sshwikipinnopressurelabs.rhcloud.comgitwikipin.git   Initial Git URL gitgithub.comhiromipawwikipin.git   SSH             wikipinnopressurelabs.rhcloud.com   Deployment      auto on git push    ruby2.0 Ruby 2.0        Gears Located with jenkinsclient1, postgresql9.2    jenkinsclient1 Jenkins Client        Gears   Located with ruby2.0, postgresql9.2     Job URL httpsjenkinsnopressurelabs.rhcloud.comjobwikipinbuild    postgresql9.2 PostgreSQL 9.2        Gears          Located with ruby2.0, jenkinsclient1     Connection URL postgresqlOPENSHIFTPOSTGRESQLDBHOSTOPENSHIFTPOSTGRESQLDBPORT     Database Name  wikipin     Password            Username        codepre
Negative 10594 pHow do I export a security certificate from Chrome v37 on a Macp  pPreviously I could click on the little lock icon next to the URL, select Connection, select the certificate, and an Export button would appear.p  pNot so anymore Grr.. thx for your helpp
Negative 10594 pThe intent of my code is to have a set of nav locations which contain n lists.  I want to show the  in the navigation for users.  Here is an example Search 3 Qualified 2 Proposal 6p  pMy handlebar template from the navigation is as followsp  precodeltligtlinkto qualifieditems       Qualified controllers.qualifieditems.count     linkto ltligt codepre  pAnd my controller looks like thisp  precode App.QualifiedItemsController  Ember.ArrayController.extend      count function             return this.getmodel.length      .propertyeach  codepre  pWhen I click on the associated nav the emberdata loads and count displays properly.p  pGetting the data from the routerp  precodeApp.QualifiedItemsRoute  Ember.Route.extend     model function         return this.store.findqualifieditem        codepre  pThe controller for the navp  precodeApp.NavController  Ember.Route.extend    needs qualifieditems  codepre  pThe route for the navp  precodeApp.NavRoute  Ember.Route.extend     model function           return this.store.findqualifieditem       codepre  pSo the question remains...when the navigation first loads how can I get count to update for all nav itemsp  pThanks in advance for the help Please let me know if it would be helpful to post any other code.p
Negative 10594 pThere seems to be a some post related to my problem but none seems to help. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12943107howdoiadjusttheanchorpointofacalayerwhenautolayoutisbeingusedHow do I adjust the anchor point of a CALayer, when Auto Layout is being usedap  pI have a scaled preview of my app as a tutorial, which the standard view and viewcontroller scaled down and shown on another view. p  precode                           Preview                   View     codepre  pFor this I use this codep  precodepreviewViewController.view.transform  CGAffineTransformMakeScalescale2, scale2 codepre  pI also need this scaled view to align with the tutorial view controller. For this I created a placeholder view which I want my scaled view to match in size.p  pFor this I usep  precodevoidsetConstraintsForPreviewViewController      NSArray attributes  [NSLayoutAttributeLeftMargin, NSLayoutAttributeRightMargin, NSLayoutAttributeTopMargin, NSLayoutAttributeBottomMargin]     [attributes enumerateObjectsUsingBlockNSNumber obj, NSUInteger idx, BOOL stop          NSLayoutAttribute attribute  [obj integerValue]         [self.view addConstraint[NSLayoutConstraint constraintWithItemself.viewControllerPlaceholderView                                                               attributeattribute                                                               relatedByNSLayoutRelationEqual                                                                  toItempreviewViewController.view                                                               attributeattribute                                                              multiplier1                                                                constant0]]     ]  codepre  pThis worked good i iOS 7, but building with XCode 6 and iOS 8 this seems to break. It seems as it now first sets the constraints adjust to placeholder and then scales it down resulting in a too small preview.p  pCodep  precodevoidsetupPreviewViewController      float scale  [self scale]     previewViewController  [self.storyboard instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifier[PLACEHOLDERVIEWCONTROLLERNAMES objectAtIndexself.identifier]]      previewViewController.view.transform  CGAffineTransformMakeScalescale2, scale2      [self.view addSubviewpreviewViewController.view]     previewViewController.view.translatesAutoresizingMaskIntoConstraints  NO      [self addChildViewControllerpreviewViewController]      [self setConstraintsForPreviewViewController]      self.viewControllerPlaceholderToImageViewSpaceConstraint.constant  [self hasNavigationBar]  44  scale  2  22  scale  2      self.viewControllerPlaceholderToBottomSpaceConstraint.constant  ISWIDESCREEN  160  131      previewViewController.view.userInteractionEnabled  NO      [self.view setNeedsLayout]  codepre
Negative 10594 pI need to generate samples in C that follow the hypergeometric distribution. But, for my case I can approximate it with the binomial distribution without any problem.p  pThus Id like to use the std implementation in C11. If I generate many samples at calculate the probability I get different values from the one R tells me. What is more, the difference does not get any smaller when increase the number of samples increases. The parameters are the same for R and C.p  pThus the question Why do I not get the same results and what can I dowhich should I trustp  pSee below, the R and C code. The C program calculates the difference to the R values. Even if I let the program run for quite a while this numbers dont get smaller but just wiggle around the E5, E6, E7 magnitude.p  pRp  precodedbinom02, 2, 0.48645948945615974379 0.26372385596962805154 0.49963330914842424280 0.23664283488194759464 codepre  pCp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltiomanipgt include ltrandomgt  using namespace std  class Generator  public     Generator     virtual Generator     int binom private     stdrandomdevice randev     stdmt1993764 gen     stdbinomialdistributionltintgt dist  GeneratorGenerator  randev, genrandev, dist2,0.48645948945615974379   GeneratorGenerator  int Generatorbinom  return distgen   int main      Generator rd     const double nrolls  10000000  number of experiments     double p[3]     for int k1 klt100 k          for int i0 iltnrolls i              int number  rd.binom             p[number]                   cout ltlt Samples ltlt setw8 ltlt nrollsk ltlt                dP0ltltsetw13ltltp[0]nrollsk0.26372385596962805154ltlt                dP1ltltsetw13ltltp[1]nrollsk0.49963330914842424280ltlt                dP2ltltsetw13ltltp[2]nrollsk0.23664283488194759464ltltendl          coutltltend     return 0  codepre  pA selective outputp  precodeSamples   1e07   dP0  2.0056e05   dP1  9.49909e05   dP2 7.49349e05 Samples   1e08   dP0   1.5064e05   dP1  3.43609e05   dP2 4.94249e05 Samples 9.9e08   dP0 2.06449e05   dP1  5.93429e06   dP2  1.47106e05 codepre
Negative 10594 pWe have a complex set of build.gradle scripts.p  pIs it possible to run a task without dependency checking of any kindp  pe.g.p  precodegradle run codepre  pshould just start the jvm and nothing elsep  pThank you.p
Negative 10594 pI have implement the ShareActionProvider in my Android Application. This work fine, but i want to delete the icon of the last item that used, at the right of the button, like this p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comooMzF.png altenter image description herep  pThis is my configuration p  pMenu  p  precode ltitem     androidididmenuitemshare     androidactionProviderClassandroid.widget.MyShareActionProvider     androidshowAsActionalways     androidtitlePartagergt codepre  pActivity p  precode    MenuItem item  menu.findItemR.id.menuitemshare      mShareActionProvider  ShareActionProvider item.getActionProvider      if mShareActionProvider  null          mShareActionProvider.setShareIntentmShareIntent      codepre  pDo you have any idea  Thanksp
Negative 10594 pFrom a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq2000371450913this other posta it looks like it is possible to get the return value of codeIHTMLWindow2execScriptcode from Internet Explorer API, however the linked example is in C and I dont really understand it. Im trying to do the same thing in strongPowerShellstrong, so heres my code that shows the problemp  precodeie  NewObject COM InternetExplorer.Application ie.visible  true ie.navigatehttpgoogle.com while  ie.busy   startsleep m 100  document  ie.document window  document.parentWindow  Function evaljsCommand       Of course it doesnt return anything here. How can I get the return value     return window.execScriptjsCommand, javascript   eval parseInt12  returns nothing codepre  pWhat Im really trying to do is to make jQuery selectorobjects available in my PowerShell script, so that I can do things likep  precodeeval inputselector  where name eq username codepre  pand more.p  pstrongUpdatestrong Look at this a hrefhttpsgist.github.comomidkradfbb4bfb3b1f5b83c9898 relnofollowGista for PowerShell function to run JavaScriptJQuery and return results back to PS, with timeout. It was extended from the answer below.p
Negative 10594 pI am running Fedora 20 on my desktop. When I saw the advisory about the vulnerability in bash, I checked my system out and turns out, it was vulnerable. Today, I updated my system and a new version of bash was installed. I was expecting to restart bash for the changes to take effect. But to my surprise, the update process somehow fixed emrunningem copy of bash. p  pHowp  pLog shows 2 invocations of the same command. Between the two, upgraded the system from a different xterm window.p  pcode bash env x   echo vulnerable bash c echo This is a test vulnerable This is a test bash env x   echo vulnerable bash c echo This is a test bash warning x ignoring function definition attempt bash error importing function definition for x codep
Negative 10594 pIm trying use AdMob for motezation. Ive updated android sdk. After that this error in log appearsp  precode   BUILD FAILED     CAndroidsdktoolsantbuild.xml601      Invalid file CAndroidsdkextrasgooglegoogleplayserviceslibprojectgoogleplayserviceslibbuild.xml          004912 The process CQt5.2.1androidarmv7binandroiddeployqt.exe exited with code 14.         Error while buildingdeploying project AdMobQtSample kit Android for armeabiv7a GCC 4.8, Qt 5.2.1         When executing step Deploy to Android device codepre  pIt worked before upgrade, and theres no file build.xml in googleplayserviceslib folder.p
Negative 10594 pI am using Userena, and in my profile class, I added an ImageField, now I get OperationalError, Column does not exist everytime I reach the sign up page on my site.p  pHere is the code below.p  precodefrom django.contrib.auth.models import User from django.utils.translation import ugettext as  from userena.models import UserenaBaseProfile  class MyProfileUserenaBaseProfile     user  models.OneToOneFieldUser,                                 uniqueTrue,                                 verbosenameuser,                                 relatednamemyprofile     favouritesnack  models.CharFieldfavourite snack,                                        maxlength5     coverpic  models.ImageFielduploadtositemediamediacovers, nullTrue, blankTrue codepre  pI have already ran syncdb and a South Migration dozens of times after adding the ImageField, so Im not sure if that is the problem.p  pWhat am I doing wrong herep
Negative 10594 pWe are taught to place the following script in the codeltheadgtcode section, conditional to IE 9.p  precodelt[if lt IE 9]gt       ltscript srchtml5shiv.googlecode.comsvntrunkhtml5.jsgtltscriptgt lt[endif]gt codepre  pAs in WordPress I tend to use codewpenqueuescriptcode to hook scripts to codewpheadcode default or codewpfootercode. My question isp  pstrong1strong can we implement something like the following in codefunctions.phpcode in WordPress themep  precodefunction projectscriptsgt   lt[if lt IE 9]gt   ltphp      wpenqueuescript IEscripts, httphtml5shiv.googlecode.comsvntrunkhtml5.js    gt   lt[endif]gt ltphp  addaction wpenqueuescripts, projectscripts  codepre  pstrong2strong If so, can I do it otherwisep  precodefunction projectscripts   echo lt[if lt IE 9]gt      wpenqueuescript IEscripts, httphtml5shiv.googlecode.comsvntrunkhtml5.js    echo lt[endif]gt  addaction wpenqueuescripts, projectscripts  codepre
Negative 10594 pI have read many questions here on this site and read the documentation a hrefhttpsdevelopers.facebook.comdocsgraphapireferencev2.1userinterests relnofollowFacebook Interest Lista but none really provided an answer to my need. p  pMy problem is that whenever i try to get the Interest List i get empty results and in the questions i read it was to one of the following reasonp  p1You need a permission for the userinterest 2No interest listsp  pI have two Interest List and as for permissionsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comwNTNr.png altenter image description herep  pWhen i use the Graph API, here is my resultsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com055wP.png altenter image description herep  pSo am i making a mistake here or does that mean that its a bug from Facebook, if anybody have any knowledge about this, please share because i have been struggling with this fro quite sometime.p
Negative 10594 pWhen creating a eclipse plugin with SWT,this is not using RCP it seems that the colors of swt widgets change from one pc to another. So it depends on the pcs color settings. I want to be color theme same at everywhere. It should not change by pc to pc. I am not meaning setting colors manually for each widget.p
Negative 10594 pMaybe this is simpler than i think but having issues getting this to work. I have a linkto blockp  precodelt linktoanimal.previousanimal, class prevpage do   ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconchevronleftgtltspangt Meet ltspan classnamegtlt animal.previousanimal.name gtltspangt, the lt animalbreedanimal.previousanimal gt lt end gt codepre  pBut i only want to show the link if a previousanimal existsp  precodedef previousanimal  animal  self.class.ordercreatedat desc.wherecreatedat lt , self.createdat  animal.last if animal end codepre  pnormally within a linkto i could just dop  precodelt linktoanimal.previousanimal if animal.previousanimal gt codepre  pBut i am getting undefined method name when i add the if clause, so its still running lt animal.previousanimal.name , even though i thought it was within the if statementp  precodelt linktoanimal.previousanimal, class prevpage if animal.previousanimal do   ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconchevronleftgtltspangt Meet ltspan classnamegtlt animal.previousanimal.name gtltspangt, the lt animalbreedanimal.previousanimal gt lt end gt codepre  pany help appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to print out formatted dates using elements of an array within a hash map coderecordsarray[STARTTIMESEC]codep  pThe first element of the array is coderecordshash[STARTTIMESEC][0]code which equals 1405583947p  pPrinting the hardcoded time works just fine codeTime.strptime1405583947, scode prints 20140717 075907 0000 This is correctp  pNext, setting the hardcoded time to a variable as a string works just finep  precodestime  1405583947 Time.strptimestime, s codepre  pprints 20140717 075907 0000 again, correctp  pIf i pull a single time from the array and try to use it in Time.strptime it works just finep  precodestime2  recordsarray[STARTTIMESEC][0].tos Time.strptimestime2, s codepre  pprints 20140717 075907 0000 correct once againp  pHowever, When trying to iterate through the array and print out the dates for all elements I get an errorp  precodelt 0..recordsarray.count.each doi gt lttr classpostgt         lttdgt     lt stime  recordshash[STARTTIMESEC][i].tos gt     lt Time.strptimestime, s gt     lttdgt lttrgt lt end gt codepre  pError invalid strptime format  sp
Negative 10594 pI try to implement MultiSelectListPreference for my settings viewp  precodeltMultiSelectListPreference     androidtitlestringtitle     androidsummarystringmessage     androidkeypreffoobar     androiddefaultValuearrayemptyarray     androidentriesarrayfooArray     androidentryValuesarrayfooValues gt codepre  pThe arrayp  precodeltresourcesgt     ltstringarray namefooArraygt         ltitemgtFooltitemgt         ltitemgtBarltitemgt     ltstringarraygt     ltstringarray namefooValuesgt         ltitemgtfoovalueltitemgt         ltitemgtbarvalueltitemgt     ltstringarraygt     ltstringarray nameemptyarraygt ltresourcesgt codepre  pHowever this gives me following exceptionp  blockquote   pjava.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start activity   ComponentInfocom.myproject.SettingsActivity   java.lang.ClassCastException java.lang.String cannot be cast to   java.util.Setp blockquote  pFull stacktrace a hrefhttppastebin.comkBDByXY5 relnofollowhttppastebin.comkBDByXY5ap  pAny ideas whats wrongp  hr  pCodep  precodepublic class SettingsActivity extends Activity       private static final String TAGSETTINGSFRAGMENT  SETTINGSFRAGMENT      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState          if savedInstanceState  null              getFragmentManager.beginTransaction                                 .replaceandroid.R.id.content, new PreferenceFragment, TAGSETTINGSFRAGMENT.commit                    public static class PreferenceFragment extends android.preference.PreferenceFragment          public PreferenceFragment              required                   Override         public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState              super.onCreatesavedInstanceState             addPreferencesFromResourceR.xml.preferences                codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a js which is integrated into other websites. When the user enters the site, a function is called from the script and an element pops up. Is it possible for me, in the js function that popsup the element, to make it open only for a certain percentage lets say 60 of the users  I thought about using the codeMath.randomcode function, but im not sure how to make it.p  pEDIT After thinking about it, it might be that this is not achievable by javascript alone and it will require the use of some kind of tracking of users via database or such. If someone knows of a different way, Ill be happy to hear it.p
Negative 10594 pFirst, this is the first time i code both of web service and android normally just android, so please bear with me.p  pI tried to upload an image to the mysql phpmyadmin through the Codeigniterbased webservice. The image column in mysql phpmyadmin is BLOB.p  precodedata[image]  strreplacedataimagejpgbase64,, , data[image] data[image]  strreplace , , data[image] decoded base64decodedata[image] codepre  pThen save the decoded file this is where the permission is denied p  precodefileputcontentsCxampphtdocsprojectimages, decoded codepre  pThe image file should be saved in the temp folder, which is in the same folder with the php file controller folder. However, the file is never stored but the other data like name, email is stored on the mysql.p  pThe error i got  p  precodeltpgtMessage  fileputcontentsCxampphtdocsprojectimages failed to open stream Permission deniedltpgt codepre  pIm kinda stuck now. Please kindly help me.p  pThanks for your helpp
Negative 10594 pI need to change the size and the color of my items in the ListView. Its only a ListView inside a LinearLayout, and when i open the ListView opens in the top of the Layout i want he shows in the bottom right. Thanks in advice.p  ppublic void onClickView v p  precode                DisplayMetrics metrics  new DisplayMetrics                 Activity mContext.getWindowManager.getDefaultDisplay.getMetricsmetrics                 int h  metrics.heightPixels                 int w  metrics.widthPixels                  int[] locint  new int[2]                 v.getLocationOnScreenlocint                 Rect location  new Rect                 location.left  locint[0]                 location.top  locint[1]                 location.right  location.left  v.getWidth                 location.bottom  location.top  v.getHeight                 LayoutInflater inflater  LayoutInflater mContext.getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE                 View layout  inflater.inflateR.layout.popuplibrolista,ViewGroup grid.findViewByIdR.id.popupelement                 ListView listView  ListView layout.findViewByIdR.id.listPopUp                 final ArrayAdapterltStringgt adaptador  new ArrayAdapterltStringgtmContext, android.R.layout.simplespinneritem, listaLibrosToAccess.getnewpos.menuPopUp                 listView.setAdapteradaptador                 listView.setOnItemClickListenernew AdapterView.OnItemClickListener                     Override                      public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt parent, View view, int position, long id                          Log.dEste adapter conduce a , adaptador.getItemposition.toString                                                        pwindo2  new PopupWindowlayout, h, w, true                 pwindo2.showAtLocationlayout, Gravity.CENTER, 0, 0                        codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to implement Slicknav plugin on a website, but it seems not to be loading the js, or not applying required actions defined by it. I have prepared a a hrefhttpgermanalvarez.netclinicaimagenslick.html relnofollowLIVE DEMOa with just the HTML code of the nav, as specified on a hrefhttpslicknav.com relnofollowSlickNavs websiteap  pThe only things added on the a hrefhttpgermanalvarez.netclinicaimagenslick.html relnofollowDEMOa are the HTML code, the piece of script on it to run the nav, and the js and css files to make it work, as specified on editors websitep  pHTMLp  precode   ltul idmenu2gt     ltligtParent 1         ltulgt             ltligtlta hrefgtitem 3ltagtltligt             ltligtParent 3                 ltulgt                     ltligtlta hrefgtitem 8ltagtltligt                     ltligtlta hrefgtitem 9ltagtltligt                     ltligtlta hrefgtitem 10ltagtltligt                 ltulgt             ltligt             ltligtlta hrefgtitem 4ltagtltligt         ltulgt     ltligt     ltligtlta hrefgtitem 1ltagtltligt     ltligtnonlink itemltligt     ltligtParent 2         ltulgt             ltligtlta hrefgtitem 5ltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefgtitem 6ltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefgtitem 7ltagtltligt         ltulgt     ltligt ltulgt codepre  pScript piece on the html filep  precodeltscriptgt menu2.slicknav     label ,     duration 1000,     easingOpen easeOutBounce, available with jQuery UI     prependTomenu2  ltscriptgt codepre  pJs and Css linkedp  precodeltlink relstylesheet hrefcssslicknav.css gt ltscript srcjsjquery.slicknav.min.jsgtltscriptgt codepre
Negative 10594 pJava newbie here. I read the following code in an android tutorial.p  pEclipse says the codestopSelfcode call is actually calling codeandroid.app.Service.stopSelfcode method, which I believe is inherited by outer class codeSimpleServicecode.p  pHowever this line resides in a method in an anonymous subclass of codeThreadcode. What I dont understand here is how does compiler I presume know the line is calling a method in codeServicecode and not a method in the anonymous classp  pAny explanation is welcome.p  pcodepublic class SimpleService extends Service      Override     public void onStartIntent intent, int startId          Thread t  new Thread              Override             public void run                  try                      Thread.sleep20  1000                     stopSelf                          HERE                  catch InterruptedException e                                                 t.start       codep
Negative 10594 ol lipFor example codetestcode column 7 contains two rows, if the codenumbercode column contains values 5 AND 6, AND the value is NOT  strongXstrong in the codechrcode column, I would like to select select the rows with 7 in the codetestcode column.pli lipFor example codetestcode column 10 contains three rows, if the codenumbercode column contains values 5 AND 6, AND the value strongXstrong exists in the codechrcode column, I would like to exclude rows with 10 in the codetestcode column.pli ol  pThe a hrefhttpwww.sqlfiddle.com2f209fe5 relnofollowDemoa of the below Schema and broken SQL query is available on SQL fiddle.p  pSchemap  precodeCREATE TABLE TESTDATA ID INT, TEST INT, CHR VARCHAR1, NUMBER INT  INSERT INTO TESTDATA VALUES   1    ,    7 , C   ,       5,  2    ,    7 , T   ,       6,  3    ,    8 , C   ,       4,  4    ,    8 , T   ,       5,  5    ,    9 , A   ,       4,  6    ,    9 , G   ,       5,  7    ,   10 , T   ,       4,  8    ,   10 , A   ,       5,  9    ,   10 , X   ,       6, 10    ,   14 , T   ,       4, 11    ,   14 , G   ,       5 codepre  pSQLp  precodeSELECT  FROM testdata t1, testdata t2 WHERE t1.number5 is not t1.chrX AND       t2.number6 is not t2.chrX codepre  pHow would it be possible to keep codetestcode column if codenumbercode columns contains 5 and 6 and the codechrcode column does not contain strongXstrongp  pstrongUPDATEstrong As result it should only be codetestcode column with 7, because codetestcode column 7 have 5 and 6 in the codenumbercode column and not X.p  pstrongUPDATE 2strong Result examplep  precodeID  TEST  CHR    NUMBER                1    7     C       5         2    7     T       6    codepre
Negative 10594 pUsing MVC4 and Ajax. I am loading 5 records and on windows scroll down load the next 5 records ..etcp  pController worksp  precode    public JsonResult FetchDataint pageIndex  0            var model  ...       ViewBag.count  pageIndex2        return Jsonmodel, JsonRequestBehavior.AllowGet                codepre  pView p  pjavascript p  precodefunction       window.scrollfunction           if window.scrollTop  document.height  window.height              FetchDataFromServer                   function FetchDataFromServer      var Id  .postcount.attrId     .ajax         url Url.ActionFetchData,         data  pageIndex Id ,         datatype applicationjson,         success function                        ,         error function               alerterror                ltdiv idresultgt    Html.PartialResultList,Model ltdivgt codepre  pThe first time the model gets passed to the partial view and data successfully loads. On scroll down the Action FeachData gets executed and I can see the data gets retrieved successfully. p  pMy question when FeachData method passes the model, How do I pass the model to the Partial View and append to the existing recordsp  ppartial view excepts a model and has a foreach var item in Model.. that loops and displays the data.p  pThank youp
Negative 10594 pI am using Matlab R2013b.  In my script I use codefindcode to get the positions where a boolean mask is 1, and then apply that mask to change values in another vector codevucode For examplep  precodebMask  [1,1,0,0,0,1,0,1] vIdx  findbMask1 uvIdx  0 codepre  pNow, Matlab fires a Warning in the editor, claiming that emTo improve performance, use logical indexing instead ofem codefindcode, and suggests the following changep  precodevIdx  bMask  1 codepre  pHowever, this does not get to the same solution that I had with codefindcode.p  pSo here isare my questionsp  ul liShould I be concerned about this Warning at all taking into account that codebMaskcode will probably have dimension 100, or is codefindcode going to be fine for my purposesli liIf so, what are efficient alternatives to implement this maskingli ul
Negative 10594 pFirst of all, Ive read this question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11391442fatalerrorclasssoapclientnotfoundFatal error Class 39SoapClient39 not founda and have everything done the answer says. But still experience an issue.p  pI also found similar issue here a hrefhttpsbugs.php.netbug.phpid64445 relnofollowhttpsbugs.php.netbug.phpid64445a but it is not solved there too.p  pIm trying to set up a PHP  Apache environment on Win 7 64.p  ol lipstrongPHPstrong php5.5.17Win32VC11x86. Thread safe.pli lipstrongApachestrong httpd2.4.10win32VC11pli ol  pSo, here is my codeCPHPphp.inicode for SOAP. Everything is set correctlyp  precodeextensionphpsoap.dll   Directory in which the loadable extensions modules reside.  On windows extensiondir  CPHPext  [soap]  Enables or disables WSDL caching feature.  httpphp.netsoap.wsdlcacheenabled soap.wsdlcacheenabled1   Sets the directory name where SOAP extension will put cache files.  httpphp.netsoap.wsdlcachedir soap.wsdlcachedirtmp   time to live Sets the number of second while cached file will be used  instead of original one.  httpphp.netsoap.wsdlcachettl soap.wsdlcachettl86400   Sets the size of the cache limit. Max. number of WSDL files to cache soap.wsdlcachelimit  5 codepre  pIn codeCPHPextcode folder I have codephpsoap.dllcode file, codeCPHPextphpsoap.dllcode.p  pBut my codephpinfocode returns emONLYem this about SOAPp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comADsAO.png altenter image description herep  pI emDO NOTem have these settings shownp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comYWDtj.jpg altenter image description herep  pAnd I get errorp  precodeFatal error Class SoapClient not found in CApache24htdocsmyAppsrcEmBundlePlatformBundleServicesMyAppService.php on line 46 codepre  pWhat did I miss How to solve itp
Negative 10594 precodeTRACEThis is a TRACE statementn OutputDebugStringdd forint x0 xltpDocgtrlength x      TRACEThe value of x is dn, x     forint y0 yltpDocgtclength y              TRACEx  d and y  dn, x, y         datapDocgtmOpenImg[x][y]100circle image 100          choose method for Saturation.         ifdatagt255                      pDocgtmResultImg[x][y]255save the output value                  else                      pDocgtmResultImg[x][y]datasave the output value.                codepre  pIm studying MFC in this semester. I want to see debug output with TRACE. I found TRACE in MSDN  This is part of my MFC code. I put TRACE into for loop. Other than the issue TRACE and OutputDebugString is not working correctly, the other part of the code works fine. I want to see debug output. Help me please. p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to save a note into the database by user input but my code isnt saving it to the Database.p  pIm planning on checking the user input aswell with functions.p  precodeSqlConnection con  database.GetConnection SqlCommand command  new SqlCommandINSERT INTO notities notitiesgebruiker, notitiesdatum, notitiesdoeldatum, notitiesbericht valuesnotitiesgebruiker, notitiesdatum, notitiesdoeldatum, notitiesbericht, con command.Parameters.AddWithValuenotitiesgebruiker, this.gebruikerid.ToString command.Parameters.AddWithValuenotitiesdatum, DateTime.Now command.Parameters.AddWithValuenotitiesdoeldatum, DateTime.ParseExactthis.targetDate.Text, ddMMyyyy, null command.Parameters.AddWithValuenotitiesbericht, this.Note.Text con.Open command.ExecuteNonQuery con.Close initialiseListBox    codepre  pWhats happening is that whenever I close my application the database loses its values saved and goes back to original state. I can add items manually though..p  pEDIT It rolls back the rows I have added in via application but I am able to pull the data from the database I saved if I keep it running.p
Negative 10594 pI want to process a queue in the following mannerp  ul liQueue is persisted in MongoDb possibly with npm package mongodbqueueli liSeveral node processes can work on the same queueli liTasks involves various io which takes between zero to a couple of seconds eachli liEach node process should work on max  tasks concurrentlyli ul  pThe node processes also services a simple web site express. But there will be very few requests from the site. Most work will be done processing the queuep  pThe goal is to be able to saturate each process better than if each process only could pop one task at a time. Since the tasks involves quite a bit of waiting for external services I think it would be a waste not to process them in parallell I know its not really in parallell.  Im thinking that five or so would be the limit, but this would have to be tweaked after a while.p  pRough pseudo codep  precodeloopForewer      popNextTaskFromQueuefunctiontask          iftask ampamp concurrentTasks lt limit              concurrentTasks              processTasktask, functionerr                  concurrentTasks                              codepre  pHow should I solve thisp  pThanks in advance. Michaelp  hr  peditp  pIll elaborate some about Pauls suggestion on async.parallelLimit and an attempt with async.queue. I hope its ok to do this by editing my own question.p  pstrongasync.parallelLimitstrongp  pActually, I dont see how this would fit the bill. But Im kind of a beginner in Node and JavaScript and I might have missed something.p  pI cant see how I can keep the process saturated i.e. filled with 5 tasks without first getting all available tasks from the queue in MongoDB. But if I get all the tasks, all but five will be sitting waiting instead of being processed by another node process.p  pstrongasync.queuestrongp  pWhat do think about thisp  precodeq  async.queue.., 5 create a queue with concurrency limit 5 dbQ  someQueueWithMongoStorage..  whiletrue      nextTickfunction          if q.saturated              dbQ.getTaskfunctionerr, task                  if task q.pushtask                             codepre  ul liIs it ok to use a whiletrue loop li liOr should it be recursiveli liDo I need nextTick here Im worried that the loop will take over the event queue otherwise.li liProblem is that Ill hit the database very much when dbQ is empty. Should I add a timeout when dbQ is emptyli ul
Negative 10594 pdatacolorredI want 2 words after and before span tags. br here is my stronghtml codestrongp  precodeltpgtThis pathway has an inner and an outer wall. The pressure ltspan datacolorred classhighlightgtinside theltspangt eye closes the tunnel.ltpgt codepre  pI want output like thisp  precodeThe pressure ltspan datacolorred classhighlightgtinside theltspangt eye closes codepre  pstrongnotestrong attributes in span tags changesp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to make a program in which if you type in open to the java console it ends.p  pWhen I type in open, the if statement below doesnt run.p  precode            ifinputopen                  System.out.printlnYou escaped                 break              codepre  pIve also tried .equals and it still doesnt workp  precode    ifinput.equalsopen          System.out.printlnYou escaped         break      codepre  pHowever when I print out input as shown below, the input is open.  This makes no sense because if the input was open, then the if statement above should have run.p  precode            else                 otherwise check what was written                 System.out.printlninput              codepre  pHere is my full codep  precodeclass Password      public static void mainString args[] throws java.io.IOException          holds letters put in         char letter          holds full line of input         String input           for             input              makes the input equal what was inputed on the line             for                 gets next char                 letterchar System.in.read get a char                 if the line hasnt ended then add that char to input                 iflettern                     inputString.valueOfletter                 else                     other wise line has ended so input is finished                     break                                           if open was typed in then end the program             ifinput.equalsopen                  System.out.printlnYou escaped                 break             else                 otherwise check the input                 System.out.printlninput                            codepre  pp
Negative 10594 h2Can we have a parent complex type definition be overridden by specific child implementationh2  precodefor example the parent type     ltxscomplexType namerepgt             ltxssequencegt                 ltxselement nameparts typepartsgtltxselementgt             ltxssequencegt     ltxscomplexTypegt   and one of its subtypes              ltxscomplexType nameXRepgt             ltxscomplexContentgt                 ltxsextension baserepgt                 ltxsextensiongt             ltxscomplexContentgt         ltxscomplexTypegt  how can we write child type so that it has its own implementation of element parts. This lthttpstackoverflow.comquestions13952721howtooverridexsdelementinsideofparentextendedelementgtf but it deals with restriction and extension, Can we specifically have custom implementaion of parents element. codepre
Negative 10594 pI am wanting to use an ADOStoredProcedure object to call a stored procedure from a databasep  pThe stored procedure returns 3 varchar255s  codeProcessedcode, coderecordsetsizecode and coderecordsremainingcodep  pI then want to capture the returned values into a variable on delphis side  I am currently using MySQL and Delphi 7p  pThe stored procedure works fine on its own in MySQL so theres nothing the fault on that side.p  pAt the moment the code in delphi isp  precodeADOWizconSP.ProcedureName  procmoveToWizconTemp ADOWizconSP.Parameters.Refresh  ADOWizconSP.Parameters.ParamByNameprocessed.Value  processed ADOWizconSP.Parameters.ParamByNamerecordsetsize.Value  recordsetsize ADOWizconSP.Parameters.ParamByNamerecordsremaining.Value  recordsremaining ADOWizconSP.ExecProc           lbwizconValues.Items.AddIntToStrADOWizconSP.Parameters.ParamByNameprocessed.Value           lbwizconValues.Items.AddIntToStrADOWizconSP.Parameters.ParamByNamerecordsetsize.Value           lbwizconValues.Items.AddIntToStrADOWizconSP.Parameters.ParamByNamerecordsremaining.Value codepre  pI am presented with the errorp  precodeADOWizconSP Parameter processednot found codepre  pCan anyone help me with what I am trying to achieve here.p  pKind Regards,p  pJordan p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to parse the output of the linux a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiDigcommand relnofollowdiga command and do several things on one shot with regular expressions.p  pLets say I dig the host codemail.yahoo.comcodep  precodeusrbindig nocomments noquestion      noauthority noadditional nostats nocmd      mail.yahoo.com A codepre  pThis command outputsp  precodemail.yahoo.com.                   0  IN  CNAME  login.yahoo.com. login.yahoo.com.                  0  IN  CNAME  ats.login.lgg1.b.yahoo.com. ats.login.lgg1.b.yahoo.com.       0  IN  CNAME  ats.member.g02.yahoodns.net. ats.member.g02.yahoodns.net.      0  IN  CNAME  anyats.member.a02.yahoodns.net. anyats.member.a02.yahoodns.net. 12  IN  A      98.139.21.169 codepre  pWhat Id like to is finding all the codelthostgtcode, codeltrecordtypegtcode and codeltresolvednamegtcode parts without the final period using only one regular expressionp  pFor this particular example with codemail.yahoo.comcode, itd bep  precode[     mail.yahoo.com, CNAME, login.yahoo.com,     login.yahoo.com, CNAME, ats.login.lgg1.b.yahoo.com,     ats.login.lgg1.b.yahoo.com, CNAME, ats.member.g02.yahoodns.net,     ats.member.g02.yahoodns.net, CNAME, anyats.member.a02.yahoodns.net,     anyats.member.a02.yahoodns.net, A, 98.139.21.169, ] codepre  pBut it turns out that the codedigcode command might be showing a period at the end of the name p  precode    mail.yahoo.com.                                      Good dot                                  Good dot                                  Baaaad dot codepre  pDoing a regular expression that splits codedigcodes output and returns the name with the final period is fairly straightforwardp  precoderegex  re.compileS.INs[AZ]sS.s,re.MULTILINE codepre  pBut calling code.findallcode with that regex does return the final period in the host, because codeScode will match the last period as wellp  precode[     mail.yahoo.com., CNAME, login.yahoo.com.,     login.yahoo.com., CNAME, ats.login.lgg1.b.yahoo.com.,     ats.login.lgg1.b.yahoo.com., CNAME, ats.member.g02.yahoodns.net.,     ats.member.g02.yahoodns.net., CNAME, anyats.member.a02.yahoodns.net.,     anyats.member.a02.yahoodns.net., A, 98.139.21.169, ] codepre  pSo Id need emsomethingem that matches all nonspaces codeScode except if its a period followed by a whitespace.p  pIve done endless tries, and I havent been able to come up with a decent solution.p  pThank you in advancep  pstrongPSstrong I know I can always use the easy regular expression and on a second pass remove the last dot of the found string, but Im curious about whether this can be done with a regular expression in one shot.p
Negative 10594 pI have a problem with characters encoding in my ms sql server version Enterprise 2014. I create bulk files via c program, bulk are encoded in UTF8 with polish characters, but when I insert bulk into my database instead of strings with polish characters I have strings with default ASCII characters.p  pHere is my create table declarationp  precodecreate table Klient      imie varchar20,     nazwisko varchar40,     id int identity1,1,     primary key id,  codepre  pHere is a part of my bulk filep  precode... SylwiuszOkyne1 AdolfOsientowicz2 JagodaChoy3 WandaPeryhasza4 MilenaCzybieniak5 KatarzynaCzarnopy6 WitomirChaubowicz7 RutGaruz8 RutSciolny9 KlementynaLeszer10 LucjuszBoralciewicz11 ... codepre  pHere is a script which push bulk to the databasep  precodeBULK INSERT Klient FROM src WITH KEEPIDENTITY, FIELDTERMINATOR, ROWTERMINATOR  n codepre  pHere is my database properties img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPW1D1.png altenter image description herep  pHere is properties of column which has string with polish characters img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comvfHPb.png altenter image description herep  pAnd here is what it looks into my databasep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQobri.png altenter image description herep  pI also try using nvarchar instead of varchar but it didnt help for me. Maybe I should use another collation But I dont have idea which one because there is about 3040 polish collations.. So if someone could help me I will be very gratefulp  h1EDITh1  pRegarding to Giorgios answer adding codepage65001 didnt help for me because sql server returns info that he isnt support it. I also find info that sql server never support codepage 65001, but its a a hrefhttpconnect.microsoft.comSQLServerfeedbackdetails370419 relnofollowinfoa from 2009, but I dont know if its actual with sql server 2014..p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to delete the last Node of a linked list, I have the first element of the list. But the function does not work I would be happy if you could help mep  pCode  p  precodevoid deleteNodeNode firstNode      Node currNode  firstNode     while currNodegtnext  NULL           currNode  currNodegtnext           delete currNodegtnext      currNodegtnext  NULL   codepre
Negative 10594 pIm experiencing a bug with iOS8 and I have problem changing dynamically a web view frame. p  pI change the frame by dragging the view by the edge with this use case right, left more than 3 times it becomes clipping the web view content on the right even bottom when resizing from bottom edge.p  pThe content size and frames are correct, even when Safari inspector highlights whole view not the clipped view.p  pThe scrollbar are in correct position too.p  pAny advice I use autoresizing and when I changed it to constraints, it didnt help at all.p  precode UIView here I do frame changes  UIView autoresizingMask, before iOS8 when this container view was not used, the clipping was reproduced  UIWebView autoresizingMask codepre  pI even tried to add another container view.p  pLayoutIfNeeded, setNeedsDisplay doesnt help at all.p  pThank you for any advice.p  pHere is DEMO application with screenshots a hrefhttpsgithub.compionlUIWebViewResizeBug relnofollowhttpsgithub.compionlUIWebViewResizeBugap
Negative 10594 pI am trying to timestamp with itext tsaclient trough HTTPS connection, I am having problems with the connection in the moment of the sign, when tsaclient try to establish the connection against the server. Analizing by whireshark the traffic I have received p  blockquote   pReceived fatal alert badcertificatep blockquote  p[Solution] I wasnt preparing well the connection from TSAClient, now I have implemented properly the client.p  precodePreparing keystore with my Private Key and Server Certificate BouncyCastleProvider provider  new BouncyCastleProvider Security.addProviderprovider      ks  KeyStore.getInstancepkcs12, provider.getName public static KeyStore ks ks.loadnew FileInputStreamConstantes.CERT, Constantes.PASSCERT.toCharArray       String alias  Stringks.aliases.nextElement PrivateKey pk  PrivateKey ks.getKeyalias, Constantes.PASSCERT.toCharArray Certificate[] chain  ks.getCertificateChainalias   FileInputStream is  new FileInputStreamnew FileConstantes.SERVERCERTCER CertificateFactory cf  CertificateFactory.getInstanceX.509 java.security.cert.X509Certificate cert  X509Certificate cf.generateCertificateis ks.setCertificateEntryaliasservercert, cert   Making TSA and Sign     ExternalDigest digest  new BouncyCastleDigest TSAClient tsaClient  new Selladohttpsurl  Digital signature ExternalSignature es  new PrivateKeySignaturepk,SHA1,BC         MakeSignature.signDetachedappearance,digest,es,chain,null,null,tsaClient,0,CryptoStandard.CMS codepre  pand the TSAClient Sellado is based in TSAClientBouncycastle, changing the next class with SSL context.p  precodepublic class Sellado implements TSAClient  Code    protected byte[] getTSAResponsebyte[] requestBytes      throws IOException, NoSuchAlgorithmException, UnrecoverableKeyException, KeyStoreException, KeyManagementException      Preparing SSL Context  KeyManagerFactory kmf  KeyManagerFactory.getInstanceKeyManagerFactory.getDefaultAlgorithm kmf.initEmpadronamientoI.ks, pass.toCharArray  TrustManagerFactory tmf  TrustManagerFactory.getInstanceTrustManagerFactory.getDefaultAlgorithm tmf.initEmpadronamientoI.ks  SSLContext ctx  SSLContext.getInstanceTLS ctx.initkmf.getKeyManagers,tmf.getTrustManagers, new SecureRandom SSLSocketFactory sf  ctx.getSocketFactory  URL url  new URLthis.tsaURL HttpsURLConnection tsaconn  HttpsURLConnectionurl.openConnection tsaconn.setSSLSocketFactorysf tsaconn.setConnectTimeout0  tsaconn.setDoInputtrue tsaconn.setDoOutputtrue tsaconn.setUseCachesfalse tsaconn.setRequestPropertyContentType, applicationtimestampquery tsaconn.setRequestPropertyContentTransferEncoding, binary  try     tsaconn.connect          catch IOException ioe                  throw new IOExceptionMessageLocalization.getComposedMessagefailed.to.get.tsa.response.from.1, new Object[]  this.tsaURL               OutputStream out  tsaconn.getOutputStream  out.writerequestBytes  out.close    InputStream inp  tsaconn.getInputStream  ByteArrayOutputStream baos  new ByteArrayOutputStream  byte[] buffer  new byte[]  int bytesRead  0  while bytesRead  inp.readbuffer, 0, buffer.length gt 0    baos.writebuffer, 0, bytesRead        byte[] respBytes  baos.toByteArray  String encoding  tsaconn.getContentEncoding if encoding  null ampamp encoding.equalsIgnoreCasebase64     respBytes  Base64.decodenew StringrespBytes    return respBytes         Code      codepre
Negative 10594 pIm attempting to just add an OOTB Web Part actually to create a variation of a Search Page  in an App for SharePoint using an Office 365 Development Site for development but this happens with ANY OOTB Web Part. The default code when I create a page of course is thisp  precodelt Page languageC MasterPageFilemasterurldefault.master     InheritsMicrosoft.SharePoint.WebPartPages.WebPartPage,      Microsoft.SharePoint, Version15.0.0.0, Cultureneutral,      PublicKeyToken71e9bce111e9429c gt lt Register TagprefixUtilities NamespaceMicrosoft.SharePoint.Utilities      AssemblyMicrosoft.SharePoint, Version15.0.0.0, Cultureneutral,      PublicKeyToken71e9bce111e9429c gt lt Register TagprefixWebPartPages NamespaceMicrosoft.SharePoint.WebPartPages      AssemblyMicrosoft.SharePoint, Version15.0.0.0, Cultureneutral,     PublicKeyToken71e9bce111e9429c gt lt Register TagprefixSharePoint NamespaceMicrosoft.SharePoint.WebControls     AssemblyMicrosoft.SharePoint, Version15.0.0.0, Cultureneutral,      PublicKeyToken71e9bce111e9429c gt  ltaspContent ContentPlaceHolderIdPlaceHolderAdditionalPageHead runatservergt   ltSharePointScriptLink namesp.js runatserver OnDemandtrue        LoadAfterUItrue Localizablefalse gt ltaspContentgt  ltaspContent ContentPlaceHolderIdPlaceHolderMain runatservergt   ltWebPartPagesWebPartZone runatserver FrameTypeTitleBarOnly        IDfull Titlelocfull gt ltaspContentgt codepre  pAnd I just want to add, say, the SearchArea Web Part into the Zone I always get this on testing Cannot create XmlSerializers for this Web Partp  pThis seems so simple and yet I always get this error. This essentially happens with ANY OOTB Web Part. What am I doing wrong Again, I just have an App for SharePoint that will deploy a heavily customized Search experience, but MUST use the OOTB SharePoint controls for Search in certain areas.p  pThoughtsp
Negative 10594 pI have a view called mpending. I am trying to get the view in an agent. Here is the code snippet of how I am doing itp  precodeDim db As NotesDatabase Set db  New NotesDatabase,app.nsf Dim view As NotesView Set view  db.GetViewmpending codepre  pThen the view is assigned with nothing.p  pI am quite new to LotusNotes. Am I doing the right thingp
Negative 10594 pHow to create extension method for a generic type p  pThe below code returning error p  blockquote   pExtension method can only be declared in nongeneric, nonnested static classp blockquote  pCodep  precodepublic static class PagedListltTgt where T  BaseEntity      public static IEnumerableltTgt ToPagedListthis IEnumerableltTgt source, int pageNumber  0, int pageSize  5              return source.SkippageNumber  pageSize.TakepageSize       codepre  pAny further implementation with this makes this work p
Negative 10594 pI asked this question earlier and thought I had it sussed but no Im stuck againp  pMy default python is set to 2.6.1. I have Python 3.4.1 installed and can run it by typing Python3.p  phowever when I type in codepython manage.py runservercode I getp  precode TypeError Error when calling the metaclass bases     init keywords must be strings codepre  pI am sure my version of Django does not support 2.6.1.p  pI am trying to change it to 3.4.1. I managed to get it by using virtualenv earlier but I am now completely stuck.p  pwhen I try python3 manage.py runsserverp  pI getp  precodeImportError No module named django codepre  pThen when I open up python3 and import django the response is p  precodeImportError No module named django codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to solve merge sort and i am getting lost in recursion concept. So to make myself understand better, i framed a small example.p  pWith coden 2code for below program i get answer as as code0,1,2code which i totally understand concept of using stack and returning values of stack one by one through codeputs ncode after finishing recursion.p  precode def onen   if n lt 0    return   end   onen1   puts n  end codepre  pBut when i am trying to using another recursion like below i am totally lost on why and how is the answer code0,0,1,0,0,1,2code . Can anyone simply explain it p  precode def onen   if n lt 0    return   end   onen1   onen1   puts n  end codepre  pPlease add enough description on how does both recursions works together.p
Negative 10594 pI have created a android application. Subscription is free. However i have put ads inside application. Now i want provide option within app where people can buy adfree version. And also provide option to restore purchase.p  pI went through Android docs didnt understand anything.p  pPlease provide a good tutorial.p  pUrgent.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to us the interface builder in Xcode 6 and auto layout to create a really basic data table with UITableView. It does not seem UITableView has any concept of columns so I created 6 labels in the header section and 6 labels in my cell. How can I align the labels in the cell up with the header labels and make them fill the screenp
Negative 10594 pAs for 1.7 the live event is deprecated  im using currently 1.11.1 jquery version.  Now, also on the docs says that for 1.9 jquery the live was removed  fine by me.  For the next case p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt      document.ready      submitFile.liveclick, function e          alertbutton clicked         e.preventDefault         alert1            fileCtrl.livechange, function event          alert1          lt  this was a typo fromgt     fileCtrl.liveon, function event          alert1        ltscriptgt    ltdiv iduploadDivgt     ltinput nameimport valueimport typefile idfileCtrl gt     ltinput typesubmit valueexport idfileupload  gt ltdivgt codepre  pfor my current project i had to reuse live.  the on event simple doesnt fire.  any reason why i tried with live and it work, event that the it says on doc that it was removed on version 1.9. Any tip on this Why is live still working and why on doesnt p  pThanks in advance. p
Negative 10594 pi used a hrefhttpbitoftech.net20140601tokenbasedauthenticationaspnetwebapi2owinaspnetidentity relnofollowthis solutiona to implement Token Based Authentication using ASP.NET Web API 2, Owin, and Identity...which worked out excellently well. i used this a hrefhttpsgithub.comlouislewis2AngularJSAuthentication relnofollowother solutiona and this to implement signalR hubs authorization and authentication by passing the bearer token through a connection string, but seems like either the bearer token is not going, or something else is wrong somewhere, which is why am here seeking HELP...these are my codes... QueryStringBearerAuthorizeAttribute this is the class in charge of verificationp  precodeusing ImpAuth.Entities using Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework using Microsoft.Owin.Security using Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth using System using System.Collections.Generic using System.Linq using System.Security.Claims using System.Threading.Tasks using System.Web  namespace ImpAuth.Providers      using System.Security.Claims     using Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR     using Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Hubs     using Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin      public class QueryStringBearerAuthorizeAttribute  AuthorizeAttribute              public override bool AuthorizeHubConnectionHubDescriptor hubDescriptor, IRequest request                      var token  request.QueryString.GetBearer             var authenticationTicket  Startup.AuthServerOptions.AccessTokenFormat.Unprotecttoken              if authenticationTicket  null  authenticationTicket.Identity  null  authenticationTicket.Identity.IsAuthenticated                              return false                           request.Environment[server.User]  new ClaimsPrincipalauthenticationTicket.Identity             request.Environment[server.Username]  authenticationTicket.Identity.Name             request.GetHttpContext.User  new ClaimsPrincipalauthenticationTicket.Identity             return true                   public override bool AuthorizeHubMethodInvocationIHubIncomingInvokerContext hubIncomingInvokerContext, bool appliesToMethod                      var connectionId  hubIncomingInvokerContext.Hub.Context.ConnectionId               check the authenticated user principal from environment             var environment  hubIncomingInvokerContext.Hub.Context.Request.Environment             var principal  environment[server.User] as ClaimsPrincipal              if principal  null ampamp principal.Identity  null ampamp principal.Identity.IsAuthenticated                               create a new HubCallerContext instance with the principal generated from token                  and replace the current context so that in hubs we can retrieve current user identity                 hubIncomingInvokerContext.Hub.Context  new HubCallerContextnew ServerRequestenvironment, connectionId                  return true                           return false                codepre  pand this is my start up class....p  precodeusing ImpAuth.Providers using Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR using Microsoft.Owin using Microsoft.Owin.Cors using Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook using Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google using Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook using Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google using Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth using Owin using System using System.Collections.Generic using System.Data.Entity using System.Linq using System.Web using System.Web.Http  [assembly OwinStartuptypeofImpAuth.Startup]  namespace ImpAuth      public class Startup              public static OAuthAuthorizationServerOptions AuthServerOptions          static Startup                      AuthServerOptions  new OAuthAuthorizationServerOptions                              AllowInsecureHttp  true,                 TokenEndpointPath  new PathStringtoken,                 AccessTokenExpireTimeSpan  TimeSpan.FromMinutes30,                 Provider  new SimpleAuthorizationServerProvider                 RefreshTokenProvider  new SimpleRefreshTokenProvider                                public static OAuthBearerAuthenticationOptions OAuthBearerOptions  get private set          public static GoogleOAuth2AuthenticationOptions googleAuthOptions  get private set          public static FacebookAuthenticationOptions facebookAuthOptions  get private set           public void ConfigurationIAppBuilder app                      app.MapSignalR             ConfigureOAuthapp             app.Mapsignalr, map gt                               Setup the CORS middleware to run before SignalR.                  By default this will allow all origins. You can                   configure the set of origins andor http verbs by                  providing a cors options with a different policy.                 map.UseCorsCorsOptions.AllowAll                 var hubConfiguration  new HubConfiguration                                       You can enable JSONP by uncommenting line below.                      JSONP requests are insecure but some older browsers and some                      versions of IE require JSONP to work cross domain                     EnableJSONP  true                     EnableDetailedErrors  true                                   Run the SignalR pipeline. Were not using MapSignalR                  since this branch already runs under the signalr                  path.                 map.RunSignalRhubConfiguration                          HttpConfiguration config  new HttpConfiguration             app.UseCorsMicrosoft.Owin.Cors.CorsOptions.AllowAll             WebApiConfig.Registerconfig             app.UseWebApiconfig                   public void ConfigureOAuthIAppBuilder app                      use a cookie to temporarily store information about a user logging in with a third party login provider             app.UseExternalSignInCookieMicrosoft.AspNet.Identity.DefaultAuthenticationTypes.ExternalCookie             OAuthBearerOptions  new OAuthBearerAuthenticationOptions              OAuthAuthorizationServerOptions OAuthServerOptions  new OAuthAuthorizationServerOptions                              AllowInsecureHttp  true,                 TokenEndpointPath  new PathStringtoken,                 AccessTokenExpireTimeSpan  TimeSpan.FromDays1,                 Provider  new SimpleAuthorizationServerProvider                            Token Generation             app.UseOAuthAuthorizationServerOAuthServerOptions             app.UseOAuthBearerAuthenticationnew OAuthBearerAuthenticationOptions              Configure Google External Login             googleAuthOptions  new GoogleOAuth2AuthenticationOptions                              ClientId  106290328315494kdm6orqj8epcq3ilp4ep2liv96c5mn.apps.googleusercontent.com,                 ClientSecret  rv5mJUz0epWXmvWUAQJSpP85,                 Provider  new GoogleAuthProvider                          app.UseGoogleAuthenticationgoogleAuthOptions              Configure Facebook External Login             facebookAuthOptions  new FacebookAuthenticationOptions                              AppId  CHARLIE,                 AppSecret  xxxxxx,                 Provider  new FacebookAuthProvider                          app.UseFacebookAuthenticationfacebookAuthOptions                 codepre  pand this is the knockout plus jquery code on the client....p  precodefunction chatname, message      self.Name  ko.observablename     self.Message  ko.observablemessage   function viewModel      var self  this     self.chatMessages  ko.observableArray      self.sendMessage  function           if message.val   ampamp name.val                .connection.hub.qs   Bearer yyCH391wCkSVMv7ieH2quEihDUOpWymxI12Vh7gtnZJpWRRkajQGZhrU5DnEVkOyhpLJ4MyhZnrBEMhM0FjrLx5bjmikhl6EeyjpMlwkRDM2lfgKMF4e82UaUg1ZFc7JFAt4dFvHRshX9ay0ziCnuwGLvvYhiriew2vF7d0bC18q5oqwZCmSogg2Osr63gAAX1oo9zOjx5pe2ClFHTlr7GlceM6CTR0jz2mYjSI              .connection.hub.start.donefunction                   .connection.hub.qs   Bearer yyCH391wCkSVMv7ieH2quEihDUOpWymxI12Vh7gtnZJpWRRkajQGZhrU5DnEVkOyhpLJ4MyhZnrBEMhM0FjrLx5bjmikhl6EeyjpMlwkRDM2lfgKMF4e82UaUg1ZFc7JFAt4dFvHRshX9ay0ziCnuwGLvvYhiriew2vF7d0bC18q5oqwZCmSogg2Osr63gAAX1oo9zOjx5pe2ClFHTlr7GlceM6CTR0jz2mYjSI                  .connection.impAuthHub.server.sendMessagename.val, message.val                             .donefunction   message.val name.val                              .failfunction e  alerte                                  .connection.impAuthHub.client.newMessage  function NAME, MESSAGE          alertko.toJSONNAME, MESSAGE         var chat1  new chatNAME, MESSAGE         self.chatMessages.pushchat1         ko.applyBindingsnew viewModel codepre  pand here is my hub class...p  precodeusing ImpAuth.Providers using Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR using System using System.Collections.Generic using System.Linq using System.Web  namespace ImpAuth      public class impAuthHub  Hub              [QueryStringBearerAuthorize]         public void SendMessagestring name, string message                       Clients.All.newMessagename, message                codepre  p...now the problem comes when i try to invoke an authenticated hub class and i get this error p  precodecaller is not authenticated to invove method sendMessage in impAuthHub codepre  pbut then i change this method in QueryStringBearerAuthorizeAttribute class to alway return true like thisp  precodepublic override bool AuthorizeHubMethodInvocationIHubIncomingInvokerContext hubIncomingInvokerContext, bool appliesToMethod                      var connectionId  hubIncomingInvokerContext.Hub.Context.ConnectionId               check the authenticated user principal from environment             var environment  hubIncomingInvokerContext.Hub.Context.Request.Environment             var principal  environment[server.User] as ClaimsPrincipal              if principal  null ampamp principal.Identity  null ampamp principal.Identity.IsAuthenticated                               create a new HubCallerContext instance with the principal generated from token                  and replace the current context so that in hubs we can retrieve current user identity                 hubIncomingInvokerContext.Hub.Context  new HubCallerContextnew ServerRequestenvironment, connectionId                  return true                           return true          codepre  p...it works....WHAT IS THE PROBLEM WITH MY CODE OR IMPLEMENTATIONp
Negative 10594 pI have a SVG file an interactive world map exported from Illustrator, that I include directly into each page of a website.p  pThis map has two shapes for each continent  a full one filled with black, and another one using a pattern a distinct one for each zone, filled with black stripes. When clicking a continent, the full shapes opacity is set to zero so the stripped one is visible instead.p  pMy problem is the stripped zones arent displayed correctly when Im on another URL than the domain root. On Firefox, they are plainly invisible  on Chrome, they are fully filled with black like their counterparts.p  pIm pretty sure it has got to do with the fact Im referencing the stripe patterns by codeurlSVGIDncode once again, it has been generated like this in Illustrator, and I dont really care about optimizing it yet. But since the SVG is directly injected into my page, it should be able to find the referenced patterns no matter the URL. What should I fix in order to make it work on every page p  pThe homepage, where everything works as expected  a hrefhttplesjeteursdencre.fr relnofollowhttplesjeteursdencre.fra Another page, where the bug occurs  a hrefhttplesjeteursdencre.fr2 relnofollowhttplesjeteursdencre.fr2ap  pTo see it, click on the little planet with a pulsating arrow at the bottom, which will unveil the map, then click any continent.p  pHere is a code sample of one occurrence of the issue p  pcodesvg ltg ideuroperayuresgt     ltggt         ltpattern  idSVGID1 xlinkhrefNouveaumotif4 patternTransformmatrix1 0 0 1 45.2388 5gtltpatterngt         ltpath fillurlSVGID1 d... gt     ltggt ltggt codep  pNote  I tested it on Firefox and Chrome both on Linux so far. There may be other unrelated visual issues depending on your browser, please ignore them as my tests are not finished yet.p
Negative 10594 pI want to log the activities when a windows service is started or stopped. How I can do that Is it possible to send email alert, when a service is changed it statep
Negative 10594 pMaking an iOS app that connects to a Cocoa server app on your Mac, like most remote applications or mouse touchpad applications do. I plan to pair them by passing the iOS apps IdentifierForVendor to the Cocoa app.p  pIs there a way I can broadcast connection request from the Cocoa app to the iOS app on the same local network with a given pin you need to enter on the phone to authenticate. Im thinking Bonjour might help somehow... This would work the same way the iTunes app pairs with the iTunes remote app or how bluetooth connections are made.p
Negative 10594 pcode gcc c somefile.ccode compiles without linking and generates the corresponding codesomefile.ocode.p  pIs it possible to compile files in codegcccode without generating any output filep  pI know there are other ways to achieve this but Im curious on whether there is a flag just for emgoing throughem the source code looking for errorswarnings.p
Negative 10594 pIm throwing a new exception in a Java class with some characters that usually get used for regular expressions.p  precode throw new Exception Fake timeout for message.XYZV. fakeApp .. codepre  pIs this Ok Or do I need to escape themp
Negative 10594 pI want to specify a path that is relative to the current directory within CMake and have not been able to find a solution.p  pMy project lies in a path something likep  precodeCProjectsProjectACMakeLists.txt codepre  pand I want to specify the name of the relative path of the following directory using the set commandp  precodeCExternalLibrary codepre  pIn other words, what is that CMake translation of p  precode....ExternalLibrary codepre  pThank you,p
Negative 10594 pCreated table GroupNames with GroupName and Message columnsp  precodedb.execSQL CREATE TABLE GroupNames Id  INTEGER primary key autoincrement, GroupName varchar50,     Message varchar120 codepre  pand i am creating this table and giving groupName value in previous activity, now i want to insert the Message value in corresponding group like p  precodeDbHelper.storeGroupReplyMsgreplyMessage, groupName codepre  pIn databasep  precodepublic static final String KEYREPLYMESSAGE  Message private static final String GROUPNAMESTABLE  GroupNames public static final String KEYGROUPNAME  GroupName     public void storeGroupReplyMsgString replyMessage, String groupName       TODO Autogenerated method stub     ContentValues args  new ContentValues     args.putKEYREPLYMESSAGE, replyMessage     database.updateGROUPNAMESTABLE, args, KEYGROUPNAME    groupName, null  codepre  pwhy i am gerring syntax error while inserting Message p  pMy logcat isp  precode1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612 FATAL EXCEPTION main 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612 android.database.sqlite.SQLiteException near Group syntax error code 1 , while compiling UPDATE GroupNames SET Message WHERE GroupNameGroup 1 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.database.sqlite.SQLiteConnection.nativePrepareStatementNative Method 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.database.sqlite.SQLiteConnection.acquirePreparedStatementSQLiteConnection.java890 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.database.sqlite.SQLiteConnection.prepareSQLiteConnection.java501 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.database.sqlite.SQLiteSession.prepareSQLiteSession.java588 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.database.sqlite.SQLiteProgram.ltinitgtSQLiteProgram.java58 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.database.sqlite.SQLiteStatement.ltinitgtSQLiteStatement.java31 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase.updateWithOnConflictSQLiteDatabase.java1572 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase.updateSQLiteDatabase.java1520 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at com.automessaging.database.ProfilesDatabaseHelper.storeGroupReplyMsgProfilesDatabaseHelper.java218 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at com.automessaging.readContacts.ContactListActivity2.onClickContactListActivity.java115 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.view.View.performClickView.java4421 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java17903 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java730 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5214 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java525 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java739 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java555 1107 111409.196 EAndroidRuntime20612    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre
Negative 10594 pIn Active Record Im running a sort query to display all of my data in descending order on a column called reviewcount.  The problem is that what displays is only one of each item with any given review count.p  pstrongExamplestrongp  ul liPlace 1 10 Reviewsli liPlace 2 10 Reviewsli liPlace 3 10 Reviewsli liPlace 4 3 Reviewsli liPlace 5 2 Reviewsli liPlace 6 2 Reviewsli ul  pRunning this query codeDestination.groupreviewcount.orderreviewcount DESCcode, the resulting output would bep  ul liPlace 1 10 Reviewsli liPlace 4 3 Reviewsli liPlace 5 2 Reviewsli ul  pHow can I show all ordered values, instead of only distinct valuesp
Negative 10594 pIm using getUserMedia to take pictures using my computers camera and I need to do a check to determine if the computers camera is on before continuing through my application.  p  pIs there a way to determine if my computers camera is on using javascriptp
Negative 10594 pSetting up an application using ASP.NET MVC I wondered if the term MVC actually covers the application framework. I thought about WPF and MVVM wich clearly states the use of a ViewModel which MVC does not. By usingp  ul liA Domain model entitiesli liControllersli liViewModels andli liViewsli ul  pI think strongMstrongodel strongCstrongontroller strongVMstrongViewModel strongVstrongiew strongMCVMVstrong is a more accurate description of the framework. Although I believe some people skip the use of a ViewModel which I actually find very usefull. What are your considerations about thisp
Negative 10594 pI want to make the textbox automatically set the maximum value when the user put the value above the maximum value. Example min is 0 and max is 255. When user put 999 in the textbox, it automatically set to 255 as the max value. When user put 11 on textbox, it automatically set to 0 as the min value. You can see the gif animation below how it should workp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com93Tqg.gif althttpi.stack.imgur.com93Tqg.gifp  pI had tried codeif elsecode statement but it could not convert string to codeintcode.p
Negative 10594 pI am writing a code for a crypto method to compute xd modulo n using Repeated Squaringp  precodepublic static long repeatedSquaringlong x, long d, long n         x  xn         boolean dj  d  2  1         long c  dj  x  1          d  d  2         while d gt 0             dj  d  2  1             x  x  x  n Here             if dj                 c  c  x  n and here..             d  d  2                  return c      codepre  pThis code work fine when codencode is small. But with coden gt sqrtLong.MAXVALUEcodeit gives an unexpected result. Because with codex  ncode, we can have codexx gt Long.MAXVALUEcode and then the modulo operator give an incorrect value assign to codexcode or codeccode.br So, my question is, how we can compute  A  B  N all are codelongcode type using only math related method.br  I dont want to use BigInteger codeBigA.multiplyBigB.remainderBigNcode or we can use codeBigX.modPowBigD, BigNcode directly for the big problem.br I think that a normal computing will run faster than String computing Morever with my problem, all temp values are codelongcode type enough. br And I wonder that the solution will work fine with the worst case codeA, B, N lt Long.MAXVALUEcode.brp
Negative 10594 pWhen using data type List byte we receive a Insuffient resources message on a single message over 110k. If we change the data type to byte array we can go 1 MB without issue. We would prefer to use List lt byte as they are images of various sizes. This occures with no load on the server and a single message sent. It works as expected if the size is below 110k.p  pMSMQ on Server 2008R2p
Negative 10594 pHow to invoke Scanner from php script and scan document and then upload scanned document to server p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to use a cursor to return the most recently added entry into a database. I get the error in the title when I send the following codep  precode    SQLiteDatabase db getReadableDatabase     String sql  SELECT  FROM SPORTSTABLENAME ORDER BY Sportid DESC LIMIT 1     Cursor cursor  db.rawQuerysql, null     db.close     return cursor.getInt0 codepre  pAny ideasp
Negative 10594 pI have C applications that will run on multiple machines at different sites.p  pNow I want to control and monitor these C applications. For that I am thinking about Java Web Application using ServletJSP.p  pI am thinking that C applications will connect to Java Web application over TCP. In my web application, I am thinking to implement manager which communicates with C applications over TCP. I will start manager when web application starts as separate thread. And manager will communicate to servlet requests via Context and Session. So whenever user do something on browser, I want to use functionalities of my manager at server, with ServetContext an Session as interface.p  pSo this is what I am thinking. So, I want to know if there is better approach, or I am doing anything wrong Can anyone please suggest me better solutionp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pCurrent workflow whenever I need to start  stop C application, I have to SSH remote machine puTTY terminal, type long commands, and start  stop it. Whenever there is some issue, I have to scroll long long log files. There couple of other things like live status of what application is doingprocessing all things at every second, that I cant log always in log file.p  pSo I find these workflow difficult. And things like live status I cant monitor.p  pNow I want to have web application interface to it. I can modify my C application and implement web application from scratch.p  pNew Workflow to implement I want to start  stop C application from web page. I want to view logs and live status reports  live graphs on web page monitoring what C application is doing. I want to monitor machine status also on web page.p  pThe web interface I thinking to design in Java using JSPservlets.p  pSo, I will modify my C application so it can communicate with with web application.p  pstrongQuestionstrongp  pJust need guidelines  best practices for making new workflow.p  pstrongEDIT 2strongp  pemSorry for confusion between strongcontrollerstrong or strongmanagerstrong. Both are same thing.emp  pMy thoughts System will consist of C applications running at different sites, Java controller and Java web app running parallely in Tomcat server, and DB.p  p1 C applications will connect to controller over TCP. So, controller here becomes server and C applications client.p  p2 C applications will be multithreaded, will receive tasks from controller and spawns new thread to perform that task. When controller tells to stop task, C application will stop thread of that task. Additionally, C applications will send work progress logs strongevery secondstrong to controller.p  p3 Controller receives task commands from web application as both running parallelly in Tomcat server, both in same instance on JVM, and web application will receive commands from user over HTTP.p  p4 The work progress logs received every second from C applications to controller, controller will then insert logs in DB for later analysis need to consider if it is good insert logs in MySQL RDBMS, may be needed to do lot of inserts, may be 100 or 1000 every second, forever. Web application may also request recent 5 minute logs from controller and send to user over HTTP. If user is monitoring logs, then web application will have to retrieve logs every second from controller and send to user over HTTP.p  p5 User monitoring C application tasks, will see progress in graph, updated every second. Additionally text lines of logs of infoerror events that may happen occasionally in C applications. p  p6 C applications will be per machine, which will execute any task user sends from web browser. C applications will be running as service in machine, which will start on machine startup, will connect to server, and will stay connected to server forever. Can be running idle if no tasks to perform.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to filter the RadGrid [GrdUrl] using a RadComboBox [CmbLstSel] which is inside CommandItemTemplate. The RadComboBox has CheckBoxes enable and user can select multiple checkboxes. The RadGrid needs to be selected based on the multiple selection [DataValueFieldlstid]. How can I do thatp  h2ASPXh2  precodelttelerikRadGrid IDGrdUrl runatserver GridLinesNone AllowSortingtrue AllowPagingtrue PageSize50     AllowFilteringByColumntrue AutoGenerateColumnsFalse AllowMultiRowSelectiontrue AllowMultiRowEdittrue     AllowAutomaticInsertsTrue AllowAutomaticUpdatesTrue AllowAutomaticDeletesTrue      DataSourceIDSqlUrl Width100gt     ltSortingSettings SortToolTipgt     ltFilterItemStyle Width100gtltFilterItemStylegt     ltGroupingSettings CaseSensitivefalsegtltGroupingSettingsgt     ltPagerStyle AlwaysVisibletrue ModeNextPrevAndNumericgt     ltMasterTableView DataKeyNamesurlid CommandItemDisplayTop EditModeInPlace InsertItemPageIndexActionShowItemOnCurrentPage         GroupLoadModeClient GroupsDefaultExpandedtrue TableLayoutFixed Width100gt         ltGroupByExpressionsgt             lttelerikGridGroupByExpressiongt                 ltSelectFieldsgt                     lttelerikGridGroupByField FieldNamelstnamegtlttelerikGridGroupByFieldgt                     lttelerikGridGroupByField FieldNamelstsortgtlttelerikGridGroupByFieldgt                 ltSelectFieldsgt                 ltGroupByFieldsgt                     lttelerikGridGroupByField FieldNamelstsort SortOrderAscendinggtlttelerikGridGroupByFieldgt                     lttelerikGridGroupByField FieldNamelstname SortOrderAscendinggtlttelerikGridGroupByFieldgt                 ltGroupByFieldsgt             lttelerikGridGroupByExpressiongt         ltGroupByExpressionsgt         ltCommandItemTemplategt         ltdiv idDivTlbFixedgt             lttelerikRadToolBar IDTlbUrl runatserver EnableImageSpritestrue                 OnButtonClickCsTlbClick OnClientButtonClickingjsTlbUrlgt                 ltItemsgt                     lttelerikRadToolBarButton CommandNameToggle PostBackfalse ToolTipExpandCollapse Folders                         CssClassBtnToggleN HoveredCssClassBtnToggleH                         CheckOnClicktrue AllowSelfUnChecktrue GroupTgt                     lttelerikRadToolBarButtongt                      lttelerikRadToolBarButton CommandNameClear PostBackfalse ToolTipClear Website Selection                         CssClassBtnClearN HoveredCssClassBtnClearHgt                     lttelerikRadToolBarButtongt                 ltItemsgt             lttelerikRadToolBargt             lttelerikRadComboBox IDCmbLstSel runatserver DataTextFieldlstname CheckBoxestrue                 DataValueFieldlstid AutoPostBackTrue EnableCheckAllItemsCheckBoxtrue                  DataSourceIDSqlLst Width20gt                 ltItemsgt                     lttelerikRadComboBoxItem TextAll Value SelectedtruegtlttelerikRadComboBoxItemgt                 ltItemsgt             lttelerikRadComboBoxgt          ltdivgt         ltCommandItemTemplategt         ltColumnsgt             lttelerikGridBoundColumn DataFieldlstid HeaderTextFolder ID SortExpressionlstid                  UniqueNamelstid Displayfalsegt                 ltHeaderStyle HorizontalAlignLeft Width1gt                 ltItemStyle HorizontalAlignLeft Width1gt             lttelerikGridBoundColumngt             lttelerikGridBoundColumn DataFieldlstname HeaderTextFolder Name SortExpressionlstname                  UniqueNamelstname Displayfalsegt                 ltHeaderStyle HorizontalAlignLeft Width1gt                 ltItemStyle HorizontalAlignLeft Wrapfalse Width1gt             lttelerikGridBoundColumngt             lttelerikGridTemplateColumn DataFieldurlname HeaderTextWebsite Name SortExpressionurlname                  UniqueNameurlname AutoPostBackOnFiltertrue CurrentFilterFunctionContains                  ShowFilterIconfalse FilterControlWidth100gt                 ltHeaderStyle HorizontalAlignLeft Width25gt                 ltItemStyle HorizontalAlignLeft Width25gt                 ltItemTemplategt                     ltaspHyperLink IDHypurlname runatserver Targetblank FontUnderlinefalse                         NavigateUrllt Evalurladdress gtgtlt Evalurlname gt                     ltaspHyperLinkgt                 ltItemTemplategt                 ltEditItemTemplategt                     lttelerikRadTextBox runatserver IDGceurlname MaxLength128                          Text  lt Bindurlname gt Width100gt                     lttelerikRadTextBoxgt                 ltEditItemTemplategt             lttelerikGridTemplateColumngt             lttelerikGridTemplateColumn DataFieldurladdress HeaderTextWebsite Address SortExpressionurladdress                  UniqueNameurladdress AutoPostBackOnFiltertrue CurrentFilterFunctionContains                  ShowFilterIconfalse FilterControlWidth100gt                 ltHeaderStyle HorizontalAlignLeft Width47gt                 ltItemStyle HorizontalAlignLeft Width47gt                 ltItemTemplategt                     ltaspHyperLink IDHypurladdress runatserver Targetblank FontUnderlinefalse                         NavigateUrllt Evalurladdress gtgtlt Evalurladdressgt                     ltaspHyperLinkgt                 ltItemTemplategt             lttelerikGridTemplateColumngt             lttelerikGridEditCommandColumn UniqueNameBtnEdit ButtonTypeImageButton EditTextEdit HeaderTextEditgt                 ltHeaderStyle HorizontalAlignCenter Width7gt                 ltItemStyle HorizontalAlignCenter Width7gt             lttelerikGridEditCommandColumngt             lttelerikGridButtonColumn CommandNameDelete UniqueNameBtnDelete ButtonTypeImageButton TextDelete                 ConfirmDialogTypeRadWindow ConfirmTitleDelete ConfirmTextDelete the selected websitess You cannot UNDO the operation.gt                 ltHeaderStyle HorizontalAlignCenter Width4gt                 ltItemStyle HorizontalAlignCenter Width4gt             lttelerikGridButtonColumngt         ltColumnsgt     ltMasterTableViewgt     ltClientSettings AllowRowsDragDroptrue AllowColumnsReorderfalse AllowKeyboardNavigationfalse             AllowGroupExpandCollapsetrue AllowDragToGroupfalsegt         ltSelecting AllowRowSelecttrue EnableDragToSelectRowstruegt         ltResizing AllowRowResizetrue AllowColumnResizetrue AllowResizeToFittrue EnableRealTimeResizetrue              ResizeGridOnColumnResizefalse ShowRowIndicatorColumnfalse ClipCellContentOnResizefalsegt         ltScrolling AllowScrollfalse SaveScrollPositiontruegt         ltKeyboardNavigationSettings AllowSubmitOnEntertruegt         ltClientEvents OnRowDblClickjsRowDblClick OnRowDroppingonRowDroppinggt     ltClientSettingsgt lttelerikRadGridgt  ltaspSqlDataSource IDSqlUrl runatserver OnInsertingCsSqlInserting OnSelectingCsSqlSelecting ConnectionStringlt ConnectionStringsConStr gt      DeleteCommandDELETE FROM [tUrls] WHERE [urlid]  urlid      InsertCommandINSERT INTO [tUrls] [urlid], [usrid], [lstid], [urlisOpen], [urlname], [urladdress], [urlsort]                     VALUES NEWID, usrid, lstid, urlisOpen, urlname, urladdress, urlsort      SelectCommandSELECT b.[lstid], b.[lstname], b.[lstsort], a.[urlid], a.[urlisOpen], a.[urlname], a.[urladdress], a.[urlsort]                     FROM SELECT  FROM [tUrls] WHERE [usrid]  usrid a                     INNER JOIN                     SELECT  FROM [tLists] WHERE [usrid]  usrid AND [lsttype] IN a, lsttypefilter b                     ON a.[lstid]  b.[lstid]                     ORDER BY b.[lstsort] ASC, a.[urlsort] ASC, a.[urldate] DESC     UpdateCommandUPDATE [tUrls] SET [lstid]  lstid, [urlisOpen]  urlisOpen, [urlname]  urlname,                     [urladdress]  urladdress, [urlsort]  urlsort WHERE [urlid]  urlidgt     ltInsertParametersgt         ltaspParameter Nameusridgt         ltaspParameter Namelstidgt         ltaspParameter NameurlisOpen TypeBoolean DefaultValuetruegt         ltaspParameter Nameurlname TypeStringgt         ltaspParameter Nameurladdress TypeStringgt         ltaspParameter Nameurlsort TypeByte DefaultValue1gt     ltInsertParametersgt     ltSelectParametersgt         ltaspParameter Nameusridgt         ltaspParameter Namelsttypefilter TypeString DefaultValuezgt     ltSelectParametersgt     ltUpdateParametersgt         ltaspParameter Namelstidgt         ltaspParameter NameurlisOpen TypeBooleangt         ltaspParameter Nameurlname TypeStringgt         ltaspParameter Nameurladdress TypeStringgt         ltaspParameter Nameurlsort TypeBytegt     ltUpdateParametersgt     ltDeleteParametersgt         ltaspParameter Nameurlidgt     ltDeleteParametersgt ltaspSqlDataSourcegt  ltaspSqlDataSource IDSqlLst runatserver OnSelectingCsSqlSelectingCmb ConnectionStringlt ConnectionStringsConStr gt     SelectCommandSELECT [lstid], [lstname]                     FROM [tLists]                     WHERE [usrid]  usrid                     ORDER BY [lstsort]gt     ltSelectParametersgt         ltaspParameter Nameusridgt     ltSelectParametersgt ltaspSqlDataSourcegt codepre  h2Ch2  precode    protected void PageLoadobject s, EventArgs e              isAuth  HttpContext.Current.User.Identity.IsAuthenticated          SqlUrl.SelectCommand  SELECT b.[lstid], b.[lstname], b.[lstsort], a.[urlid], a.[urlisOpen], a.[urlname], a.[urladdress], a.[urlsort]                                   FROM SELECT  FROM [tUrls] WHERE [usrid]  usrid a                                   INNER JOIN                                   SELECT  FROM [tLists] WHERE [usrid]  usrid AND [lsttype] IN a, lsttypefilter b                                   ON a.[lstid]  b.[lstid]                                   ORDER BY b.[lstsort] ASC, a.[urlsort] ASC, a.[urldate] DESC            protected void CsTlbClickobject s, RadToolBarEventArgs e                protected void CsSqlInsertingobject s, SqlDataSourceCommandEventArgs e              if isAuth                      e.Command.Parameters[usrid].Value  Membership.GetUserHttpContext.Current.User.Identity.Name.ProviderUserKey                  else                      e.Command.Parameters[usrid].Value  Guid.Empty                    protected void CsSqlSelectingobject s, SqlDataSourceCommandEventArgs e                e.Command.Parameters[usrid].Value  Membership.GetUserHttpContext.Current.User.Identity.Name.ProviderUserKey          e.Command.Parameters[lsttypefilter].Value  Session[lsttype]  null ampamp Session[lsttype].ToString    Session[lsttype].ToString  z           protected void CsSqlSelectingCmbobject s, SqlDataSourceCommandEventArgs e               e.Command.Parameters[usrid].Value  Membership.GetUserHttpContext.Current.User.Identity.Name.ProviderUserKey       codepre
Negative 10594 pI have some problem with Oracle database. Before it works like that, if INDX[Counter].dbf file reach its maximum size 8GB Oracle automatically created new datafile INDX[Counter1].dbf. But on server wasnt enough size to create new datafile. I increased space on server, I created new datafile manuallyp  precodeALTER TABLESPACE INDX2 ADD DATAFILE Doracleproduct10.2.0oradataprofiINDX18.DBF  SIZE 4M AUTOEXTEND ON NEXT 4M MAXSIZE 8G codepre  pRight now after INDX18.dbf reach 8GB Oracle wasnt create new datafile automatically. I had to add new datafile manually. How to set Oracle database to auto create new data file after reach maximum size of single datafilep  pBest regardsp
Negative 10594 pMy page is composed of a table in which each cell is a form. I want those forms to submit when I change the value of the input onchange but I dont want the whole page to refresh when I do it.p  pFor example, I want the user to be able to enter a value in one cell and then TAB to the next cell whithout losing focus when the first form the first cell they filled is submitted.p  pI have read quite a few pages on the web about this, but none fit my needs since I have one more constraint. The forms my table is made of, are generated via Django so they all have the same id. So I cant use the id to select the form from inside the javascript.p  pI have been trying to use this.form or event.form or this.form but to no avail.p  pHere is what those forms look like p  precodeltform action methodPOST idprogressformgt  csrftoken  ltinput typenumber idpercentcell namepercentdone min0 max100 onchangeprogressChangeevent placeholder dprogtask.id gtampnbsp ltinput typehidden idpercentcell2 nametask value task.id gt ltinput typehidden idpercentcell3 namedate value ddatedmY gt ltinput typehidden idpercentcell4 nameupdateprogress valueTruegt ltinput typehidden idpercentcell5 nametab valuetrackgt ltformgt codepre  pAnd here is what my script looks like p  precodefunction progressChangee          var form  e.form         var dataString  form.serialize         alertdataString         .ajax             type POST,             url form.attr action ,             data dataString,             success function                  alertprout             ,               codepre
Negative 10594 pIs it possible to implement something like next chaining using RxJavap  precodeloginObservable    .then someData gt         returns another ObservableltTgt with some long operation       return fetchUserDataObservablesomeData     .then userData gt         it should be called when fetching user data completed with userData of type T       cacheUserDatauserData     .then userData gt         it should be called after all previous operations completed       displayUserData     .doOnError error gt        do something     codepre  pI found this library very interesting, but cant figure our how to chain requests where each other depends on previous.p
Negative 10594 pI have the following specifications of an ARM based SoCp  ul liL1 Data cache  32 KB, 64 Bline, 2WAY, LRUli liL2 Cache  1 MB, 64 Bline, 16WAYli liL1 Data TLB for loads 32 entries, fully associativeli liL2 Data TLB 512 entries, 4WAYli liPDE Cache 16 entries one entry per 1 MB of virtual spaceli ul  pAnd I wonder what is the PDE cache I guess its something similar to TLB, but Im not sure.p  pstrongAnswerstrongbr It seems that PDE Page Directory Entry is a hrefhttpinfocenter.arm.comhelptopiccom.arm.doc.ddi0438iBIIBBADA.html relnofollowIntermediate table walk cachea which indeed can be implemented separately from TLB.p  blockquote   pThe CortexA15 MPCore processor implements dedicated caches that store intermediate levels of translation table entries as part of a table walk.p blockquote
Negative 10594 pIm trying to convert some C objects to Java objects. But Im having a weird issue and I cant find out why its happening.p  pWhat Im doing is getting a list of C objects, create Java objects from it and add it to an ArrayList.p  pIt used to work well until I add a new String getCoordinates in my C object. Since then, it doesnt work anymore.p  pHere is my code p  precode    jobject convertCPPTripsToJobjectv2JNIEnv env, stdlistltTripgt tripscpp        create an ArrayList     jclass clsArrayList  envgtFindClassjavautilArrayList     jmethodID methodIdInitArray  envgtGetMethodIDclsArrayList, ltinitgt, V     jobject listTrips  envgtNewObjectclsArrayList, methodIdInitArray      if clsArrayList  0           we get the id of the add method from the ArrayList         jmethodID midArrayListAdd  envgtGetMethodIDclsArrayList, add, LjavalangObjectZ         if midArrayListAdd  0               create different Java object from the cpp list              for auto tripcpp  tripscpp                   create a ParcourGreen object                 jclass clsParcour  envgtFindClassnetpompocgreenuimodeleParcourGreen                 jmethodID methodIdInitParcour  envgtGetMethodIDclsParcour, ltinitgt, IILjavalangStringLjavalangStringFZLjavalangStringV                  jobject parcour  envgtNewObjectclsParcour, methodIdInitParcour,                     tripcpp.getId,                     tripcpp.getType,                     envgtNewStringUTFtripcpp.getStartDate.cstr,                     envgtNewStringUTFtripcpp.getEndDate.cstr,                     tripcpp.getSteps,                     tripcpp.getIsPostProcessed  JNITRUE  JNIFALSE,                     envgtNewStringUTFtripcpp.getCoordinates.cstr                                       envgtCallBooleanMethodlistTrips, midArrayListAdd, parcour                                 return listTrips  codepre  pAnd I get the error  p  precodeInvalid indirect reference 0x00000000 in decodeIndirectRef codepre  pIt wasnt exactly 0x00000000 of coursep  pAny help would be greatly appreciated p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pHere is a bit more of my error message p  precode    1124 162044.863 Wdalvikvm16337 Invalid indirect reference 0xbea54328 in decodeIndirectRef     1124 162044.863 Idalvikvm16337 main prio5 tid1 RUNNABLE     1124 162044.863 Idalvikvm16337    groupmain sCount0 dsCount0 obj0x41835ea0 self0x417304c8     1124 162044.863 Idalvikvm16337    sysTid16337 nice0 sched00 cgrpapps handle1074065748     1124 162044.863 Idalvikvm16337    stateR schedstat 0 0 0  utm100 stm42 core0     1124 162044.863 Idalvikvm16337   at net.pompoc.greenui.modele.ParcourGreen.ltinitgtParcourGreen.java1     1124 162436.289 Edalvikvm19526 VM aborting     1124 162436.289 Alibc19526 Fatal signal 6 SIGABRT at 0x00004c46 code6, thread 19526 com.greenui codepre  pstrongEDIT 2strongp  pAfter further investigations, it appears that this seems to be the cause of all my troubles p  precodejobject parcour  envgtNewObjectclsParcour, methodIdInitParcour,                 tripcpp.getId,                 tripcpp.getType,                 envgtNewStringUTFtripcpp.getStartDate.cstr,                 envgtNewStringUTFtripcpp.getEndDate.cstr,                 tripcpp.getSteps,                 tripcpp.getIsPostProcessed  JNITRUE  JNIFALSE,                 gt envgtNewStringUTFtripcpp.getCoordinates.cstr lt              codepre  pWithout this line, it works. With it, it doesnt.p
Negative 10594 pI have been tasked with copying s3 objects from one bucket to another. The bucket contains millions of objects. The object should only be physically copied if either of two conditions are met.    p  pThe object does not exist in the target bucket or The object in the source bucket has changed and no longer is identical to its counterpart in the destination bucket.   p  pI am using the 1.5.3 version of the AWS SDK for .NET and I cannot change versions.    p
Negative 10594 pIm using following scopes to get the google authorization and also the access token in my database.p  ul lipa hrefhttpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.me relnofollowhttpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.mea pli lipa hrefhttpswww.googleapis.comauthtasks relnofollowhttpswww.googleapis.comauthtasksa pli lipa hrefhttpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.stream.read relnofollowhttpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.stream.readapli lipa hrefhttpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.profile.emails.read relnofollowhttpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.profile.emails.readapli ul  pHow to enable offline authorization box again  for the same client id and client secret. Can someone please suggest which scope is used to get offline accessp
Negative 10594 pBy no means am I a JackonJSON wizard, which is probably evident from the following issue Im running intop  pI have 2 possible data structures Im receiving. The first one is called amountTransactionp  precode   amountTransaction      clientCorrelator54321,     endUserIdtel16309700001     codepre  pWhich is represented by the following Java objectp  precodeJsonIgnorePropertiesignoreUnknown  true JsonTypeInfouse  JsonTypeInfo.Id.NAME, include  JsonTypeInfo.As.WRAPPEROBJECT JsonTypeNamevalue  amountTransaction JsonIncludeJsonInclude.Include.NONNULL public class AmountTransaction    private String clientCorrelator   private String endUserId   ...  codepre  pHowever the amountTransaction object also appears as child element of the paymentTransactionNotification objectp  precode   paymentTransactionNotification      amountTransaction        clientCorrelator 54321,       endUserId tel16309700001          codepre  p..which I thought would be represented byp  precodeJsonIgnorePropertiesignoreUnknown  true JsonTypeInfouse  JsonTypeInfo.Id.NAME, include  JsonTypeInfo.As.WRAPPEROBJECT JsonTypeNamevalue  paymentTransactionNotification JsonIncludeJsonInclude.Include.NONNULL public class PaymentTransactionNotification    private AmountTransaction amountTransaction   ...  codepre  pParsing the JSON with the amountTransaction object alone works fine. Its a pretty straightforward example of a WRAPPEROBJECT.p  pHowever when trying to parse the JSON for the paymentTransactionNotification, Im getting an exception indicating that it cant properly deal with the amountTransaction as element of the paymentTransactionNotificationp  precodecom.fasterxml.jackson.databind.JsonMappingException Could not resolve type id clientCorrelator into a subtype of [simple type, class com.sf.oneapi.pojos.AmountTransaction] codepre  pAny thoughts on how I can properly annotate this so my code can properly deal with both stand alone, as well as encapsulated amountTransaction objectsp
Negative 10594 pWe are using the HSMHardware Security Module for the signing and encryption from our java application.  We have plugged the HSM to our JVM using the java.security property file using the following entryp  precodesecurity.provider.11sun.security.pkcs11.SunPKCS11 Dsecuritysafenet.cfg codepre  pIt was working fine all these days and suddenly we encountered a error as follows.p  precodejava.security.SignatureException RSASignatureengineSign sun.security.pkcs11.P11KeyP11PrivateKey cannot be cast to java.security.interfaces.RSAPrivateKey codepre  pWe did the enough searching on google but not able to identify the root cause. p  pAppreciate any helpp  pThanks p
Negative 10594 pI am able to use the following code to extract one of the artist of all the artists in the list.p  precodeprint data[topartists][artist][0][name] codepre  pNow i would like the print to return all the artists names. p  pI would assume using forp  precodefor i in data     print data[topartists][artist][i][name] codepre  pHowever this results in the error codeTypeError list indices must be integers, not unicodecodep  pWhat should i add to print all the artistsp
Negative 10594 pIm experiencing a problem with the Kendo Datepicker inside the Kendo Tabstrip. Below is my code. At runtime I get a Error Invalid template error. Any ideas as to how to go about getting this to workp  precodeltscript idEditDevelopmentPlanTemplate typetextkendotmplgt Html.Kendo.TabStrip     .NameEditDevelopmentPlanTabStrip     .SelectedIndex0     .Animationanimation gt animation.Openopen gt open.FadeFadeDirection.In     .Itemsitems gt              items.Add.TextQuarterly Meeting Notes.Contentlttextgt             ltdiv classeditorlabelgt                 Html.LabelForm gt m.EDPQ1MeetingNotes, new  style  width470px              ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorfieldgt                 Html.TextAreaForm gt m.EDPQ1MeetingNotes, new  style  width 470px              ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorlabelgt                 Html.LabelForm gt m.EDPQ1MeetingDate             ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorlabelgt                 Html.Kendo.DatePickerForm gt m.EDPQ1MeetingDate             ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorlabelgt                 Html.LabelForm gt m.EDPQ2MeetingNotes, new  style  width470px              ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorfieldgt                 Html.TextAreaForm gt m.EDPQ2MeetingNotes, new  style  width 470px              ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorlabelgt                 Html.LabelForm gt m.EDPQ2MeetingDate             ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorlabelgt                 Html.LabelForm gt m.EDPQ3MeetingNotes, new  style  width470px              ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorfieldgt                 Html.TextAreaForm gt m.EDPQ3MeetingNotes, new  style  width 470px              ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorlabelgt                 Html.LabelForm gt m.EDPQ3MeetingDate             ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorlabelgt                 Html.LabelForm gt m.EDPQ4MeetingNotes, new  style  width470px              ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorfieldgt                 Html.TextAreaForm gt m.EDPQ4MeetingNotes, new  style  width 470px              ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorlabelgt                 Html.LabelForm gt m.EDPQ4MeetingDate             ltdivgt         lttextgt     .ToClientTemplate ltscriptgt                     codepre
Negative 10594 pI am using strongfacebook php sdk 4.0strong and I want to strongfetch all user album photos without user access tokenstrong. I dont want user to log in to get access token..Is that possible p
Negative 10594 pIm developing some android application which must print via bluetooth Zebra printer and on several devices appears to me this exceptionp  precode1126 123700.399 WSystem.err17850 com.zebra.sdk.comm.ConnectionException Could not connect to device [JSR82] connect Connection is not created failed or aborted. 1126 123700.400 WSystem.err17850    at com.zebra.sdk.comm.ConnectionA.openUnknown Source 1126 123700.401 WSystem.err17850    at com.zebra.sdk.comm.BluetoothConnection.openUnknown Source 1126 123700.403 WSystem.err17850    at hr.ipc.ipcprinttest.Main2.runMain.java104 1126 123700.404 WSystem.err17850    at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java838 codepre  pHere is an example of code which I usep  precodepublic class Main extends Activity       String theBtMacAddress  00037A67EE08      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.main           public void onClickView v         switch v.getId          case R.id.button1             sendCpclOverBluetooththeBtMacAddress             break                    private void sendCpclOverBluetoothfinal String theBtMacAddress           new Threadnew Runnable              public void run                  try                       Connection thePrinterConn  new BluetoothConnectionInsecuretheBtMacAddress                      Looper.prepare                      thePrinterConn.open                       String cpclData   0 200 200 260 1rn                              TONE 0                              SPEED 3rn                              PREFEED 0rn                                TEXT 11 0 0 0   Print testrn                              LINE 0 33 350 33 3rn                              TEXT 11 0 0 48   Baterija 1rn                              TEXT 11 0 0 76   Datum 26. studenoga 2014 090734rn                              TEXT 11 0 0 104   Model ureaja Lenovo Lenovo A5500HVrn                              TEXT 11 0 0 132   abc][rn                              TEXT 11 0 0 160   Print testrn                              PRINTrn                      thePrinterConn.writecpclData.getBytes                      Thread.sleep500                      thePrinterConn.close                      Looper.myLooper.quit                   catch Exception e                      e.printStackTrace                                       .start       codepre  pIve tried everything and still have not managed to find a concrete solution. If there is when any solution to this problem I would ask you to help me. Thank you and best regardsp
Negative 10594 pI want to find the missing batchNo group by each category  I try this and it work but I get all the missing number for all categories  how to group by the data p  precode CREATE TABLE tmp  BatchNo INT, Category VARCHAR15     INSERT INTO tmp     SELECT 94, A01     UNION ALL     SELECT 97, A01     UNION ALL     SELECT 100, A02     UNION ALL     SELECT 105, A02 codepre  hr  precode  declare valmax INT, valmin INT, i INT    select valmaxmaxBatchNo from tmp   select valminminBatchNo from tmp     set ivalmin   while iltvalmax begin     if not existsselect  from tmp where BatchNoi begin           SELECT i, Category FROM tmp GROUP BY Category          SELECT i      end     set ii1   end codepre  pthe out put shold be like p  precode95      A01 96      A01  101     A02 102     A02 103     A02 104     A02 codepre
Negative 10594 pWhen I convert thisp  precodetime.structtimetmyear2014, tmmon11, tmmday30, tmhour4, tmmin50, tmsec8, tmwday6, tmyday334, tmisdst0 codepre  pinto a JSON object, it throws an error saying it cant serialize it. I didnt find an answer how to do this. How can I do itp
Negative 10594 pI have a table element p  precodelttable idpostcontablesuccess classtable tablehovergt lttablegt codepre  pand I am inserting rows dynamically in the tablep  precodepostConTable  lttrgtlttdgtltinput idvalue.processIddetails typebutton classbtn btnprimary viewdetails valueView Details gtlttdgtlttrgt postcontablesuccess.appendpostConTable  codepre  phere button has id as dynamic variable processID followed by value eg.230002details, where 230002 is processID.p  pNow I am clicking the button p  precodepostcontablerunning.onclick,.viewdetails, function        console.logthis.id    myModal.modalshow  codepre  pwhich is calling the jquery function and the log is getting printed  230002detailsp  pBut its not showing the modal which is in the body tag.p  precodeltbody idfixedbody dataspyscroll datatarget.bsdocssidebargt    ltdiv idmastercontainer classcontainerfluidgt       ltdiv idmyModal classmodal hide fade tabindex1 ariahiddentruegt          ltdiv classmodalheadergt             lth3 idmyModalLabelgtPlease waitlth3gt          ltdivgt          ltdiv classmodalbodygt             ltpgtWe are fetching dataltpgt          ltdivgt       ltdivgt codepre  pPlease help.p  pTo ADD when I create my modal in the parent tag of postcontablerunning, it is working. But I cant do it that way because I want to implement same functionaliy from various buttons in various other divs.p
Negative 10594 pBeing new to PowerShell, I have this script which works when using switch. I tried to get it to work using while but it exits whether the value is 1 or 0.p  pLooking at the script below, could someone point out to me where I am going wrongp  pYour help is appreciated.p  precodecls ImportModule Name ActiveDirectory ADpath  OUOU1,DCDC1,DCDC2,DCDC3 i  0  function yaynay     i  ReadHost nSearch again.. Y tOR N     switch Regex i.ToUpper         Yesi eq 1         default i eq 0          getpssession  removepssession   function TableFormat     x1labelFull NameExpression.namewidth20,     labelLogin NameExpression.samaccountnamewidth15,     labelOUExpression.DistinguishedName split ,4[3] split ,,2[0]width15     ADusr  FormatTable x1   function getOut     WriteHost AD Search will now exit     exit   function ADUwrite      WriteOutput n Cannot find user  InputUsr   while i lt 1      InputUsr  ReadHost Enter One or More Letters To Search For User     InputUsr1  InputUsr      ifInputUsr eq          write n No Search Criteria Entered... Exiting AD User Search         exit           InputUsr  InputUsr      if[string]InputUsr1 contains          InputUsr  InputUsr.ReplaceInputUsr, InputUsr1           ADusr  GetADUser Filter name like InputUsr SearchBase ADpath     xADusr.name.length      ifx gt 0         TableFormat          else         InputUsr  InputUsr1.ToUpper         ADUwrite InputUsr           yaynayi     ifi  1         GetOut           GetPSSession  RemovePSSession  codepre
Negative 10594 pI have jenkins master installed on linux. Have added windows slave using launch slave agent via java web start and updated service log on user with the same user i am using to mount CIFS on windows slave.  When I run the project I am getting below error.p  blockquote   p19Project  error PRJ0002  Error result 31 returned from cProgram Files x86Microsoft Visual Studio 8VCbinmt.exe.p blockquote  pIf I use local drive instead of CIFS then its working fine.p  pAnyone can help herep
Negative 10594 pI am not even sure where to start with achieving this function using PHP, as I am not too familiar with the date function.  I searched a bit on the internet and did not find anything for this except for excel formulas, which obviously do not help.  Thank you so much in advancep
Negative 10594 pI am porting a web server from an hosting one to a private one on Centos and I am tryng to attune each thing. Now I am trying to send email by mail I managed to do it by tweacking a bit with the configuration, but when the message is shown on the client it shows the html source instead of displaying it. The source of the message, a part of which I am reporting at the bottom, seems fine what could it bep  precodePHPOriginatingScript 500mailListItInarrivo.php From infoinarrivo.net ReplyTo infoinarrivo.net ContentType multipartalternative boundaryPHPaltac65ac6e336bbb702036bb1b60fa2bc6  PHPaltac65ac6e336bbb702036bb1b60fa2bc6 ContentType textplain charsetiso88591 ContentTransferEncoding 7bit ContentType texthtml charsetiso88591 ContentTransferEncoding 7bit ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 StrictEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1   strict.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltheadgt codepre  pAs you may see, the html part lacks the PHPalt531031ef9065eeb8948b4338f95fdd14 section. But this is even funnier as the php script is the same as the old one and the command is presentp  precodePHPaltltphp echo randomhash gt  ContentType textplain charsetiso88591 ContentTransferEncoding 7bit ltphp echo greeting gt ltphp echo content gt PHPaltltphp echo randomhash gt  ContentType texthtml charsetiso88591 ContentTransferEncoding 7bit ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 StrictEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1strict.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8gt codepre
Negative 10594 pIs there any good post and implementation in Clojure for  Marquardt leastsquares method, also known as the LevenbergMarquardt algorithm or damped leastsquaresp
Negative 10594 pI understand FogExp2 takes in two parameters color, density. Is there a way I can restrict the maximum distance FogExp2 applies top  pHere is my problem  I draw the Sun THREE.SphereGeometry at the horizon but my fog color overrides the color of the Sun too Is there a way to exempt the Sun from FogExp2 p  pNote I do not prefer using THREE.Fog but rather a more reallooking, THREE.FogExp2.p
Negative 10594 pRight now we are working with a classic ASP.NET WebForms project with a ModelViewPresenter MVP architecture. Our company wants to move towards a common way to share data between applications based on RESTful APIs. Therefore we are looking for ways to transform our MVP architecture to a WebAPI project. There is quite a lot of code in the presenters and it will take a long time to move the code to another layer. We are looking for a good way to transform to an architecture based on WebAPIs.p  pRight now there is a strong binding between the .aspx pages with code behind and the presenter layer. One idea is to place one more layer in between the Presenter and View. That way we can replace the old .aspx with a more modern page. E.g.,p  blockquote   pnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspModel brnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspPresenterbrOld view  WebAPI layerbrnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspNew viewp blockquote  pIs this a good idea We hope to hear your input regarding this plan. What are the pitfalls Are there better ideas Any experiences p  psubPerhaps this question is not suitable for stackoverflow since it is more a request for discussion. Suggestions for a better place to ask are welcome if so.subp
Negative 10594 pI am very new to android and I am working with Sqlite. while giving a database name I have small confusion p  precode private static final String DATABASENAME  riturajsumn.db   private static final String DATABASENAME  riturajsumn codepre  pboth above declaration work but I want to know what is the difference.p
Negative 10594 hr  pAll,p  pI am trying to write a method that will pass a closure to UIAlertAction such that when the OK button on an alert is tapped, both the alert and the calling view controller are dismissed.p  pWhat I have isp  precodefunc displayErrMsg ecode  errorCodes  gt       var etitle       var etext        var completionHandler gt     switch ecode          case .NoError              etitle  Found You             etext   Check your email for a link to reset your password             completionHandler   self.dismissViewControllerAnimatedtrue,  printlnBUHBYE          case .EmailAddressNotFound               etitle  Sorry, but we could not find you.              etext   Have you registered         case .MalFormedEmailAddress              etitle  Opps             etext    that is not a valid email address         default  println unrecognized error code ecode           userMessage self, etitle, etext, completionHandler    codepre  pwhich calls thisp  precodepublic func userMessageparent UIViewController, titleString, messageString, completion gt      var okButton  UIAlertAction     var alert     UIAlertControllertitle title, message message, preferredStyle UIAlertControllerStyle.Alert     if let comp   completion          okButton  UIAlertActiontitle Ok, style .Default, handler  alert gt Void in             comp                   else              okButton  UIAlertActiontitle OK, style UIAlertActionStyle.Default, nil          alert.addActionokButton     parent.presentViewControlleralert, animated true, completion nil  codepre  pIn the scenario where the ecode is .NoError, I see the BUHBYE printed in the console,  but the view is not removed after the OK button is tapped the alert is removed.  From what I know, the view controller that should be dismissed by the closure is the one from which the displayErrorMsg  is called.  Correct  Why doesnt this workp  pAny and all help greatly appreciated. bpp
Negative 10594 pWhen I get the object id from mongodb that was generated by mongo itselfbr how can I convertencode it to base 64 using PHPp  precodenewCursor  thisgtcollectiongtfindOneurlQuery id  newCursor[id] codepre
Negative 10594 pI am reading about .NET at the moment and some basic questions came into my mind. I am asking these questins to be sure Ive understood things right since I am preparing for a presentation.p  pWhen I open an exefile on my computer it is handled by the CLR to get compiled. A JITCompiler exectutes MSIL code JustInTime so that only the needed parts are compiled at runtime. Now this compiled pieces will be stored in memory for later access. p  pFirst question  p  blockquote   pWhat part does the installation process e.g. through an install   wizzard play here Or is istallation just needed in directly compiled   scenarios where the compiler first has to go through all of the code   before runtime That means that installing the program is basicaly   compiling it on a production machine, rightp blockquote  pSecond question  p  blockquote   pIs the JITcompiled code stored in harddrive so that compiled code   never is compiled again or is this compilation process done everytime   I click on an exefilep blockquote  pThanks for helping out.p
Negative 10594 pIm having a terrible hard time at trying to get the Mottie Tablesorter plugin to work properly on my HTML page.p  pIm designing the front end of a website for someone, and I need the advanced filters provided with this plugin a hrefhttpmottie.github.iotablesorterdocsexamplewidgetfilterformatter1.htmldemo relnofollowhttpmottie.github.iotablesorterdocsexamplewidgetfilterformatter1.htmldemoap  pI have downloaded the files in .zip format, extracted them and placed them in my project, and made sure all the links work properly and that the page can read them.p  pI have copypasted the stuff from the demo with the multiple types of filters across all the columns  in the code quotes into my HTML page.p  pHowever, the second table header row inside the table header doesnt appear.p  pI cant figure out what it is that Im doing wrong.p  pHeres a screenshot of what gets rendered on the page  the offending code inside the web inspector of Safari a hrefhttppuu.shdqzNX.png relnofollowhttppuu.shdqzNX.pngap  pAs you can see, the second table header looks like it is trying to display, but its empty And it seems like it generates a search for searching by text, but is set to hidden I dont know why And it also generates the correct amount of THs, but all of them apart from the first one are emptyp  pIve been banging my head against a wall over this for 4 days now and have no cluep  pCan anyone else get this demo to work properlyp  pMany thanks for taking the time to read all of thisp
Negative 10594 pHeres what Id like to do  in Php given a string, have a result like thisp  ul licodeabccode a is a function that returns true of false. This should give codebcode or codeccode after calling codeacodeli licodeabdeccode. Same principle. The final result should be codedcode, codeecode or codeccodeli licodeabdecfgcode. Same principle. The final result should be codedcode, codeecode, codefcode or codegcodeli ul  pThe problem Im facing is that codeacode in my previous examples can be an expression too, like thisp  precodeh  a  i  b  d  e  c  f  g codepre  pIm trying to use a regexp, to do it but this doesnt work.p  precoderespregmatchall[.], str, matches codepre  pSo in the end I would like do call my function like thisp  precodefinalstringcomputeaxyzopbdecfg codepre  pThe final result in codefinalstringcode should be codedcode, codeecode, codefcode or codegcodep  pIm pretty sure something has been done before but cant find it on google. How would you dop  pTo be more precise, heres how Id like to have the string to be analyzedp  precodestr           myfunction12684444         comment                       myfunction1             myfunction2             myfunction80             myfunction120             myfunction184             myfunction196             comment              AAAAA              comment                        Ignore all other values              BBBBB           comment           comment          CCCC      codepre
Negative 10594 pThis is the situation Im inp  pI have a main table which has an codeidcode and several more columns.br Then there are 3 more tables that only contain an codeidcode JOINed to the codeidcode of the main table and a codetimestampcode.p  pThe ids on all tables are defined as unique so theres an implicit index by codeidcode which speeds up the JOIN. The problem is, if I retrieve the codetimestampcode after joining, it is not in the index so it forces Postgres into a bitmap index scan and a bitmap heap scan or a seq scan, depending on the  of rows, only for that value.p  pThe question is, should I replace the implicit index for one that contains both the id and timestamp That would be an index which has the same data as the table, sounds like a waste of space in that regard.p  pAlso, I think I have to keep the original index if I want the codeUNIQUEcode check to remain in place.p  pUPDATE Forgot to add, these tables have a very high constant write rate and sporadic reads, but reads access a lot of rows at once. That is why Id rather use all inserts instead of updates in place all in one table. The other thing is, rows from these tables might come at any order, I cannot ensure the main table row will be inserted before the small ones arrive.p
Negative 10594 pi have reimplementedoverloaded a codesizeHintcode function in a customized codeQPushButtoncode class like thisp  precodeQSize CustQPushButtonsizeHintconst              QWidget parentWindowthisgtparentWidget a pointer to the parent window      return QSizeparentWindowgtwidth10,60  codepre  pthe problem is p  pWhen the window is initially displayed the width of my buttons are as expected110 the window, but when the window is resized the  buttons are not resized proportionally to the windowthe parent. The codeCustQPushButtoncode Size Policy is set to codeFixedFixedcode and my instantiated buttons are inside a QGridLayout.p  pCan someone please help mep
Negative 10594 pI have an android app which makes a call do rest api. It returns a list of restaurants. Each restaurant has list of categories. Each category can have multiple dishes.p  pWhen I deserialize this list, I have nice ArrayList of Restaurants, each Restaurant also has an ArrayList of Categories, but in Category class, ArrayList of Dishes is null.p  pDoes anyone has any idea how to solve thisp  pJSON response its actually a object of type ServiceResponsep  precode  requestToken  0,   responseCode  2,   objectType  com.test.Restaurant,   error  null,  data  [      id  1,     name  Name,     addressCity  Warszawa,     addressStreet  Kopernika,     addressStreetNumber  4,     addressApartmentNumber  17,     categories  [        id  1,       restaurantId  1,       name  Breakfast,       description  Description,       dishes  [          id  11,         categoryId  1,         name  Dish 1,         description  Descr,         price  8.99,         photoId  51       ,          id  21,         categoryId  1,         name  Dish 2,         description  Descr,         price  6.99,         photoId  41       ,          id  31,         categoryId  1,         name  Dish 3,         description  Descr,         price  14.99,         photoId  61        ]     ,        id  2,       restaurantId  1,       name  Obiady,       description  Opis kategorii,       dishes  [          id  41,         categoryId  2,         name  Danie 4,         description  Descr,         price  6.99,         photoId  0       ,          id  61,         categoryId  2,         name  Danie 5,         description  Descr,         price  8.0,         photoId  0       ,          id  101,         categoryId  2,         name  Nowy obiad,         description  ,         price  111.0,         photoId  0        ]     ,        id  3,       restaurantId  1,       name  Pasta,       description  Opis kategorii,       dishes  [ ]     ,        id  4,       restaurantId  1,       name  Przystawki,       description  Opis kategorii,      dishes  [ ]     ,        id  11,       restaurantId  1,       name  Some category,       description  test,       dishes  [ ]     ,        id  51,       restaurantId  1,       name  Sushi,       description  ,       dishes  [ ]      ]   ]    codepre  pParsing result with Jacksonp  precodeServiceResponse response  getServiceOutputparams, httpMethod  ifresponse.getData  null ampamp response.getData.size gt 0      try           convert data array from object to class defined in objectType in JSON         ObjectMapper mapper  new ObjectMapper         Class clazz  Class.forName response.getObjectType          ArrayList list  mapper.convertValueresponse.getData,              TypeFactory.defaultInstance.constructCollectionType                     ArrayList.class, clazz          broadcastIntent.putExtraresult, list         broadcastIntent.putExtraresponsecode, ServiceResponse.OK      catch Exception e          broadcastIntent.putExtraresponsecode, ServiceResponse.ERROR         e.printStackTrace       codepre
Negative 10594 precode  ltform action PurchaseCheckOut methodPOST gt                  ltinput type  submit namecheckout class button valueCheck Outgt                lt   ifrequest.getParametercheckout  null                list1.clear gt           ltformgt codepre  pIm using a ArrayList for list1. So, when I click on the check out button, it will clear all the things in list1. How can I do that  This is how I do it but it doesnt seems to work.p  pEDIT  Still not workingp  precodeltform action PurchaseCheckOut methodPOST gt                 ltinput type  submit namecheckout class button valueCheck Out onClickclearListgt           ltformgt        lt                 public void clearList                                      list1.removeAlllist1                              gt         codepre
Negative 10594 pI have issues satisfying a code analysis rule for disposing a codeMemoryStreamcode object.p  pThis is my code right nowp  precodebyte[] bytes MemoryStream stream  new MemoryStream  using CryptoStream cs  new CryptoStreamstream, transform, CryptoStreamMode.Write      cs.Writebuffer, 0, buffer.Length   bytes  stream.ToArray stream.Close  return bytes codepre  pThis results in a warnings that the stream may be disposed emtwiceem, or may emnotem be disposed one warning for each.p  pI have also tried wrapping it into a codeusingMemoryStream stream  new MemoryStreamcode block. This results in the former warning.p  pAnd finally, removing the calls to codeClosecode or codeDisposecode results in the latter warning.p  pIs there a way to satisfy both conditions I assume the problem is an exception path that may close it, but I am not very familiar with how these classes work.p
Negative 10594 pI have issue to work on.p  pQuery is like p  precodeSELECT t.column1, t.column2 FROM table1 t  inner join table2 t2 on ltjoin conditiongt GROUP BY column1, column2. codepre  pcolumn1 and column2 are present in table1 as well as table2.p  pAlias is used in select query but NOT USED in group by clause codet.column1code, codet.column2code.p  pThis code fails only for one database and works fine on other databases.p  pI tried changing its codeCOMPATIBILITYLEVEL to 90code. but it didnt work.p  pMy question is strongwhy it is not working on one particular dbstrong and works fine on othersp
Negative 10594 pHow can I disable window animations for specific window i.e. the same effect as setting Window animation scale to off in the developer options.p  precodepopupWindow.setAnimationStyle0 codepre  pdoes not seem to do anything.p  pThanks,p
Negative 10594 pMaxima plotting in a loop, must shut one plot to see the next one. Iam working in windows environment, but in linux will the function plotted in one view.p  pFor example this function p  precodefor d0.1 thru 1 step 0.1 do   draw2dexplicitxd,x,0,1 codepre  pI have also tried thisp  precodesetplotoption[plotformat, gnuplotpipes] codepre  pBut this didnt solve it. Is there an option, where i can set the plotting in one viewp  pThank you.p
Negative 10594 pWe have the primary report that uses a stored procedure to pull from one table in our database and want to add a subreport that would show the history of the cases listed in the primary report.  Basically, the primary report looks like the following sort ofp  p[CID]  [Status]  [Type]  etc....p  pThe [CID] above can be used to pull up all of the events relating to the individual [CID]s and so we want the final product to look kind of like thisp  p[CID]  [Status]  [Type]  etc....p  precode [] lt click here to see the event history codepre  pIve created the subreport report rdlc file and the stored procedure that would supply the event history based on the [CID], but adding it to the primary report isnt working the way that we would expect.  Weve added the subreport via rightclicking on the primary report and opting to insert a subreport.  Weve given the new object the name of the corresponding rdlc file.  Weve made sure to add that the subreports rdlc file is expecting a parameter for the [CID].  All that it will do is display the following error at the very end of the primary report not after each [CID] in the report  Data retrieval failed for the subreport, subreportname, located at subreportname.rdlc. Please check the log files for more information.p  pWeve tried placing the subreport directly below the primary reports information, in a rectangle directly below the primary reports information, placed the rectangle in a cell that is part of the primary reports information and then placed the subreport in it, both as part of the same group and as a different group.p  pId love to look at those log files if I could figure out where they are located any ideas, but at this point we are just spinning our wheels and need some direction.  Internet searches have shown many posts about doing subreports in Visual Studio 2010, but those are worthless considering the changes between VS2010 and VS2013.  Very few search results provide anything that have to do with Visual Studio 2013.p
Negative 10594 pCan some one help me out There are a few things wrong here I know. Why do i have to link bootstrap.min.js at the end of the header and at the bottom of the page. Ive tried using one at a time but it doesnt work. The next thing is that I want carousel to start when I load the page and when I click the controllers not just when i click the controllers.          p  precode    ltheadgt         lttitlegtThe James Baldwin Schoollttitlegt         ltlink hrefFrameworkcssbootstrap.css relstylesheet typetextcssgt         ltlink hrefMain.css relstylesheet typetextcssgt     ltheadgt      ltbodygt         ltheadergt         ltdiv classnavbarwrappergt   ltdiv classcontainergt     ltdiv idnavtop classnavbar navbarinverse navbarstatictopgt          ltdiv classnavbarheadergt         lta classnavbartoggle datatogglecollapse datatarget.navbarcollapsegt           ltspan classiconbargtltspangt           ltspan classiconbargtltspangt           ltspan classiconbargtltspangt         ltagt         lta classnavbarbrand hrefgtThe James Baldwin Schoolltagt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classnavbarcollapse collapsegt           ltul classnav navbarnavgt             ltli classactivegtlta hrefgtHomeltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefaboutgtAboutltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefcontactgtContactltagtltligt             ltli classdropdowngt               lta href classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngtParents ltb classcaretgtltbgtltagt               ltul classdropdownmenugt                 ltligtlta hrefgtActionltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtAnother actionltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtSomething else hereltagtltligt                 ltli classdividergtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtSeparated linkltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtOne more separated linkltagtltligt               ltulgt             ltligt              ltli classdropdowngt               lta href classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngtStudents ltb classcaretgtltbgtltagt               ltul classdropdownmenugt                 ltligtlta hrefgtActionltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtAnother actionltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtSomething else hereltagtltligt                 ltli classdividergtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtSeparated linkltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtOne more separated linkltagtltligt               ltulgt             ltligt              ltli classdropdowngt               lta href classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngtTeachers ltb classcaretgtltbgtltagt               ltul classdropdownmenugt                 ltligtlta hrefgtActionltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtAnother actionltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtSomething else hereltagtltligt                 ltli classdividergtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtSeparated linkltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtOne more separated linkltagtltligt               ltulgt             ltligt           ltulgt         ltdivgt        ltdivgt   ltdivgtlt container gt ltdivgtlt navbar wrapper gt          lt Javascript Bootstrap gt         ltscript srcFrameworkjsbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadergt   lt Carousel  gt ltdiv idmyCarousel classcarousel slidegt   lt Indicators gt   ltol classcarouselindicatorsgt     ltli datatargetmyCarousel dataslideto0 classactivegtltligt     ltli datatargetmyCarousel dataslideto1gtltligt     ltli datatargetmyCarousel dataslideto2gtltligt   ltolgt   ltdiv classcarouselinnergt   ltdiv classitem activegt       ltimg srchttp1.bp.blogspot.comBUrT0CP6nQU1prUuv6VjIAAAAAAAAFbYa6PUNgNhSWMs16001500x500NewYorkSkylineTwitterHeader0017.jpg stylewidth100 classimgresponsivegt       ltdiv classcontainergt         ltdiv classcarouselcaptiongt           lth1gtBootstrap 3 Carousellth1gt           ltpgtPictures slide with overlapping wordsltpgt           ltpgtlta classbtn btnlg btnprimary hrefhttpgetbootstrap.comgtLearn Moreltagt         ltpgt         ltdivgt       ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classitemgt       ltimg srchttp1.bp.blogspot.comjBZKbiHI2UU1pszgzFAbIAAAAAAAAFcI8xrxWuBse9os16001500x500NewYorkSkylineTwitterHeader0024.jpg classimgresponsivegt       ltdiv classcontainergt         ltdiv classcarouselcaptiongt           lth1gtEach Slide can be differentlth1gt           ltpgtI just need some one to pick the pictures and wordsltpgt           ltpgtlta classbtn btnlarge btnprimary hrefgtLearn moreltagtltpgt         ltdivgt       ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classitemgt       ltimg srchttpmooxidesign.comwpcontentuploads201404Newyork1500x500.jpg classimgresponsivegt       ltdiv classcontainergt         ltdiv classcarouselcaptiongt           lth1gtPercentagebased sizinglth1gt           ltpgtThis Site is fully responsive and adjusts to the size of the browser your using. Meaning that it looks great on smartphonesltpgt           ltpgtlta classbtn btnlarge btnprimary hrefgtBrowse galleryltagtltpgt         ltdivgt       ltdivgt     ltdivgt   ltdivgt   lt Controls gt   lta classleft carouselcontrol hrefmyCarousel dataslideprevgt     ltspan classiconprevgtltspangt   ltagt   lta classright carouselcontrol hrefmyCarousel dataslidenextgt     ltspan classiconnextgtltspangt   ltagt   ltdivgt        lt .carousel gt   lt Marketing messaging and featurettes  gt lt Wrap the rest of the page in another container to center all the content. gt  ltdiv classcontainer marketinggt    lt Three columns of text below the carousel gt ltdiv idaboutgt   ltdiv classrowgt     ltdiv classcolmd4 textcentergt       ltimg classimgcircle srchttpplacehold.it140x140gt       lth2gtBrady Smithlth2gt       ltpgtPrincipal CoDirectorltpgt       ltpgtlta classbtn btndefault hrefgtView details ltagtltpgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classcolmd4 textcentergt       ltimg classimgcircle srchttpplacehold.it140x140gt       lth2gtJosh Heislerlth2gt       ltpgtTeacher CoDirectorltpgt       ltpgtlta classbtn btndefault hrefgtView details ltagtltpgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classcolmd4 textcentergt       ltimg classimgcircle srchttpplacehold.it140x140gt       lth2gtChristine Olsenlth2gt       ltpgtAdmissionsltpgt       ltpgtlta classbtn btndefault hrefgtView details ltagtltpgt     ltdivgt   ltdivgtlt .row gt ltdivgt    lt START THE FEATURETTES gt      lt END THE FEATURETTES gt     lt FOOTER gt   ltfootergt     ltp classpullrightgtlta hrefgtBack to topltagtltpgt     ltpgtThis site was created by Isaac Perez.  lta hrefhttpwww.google.comgtCheck it outltagtltpgt   ltfootergt    ltdivgtlt .container gt  ltbodygt         ltscript srcFrameworkjsbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscript srcFrameworkjsjquery2.1.3.min.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscript typetextjavascriptgt lt[CDATA[         var   jQuery.noConflict document.readyfunction   myCarousel.carousel interval 3000, cycle true            ]]gtltscriptgt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to use TCPDF with laravel 4, Im getting this error when I populate my table with mysql data, when I use the foreach loop it fails, if I remove it, it works just finep  p  precodeclass PrintController extends BaseController          public function index              return Viewmakeprint.PrintView           public function generatePDF              notasdetalle  NotaDetalleall         pdf  pdf  new TCPDF         pdfgtSetPrintHeaderfalse         pdfgtSetPrintFooterfalse         pdfgtAddPage         html           lttable border1 cellpadding4 cellspacing0 aligncentergt         lttheadgt          lttrgt           ltth colspan4gt             ltpgtChapincar S.R.Lltpgt             ltpgtAgustin Barios N 1070 c Julio C. Franco  Telefono 674 942 ltbrgt                Fernando de la Mora  Paraguayltpgt             ltpgtltpgt           ltthgt           ltth colspan2gt             ltpgtRUC800296583ltpgt             ltpgtNOTA DE PRESUPUESTOltpgt           ltthgt          lttrgt          lttrgt           lttd colspan6 alignleftgtAsuncion, 26 de Noviembre de 2014lttdgt          lttrgt          lttrgt           lttd colspan6 alignleftgtSeores Aseguradora del Estelttdgt          lttrgt          lttrgt           lttd colspan6 alignleftgtDireccin Gilberto Aranda 231lttdgt          lttrgt          lttrgt           lttd colspan2 alignleftgtTelefono 021674611lttdgt           lttd colspan4 alignleftgtFecha 20122014lttdgt         lttrgt         lttheadgt         lttbodygt          lttrgt           lttdgtCantidadlttdgt           lttd colspan3gtDescripcinlttdgt           lttdgtPrecio con IVAlttdgt           lttdgtPrecio sin IVAlttdgt          lttrgt          html . lttrgt   HERE ITS THE ERROR         foreach notasdetalle as key gt value               html . lttdgt .  valuegtcantidaddetalle . lttdgt              html . lttd colspan3gt .  valuegtdescripciondetalle . lttdgt              html . lttdgt .   valuegtprecioIVAdetalle . lttdgt              html . lttdgt .   valuegtprecioSinIVAdetalle . lttdgt            ERROR          html . lttrgt          html .          lttbodygt         lttablegt                    pdfgtwriteHTMLhtml, true, false, true, false,          pdfgtText90, 140, This is a test         filename  storagepath . test.pdf         pdfgtoutputfilename, I          return Responsedownloadfilename        codepre  pwhat Im doing wrong. Please help.p
Negative 10594 pI am new to R. I want to aggregate data asp  precodeId  Symbol T1  MSFT T2  MSFT T3  AAPL T4  GOOG T5  AAPL      Date     T1      T2      T3      T4      T5 1232014   100     150     100     150     100 1222014   200     200     300     250     330 1212014   300     250     400     250     420 11282014  200     650     150     500     150 codepre  pOutput I want to get isp  precode   Date     MSFT        AAPL        GOOG 1232014   100150     100100     150 1222014   200200     300330     250 1212014   300250     400420     250 11282014  200650     150150     500 codepre  pstrongUpdatestrongp  precodedf2 lt structurelistDate  structurec6L, 5L, 4L, 3L, 2L, 1L, .Label  c11262014,  11272014, 11282014, 1212014, 1222014, 1232014 , class  factor, T2  c482544, 475968, 470304, 468000,  466752, 460656, T1  c457878.7879, 455656.5657, 452424.2424,  447171.7172, 445252.5253, 439595.9596, T3  c8155612.90284,  8066709.67752, 7982838.70956, 7926924.73092, 7901763.441, 7799440.86012 , .Names  cDate, T2, T1, T3, row.names  cNA, 6L , class  data.frame          Date     T2       T1      T3 1  1232014 482544 457878.8 8155613 2  1222014 475968 455656.6 8066710 3  1212014 470304 452424.2 7982839 4 11282014 468000 447171.7 7926925 5 11272014 466752 445252.5 7901763 6 11262014 460656 439596.0 7799441  df1 lt structurelistId  structure13, .Label  cT1, T2,  T3, class  factor, Fund  structurec1L, 1L, 1L, .Label  F1, class  factor,      Symbol  structurec3L, 1L, 2L, .Label  cAAPL,      GOOG, MSFT, class  factor, Quantity c5000L, 4800L,      7800L, .Names  cId, Fund,  Symbol,  Quantity, row.names  cNA, 3L, class  data.frame          Id Fund Symbol Quantity 1       T1     F1     MSFT     5000 2       T2     F1     AAPL     4800 3       T3     F1     GOOG     7800 codepre
Negative 10594 pI have two regular expressions, one for validating a mobile number and one for a house phone number.p  pMobile number pattern p  precode0700447447d9080035383538d8,9 codepre  pHome number pattern p  precode0004444d1008d990d692d6437d528d637d666d682d6777d593d6 codepre  pIs there a way to combine both of these expressions so that I can apply them to a Contact Number field that would be valid if the input matched either expressionp
Negative 10594 pResults to achieve p  precodehttpexample.com                   gt websitesdispatcher.php httpanotherexample.com           gt websitesdispatcher.php httpdemo.example.com              gt websitesdispatcher.phpsubdomaindemo httpdemo.example.comcatpage.html gt websitesdispatcher.phpsubdomaindemoamppathcatpage.html codepre  pWith the .htaccess i have, its working except for the demo.exemple.com who return a 502 error.p  precode Parse the subdomain as a variable RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond HTTPHOST        www RewriteCond HTTPHOST         [.].[.].[.] RewriteRule . 1subdomain1   Map all requests to the path get variable in distpacher.php RewriteRule distpacher.php  [L] RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d RewriteRule . distpacher.phppath1 [L,QSA]  codepre  pIm having a hard time... any help, pleasep
Negative 10594 pI am making Phonegap app with android SDK using eclipse. In which i called web service for inserting data into database through AJAX call But i think url is not working properly. I am using localhost web service in running with emulator. My ajax call code is as per below.p  precode  .ajax                type POST,                   contentType applicationjson,                   dataType json,                async false,                cache false,                             urlhttpxxx.xxx.x.xxx8080WebService2.asmxHelloWorld,               datan  document.getElementByIdtxtNum1.value  , a  document.getElementByIdtxtNum2.value  ,p  document.getElementByIdtxtNum3.value  ,                success function response                                alertInserted data successfully                 document.getElementByIdtxtNum1.value                  document.getElementByIdtxtNum2.value                   document.getElementByIdtxtNum3.value               ,                  error functiondata                    alertTry Again                                                          codepre
Negative 10594 pI am working with spring 2.5 mvc and in one method in Dao I want to save records with insert statement. However, I have to use the values returning from select query as values part. I am using sql developer. p  precodeString SQLbsv  INSERT INTO abctablename a, b, c, d, e, f, g               SELECT seqName.NEXTVAL, h,i, j,k, l, m                from abctablename abc where abc.ID  id      SQLQuery query  getSession.createSQLQuerySQLbsv     query.setIntegerid, gelenparametre      int result  query.executeUpdate codepre  pHowever, it doesnt work. I cant use hql also. Is there any solution to solve this issue. Thanks in advance,p
Negative 10594 pIs it possible with just one set of array buffer data formatted for a GLTRIANGLESTRIP to separatedisconnect the lines. Bascially I have a bunch of vertical lines spaced across the viewport in a 2D ortho projection. Each line is 2 triangles so 4 vertices for a triangle strip. There is a diagonal line that connects to the next line over that is undesirable.p  pstrongAm I stuck with either changing to GLTRIANGLES or separating out the strips into separate arraysstrongp
Negative 10594 pMy understanding is some library is included more than once. The question is which one and how to avoid that  p  pSuspected library that is included more than oncebr the Android Support Library.p  pWhat I have triedbr Exclude it in Gradle build script of the main module using one of the following methodbr Method 1 Use the configurations block  p  precodeconfigurations       to avoid double inclusion of support libraries     all.exclude group com.android.support, module supportv4  codepre  pResult the Support Library seems to excluded entirely in the project  class not found issue e.g.  p  precodecannot access FragmentActivity public class AccountInfoFragment extends SherlockFragment implements DataLoadedCallbackltAccountPOgt,DialogInterface.OnClickListener           class file for android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity not found codepre  pMethod 2 Exclude the support library for each library Result The issue still persistsp  pbr Full stacktrace of the error  p  precodeErrorGradle Execution failed for task myappdexDebug. gt com.android.ide.common.internal.LoggedErrorException Failed to run command     UsersEricandroidsdkbuildtools20.0.0dx dex output UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatesdexdebug UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugachartengine1.1.07b47dc124cf34522f2e00089bcce20da1d9daafb.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugboltsandroid1.1.21b7811ba358dc7261c04da44cffff27dc19a95bf.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugbutterknife6.0.0082df546717f9c6d67265ed2604a6e3f41c72433.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugclasses0cac1f6067badf2d1a4d82a980533915dbf98e06.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugclasses142f671af697f6b9cba92b14354ee4300ae51e78.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugclasses1e46bc8a7eb72e7727956d5e4352924ceb2b77a1.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugclasses2c99dae7d9219c15273149d0d35ba0b1f9a13be5.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugclasses48179d4374e2a25c67fea5ff71940fdfa99c61af.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugclasses5183a95913a34be595f3376ba556e27844076538.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugclasses6239731b5893bbcac7b1f4fc00df9518ec99637e.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugclasses9fba0552287b788dec5e8eb7c445da4f8436284e.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugclassesd86676a0689fbe4db96155cf7fa3df07e0b92607.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugclassesdf5e5215cac30fe94844ee6599f93ad546c972e9.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebuggoogleapiclient1.19.05a21a128d4462f2c5855dfff5449401b40497140.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebuggoogleapiservicesyoutubev3rev1201.19.09ac8e0973005ba61bbc204b23361c6c6da738b15.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebuggooglehttpclient1.19.07c0204c696118dd85912cda4299a80e7d78cdb01.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebuggooglehttpclientjackson21.19.0614a0de809cae5a131374375fed96d5690c14406.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebuggoogleoauthclient1.19.0912669bfd391aae62209d0888c1253a88d580884.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebuggson2.2.457ce5e3c7d648a64a73b4451cf3aa3791012f40c.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugguavajdk513.006c5cb09cd942dfb26581195ae6fe876a835b72e.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebuginternalimpl21.0.2214aff042b70e000fd89d9989b4a222cb0e76d35.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebuginternalimpl21.0.29dd6ca746d46a7622f5db326e40a2140066d8202.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugjacksoncore2.1.37aed478d80f48350038b4c88f157afa4fe4f0444.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugjsr3051.3.9ff9aa60162778ae9cafa0fd673bd873256924307.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugsupportannotations21.0.2ef4b81549522b9e9e235cf8bc8a048c6787daa07.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebuguniversalimageloader1.9.3d8f5630239430ef645489ff77450683807cdd3a9.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatespredexeddebugYouTubeAndroidPlayerApi070374576a0bdf40ef3d80ff2e993e0863558c69.jar UsersErictmpmyappandroidmyappbuildintermediatesclassesdebug   Error Code     2   Output     UNEXPECTED TOPLEVEL EXCEPTION     java.lang.IllegalArgumentException method ID not in [0, 0xffff] 65536         at com.android.dx.merge.DexMerger6.updateIndexDexMerger.java501         at com.android.dx.merge.DexMergerIdMerger.mergeSortedDexMerger.java276         at com.android.dx.merge.DexMerger.mergeMethodIdsDexMerger.java490         at com.android.dx.merge.DexMerger.mergeDexesDexMerger.java167         at com.android.dx.merge.DexMerger.mergeDexMerger.java188         at com.android.dx.command.dexer.Main.mergeLibraryDexBuffersMain.java439         at com.android.dx.command.dexer.Main.runMonoDexMain.java287         at com.android.dx.command.dexer.Main.runMain.java230         at com.android.dx.command.dexer.Main.mainMain.java199         at com.android.dx.command.Main.mainMain.java103 codepre  pI can see codeinternalimplcode appearing twice  p  pbr Following method 2, my main modules build.gradle is as follows  p  precodeapply plugin android  buildscript      repositories          mavenCentral         android      compileSdkVersion 19     buildToolsVersion 20.0.0     lintOptions          abortOnError false          defaultConfig          applicationId com.xyz         minSdkVersion 14         targetSdkVersion 19           buildTypes          release              minifyEnabled false             proguardFiles getDefaultProguardFileproguardandroid.txt, proguardrules.txt                   dependencies       compile com.android.supportsupportv13     compile com.google.android.gmsplayservices      compile projectsherlockNavigationDrawer      exclude group com.android.support, module supportv13  compile projectfacebookSDK      exclude group com.android.support, module supportv13  compile projectmyLibrary      exclude group com.android.support, module supportv13     exclude group com.actionbarsherlock, module actionbarsherlock  compile projectviewPagerLibrary      exclude group com.android.support, module supportv13       compile org.apmem.toolslayouts1.5aar     compile com.github.amlcurran.showcaseviewlibrary5.0.0     compile com.jakewhartonbutterknife6.0.0       compile com.android.supportsupportv1321.0.0      compile com.google.apisgoogleapiservicesyoutubev3rev1201.19.0     compile fileslibsachartengine1.1.0.jar     compile fileslibsYouTubeAndroidPlayerApi.jar    codepre  pWhen I ran code.gradlew q dependencies myappdependenciescode I got the following no duplicate  p  precodedebugApk   Internal use, do not manually configure   project sherlockNavigationDrawer      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0  project facebookSDK  project myLibrary      com.google.code.gsongson2.2.4      com.nostra13.universalimageloaderuniversalimageloader1.9.3  project viewPagerLibrary  org.apmem.toolslayouts1.5  com.github.amlcurran.showcaseviewlibrary5.0.0  com.jakewhartonbutterknife6.0.0  com.google.android.gmsplayservices gt 6.5.87      com.android.supportsupportv421.0.0           com.android.supportsupportannotations21.0.0  com.google.apisgoogleapiservicesyoutubev3rev1201.19.0       com.google.apiclientgoogleapiclient1.19.0            com.google.oauthclientgoogleoauthclient1.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                    com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9                    org.apache.httpcomponentshttpclient4.0.1                         org.apache.httpcomponentshttpcore4.0.1                         commonsloggingcommonslogging1.1.1                         commonscodeccommonscodec1.3                com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9            com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclientjackson21.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                 com.fasterxml.jackson.corejacksoncore2.1.3            com.google.guavaguavajdk513.0   codepre  pOriginal results of code.gradlew q dependencies myappdependenciescode without any codeexcludecode  p  precodedebugApk   Internal use, do not manually configure   com.android.supportmultidex1.0.0 gt 1.0.1  com.android.supportmultidex1.0. gt 1.0.1  project sherlockNavigationDrawer      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3           com.android.supportsupportv421.0.3                com.android.supportsupportannotations21.0.3  project facebookSDK      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3   project myLibrary      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3       com.google.code.gsongson2.2.4      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0      com.nostra13.universalimageloaderuniversalimageloader1.9.3  project viewPagerLibrary      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3   org.apmem.toolslayouts1.5  com.github.amlcurran.showcaseviewlibrary5.0.0  com.jakewhartonbutterknife6.0.0  com.google.android.gmsplayservices gt 6.5.87      com.android.supportsupportv421.0.0 gt 21.0.3   com.android.supportsupportv1321.0.0 gt 21.0.3   com.google.apisgoogleapiservicesyoutubev3rev1201.19.0       com.google.apiclientgoogleapiclient1.19.0            com.google.oauthclientgoogleoauthclient1.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                    com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9                    org.apache.httpcomponentshttpclient4.0.1                         org.apache.httpcomponentshttpcore4.0.1                         commonsloggingcommonslogging1.1.1                         commonscodeccommonscodec1.3                com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9            com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclientjackson21.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                 com.fasterxml.jackson.corejacksoncore2.1.3            com.google.guavaguavajdk513.0  debugCompile   Internal use, do not manually configure   com.android.supportmultidex1.0.0 gt 1.0.1  com.android.supportmultidex1.0. gt 1.0.1  project sherlockNavigationDrawer      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3           com.android.supportsupportv421.0.3                com.android.supportsupportannotations21.0.3  project facebookSDK      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3   project myLibrary      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3       com.google.code.gsongson2.2.4      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0      com.nostra13.universalimageloaderuniversalimageloader1.9.3  project viewPagerLibrary      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3   org.apmem.toolslayouts1.5  com.github.amlcurran.showcaseviewlibrary5.0.0  com.jakewhartonbutterknife6.0.0  com.google.android.gmsplayservices gt 6.5.87      com.android.supportsupportv421.0.0 gt 21.0.3   com.android.supportsupportv1321.0.0 gt 21.0.3   com.google.apisgoogleapiservicesyoutubev3rev1201.19.0       com.google.apiclientgoogleapiclient1.19.0            com.google.oauthclientgoogleoauthclient1.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                    com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9                    org.apache.httpcomponentshttpclient4.0.1                         org.apache.httpcomponentshttpcore4.0.1                         commonsloggingcommonslogging1.1.1                         commonscodeccommonscodec1.3                com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9            com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclientjackson21.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                 com.fasterxml.jackson.corejacksoncore2.1.3            com.google.guavaguavajdk513.0  debugTestApk   Internal use, do not manually configure  No dependencies  debugTestCompile   Internal use, do not manually configure  No dependencies  releaseApk   Internal use, do not manually configure   com.android.supportmultidex1.0.0 gt 1.0.1  com.android.supportmultidex1.0. gt 1.0.1  project sherlockNavigationDrawer      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3           com.android.supportsupportv421.0.3                com.android.supportsupportannotations21.0.3  project facebookSDK      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3   project myLibrary      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3       com.google.code.gsongson2.2.4      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0      com.nostra13.universalimageloaderuniversalimageloader1.9.3  project viewPagerLibrary      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3   org.apmem.toolslayouts1.5  com.github.amlcurran.showcaseviewlibrary5.0.0  com.jakewhartonbutterknife6.0.0  com.google.android.gmsplayservices gt 6.5.87      com.android.supportsupportv421.0.0 gt 21.0.3   com.android.supportsupportv1321.0.0 gt 21.0.3   com.google.apisgoogleapiservicesyoutubev3rev1201.19.0       com.google.apiclientgoogleapiclient1.19.0            com.google.oauthclientgoogleoauthclient1.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                    com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9                    org.apache.httpcomponentshttpclient4.0.1                         org.apache.httpcomponentshttpcore4.0.1                         commonsloggingcommonslogging1.1.1                         commonscodeccommonscodec1.3                com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9            com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclientjackson21.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                 com.fasterxml.jackson.corejacksoncore2.1.3            com.google.guavaguavajdk513.0  releaseCompile   Internal use, do not manually configure   com.android.supportmultidex1.0.0 gt 1.0.1  com.android.supportmultidex1.0. gt 1.0.1  project sherlockNavigationDrawer      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3           com.android.supportsupportv421.0.3                com.android.supportsupportannotations21.0.3  project facebookSDK      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3   project myLibrary      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3       com.google.code.gsongson2.2.4      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0      com.nostra13.universalimageloaderuniversalimageloader1.9.3  project viewPagerLibrary      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3   org.apmem.toolslayouts1.5  com.github.amlcurran.showcaseviewlibrary5.0.0  com.jakewhartonbutterknife6.0.0  com.google.android.gmsplayservices gt 6.5.87      com.android.supportsupportv421.0.0 gt 21.0.3   com.android.supportsupportv1321.0.0 gt 21.0.3   com.google.apisgoogleapiservicesyoutubev3rev1201.19.0       com.google.apiclientgoogleapiclient1.19.0            com.google.oauthclientgoogleoauthclient1.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                    com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9                    org.apache.httpcomponentshttpclient4.0.1                         org.apache.httpcomponentshttpcore4.0.1                         commonsloggingcommonslogging1.1.1                         commonscodeccommonscodec1.3                com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9            com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclientjackson21.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                 com.fasterxml.jackson.corejacksoncore2.1.3            com.google.guavaguavajdk513.0  androidJacocoAgent  The Jacoco agent to use to get coverage data.  org.jacocoorg.jacoco.agent0.7.1.201405082137  androidJacocoAnt  The Jacoco ant tasks to use to get execute Gradle tasks.  org.jacocoorg.jacoco.ant0.7.1.201405082137       org.jacocoorg.jacoco.core0.7.1.201405082137           org.ow2.asmasmdebugall5.0.1       org.jacocoorg.jacoco.report0.7.1.201405082137           org.jacocoorg.jacoco.core0.7.1.201405082137            org.ow2.asmasmdebugall5.0.1       org.jacocoorg.jacoco.agent0.7.1.201405082137  androidTestApk  Classpath packaged with the compiled androidTest classes. No dependencies  androidTestCompile  Classpath for compiling the androidTest sources. No dependencies  androidTestProvided  Classpath for only compiling the androidTest sources. No dependencies  apk  Classpath packaged with the compiled main classes. No dependencies  archives  Configuration for archive artifacts. No dependencies  compile  Classpath for compiling the main sources.  com.android.supportmultidex1.0. gt 1.0.1  project sherlockNavigationDrawer      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3           com.android.supportsupportv421.0.3                com.android.supportsupportannotations21.0.3  project facebookSDK      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3   project myLibrary      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3       com.google.code.gsongson2.2.4      com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0      com.nostra13.universalimageloaderuniversalimageloader1.9.3  project viewPagerLibrary      com.android.supportsupportv13 gt 21.0.3   org.apmem.toolslayouts1.5  com.github.amlcurran.showcaseviewlibrary5.0.0  com.jakewhartonbutterknife6.0.0  com.google.android.gmsplayservices gt 6.5.87      com.android.supportsupportv421.0.0 gt 21.0.3   com.android.supportsupportv1321.0.0 gt 21.0.3   com.google.apisgoogleapiservicesyoutubev3rev1201.19.0       com.google.apiclientgoogleapiclient1.19.0            com.google.oauthclientgoogleoauthclient1.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                    com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9                    org.apache.httpcomponentshttpclient4.0.1                         org.apache.httpcomponentshttpcore4.0.1                         commonsloggingcommonslogging1.1.1                         commonscodeccommonscodec1.3                com.google.code.findbugsjsr3051.3.9            com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclientjackson21.19.0                com.google.httpclientgooglehttpclient1.19.0                 com.fasterxml.jackson.corejacksoncore2.1.3            com.google.guavaguavajdk513.0 codepre  pHowever, when I run the Android Studio Analyze Dependencies function, I still see androidsupportv13.jarappearing 4 times.  p  pIm using Android Gradle plugin version 0.14.2  p  pMy project structurebr img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4EBpC.png altenter image description here img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAwr3S.png altenter image description here img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLV4I6.png altenter image description herep  pstrongUpdates 5 Jan 2015strongbr Enabling a hrefhttpsdeveloper.android.comtoolsbuildingmultidex.html relnofollowmultidexa has allowed me to run the app. However, I dont believe my app has reached the 65k methods limit yet. So, this should only be considered a workaround.p
Negative 10594 pAs far as I understand memory management in Linux kernel, there is a mmstruct structure responsible for address space in each process. One important memory region is stack. This should be identified by vmareastruct memory region and mmstruct itself has a pointer mmstructstackstart which is stacks address. p  pI came accross the code below and what I cannot understand is why any of the memory region startend addresses are not equal to mmstructstackstart value. Any help in understanding this would be very much appreciated. Thanksp  pSome of the results of loading the compiled kernel modulep  blockquote   pVma number 14   Starts at 0x7fff4bb68000, Ends at 0x7fff4bb8a000    Vma number 15 Starts at 0x7fff4bbfc000, Ends at 0x7fff4bbfe000    Vma number 16 Starts at 0x7fff4bbfe000, Ends at 0x7fff4bc00000    Code  Segment start  0x400000, end  0x400854   Data  Segment start  0x600858, end  0x600a94   Stack Segment start  0x7fff4bb88420p blockquote  pOne can find that stack segment start 0x7fff4bb88420 belongs to the vma number 14 but I dont know the addresses are different.p  pKernel module source codep  precodeinclude ltlinuxinit.hgt include ltlinuxkernel.hgt include ltlinuxmodule.hgt include ltlinuxsched.hgt include ltlinuxmm.hgt  static int pidmem  1  static void printmemstruct taskstruct task          struct mmstruct mm         struct vmareastruct vma         int count  0         mm  taskgtmm         printknThis mmstruct has d vmas.n, mmgtmapcount         for vma  mmgtmmap  vma  vma  vmagtvmnext                  printk nVma number d n, count                 printk  Starts at 0xlx, Ends at 0xlxn,                           vmagtvmstart, vmagtvmend                  printknCode  Segment start  0xlx, end  0xlx n                  Data  Segment start  0xlx, end  0xlxn                  Stack Segment start  0xlxn,                  mmgtstartcode, mmgtendcode,                  mmgtstartdata, mmgtenddata,                  mmgtstartstack   static int mmexploadvoid         struct taskstruct task         printknGot the process id to look up as d.n, pidmem         foreachprocesstask                  if  taskgtpid  pidmem                          printks[d]n, taskgtcomm, taskgtpid                         printmemtask                                   return 0   static void mmexpunloadvoid          printknPrint segment information module exiting.n   moduleinitmmexpload moduleexitmmexpunload moduleparampidmem, int, 0  MODULEAUTHOR Krishnakumar. R, rkrishnakumargmail.com MODULEDESCRIPTION Print segment information MODULELICENSEGPL codepre
Negative 10594 pI attempted to research this error, but it is really confusing how something cannot be converted to itself.  Though I have an idea as to why.p  pThe error arises within this functionp  precodeGameObject.h  include BasicComponents.h  namespace mw   class GameObject  public     void handleEventsmwWorld world, sfRenderWindowamp screen, mwEventListamp events               myInputgthandleEventsthis, screen, events          Passing world here causes the error         myPhysicsgthandleEventsthis, world, screen, events          myGraphicsgthandleEventsthis, screen, events        end of namespace codepre  pThe function that gets the error is thisp  precodeBasicComponents.h  namespace mw   Needed for parameters     class GameObject     class World   class PhysicsComponent  public mwComponent  public     virtual void handleEventsGameObjectamp object, mwWorld world, sfRenderWindowamp screen, mwEventListamp events  0    end of namespace codepre  pI believe the issue lies within the incomplete type used in BasicComponents.h.  However, it is needed in order for me to let the function know that the class exists somewhere and we will be doing something with it when we know about it.  If this is the problem, how do I fix it  Otherwise, why does this happenp  pEdit copy constructorp  precodeWorld.h  Copy Constructor Worldconst Worldamp me       myMap  me.myMap     myObjects  me.myObjects   codepre  p.p  pMCVEp  precode Class1.h  pragma once  include Class2.h  namespace test       class Class1          public          void functiontestClass3amp c3                      myC2gtfunctionthis, c3                   Class1          Class1      private         Class2 myC2       end of namespace    Class2.h  pragma once  namespace test       class Class1     class Class3      class Class2          public          virtual void functionClass1 c1, Class3 c3  0          void otherFunction          Class2         Class2      private        end of namespace codepre
Negative 10594 pApple documentation says that I need to emchoose the new language from the Primary Language menuemp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsCBMY.png altenter image description herep  pbut I see no such a menu Primary Language menu after clicking About This App. I see just an info window, not selectable at all.p
Negative 10594 pI am learning how to construct a website. In one demo codes for a demo website, one url is as this p  precodehttplocalhosttest.phpqampp1ampp2 codepre  pI know that this URL will run codetest.phpcode in the codevarwwwhtmlcode. But what do codecode, codeqcode, codep1code, codep2code and also the underscore codecode mean p
Negative 10594 pI am totally new to this node.js How to overcome the following error . Tried all possible solutions given on net. And this error occurred after the environmental variables were changed. Please do help me to solve the problem. Thanks in advance. p  precodeCprojectnodetest1gtnpm start  gt nodetest10.0.0 start Cprojectnodetest1 gt node .binwww   npm ERR nodetest10.0.0 start node .binwww npm ERR spawn ENOENT npm ERR npm ERR Failed at the nodetest10.0.0 start script. npm ERR This is most likely a problem with the nodetest1 package, npm ERR not with npm itself. npm ERR Tell the author that this fails on your system npm ERR     node .binwww npm ERR You can get their info via npm ERR     npm owner ls nodetest1 npm ERR There is likely additional logging output above. npm ERR System WindowsNT 6.1.7601 npm ERR command CProgram Filesnodejsnode.exe CProgram Filesnod ejsnodemodulesnpmbinnpmcli.js start npm ERR cwd Cprojectnodetest1 npm ERR node v v0.10.33 npm ERR npm v 1.4.28 npm ERR syscall spawn npm ERR code ELIFECYCLE npm ERR errno ENOENT npm ERR nodetest10.0.0 start node .binwww npm ERR Exit status 1 npm ERR npm ERR Failed at the nodetest10.0.0 start script. npm ERR This is most likely a problem with the nodetest1 package, npm ERR not with npm itself. npm ERR Tell the author that this fails on your system npm ERR     node .binwww npm ERR You can get their info via npm ERR     npm owner ls nodetest1 npm ERR There is likely additional logging output above.  npm ERR System WindowsNT 6.1.7601 npm ERR command CProgram Filesnodejsnode.exe CProgram Filesnod ejsnodemodulesnpmbinnpmcli.js start npm ERR cwd Cprojectnodetest1 npm ERR node v v0.10.33 npm ERR npm v 1.4.28 npm ERR code ELIFECYCLE npm ERR npm ERR Additional logging details can be found in npm ERR     Cprojectnodetest1npmdebug.log npm ERR not ok code 0 codepre  hr  pThe package.json is p  precode    name nodetest1,   version 0.0.0,   private true,   scripts    start node .binwww  ,   dependencies    bodyparser 1.8.1,   cookieparser 1.3.3,   debug 2.0.0,   express 4.9.0,   expresssession 1.9.3,   jade 1.6.0,   mongodb ,   mongoose 3.8.21,   monk ,   morgan 1.3.0,   nodemon ,   passport ,   passportlocal ,   servefavicon 2.1.3   codepre  pp
Negative 10594 pIf it works and I click another link then it stops working. If I click again the same link it starts working again. I have included the CDNs up top and Script at the bottom. I dont think that it has anything to do with the if statement as it would hide the whole navbar. p  precodelt nav gt lt if usersignedin gt ltnav classnavbar navbarinverse rolenavigationgt ltdiv classcontainerfluidgt   lt Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display gt   ltdiv classnavbarheadergt     ltbutton typebutton classnavbartoggle collapsed datatogglecollapse datatargetbsexamplenavbarcollapse1gt       ltspan classsronlygtToggle navigationltspangt       ltspan classiconbargtltspangt       ltspan classiconbargtltspangt       ltspan classiconbargtltspangt     ltbuttongt     lta classnavbarbrand href gt dempowltagt   ltdivgt    lt Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling gt  ltdiv classcollapse navbarcollapse idbsexamplenavbarcollapse1gt     ltul classnav navbarnavgt        ltligt     ltulgt      ltul classnav navbarnav navbarrightgt       ltli classdropdowngt         lta classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdown rolebutton ariaexpandedfalsegtContltspan classcaretgtltspangtltagt         ltul classdropdownmenu rolemenugt           ltligtlt linkto Ieire, destroyusersessionpath gtltligt           ltligtlt linkto Editare Detalii Cont, edituserregistrationpath gtltligt          ltulgt       ltligt     ltulgt     lt end gt    ltdivgtlt .navbarcollapse gt codepre  p p  p I just observed that it does not work at all when collapsed.p
Negative 10594 pHello here a webmethod auto generated by wsdl.exep  precode[System.Web.Services.Protocols.SoapDocumentMethodAttributehttptempuri.orgGetTitles, RequestNamespacehttptempuri.org, ResponseNamespacehttptempuri.org, UseSystem.Web.Services.Description.SoapBindingUse.Literal, ParameterStyleSystem.Web.Services.Protocols.SoapParameterStyle.Wrapped] public TitleS[] GetTitlesint[] ids      object[] results  this.InvokeGetTitles, new object[]                  ids     return TitleS[]results[0]  codepre  pI would like to get the soap xml or just Soap body xml of this calling method and never call the Invoke method. The result I would like to get is that  p  precodeltsoapBodygt ltGetTitles xmlnshttptempuri.orggt   ltidsgt     ltidgt1ltidgt   ltidsgt ltGetTitlesgt codepre  p     How can have this result, is it possible to have a simple method to build soap body from a method and its parameters because I have lot of Webmethodsp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pFor faster testing and to have access to a greater number of devices I wish to run my rspec capybara tests via sauce labs. However I am having problems running the it blocks in rspec sequentially.I generally test different functionality of pages in different it blocks as shown belowp  precodedescribe website ordering do    it should have items listed on page do     test steps to check if item is on page    end    it should be able to add item to shopping cart     test steps to add items to cart    end  end codepre  pWhen I run tests locally on my browser this works. The browser windows stays opens and the tests follow from it block to it block without any issues. But via sauce labs it seems to reset the session after each it block and as such my tests fails. I have tried to monkeypatch the reset session method using thisp  precodemodule Capybara     def self.resetsessions        Do nothing     end end  codepre  pBut this does not seem to have any affect. I dont want to rewrite my entire test suite so that there is only 1 test per spec file, have over 600 tests so not really feasible Has anyone encountered this problem and if so how did you deal with it.p
Negative 10594 pCan the token itself be parsed from other values from within the property filep  pIs it possible to emevaluateem the token key, without hardcoding the token Can the token itself be parsed from other values from within the property filep  pFor example, if the properties file has the following tokens emtest.propertiesemp  precodemoduleno          01 modulecode        bb  title01aa    ABC title02aa    DEF title03aa    GHI title01bb    JKL title02bb    MNO title03bb    PQR codepre  pContents of build.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltproject defaultreplgt     ltproperty filetest.properties gt     lttarget namereplgt         ltreplace filetest.txt tokenmoduletitle valuetitlemodulenomodulecode gt     lttargetgt ltprojectgt codepre  pSample content with textp  precodeWelcome to moduletitle. codepre  pThe replace task will result inp  precodeWelcome to title01bb. codepre  pHow to achieve this insteadp  precodeWelcome to JKL. codepre  pThis might be very basic, but please do guide me in the right direction. Thank you.p
Negative 10594 pIn Android settings users can turn off notification if they dont want to. So is there any method that like codeisNotificationAllowedcode to check is my app is allowed to show notification And how to open android setting page to guide my users to turn on notificationp
Negative 10594 pI recently entered the developer options and tried to use USB debugging. However, I accidentally clicked Revoke USB debugging authorizations and I found out that my phone cannot connect to the computer via USB anymore.p  pI am not very good with android or computers, so can someone please help me resolve the issue from clicking Revoke USE debugging authorizations or reauthorizate it with details and clear explanation p  pThank you so muchp
Negative 10594 pI have a text file that contains metadata and file paths for each document set.  Metadata is only assigned at the beginning of the set, but the set may contain one or more documents.  I need to create a CSV or XML output for each document set each object starts with BEGIN  so I can import into another system.  p  pI have a PS script that is parsing out each object from the text file and creating a delimted string for each object, but I am thinking this is not the most efficient way to parse this data.  Can anyone help guide me in the right direction in parsing this text file and setting up the XMLCSV output correctlyp  pstrongPOTENTIAL ISSUESstrongp  ol liObjects can have one or more user namesli liObjects can have one or more paths for the image fileli ol  pstrongSAMPLE TEXT FILEstrong p  precodeBEGIN DocTypeName SAMPLE gtgtDocDate 12112008 Reference  0001122 User Name George Washington User Name Martha Washington gtgtIRRELEVANT DATA  ... gtgtFileName [path]761019.TIF gtgtIRRELEVANT DATA  ... gtgtFileName [path]761020.TIF BEGIN DocTypeName SAMPLE gtgtDocDate 12112008 Reference  0001123 User Name Abe Lincoln gtgtIRRELEVANT DATA  ... gtgtFileName [path]761021.TIF gtgtIRRELEVANT DATA  ... gtgtFileName [path]761022.TIF codepre
Negative 10594 pHeres a code example that doesnt compilep  precodepublic class Test      public static void mainString[] args          method1           public static void methodint... x          System.out.printlnvarargs           public static void methodInteger... x          System.out.printlnsingle       codepre  pCan someone tell me the reason why these methods are ambiguous  Thank you in advance.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to create a Portable Class Library which uses Autofac, but I am getting an installation error. I run p  precodeInstallPackage Autofac codepre  pWhich results in the followingp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comln2N6.png altenter image description herep  pHere are the targets of my Portable Class Library.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comdwyS6.png altenter image description herep  pWhen I look at the Autofac package downloaded through the nuget for other projects, it looks like it should support my PCL. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.combWY1s.png altenter image description herep  pI have even downloaded the source for Autofac and here are the targets for the Autofac project. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comreEYW.png altenter image description herep  pSo, why am I seeing the error This is not specific to Autofac either. I get similar errors with other frameworks such as Portable.Ninject. I have tried creating PCLs with various permutations of targets and nothing seems to work. p
Negative 10594 pI have a Flask app with a few simple Jinja2 templates. In addition I use FlaskAssetspyScss for CSS.p  pIf a single users works with the app then everything works great. If a small number of people less than 20 access the app in parallel then the response time emsometimesem goes way up and it feels like the server is not responding at all.p  pI tried code ab n 1000 c 20 httpmyapp codep  pBut I wasnt able to reproduce the issue artificially. How would you debug this kind of problem p
Negative 10594 pIm developing this app and Im struggling with a problem.p  pBasically I have Tabs and each Tab contains a Chart that can be dynamically generated by user input e.g. user type something in the input field and it plots the requested data. The user input is submitted via a Form likep  precodeltform methodPOST idmyformgt     ltpgtltinput idtextgtltpgt     ltbutton nametestgttestltbuttongt ltformgt codepre  pThe chart is generated by a file called codechart.htmlcode with passedin data input. So ive included a line in the codemain.htmlcode like      code include chart.html with datainputdatainput codep  pIve created a view codegetdatacode to generate the datainput p  precodedef view1request      do something     return dataobject codepre  pAlso in a view called codemaincode i havep  precodedef mainrequest     data  view1request     return renderrequest,main.html,data codepre  pThe problem is the page always gets reloaded and the chart always goes into the first tab instead of the current one. I know that I might should use things like codeajaxcode but Im having a hard time to put these techniques in one piece since Im still a newbie. I appreciate any helpp
Negative 10594 pI cant seem to change the codenormalStatecode of codeTintCheckBoxcode, but the check state has the right tint. Right now i am going with this strategy,  Make a codeColorSelectorcode and apply in on codeandroidbackgroundTintcode. But this isnt working as required. p  pIs there any way I can style my codeTintCheckBoxcode and codeTintRadioButtoncode  for different states as in pressed, focused etc.p  pP.S The solution needs to work for 4 API level. p
Negative 10594 pI installed Omnisharp and I am able to get autocompletion with lt CtrlX   lt CtrlO , but this is obviously not ideal as you have to keep hitting this weird combination of keys. I have also installed neocomplete bundle to try and get autocompletion while I type but I am not getting the same autocompletions that come with Omnisharp.p  pI tried to used these neocomplete settings supplied from the Omnisharp github page in my vimrc, which gives me an error when used on its own a hrefhttpsgithub.comOmniSharpomnisharpvimwikiExampleNeoCompleteSettings relnofollowhttpsgithub.comOmniSharpomnisharpvimwikiExampleNeoCompleteSettingsap  pAnd paired with the example settings on the main page here a hrefhttpsgithub.comOmniSharpomnisharpvim relnofollowhttpsgithub.comOmniSharpomnisharpvimap  pSeems to run without errors, but again is not giving me the autocompletions that are consistent with what I get from hitting lt CtrlX   lt CtrlO p  pThis is what my .vimrc currently looks likep  precodeexecute pathogeninfect   OmniSharp wont work without this setting filetype plugin on  This is the default value, setting it isnt actually necessary let gOmniSharphost  httplocalhost2000  Set the type lookup function to use the preview window instead of the status line let gOmniSharptypeLookupInPreview  1  Timeout in seconds to wait for a response from the server let gOmniSharptimeout  1  Showmatch significantly slows down omnicomplete when the first match contains parentheses. set noshowmatch  Super tab settings  uncomment the next 4 lines let gSuperTabDefaultCompletionType  context let gSuperTabContextDefaultCompletionType  ltcxgtltcogt let gSuperTabDefaultCompletionTypeDiscovery  [ampomnifuncltcxgtltcogt,ampcompletefuncltcxgtltcngt] let gSuperTabClosePreviewOnPopupClose  1  dont autoselect first item in omnicomplete, show if only one item for preview remove preview if you dont want to see any documentation whatsoever. set completeoptlongest,menuone,preview  Fetch full documentation during omnicomplete requests.   There is a performance penalty with this especially on Mono  By default, only TypeMethod signatures are fetched. Full documentation can still be fetched when  you need it with the OmniSharpDocumentation command.  let gomnicompletefetchdocumentation1  Move the preview window code documentation to the bottom of the screen, so it doesnt move the code You might also want to look at the echodoc plugin set splitbelow   Get Code Issues and syntax errors let gsyntasticcscheckers  [syntax, semantic, issues]  augroup omnisharpcommands     autocmd      Set autocomplete function to OmniSharp if not using YouCompleteMe completion plugin     autocmd FileType cs setlocal omnifuncOmniSharpComplete       Synchronous build blocks Vim     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltF5gt waltcrgtOmniSharpBuildltcrgt      Builds can also run asynchronously with vimdispatch installed     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltleadergtb waltcrgtOmniSharpBuildAsyncltcrgt      automatic syntax check on events TextChanged requires Vim 7.4     autocmd BufEnter,TextChanged,InsertLeave .cs SyntasticCheck       Automatically add new cs files to the nearest project on save     autocmd BufWritePost .cs call OmniSharpAddToProject      show type information automatically when the cursor stops moving     autocmd CursorHold .cs call OmniSharpTypeLookupWithoutDocumentation      The following commands are contextual, based on the current cursor position.      autocmd FileType cs nnoremap gd OmniSharpGotoDefinitionltcrgt     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltleadergtfi OmniSharpFindImplementationsltcrgt     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltleadergtft OmniSharpFindTypeltcrgt     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltleadergtfs OmniSharpFindSymbolltcrgt     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltleadergtfu OmniSharpFindUsagesltcrgt     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltleadergtfm OmniSharpFindMembersltcrgt finds members in the current buffer      cursor can be anywhere on the line containing an issue      autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltleadergtx  OmniSharpFixIssueltcrgt       autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltleadergtfx OmniSharpFixUsingsltcrgt     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltleadergttt OmniSharpTypeLookupltcrgt     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltleadergtdc OmniSharpDocumentationltcrgt     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltCKgt OmniSharpNavigateUpltcrgt navigate up by methodpropertyfield     autocmd FileType cs nnoremap ltCJgt OmniSharpNavigateDownltcrgt navigate down by methodpropertyfield  augroup END    this setting controls how long to wait in ms before fetching type  symbol information. set updatetime500  Remove Press Enter to continue message when type information is longer than one line. set cmdheight2   Contextual code actions requires CtrlP nnoremap ltleadergtltspacegt OmniSharpGetCodeActionsltcrgt  Run code actions with text selected in visual mode to extract method vnoremap ltleadergtltspacegt call OmniSharpGetCodeActionsvisualltcrgt   rename with dialog nnoremap ltleadergtnm OmniSharpRenameltcrgt nnoremap ltF2gt OmniSharpRenameltcrgt        rename without dialog  with cursor on the symbol to rename... Rename newname command nargs1 Rename call OmniSharpRenameToltargsgt   Force OmniSharp to reload the solution. Useful when switching branches etc. nnoremap ltleadergtrl OmniSharpReloadSolutionltcrgt nnoremap ltleadergtcf OmniSharpCodeFormatltcrgt  Load the current .cs file to the nearest project nnoremap ltleadergttp OmniSharpAddToProjectltcrgt   Experimental  uses vimdispatch or vimproc plugin  Start the omnisharp server for the current solution nnoremap ltleadergtss OmniSharpStartServerltcrgt nnoremap ltleadergtsp OmniSharpStopServerltcrgt   Add syntax highlighting for types and interfaces nnoremap ltleadergtth OmniSharpHighlightTypesltcrgt Dont ask to save when changing buffers i.e. when jumping to a type definition set hidden  autocmd FileType cs setlocal omnifuncOmniSharpComplete Note This option must set it in .vimrcvimrc.  NOT IN .gvimrcgvimrc  Disable AutoComplPop. let gacpenableAtStartup  0  Use neocomplete. let gneocompleteenableatstartup  1  Dont Use smartcase. let gneocompleteenablesmartcase  0 let gneocompleteenableautoclosepreview  0  Define dictionary. let gneocompletesourcesdictionarydictionaries        default  ,      vimshell  HOME..vimshellhist             Plugin keymappings. inoremap ltexprgtltCggt     neocompleteundocompletion inoremap ltexprgtltClgt     neocompletecompletecommonstring   Recommended keymappings.  ltCRgt close popup and save indent. inoremap ltsilentgt ltCRgt ltCrgtltSIDgtmycrfunctionltCRgt function smycrfunction   return neocompleteclosepopup . ltCRgt    For no inserting ltCRgt key.   return pumvisible  neocompleteclosepopup  ltCRgt endfunction  ltTABgt completion. inoremap ltexprgtltTABgt  pumvisible  ltCngt  ltTABgt inoremap ltexprgtltSTABgt  pumvisible  ltCpgt  ltTABgt  ltChgt, ltBSgt close popup and delete backword char. inoremap ltexprgtltChgt neocompletesmartclosepopup.ltChgt inoremap ltexprgtltBSgt neocompletesmartclosepopup.ltChgt inoremap ltexprgtltCygt  neocompleteclosepopup inoremap ltexprgtltCegt  neocompletecancelpopup  let gneocompleteenableautoselect  0 let gneocompletedisableautocomplete  0   Enable heavy omni completion.  call neocompletecustomsource, sorters, []  if existsgneocompletesources         let gneocompletesources   endif  if existsgneocompletesourcesomniinputpatterns   let gneocompletesourcesomniinputpatterns   endif  let gneocompletesourcesomniinputpatterns.cs  .[] let gneocompletesources.cs  [omni] let gneocompleteenablerefreshalways  0 let gechodocenableatstartup  1 let gneocompleteenableinsertcharpre  1 codepre
Negative 10594 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTPbGL.png altenter image description hereIm currently having trouble with phantomjs. I have done codebrew install phantomjscode and codegem install phantomjscode. When starting the app with coderails scode Im promted with this codecannot load such file  phantomjspoltergeist LoadErrorcodep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTPbGL.png altenter image description herep
Negative 10594 pIm using the following command to reset a remote machine s password.p  precodeuserDomaindomainadmin passdapassword  ConvertToSecureString AsPlainText Force credsNewObject System.Management.Automation.PSCredential ArgumentList UserName, pass InvokeCommand Credential creds ComputerName DomainControllerMachine ScriptBlock  ComputerName   SomeRemoteHost  ImportModule ActiveDirectory  ResetComputerMachinePassword Server ComputerName  codepre  pI keep getting Access is denied error.p  precodeThis command cannot be executed on target computerDomainControllerMachine due to following error Access is  denied.      CategoryInfo           InvalidOperation DomainControllerMachineString [ResetComputerMachinePasswor    d], InvalidOperationException      FullyQualifiedErrorId  InvalidOperationException,Microsoft.PowerShell.Commands.ResetCompute    rMachinePasswordCommand codepre  pThe account I use has all levels of access to the ActiveDirectory. So there wont be a issue with the credentials used for authentication.p  pIf I run the same command on the DomainControllerMachine logged in as same user it works fine.p  precodeImportModule ActiveDirectory  ResetComputerMachinePassword Server SomeRemoteHost codepre  pEven the whole invokecommand block above just works without complaining on the DomainControllerMachine. But when I do it remotely through InvokeCommand, or EnterPSSession I get that dreaded access denied error..p  pIve also tried using CredSSP after setting up the WSManCredSSP Client, delegation and Server on the machines with no luck.p  pI may have missed something, or is there a better way to handle such a casep
Negative 10594 pIm currently trying to use libsass with my node project by using codenodesassmiddlewarecode. For some reason, though, my styles arent being compiled or handled properly Note this is a practically vanilla express project. Here is what my codeapp.jscode looks likep  precode... app.usecookieParser app.use   sassMiddleware     src dirname  sass,     dest dirname  publicstylesheets,     prefix stylesheets,     outputStyle compressed,     includePaths [dirname  bowercomponentsfoundationscss]      app.useexpress.staticpath.joindirname, public  app.use, routes app.useusers, users ... codepre  pIve got a couple Sass files at codesassapp.scsscode and codesasssettings.scsscode spoiler alert  Im using Foundation, which should deploy at codepublicstylesheetsapp.csscode and codepublicstylesheetssettings.csscode, respectively For completeness, codesettings.scsscode should never directly be rendered  its just an include.p  pThe issue Im seeing is when I try and put a request for codepublicstylesheetsapp.csscode  its rendering the strongroot pathstrong of the web page. Its very strange. Here is the stdout logs I get when I curlp  precodeathanfoo dAexternalgt npm start  gt external0.0.0 start homeathandevAFCexternal gt node .binwww  GET  304 294.085 ms   GET stylesheetsapp.css 500 195.516 ms  5818 GET someImage.png GET somethingElse.png ... codepre  pthat is to say, codecurl localhost3000stylesheetsapp.csscode returns what should emonlyem be codecurl localhost3000code. Does anyone know why this behaviour is happening Or even better, how to diagnose Sass errors with libsass nothing like a syntax error is alluded. Any help with this would be tremendousp
Negative 10594 pI am working on a drawing app , first assign an image to imageview, and the user can draw on it. p  pThe problem is , the touch area is on the left top corner , and its size is the same as the unscale image assign to the bitmap same as the android icon at right bottom corner, but the touch area should be exactly the same of the android picture in center p  pI attempt show the canvas which is fit exactly the image , so how can I fit exactly when I draw on the image thanksp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0PiqU.png altenter image description herep  pHere is the strongjava codestrongp  precode  public class MainActivity extends ActionBarActivity implements OnTouchListener          private ImageView img         private float downx         private float downy         private float upx         private float upy         private Paint paint         private Canvas tempCanvas         private Bitmap myBitmap         private PhotoViewAttacher mAttacher         private Path path         private RelativeLayout body          Override         protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState              super.onCreatesavedInstanceState             setContentViewR.layout.activitymain              img  ImageView findViewByIdR.id.img             body  RelativeLayout findViewByIdR.id.body              myBitmap  BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetResources,R.drawable.iclauncher              Create a new image bitmap and attach a brand new canvas to it             Bitmap tempBitmap  Bitmap.createBitmapmyBitmap.getWidth, myBitmap.getHeight, Bitmap.Config.RGB565             tempCanvas  new CanvastempBitmap              Draw the image bitmap into the cavas             tempCanvas.drawBitmapmyBitmap, 0, 0, null              paint  new Paint             paint.setAntiAliastrue             paint.setStrokeWidth5.0f             paint.setColorColor.YELLOW             paint.setStylePaint.Style.STROKE             paint.setStrokeJoinPaint.Join.ROUND             paint.setStrokeCapPaint.Cap.ROUND             paint.setXfermodenew PorterDuffXfermodePorterDuff.Mode.ADD              tempCanvas.drawColorColor.YELLOW              Attach the canvas to the ImageView             img.setImageDrawablenew BitmapDrawablegetResources, tempBitmap              img.set             mAttacher  new PhotoViewAttacherimg             mAttacher.setZoomablefalse                path  new Path              body.setOnTouchListenerthis                   Override         public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event              float eventX  event.getX             float eventY  event.getY              switch event.getAction                  case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN                     path.moveToeventX, eventY                     return true                 case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE                     path.lineToeventX, eventY                     tempCanvas.drawPathpath, paint                     break                 case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP                     break                 default                     return false                           img.invalidate             return true               codepre  pAnd the strongxmlstrongp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidididbody     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent gt      ltImageView         androidididimg         androidadjustViewBoundstrue         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightmatchparent gt      ltImageView         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue         androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue         androidpadding5dp         androidsrcdrawableiclauncher gt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre
Negative 10594 pIm having a hard time figuring this out.p  pThis is my html with drop down list, its working as it should. But the thing is, I dont have a clue on how to output the Stock data thats in Stock Column of itemprofile table in a way that every time I pick a different product on the drop down list, Stock value should also change accordingly.p  precodelthtmlgt ltbodygt ltformgt ltselect nameproduct gt ltphp mysqli  new mysqlilocalhost, root, ,bsystem results  mysqligtquerySELECT  FROM itemprofile     if results           whileobj  resultsgtfetchobject                      echo ltoption value.objgtproductname.gt.objgtproductname.ltoptiongt                   gt ltselectgt  Available Stock ltphp NO CLUE WHAT TO DO HEREgt ltformgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pThe content of my databasep  precode3 columns id, productname, stock             1   item1         50             2   item2         30             3   item3         10 codepre  pHope you guys can help me out figuring this out. Thanksp  pEdit my code so far.p  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltscript srccode.jquery.comjquery1.11.2.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt  ltbodygt  ltselect idselectItemgt     ltoptiongt Select item ltoptiongt     ltphp     mysqli  new mysqlilocalhost, root, ,bsystem     results  mysqligtquerySELECT  FROM itemprofile     itemsStock  array  create an array where you will keep your stock values for each item     if results           whileobj  resultsgtfetchobject             echo ltoption value.objgtproductname.gt.objgtproductname.ltoptiongt             itemsStock[objgtid]  objgtstock  fill array with stock values                    gt ltselectgt  Available stock ltdiv idstockValuegtltdivgt  ltscriptgt  var stockValues  ltphp echo jsonencodeitemsStockgt  transfer array that contains item stock values from php to the javascript array      selectItem.changefunction  on every DropDown change         var ItemID  this.val  get selected item id         console.logItemID         var ItemStockValue  stockValues[ItemID]  search stock value in your array of stock values by using ItemID         stockValue.htmlItemStockValue  update Available stock for selected item      ltscriptgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI was converting a C webapi project to F using the F ASP.NET templates. Everything is working great except optional query parameters. I keep getting this errorp  precode     message The request is invalid.,     messageDetail The parameters dictionary contains an invalid entry for parameter start for method System.Threading.Tasks.Task1[System.Net.Http.HttpResponseMessage] GetVendorFilesInt32, System.Nullable1[System.DateTime] in Thor.WebApi.VendorFilesController. The dictionary contains a value of type System.Reflection.Missing, but the parameter requires a value of type System.Nullable1[System.DateTime].  codepre  pF function signaturep  precode[ltHttpGet Routegt] member x.GetVendorFiles [ltOptional DefaultParameterValue100gt] count, [ltOptional DefaultParameterValuenullgt] start  NullableltDateTimegt   codepre  pC function signaturep  pre classlangcs prettyprintoverridecode[HttpGet] [Route] public async TaskltHttpResponseMessagegt GetVendorFilesint count  100,DateTime start  null codepre  pDoes anyone know of any workaroundsp  pstrongUpdatedstrong I figured out the cause of this issue. ASP.NET extracts default values for controller actions a hrefhttpsgithub.comASPNETMVCaspnetwebstackblob0ee98f84b41b6bef6bde6945e2797de9dac7d48asrcSystem.Web.HttpControllersReflectedHttpParameterDescriptor.csL37using ParameterInfoa. Apparently the F compiler doesnt compile default values the same way as C does even with the codeDefaultParameterValueAttributecodep  pWhats the best way or working around this Would it be some filter that I need to inject or implement my own codeParameterBindingcodep
Negative 10594 pI have a binary file of numbers, for example 1234. I need to reverse it strongin Cstrong to become 4321 without structures or arrays to help me. I thought of having to file pointers one to the beggining and one to the end, and swap them until they reach each other.p  pThis is my codep  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt int main  FILE f1 f1  fopenCtempfile2.bin,rb if f1      fprintfstderr, file doesnt exist     exit1  reversef1 fclosef1 exit0   void reverseFILE fr  int i1  0, i2  2 char c  0, tmp  0, size FILE f1  fr fseekfr, 0, SEEKEND size  ftellfr fseekfr, 1, SEEKEND while i1  i2  size2      freadampc,1, 1, fr     fseekf1, i1, SEEKSET     freadamptmp, 1, 1, f1     fwriteampc,1, 1, f1     fwriteamptmp, 1, 1, fr     fseekfr, i2, SEEKEND     i1     i2  fclosef1  codepre  pIt seems allright and doesnt have any bugs but the file remains the same.p
Negative 10594 pI have tried to log in to the G and Facebook from the inapp browser inside the hybrid app, the problem is that when i gave the permissions to the app, it is redirecting me to page cannot be displayed page, please help p
Negative 10594 pI have an assignment that requires me to create a simple character design program that takes in five characteristics and stores them. At the end of the character creation the program needs to ask if the user wants to view, edit, or create a character.p  pAnd now I have to create a data structure and the ability to save and load a character and I need a lot of help. I have very little knowledge in programming.p  precode Default Character Class  Character  power  0, speed  0, defense  0, intelligence  0, stamina  0   function Charactercreate n     n  n or      setmetatablen, self     self.index  self     return n end    Function to take user input function input      print please enter the power level     local Power  io.read     print please enter the speed level     local Speed  io.read     print please enter the defense level     local Defense  io.read     print please enter the intellegence level     local intelligence  io.read     print please enter the Stamina level     local Stamina  io.read end   main loop function MainMenu      selection  1, 2, 3 or 4     while selection  1,2, 3 or 4         print 1. would you like to edit your character         print 2. would you like to create a new character         print 3. would you like to view a character          print 4. would you like to exit the screen          if selection  1 then   I was uncertain on how to call an already made character or data so I used this method to just recreate a character             print characterinput         elseif selection  2 then             print characterinput         elseif selection  3 then             print last.character, input  was also unsure on how to code this portion as well.         elseif selection  4 then             io.exit          else selection is  selection         print please select from the number below 14          end     end end  update menu codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a little app built around springbatch and springbatchadmim that was mostly working, then I had a facepalm moment and had to add XA transactioning to it.  No big deal, this is a common enough pattern.  As soon as I did this, commits stopped happening on any transaction manager.p  pThe springbatch launcher executes its work, the logs say the work was committed, but the commit never happened.p  pI traced through the spring code into the JDBC driver.  In the debugger, I have confirmed that the commit methods are being called all the way into the driver, but the connection protocol state has already been idled before the drivers commit method is called, so no commit is executed.  It appears that the connection is returned to the pool before the commit, in the beforeCommit trigger.p  pI have confirmed that the same behavior is exhibited under both the org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceTransactionManager with org.apache.commons.dbcp.BasicDataSource, and the BitronixTransactionManager with bitronix.tm.resource.jdbc.PoolingDataSourcep  pI am convinced I am missing something obvious, but I cant see what it is.  If this was normal behavior, then the product would never have worked.  Does anyone out there have any ideasp  pstrongPseudocode for commit from driverstrongp  precodeif protocolstate  IDLE      sendCommandCOMMIT  codepre  pstrongEnvironmentstrongp  precodeOS Windows 7 Java 1.8.025 Spring 3.2.13RELEASE SpringBatch 3.0.2RELEASE Springbatchadmin 1.3.1RELEASE JDBC postgresql 9.31102jdbc41 Database postgresql 9.4 codepre  pstrongTransaction manager configuration XMLstrongp  precodelttxannotationdriven transactionmanagerjtaTransactionManager gt  lt  Bitronix Transaction Manager embedded configuration gt ltbean idbtmConfig factorymethodgetConfiguration classbitronix.tm.TransactionManagerServicesgt     ltproperty nameserverId valuespringbtm gt     ltproperty namelogPart1Filename valueCTEMPbitbtm1.tlog gt     ltproperty namelogPart2Filename valueCTEMPbitbtm2.tlog gt ltbeangt  lt create BTM transaction manager gt ltbean idBitronixTransactionManager factorymethodgetTransactionManager     classbitronix.tm.TransactionManagerServices dependsonbtmConfig destroymethodshutdown gt  ltbean idjtaTransactionManager classorg.springframework.transaction.jta.JtaTransactionManager     dependsonBitronixTransactionManagergt     ltproperty nametransactionManager refBitronixTransactionManager gt     ltproperty nameuserTransaction refBitronixTransactionManager gt ltbeangt    ltalias aliastransactionManager namejtaTransactionManagergt ltalias aliasdataSource namemyDataSourcegt  ltbean idmyDataSource classbitronix.tm.resource.jdbc.PoolingDataSource     initmethodinit destroymethodclose dependsonjtaTransactionManagergt     ltproperty nameclassName valueorg.postgresql.xa.PGXADataSource gt     ltproperty nameuniqueName valuemaxisIlmDataSource gt     ltproperty namemaxPoolSize value30 gt      ltproperty nameallowLocalTransactions valuetruegt      ltproperty namedriverPropertiesgt         ltpropsgt             ltprop keyusergtmeltpropgt             ltprop keypasswordgtmypassltpropgt             ltprop keyurlgtjdbcpostgresqllocalhost5432mydbltpropgt             ltprop keyserverNamegtlocalhostltpropgt             ltprop keyportNumbergt5432ltpropgt             ltprop keydatabaseNamegtmydbltpropgt         ltpropsgt     ltpropertygt ltbeangt codepre  pstrongLog excerpt from executionstrongp  precode214845.929 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG b.tm.BitronixTransactionManager  begun new transaction at Wed Dec 31 225041 CST 1969 214845.929 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  Executing prepared SQL query 214845.929 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  Executing prepared SQL statement [SELECT JOBINSTANCEID, JOBNAME from BATCHJOBINSTANCE where JOBNAME   and JOBKEY  ] 214845.929 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceUtils  Fetching JDBC Connection from DataSource 214845.929 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceUtils  Registering transaction synchronization for JDBC Connection 214845.930 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  Executing prepared SQL query 214845.930 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  Executing prepared SQL statement [SELECT JOBINSTANCEID, JOBNAME from BATCHJOBINSTANCE where JOBNAME   and JOBKEY  ] 214845.933 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  Executing prepared SQL update 214845.935 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  Executing prepared SQL statement [INSERT into BATCHJOBINSTANCEJOBINSTANCEID, JOBNAME, JOBKEY, VERSION values , , , ] 214845.938 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  SQL update affected 1 rows 214845.940 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  Executing prepared SQL update 214845.941 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  Executing prepared SQL statement [INSERT into BATCHJOBEXECUTIONJOBEXECUTIONID, JOBINSTANCEID, STARTTIME, ENDTIME, STATUS, EXITCODE, EXITMESSAGE, VERSION, CREATETIME, LASTUPDATED, JOBCONFIGURATIONLOCATION values , , , , , , , , , , ] 214845.942 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  SQL update affected 1 rows 214845.977 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  Executing prepared SQL update 214845.977 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  Executing prepared SQL statement [INSERT INTO BATCHJOBEXECUTIONCONTEXT SHORTCONTEXT, SERIALIZEDCONTEXT, JOBEXECUTIONID VALUES, , ] 214845.980 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.core.JdbcTemplate  SQL update affected 1 rows 214845.980 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG o.s.jdbc.datasource.DataSourceUtils  Returning JDBC Connection to DataSource 214845.980 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG b.tm.BitronixTransactionManager  committing transaction a Bitronix Transaction with GTRID [737072696E672D62746D00000000010A22560000000F], statusACTIVE, 0 resources enlisted started Wed Dec 31 225041 CST 1969 214845.980 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG bitronix.tm.timer.TaskScheduler  cancelling transaction timeout task on a Bitronix Transaction with GTRID [737072696E672D62746D00000000010A22560000000F], statusACTIVE, 0 resources enlisted started Wed Dec 31 225041 CST 1969 ... 214845.981 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG b.tm.journal.TransactionLogAppender  between 52346 and 52405, writing a Bitronix TransactionLogRecord with statusCOMMITTED, recordLength51, headerLength28, time17441418, sequenceNumber45, crc32367977821, gtrid737072696E672D62746D00000000010A22560000000F, uniqueNames 214845.981 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG b.tm.journal.TransactionLogAppender  disk journal appender now at position 52405 214845.981 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG bitronix.tm.BitronixTransaction  transaction status is changing from COMMITTING to COMMITTED  executing 0 listeners 214845.981 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG bitronix.tm.twopc.Committer  phase 2 commit succeeded with no interested resource 214845.981 [tomcathttp10] DEBUG bitronix.tm.BitronixTransaction  successfully committed a Bitronix Transaction with GTRID [737072696E672D62746D00000000010A22560000000F], statusCOMMITTED, 0 resources enlisted started Wed Dec 31 225041 CST 1969 codepre
Negative 10594 pWhat is the best strategy to deal with duplicate GET requests coming from the same client in an Apache Tomcat servletp  pBasically, what Im getting are 2 request a couple of seconds apart, the first from the clients real IP, the 2nd from a TrendMicro server this appears to be the same effect as described a hrefhttpsecurity.stackexchange.comquestions39616oddduplicatehttprequestsherea.p  pNow my servlet faithfully serves both requests but produces problems later on because it calls another remote service which most likely cannot deal with this situation either.p  pSo the question is, how can I block the 2nd request Or is there any other strategy to address this issuep  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI want to make billboarding using GLSL. For what Ive got so far it works, but not exactly the way I want.p  pMy vertex shader looks like thisp  precodeversion 120  uniform float partSize varying vec2 TexCoord  void mainvoid      TexCoord  glMultiTexCoord0.st     glPosition  glProjectionMatrix  glModelViewMatrix  vec40.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0  vec4glVertex.x, glVertex.y, glVertex.z, 0.0  codepre  pWhat this does, it makes the normal vector of the sprite paralel to the camera view vector, but I want the sprite normal vector to be paralel to the camera position only. p  pSo if my sprite position were code0, 0, 0code And my camera position were code50, 0, 0code and look vector were code0,0,1code I want the sprite to be facing left and not forward, hope you understand me p
Negative 10594 pim trying to use but this error persist, im using rails 3p  precodeCant massassign protected attributes reputationname, targetid, targettype, aggregatedby codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to recognize call when it rings.Recognizer works fine as the button actionlistener but fails to popupactually it pops up amp closing down as the phone starts ringingwhen phone rings.I am giving my full code so that any other errors can be recognized.I have also read a hrefhttpsstackoverflow.comquestions11316146voicerecognizedialogwhileringingphoneVoice recognize dialog while ringing phonea but it did not work for me.Please help.Code link is a hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B1LUSnYaHmJaGhSZThEZHJFQ28viewuspsharing relnofollowhereap
Negative 10594 pI want to export the result of an sql server query into a file.p  pFor this purpose I use the bcp commandp  precodeEXEC master..xpcmdshell bcp select  from customer   queryout Ctesttest.txt T c codepre  pHowever, I need to name the file with the result of getdate, i.e. p  precodequeryout Ctesttestgetdate.txt T c codepre  pCan any one know if we can do it p  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI have an xheight problem with Arabic fonts  it basically breaks the existing layout forcing me to use height attribute on some inputform elements. Which is not cool.p  pThe UI uses Roboto for Latin languages, and Droid Kufi for Arabic. Somehow Roboto doesnt include Arabic characters, so I had to convert Droid Kufi to a webfont with FontSquirrel. The problem is that the xheight of the Arabic font is greater than that of the Latin Roboto, so all input fields, selects and the lines in general are spaced more generously than those of the Latin languages. Which is a bummer, because the layout looks weird now.p  pTurning Droid Kufi off and falling back to system fonts makes everything look good again.p  pSo any tips on either converting or CSS styling except for the quite articulate height attribute to handle both fonts equallyp
Negative 10594 pI have documents that have been converted twice from abandoned readers and that I am converting to DOCX then PDF to read on all my portable devices.  I have succeeded in correcting the hyperlinks to web documents and hyperlinks to internal endnotes at the end of each section and they work properly.  However, when I save the document and reopen it, the association between the endnote references within the body and the text of the endnotes is lost.  VBA Locals states it was deleted.  The working and broken hyperlinks all maintained their order when I walk through them.p  pThe code that created the association isp  precodeftni  1 For Each hlnk In ActiveDocument.Hyperlinks     re.Pattern  [d]     re.Global  True     If re.testhlnk.TextToDisplay Then         nop  1         hlnk.Address           hlnk.SubAddress  ActiveDocument.Bookmarksftni         ftni  ftni  1         nop  1     End If Next hlnk codepre  pThe only way I have found to make the association work before saving is to put the  sign for the address, I have no idea why that even works before saving.  If I make the address  or leave it with path and bookmark name previously tried it does not work.p
Negative 10594 pI need to access a variable from within a nested function like sop  precodefunction         var key  getRandomKeydictionary     resetInputRowdictionary[key]      button.click function          var answer  key           check if user input matches answer the original key         ...           reset key for next check         var key  randomKeydictionary         resetInputRowdictionary[key]       codepre  pSo far, this hasnt been working. When I check the value of codeanswercode it is undefined.p
Negative 10594 pWhen I do codesvn upcode in command prompt on my server, it updates all the committed files. But I do not want that. I want only certain files to be updated. How do I configure svn server to exclude certain dll filesp  pI tried in cmd with,p  precodegtsvn propset svnignore .dll . codepre  pBut it still included dll files in svn up.p  pSo any help on how to exclude themp
Negative 10594 pI have two stringsp  precodeDim OriginalHexBytes as string  616572646E61 Dim PatchedHexBytes as string  616E64726561 codepre  pThen I have a binary file and I need to search for the OriginalHexBytes and replace them with PatchedHexBytes I dont konw the offset where begin to write new bytes p  pHow can I do thisp  pIf needed, I also know how to convert Hex strings in bytes, I use thisp  precodePrivate Function HexToBytesByVal strinput As String As Byte         Dim i As Integer  0         Dim x As Integer  0         Dim bytesstrinput.Length  2 As Byte         Do While strinput.Length gt i  1             Dim lngDecimal As Long  Convert.ToInt32strinput.Substringi, 2, 16             bytesx  Convert.ToBytelngDecimal             i  2             x  1         Loop         Return bytes     End Function codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to upload images to DB using below code,p  pMyJsp.jspp  precodeltform actionImageUploadToDB methodpost enctypemultipartformdatagt     ltdivgt       ltimg altImage1 idImage11 src width130px height90px classimgtotxtgtltbrgtltbrgt       ltinput typefile idfiles11 classfileUploadimgtotxt namefiles3[] style valueSelect Imagegt         ltimg altImage2 idImage12 src width130px height90px classimgtotxtgtltbrgtltbrgt       ltinput typefile idfiles12 classfileUploadimgtotxt namefiles3[] style valueSelect Imagegt         ltimg altImage3 idImage13 src width130px height90px classimgtotxtgtltbrgtltbrgt        ltinput typefile idfiles13 classfileUploadimgtotxt namefiles3[] style valueSelect Imagegt         ltimg altImage4 idImage14 src width130px height90px classimgtotxtgtltbrgtltbrgt       ltinput typefile idfiles14 classfileUploadimgtotxt namefiles3[] style valueSelect Imagegt         ltimg altImage5 idImage15 src width130px height90px classimgtotxtgtltbrgtltbrgt       ltinput typefile idfiles15 classfileUploadimgtotxt namefiles3[] style valueSelect Imagegt         ltdivgt  ltformgt codepre  pI am inserting all uploaded images from above form by using servlet like below,p  precodefinal FileItemFactory factory  new DiskFileItemFactory         final ServletFileUpload fileUpload  new ServletFileUploadfactory         List items  null           LinkedHashMapltString, InputStreamgt fileMap  new LinkedHashMapltString, InputStreamgt          if ServletFileUpload.isMultipartContentrequest               try                  items  fileUpload.parseRequestrequest              catch FileUploadException e                   e.printStackTrace                          System.out.printlnselected images items             if items  null                                      final Iterator iter  items.iterator                 while iter.hasNext                       final FileItem item  FileItem iter.next                      if item.isFormField                                               else                                                     fileMap.putitem.getName, item.getInputStream                         System.out.printlnuploaded images  hereitem.getName                                                               try           try           Class.forNamecom.mysql.jdbc.Driver          catch ClassNotFoundException e                              e.printStackTrace                          con  DriverManager.getConnectionjdbcmysqllocalhost3306raptor15,root,           SetltStringgt keySet  fileMap.keySet          for String fileName  keySet                      String sql INSERT INTO contacts2 images values            PreparedStatement statement              statement  con.prepareStatementsql             statement.setBlob1, fileMap.getfileName              int row  statement.executeUpdate              System.out.printlninserted successfully                              catch SQLException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             System.out.printlnerrror ise                     finally              try                  con.close              catch SQLException e                   TODO Autogenerated catch block                 e.printStackTrace                        codepre  pIf i uploading such as images1.jpg, images2.jpg, images3.jpg, images4.jpg, images5.jpg then my output is p  precodeinserted successfully inserted successfully inserted successfully inserted successfully inserted successfully codepre  pBut if i uploading such as images1.jpg, images2.jpg, images1.jpg, images4.jpg, images2.jpg then my output is p  precodeinserted successfully inserted successfully inserted successfully codepre  pwhen i check my DB there is image1.jpg, image2.jpg, image4.jpg only.I have no idea why that same name of images not inserting to DB.p  pSomeone tell me where i am wrongp  pUpdated  This is for Mr.Kevals answerp  precode    fileMap.putitem.getName    new Date.getTime, item.getInputStream          int count2 5                 for int   k0klt5k                  System.out.printlnfor successfully             String sql INSERT INTO tblMatchImgToImg Class, Subject, CreatedBy, QimgName, Qimg, AimgName, Aimg values , , , , , ,                PreparedStatement statement                  statement  con.prepareStatementsql                   statement.setString1, clas                        statement.setString2, subject                  statement.setString3, uid                   System.out.printlnQimg name islistGet.getk                  statement.setString4, listGet.getk                       System.out.printlnQimg isfileMap.values.toArray[k]                  Object bb  fileMap.values.toArray[k]                  System.out.printlnQimg islistGet2.getlistgetcount                   System.out.printlnfinallyyyyfileMap.getfiles1                  statement.setBinaryStream5, InputStream bb                    System.out.printlnAimg name islistGet.getcount2                  statement.setString6, listGet.getcount2                       System.out.printlnAimg isfileMap.values.toArray[count2]                  Object bb2  fileMap.values.toArray[count2]                  System.out.printlnQimg isfileMap.getfiles2                  String getval2  listGet2.getcount2                  statement.setBinaryStream7, InputStream bb2                   int row  statement.executeUpdate                  System.out.printlninserted successfully                  count2count21              codepre  pIf i upload same images then shows like p  precodefor successfully Qimg name isimage1.jpg Qimg isjava.io.FileInputStreamf747c0 inserted successfully for successfully Qimg name isimage4.jpg Qimg isjava.io.FileInputStreamfd4f30 inserted successfully for successfully Qimg name isimage5.jpg Qimg isjava.io.FileInputStream1b654b9 inserted successfully for successfully Qimg name isimage7.jpg Qimg isjava.io.FileInputStream1303c07 inserted successfully for successfully Qimg name isimage9.jpg Qimg isjava.io.FileInputStream110b3f6  java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 9 codepre
Negative 10594 pI am making a login app with android. Evrything is working fine but the problem is when the back button is pressed twice the session loggedout will be restored Whatseems to be the problemp  pcode snippet for logging outp  precodepublic void logoutUser          Clearing all data from Shared Preferences         editor.clear         editor.commit           Intent i  new Intentcontext, Login.class          Closing all the Activities         i.addFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP           Add new Flag to start new Activity         i.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYNEWTASK           context.startActivityi      codepre  pCalling the logout methodp  precodebtnLogout.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener                       public void onClickView view                           Launching All products Activity                         session.logoutUser                         Intent i  new IntentgetApplicationContext, Login.class                         startActivityi                                        codepre  pLogin codep  precodenameValuePairs  new ArrayListltNameValuePairgt2              nameValuePairs.addnew BasicNameValuePairusername,et.getText.toString.trim   Edittextvalue  POST[Edittextvalue]             nameValuePairs.addnew BasicNameValuePairpassword,pass.getText.toString.trim              httppost.setEntitynew UrlEncodedFormEntitynameValuePairs              responsehttpclient.executehttppost              ResponseHandlerltStringgt responseHandler  new BasicResponseHandler             final String response  httpclient.executehttppost, responseHandler             System.out.printlnResponse    response              runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                  public void run                      tv.setTextResponse from PHP    response                     dialog.dismiss                                            String username  et.getText.toString.trim             ifresponse.equalsIgnoreCaseUser Found                   session.createLoginSessionusername                 runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                      public void run                          Toast.makeTextLogin.this,Login Success, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                         startActivitynew IntentLogin.this, AndroidTabLayoutActivity.class                                                     else ifresponse.equalsIgnoreCaseNot Employee                 showAlertNotEmployee             else ifresponse.equalsIgnoreCaseDisabled                 showAlertDisabled             else                 showAlertNotFound                                       catchException e             dialog.dismiss             System.out.printlnException    e.getMessage                   public void showAlertNotFound         Login.this.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable              public void run                  AlertDialog.Builder builder  new AlertDialog.BuilderLogin.this                 builder.setTitleLogin Error.                 builder.setMessageUser not Found.                          .setCancelablefalse                        .setPositiveButtonOK, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                             public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int id                                                                                           AlertDialog alert  builder.create                 alert.show                                                public void showAlertDisabled         Login.this.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable              public void run                  AlertDialog.Builder builder  new AlertDialog.BuilderLogin.this                 builder.setTitleLogin Error.                 builder.setMessageAccount Disabled.                          .setCancelablefalse                        .setPositiveButtonOK, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                             public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int id                                                                                           AlertDialog alert  builder.create                 alert.show                                                public void showAlertNotEmployee         Login.this.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable              public void run                  AlertDialog.Builder builder  new AlertDialog.BuilderLogin.this                 builder.setTitleLogin Error.                 builder.setMessageEmployee Account Only                          .setCancelablefalse                        .setPositiveButtonOK, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                             public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int id                                                                                           AlertDialog alert  builder.create                 alert.show                                             codepre
Negative 10594 pIs there a way to let the user always choose which application browser that should open a specific link Similar to what happens if the user hasnt chosen the default program yet.p  pMy codep  precode            Intent intent  new IntentIntent.ACTIONVIEW             forumintent.setDataUri.parseurl             startActivityintent codepre
Negative 10594 pI want to display multiple pictures in a row Output file i.e. HTMLp  pBut I am unable to display the more than one picture in HTML.p  pBelow is my code p  precodeWebServletretrieveServlet public class ImageRetrieveDBServlet extends HttpServlet    database connection settings private String dbURL  jdbcmysqllocalhost3306imagetest my database name is imagetest private String dbUser  root private String dbPass  root   protected void doGetHttpServletRequest request,         HttpServletResponse response throws ServletException, IOException       Connection conn  null  connection to the database     String message  null   message will be sent back to client      try      response.setContentTypeimagejpeg            connects to the database         DriverManager.registerDrivernew com.mysql.jdbc.Driver         conn  DriverManager.getConnectiondbURL, dbUser, dbPass           constructs SQL statement         String sql  select  from contacts         PreparedStatement statement  conn.prepareStatementsql       sends the statement to the database server         ResultSet resultSet  statement.executeQuery      whileresultSet.next        response.getOutputStream.writeresultSet.getBytesphoto       response.getOutputStream.flush                    catch SQLException ex          message  ERROR   ex.getMessage         ex.printStackTrace      finally             if conn  null                    closes the database connection             try                       conn.close          catch SQLException ex                       ex.printStackTrace                               codepre  pp  blockquote   pThe above code is working to display only one image irrespective to no. of records in the Database.p blockquote  pIs this way is correct approach to retrieve an image stored in byte format p
Negative 10594 pI am new to java and android developement  I am writting one xml file to my RSS feed  Well my main probelm is that I am not able to execute statement as p  precodeFileWriter writer  new FileWriterwebfeederiter.xml codepre  pI am getting exception as FileNotFound,  I cehck lots of option but nothing is working , my file is completly closed and I have all rights. One more I tried to put file in many location from src , assets but seems nothing is working p  pAny help  Thank in adavnce p
Negative 10594 pI am looking to automatically export an MBTiles file created using TileMill into Mapbox. Im using version 0.10 of TileMill for Ubuntu. I am able to create the MBTiles automatically usingp  pstrongTMindex.js export formatmbtiles projectname file.mbtilesstrong  p  pwhere TM points to the tilemill installation directory.p  pAccording to the manual page for TileMill, there are several options that can be used to automatically direct the MBTiles to MapBox I have an account. But upon tryingp  pstrongTMindex.js export formatmbtiles syncAccountlogin syncAccessTokentoken projectname file.mbtilesstrongp  pI get the following errorp  pstrongMapBox Hosting account response undefined Completing export process Error Status 404 from Mapboxstrongp  pAny advice is greatly appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pstrongMainActivity.javastrongp  precodepackage com.example.desperado.sunshine  import android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.app.Fragment import android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuItem import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup  import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.Arrays import java.util.List   public class MainActivity extends ActionBarActivity       Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain         if savedInstanceState  null              getSupportFragmentManager.beginTransaction                     .addR.id.container, new PlaceholderFragment                     .commit                     Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.main, menu         return true           Override     public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item           Handle action bar item clicks here. The action bar will          automatically handle clicks on the HomeUp button, so long          as you specify a parent activity in AndroidManifest.xml.         int id  item.getItemId          noinspection SimplifiableIfStatement         if id  R.id.actionsettings              return true                   return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem                  A placeholder fragment containing a simple view.           public static class PlaceholderFragment extends Fragment           public PlaceholderFragment                    Override         public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,                                  Bundle savedInstanceState               String[] data                       Mon 623 Sunny  3117,                     Tue 624  Foggy  218,                     Wed 625  Cloudy  2217,                     Thurs 626  Rainy  1811,                     Fri 627  Foggy  2110,                     Sat 628  TRAPPED IN WEATHERSTATION  2318,                     Sun 629  Sunny  207                          ListltStringgt weekForecast  new ArrayListltStringgtArrays.asListdata               View rootView  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentmain, container, false             return rootView                codepre  pstrongfragmentmain.xmlstrongp  precodeltFrameLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin     toolscontextcom.example.android.sunshine.app.MainActivityPlaceholderFragmentgt     ltListView         androidididlistviewforecast         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightmatchparent gt ltFrameLayoutgt codepre  pstronglistitemforecast.xmlstrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltTextView xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidminHeightandroidattrlistPreferredItemHeight     androidgravitycentervertical     androidididlistitemforecasttextview gt codepre  pstrongLogcatstrongp  precodegt0214 005505.840    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine    Ddalvikvm Not lateenabling CheckJNI already on   gt0214    005505.890    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine Idalvikvm    Could not find method android.view.ViewGroup.onNestedScrollAccepted,    referenced from method    android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout.onNestedScrollAccepted      gt0214 005505.890    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine    Wdalvikvm VFY unable to resolve virtual method 11345    LandroidviewViewGroup.onNestedScrollAccepted    LandroidviewViewLandroidviewViewIV   gt0214 005505.890       18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine Ddalvikvm VFY replacing    opcode 0x6f at 0x0000   gt0214 005505.890       18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine Idalvikvm Could not find    method android.view.ViewGroup.onStopNestedScroll, referenced from    method    android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout.onStopNestedScroll     gt0214 005505.890    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine    Wdalvikvm VFY unable to resolve virtual method 11351    LandroidviewViewGroup.onStopNestedScroll LandroidviewViewV      gt0214 005505.890    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine    Ddalvikvm VFY replacing opcode 0x6f at 0x0000   gt0214 005505.890      18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine Idalvikvm Could not find    method    android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout.stopNestedScroll,    referenced from method    android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout.setHideOnContentScrollEnabled      gt0214 005505.890    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine    Wdalvikvm VFY unable to resolve virtual method 9039    Landroidsupportv7internalwidgetActionBarOverlayLayout.stopNestedScroll    V   gt0214 005505.900    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine    Ddalvikvm VFY replacing opcode 0x6e at 0x000e   gt0214 005505.900      18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine Idalvikvm Could not find    method android.content.res.TypedArray.getChangingConfigurations,    referenced from method    android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray.getChangingConfigurations     gt0214 005505.900    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine    Wdalvikvm VFY unable to resolve virtual method 364    LandroidcontentresTypedArray.getChangingConfigurations I   gt0214    005505.900    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine Ddalvikvm    VFY replacing opcode 0x6e at 0x0002   gt0214 005505.900       18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine Idalvikvm Could not find    method android.content.res.TypedArray.getType, referenced from method    android.support.v7.internal.widget.TintTypedArray.getType   gt0214    005505.900    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine Wdalvikvm    VFY unable to resolve virtual method 386    LandroidcontentresTypedArray.getType II   gt0214 005505.900       18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine Ddalvikvm VFY replacing    opcode 0x6e at 0x0002   gt0214 005505.910       18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine Ddalvikvm GCFORALLOC    freed 147K, 8 free 3069K3324K, paused 3ms, total 4ms   gt0214    005505.910    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine    Idalvikvmheap Grow heap frag case to 4.173MB for 1127532byte    allocation   gt0214 005505.930       18141823com.example.desperado.sunshine Ddalvikvm GCFORALLOC    freed 13K, 7 free 4157K4428K, paused 19ms, total 19ms   gt0214    005505.980    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine D    HostConnectionget New Host Connection established 0xb7dcf7d0, tid    1814   gt0214 005506.000    18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine    WEGLemulation eglSurfaceAttrib not implemented   gt0214 005506.000     18141814com.example.desperado.sunshine DOpenGLRenderer Enabling    debug mode 0 codepre
Negative 10594 pIs there any known way to hide or to just make it difficult for users to see and understand my client side objects which is store as JSON object  The reason i want that is because i dont want others to simply copy my data.p  pConsider the fact im getting my data from server side and instead of just fetching it as is to a JSON object, I am guessing i could add some algorithm which mixes the data on the server, and only i could know how to plug it back on the client.p  pI am of course aware to the fact this is not a 100 hiding solution since everything is still visible on the client side.p  pI hope my question phrased well enough to understand my goal.p
Negative 10594 pre classlangc prettyprintoverridecodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  struct s int  int main      printfSize of struct s in, sizeofstruct s         return 0  codepre  pMicrosoft C compiler cl.exe does not want compile this code.p  precodeerror C2208 int  no members defined using this type codepre  pGNU C compiler gcc stdc99 compiles this code...p  precodewarning declaration does not declare anything codepre  p...and displays the resultp  precodeSize of struct s 0 codepre  pThis means that codestruct scode in gcc are complete type and cannot be redefined.br Does this means that the complete type can have zero sizep  pAlso, what means the message codedeclaration does not declare anythingcode if this declaration declares the complete structp  pHere is the proof that the codestruct scode is a complete type in gcc stdc99.p  pre classlangc prettyprintoverridecodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  struct s int  struct S      struct s s  lt No problem to use it   int main      printfSize of struct s in, sizeofstruct s      return 0  codepre
Negative 10594 pany expert could help me why this sentence is True p  blockquote   pif L  NP and L subpsub 3SAT i.e reduce L to 3SAT in poly time then L is NPComplete.p blockquote
Negative 10594 pI am using the process object in cp  pI am also using FFMPEG.p  pI am trying to read the bytes from the redirected output. i know the data is an image but when I use the following code I do not get an image byte array.p  pthis is my codep  precodevar process  new Process process.StartInfo.FileName  Cbinffmpeg.exe process.StartInfo.Arguments   i rtspadminadmin192.168.0.8554video1 an f image2 s 360x240 vframes 1  process.StartInfo.CreateNoWindow  true process.StartInfo.RedirectStandardError  true process.StartInfo.RedirectStandardOutput  true process.StartInfo.UseShellExecute  false process.Start var output  process.StandardOutput.ReadToEnd byte[] bytes  Encoding.ASCII.GetBytesoutput codepre  pThe 1st bytes are not the header of a jpegp
Negative 10594 pi write a simple angularJS codep  precodeltdoctype htmlgt lthtml langengt ltheadgt   ltmeta charsetUTF8gt   ltscript srcajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.4.0beta.1angular.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbody ngappmyAppgt   ltscriptgt     angular.modulemyApp, [].controllerBooksController, functionscope       scope.books  [nameaaa, namebbb, nameccc]       scope.addBook  functionnewBook           scope.books.pushnewBook               ltscriptgt   ltdiv ngcontrollerBooksControllergt       ltulgt           ltli ngrepeatbook in booksgtbook.nameltligt       ltulgt       ltinput ngmodelaBook.name gt       lta href ngclickaddBookaBookgtadd to listltagt   ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pa hrefhttpplnkr.coeditEIT32t8NgRiLchVXgooLppreview relnofollowhttpplnkr.coeditEIT32t8NgRiLchVXgooLppreviewap  pwhen i add a new item to the list, it works correctly. but when i want to add another new item, the last item overwrite as you can see in the url. strongwhy what happenstrongp
Negative 10594 pA user reported a codeNullPointerExceptioncode happening on the line of codeonClickcode of my AlertDialogp  precodenew AlertDialog.Builderthis         .setTitlegetStringR.string.dialogerror         .setMessagegetStringR.string.createfailederror         .setCancelablefalse         .setPositiveButtongetStringR.string.dialoggotit, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener               Override             public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int which    L286                 dialog.cancel                 mButton.render                               .create.show codepre  pThe error is thus rooted in the codeandroid.internal.app.AlertControllercode on a hrefhttpsgithub.comandroidplatformframeworksbaseblobmastercorejavacomandroidinternalappAlertController.javaL160 relnofollowLine 160ap  precodeDialogInterface.OnClickListener msg.obj.onClickmDialog.get, msg.what codepre  pFrom what I can guess codemDialogcode is null here, but how can this happen From the implementation we learn the dialog is stored in a weak referencep  precodeprivate WeakReferenceltDialogInterfacegt mDialog codepre  pIs it maybe possible that the dialog gets garbage collected before the user presses on the positive dialog button I find this highly confusingp  pStackTracep  precodejava.lang.NullPointerException at com.myapp.android.NewActivity5.onClickNewActivity.java286 at com.android.internal.app.AlertControllerButtonHandler.handleMessageAlertController.java167 at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102 at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java157 at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5356 at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515 at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java1265 at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java1081 at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pButton gets instantiate in codeonCreatecodep  precodemButton  new CustomButtonCustomButton findViewByIdR.id.goButton codepre
Negative 10594 pI have this piece of codep  precodetxt  ltpgtHi ltspangtMarkltspangt, how are you, Dont forget meeting on ltstronggtsundayltstronggt, okltpgt soup  BeautifulSouptxt for ft in soup.findAllp         print strft.upper codepre  pWhen running I get thisp  precodeltPgtHI ltSPANgtMARKltSPANgt, HOW ARE YOU, DONT FORGET MEETING ON ltSTRONGgtSUNDAYltSTRONGgt, OKltPgt codepre  pBut I want to get thisp  precodeltpgtHI ltspangtMarkltspangt, HOW ARE YOU, DONT FORGET MEETING ON ltstronggtsundayltstronggt, okltpgt codepre  pI just want to change inner text on p tag but keep format in other inner tags inside p, also I want to keep tag names in lowercase p  pThanxp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to compile Plex Home Theater on my new Ci20 but Im coming across some build errors which I believe are ASM related, knowing nothing about ASM I was wondering if anyone were able to provide any assistance.p  pBuild Errorp  precode[ 19] Building CXX object xbmcCMakeFilesxbmc.dirGUIInfoManager.cpp.o In file included from homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmclinuxPlatformInclude.h250,              from homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmcsystem.h254,              from homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmcnetworkNetwork.h26,              from homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmcGUIInfoManager.cpp21 homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmclinuxXHandlePublic.h411 warning stdcall attribute directive ignored [Wattributes] In file included from homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmclinuxPlatformInclude.h270,              from homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmcsystem.h254,              from homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmcnetworkNetwork.h26,              from homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmcGUIInfoManager.cpp21 homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmclinuxXTimeUtils.h2839 warning stdcall attribute directive ignored [Wattributes] In file included from homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmcGUIInfoManager.cpp550 homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmcutilsMathUtils.h In function int MathUtilsroundintdouble homeci20plexhometheaterpublicxbmcutilsMathUtils.h1506 error unknown register name st in asm make[2]  [xbmcCMakeFilesxbmc.dirGUIInfoManager.cpp.o] Error 1 make[1]  [xbmcCMakeFilesxbmc.dirall] Error 2 make  [all] Error 2 codepre  pxbmcutilsMathUtils.hp  pa hrefhttpsgithub.complexincplexhometheaterpublicblobphtfrodoxbmcutilsMathUtils.h relnofollowhttpsgithub.complexincplexhometheaterpublicblobphtfrodoxbmcutilsMathUtils.hap  pAny guidance is greatly appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pIm working on a library for an API. Theres an API endpoint POST which when you issue a curl command isp  precodecurl H XAPITOKEN APITOKEN httpinterestgraph.getprismatic.comtexttopic    data titleClojure    data bodyClojure is a dynamic programming language that targets the Java Virtual Machine and the CLR, and JavaScript. It is designed to be a generalpurpose language, combining the approachability and interactive development of a scripting language with an efficient and robust infrastructure for multithreaded programming.Clojure is a compiled language  it compiles directly to JVM bytecode, yet remains completely dynamic. Every feature supported by Clojure is supported at runtime. codepre  pIm trying to perform the above command using http.NewRequestp  precode   var jsonReq  []bytetitle Clojure, body Clojure is a dynamic programming language that targets the Java Virtual Machine          and the CLR, and JavaScript. It is designed to be a generalpurpose language,          combining the approachability and interactive development of a          scripting language with an efficient and robust infrastructure for multithreaded programming.         Clojure is a compiled language  it compiles directly to JVM bytecode,          yet remains completely dynamic. Every feature supported by Clojure is supported at runtime.      buf  newbytes.Buffer      err  json.NewEncoderbuf.EncodejsonReq     if err  nil          fmt.Printlnerr           u  httpinterestgraph.getprismatic.comtexttopic     ApiToken  APITOKEN     req, err  http.NewRequestPOST, u, buf     req.Header.SetContentType, applicationjson     req.Header.SetXAPITOKEN, ApiToken      if err  nil          log.Fatalerr          c  http.DefaultClient     resp, err  c.Doreq     if err  nil          log.Fatalerr           defer resp.Body.Close      r, err  ioutil.ReadAllresp.Body     if err  nil          log.Fatalerr           fmt.Printlnstringr codepre  pNot sure if Im doing this right, because I keep getting an error 500. Any idea what Im doing wrongp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to create an SVG wrapper using components. My app will allow users to render different SVGs from a list. p  pI would like those SVG to fit the screen so I thought that I would get the DOM parent element width and height, before the component get inserted on the screen.p  pTo do so here is the code I tried. It seems that the issue is related to the SVG because when the codetagNamecode is set to codespancode or even not set things works as expected.p  precodeimport Ember from ember  export default Ember.Component.extend   tagName svg,   attributeBindings [height, width, viewBox, xmlns, version],   width getParentWidth,    getParentWidth function      return this..parent.width     codepre  pThanks for your helpp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to set a JScrollPane to the size of the JTable, just so I can get the column headers but I dont want it to be scrollable nor let the JScrollPane take up unnecessary screen real estate. How can I get the preferred dimensions of the JTable with the column headers, so I can set the JScrollPanes preferred dimensions to itp
Negative 10594 pI have been involved in security testing of iOS apps lately. The app is running on iOS on iphone 5. This app is similar to strongbookmyshowstrong app, where user can book events occurring at various places in the city.p  pI need to perform sql injection testing amp report security bugs if any. I am literally clueless about this task. Any help would be greatly appreciated. p  pstrongNotestrong The device is a normal iphone 5 amp jailbroken device is not available.p  pThanks in advance,p  pNoviceStudentp
Negative 10594 pEach of the salesmen should make a forecast of his sales. I know how he may input data directly from Excel sheet to SQL table. Do I need to create different tables  one table per salesman At the end I need to aggregate all the forecasts. Is it possible to make it with just one tablep  pThe condition is that one salesman is not allowed to see the other salesmen forecasts. p  pIt seems to be a common problem of inputting data to database by many different users with restrictions on access. p  pstrongUpdatestrong. Each salesman is in different town. Say we have 500 salesmen so it is not the way to gather data from 500 Excel files into one big Excel file and then load it to SQL.p
Negative 10594 pWe launched an application in the Apple AppStore and Google Play Store, and now we need to launch an update. But this update will change the serverside code i.e. the API.p  pDoes GeneXus handle multiple API versions I mean, how to prevent that an app in the 1.0 version break when we launch version 1.1p
Negative 10594 pI want to open a second program from my first program and still be able to work on my first program. And another thing is to close the second program from my first. Is there a way to do thisp
Negative 10594 pWe have developed a POS where we are using the iOS SDK for printing slips on an Epson TM printer. We are facing a problem with the SDK that was working perfect a few months back. The issue isp  precodeEposBuilder builder  [[[EposBuilder alloc] initWithPrinterModelTMT20 Langlanguage] autorelease] codepre  pIt is always returning codenullcode. Our model is also TMT20. Its not initializing.p  pAny hint would be appropriated.p
Negative 10594 pSay I have the following two mapsp  precodeMapltMember, ListltMessagegtgt one  ...one constructed somehow MapltMember, ListltMessagegtgt two  ...two also constructed somehow codepre  pI would like to obtain a third map containing the content of strongonestrong and strongtwostrong.p  pSo if a member key is in both one and two, the list value from the entry in two will be added to the list value from the entry in one.p  pWhat is the best and cleanest way to achieve this possibly using java 8p
Negative 10594 pI have been created subscribe form using php and jquery and sql to store data.p  pNow it is working fine, but it has some limitation.p  pWhen i enter invalid email address, it shows like this, p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7uJlV.jpg altenter image description herep  pBut i need to remove that message, i need only working effects with error button.p  pAnd If i enter blank, that time error button working fine[that is button will be shaken and says error], after that i enter valid address, it also working fine[that is success button].p  pOne more think, if i enter invalid address at first, and second also enter invalid address,, the error button works fine at first time only.p  pHere is lib.jsp  precodedocument.readyfunction        newsletter.submitfunction            var this  this,          response  response,          mail  signupemail,          testmail  [09][Az09.][.][Az09][][Az09][.][Az09][.][Az]2,4,          hasError  false           response.findp.remove           if testmail.testmail.val              actbtn.removeClassbtnerror.addClassbtnerror             response.htmlltp classerrorgtPlease enter a valid emailltpgt              hasError  true                     if hasError  false               response.findp.remove              response.addClassloading               .ajax                  type POST,                  dataType json,                  cache false,                  url this.attraction,                  data this.serialize,                 success functiondata                     ifdata                         response.removeClassloading                          ifdata.status  success                             actbtn.removeClassbtnerror.addClassbtnsuccess                                                  else                             actbtn.removeClassbtnerror.addClassbtnerror                                                                                                           return false         codepre  phtmlp  precode        ltdiv idnewsletterformgt             ltdiv classwrapgt                 lth3gtGet Email Updatelth3gt                 ltform actionsend.php methodpost idnewsletter namenewslettergt                     ltinput typeemail namesignupemail idsignupemail value placeholderInsert email here gt ltbutton idactbtn classbtn btn7 btn7h iconenvelopegtSubmit formltbuttongt                     ltspan classarrowgtltspangt                 ltformgt                 ltdiv idresponsegtltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt codepre  pMay i know,how to achieve this one, Any idea would be highly appreciated.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pCan someone tell me I wrote this relational algebra statement correctly according to my query thanks.p  precodeSELECT User.uid, Job.JobId, Job.starttime, Job.finishtime, tool.database,    tool.evalue FROM Job  INNER JOIN tool ON Job.JobId  tool.JobId  INNER JOIN User ON Job.uid  User.uid codepre  pMy relational algebra statement isp  precodePROJECT User.uid, Job.JobId, Job.starttime, Job.finishtime, tool.database, tool.evalue Job NATURAL JOIN tool NATURAL JOIN User codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to set up a largescale REST services server.  Were using Spring Boot 1.2.1 Spring 4.1.5, and Java 8.  Our controllers are implementing RestController and the standard RequestMapping annotations.p  pMy problem is that Spring Boot sets up a default redirect for controller exceptions to error.  From the docsp  blockquote   pSpring Boot provides an error mapping by default that handles all errors in a sensible way, and it is registered as a global error page in the servlet container. p blockquote  pComing from years writing REST applications with Node.js, this is, to me, anything but sensible.  Any exception a service endpoint generates should return in the response.  I cant understand why youd send a redirect to what is most likely an Angular or JQuery SPA consumer which is only looking for an answer and cant or wont take any action on a redirect.p  pWhat I want to do is set up a global error handler that can take any exception  either purposefully thrown from a request mapping method or auto generated by Spring 404 if no handler method is found for the request path signature, and return a standard formatted error response 400, 500, 503, 404 to the client without any MVC redirects.  Specifically, we are going to take the error, log it to NoSQL with a UUID, then return to the client the right HTTP error code with the UUID of the log entry in the JSON body.p  pThe docs have been vague on how to do this.  It seems to me that you have to either create your own a hrefhttpdocs.spring.iospringbootdocs1.2.2.RELEASEapiorgspringframeworkbootautoconfigurewebErrorController.html relnofollowErrorControllera implementation or use a hrefhttpdocs.spring.iospringdocscurrentjavadocapiorgspringframeworkwebbindannotationControllerAdvice.html relnofollowControllerAdvicea in some fashion, but all the examples Ive see still include forwarding the response to some kind of error mapping, which doesnt help.  Other examples suggest that youd have to list every Exception type you want to handle instead of just listing Throwable and getting everything.p  pCan anyone tell me what I missed, or point me in the right direction on how to do this without suggesting up the chain that Node.js would be easier to deal with  p
Negative 10594 pI need to detect a blue object and a red object from two different cameras, the required task for now is to locate each object position in 3D space, this means for each object we have to have its x,y,z coordinates, Ive seen a hrefhttpswww.youtube.comwatchvI8eKRT5NII relnofollowthis videoa and a hrefhttpswww.youtube.comwatchv0cQXU5X0Yyk relnofollowherea witch does exactly what im trying to do but there was no sample code in case of the first video, my code looks like this for now it gets me x,y of redblue object but no depthp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include opencv2highguihighgui.hpp include opencv2imgprocimgproc.hpp include ltopencvhighgui.hgt  using namespace cv using namespace std  int mainint argc, char argv int funcint argc, char argv      VideoCapture cap0 capture the video from webcam     VideoCapture cap11 capture the video from extrenal camers     if cap.isOpened   if not success, exit program              cout ltlt Cannot open the web cam ltlt endl         return 1           if cap1.isOpened   if not success, exit program              cout ltlt Cannot open the External camera ltlt endl         return 1           namedWindowControl, CVWINDOWAUTOSIZE create a window called Control      int iLowH  170     int iHighH  179     int iLowS  150     int iHighS  255     int iLowV  60     int iHighV  255      Create trackbars in Control window to control the range of red detection     createTrackbarLowH, Control, ampiLowH, 179 Hue 0  179     createTrackbarHighH, Control, ampiHighH, 179     createTrackbarLowS, Control, ampiLowS, 255 Saturation 0  255     createTrackbarHighS, Control, ampiHighS, 255     createTrackbarLowV, Control, ampiLowV, 255Value 0  255     createTrackbarHighV, Control, ampiHighV, 255      int iLastX  1    last known coordinates of red object     int iLastY  1     int iLastX1  1     int iLastY1  1      Capture a temporary image from both cameras to obtain size     Mat imgTmp     cap.readimgTmp     cap1.readimgTmp      Create a black image with the size as the camera output     Mat imgLines  MatzerosimgTmp.size, CV8UC3     Mat imgLines1  MatzerosimgTmp.size, CV8UC3      loop of continuously capturing frames from video     while true              Mat imgOriginal          Mat imgOriginal1         bool bSuccess  cap.readimgOriginal  read a new frame from video webcam         bool bSuccess1  cap1.readimgOriginal1  read a new frame from video external cam          if bSuccess  bSuccess1 if not success, break loop                      cout ltlt Cannot read a frame from video stream ltlt endl             break                  WebCam code for image and trackingdetecting           Mat imgHSV         cvtColorimgOriginal, imgHSV, COLORBGR2HSV Convert the captured frame from BGR to HSV to control range of color to obtain and be able to detect it         Mat imgThresholded         inRangeimgHSV, ScalariLowH, iLowS, iLowV, ScalariHighH, iHighS, iHighV, imgThresholded Threshold the image at the colors within specified range         morphological opening removes noise and similar colored objects appearing in thresholded image         erodeimgThresholded, imgThresholded, getStructuringElementMORPHELLIPSE, Size5, 5         dilateimgThresholded, imgThresholded, getStructuringElementMORPHELLIPSE, Size5, 5          morphological closing removes noise appearing inside our object in the thresholded image         dilateimgThresholded, imgThresholded, getStructuringElementMORPHELLIPSE, Size5, 5         erodeimgThresholded, imgThresholded, getStructuringElementMORPHELLIPSE, Size5, 5         Calculate the moments of the thresholded image to calculate the object position         Moments oMoments  momentsimgThresholded         double dM01  oMoments.m01         double dM10  oMoments.m10         double dArea  oMoments.m00           if the area lt 10000, I consider that the there are no object in the image and its because of the noise, the area is not zero          if dArea gt 10000                      calculate the position of the ball             int posX  dM10  dArea             int posY  dM01  dArea              if iLastX gt 0 ampamp iLastY gt 0 ampamp posX gt 0 ampamp posY gt 0                              Draw a red line from the previous point to the current point                 lineimgLines, PointposX, posY, PointiLastX, iLastY, Scalar0, 0, 255, 2                           iLastX  posX  current point becomes last known point and loop continues             iLastY  posY                  imshowThresholded Image, imgThresholded show the thresholded image            imgOriginal  imgOriginal  imgLines         imshowOriginal, imgOriginal show the original image with the tracking lines if exist         External Cam code trackdetect         Mat imgHSV1         cvtColorimgOriginal1, imgHSV1, COLORBGR2HSV Convert the captured frame from BGR to HSV         Mat imgThresholded1         inRangeimgHSV1, ScalariLowH, iLowS, iLowV, ScalariHighH, iHighS, iHighV, imgThresholded1 Threshold the image         morphological opening removes noise and similar colored objects appearing in thresholded image         erodeimgThresholded1, imgThresholded1, getStructuringElementMORPHELLIPSE, Size5, 5         dilateimgThresholded1, imgThresholded1, getStructuringElementMORPHELLIPSE, Size5, 5         morphological closing removes noise appearing inside our object in the thresholded image         dilateimgThresholded1, imgThresholded1, getStructuringElementMORPHELLIPSE, Size5, 5         erodeimgThresholded1, imgThresholded1, getStructuringElementMORPHELLIPSE, Size5, 5          Calculate the moments of the thresholded image to calculate the object position         Moments oMoments1  momentsimgThresholded1         double dM011  oMoments1.m01         double dM101  oMoments1.m10         double dArea1  oMoments1.m00           if the area lt 10000, I consider that the there are no object in the image and its because of the noise, the area is not zero          if dArea1 gt 10000                      calculate the position of the ball             int posX1  dM101  dArea1             int posY1  dM011  dArea1              if iLastX1 gt 0 ampamp iLastY1 gt 0 ampamp posX1 gt 0 ampamp posY1 gt 0                              Draw a red line from the previous point to the current point                 lineimgLines1, PointposX1, posY1, PointiLastX1, iLastY1, Scalar0, 0, 255, 2                           iLastX1  posX1             iLastY1  posY1                   imshowThresholded Image 2, imgThresholded1 show the thresholded image         imgOriginal1  imgOriginal1  imgLines1         imshowOriginal 2, imgOriginal1 show the original image          if waitKey30  27 wait for esc key press for 30ms. If esc key is pressed, break loop                      cout ltlt esc key is pressed by user ltlt endl             break                   return 0  codepre
Negative 10594 pIve used code sample provided by a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16322983mp4unsupportedinjavafxjewelsea codea and just change it a bit to INDEFINITE loop play local .mp4 file that I downloaded from a hrefhttpdownload.wavetlan.comSVVMediaHTTPhttpmp4.htm relnofollowherea Test1p  precodeFile file  new FileUsersdeveloperH264test1Talkingheadmp4480x360.mp4 VIDURL  file.toURI.toString codepre  pIn comparison Ive loop played Oracle .flv file that I downloaded from a hrefhttpdownload.oracle.comotndocsproductsjavafxoow20102.flv relnofollowherea using same code. After about 23 min of .mp4 file loop play application freezes and I had to force quit it, while .flv file loop play is still running with no problems.p  pI am using jdk7u71macosxx64 in Eclipse Luna IDE on OS X Mavericks. Maybe this is OS X  JavaFX related problem, but I sincerely doubt that. My guess is that JavaFX have a problem with .mp4 video loop play.p  pIf you had similar experiences, please advise. Thanks.p
Negative 10594 pIn the following xml file catalog, there are  5 variables for each book id.p  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltcataloggt    ltbook idbk101gt       ltauthorgtGambardellaltauthorgt       lttitlegtXML Developerlttitlegt       ltgenregtComputerltgenregt       ltpricegt44.95ltpricegt       ltpublishdategt20001001ltpublishdategt    ltbookgt    ltbook idbk102gt       ltauthorgtRallsltauthorgt       lttitlegtMidnight Rainlttitlegt       ltgenregtFantasyltgenregt       ltpricegt5.95ltpricegt       ltpublishdategt20001216ltpublishdategt    ltbookgt    ltbook idbk103gt       ltauthorgtCoretsltauthorgt       lttitlegtMaeve Ascendantlttitlegt       ltgenregtFantasyltgenregt       ltpricegt5.95ltpricegt       ltpublishdategt20001117ltpublishdategt     ltbookgt ltcataloggt codepre  pHow to get the json array for a particular  Book id i.e book id 102 in php.  I searched the web  but couldnot find the soluation in required manner. Can any body help me in this please the xml file strongwww.mywebsite.comcatlog.xmlstrongp  precodedata  jsondecodejson, true     foreach  data[catlog] as row                             if row[book id] 102                              do the work here                               codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to run a paired ttest in R on data grouped by factors p  precodegt headi.o.diff,n20    Difference Tree.ID Tree.Name   Ins Outs 1        0.20    AK1      Akun  1.20  1.0 2       1.60    AK2      Akun  0.40  2.0 3       0.60    AK3      Akun  1.40  2.0 4        0.40    AK4      Akun  0.40  0.0 5        1.30    AK5      Akun  1.80  0.5 6        2.70     J1     Jaror 10.20  7.5 7        6.60     J2     Jaror 10.60  4.0 8        2.50     J3     Jaror  6.00  3.5 9        7.50     J4     Jaror 22.00 14.5 10      4.50     J5     Jaror  5.00  9.5 11       3.50    Ce1     Kuch  4.00  0.5 12      0.70    Ce2     Kuch  4.80  5.5 13       1.60    Ce3     Kuch  2.60  1.0 14      2.40    Ce4     Kuch  2.60  5.0 15      1.75    Ce5     Kuch  2.25  4.0 codepre  pI first tried usingp  precodepairwise.t.testi.o.diffIn,i.o.diffOut,gi.o.diffTree.Name,pairedTRUE,poolFALSE,p.adjnone,alternativecless,mu0 codepre  pbut I get the errorp  blockquote   pError in complete.casesx, y  not all arguments have the same lengthp blockquote  pwhich doesnt make a whole lot of sense to me.  p  pI considered using codeddplycode, codeapplycode, and codesummaryBycode, but couldnt get it to work because the inputs for the paired ttest require 2 vectors and most of the previous functions I mention seem to work best when only one column is being operated upon.p  pIn order to get around this, I tried to use a for loop to achieve the same endp  precodefori in uniquei.o.diffTree.Name    pairsubltsubseti.o.diff,Tree.Namei    t.pairltt.testpairsubIns,pairsubOuts,pairedTrue   printt.pair  codepre  pHowever when I do this, I get errorp  blockquote   pin paired  is.nully  invalid x type in xyp blockquote  pSo I checked codetypeofpairsubInscode. Turns out that type is double, which is numeric, so I am not sure why the paired ttest is not working.  Any ideas as to how to fix either of these methodsp
Negative 10594 pI need to update coderatecode text box when user selecting from codemasteritemscode. How it is possible,p  pHTML,p  precodelttr ngrepeatitem in quotation.items track by indexgt             lttdgt                 ltselect ngmodelitem.item ngoptionsmasteritem.name as masteritem.name for masteritem in masteritems classformcontrol ngchangeupdateItemmasteritem.rate,indexgtltselectgt             lttdgt             lttdgtltinput typetext  stepany min0 max99999999 classformcontrol ngmodelitem.quantity placeholderQuantity requiredgtlttdgt             lttdgtltinput typetext  stepany min0 max99999999 classformcontrol ngmodelitem.rate placeholderRate required gtlttdgt             lttdgtltinput typetext  stepany classformcontrol placeholderAmount valueitem.quantity  item.rate disabledgtlttdgt             ltthgtlta hrefjavascriptvoid0 ngifindex gt 0 ngclickremoveInputElementindexgtlti classfa faremove redgtltigtltagtltthgt         lttrgt codepre  pHere,when user select an option from master items,I want to update corresponding rate field.Here select box is working fine and each options has correct value,but I dont know how can I get selected option value.p  pMy codemasteritemscode codeJSONcode is,p  precode             total 5,         perpage 100,         currentpage 1,         lastpage 1,         nextpageurl null,         prevpageurl null,         from 1,         to 5,         data [                              id 63,                 name Lumia 6252,                 description null,                 unit null,                 rate 12.00,                 createdby 0,                 updatedby null,                 deleteby null,                 createdat 20150315 173840,                 updatedat 20150315 173840,                 deletedat null,                 status 1               codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comjwRQ1.png altItem list screenshot.        p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to create my custom dialog that does two things a is a dialog with two buttons and a title simple enough b can handle fragment transactions not so simplep  pFirstly, I created a typical Dialog implementationp  precodepublic class MyDialog extends DialogFragment   ...  static GeofenceMapDialog newInstanceString str     ...     Bundle stuff    NonNull Override public Dialog onCreateDialogBundle savedInstanceState      LayoutInflater inflater  getActivity.getLayoutInflater     View view  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentmydialog, null      AlertDialog.Builder builder  new AlertDialog.BuildergetActivity      builder.setViewview             .setTitleR.string.geofencetitle             .setPositiveButtonR.string.geofencereadybutton, dialog, id gt                 Do stuff                          .setNegativeButtonR.string.geofencecancelbutton, dialog, id gt                      return builder.create    codepre  pOkay. However, with this implementation I have no idea how to use FragmentTransactions.p  pAdding getChildFragmentManager inside onCreateDialog gives me an exception that there is no view. Moving everything into onCreateView like this p  precodeOverride public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, Nullable ViewGroup container, Nullable Bundle savedInstanceState       View view  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentmydialog, null      addStuff.setOnClickListenerv gt getChildFragmentManager.beginTransaction.addR.id.timeSettings, new TimePickerFragment.commit      AlertDialog.Builder builder  new AlertDialog.BuildergetActivity      builder.setViewview             .setTitleR.string.title             .setPositiveButtonR.string.button, dialog, id gt                  do stuff                          .setNegativeButtonR.string.geofencecancelbutton, dialog, id gt                     builder.create      return view  codepre  pSolves the problem of fragment transactions. However my dialog functionalities now dont work. p  pAny ideas how to use both I tried to do that, however I cant inflate view after onCreateDialog is finished...p  pEDIT Here is the stacktrace, when I move everything to onCreateDialog and do fragment transactions.p  precode    0317 091835.693    36393639com.example.mydialog.debug EAndroidRuntime FATAL EXCEPTION main         Process com.example.mydialog.debug, PID 3639         java.lang.IllegalStateException Fragment does not have a view                 at android.support.v4.app.Fragment1.findViewByIdFragment.java1746                 at android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl.moveToStateFragmentManager.java937                 at android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl.moveToStateFragmentManager.java1126                 at android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord.runBackStackRecord.java739                 at android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl.execPendingActionsFragmentManager.java1489                 at android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl1.runFragmentManager.java454                 at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java733                 at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java95                 at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java157                 at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5356                 at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method                 at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515                 at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java1265                 at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java1081                 at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre
Negative 10594 pI am using green dao and I came to a point in wich I am supporting multilanguage and I would like to use diffrent databases for each language.p  pTill now I have been creating my database by using green dao. Now I would like to have multiple databases inside assets and just open the one I need and manipulate it with green dao. p  pHow can I do thatp  pThis is my method for creating the databasep  precodepublic static DaoMaster getDaoMasterContext context      ifdaoMaster  null              OpenHelper helper  new OpenHelpercontext, dbSlo, null              Override             public void onUpgradeSQLiteDatabase db, int oldVersion, int newVersion                                 DevOpenHelper helper  new DevOpenHelpercontext, tronposdb, null         db  helper.getWritableDatabase         daoMaster  new DaoMasterdb           return daoMaster  codepre  pNow instead of creating one I want to open an existing dbSlo that I have in assets and then manipulate with it normaly.p
Negative 10594 pI am building an app, a project management app. On each page of my app, I want to show a list of project the user is mapped to, like how asana shows.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comaiNIs.png altenter image description herep  pLike in the above screenshot I want to show a list of projects on each of the page.p  pTo not make repetitive call to the DB, since the project list might not change very often. Should I keep this way in a session  or somewehere else p  pPlease advice. I am using ASP.NET MVC 5p
Negative 10594 pthis gots the error of os network on main thread exception.. how i resolve i am using localhost server in permission i active that  and still not working p  precodepublic void GetText throws UnsupportedEncodingException      String email  mEmailView.getText.toString     String password  mPasswordView.getText.toString      urlTest  httplocalhostphpprojectsiriusthergstrbackofficelogin.phpampidemail      String data  URLEncoder.encodeemail, UTF8                URLEncoder.encodeemail, UTF8      data  amp  URLEncoder.encodepass, UTF8                URLEncoder.encodepassword, UTF8     String text       BufferedReader readernull      try              URL url  new URLhttplocalhostphpprojectsiriusthergstrbackofficetest.php         URLConnection conn  url.openConnection         conn.setDoOutputtrue         OutputStreamWriter wr  new OutputStreamWriterconn.getOutputStream         wr.write data          wr.flush           Get the server response          reader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderconn.getInputStream         StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder         String line  null           Read Server Response         whileline  reader.readLine  null                       Append server response in string              sb.appendline  n                    text  sb.toString           catchException e              Log.eerror,ERROR  e.toString          finally              try                       reader.close                   catchException ex             Show response on activity     content.setText text     codepre
Negative 10594 pI wrote .Net webservice to upload the file in windows mobile 6.1 fine.p  pMy Windows mobile code to upload the file to serverp  precodePrivate Sub UploadFileByVal filename As String     Try         Dim strFile As String  System.IO.Path.GetFileNamefilename         Dim srv As New TestUploader.Uploader.FileUploader         get the file information form the selected file         Dim fInfo As New FileInfofilename          get the length of the file to see if it is possible          to upload it with the standard 4 MB limit         Dim numBytes As Long  fInfo.Length         Dim dLen As Double  Convert.ToDoublefInfo.Length  1000000         Default limit of 4 MB on web server         have to change the web.config to if         you want to allow larger uploads         If dLen lt 4 Then             Dim fStream As New FileStreamfilename, FileMode.Open, FileAccess.Read             Dim br As New BinaryReaderfStream             Dim data As Byte  br.ReadBytesCIntnumBytes             br.Close             Dim sTmp As String  Me.objService.UploadFiledata, strFile             fStream.Close             fStream.Dispose             MessageBox.ShowFile Upload Status  amp sTmp, File Upload         Else             MessageBox.ShowThe file selected exceeds the size limit for uploads., File Size         End If     Catch ex As Exception         objLog.WriteToErrorLogSynchronization, UploadFile, ex.Message,          If MessageBox.Showex.Message, Mobile Retail Merchandising, MessageBoxButtons.OK, MessageBoxIcon.None, MessageBoxDefaultButton.Button1  Windows.Forms.DialogResult.OK Then             Exit Sub         End If     End Try End Sub codepre  pMy .Net servicep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt     ltsoapEnvelope xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema xmlnssoaphttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelopegt     ltsoapBodygt         ltUploadFile xmlnshttpeverestmrm.dyndns.bizWebservicegt             ltfgtbase64Binaryltfgt             ltfileNamegtstringltfileNamegt         ltUploadFilegt     ltsoapBodygt ltsoapEnvelopegt codepre  pI want using this .Net service to upload the file to server through kSOAP in android could any body help me out I am new in Android.p
Negative 10594 pI have a form in which four inputs. And last two inputs insert in Dom as a clone of last two inputs dynamically. I want to save these inputs values in an associative array and send this values to a server with an ajax call. Please give your response I am new to codingp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodevar length  .wra.length  var content  new Array  for var i  0 i lt length i       var name  metaname  i.val      var contents  metacontent  i.val       content.pushname, contents       content[i][name]  contents codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltdiv classcontrolgroupgt     ltlabel classcontrollabelgtTitle  ltspan classselectgtltspangtltlabelgt     ltdiv classcontrolsgt         ltinput classspan10 tip typetext nametitle idtitle maxlength50 requiredgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt  ltdiv classcontrolgroupgt     ltlabel classcontrollabelgtName ltspan classselectgtltspangtltlabelgt     ltdiv classcontrolsgt         ltinput classspan10 tip typetext namename idname maxlength50 requiredgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt  ltdiv idcon stylemargintop20pxgt     ltdiv idwra0 classwragt         ltdiv classcontrolgroupgt             ltlabel classcontrollabelgtMeta Name ltspan classselectgtltspangtltlabelgt             ltdiv classcontrolsgt                 ltinput classspan10 tip typetext maxlength35 idmetaname0 namemetaname[] requiredgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classcontrolgroup iditemsgt             ltlabel classcontrollabelgtMeta Content ltspan classselectgtltspangtltlabelgt             ltdiv classcontrols idwrapergt                 ltinput classspan10 tip typetext idmetacontent0 namemetacontent[] requiredgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgtcodepre div div p
Negative 10594 pI need to convert an longstanding Mercurial repo to a Git repo oneway, onetime conversion, and Id like to pick a Mercurial branch other than codedefaultcode to be the codemastercode branch in the Git repo.p  pIve converted from Mercurial to Git on a smaller repo before, and after a few gotchas that were easy to Google and fix, it went well. In that case, it made sense to map codedefaultcode branch to codemastercode. The only other branch mapping was dev to dev.p  pIn this new case, the repository I have inherited uses the codedefaultcode branch for development, and then merges approved changes into a codestablecode branch. So, when it comes over to Git, Id like the Git codemastercode branch to reflect the codestablecode Mercurial branch, and another branch to reflect the codedefaultcode Mercurial branch.p  pIs this possiblep
Negative 10594 pHow to send Data form view to controller through URL in codeigniter and how I get data in controllerp  precodeltdiv classcolmd3 colmd3textgt ltdiv classclassWithPadgtltimg srcltphp echo baseurl echo assetsimg echo title[i]gtimage gtgt ltphp id  title[i]gtcategoryid gt              ltdiv classtitlebannergtlta hrefltphp echo siteurlWelcomecategory,  gt classmhovergtltphp echo title[i]gtcategoryname gtltagtltdivgt             ltdivgt       ltdivgt codepre  psend like thisp
Negative 10594 pI am working with a very simple FragmentPagerAdapter thats automatically generated by Android Studio. Right now each fragment displays an image and the user can switch between them by swiping left and right. What I want is for when the user swipes right on the very last fragment, FragmentPagerAdapter will call a method to retrieve more images. p  precodepublic class SectionsPagerAdapter extends FragmentPagerAdapter       public SectionsPagerAdapterFragmentManager fm          superfm           Override     public Fragment getItemint position           getItem is called to instantiate the fragment for the given page.          Return a PlaceholderFragment defined as a static inner class below.         Log.dGetting image, String.valueOfposition          return PlaceholderFragment.newInstanceposition  1           Override     public int getCount           Show as  many pages as there are images.         return images.size           ignore this part for now     Override     public CharSequence getPageTitleint position          Locale l  Locale.getDefault         switch position              case 0                 return getStringR.string.titlesection1.toUpperCasel             case 1                 return getStringR.string.titlesection2.toUpperCasel             case 2                 return getStringR.string.titlesection3.toUpperCasel                  return null       codepre  pPlease note, I do not want to retrieve more images until the user tries to swipe right on that very last fragment. This way, it will seem more like a refreshing action. I am very new to android development so all suggestions will be very appreciated. p
Negative 10594 pIm pretty new to ember JS and having some issue returning a apikey object from the server on a post... Im not sure if this is a problem with my rails serializer or a problem with the Ember itself Any suggestions p  padapterp  precodeimport DS from emberdata import Ember from ember  export default DS.RESTAdapter.extend  host httplocalhost3000,       ERROR HANDLING      ajaxError functionjsXHR      var error  this.superjsXHR     if jsXHR ampamp jsXHR.status  422          var response  Ember..parseJSONjsXHR.responseText         var errors           if response.errors              var jsonErrors  response.errors             Ember.EnumerableUtils.forEachEmber.keysjsonErrors, functionkey          errors[Ember.String.camelizekey]  jsonErrors[key]                       return new DS.InvalidErrorerrors      else          return error          codepre  pcontrollersusersnew.jsp  precodeimport Ember from ember             import DS from emberdata              export default Ember.Controller.extend                 actions                      createUser function                          var router  this.gettarget                         var this  this                         var user  this.getPropertiesname, email, username, password, passwordconfirmation                         user  this.store.createRecorduser, user                         user.save.thenfunctionapikey                                                             Get ember object back with apikey attached                                                           console.logapikey                              router.transitionTobrands                         ,                         functionresponse                              this.seterrors, response                                                                             codepre  proutesusersnew.jsp  precodeimport Ember from ember          export default Ember.Route.extend             setupController functioncontroller, model              this.controller.setmodel, this.store.createRecorduser                     codepre  prails endp  precodeclass UsersController lt ApplicationController beforefilter ensureauthenticateduser, only [index]   def index      render json User.all  end   def show      user  User.findparams[id]     if user          render json user     else          render json not found, status 201     end   end   def create      user  User.createuserparams     if user.newrecord         render json  errors user.errors.messages , status 422     else          render json  apikey user.sessionapikey , status 201     end   end   private    def userparams      params.requireuser.permitname, username, email, password, passwordconfirmation  end  end   class ApiKeySerializer lt ActiveModelSerializer  attributes id, accesstoken  hasone user end  class UserSerializer lt ActiveModelSerializer  attributes id, name, username, email  hasone apikey end codepre
Negative 10594 pI am studying Javascript Web Workers. To do so, I created the page and script belowp  pworkertest.htmlp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt     lttitlegtWeb Worker Testlttitlegt     ltscript srcworkertest.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbody onloadinitgt ltformgt     lttable width50gt         lttr styletextalign centergt             lttd width25gt                 ltlabel gtStep Timeltlabelgt                 ltselect idstepTime onchangechangeStepTimegt                     ltoptiongt500ltoptiongt                     ltoptiongt1000ltoptiongt                     ltoptiongt2000ltoptiongt                 ltselectgt             lttdgt             lttd width25gt                 ltbutton idbtnStart onclickreturn buttonActionSTARTgtStartltstartgt             lttdgt             lttd width25gt                 ltbutton idbtnStop onclickreturn buttonActionSTOPgtStopltstartgt             lttdgt             lttd width25gt                 ltbutton idbtnClean onclickreturn cleangtCleanltstartgt             lttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttd colspan4gt                 lttextarea idlog rows15 stylewidth 100 fontsize xxlarge  readonlyreadonlygtlttextareagt             lttdgt         lttrgt     lttablegt ltformgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pworkertest.jsp  precodefunction idstrId      return document.getElementByIdstrId   worker  new Workerworker.js worker.onmessage   functione      switche.data.msg          case STARTED             console.infoe.data             idbtnStart.disabled  true             idbtnStop.disabled  false             break         case STOPPED             console.infoe.data             idbtnStart.disabled  false             idbtnStop.disabled  true             break         case TIME             idlog.value  e.data.time  n             break         default              ...        function buttonActionaction      worker.postMessagemsg action      return false   function changeStepTime      worker.postMessagemsg STEPTIME, stepTime idstepTime.value   function clean      idlog.value        return false   function init      idbtnStop.disabled  true     changeStepTime  codepre  pworker.jsp  precodevar running  false var stepTime  0   Replacement of setTimeout. function pause      var t0  Date.now     whileDate.now  t0 lt stepTime          function          function run      whilerunning          postMessagemsg TIME, time new Date.toISOString          pause         setTimeoutfunction console.debugPAUSE, stepTime        addEventListenermessage, functione      switche.data.msg          case START             running  true             console.debug[WORKER] STARTING. running    running             run             postMessagemsg STARTED             break         case STOP             running  false             console.debug[WORKER] STOPPING. running    running             postMessagemsg STOPPED             break         case STEPTIME             stepTime  parseInte.data.stepTime             console.debug[WORKER] STEP TIME    stepTime             postMessagemsg STEP TIME CHANGED             break         default             console.warn[WORKER]   e.data       codepre  pHow the page is supposed to do When I click in emStartem Button, it sends a message to worker which call run function. In this function there is a while loop. There, first is sent a message to UI thread with the current time in the to be shown in the codeltTEXTAREAgtcode. Next, the codesetTimeoutcode is called to pause in the time setted by codestepTimecode codeltSELECTgtcode element. Also, when the loop starts, the emStartem button must be disabled and the emStopem one enabled. When the emStopem is clicked, it changes the coderunningcode flag in the Worker to false and stops the loop. Also, the emStartem button must be enabled and the emStopem one disabled. Always when I click in the buttons, the console shows the message which is sent to worker and next the message that is received by the UI Thread from Worker. When I change the codestepTimecode codeltSELECTgtcode value, the worker pause time changes. The emCleanem button simply cleans the codeltTEXTAREAgtcode. p  pWhat I really got When I click emStartem, the codeltTEXTAREAgtcode is filled with current time messages and the controls simply dont respond. Actually all the browser instances I tested in Firefox freeze and after some time crash. Apparently, the codesetTimeoutcode is not working in the Worker, althought it works in UI for example, in console I type codesetTimeoutfunction console.debugPAUSE, idstepTime.valuecode. p  pA workaround I tried was replace codesetTimeoutcode calling by codepausecode function. I got this The page and the browser is not freezed. The codeltTEXTAREAgtcode shows the time messages, with the interval initially setted in the codeltSELECTgtcode. The emCleanem button works as expected. However, when the loop starts, it shows the console message in worker codeconsole.debug[WORKER] STARTING. running    runningcode, but not the worker response codepostMessagemsg STARTEDcode. Neither the emStartem is disabled not the emstopem is enabled. Besides, if I change the codeltSELECTgtcode value, it does not change the interval. If I really want change the interval, I need reload the page and set another value.p  pLooking into the code it is obvious why the response is not being called when I start the loop, because the coderuncode function is a inifinite loop and therefore response command never is reached. p  pTherefore, I have two questions p  ol liHow to change the code to make it really assyncronous and responsive.  li liWhy codesetTimeoutcode is not working if it should work according the a hrefhttpsdeveloper.mozilla.orgenUSdocsWebAPIWebWorkersAPIbasicusageImportingscriptsandlibraries relnofollowWeb Worker definitiona.li ol  pThanks, p  pRafael Afonsop
Negative 10594 pI have 3 sets of data AA,B1 and C1 with different lenght and size. The purpose of my code is to be able to count for the similarity score between the data for example the similarity score between AA and B1, AA and C1, B1 and C1. So below is my code that should be able to calculate the similarity score but there is a bit of problem in looping. Only the highest value is select for each pair of data of different length. The output should be AAB1 0.2226, AAC1 0.2037 and B1C1 0.1111 that represent similarity score for each pair.p  pIn reality the output for my code especially codemaxvalicode is supposed according to the size of pairs. For example pairs with size 1 x 2 should have one value in codemaxvalcode output instead of three. Thanks.p  precodeA1[4,3,4,3,3] A2[3,1,2,4] A3[1,2,4] AA[A1,A2,A3] B1[2,2,4,4] C1[4,4,4,3,2,2]  set[AA],[B1],[C1] combsetnchoosekset,2 combinations of two sets  for h1sizecombset,1 combpaircombseth, setscombpair  cathorzcatsets creshaperepmatsets1,numelsets2,1,numelsets1numelsets2,1 drepmatsets2,lengthsets1,1 pairs[c d] indcellfunnumel,pairs,1 gt cellfunnumel,pairs,2 pairsind,[1 2]  pairsind,[2 1] possible pairs of the row of subset pcellsizepairs,1,1  for i1sizepairs,1 the two vectors [a,b]dealpairsi, sliding window indices, and compute the sum idxhankel1numela,numelanumelb countminusibsxfunminus,bidx.,a  count minus between pairs counttotalinumelanumelb  count total countintersectisumcountminusi0  count no. of intersection unionicounttotalicountintersecti  union subseticountintersecti.unioni subset each pair similarity score maxvalimaxsubseti maximum similarity score bsumcellfunx sumx,maxval totalisumbsum0 averagesumbsum  totali end end codepre
Negative 10594 pIm using CoreLocation to use my app in background. More precisely, Im using Significant changes codestartmonitoringsignificantlocationchangescode or Always On codestartupdatinglocationcode depending on server config.p  pOn these two cases, application lifecycle is different p  ul liWith codestartmonitoringsignificantlocationchangescode application is registered to OS, and the app is frozen or killed by OS. It will be waked up when a new location event will be received, and codedidFinishLaunchingWithOptionscode will be called with a specific launch keyli liWith codestartupdatinglocationcode, application will run until codestopupdatinglocationcode is called. Then application will be frozen until the OS kill the app when more memory is neededli ul  pstrongMy questionstrongp  pIm using a SDK developed by my company which should run in background base on CoreLocation services. The SDK is initialized and attached to the codeUIApplicationDelegatecode class.p  pI would like to kill all UI elements after a delay in background to avoid useless data processing in UI timers, refresh, callbacks, ..., because the app is running in background with codestartUpdatingLocationcode.p  pUI Will be launched from zero later in codeapplicationDidBecomeActivecode.p  pHere is what I tried p  p1 Removing automatic storyboard launch in project settingsp  p2 Start the storyboard manually in codedidFinishLaunchingWithOptionscodep  precode Instantiate the initial view controller object from the storyboard UIStoryboard story  [UIStoryboard storyboardWithNameMain bundlenil] window  [[UIWindow alloc] init] window.rootViewController  [story instantiateInitialViewController] [window makeKeyAndVisible] codepre  p3 I tried to destroy the UI in codeapplicationDidEnterBackgroundcode p  precodeUINavigationController vc  UINavigationController window.rootViewController window.rootViewController  nil window  nil codepre  p4 I scheduled a timer every 2s with a NSLog inside in a view controllerp  p5 With the code above, the view controller is not destroyed and timer is still called when the app is in backgroundp  pAny idea p
Negative 10594 pWere trying to build a very particular interactionanimation with a mega menu that is leading us to a solution where we need to pull the top level items out of the hierarchy.p  pSo, for example, the ideal markup is often something like thisp  precodeltulgt     ltligtFruit         ltulgt             ltligtAppleltligt             ltligtBananaltligt         ltulgt     ltligt     ltligtVegetables         ltulgt             ltligtRadishltligt             ltligtPotatoltligt         ltulgt     ltligt     ltligtMeat         ltulgt             ltligtChickenltligt             ltligtBeefltligt         ltulgt     ltligt ltulgt codepre  pIts hierarchical and fairly easy to navigate via keyboard as well as voice feedback. p  pFor the interaction were hoping to create, we really need something like this where the two levels are entirely separatedp  precodeltulgt     ltligtFruitltligt     ltligtVegetablesltligt     ltligtMeatltligt ltulgt ltdivgt     ltulgt         ltligtAppleltligt         ltligtBananaltligt     ltulgt     ltulgt         ltligtRadishltligt         ltligtPotatoltligt     ltulgt     ltulgt         ltligtChickenltligt         ltligtBeefltligt     ltulgt  ltdivgt codepre  pCan this still be made as accessible as the former If so, what needs to be done to ensure good keyboard navigation as well as screen reader compatibilityp
Negative 10594 pHi I am currently creating a maintenance page for my site. Im using the appoffline option with asp.net mvc. My site handles translations in the back end however using the appoffline page I wont be able to do this as all requests will be redirected to this page. My idea was that I could get the language settings from the browser and change the text depending on the county code but I was curious if there was a better way. I found an answer on here that showed me how to do this in javascript but Id still like to see if there is any other ways. The javascript answer was to have a list like below with the each item the class is a country code.p  precode        ltul classtextgt             ltli classen activegtMaintenance Modeltligt             ltli classfrgtMode maintenanceltligt             ltli classesgtModo de mantenimientoltligt             ltli classnlgtMaintenance Modeltligt             ltli classptBRgtModo de Manutenoltligt             ltli classptPTgtModo de Manutenoltligt             ltli classdegtWartungsmodusltligt         ltulgt codepre  pAnd then using javascript and jQuery you either hide or show the row that matches the current browser language.p  precode    var userLang  navigator.language  navigator.userLanguage     if.  userLang.split[0].length      li.removeClassactive     .  userLang.split[0].addClassactive      codepre  pIs there any better ways to do this Ive managed to add images to the page by using Base64 encoding so I dont have to host them elsewhere since I cant request them from the site but translations are the more important issue. I am not sure if this is the correct section to post this question so I am sorry if its not. Thank you for any help and suggestions.p
Negative 10594 pIve developed an iPad app to use for slotracing setups. That app receives data from the track using a bluetooth connection. As a next step, Id like to create another app for phones multi platform, iOS first which can be used as a driver display for each driver. While the iPad is the master, the phones should be able to act as slaves which connect to the master and receive data for the chosen driver such as race position, best time, etc..p  pI was thinking about using wifi direct for this matter, but I dont think there is wifi direct support in cordovaphonegap which Im using for development of the apps.p  pAre there any other possibilities to establish such a connection between different devicesp  pThanks for every hintp
Negative 10594 pI have this methodp  precodepublic function tags      return thisgtbelongsToManyTag,questiontags  codepre  pthis get the Tags details through the questiontags table and connects strongTagstrong with strongQuestionsstrong likep  pstrongTags lt questiontags lt questionsstrongp  pNow I need to get the tags details but using this relationsp  pstrongTag lt questionrevisiontags lt questionrevisions lt questionsstrongp  pbut I cant make it work with a belongsToMany or hasManyThrough because there are more than 2 models implicated.p  pyou think, it would be better if I insert a column on codequestionrevisiontagscode called questionid or is there a way to make this relationp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to compile some files and it is just fine but when I try to link them as follow I get an error p  precodeBuilding target EoCu Invoking GCC C Linker g LhomeworkspaceproductionAlginterfaceSharedlibs m32 g rdynamic  Wl,rpathlink....productionAlginterfaceSharedlibs g rdynamic o EoCu  .simpleiniConvertUTF.o .simpleinisnippets.o  .Tinyxpathactionstore.o .Tinyxpathhtmlutil.o .Tinyxpathlexutil.o .Tinyxpathnodeset.o .Tinyxpathtinystr.o .Tinyxpathtinyxml.o .Tinyxpathtinyxmlerror.o .Tinyxpathtinyxmlparser.o .Tinyxpathtokenlist.o .Tinyxpathxmlutil.o .Tinyxpathxpathexpression.o .Tinyxpathxpathprocessor.o .Tinyxpathxpathstack.o .Tinyxpathxpathstatic.o .Tinyxpathxpathstream.o .Tinyxpathxpathsyntax.o  .AlarmsMsg.o .AppWatchDog.o .BaseIteration.o .CommunicationManager.o .ConfigValidator.o .FilesMng.o .GuiInputHandler.o .GuiManager.o .IniReader.o .IniWriter.o .MessageBuilder.o .MngFile.o .MsgBroker.o .NetworkDisconnectTimerCallable.o .ShareDialog.o .SpoIteration.o .TCPServer.o .Timer.o .TimerCallable.o .TrendsRecorder.o .TrendsUtlFunc.o .XMLBuilder.o .XMLParser.o .actmgr.o .cdlCom.o .entry.o .ioctrl.o .iteration.o .msgqueue.o .prmdb.o .qthread.o .usbDrive.o   lrt llog4cxx lapr1 laprutil1 lexpat lpthread codepre  pI have entered the correct libraries when I compile and run via eclipse it works perfect, but when I do that via the make file I get this error although it is the same make files, can any one help me with thatp  precodeusrbinld warning libexpat.so.0, needed by homeworkspaceproductionAlginterfaceSharedlibslibaprutil1.so, not found try using rpath or rpathlink codepre  pthanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to implement the Shunting Algorithm, but after I read in a character, I will need to determine if it is an operand or an operator. The input file has multiple lines of infix expressions that I will convert to postfix expressions and evaluate. So I need to read each character of each line, evaluate, and then proceed to the next line. The error that I get isp  blockquote   perror incompatible types possible lossy conversion from int to charp blockquote  pSo here is a portion of what I have so farp  precode BufferedReader input  new BufferedReadernew FileReaderinput.txt          char token         char popOp         int popInt1         int popInt2         int result         String line         char temp  a           While the input file still has a line with characters         while line  input.readLine  null                       Create an operator and operand stack                                      operatorStack opStack  new operatorStack             opStack.push             operandStack intStack  new operandStack              token  input.read  Get the first token              ifCharacter.isDigittoken                              System.out.printtoken                 intStack.pushtoken                          else iftoken               ........ codepre  pAny help is appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI use SonarRunner 2.4 and SonarQube 5.0.1.p  pThe property sonar.tests is set to the source folder containing the tests multimodule projectp  precodecore.sonar.projectBaseDir  core core.sonar.tests           ..junitsrc codepre  pDirectories are likep  precodehead   core   junit   webapp codepre  pNevertheless the log says that it cant find any testsp  precodeparsing Cdevheadjunitoutput Resource not found com.nm.test.cluster.TestLocks codepre  pThe junitoutput folder contains the test result XML file name has to start with TEST which I figured out after a long time.p  pBut the test sources strongexiststrong at the location Cdevheadjunitsrcp  pI have also tried to point to the compiled test classed which did not work too.p  pWhat is wrongp
Negative 10594 pI am going to send a byte array through socket.But I used to work in cc and be new to lua. Now i have a problem,here is my question.p  pi want to send a bytearray.It should contain macaddress,stringlength,string.p  pFor detailp  pmacaddress6 bytes length of string 1 byte stringseveral bytesp  p1first question Now,I have a string of macaddress like012fc25eb6a3,how can I convert it into a 6 byte hex arrayp  p2second how to define an unsigned number and store it to bytefor example,stinglength is 33,how can i store it as 0x21 into a bytep  p3last how to combine macaddress6bits,stringlength1bit,datastringfor example,100bytes into a byte array,and successfully send it out through luasocket.p  pthats all.p  pThank youp
Negative 10594 pI very like to use ilnumerics because its vector operater makes me more easyly to converte matlab code to C .here is my code, the Sinc interpolation,in following input var,the y is a 2D matrixxi is 1D matrix or column vectorp  precode   static ILRetArrayltfcomplexgt interpSINCILInArrayltfcomplexgt y, ILInArrayltfloatgt xi, float dx, int p               SINC approximation around 0         sinc0x  sincx for x in [.5,.5]         sinc01  1 and sinc00.5  sinc0.5        sinc0  x 18pi4x.2        using ILScope.Entery, xi                    int[] wn  new int[2]            int[] siz  y.Size.ToIntArray            ILArrayltfcomplexgt yi  ILMath.zerosltfcomplexgtsiz            int n1  intMath.Rounddoublewn[0]  siz[0]  1  1            int n2  intMath.Rounddoublewn[1]  siz[0]  1  1            xi  xi  dx  1             ILArrayltfloatgt idxr  roundxi            ILArrayltfloatgt deltan  xi  idxr            ILArrayltfloatgt SINmat  sinILMath.pif  deltan            ILArrayltfcomplexgt EXPmat  ILMath.ccomplexcosILMath.pif  deltan, SINmat             ILArrayltfloatgt mp  vertcatltfloatgtlinspaceltfloatgtMath.Floorfloatp  2  1, 1, Math.Floorfloatp  2  1, linspaceltfloatgt1, Math.Floorfloatp  2, Math.Floorfloatp  2  1            ILArrayltfloatgt karr  linspaceltfloatgt2, siz[1]  2  1, siz[1]  2             foreach ILArrayltfloatgt k in karr                            ILArrayltfcomplexgt yk1  y[full, k]                ILArrayltfcomplexgt yk2  y[full, end  k  2]                ILArrayltfloatgt idxrk  idxr[rn1, n2]                ILArrayltfloatgt deltank  deltan[rn1, n2, k]                ILLogical I                foreach ILArrayltfloatgt m in mp                                    ILArrayltfloatgt C  1  deltank  m                    ILArrayltfloatgt idxk  idxrk  m                    I  idxk lt 1  idxk gt siz[1]                    C[I]  0                    idxk[I]  1                    yi[rn1, n2, k]  yi[rn1, n2, k]  tofcomplexC  yk1[idxk]                    if k lt siz[1]  2  1                        yi[rn1, n2, end  k  2]  yi[rn1, n2, end  k  2]  tofcomplexC  yk2[idxk]                                yi[rn1, n2, k]  tofcomplex1  ILMath.pif  SINmat[rn1, n2, k]  yi[rn1, n2, k]                if k lt siz[1]  2  1                    yi[rn1, n2, end  k  2]  tofcomplex1  ILMath.pif  SINmat[rn1, n2, k]  yi[rn1, n2, end  k  2]                 I  idxrk gt siz[1]                idxrk[I]  1  arbitrary junk index                ILArrayltfloatgt temp1  4  8  ILMath.pif                 ILArrayltfloatgt temp2  0.5f                   deltank[I] pow 48ILMath.pif, 0.5fhere is an syntax error if do this directly.                deltank[I]  powtemp1, 0.5f  so that sinc0deltankI  0                  ILArrayltfloatgt S  1  8  ILMath.pif  4  powdeltank, 2                yi[rn1, n2, k]  yi[rn1, n2, k]  yk1[idxrk]  tofcomplexS                if k lt siz[1]  2  1                    yi[rn1, n2, end  k  2]  yi[rn1, n2, end  k  2]  yk2[idxrk]  tofcomplexS                 yi[rn1, n2, k]  yi[rn1, n2, k]  EXPmat[rn1, n2, k]                if k lt siz[2]  2  1                    yi[rn1, n2, end  k  2]  yi[rn1, n2, end  k  2]  EXPmat[rn1, n2, k]                        return yi             codepre  pand here is the matlba codep  precodefunction yi  interpSINCdx,y,xi,p,wn   Sinc interpolation   A ppoint sinc interpolator is used     SINC approximation around 0  sinc0x  sincx for x in [.5,.5]  sinc01  1 and sinc00.5  sinc0.5 sinc0  x 18pi4x.2  siz  sizey yi  zerossiz n1  roundwn1siz111 n2  roundwn2siz111  xi  xidx  1  n  deltan idxr  roundxi  n deltan  xiidxr SINmat  sinpideltan EXPmat  cospideltan1iSINmat  mp  [floorp211 1floorp2] for k  2siz221     yk1  y,k     yk2  y,endk2     idxrk  idxrn1n2,k     deltank  deltann1n2,k     for m  mp         C  1.deltankm          C  1absdeltankmfloorp21.deltankm  Triangle tapered          C  1.tanpideltankmp  Muirs function tapered see Fomel 2001         idxk  idxrkm           idxk  modidxk1,siz11         I  idxklt1 idxkgtsiz1         CI  0 idxkI  1  arbitrary junk index since CI0          yin1n2,k  yin1n2,k  C.yk1idxk         if kltsiz221             yin1n2,endk2  yin1n2,endk2  C.yk2idxk         end     end     yin1n2,k  1piSINmatn1n2,k.yin1n2,k     if kltsiz221         yin1n2,endk2  1piSINmatn1n2,k.yin1n2,endk2     end       idem for m  0            idxrk  modidxrk1,siz11     I  idxrkgtsiz1     idxrkI  1  arbitrary junk index     deltankI  48pi.5  so that sinc0deltankI  0      S  sinc0deltank     yin1n2,k  yin1n2,k  yk1idxrk.S     if kltsiz221         yin1n2,endk2  yin1n2,endk2  yk2idxrk.S     end      yin1n2,k  yin1n2,k.EXPmatn1n2,k     if kltsiz221         yin1n2,endk2  yin1n2,endk2.EXPmatn1n2,k     end  end end codepre  pnow ,i dont know it is right or not for the c vesion. is it possible for us to improve this c code performance i mean more quike the most important and need less memory secondly by ilnumericslist above mayby paralle i find ilnumericss many functions just like  all,conj.... peform paralle. but some parelle assistant classesor functions is internal ,just ilnumeicss developments can use it in ilnumerics DLL.br the second is, in matlab,we have  SIGk  fftSIGk,nxFFT,2 the nxFFT is the number to perform fft ,and 2 means perform fft along the row in SIGK. HOW i do the same by ilnumerics, and if matlab code SIGk  fftSIGk,nxFFT,1 ,perform fft along each column,the ilnumerics have some easy way to do this   thanksp
Negative 10594 pMy goal is to print simple text Hello World on desktop printers using Android host device and USB OTG cable.p  pI created an application with the instructions at a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comguidetopicsconnectivityusbhost.html relnofollowdeveloper.android.comUSB Hosta. Everything works fine, I get the interface and endpoint of device then I connect to a printer and I send an array of bytes to the device using the method a hrefhttpwww.frankworsley.comblog2011123printingdirectlytoanetworkprinter relnofollowpublic int bulkTransfer ...a. This method, without eny problems, return length of sent data. p  pI tried to send a raw array of bytes in PJLPCL, I have followed the instructions on the following page a hrefhttpwww.frankworsley.comblog2011123printingdirectlytoanetworkprinter relnofollowprintingdirectlytoanetworkprinterap  precodeltESCgt12345XPJL JOB NAME  My Print Job Name ltCRgtltLFgt PJL ENTER LANGUAGE  PCL ltCRgtltLFgt ltESCgtEHello World ltESCgt12345X PJL EOF ltCRgtltLFgt ltESCgt12345X codepre  pBefore sending data, I replaced the tags codeltESCgtcode codeltCRgtcode codeltLFgtcode to ASCII characters as it is mentioned on the attached web page. Then I cast a String object to an array of bytes codebyte [] bytes  data.getBytes code and send data to the printer codesentBytes  connection.bulkTransfer output, bytes, bytes.length, 1000code. The problem is that nothing happened p  pThe second format I tried, if printer would not accept PJL  PCL, was PostScript, I just copy and paste a hrefhttpwww2.latech.eduacmhelloworldpostscript.html relnofollowthisa examples to String objectbyte array and tried to print. But again nothing happened.p  pSo I would like to ask what Im doing wrong It is actually possible to send raw commands to the printer and print simple textp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pFinally, the first paper came out of the printer  I found that the devices have more than one interfaces so I just used suitable and everything works. I also found that the printer Iam using HP Photosmart 5510 uses PCL 3GUI, so if anyone knew about any suitable books or tutorials how to work in that language, please feel free to write me.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to do something which would work in C, but C is a bit of a challenge for me.p  pI have a method which does a bit of parsing, database access, web accessetc and eventually ends up with a series of strings to add to a container.   Sometimes I need to add it to a hashset or list or etc.p  pSo, in c, this would look like this p  precodelttemplate Tgt bool GetStringsTamp container      ...     stdstring foo  bar     ...     container.addfoo   This statement is within a loop and if checks     ...     return true  codepre  pI tried that in C p  precodeprivate bool GetStringsltTgtref T cont      string foo  BAR     cont.Addfoo  T does not contain a definition for Add ...     return true  codepre  pA coworker suggested using the containers base classinterface instead.   So, I tried this out after seeing List, Hashset, etc have a common interface definition p  precodeprivate bool GetStringsref ICollectionltstringgt cont      string foo  BAR     cont.Addfoo     return true  codepre  pI want to be able call this method like this p  precodeHashSetltstringgt a  new HashSetltstringgt Listltstringgt b  new Listltstringgt  etc other classes containing Add method if GetStringref a ...   These arent all in one place, but spread out if GetStringref b ...   and the types are based on what is useful in if GetStringref c ...   each particular context. if GetStringref d ... codepre  pNow the method itself compiles, but I cant invoke it.   I get Best overload has invalid arguments, emArgument 1 cannot convert from ref System.Collections.Generic.List to ref System.Collections.Generic.ICollectionemp  pI figure its just a type cast needed thing.   So, I try p  precodeif GetStringref ICollectionltstringgta ... codepre  pThen I get emA ref or out argument must be an assignable variableem.   So, the question is... can this be done in C, am I just totally on the wrong track   I also looked into passing an Object ref and trying to call GetType and GetMethod and such to figure out if Add was available and such but couldnt figure out how to call the Add method.p
Negative 10594 pI have a problem with encoding after fetching data from MySQL database. Please see attached codep  precodemydb  dbConnectMySQL, userroot, password, dbname, hostlocalhost dbGetQuerymydb, SET NAMES utf8 rs  dbSendQuerymydb, SELECT bodyprepared FROM articles data  fetchrs, n1  printdata     internetov televzor mdry obyajn codepre  pAfter used command codeprintdatacode I should see codeinternetov televzor mdry obyajncodeIt is slovak languague, but I see codeinternetov televzor mdry obyajncode. p  pI tried to run R via Rgui and also via Rstudio, but that didnt have any effect and result was same in Rgui and also Rstudio. I tried to use codeenc2utf8data[[1]]code or change various types encoding by codeSys.setlocaleLCCTYPE, enEN.UTF8code, but these commands werent helpful.  I thought, there is problem on Mysql side, but there is set correct utf8 encoding for my column. p  pI dont know where can be the problem. Its made me mad. Can you help with this problem I will be very gratuful. p  pFor complete information, here is my sessionInfop  precodegt sessionInfo     R version 3.1.2 20141031     Platform x8664w64mingw32x64 64bit  locale [1] LCCOLLATESlovakSlovakia.1250  LCCTYPESlovakSlovakia.1250    [3] LCMONETARYSlovakSlovakia.1250 LCNUMERICC                     [5] LCTIMESlovakSlovakia.1250      attached base packages [1] stats     graphics  grDevices utils     datasets  methods   base       other attached packages [1] RMySQL0.10.2 DBI0.3.1      loaded via a namespace and not attached [1] tools3.1.2 codepre  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI rewrote codedbGetQuerymydb, SET NAMES utf8code to codedbGetQuerymydb, SET NAMES cp1250code and suddenly it showed correct result.p
Negative 10594 pFrom doing several searches I have found that it is a common issue that the unwind segues were buggy when implementing a UITabBarController.p  pI created a simple UITabBarController with two views. View A and View B. p  pI followed the instructions at a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions25654941unwindseguenotworkinginios8Unwind Segue not working in iOS 8ap  pThe solution to add a custom class to the UITabBarController and use thisp  pCustomTabBarController.swiftp  precodeimport UIKit  class CustomTabBarController UITabBarController   override func viewControllerForUnwindSegueActionaction Selector, fromViewController UIViewController, withSender sender AnyObject gt UIViewController      var resultVC  self.selectedViewController.viewControllerForUnwindSegueActionaction, fromViewController fromViewController, withSender sender     return resultVC        codepre  pIve connected a simple button on View B to pass a string to View A. I also gave the unwind segue an identifier when hooking it up to the Exit and set up preparForSegue with that specific identifier. Im running Xcode 6.2.p  pIt has still not worked correctly as it has for others. Ive gotten the segue to work correctly with the same code without using the UITabBarController. Upon using the UITabBarController I click the button associated with the Exit and nothing happens, not even an error.p  pPlease any insight would be gratefully appreciated.p  pThank youp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to create a dropdown menu using CSS.p  pThe only difference is that I need to put two different rows of submenu side by side in one dropdown menu.p  pTo explain this I have attached an image so you can see what i meanp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHnQPD.jpg altenter image description herep  pCould someone please advise on thisp
Negative 10594 pIm having the following code in an AngularJS  Polymer applicationp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltpgtThis is the profile view.ltpgt  ltform novalidategt     ltpaperinputdecorator labelFirst name floatingLabel errorFirst name is required autoValidategt         ltinput idformfirstName typetext ngmodeluser.firstName iscoreinput requiredgt     ltpaperinputdecoratorgt ltformgt codepre  pResulting in img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comBgoEf.png altenter image description herep  pAs you can see text is being set by Angular over the directive ngmodeluser.firstName. But the input field gives an error about text being required. When I set the cursor to the input field and add or remove a single letter, this gets validated correctly. I tried adding an id to the paperinputdecorator  input, and calling validate but this does not work.p  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltpgtThis is the profile view.ltpgt  ltform novalidategt     ltpaperinputdecorator labelFirst name floatingLabel errorFirst name is required autoValidategt         ltinput idformfirstName typetext ngmodeluser.firstName iscoreinput requiredgt     ltpaperinputdecoratorgt ltformgt  ltscriptgt document.getElementByIdformfirstName.addEventListenerchange, function      console.logFire     formfirstName.validate  ltscriptgt codepre  pHow should I solve this problem I need to validate the Polymer input field on the moment Angular sets its value.p
Negative 10594 precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltctype.hgt include ltstring.hgt include stack.h  define MAXEQULEN 100  static int precchar operator      switch operator              case              return 5         case              return 4         case              return 3         case              return 2         case              return 1         default             break           return 0   static int isNumericchar num      ifatoinum  0              return 0                  return 1   char infixtopostfixchar infix      char postfix  mallocMAXEQULEN     stack s  createstack     sgtsize  strleninfix     node tempPtr  sgtstack     unsigned int i     char symbol,next      fori  0 i lt sgtsize  i              symbol  infix  i         tempPtr  sgtstack         ifisNumericampsymbol  1                      strcatpostfix, ampsymbol                  else ifsymbol                        pushs, symbol                  else ifsymbol                        whilesgtsize  0 ampamp tops                                next  tempPtrgtdata                 pops                 strcatpostfix, ampnext                 tempPtr  sgtstack                 iftempPtrgtdata                                        pops                                                else                      whilesgtsize  0 ampamp prectops gt precsymbol                              next  tempPtrgtdata                 pops                 strcatpostfix, ampnext                 pushs,next                               whilesgtsize  0                      next  tempPtrgtdata             pops             strcatpostfix, ampnext                   return postfix    int evaluatepostfixchar postfix       For each token in the string         int i,result         int right, left         char ch         stack s  createstack         node tempPtr  sgtstack          fori0postfix[i] lt strlenpostfix i             if the token is numeric             ch  postfix[i]             ifisNumericampch                 convert it to an integer and push it onto the stack                 atoiampch                 pushs, ch                          else                              popamps[i]                 popamps[i1]                 apply the operation                 result  left op right                        switchch                                                    case  pushamps[i],right  left                                      break                            case  pushamps[i],right  left                                      break                            case  pushamps[i],right  left                                      break                            case  pushamps[i],right  left                                      break                                                           tempPtr  sgtstack         return the result from the stack         returntempPtrgtdata   codepre  pThis file is part of a program that uses a stack struct to perform an infix to postfix on an input file. The other functions have been tested and work fine but when I try to add this part and actually perform the operations the program segmentation faults. A debugger says it occurs in the infixtopostfix function however it doesnt say which line and I cant figure out where. Does anyone know why this would seg fault                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   p
Negative 10594 pa hrefhttpen.cppreference.comwcppiteratorbegincppreferencea shows this signature for codestdcbegincodep  precodetemplatelt class C gt constexpr auto cbegin const Camp c  gt decltypestdbeginc codepre  pShouldnt it return something like codeCconstiteratorcode insteadp
Negative 10594 pPlease no importing counters. I need to write a function that takes out the top 3 most occurring words in a string and returns them in a list in the order of most frequently occurring to least frequently occurring.p  pso codehthe the the the cat cat cat in in hat codep  precodegtgtgt [the, cat, in] codepre  pand if there are less than 3 types of words in a stringp  precodehthe the cat gtgtgt [the, cat] codepre
Negative 10594 pOk, I am working with g 4.8.2 and have the following somewhat long code that gets an error message about an incomplete type.  I have reduced the code to a smaller chunk for inclusion here and can be compiled directlyp  precodeinclude ltcstdlibgt  struct S    void method    templateltsizet sz, sizet totgt class genpool    template ltclass Tgt class mempool  private   genpoolltsizeofT, 10sizeofTgt p    template ltclass obj, class mthdgt class functor  private   static mempoolltfunctorltobj, mthdgt gt pool   template ltclass obj, class mthdgt mempoolltfunctorltobj, mthdgt gt functorltobj, mthdgtpool  int main    typedef void Sm   typedef functorltS, mgt fctr    fctr f  codepre  pThe compiler error message isp  precodeg jj.C jj.C In instantiation of class mempoolltfunctorltS, void Sgt gt jj.C3030   required from class functorltS, void Sgt jj.C378   required from here jj.C1817 error invalid application of sizeof to incomplete type functorltS, void Sgt    genpoolltsizeofT, 10sizeofTgt p                    Compilation exited abnormally with code 1 at Thu Apr  9 185006 codepre  pObviously, the template functor is defined above and all the arguments to functor have been explicitly defined.  This seems to imply to me that the sizeof function should be well defined.  Is there something that I am missing herep  pRonp
Negative 10594 pLooking to our Magento application, i found several unused links in cms pages, so, I exported the table, i have a sql file, and now I wanna replacedelete those links using command line.p  pIm trying to use a regex pattern to do it, but my regex experience is based on playing in this a hrefhttpwww.regexr.com relnofollowregex interactive weba. p  pThere are MANY links in these pages, but i just wanna delete those who link to codedomainname.comcode and codedomainname.escode, so, which the best way to do it whit these kind of linksp  precodelta titleCRADLE 1SLOT SER USB CK3031 NOTES hrefhttpdomainname.comterminalesintermecaccesorios3813cradle1slotserusbck3031notes.htmlgtltagt codepre  porp  precodelta titleCRADLE 1SLOT SER USB CK3031 NOTES hrefhttpdomainname.esterminalesintermecaccesorios3813cradle1slotserusbck3031notes.htmlgtltagt codepre  pI was trying to do something with codegrepcode andor codesedcode but with my regexp  pcodegrep wwsws.splusexpress.agtbcodep  pit doesnt work, so, any help is welcomep  pEDITp  pTHe sqlfile has just strings like thisp  precoded styletextalign centergtampnbspltimg srchttpwww.anotherdomain.commediasmallimage.jpg alt width117 height117 gtltbr gtlttdgtrnlttd styletextalign centergtrnltpgtPSU WALL AC CV30 NOTESltpgtrnlttdgtrnlttdgtUniv Supply Circ 5P 12V 50W FW5012 RoHS.ltbr gtlttdgtrnlttdgtRequires AC power cord CAIEC Will not power heated display element.ampnbsplttdgtrnlttrgtrnlttrgtrnlttd styletextalign leftgtrnltpgtlta hrefhttpwww.anotherdomain.comcheckoutcartaddproduct7797 targetblankgtVE0112013ltagtlta titleWALL MOUNT CABLE PROTECTOR CV30  NOTES hrefhttpdomainname.esterminaaccesorios3982wallmountcableprotectorcv30notes.htmlgtltagtltpgtrnlttdgtrnlttd styletextalign centergtltimg srchttpwww.anotherdomain.commediasmallimage.jpg alt width117 height117 gtltbr gtlttdgtrnlttd styletextalign centergtrnltpgtWALL MOUNT CABLE PROTECTOR CV30 NOTESlta titleWALL MOUNT CABLE PROTECTOR CV30  NOTES hrefhttpwww.anotherdomain.comve0112013gtltagtltpgtrnlttdgtrnlttdgtampnbsplttdgtrnlttdgtampnbsplttdgtrnlttrgtrnlttrgtrnlttd styletextalign leftgtrnltpgtlta hrefhttpwww.anotherdomain.comcheckoutcartaddproduct3681 targetblankgtVE0112011ltagtlta titleADAPTOR MOUNTING PLATE CV30  hrefhttpdomainname.esterminaaccesorios3981adaptormountingplatecv30.htmlgtltagtltpgtrnlttdgtrnlttd styletextalign centergtltimg srchttpwww.anotherdomain.commediasmallimage.jpg alt width117 height117 gtltbr gtlttdgtrnlttd styletextalign centergtrnltpgtADAPTOR MOUNTING PLATE CV30ltpgtrnlttdgtrnlttdgtltbr gtlttdgtrnlttdgtampnbsplttdgtrnlttrgtrnlttrgtrnlttd styletextalign leftgtrnltpgtlta hrefhttpwww.anotherdomain.comcheckoutcartaddproduct3680 targetblankgtVE0112006ltagtltpgtrnlttdgtrnlttd styletextalign centergtltspan stylecolor ff0000gtltimg titleVE0112006 MOUNT KIT BRACKET WALL CV30 srch codepre
Negative 10594 pI am working on a code that inserts a node into the end of a linked list, and simply it does not work. It gives me that same linked list as before, without appending any nodes.p  h3resulth3  precodethe old list is  9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0  the new list is  9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0  codepre  h3codeh3  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltstdbool.hgt  make a new type structure called node typedef struct nodes     int n     struct nodes next node assigning the first node of the linked list node headNULL append function void appendint number     node tailmallocsizeofnode     iftailNULL         printfunable to allocate         exit1          tailgtnnumber     tailgtnextNULL     ifheadgtnextNULL         tailgtnexthead         printfadded successfully          else         fornode currentheadcurrentgtnextNULLcurrentcurrentgtnext             currentgtnexttail             printfAdded successfully             break                main function int mainint argc,char argv[]     checking that the commmand is correct     ifargc2         printfPlease type .append and then type the number you want to add to the list          accept numbers in second argument     int newnumberatoiargv[1]     make the list     forint i0ilt10i         node newnodemallocsizeofnode         checking         ifnewNULL             exit1                  newnodegtni         newnodegtnexthead         headnewnode          printing the old list     printfthe old list is n     fornode conductorheadconductorNULLconductorconductorgtnext         printfi ,conductorgtn          append the number given to the start of the linked list      appendnewnumber     printing the new list     printfnthe new list is n     fornode conductorheadconductorNULLconductorconductorgtnext         printfi ,conductorgtn          printfn     return 0     codepre  pSo the function seems have no impact at all. I cant see where the bug is.p
Negative 10594 pFrom what I have read, numbers in JavaScript are actually stored as floating points and there is no real integer type.  Is this accuratep  pIf there is no integer type, then how can I accurately store currencies  As a string or somethingp
Negative 10594 pI have set up features from an external geoJson file in Mapbox and bound popups to these features following the example at a hrefhttpswww.mapbox.commapbox.jsexamplev1.0.0custompopup relnofollowhttpswww.mapbox.commapbox.jsexamplev1.0.0custompopupap  precodevar myLayer  L.mapbox.featureLayerbldgData.addTomap  myLayer.eachLayerfunctionlayer        set up popup for each marker     var content       var props  layer.feature.properties     var imagePart  ltimg classpopupPic srcimagesthumbnails  props.filename   gtltimggt     var infoPart  lth3 classpopupInfogt  props.bldgName  lth3gtltpgt          props.architect  ltbr gt  props.year  ltpgt     content  imagePart  infoPart      layer.bindPopupcontent, closeButton false  codepre  pThe popups are set up to display on mouseover...p  precodemyLayer.onmouseover, functione      e.layer.closePopup     e.layer.openPopup   myLayer.onmouseout, functione      e.layer.closePopup  codepre  pI have also set up filtering to display selected features following the example at a hrefhttpswww.mapbox.commapbox.jsexamplev1.0.0filteringmarkers relnofollowhttpswww.mapbox.commapbox.jsexamplev1.0.0filteringmarkersap  precodefunction chooseBldg     var bldgs  document.getElementByIdbuildingTypeMenu.value      ifbldgs  all          myLayer.setFilterfunctionf return true           else          myLayer.setFilterfunctionf              return f.properties[buildingType]  bldgs                 codepre  pThe popups display correctly when I first display the page, and the filters correctly select the subset of markers to display, but after the filter has been triggered the popups no longer display on mouseover.  Do I need to rebind the popups by explicitly triggering the eachLayer function or something after the filter has been done p
Negative 10594 pIve tried various solutions to find a good way to get through a file beginning with a specific word, and ending with a specific word.  p  pLets say I have a file named codestates.txtcode containingp  precodeAlabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois  Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana  Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania  Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming codepre  pI want to cat codestates.txtcode and get the following states that begin with codeIdahocode and end with codeSouth Dakotacode.p  pI also want to ignore the fact that the states are in alphabetical order the actual file contents I am going for are not in such order.p  pThe result should look likep  precodeIdaho Illinois  Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana  Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania  Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota codepre  pThank you for your time and patience on this one.  I appreciate any help offered.p
Negative 10594 pIm reading a book for learning java fundamentals. In Strings section i have read immutable strings and i get it that strongstrings in java are immutablestrong But then i read the sentence that i wrote in question title, p  blockquote   pBut immutable strings have one great advantage strongemthe compiler can   arrange that strings are sharedemstrongp blockquote  pHow compiler can arrange that strings are shared,  what does that really mean How it is an advantage of immutable stringsp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pI need to call function from AngularJS controller in my HTML template. My HTML Slim code looks like thatp  precode if flash.empty   p true     onLoginClicked  codepre  pWhen codeifcode statement is true I need to call function codeonLoginClickedcode while page is loading when login error occurs, so only once per refresh.p
Negative 10594 pI have a triangle where two points have the same ZValue and one has a different Value. Now I want to transform the point with the different ZValue, so that it optically generates a vertical Triangle. Assuming point C is the one with the different heightValue, I somehow need to move the X and Y Coordinates of point C orthogonal to the DifferenceVector of A and B, until they vertically line up, e.g. the slope is exactly 90 degrees. But unfortunately, I am a complete idiot concerning rotations and stuff. Could you give me any hints how to solve that p  pThe code I need it for is written in C, but a simple pseudocode would be enough  p  pBut preferably a rather quick way, because it has to be called up to 700000 times per player, per chunk loadp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to make a command line tool with Click in Python, and I cant seem to find any documentation on packaging up the library into something thats installable. Is there any way to do this At the moment Im just using a virtual environment and installing it for testing using the commands listed in the docs a hrefhttpclick.pocoo.org4setuptoolstestingthescript relnofollowhttpclick.pocoo.org4setuptoolstestingthescriptap  precode virtualenv venv  . venvbinactivate  pip install editable . codepre  pIm relatively new to Click so forgive me if Im missing something painfully obvious.p
Negative 10594 phi i want to reboot my adsl modem with command prompt in java . but cmd stopped when username is wanted and must be entered. what is problemp  precodeimport java.io.IOException  public class ExecuteShellComand       public static void mainString[] args throws IOException               String tel  telnet 192.168.1.1 23         String user  admin         String pass  admin         String reboot  reboot         String command  cmd c start cmd.exe ctelcusercpasscreboot          Process child  Runtime.getRuntime.execcommand        codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJ6sTj.png altwhen username must be enteredp
Negative 10594 pIm having some troubles understanding the way redirects work. I tried setting up a 301 redirect from site A to site B but when a user arrives to site B it doesnt show site A as a referrer. Is there any way to make it work properlyp
Negative 10594 pI run the command strongcordova platform add androidstrong and I get the following errorp  precodeCMobilegtcordova platform add android Running command CProgram Filesnodejsnode.exe CMobilehooksbeforeplatformaddinitdirectories.js CMobile npm http GET httpsregistry.npmjs.orgcordovaandroid3.7.1 npm http GET httpsregistry.npmjs.orgcordovaandroid3.7.1 npm http GET httpsregistry.npmjs.orgcordovaandroid3.7.1 Unable to fetch platform android Error tunneling socket could not be established, cause8960error140770FCSSL routinesSSL23GETSERVERHELLOunknown protocolopensslssls23clnt.c787 codepre  pIm behind an enterprise proxy, it is already configured proxy, httpsproxy variables. The configuration below is my strongnpm getstrong settingp  precoderegistry  httpregistry.npmjs.org strictssl  false codepre  pIm running onp  precodenodejs v.0.10.29 cordova v.4.3.0 npm v.1.4.14 codepre  pHow can I sort this outp
Negative 10594 pIve been using SQL Server for quite a while, I always create database with design view.p  pThe steps I took to create the table isp  ul liRight Click Table  New Table li liI always have the first column as codeSOMETHINGIDcode int  I make codeSOMETHINGIDcode as codeIdentitycode with auto increment of 1 li li Then I add other columns li li Save and useli ul  pAs you can see, I didnt define codeSOMETHINGIDcode by right clicking it and SET AS PRIMARY.p  pWill there be any performance impact in this casep
Negative 10594 pFor example, consider a hrefhttppubs.opengroup.orgonlinepubs9699919799functionsfdopen.html relnofollowcodefdopencodea. I have been wondering whether its possible for this to block, if, say, the file descriptor argument refers to a pipe or socket. A Google search hasnt turned up anything useful. On one hand, it seems to me that it shouldnt block because it just associates a stream with a file descriptor. On the other hand, I wonder whether the implementation has license to prefill the buffers upon the codefdopencode call, which could block if the newly opened pipe or socket has no data available for reading yet.p  pThe possible errors are codeEMFILEcode, codeEBADFcode, codeEINVALcode, and codeENOMEMcode. I assume that any blocking IO function may potentially be interrupted by a signal, so if it were possible for codefdopencode to block, then codeEINTRcode would also be given as a possible error. Since that isnt the case, can I assume that codefdopencode never blocks Does this generalize to other IO functions toop
Negative 10594 pIm using Rails 4.2.1.  My table has a height column.  Is there a way to make a height conversion on the params passed in by the user  Something likep  precodeclass WhateverController lt ApplicationController   def update     currentuser.updateattributesuserparams do u       u.height  convertheightfromfeettoinches     end   end    private      def userparams       params.requireuser.permitname, heightfeet, heightinches, weight     end      def convertheightfromfeettoinches       userparams[heightfeet]  12  userparams[heightinches]     end  end codepre  pFor some reason updateattributes is not processing the block Im trying to pass it.  Not sure why you wouldnt be able to pass a block to updateattributes.p
Negative 10594 pI have an horizontal rectangle div container strongparentstrong img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGp1Ki.png altenter image description herep  pwith another smaller one inside strongchildstrong.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comwXA7v.png altenter image description here p  pI want to make the smaller one strongchildstrong look like a circle and the height should always be the same as the parent div for all resolutions.p  pI found a lot of solutions showing how to make a strong11 proportional divstrong for instance, a hrefhttpwww.mademyday.decssheightequalswidthwithpurecss.html relnofollowthis examplea  but all of them were based on the width of the div and not the strongheightstrong. This means that i need to know the width to apply the solutions but in my case, i cant do that , since I know the height 100 of the height of the parent but I dont know the width.p  pIve tried to adapt the solution but I was not successful. p  pAny idea how i can make a 11 div knowing the height of the div p  pThanks  p
Negative 10594 pSo, Im in a OS, Xcode application, in ObjectiveC code. Heres what I have so farp  precodeimport ltFoundationFoundation.hgt  int mainint argc, const char  argv[]      autoreleasepool            IN THIS CHALLENGE, I HAVE TO MAKE MY OWN PLIST          IT HAS TO INCLUDE ALL 8 TYPES ARRAY, DICTIONARY, STRING, DATA, DATE, INTEGER, FLOAT, AND BOOLEAN...           Add the elements         NSMutableArray array         NSMutableDictionary dictionary         NSString string         NSData data         NSDate date         int integer         float floating         BOOL boolean            Set up the elements         [array addObject[NSString stringWithFormatArray]]         [dictionary setObjectDictionary                        forKeydic]         string  [NSString stringWithFormatString]         data  [NSData dataWithContentsOfFiletmpcool.text]         date  [NSDate date]         integer  50         floating  50.5         boolean  YES            Log them out         NSLogArray nn, array         NSLogDictionary nn, dictionary         NSLogString nn, string         NSLogData nn, data         NSLogDate nn, date         NSLogInteger dnn, integer         NSLogFloat fnn, floating         NSLogBoolean hhdnn, boolean           return 0  codepre  pSo, what this challenge from a coding book Im following is supposed to do, is print out the values of each of these in the console. But, I have a problem here. When I run the application, the log prints out thisp  blockquote   p20150508 144823.588 CHALLENGE 7. Plist[218171995500] Array   nullp      p20150508 144823.590 CHALLENGE 7. Plist[218171995500] Dictionary    nullp      p20150508 144823.590 CHALLENGE 7. Plist[218171995500] String   Stringp      p20150508 144823.590 CHALLENGE 7. Plist[218171995500] Data   lt43687269 73746961 6e206973 20636f6f 6c210a43 68726973 7469616e   20697320 636f6f6c 210a4368 72697374 69616e20 69732063 6f6f6c21   0a436872 69737469 616e2069 7320636f 6f6c210a 43687269 73746961   6e206973 20636f6f 6c210a43 68726973 7469616e 20697320 636f6f6c   210a4368 72697374 69616e20 69732063 6f6f6c21 0a436872 69737469   616e2069 7320636f 6f6c210a 43687269 73746961 6e206973 20636f6f   6c210a43 68726973 7469616e 20697320 636f6f6c 21p      p20150508 144823.596 CHALLENGE 7. Plist[218171995500] Date   20150508 194823 0000p      p20150508 144823.596 CHALLENGE 7. Plist[218171995500] Integer 50p      p20150508 144823.596 CHALLENGE 7. Plist[218171995500] Float   50.500000p      p20150508 144823.597 CHALLENGE 7. Plist[218171995500] Boolean 1p blockquote  pSo, this is OK, but Id like some help on how to use the NSLog to print out the values correctly. As you can see, both the array and the dictionary are printed out as null, or rather, with no value. And the data from a file containing the words Random Text doesnt print out the String value. It seems to print out the nonhumanreadable value of the file itself. Is it because I used the  token with these If so, what emshouldem I usep
Negative 10594 pIn iOS i want send a POST request to a jsonRPC web service. How can i do this i read a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions25341858performpostrequestiniosswiftThis Pagea before and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions25341858performpostrequestiniosswiftthis repoa but none of them have helped me.p
Negative 10594 pI have created a web api in which i am passing two list item other string parameters, all string parameters getting passed but only list parameters getting null in web api. Here is my code.p  precode    public class CourseDetails                                     public string Name  get set          public string Price  get set          public string Domain  get set                       public ListltSuggestedAndFAQgt SuggestedReadingList  get set          public ListltSuggestedAndFAQgt FAQList  get set                        [HttpPost]     public string SaveCourse[FromBody] CourseDetails CD              string strResult  N         usingICALMSAdminEntities db new ICALMSAdminEntities                     My code               codepre  pCalling web api...p  precodepublic string SaveCourseCourseDetails CD              string uri1  httpxxxmyWebApi         using WebClient wc  new WebClient                      string newUri  uri1  SaveCourse                             string myParameters  Name  CD.Name  ampDomain  CD.Domain  ampPrice  CD.Price ampSuggestedReadingList  CD.SuggestedReadingList  ampFAQList  CD.FAQList             wc.Headers[HttpRequestHeader.ContentType]  applicationxwwwformurlencoded             return JsonConvert.DeserializeObjectltstringgtwc.UploadStringnewUri, myParameters               codepre
Negative 10594 pI have thirdleveldomain domain.example.com and I have this .htaccessp  precodeRewriteEngine On RewriteCond HTTPHOST domain.example.com [NC] RewriteCond REQUESTURI domain RewriteRule . domain1 [L, QSA] codepre  pSo now I need to create folder name folder. When I tried to load a page p  precode domain.example.comfolderindex.html  codepre  pthe page is not dispayed, I have to load p  precode domain.example.comdomainfolderindex.html... codepre  pHow can I hide folder domain so I can load the page via p  precode domain.example.comfolderindex.html codepre  pThank you for answersp
Negative 10594 pI have an angular.js application where I am lazy loading controllers and services in the coderesolvecode block of my state definitions uirouter. Here is what I do p  precoderesolve      loadDependencies function q, stateParams, cache, session          var module  stateParams.module             var deferred  q.defer              var controller  modules.  module  .  module  Controller             var service  modules.  module  .  module  Service               Load the controller and service for the module             require[controller, service], function                   deferred.resolve                           return deferred.promise                codepre  pBefore I do coderequire...code, I wish to check if the controller and service paths actually are defined in requireJS.config. Is there a way to do thatp
Negative 10594 pI am looking to setup a serverclient video streaming architecture. The plan is to have a server running and n number of deviceclients  ip devices with cameras, raspberrypi with camera  connect to the server and create their channel for streaming live video to that server.br After a lot of googling I came across many solutions all differing from my requirements in many ways, the most common one being that way deviceclients and the server interact.br strongMy requirementstrong is that deviceclients be the first to make contact and connect to the server rather than the other way round and server be open to receiving authentication requests from n number of such deviceclients. p
Negative 10594 pI have two roles assigned to a user Im more of a role User,Admin,Writer,user2 User amir the following user rolesuser,user2 How do I allow more than one role.when trace code .roles only one roles stroe  THIS MY CODEp  precodepublic sealed class SiteAuthorizeAttribute  AuthorizeAttribute       protected override void HandleUnauthorizedRequestAuthorizationContext filterContext              if filterContext.HttpContext.Request.IsAuthenticated                       System.Web.Security.FormsAuthentication.SignOut             throw new UnauthorizedAccessException to avoid multiple redirects                       handleAjaxRequestfilterContext             base.HandleUnauthorizedRequestfilterContext            private static void handleAjaxRequestAuthorizationContext filterContext               var ctx  filterContext.HttpContext         if ctx.Request.IsAjaxRequest                      return                   else                      var urlHelper  new UrlHelperfilterContext.RequestContext             filterContext.HttpContext.Response.StatusCode  403             filterContext.Result  new JsonResult                              Data  new                                      Error  NotAuthorized,                     LogOnUrl  urlHelper.ActionLogOn, User                 ,                 JsonRequestBehavior  JsonRequestBehavior.AllowGet                              private void SetAuthCookiestring userName, string fname, string family,string[] roleofUser, Int16 userid, bool presistantCookie                   formsAuthenticationService.SignInnew           PUserLogonListResult                              UserName  userName,                 Name  fname,                 Family  family,                 USERID  userid,                 RoleID  0,                 Rolename  joinroleroleofUser             , presistantCookie                   public string joinrolestring[] roles              string temp  String.Empty         foreachvar a in roles                      temp  string.Join,, roles                  return temp         string[]  temp user.Rolename.Split,              var cookie  new LabCookie                              UserName  user.UserName,                 FirstName  user.Name,                 LastName  user.Family,                 UserId  user.USERID,                 RememberMe  false,                  Roles  new Listltstringgt  administrator                   Roles  new Listltstringgt  temp                 codepre
Negative 10594 pI have two datepickers, one representing start date and another the end date.br I am using angularui.br How to make each one to function independently.br strongEDITstrong And also how to make the 2 datepickers to appear on the same linep  pa hrefhttpplnkr.coedituuZuURfWFK8l4baNBlNwppreview relnofollowHerea is plunkr demop  pstrongHTML codestrongp  precode  ltbody ngcontrollerDatepickerDemoCtrlgt    ltbrgtltbrgtltbrgt       ltdiv classcolmd6gt         ltp classinputgroupgt           ltinput typetext classformcontrol datepickerpopupformat ngmodeldt1 isopenopened mindateminDate maxdate20150622 datepickeroptionsdateOptions datedisableddisableddate, mode ngrequiredtrue closetextClose gt           ltspan classinputgroupbtngt             ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault ngclickopeneventgtlti classglyphicon glyphiconcalendargtltigtltbuttongt           ltspangt         ltpgt     ltdivgt      ltdiv classcolmd6gt         ltp classinputgroupgt           ltinput typetext classformcontrol datepickerpopupformat ngmodeldt1 isopenopened mindateminDate maxdate20150622 datepickeroptionsdateOptions datedisableddisableddate, mode ngrequiredtrue closetextClose gt           ltspan classinputgroupbtngt             ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault ngclickopeneventgtlti classglyphicon glyphiconcalendargtltigtltbuttongt           ltspangt         ltpgt     ltdivgt              ltscript typetextjavascript srcbootstrapselect.jsgtltscriptgt lt Latest compiled and minified JavaScript gt ltscript srchttpsmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.combootstrap3.3.4jsbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  p   p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pI am following a a hrefhttpsudinic.wordpress.com20130424writeyourownandroidauthenticator relnofollowtutoriala for adding a user account to the Android AccountManager.p  pIn my main activity, I have the following methodp  precodeprivate void addNewAccountString accountType, String authTokenType      Log.dTAG,addNewAccount called     final AccountManagerFutureltBundlegt future  mAccountManager.addAccountaccountType, authTokenType, null, null, this, new AccountManagerCallbackltBundlegt          Override         public void runAccountManagerFutureltBundlegt future              try                  Bundle bnd  future.getResult                 Log.dACME, AddNewAccount Bundle is   bnd               catch Exception e                  e.printStackTrace                           , null  codepre  pThis method is being called, as I see the log in the logcat. Now my AbstractAccountAuthenticator implementation is as followsp  precodepublic class AcmeAuthenticator extends AbstractAccountAuthenticator   private String TAG  AcmeAuthenticator private final Context mContext  public AcmeAuthenticatorContext context      supercontext     this.mContext  context   Override public Bundle addAccountAccountAuthenticatorResponse response, String accountType, String authTokenType, String[] requiredFeatures, Bundle options throws NetworkErrorException      Log.dacme, TAG  gt addAccount      final Intent intent  new IntentmContext, AuthenticatorActivity.class     intent.putExtraAuthenticatorActivity.ARGACCOUNTTYPE, accountType     intent.putExtraAuthenticatorActivity.ARGAUTHTYPE, authTokenType     intent.putExtraAuthenticatorActivity.ARGISADDINGNEWACCOUNT, true     intent.putExtraAccountManager.KEYACCOUNTAUTHENTICATORRESPONSE, response      final Bundle bundle  new Bundle     bundle.putParcelableAccountManager.KEYINTENT, intent     return bundle  codepre  pThe above method is never called. The following is the service I have created for itp  precodepublic class AcmeAuthenticatorService extends Service  Override public IBinder onBindIntent intent       AcmeAuthenticator authenticator  new AcmeAuthenticatorthis     return authenticator.getIBinder   codepre  pAnd my manifest definition is as followsp  precodeltactivity androidnamecom.exercise.accountmanagerstudy.accountAuthenticator.AuthenticatorActivity androidlabelstringloginlabelgt     ltservice androidname.accountAuthenticator.AcmeAuthenticatorServicegt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.accounts.AccountAuthenticator gt         ltintentfiltergt         ltmetadata androidnameandroid.accounts.AccountAuthenticator             androidresourcexmlauthenticator gt     ltservicegt lt client gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.USECREDENTIALSgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.GETACCOUNTSgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.MANAGEACCOUNTSgt  lt Authenticator gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNETgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.AUTHENTICATEACCOUNTSgt codepre  pI am not getting an compiler errors, the addAccount override in the AbstractAccountAuthenticator implementation is not called. from the main activity addNewAccount method. I have researched around for a few links a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20985094whyisaccountauthenticatorgetauthtokennotcalledherea and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6057405problemusingandroidaccountsauthenticatorherea.  Any help will be appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to upload image using paperclip. But the exception strongNoMethodError in ShopProductsControllercreate undefined method chomp for nilNilClassstrong occurs. Can anyone see and highlight the problem pleasep  pHere is Gemfile codep  precodegem paperclip, gt 4.2.1 codepre  pControllerp  precodeclass ShopProductsController lt ApplicationController      layout shop     def index      products  Product.findbyshopidsession[shopid].sortbyname      products  Product.products.sortbyname    end    def show     product  Product.findparams[id]   end    def new     product  Product.new   end    def edit     product  Product.findparams[id]   end    def create      product  Product.newproductparams      product.shop  Shop.findsession[shopid].toi     if product.save         redirectto action gt new     else         render new     end    end    def update     product  Product.findparams[id]      if product.updateproductparams         redirectto adminproductspath     else         render edit     end    end    def destroy         product  Product.findparams[id]         product.destroy          redirectto adminproductspath        end    private     def productparams         params.requireproduct.permitname, desc, price, display, status     end  end codepre  pViewp  precodelt formfor [shop, product] do f gt                    ltdiv classboxbodygt                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                       lt f.label name gt                       lt f.textfield name, class gt formcontrol, placeholder gt City name gt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                       lt f.label Description gt                       lt f.textarea desc, class gt formcontrol, placeholder gt Write description here..., rows gt 5 gt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                       lt f.label price gt                       lt f.textfield price, class gt formcontrol, placeholder gt 0.0 gt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                       lt f.label display gt                       lt f.filefield display gt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classcheckboxgt                       ltlabelgt                         lt f.checkbox status gt Is enabled                       ltlabelgt                     ltdivgt                   ltdivgtlt .boxbody gt                    ltdiv classboxfootergt                     lt f.submit class gt btn btnprimary gt                   ltdivgt                 lt end gt codepre  pModelp  precodeclass Product lt ActiveRecordBase       hasattachedfile display, styles gt thumb gt 500x500gt     validatesattachmentcontenttype display, contenttype gt Aimage.Z      scope enabled, lambda whereproducts.status  1     scope sortbyname, lambda  orderproducts.name asc end codepre
Negative 10594 pI am  working on kafkastormcassandra but unable to run the kafka consumer, as soon as I enter command to run consumer it throws below error.p  pAny ideasp  precodeINFO Closing socket connection to 127.0.0.1.  [20150513 191701,288] ERROR Closing socket for 127.0.0.1 because of error kafka.network.Processorjava.nio.BufferUnderflowException at java.nio.Buffer.nextGetIndexBuffer.java498 at java.nio.HeapByteBuffer.getIntHeapByteBuffer.java355 at kafka.api.ProducerRequest.readFromProducerRequest.scala37 at kafka.api.RequestKeysanonfun1.applyRequestKeys.scala36 at kafka.api.RequestKeysanonfun1.applyRequestKeys.scala36 at kafka.network.RequestChannelRequest.ltinitgtRequestChannel.scala53 at kafka.network.Processor.readSocketServer.scala353 at kafka.network.Processor.runSocketServer.scala245 at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java745 codepre
Negative 10594 pIm getting codeCollection was modified enumeration operation may not executecode on the line where I do p  precodeforeach WorkPlanEntry entry in workPlan.WorkPlanEntryObjects codepre  pI know that I will eliminate the error if I do codeworkPlan.WorkPlanEntryObjects.ToListcode, but Im curious how did I get this error if Im doing codeallWorkPlans  workPlanCache.Values.ToListcode above.p  pNote codeWorkPlancode and codeWorkPlanEntrycode are classes, codeWorkPlanEntryObjectscode and affectedSafetyDocuments are codeHashSetscodep  precodeDictionaryltlong, WorkPlangt workPlanCache  isChangeFromPrimaryCache  primCachedWP  secCachedWP  ListltWorkPlangt allWorkPlans  null HashSetltWorkPlangt affectedWorkPlans  new HashSetltWorkPlangt  lock workPlanCache      allWorkPlans  workPlanCache.Values.ToList   foreach WorkPlan workPlan in allWorkPlans      foreach WorkPlanEntry entry in workPlan.WorkPlanEntryObjects              if affectedSafetyDocuments.Containsentry                      affectedWorkPlans.AddworkPlan             break                codepre
Negative 10594 pI implemented small web MVC application using spring security. Application uses two databases one for storing data, second  for storing identity information. And now Im facing a problem connected with deleting object identity from acl while session to database is opened. When something goes wrong with transaction commit event foreign key constrain fails for example during delete, database entries are rolled back except identity information in my acl database. The best solution I found so far is to use PostRemove annotation to handle activities in case of successful transaction. This is how I tied to implement thisp  pModelp  precodeEntity Tablename  customEntity public class customEntity  private members . settergetter  PostRemove public void cleanRepo      invoke clean repo     .     invoke clean acl     Method method  customObjectServiceImpl.getClass.getDeclaredMethoddeleteAcl, customObject.class     method.setAccessibletrue     method.invokecustomObjectServiceImpl,this       codepre  pServicep  precodeService public class CustomObjectServiceImpl implements CustomObjectService        repositoriesservices injection     Autowired     private MutableAclService aclService      .      service methods        Transactional     public void deleteCustomObject customObject              customObjectRepository.deletecustomObject         deleteAclcustomObject FIXME IMPORTANT previous implementation            handling acl     private void deleteAclCustomObject customObject              aclService.deleteAclgetCustomObjectOidcustomObject.getId, true           private ObjectIdentity getCustomObjectOidLong id              return new ObjectIdentityImplCustomObject.class, id          codepre  pbut codemethod.invokecustomObjectServiceImpl,thiscode  in model doesnt work giving me p  precodeorg.springframework.transaction.TransactionSystemException Could not commit JPA transaction nested exception is javax.persistence.RollbackException Error while committing the transaction Caused by javax.persistence.RollbackException Error while committing the transaction Caused by java.lang.NullPointerException     at com.interopeo.service.CustomObjectServiceImpl.deleteAcl codepre  pDebugging the problem gives nothing. I was unable to find object which gives me NullPointerException. And how could I achieve proper behaviour for this task, I mean delete acl after successful transaction commit Good books with solution and resources would be appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pIt seems that desktop IE10 doesnt correctly scale text that has its font size set in viewport units, when the zoom level is not set to 100. Im trying to find out which IE versions and possibly other browsers are affected by this. Please try this example in your browser and report your findingsp  precodeltDOCTYPE HTMLgt ltHTMLgt ltHEADgt ltMETA HTTPEQUIVcontenttype CONTENTtexthtml charsetISO88591gt ltMETA NAMEviewport CONTENTwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1.0gt ltSTYLE TYPEtextcssgt DIVfirstoftype width 32px height 32px backgroundcolor blue DIVlastoftype width 3.125vw height 3.12vw backgroundcolor red Pfirstoftype fontsize 32px P fontsize 3.125vw Plastoftype fontsize 16px webkitviewport width devicewidth zoom 1.0 mozviewport    width devicewidth zoom 1.0 msviewport     width devicewidth zoom 1.0 oviewport      width devicewidth zoom 1.0 viewport         width devicewidth zoom 1.0 ltSTYLEgt ltHEADgt ltBODYgt ltDIVgtltDIVgt ltPgtfontsize 32pxltPgt ltDIVgtltDIVgt ltPgtfontsize 3.12vwltPgt ltPgtResize the window to see the expected behaviour.ltBRgt    Zoom inout to see IEs erratic behaviourltBRgt    the DIV adapts to the new viewport width,ltBRgt    but the font size doesnt.ltPgt ltBODYgt ltHTMLgt codepre
Negative 10594 precodeinclude ltiostreamgt  using namespace std Stack last in first out algorithm pop, push, print class Node private     int a public     Node next     Node         next  NULL          Nodeint b         int a  b         next  NULL          int getValue   int NodegetValue     return a   class Stack     Node top public     Node pop     void pushint     Stack         topNULL          void printStack aStack  pushing onto the stack void Stackpushint z     if top is not null create a temp link it to top then set point top to temp     if top  NULL         Nodetemp  new Nodez         tempgtnext  top         top  temp          else         else just set the new node as top         top  new Nodez         topgtnext  NULL   Node Stackpop     if top  NULL         cout ltlt Stack is empty ltlt endl          else         top  topgtnext         return top         top  topgtnext  prints the stack void StackprintStack     int count  0     whiletopNULL         count         cout ltlt count ltlt   ltlt top.getValue ltlt endl         top  topgtnext        int main     aStack.push5     aStack.printStack     cout ltlt aStack.popgtgetValueltlt endl     cin.get  codepre  pHey guys, I am reviewing my data structures. I am not able to figure out why i am getting output 0 after pushing the number 5 on the empty stack and printing it out. Please give me a strongHINTstrong on what i am doing wrong, thanks.p
Negative 10594 pIm using cordova to package up a pre written angular js application by placing the contents of the app into the www folder inside the cordova sturcture and running the following commandsp  precodecordova platform add ios  cordova build ios  cordova emulate ios codepre  pThe app then loads on the ios emulator, but instead of the app content as I would expect to see, it shows the hello cordova index file. I have done the exact same thing for android and it works perfectly on that and shows the app correctly. Any help with finding out why the default cordova index page is still shown would be great thanks.p
Negative 10594 pSo I am looking for a way to read a color of a screen pixel in C code.br I already found implementation in C for nix which uses X11Xlib library, that as I understood is for nix systems only and I tried the code on a linux machine, and it ran pretty fast it reads 8K of pixels in about 1 second.br Heres the code in C that Ive found and forkedp  precodeinclude ltX11Xlib.hgt void getpixelcolor Display d, int x, int y, XColor color     XImage image    image  XGetImage d, RootWindow d, DefaultScreen d, x, y, 1, 1,        AllPlanes, XYPixmap   colorgtpixel  XGetPixel image, 0, 0   XFree image   XQueryColor d, DefaultColormapd, DefaultScreen d, color      Your code  XColor c   getpixelcolor display, 30, 40, ampc   printf d d dn, c.red, c.green, c.blue codepre  pAnd I was looking for equivalent solution for Windows as well.br I came across this code Ive put the code about reading screen pixel in a for loopp  precodeFARPROC pGetPixel  HINSTANCE hGDI  LoadLibrarygdi32.dll ifhGDI      pGetPixel  GetProcAddresshGDI, GetPixel      HDC hdc  GetDCNULL ifhdc      int i     int red     int green     int blue     COLORREF color     ReleaseDCNULL, hdc     for i0ilt8000i              color  pGetPixel hdc, 30 ,40          red  GetRValuecolor         green  GetGValuecolor         blue  GetBValuecolor            ReleaseDCNULL, hdc         printfRed d, Green d, Blue d, red, green, blue  FreeLibraryhGDI codepre  pusing gdi32.dll and windows.h...br and the for portion of the code where we read 8K of pixels runs ALOT slower than the solution in C. it takes 15 seconds to finish compared to 1 second with X11Xlib.h libraryp  pSo, how can I make it better or there is any other better and FASTER implementation to read pixels colors with C code in Windows machinep  pThanks aheadp
Negative 10594 pIm having this trouble When I try to do the method Profile.getprofile it returns me null even using ProfileTracker.p  pHeres my codep  precode public class Login extends Activity implements OnClickListener,ConnectionCallbacks, OnConnectionFailedListener      TODO Facebook ProfileTracker mProfileTracker private CallbackManager callbackManager final ListltStringgt permisos  new ArrayListltStringgt private FacebookCallbackltLoginResultgt fb  new FacebookCallbackltLoginResultgt        Override     public void onSuccessLoginResult loginResult           App code         mProfileTracker  new ProfileTracker              Override             protected void onCurrentProfileChangedProfile profile, Profile profile2                                 mProfileTracker.startTracking         AccessToken token  loginResult.getAccessToken         Profile user  Profile.getCurrentProfile         String name  user.getName         Toast.makeTextLogin.this, Connected name , Toast.LENGTHLONG.show           Override     public void onCancel           App code            Override     public void onErrorFacebookException exception           App code        codepre  pmy onCreatep  precodeOverride protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState       FacebookSdk.sdkInitializegetApplicationContext     callbackManager  CallbackManager.Factory.create     setContentViewR.layout.initlogin      imgFacebook  ImageView findViewByIdR.id.loginimgfacebook     imgFacebook.setOnClickListenerthis     permisos.adduserfriends     permisos.addpublicprofile     LoginManager.getInstance.setLoginBehaviorLoginBehavior.SUPPRESSSSO     LoginManager.getInstance.registerCallbackcallbackManager, fb  codepre  pmy onClickp  precodeOverride public void onClickView v      switch v.getId      case R.id.loginimgfacebook         LoginManager.getInstance.logInWithReadPermissionsthis,permisos         break       codepre  pmy onActivityResultp  precodeOverride protected void onActivityResultint requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data      super.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data     callbackManager.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data          codepre  pI Add this to my Manifestp  precode   ltmetadata androidnamecom.facebook.sdk.ApplicationId           androidvaluestringfacebookappidgt     ltactivity androidnamecom.facebook.FacebookActivity              androidlabelstringappname              androidthemeandroidstyleTheme.Translucent.NoTitleBargt codepre  pBy the way Im using eclipse instead of Android Studiop
Negative 10594 pI would like to move a small image from one server to another both running node. As I search, I havent found enough. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions25315630howtotransferafilefromoneservertoanotherusingnodejsThisa post remains unanswered. p  pAs I started experimenting I wrote the following to the first server  p  precodeapp.postmoveimg, functionreq, res      console.logpost handled     fs.readFiledirname  imgtomove.jpg, functionerr, data          if err throw err         console.logdata         needle.postserver2  postimg,             data data,            name  test.jpg         , functionresult              console.logresult             res.sendok                  codepre  pThis part seems to be working as I could be writing the data in the same server using fs.writeFile recreate the img. p  pNow as I am trying to handle the post in the other server I have a problem.p  pServer2p  precodeapp.postpostimg, [ multer dest .uploadsimages, functionreq, res       console.logbody ,req.body  form fields     console.logfiles ,req.files  form files     res.sendgot it ] codepre  pThis way i get an empty object in the files and the following in the body   code headers[ContentType] applicationxwwwformurlencoded, headers[ContentLength] 45009 codep  pI think I could use busboy as an alternative but I cant make it to work. Any advice, tutorial would be welcome. p
Negative 10594 pIm using an AMD 64bit I dont think it matters what exact architecture on Linux, also 64bit. Compiling with gcc to elf64.p  pIve seen from the C ABI that integer arguments are passed to a function via general purpose registers, and I can find the values on the assembly side of my code the callee. The problem arises when I need to retrieve the results from the callee to the caller.p  pAs far as I can understand, RAX gets the 1st integer emreturnedem value, and I can easily find and use that one. The 2nd integer emreturnedem value is passed via RDX. And this is the point that baffles me.p  pI can also see, from the C ABI, that RDX is the register used to pass the third integer function argument from the caller to the callee, but my function doesnt use a third argument.p  pHow do I get the RDX out from my function Do I have to fake an argument in the function just to be able to refer to it on the caller sidep  hr  pfixed point multiplication 16.16p  pcalled from C looks likep  precodetypedef long int Fixedpoint Fixedpoint FixedMulFixedpoint v1, Fixedpoint v2 codepre  pand this is the function itselfp  precodeFixedMul    push bp    mov bp, sp  entering the function EDI contains v1, ESI contains v2. So    mov eax, edi    eax  v1    imul dword esi  eax  v1  v2                    at this point EDX contains the higher part of the                    imul moltiplication, EAX the lower one.    add eax, 8000h  round by adding 217    adc edx, 0      whole part of result is in DX    shr eax, 16     put the fractional part in AX    pop bp    ret codepre  pfrom a hrefhttpwww.x8664.orgdocumentationabi.pdf relnofollowSystem V Application Binary Interface AMD64 Architecture Processor Supplementap  blockquote   pReturning of Values algorithmp      pThe returning of values is done according to the followingp      ol   liClassify the return type with the classification algorithm.li   liIf the type has class MEMORY, then the caller provides space for the return   value and passes the address of this storage in rdi as if it were the first   argument to the function. In effect, this address becomes a hidden first ar   gument. This storage must not overlap any data visible to the callee through   other names than this argument.   On return rax will contain the address that has been passed in by the   caller in rdi.li   liIf the class is INTEGER, the next available register of the sequence rax,   rdx is used.li   ol blockquote  pI hope is more clear what i mean.p  pPS sorry for confusion Ive made in comments. Thanks for the tip.p
Negative 10594 pI keep receiving multiple MsgBoxes with the same error messages. How do I keep this from happeningp  precodePrivate Sub BtnCalcClicksender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles BtnCalc.Click    Dim intValue1 As Integer    Dim intValue2 As Integer    Dim intValue3 As Integer     intValue1  ValTBValue1.Text    intValue2  ValTBValue2.Text    intValue3  ValTBValue3.Text      If IsNumericValTBValue1.Text Then        If IsNumericValTBValue2.Text Then            If ValTBValue1.Text gt 0 Then                If ValTBValue2.Text gt 0 Then                    If ValTBValue1.Text ltgt  Then                        If ValTBValue2.Text ltgt  Then                            TBValue3.Text  a  ValTBValue1.Text  gtValTBValue2.Text  10                             If ValTBValue1.Text gt ValTBValue2.Text  x                                 Then MsgBoxError2                            End If                        Else  MsgBoxError                            TBValue1.Text                              TBValue2.Text                              TBValue3.Text                          End If                    Else  MsgBoxError                        TBValue1.Text                          TBValue2.Text                          TBValue3.Text                      End If                Else  MsgBoxError                    TBValue1.Text                      TBValue2.Text                      TBValue3.Text                  End If            Else  MsgBoxError                TBValue1.Text                  TBValue2.Text                  TBValue3.Text              End If            MsgBoxError            TBValue1.Text              TBValue2.Text              TBValue3.Text          End If        MsgBoxError        TBValue1.Text          TBValue2.Text          TBValue3.Text      End If     End Sub  End Class codepre
Negative 10594 pI have an installable .NET application that prints tickets by periodically checking for updates on a remote server. The application needs to send the current appid, and lastcalled time to get the updates since the time application last called. p  pHeres the XML where store the settings.  p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt  ltPrinterSettingsgt       ltPrintergt         ltPrinter1gtltPrinter1gt       ltPrintergt       ltlastcalledgtltlastcalledgt       ltappidgtltappidgt  ltPrinterSettingsgt codepre  pThe application runs every few seconds the job, an then updates the XML with the latest lastcalled time, with the following code  p  precodevar xe1  new XmlDocument xe1.LoadXmlfilepath xe1.SelectSingleNodePrinterSettingslastcalled.InnerText  salemodifiedtime xe1.SaveXmlfilepath codepre  pWhile the application seems to be running fine the first day or so, It frequently gets emptied to a blank document  and the application fails to run further.p  pHow can I fix this p  pAnother note, to run the application, I set the file permissions to Allow All on windows. p
Negative 10594 pI am a complete beginner for Laravel so I am not sure I am doing this right but have been struggling with this all day. Below is my codep  pControllerp  precodeltphp namespace virtualineHttpControllers  use View use Form use Response  use virtualinePost use virtualineComment   use virtualineHttpRequests use virtualineHttpControllersController  use IlluminateHttpRequest  class PostController extends Controller       public function index               post  PostorderBycreatedat, descgtfirst          post  Postget         return Responsejsonpost          return Viewmakeposts.index           gtwithposts, posts           public function create               return Viewmakeposts.create           public function store              Postcreatearray             question gt Inputgetquestion                   return Responsejsonarraysuccess gt true           public function showid              post  Postfindid         comments  CommentGetCommentsidgtget          return Responsejson[question gt postgtquestion, comments gt comments]           public function editid              post  Postfindid          return Responsejsonpost           public function updateid                         public function destroyid              Postdestroyid          return Responsejsonarraysuccess gt true        codepre  pRoutesp  precodeRouteget, WelcomeControllerindex  Routegethome, HomeControllerindex  Routegrouparrayprefix gt api, function      Routeresourceposts, PostController,     arrayexcept gt arrayindex, store, destroy   Routecontrollers[     auth gt AuthAuthController,     password gt AuthPasswordController, ] codepre  pI am trying to use the above routes to store and delete records. I am able to view them but not store or delete anything. For apiposts1destroy GET I get p  precodeTokenMismatchException in VerifyCsrfToken.php line 46 in VerifyCsrfToken.php line 46 at VerifyCsrfTokengthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in VerifyCsrfToken.php line 17 at VerifyCsrfTokengthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in ShareErrorsFromSession.php line 55 at ShareErrorsFromSessiongthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in StartSession.php line 61 at StartSessiongthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in AddQueuedCookiesToResponse.php line 36 at AddQueuedCookiesToResponsegthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in EncryptCookies.php line 40 at EncryptCookiesgthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in CheckForMaintenanceMode.php line 42 at CheckForMaintenanceModegthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest at calluserfuncobjectClosure, objectRequest in Pipeline.php line 101 at PipelinegtthenobjectClosure in Kernel.php line 115 at KernelgtsendRequestThroughRouterobjectRequest in Kernel.php line 84 at KernelgthandleobjectRequest in index.php line 53 at requireonceLibraryWebServerDocumentsvirtualinevirtualinepublicindex.php in server.php line 21 codepre  pand for apipostsstore I get p  precodeErrorException in PostController.php line 69 Trying to get property of nonobject in PostController.php line 69 at HandleExceptionsgthandleError8, Trying to get property of nonobject, LibraryWebServerDocumentsvirtualinevirtualineappHttpControllersPostController.php, 69, arrayid gt store, post gt null, comments gt objectCollection in PostController.php line 69 at PostControllergtshowstore at calluserfuncarrayarrayobjectPostController, show, arrayposts gt store in Controller.php line 246 at ControllergtcallActionshow, arrayposts gt store in ControllerDispatcher.php line 162 at ControllerDispatchergtcallobjectPostController, objectRoute, show in ControllerDispatcher.php line 107 at ControllerDispatchergtIlluminateRoutingclosureobjectRequest at calluserfuncobjectClosure, objectRequest in Pipeline.php line 141 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest at calluserfuncobjectClosure, objectRequest in Pipeline.php line 101 at PipelinegtthenobjectClosure in ControllerDispatcher.php line 108 at ControllerDispatchergtcallWithinStackobjectPostController, objectRoute, objectRequest, show in ControllerDispatcher.php line 67 at ControllerDispatchergtdispatchobjectRoute, objectRequest, virtualineHttpControllersPostController, show in Route.php line 204 at RoutegtrunWithCustomDispatcherobjectRequest in Route.php line 134 at RoutegtrunobjectRequest in Router.php line 701 at RoutergtIlluminateRoutingclosureobjectRequest at calluserfuncobjectClosure, objectRequest in Pipeline.php line 141 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest at calluserfuncobjectClosure, objectRequest in Pipeline.php line 101 at PipelinegtthenobjectClosure in Router.php line 703 at RoutergtrunRouteWithinStackobjectRoute, objectRequest in Router.php line 670 at RoutergtdispatchToRouteobjectRequest in Router.php line 628 at RoutergtdispatchobjectRequest in Kernel.php line 214 at KernelgtIlluminateFoundationHttpclosureobjectRequest at calluserfuncobjectClosure, objectRequest in Pipeline.php line 141 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in VerifyCsrfToken.php line 43 at VerifyCsrfTokengthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in VerifyCsrfToken.php line 17 at VerifyCsrfTokengthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in ShareErrorsFromSession.php line 55 at ShareErrorsFromSessiongthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in StartSession.php line 61 at StartSessiongthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in AddQueuedCookiesToResponse.php line 36 at AddQueuedCookiesToResponsegthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in EncryptCookies.php line 40 at EncryptCookiesgthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest in CheckForMaintenanceMode.php line 42 at CheckForMaintenanceModegthandleobjectRequest, objectClosure in Pipeline.php line 125 at PipelinegtIlluminatePipelineclosureobjectRequest at calluserfuncobjectClosure, objectRequest in Pipeline.php line 101 at PipelinegtthenobjectClosure in Kernel.php line 115 at KernelgtsendRequestThroughRouterobjectRequest in Kernel.php line 84 at KernelgthandleobjectRequest in index.php line 53 at requireonceLibraryWebServerDocumentsvirtualinevirtualinepublicindex.php in server.php line 21 codepre  pWould really appreciate any help.p
Negative 10594 pIm getting the error that recipient variable is undefined in laravel. p  precodepublic function sendEmailinput, recipients      foreachrecipients as recipient             student  StudentInfowhereemail, , recipientgtfirst              Mailqueueemails.outMail, arrayletter gt input[deptmessage], functionmessage                 messagegttorecipient, studentgtfirstnamegtsubjectinput[deptsubject]                             codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to create a scenegraph with a vector of Base class pointer with different type of derived classes and their own behaviours. Now here is my questionp  precodeclass Base   public     virtual void setParentBase pParent     virtual void addChildBase pChild      for simplicity I wont implement all functions private     Base mpParent     stdvectorltBasegt mpChildren   class DerivedOne  public Base  public      virtual function override     int custom  return 1337   class DerivedTwo  public Base  public     int customtwo  return 13371   mainxyz      DerivedOne d1  new DerivedOne     DerivedTwo d2  new DerivedTwo     d1gtaddChildd2     forauto e  d1gtgetChildren              stdcout ltlt staticcastltDerivedOnegtegtcustom stdendl  returns 1337 twice instead of once       codepre  pNow my question is how do I realize the above How can I call a specific function if the node is of a specific type I want to create a scenegraph that can hold a variety of different nodetypes and some must not be rendered, so I am really curious to see if there is some way to realize this idea The problem is that at the moment, if I cast a base to a derived class and call the function, the function is executed even when originally the class wasnt of that derived class.p
Negative 10594 pbeen trying to sort out this bug for the last few hours and cant seem to find what the problem is. I believe its probably user permissions, but not 100 what im doing wrong  or not doing right.p  pAs of current i have apache and mysql running on OS X 10.10 Yosemite, i have virtual hosts turned on and pointing at my sites folder e.g. userSitessitenamehttpdocs p  pI have magento amp wordpress running fine on this, however i cant upload or add any files via the file upload in the backend of any of the sites i have installed.p  pHere is a usergroup permissions i havep  precoderwxrwxrx  1 www  www   10679 28 Apr 1203 LICENSE.html rwxrwxrx  1 www  www   10410 28 Apr 1203 LICENSE.txt rwxrwxrx  1 www  www   10421 28 Apr 1203 LICENSEAFL.txt rwxrwxrx  1 www  www  585086 28 Apr 1215 RELEASENOTES.txt rwxrwxrx  1 www  www    2812 28 Apr 1408 api.php drwxrwxrx  9 www  www     306 28 May 1549 app rwxrwxrx  1 www  www    2806 28 Apr 1408 cron.php rwxrwxrx  1 www  www     717 28 Apr 1215 cron.sh drwxrwxrx 13 www  www     442 13 May 1614 downloader drwxrwxrx 10 www  www     340 13 May 1613 errors rwxrwxrx  1 www  www    1150 28 Apr 1203 favicon.ico rwxrwxrx  1 www  www    5953 28 Apr 1408 get.php drwxrwxrx  4 www  www     136 13 May 1613 includes rwxrwxrx  1 www  www    2617 28 Apr 1408 index.php rwxrwxrx  1 www  www    2341 28 Apr 1408 index.php.sample rwxrwxrx  1 www  www    6416 28 Apr 1408 install.php drwxrwxrx 17 www  www     578 28 May 1426 js drwxrwxrx 15 www  www     510 13 May 1613 lib rwxrwxrx  1 www  www    1319 28 Apr 1215 mage drwxrwxrwx 11 www  www     374 28 May 1542 media drwxrwxrx 31 www  www    1054 14 May 0850 old rwxrwxrx  1 www  www     886 28 Apr 1203 php.ini.sample drwxrwxrx  5 www  www     170 13 May 1614 pkginfo drwxrwxrx  6 www  www     204 13 May 1614 shell drwxrwxrx  5 www  www     170 18 May 1452 skin drwxrwxrwx 10 www  www     340 26 May 1428 var codepre  pThey are either 777 or 755 just because I thought that they are the problem, so setting them to those means something might work. But nothing.p  pWould be great if anyone has any idea.p  pCheers.p
Negative 10594 pWhat is the best way to implement this I have ecommerce site on webapp2 Google App Engine.p  pOn top of each item I have two buttons INC, DEC which are increase this specific item in my bucket and decrease respectively.p  pI am using ajax, and on each buttonpress I send data to server and update it, but sometimes it happens that server is not able to update in realtime causing some problems like incorrect number of items on final bucket.p  pSo, the question is How effectively distribute these kind of task among frontend and backend Are there any practices being practiced so far. I know that it is in general better to do some calculations on frontend since it will make site more responsive.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 10594 pI am using codecaretcode package to train random forest model on training dataset. I have used 10fold cross validation to get an object say coderandomForestFitcode. Now I would like to use this object to predict on new data set say codetestdatacode. I also want to get the respective class probabilities. How would I do thatp  pI have been using codeextractProbcode function as follows p  precodeextractProbrandomForestFit, textX  testdatapredictors, testY  testdatalabels codepre  pBut its giving me unexpected results.p
Negative 10594 pMy program is that when a user enteres some information and clicks the Submit button, this data will be stored in a separate activitys list View.I have a Shared Preferences incorporated so that the data will be stored. The problem is that only one piece of information gets stored at a time. If I enter a new piece of data, the previous one is overwritten.p  precodepublic class PreviousPractices extends Activity  int minutes,hours String description String date ListView practiceList ArrayAdapterltStringgt adapter ArrayListltStringgt listItems  new ArrayListltStringgt   protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.previouspracticeslayout      practiceListListViewfindViewByIdR.id.practiceList     adapter  new ArrayAdapterltStringgtthis,             android.R.layout.simplelistitem1,listItems     practiceList.setAdapteradapter     getIntents     LoadPreferences   public void getIntents     if getIntent.getExtras  null            else          Bundle extras  getIntent.getExtras         hours  extras.getIntHours         minutes  extras.getIntMinutes         description  extras.getStringDescription         date  extras.getStringdateOfPractice          adapter.notifyDataSetChanged         SavePreferencesLISTS, date         codepre  pRight now Im only working with the date to simplify things. Im not sure what the issue is, and Id appreciate some help. p
Negative 10594 pI have to display the price of the product from webservice but the value is nullp  precode NSArray arr  [pJson objectForKeyResponse]     NSLog,arr     for int i0iltarr.counti          NSString thumbnaildata  [[arr objectAtIndexi]objectForKeyimg]         NSString ringdata  [[arr objectAtIndexi]objectForKeyname]         NSString iddata  [[arr objectAtIndexi]objectForKeyID]          NSString costdata  [[arr objectAtIndexi]objectForKeyproductprice]         NSLogTHUMBNAIL ,thumbnaildata         NSLogAUTHOR ,ringdata          NSLogAUTHOR ,costdata         dictionary  [NSDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsAndKeys                       thumbnaildata, img,                       ringdata,name,iddata,ID,costdata,cost,                       nil]         [myObject addObjectdictionary]        UICollectionViewCell collectionViewUICollectionView collectionView cellForItemAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath       subCatCell ProductCollectionViewCell [collectionView dequeueReusableCellWithReuseIdentifierProductCell forIndexPathindexPath]     NSDictionary tmpDict  [myObject objectAtIndexindexPath.row]     NSMutableString detail     detail  [NSMutableString stringWithFormat,               [tmpDict objectForKeyname]]     NSNumber price  [tmpDict objectForKeycost]     NSMutableString price     price  [NSMutableString stringWithFormat,           [tmpDict objectForKeycost]]     NSLog,price      NSMutableString catid     catid  [NSMutableString stringWithFormat,              [tmpDict objectForKeyID]]      NSMutableString images     images  [NSMutableString stringWithFormat ,               [tmpDict objectForKeyimg]]      NSURL url  [NSURL URLWithString[tmpDict objectForKeyimg]]     NSData data  [NSData dataWithContentsOfURLurl]     img [[UIImage alloc]initWithDatadata]      subCatCell.imageView.image  img     subCatCell.lblCost.text  [NSString stringWithFormat,price]     subCatCell.lblName.text  detail     return subCatCell  codepre  pWhen I NSLog the costdata price is displayed correctly but when I NsLog price in cellForItemIndexPath Im getting nullp
Negative 10594 pUsing WinBio Framework, I have figured out how to set up an Egistec ES603 biometric fingerprint reader to a hrefhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryee20739028vvs.8529.aspx relnofollowstorea fingerprints of an individual and a hrefhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryee20739228vvs.8529.aspx relnofollowverifya it.p  pI would like, however, to be able to use it to store fingerprints of several employees and verify it by identifying which of the employees swiped their fingers on the scanner at a later time.p  pRight now it only saves information of one employee, and whenever I try to create another employees profile I keep getting the error 0x8009801c  The specified identity and subfactor are already enrolled in the database.p  pIs there a way I can achieve this to create a databases of multiple employees fingerprints and identify them with the scannerp  pThanks p
Negative 10594 pI am working on Superfish Menu with some custom styles to make menu full width and responsive. My project works perfectly on Google Chrome and Firefox, but not in IE 11.p  pTake a look in this a hrefhttpsjsfiddle.netnewtoncdyrak6stx4 relnofollowSampleap  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecode  margin0 padding0  html  height 100 width 100  body  fontsize13px color777 textaligncenter minwidth250px positionrelative  body gt .wrapper  positionrelative  .page  margin 0 auto padding 0 0 0 textalign left width 900px   .sfmenu, .sfmenu   margin 0 padding 0 liststyle none  .sfmenu  position relative float none width 100 display table fontfamily Tahoma, Helvetica, Arial, sansserif  .sfmenu li  position relative webkittransition background .2s moztransition background .2s otransition background .2s transition background .2s  .sfmenu ul  position absolute paddingtop 15px paddingbottom 15px display none top 100 left 0 zindex 99 minwidth 12em  .sfmenu li.last gt ul  left inherit right0  .sfmenu gt li  float none display tablecell  .sfmenu lihover gt ul, .sfmenu li.sfHover gt ul  display block  .sfmenu a  display block position relative zoom 1  .sfmenu ul ul  top 0 left 100    Default Skin  menuicon, .sfmenuphone, .sfmenublock  display none  .sfmenu  border1px solid ddd borderbottomcolorb0afaf backgrounde4e5e6 boxshadow0 3px 6px rgba0,0,0,0.08  .sfmenu gt li  borderright 1px solid ddd verticalalign middle  .sfmenu gt lilastchild  borderright 0  .sfmenu gt lilastchild gt ul ul  left auto right 100  .sfmenu li a  color 333 textdecoration none padding 0  .sfmenu gt li gt a gt span  display block fontsize 1.4em lineheight 18px cursor pointer padding 18px 5px textalign center  .sfmenu li ul a span  whitespace normal  .sfmenu gt li.parent gt a span  marginright 0  .sfmenu gt li.sfHover gt a,  .sfmenugt li gt ahover,  .sfmenu gt li.active gt a  background fff color 000  .sfmenu ul  backgroundcolor FFF bordertop5px solid 515151 boxshadow0 4px 10px 0 rgba150, 150, 150, 1  .sfmenu gt li gt abefore,  .sfmenu li li.parent gt abefore  fontsize 14px colorddd float right  .sfmenu gt li gt abefore  lineheight 54px marginright 10px  .sfmenu li li a  displayblock background none fontsize 13px lineheight 16px color 777 padding4px 20px  .sfmenu li li gt ahover,  .sfmenu li li.sfHover gt a,  .sfmenu li li.active gt a,  .sfmenu li li gt ahoverbefore,  .sfmenu li li.sfHover gt abefore,  .sfmenu li li.active gt abefore  color 333   .sfarrows .sfwithul  paddingright 0.5em  .sfarrows .sfwithulafter  content  position absolute top 50 right 1em margintop 3px height 0 width 0 border 5px solid transparent bordertopcolor 000 bordertopcolor rgba0,0,0,1  .sfarrows gt li gt .sfwithulfocusafter,  .sfarrows gt lihover gt .sfwithulafter,  .sfarrows gt .sfHover gt .sfwithulafter  bordertopcolor FFF  .sfarrows ul .sfwithulafter  margintop 5px marginright 3px bordercolor transparent borderleftcolor 000 borderleftcolor rgba0,0,0,1  .sfarrows ul li gt .sfwithulfocusafter,  .sfarrows ul lihover gt .sfwithulafter,  .sfarrows ul .sfHover gt .sfwithulafter  borderleftcolor 999    MegaMenu  .megapos01  position initial important  .megapos02  position relative important  .megamenu   .megamenu gt li.lastcol gt ul, .megamenu gt li.lastcol gt ul ul  left auto right 100  .megamenu li  floatleft padding 0 textalignleft marginleft2  .megamenu li ul li  floatnone width auto marginleft0  .megamenu li ul a span  whitespace nowrap  .megawFull  width 100 important  .megaw200  width 200px  .megaw250  width 250px  .megaw300  width 300px  .megaw350  width 350px  .megaw400  width 400px  .megaw450  width 450px  .megaw500  width 500px  .megaw550  width 550px  .megaw600  width 600px  .megaw650  width 650px  .megaw700  width 700px  .megacol2 li  width 48  .megacol3 li  width 31.3333  .megacol4 li  width 23  .megacol5 li  width 18  .megacol6 li  width 14.6666  .megacol7 li  width 12.2857  .megacol8 li  width 10.5 codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltbodygt     ltdiv classwrappergt         ltdiv classpagegt             ltul idnav classsfmenugt                 ltli classlevel0 leveltop parent firstgtlta href targetself class leveltop gtltspangtCategory 01ltspangtltagt                     ltul classlevel0   gt                         ltli classlevel1 first  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtcabelosltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtolhosltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtlbiosltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtcorpoltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtpescooltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1 first last  lastcolgtlta href targetself classgtltspangtunhasltspangtltagtltligt                     ltulgt                 ltligt                 ltli classlevel0 leveltop parent megapos01gtlta href targetself class leveltop gtltspangtCategory 02ltspangtltagt                     ltul classlevel0 megamenu megawFull megacol6gt                         ltli classlevel1 parent first  gtlta href targetself class gtltspangtsubcategoria 01ltspangtltagt                             ltul classlevel1   gt                                 ltli classlevel2 first last  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtfaceltspangtltagtltligt                             ltulgt                                      ltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 41ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 02ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 03ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 04ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1 parent  lastcolgtlta href targetself class gtltspangtsubcategoria 05ltspangtltagt                             ltul classlevel1   gt                                 ltli classlevel2 parent first  gtlta href targetself class gtltspangtsubcategoria 37ltspangtltagt                                     ltul classlevel2   gt                                         ltli classlevel3 first  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 34ltspangtltagtltligt                                         ltli classlevel3 first last  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 33ltspangtltagtltligt                                     ltulgt                                              ltligt                                 ltli classlevel2 parent first last  gtlta href targetself class gtltspangtsubcategoria 38ltspangtltagt                                     ltul classlevel2   gt                                         ltli classlevel3 first  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 36ltspangtltagtltligt                                         ltli classlevel3 first last  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 35ltspangtltagtltligt                                     ltulgt                                              ltligt                             ltulgt                         ltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 06ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 07ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 08ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 09ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 10ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  lastcolgtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 11ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 12ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 13ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 14ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 15ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 16ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  lastcolgtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 17ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 18ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 19ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 20ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 21ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 22ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  lastcolgtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 23ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 24ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 25ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 26ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 27ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 28ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  lastcolgtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 29ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 30ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 31ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 32ltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtfemininoltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtmasculinoltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1 first last  lastcolgtlta href targetself classgtltspangtdesodoranteltspangtltagtltligt                     ltulgt                 ltligt                 ltli classlevel0 leveltop  gtlta href targettop class leveltopgtltspangtCategory 03ltspangtltagtltligt                 ltli classlevel0 leveltop  gtlta href targettop class leveltopgtltspangtCategory 04ltspangtltagtltligt                 ltli classlevel0 leveltop parent last  gtlta href targetself class leveltop gtltspangtCategory 05ltspangtltagt                     ltul classlevel0   gt                         ltli classlevel1 first  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtoutrosltspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtgel de banholtspangtltagtltligt                         ltli classlevel1 parent first last  gtlta href targetself class gtltspangtloo corporalltspangtltagt                             ltul classlevel1   gt                                 ltli classlevel2 first  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 40ltspangtltagtltligt                                 ltli classlevel2 first last  gtlta href targetself classgtltspangtsubcategoria 39ltspangtltagtltligt                             ltulgt                         ltligt                     ltulgt                 ltligt             ltulgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt      ltbodygtcodepre div div p  pTo test, mouseover the menu item Category 02 and see how this work well on Chrome and FF but not in IE. p  pIll appreciate any helpp  pThanks a lotp
Negative 10594 pi have utf8 database and tables on server1. Files saved in utf8 and there are html, php and htaccess settings to set charset to utf8. Characters looks ok on server1.p  pi have moved all files not database to server2. But the data fetched by phps function mysqlquery have charset problems.p  pi have already tried set names, collation etc. mysql queries. It looks like different server configuration. It is a simple hosting account.p
Negative 10594 pThe following codep  precodeforeachPOST[queryvars] as keygtvalue              ifinarraykey,validnames ampamp issettranslation[key]                  try                      runoptions  true                     ifinarraykey,datefields                          ifissetPOST[queryvars][key.end]                              runoptions  false                             prepgtbindParamkeystart,POST[queryvars][key],PDOPARAMSTR                             prepgtbindParamkeyend,POST[queryvars][key.end],PDOPARAMSTR                                                                   ifrunoptions                          vardumpkey                         echo key                           vardumpPOST[queryvars][key]                         echo n                         prepgtbindParamkey,POST[queryvars][key],PDOPARAMSTR                                                       catchException ex                      echo querystart. n                      echo error .POST[queryvars][key]..n                     echo exgtgetMessage                     echo exgtgetTrace                                        codepre  pThrows a weird noticep  precodeltbgtNoticeltbgt  Array to string conversion in ltbgtCxampphtdocslibtalkgetAllReisFinancieel.phpltbgt on line ltbgt147ltbgtltbr gt Arraystring19 totaalbedragfactuur codepre  pThe var dump says its an Arraystring, but when I google on array string I cant find a single hit of what an arraystring is.p  pIve tried making it a normal string by codekey  keycode but to no avail.p  pDoes anyone know how to solve this or how I can test if the type is ArrayStringp
Negative 10594 pI previously fixed an issue with some code that works though it is a little ugly. Problem now is that it breaks my tests The idea here is that I can create a Campaign and associate 1 zipfile and onetomany pdfs.p  pPrevious question and solution a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions30608753rails42unknownattributeorservererrorinlogRails 4.2 Unknown Attribute or Server Error in Logap  pHere is the failure messagep  pstrongconsolestrongp  precode  1 CampaignsController POST create with valid params       FailureError post create, campaign attributesforcampaign      ActiveRecordRecordNotFound        Couldnt find Uploadzip with id       .appcontrollerscampaignscontroller.rb15in create       .speccontrollerscampaignscontrollerspec.rb36in block 4 levels in lttop requiredgt codepre  p..and the rest of the code.p  pstrongspecfactoriescampaigns.rbstrongp  precodeFactoryGirl.define do     factory campaign do x         x.sequencename  y Rockfest 201y Orange County          x.sequencecomment  y Total attendance is y      end end codepre  pstrongspeccontrollerscampaignscontroller.rbstrongp  precode  describe POST create do     context with valid params do       beforeeach do         post create, campaign attributesforcampaign       end        .........        end codepre  pstrongappcontrollerscampaignscontroller.rbstrongp  precodeclass CampaignsController lt ApplicationController  ......................        def create         campaign  Campaign.newcampaignparams          if campaign.save              zip  Uploadzip.findparams[uploadzipid]             zip.campaign  campaign             zip.save              flash[success]  Campaign Successfully Launched             redirectto campaign         else             ................         end       end  .......................    private        def campaignparams         params.requirecampaign.permitname, comment, campaignid, uploadpdfids []       end  end codepre  pThis appears simple and I assume it is, yet Ive tried quit a few things and cant seem to get it to pass. How would I support the new controller logic in this test Any help is appreciated.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pWith zetitics advice, I created the following code in which successfully passes.p  precodebeforeeach do   uploadzip  createuploadzip   post create, campaign attributesforcampaign, uploadzipid uploadzip end codepre
Negative 10594 pI have this code workingp  precodeixdtl.timestamp between todate20150603, YYYYMMDD INTERVAL 0300.0 HOUR TO SECOND    AND todate20150603, YYYYMMDD INTERVAL 1 25959.99 DAY TO SECOND     AND            icrun.RUNDATE BETWEEN todate20150603, YYYYMMDD      AND todate20150603, YYYYMMDD INTERVAL 1 DAY        codepre  pBut now, in place of the string 20150603, I need to use the variable currentdate so that ixdtl.timestamp is between 3AM yesterday and 3AM today. Also, the rundate needs to be yesterday or today.p  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 10594 pI have been trying to add an image next to my navigation menu using CSS pseudo selectors before or after.p  precode.menucontainerbefore     content      background transparent urlISO.png norepeat     positionrelative     floatright     width 50px     height100px   codepre  pWhen i use above code, the image is positioned on a line before the actual menu. When I use the after selector it goes to the next line. p  pI have tried almost all the solutions given in this forum for similar issues. But nothing worked. Really appreciate your support.p  pThanks heaps.p
Negative 10594 pAfter I read the a hrefhttpssoftware.intel.comenusarticlesnumpyscipywithintelmkl relnofollowNumpyScipy with Intel MKLa, I decide to try to build numpy and scipy with MKL on my OS X 10.10.3 with python 3.p  pBefore I started, I run the test given on the above post. And the results show that simply install numpy by codesudo pip install numpycode may give poor performance. codenp.showconfigcode shows thatp  precodeblasoptinfo extralinkargs  [Wl,framework, Wl,Accelerate] extracompileargs  [msse3, DAPPLEACCELERATESGEMVPATCH, ISystemLibraryFrameworksvecLib.frameworkHeaders] definemacros  [NOATLASINFO, 3] atlasblasinfo NOT AVAILABLE lapackmklinfo NOT AVAILABLE atlasthreadsinfo NOT AVAILABLE atlas310threadsinfo NOT AVAILABLE atlas310info NOT AVAILABLE atlas310blasinfo NOT AVAILABLE atlasinfo NOT AVAILABLE atlas310blasthreadsinfo NOT AVAILABLE openblaslapackinfo NOT AVAILABLE lapackoptinfo extralinkargs  [Wl,framework, Wl,Accelerate] extracompileargs  [msse3, DAPPLEACCELERATESGEMVPATCH] definemacros  [NOATLASINFO, 3] blasmklinfo NOT AVAILABLE atlasblasthreadsinfo NOT AVAILABLE openblasinfo NOT AVAILABLE mklinfo NOT AVAILABLE codepre  pand the test results arep  precodeMatrix Multiplication double precision m    n    k    time ms 10000 6000   64 177.05 10000 6000   80 226.73 10000 6000   96 264.09 10000 6000  104 297.06 10000 6000  112 301.12 10000 6000  120 318.30 10000 6000  128 332.58 10000 6000  144 347.57 10000 6000  160 389.62 10000 6000  176 452.49 10000 6000  192 516.09 10000 6000  200 484.72 10000 6000  208 485.06 10000 6000  224 535.08 10000 6000  240 539.59 10000 6000  256 619.32 10000 6000  384 847.70 LU decomposition double precision k    time ms 500   6.61 1000  49.21 1200  86.01 1500 146.43 2000 316.70 3000 886.56 4000 1910.19 5000 3563.16 Cholesky decomposition double precision k    time ms 500   3.18 1000  21.55 1200  46.85 1500  80.19 2000 170.36 3000 478.11 4000 1013.21 5000 2009.11 Single Value Decomposition double precision k    time ms 500 108.55 1000 815.48 1200 1336.25 1500 2502.42 2000 5746.61 3000 17547.70 I terminated it at last because it was taking a incredible long time on high dimension. codepre  pTaking a look on the tests result images on the page given above, one will find great differences especially in SVD. This is also why I start to looking for faster solution of numpy and find the above post.p  pThen I follow the post and start to build numpy with MKL.p  pFirstly I request Intel Parallel Studio XE Composer Edition for C OS X for student and have it installed in codeoptintelcode.p  pThen I modified codesite.cfgcode in the source folder of numpy intop  precode[mkl] librarydirs  optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mklliboptintelmklliboptintelcomposerxe2015.3.187compilerlibintel64 includedirs  optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mklinclude mkllibs  mklrt lapacklibs  codepre  pand codepython setup.py configcode shows thatp  precodeRunning from numpy source directory. usrlocalCellarpython33.4.3FrameworksPython.frameworkVersions3.4libpython3.4distutilsdist.py260 UserWarning Unknown distribution option testsuite warnings.warnmsg nonexisting path in numpyf2py docs nonexisting path in numpyf2py f2py.1 F2PY Version 2 blasoptinfo blasmklinfo FOUND librarydirs  [optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mkllib] definemacros  [SCIPYMKLH, None] libraries  [mklrt, pthread] includedirs  [optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mklinclude]  FOUND librarydirs  [optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mkllib] definemacros  [SCIPYMKLH, None] libraries  [mklrt, pthread] includedirs  [optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mklinclude]  nonexisting path in numpylib benchmarks lapackoptinfo openblaslapackinfo libraries openblas not found in [usrlocalCellarpython33.4.3FrameworksPython.frameworkVersions3.4lib, usrlocallib, usrlib] NOT AVAILABLE  lapackmklinfo mklinfo FOUND librarydirs  [optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mkllib] definemacros  [SCIPYMKLH, None] libraries  [mklrt, pthread] includedirs  [optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mklinclude]  FOUND librarydirs  [optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mkllib] definemacros  [SCIPYMKLH, None] libraries  [mklrt, pthread] includedirs  [optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mklinclude]  FOUND librarydirs  [optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mkllib] definemacros  [SCIPYMKLH, None] libraries  [mklrt, pthread] includedirs  [optintelcomposerxe2015.3.187mklinclude]  usrlocalCellarpython33.4.3FrameworksPython.frameworkVersions3.4libpython3.4distutilsdist.py260 UserWarning Unknown distribution option testsuite warnings.warnmsg usrlocalCellarpython33.4.3FrameworksPython.frameworkVersions3.4libpython3.4distutilsdist.py260 UserWarning Unknown distribution option definemacros warnings.warnmsg running config codepre  pSeems that the MKL library is located correctly. I follow the post and use exactly the same compile command and build command to build numpy. Finally use codesudo python setup.py installcode to install the built package.p  pThen I start a iPython shell, codeimport numpy as npcode gives mep  precodeIn [1] import numpy as np  ImportError                               Traceback most recent call last ltipythoninput14ee716103900gt in ltmodulegt gt 1 import numpy as np  usrlocallibpython3.4sitepackagesnumpyinit.py in ltmodulegt 168         return loaderpackages, options 169 gt 170     from . import addnewdocs 171     all  [addnewdocs,                    172                ModuleDeprecationWarning,  usrlocallibpython3.4sitepackagesnumpyaddnewdocs.py in ltmodulegt 11 from future import division, absoluteimport, printfunction 12 gt 13 from numpy.lib import addnewdoc 14 15   usrlocallibpython3.4sitepackagesnumpylibinit.py in ltmodulegt 16 17 from . import scimath as emath gt 18 from .polynomial import  19 import convertcode 20 from .utils import   usrlocallibpython3.4sitepackagesnumpylibpolynomial.py in ltmodulegt 17 from numpy.lib.functionbase import trimzeros, sortcomplex 18 from numpy.lib.typecheck import iscomplex, real, imag gt 19 from numpy.linalg import eigvals, lstsq, inv 20 21 class RankWarningUserWarning  usrlocallibpython3.4sitepackagesnumpylinalginit.py in ltmodulegt 49 from .info import doc 50 gt 51 from .linalg import  52 53 from numpy.testing import Tester  usrlocallibpython3.4sitepackagesnumpylinalglinalg.py in ltmodulegt 27      28 from numpy.lib import triu, asfarray gt 29 from numpy.linalg import lapacklite, umathlinalg 30 from numpy.matrixlib.defmatrix import matrixpower 31 from numpy.compat import asbytes  ImportError dlopenusrlocallibpython3.4sitepackagesnumpylinalglapacklite.so, 2 Library not loaded libmklrt.dylib Referenced from usrlocallibpython3.4sitepackagesnumpylinalglapacklite.so Reason image not found codepre  pI also try to set codeLDLIBRARYPATHcode as illustrated in the post but nothing help.p  pCan somebody give me some hints to solve this problem  Any help will be greatly appreciated p
Negative 10594 pWell, there are lots of such questions available in SO as well as other forums. However, none of these helped. p  pI wrote a program in C to find number of primes within a range. The range i in long int. I am using a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiSieveofEratosthenes relnofollowstrongSieve of Eratosthenesstronga algorithm. I am using an array of long ints to store all the numbers from 1 till the limit. I could not think of a better approach to achieve without using an array. The code works fine, till 10000000. But after that, it runs out of memory and exits. Below is my code.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include lttime.hgt typedef unsigned long uint32  int main       uint32 i, N, list, cross0, j4, k, primescnt  0     clockt start, end     double exectime      systemcls     printfEnter Nn     scanflu, ampN     list  uint32  malloc N1  sizeofuint32     start  clock     fori0 iltN1 i          list[i]  i           fori0 crossltN2 i           ifi  0             cross  2         else ifi  1             cross  3         else               forjcross1 jltN j                  iflist[j]  0                      cross  list[j]                     break                                                 forkcross2 kltN kcross              ifk lt N                 list[k]  0                    fori2 iltN i           iflist[i]  0             continue         else             primescnt           printflu, primescnt     end  clock     exectime  double endstart     printfnf, exectime     return 0  codepre  pI am stuck and cant think of a better way to achieve this. Any help will be hugely appreciated. Thanks.p  pstrongEditstrongp  pMy aim is to generate and print all prime numbers below the range. As printing consumed a lot of time, I thought of getting the first step right. p
Negative 10594 pThis is my codeListViewcode items after i made few changesp  precode    ltListView.ItemContainerStylegt         ltStyle TargetTypexType ListViewItemgt             ltSetter PropertyBackground ValueTransparent gt             ltSetter PropertyForeground ValueWhite gt             ltSetter PropertyTemplategt                 ltSetter.Valuegt                     ltControlTemplate TargetTypexType ListViewItemgt                         ltBorder                  BorderBrushWhite                  BorderThickness0                  BackgroundTemplateBinding Backgroundgt                             ltGridViewRowPresenter HorizontalAlignmentStretch                               VerticalAlignmentTemplateBinding VerticalContentAlignment                               WidthAuto Margin0 ContentTemplateBinding Contentgt                         ltBordergt                     ltControlTemplategt                 ltSetter.Valuegt             ltSettergt         ltStylegt     ltListView.ItemContainerStylegt codepre  pcodeBackground colorcode is codeTransparentcode and codeForeground colorcode is codeWhitecode.p  pWhile codeMouseOvercode or codeListView item selectedcode nothing changed, this mean that the currect view is not changing and i want to change the codeBorderColorcode in codeMouseOvercode to codeWhitecode and while codeSelectedcode i want to change the codeBorderColorcode  to blue.p  pEditp  pAfter try the code example this 2 linesp  precodeltSetter PropertyBackground TargetNameBd ValueStaticResource Item.SelectedActive.Backgroundgt ltSetter PropertyBorderBrush TargetNameBd ValueStaticResource Item.SelectedActive.Border codepre  preceived error that the resource Item.SelectedActive.Bachground could not be resolved and resource Item.SelectedActive.Border could not be resolved.p
Negative 10594 pHow do I get the address value192.168.0.number only, cause when I console the address it gives me an additional value ffffaddressp  precodevar express  requireexpress var app  express var http  requirehttp.Serverapp var io  requiresocket.iohttp  http.listen3000, function    console.loglistening on 3000   app.useexpress.staticdirname  public  var usernames   var numUsers  0  io.sockets.onconnection, function socket    var addedUser  false   var address  socket.handshake.address    console.logNew connection from   address  codepre
Negative 10594 pI wrote a Python script which does some nice stuff. It reads some inputs from an excel file and stores the results in another excel file. My plan is I can make a web based form from which can be used to input the python program. I can make the code but how to run my program on a shared hosting platform I am using modules like xlrd, xlwt, pysqlite, pyzipcode  etc. What are my alternatives My hosting Godaddy basic shared hosting. It doesnt come with python preinstalled.p
Negative 10594 pI have a single page divided by two codebootstrapcode tabs think of it as a database main record with a data form first tab that should have some file attachments uploaded with a a hrefhttpblueimp.github.iojQueryFileUploadindex.html relnofollowjQuery File Upload Basic Plus UIa form on the second tab.p  pI have a single submit button that already stores the first form data to db and I need to link the already uploaded by the user file attachments to the main record, after the form submission. I cannot get the uploaded file ids through php because I think jquery ajaxuploading isnt reloading the page, therefore I cannot access to data that did not exist at the time the page was loaded.p  pI cannot even modify the provided php script see below adding the main record key field to file attachments db table, because it doesnt exist before submitting the form.p  pHow could I manage to pass to my php submit script the ids of the uploaded filesp  pThis is the php function extension that returns a file object that is subsequently parsed through a hrefhttpsgithub.comblueimpJavaScriptTemplates relnofollowJavascriptTemplateap  precode    protected function handlefileuploaduploadedfile, name, size, type, error,         index  null, contentrange  null      file  parenthandlefileupload         uploadedfile, name, size, type, error, index, contentrange          if emptyfilegterror          sql  INSERT INTO .thisgtoptions[dbtable]             . name, size, type, title, description             . VALUES , , , ,          query  thisgtdbgtpreparesql         querygtbindparam             sisss,             filegtname,             filegtsize,             filegttype,             filegttitle,             filegtdescription                  querygtexecute         filegtid  thisgtdbgtinsertid          return file  codepre  pAnd this is the templatecode that lists every file loaded, accessing file object datap  precodeltscript idtemplatedownload typetextxtmplgt      for var i0, file fileo.files[i] i           lttr classtemplatedownload fadegt             lttdgt                 ltspan classpreviewgt                      if file.thumbnailUrl                           lta hreffile.url titlefile.name downloadfile.name datagallerygtltimg srcfile.thumbnailUrlgtltagt                                        ltspangt             lttdgt             lttdgt                 ltp classnamegt                      if file.url                           lta hreffile.url titlefile.name downloadfile.name file.thumbnailUrldatagallerygtfile.nameltagt                       else                           ltspangtfile.nameltspangt                                        ltpgt                  if file.error                       ltdivgtltspan classlabel labeldangergtErrorltspangt file.errorltdivgt                                lttdgt             lttdgt                 ltspan classsizegto.formatFileSizefile.sizeltspangt             lttdgt             lttdgt                  if file.deleteUrl                       ltbutton classbtn btndanger delete datatypefile.deleteType dataurlfile.deleteUrl if file.deleteWithCredentials   dataxhrfieldswithCredentialstrue  gt                         lti classglyphicon glyphicontrashgtltigt                         ltspangtDeleteltspangt                     ltbuttongt                     ltinput typecheckbox namedelete value1 classtogglegt                   else                       ltbutton classbtn btnwarning cancelgt                         lti classglyphicon glyphiconbancirclegtltigt                         ltspangtCancelltspangt                     ltbuttongt                                lttdgt         lttrgt        ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a hello.txt file  that looks likep  precodeApple 4 me Iam123 colorgreen Shapexx Banana 3 them Iam456 colorgreen Shapexx orange 5 them Iam123 colororange Shapexxx codepre  pI am trying to read this file in matlab using textscan it saves it as a cell array and i would like it to be converted to a normal array my code is likep  precodefid  fopenhello.txt,rt x  textscanfid,s,Delimiter,n fclosefid x tempans codepre  ptemp becomes a cellarray of size 12x1p  pAll I need is to be able to group the Iam123 which is sort of an id together so that my output could be likep  pstrongoutputstrongp  precodeIam123 colorgreen Shapexx orange 5 them colororange Shapexxx  Banana 3 them Iam456 colorgreen Shapexx codepre
Negative 10594 pHow to automatically adjust size of the div which is horizontally centred, using another div which has codeposition fixedcode propertyp  pTo better understand what I mean please take a look at the picture below. Div codeAcode is a fixed div with a fixed size and div codeBcode is a div which is horizontally centred. I want div codeBcode to resize when I resize browser window in a such way so right border of codeAcode and left border of codeBcode never overlap ideally, if the distance between the borders kept the same.p  pI know that this can be fairly easy done using JavaScript by reacting on resize events, but Im wondering is there any way to achieve this in pure CSSp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comKBFWi.png altenter image description herep
Negative 10594 pIm trying to respond to a reviewer that wants some changes to a figure... I am using ggplot2 to generate KaplanMeier curves, and the reviewer wants the Xaxis to start at 0. The default in ggkmTable adds some space between 0 and the Yaxis. I cant figure out what to change to make it look right. Here is my codep  precodeggkmTable lt functionsfit, tableTRUE,returns  FALSE, xlabs  Time in Years, ylabs  Survival Probability, ystratalabs  NULL, ystrataname  NULL, timeby  100, main  KaplanMeier Plot, pval  TRUE, ...      requireplyr     requireggplot2     requiresurvival     requiregridExtra     ifis.nullystratalabs          ystratalabs lt as.characterlevelssummarysfitstrata          m lt maxncharystratalabs     ifis.nullystrataname ystrataname lt Strata     times lt seq0, maxsfittime, by  timeby     .df lt data.frametime  sfittime, n.risk  sfitn.risk,     n.event  sfitn.event, surv  sfitsurv, strata  summarysfit, censored  Tstrata,     upper  sfitupper, lower  sfitlower     levels.dfstrata lt ystratalabs     zeros lt data.frametime  0, surv  1, strata  factorystratalabs, levelslevels.dfstrata,     upper  1, lower  1     .df lt rbind.fillzeros, .df     d lt lengthlevels.dfstrata     p lt ggplot.df, aestime, surv, group  strata      geomstepaeslinetype  strata, size  0.7      themebw      themeaxis.title.x  elementtextvjust  0.5      scalexcontinuousxlabs, breaks  times, limits  c0, maxsfittime      scaleycontinuousylabs, limits  c0, 1      themepanel.grid.minor  elementblank      themelegend.position  bottom      themelegend.key  elementrectcolour  NA      labslinetype  ystrataname      themeplot.margin  unitc0, 1, .5, ifelsem lt 10, 1.5, 2.5, lines      ggtitlemain     ifpval          sdiff lt survdiffevalsfitcallformula, data  evalsfitcalldata         pval lt pchisqsdiffchisq, lengthsdiffn1, lower.tail  FALSE         pvaltxt lt pastep , signifpval, 3         p lt p  annotatetext, x  0.6  maxsfittime, y  0.1, label  pvaltxt            Create a blank plot for placeholding      .df lt data.frame     blank.pic lt ggplot.df, aestime, surv      geomblank      themebw      themeaxis.text.x  elementblank, axis.text.y  elementblank,     axis.title.x  elementblank, axis.title.y  elementblank,     axis.ticks  elementblank, panel.grid.major  elementblank,     panel.border  elementblank     iftable           Create table graphic to include atrisk numbers         risk.data lt data.framestrata  summarysfit, times  times, extend  TRUEstrata,         time  summarysfit, times  times, extend  TRUEtime,         n.risk  summarysfit, times  times, extend  TRUEn.risk         data.table lt ggplotrisk.data, aesx  time, y  strata, label  formatn.risk, nsmall  0          , color  strata          geomtextsize  3.5          themebw          scaleydiscretebreaks  as.characterlevelsrisk.datastrata, labels  ystratalabs           scaleydiscreteformat1ter  abbreviate,          breaks  13,          labels  ystratalabs          scalexcontinuousNumbers at risk, limits  c0, maxsfittime          themeaxis.title.x  elementtextsize  10, vjust  1, panel.grid.major  elementblank,         panel.grid.minor  elementblank, panel.border  elementblank,         axis.text.x  elementblank, axis.ticks  elementblank,         axis.text.y  elementtextface  bold, hjust  1         data.table lt data.table  themelegend.position  none          xlabNULL  ylabNULL         data.table lt data.table          themeplot.margin  unitc1.5, 1, 0.1, ifelsem lt 10, 2.5, 3.50.28  m, lines          Plotting the graphs          p lt ggplotGrobp          p lt addGrobp, textGrobx  unit.8, npc, y  unit.25, npc, label  pvaltxt,          gp  gparfontsize  12         grid.arrangep, blank.pic, data.table,         clip  FALSE, nrow  3, ncol  1,         heights  unitc2, .1, .25,cnull, null, null         ifreturns              a lt arrangeGrobp, blank.pic, data.table, clip  FALSE,             nrow  3, ncol  1, heights  unitc2, .1, .25,cnull, null, null             returna                   else           p lt ggplotGrobp          p lt addGrobp, textGrobx  unit0.5, npc, y  unit0.23, npc,          label  pvaltxt, gp  gparfontsize  12         printp         ifreturns returnp       codepre
Negative 10594 pI have codep  precodechar sabc codepre  pI have a question, whats datatype of a variable in this codep  ol lidatatype of codescode is codeintcodeli lis is codestringcodeli ol  pSo, if datatype of codescode is codeintcode, why codecoutltltscode is abcp
Negative 10594 pI have a bunch of blocks for a chart. They have different height and I want to animate it right after document has been downloaded.p  pI use CSS rules like followingp  precode.column      display block      animationname bounceCharts     animationiterationcount 1     animationtimingfunction easein     animationduration 2s  .columnrate1      height 4px  .columnrate2      height 8px  codepre  pThen I specify keyframe rulep  precodekeyframes bounceCharts      0          height 4px          100          height inherit       codepre  pFor example, I want a blocks with classes code.column.columnrate2code to have height of 8px and be animated within 2s, as I specified in a keyframe rule. And so on according to other code.columncode blocks.p  pWell, it doesnt work the way I want it to  So question is how can I set keyframe animation of one cascading CSS property for multiple classes I dont want to write redundant code. Or should I always duplicate my code for each CSS selector likep  precode    .columnrate1              height 4px         animationname bounceChartWithRate1           keyframes bounceChartWithRate1          0 height 4px         100height 8px      codepre  pp
Negative 10594 pOk, this is a weird one and I hope I can explain what is going on.  I have a python app that links to some c libraries via swig.  I install it on a machine and it runs from folder optmail linux  When I run it I get a undefined symbol error trying to link to a library with the same name but from a different python app in optprinter.p  pWhy would my app be looking in a different folder  I noticed this same behavior when I had a backup copy at optmailold.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to write a directive that provides a custom button. The text within the button is provided to the directive through two attributes.p  pThe button templatep  precodeltbuttongt   ltdivgtdigitltdivgt   ltdivgtlettersltdivgt ltbuttongt codepre  pThe directive callp  precodeltwsdial digit2 lettersABCgtltwsdialgt codepre  pThe directive is defined like thisp  precodeangular.module MyApp.directive wsDial, function     return      restrict E,     templateUrl wsdial.html,     scope        digit ,       letters          codepre  pHowever, only the content of the codedigitcode property is used codeletterscode is empty as if it was undefined inside my directive.p  pI made an example on Codepen a hrefhttpcodepen.iopiwinuxpenOVOxXJ relnofollowherea.p  pWhat am I doing wrong Thanks.p
Negative 10594 pIn my application I need to store some data to the codeRDBMScode DB and some data to the codeMongoDBcode in the same transaction and I am using codeSpring JTAcode for my codeRDBMScode transactions.p  pI am new to codeMongoDBcode and i am not sure that will this codeSpring JTAcode supported by codeMongoDBcode. Whats the way or api to handle a transaction programmaticaly in codeMongoDBcode as codeMongoDBcode doesnt support transaction.p  pAs like working with codeRDBMScode and by annotating a method codeTransactionalcode, all operations in method done as a single atomic operations and if an error occur automatic rollback done by codeSpring JTAcode but how we can achieve this using codeMongoDBcodep
Negative 10594 pDeveloping an app in strongAndroid Studiostrong I have the width of my codeImageViewcode set to matchparent. I am trying to set the height of it to the width  3.  In other words I am trying to maintain an aspect ratio of 31 regardless of the screen size of the device it runs on.  I know I cant do it in XML because you can only set values to literal values. At runtime I can use this statement.p  precodeimg.getLayoutParams.height  img.getWidth  3  codepre  pand that will work but if I put that in the codeonCreatecode or the onStart methods codegetWidthcode returns 0 because the view hasnt been created yet.  Theres got to be a place I can place this code so that it simply runs after the codeActivitycode starts.p  pI tried thisp  precodeOverride protected void onSizeChangedint w, int h, int oldw, int oldh      super.onSizeChangedw, h, oldw, oldh      float RATIO  13     setLayoutParamsnew RadioGroup.LayoutParamsintRATIO  w, w  codepre  pBut the codeonSizeChangedcode and codesetLayoutParamscode are turned red and I dont know where I need to put this code.p
Negative 10594 pSo I have a Data Frame that looks like thisp  precode         rt  trialnum  blocknum          task         cond correct   0  0.972886          0          0  flankerprac    congruent    True    1  1.554523          0          0  flankerprac  incongruent    True    2  0.773707          0          0  flankerprac  incongruent    True    3  0.551996          0          0  flankerprac      neutral    True    4  0.540900          0          0  flankerprac      neutral    True       subject   0  stroop001   1  stroop001   2  stroop001   3  stroop001   4  stroop001 codepre  pAnd it repeats for over 700 instances for each subject, of which there are 27. To simplify things a bit I havep  precodeMANIP  REALframe.groupby[subject, task, correct,                         cond].aggrt np.mean print MANIP codepre  pWhich looks likep  precode                                                 rt subject    task         correct cond                  stroop001 flanker      False   congruent    0.302299                                 incongruent  0.383344                                 neutral      0.380226                         True    congruent    0.448876                                 incongruent  0.542133                                 neutral      0.427231            flankerprac True    congruent    0.725038                                 incongruent  1.164115                                 neutral      0.546448            stroop       False   congruent    0.363083                                 incongruent  0.454107                         True    congruent    0.602684                                 incongruent  0.699942            stroopprac  False   incongruent  0.626862                         True    congruent    1.065135                                 incongruent  1.174814 stroop002 flanker      False   congruent    0.624636 [...] codepre  pAgain, for all 27 subjects.p  pIm creating graphs using seaborn and matplotlib. The problem is that no matter what I try, I either get 700 individual instances of RTs per subject which is very messy or I get one overall for just RTs, but not split up by cond, correct, task, etc. Any suggestionsp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to implement a simple generic methodp  precodefunc findMaxltT Comparablegtnumbersarray  [T] gt  mintuple  T , maxtuple  T       var maxnumber  T     var minnumber  T      for i in numbersarray              ifmaxnumber lt i                      maxnumber  i                  ifminnumber gt i                      minnumber  i                   return minnumber , maxnumber  codepre  pI am trying to access the method like thisp  precodelet result  findMax[3.4, 5, 7, 7.8] codepre  pBut whenever I run this code I get the following errorp  blockquote   pfatal error unexpectedly found nil while unwrapping an Optional valuep blockquote  pI think thats because I havent assigned a value to strongvar maxnumber  Tstrong and strongvar minnumber  Tstrongp  pI cant assign a value to them because they are of generic type and I think the garbage value is messing with the logic of this function... I might be wrong but that is what I have been able to assess from my debugging session.p  pThanks in advance, Any help is greatly appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI am trying to use powershell to make webrequests in parallel. I have a function MakeRequest that makes the type of request I need to make. This function works fine when run oneoff, or when run in sequence. However, when I attempt to use either StartJob or define a workflow to execute requests in parallel, I run into the error You cannot call a method on a nullvalued expression. The error is thrown on when i attempt to get the response from the web request response  webRequest.GetResponsep  pWhat am i doing wrong  missingp  precode[System.Net.ServicePointManager]ServerCertificateValidationCallback  true  MakeRequest       parammachineName, [int]port     WriteHost machineName port     url  httpsmachineName  portpath     webRequest  [net.WebRequest]Createurl     webRequest.Headers.AddMyHeader, MyValue      10 Minute Timeout     webRequest.Timeout  600000      returnCode  1     output       Try          WriteHost webRequest         response  webRequest.GetResponse         statusCode  [int]response.StatusCode          if statusCode ne 200              WriteHost Server machineName did not return a 200, and instead returned a statusCode             Exit 1                   [IO.Stream] stream  response.GetResponseStream         [IO.StreamReader] reader  NewObject IO.StreamReaderstream         [string] output  reader.readToEnd         stream.flush         stream.close         returnCode  0      Catch [system.exception]          [IO.Stream] stream  .Exception.Response.GetResponseStream         [IO.StreamReader] reader  NewObject IO.StreamReaderstream         [string] output  reader.readToEnd         stream.flush         stream.close      Finally          WriteDebug machineName output        mach1, mach2, mach3   ForEachObject  StartJob ScriptBlock MakeRequest ArgumentList , 10443   GetJob  WaitJob  GetJob    ReceiveJob .Id RemoveJob .Id  codepre
Negative 10594 pIve recently upgraded from eclipse 4.4.2 Luna to 4.5 Mars. My dynamic web project now doesnt include the Maven Dependencies in its deployment assembly ProjectPropertiesDeployment assembly.p  pI can add them manually using ProjectPropertiesDeployment assemblyAddJava Build Path EntriesMaven Dependencies, but every time I run ProjectMavenUpdate Project Configuration, the Maven Dependencies are removed again.p  pNote that I run the project using the Apache Tomcat Server within the Eclipse IDE.p  pI have installed p  ul lim2e 1.6.0.201505262032li lim2ewtp 1.2.0.201506021740li ul
Negative 10594 pI want to send array buffer from javascript to native client module and then i want to convert array buffer to integer pointer. i saw the earth example in naclsdk directory.they are passing image data and convert like in p  precode    javascript      var imageData  context.getImageData0, 0, img.width, img.height  Send NaCl module the raw image data obtained from canvas. common.naclModule.postMessagemessage  texture,                                name  name,                                width  img.width,                                height  img.height,                                data  imageData.data.buffer      nativeclient     stdstring name  dictionary.Getname.AsString     int width  dictionary.Getwidth.AsInt     int height  dictionary.Getheight.AsInt     ppVarArrayBuffer arraybufferdictionary.Getdata     if name.empty ampamp arraybuffer.isnull        if width gt 0 ampamp height gt 0          uint32t pixels  staticcastltuint32tgtarraybuffer.Map         SetTexturename, width, height, pixels         arraybuffer.Unmap codepre  pi am using eclipse debuging and i dont know how to check whether array buffer received correctly and whether i can pass pixels as a parameter to some function or i have to create pixels  new uint32t[size] before passing. more importantly how to convert uint32t pixels to Var arraybuffer and send to javascript using dictonary and post message and how to receive that in javascript handle message as a array buffer value.p
Negative 10594 pI have just installed OpenCV and unpacked the selfextracting archive. Then I needed to set the environment variable. p  pI proceeded as followsp  pStart  Control Panel  System and Security  System  Advanced System Settings  Environment Variables  Newp  pAt this stage I was prompted to enter the followingp  pVariable Namep  pVariable Value p  pFor Variable Name I entered OPENCVDIRp  pAnd for Variable Value I entered cxxxbuildx64vc12p  pWhere xxx represents the path to where the build folder is located in my system.p  pMy question is this and I am sorry as I know there is an easy answer I just dont know how to find out How do I know the version of Visual Studio installedp  pI downloaded from the visual studio webite but I dont know whether it is Visual Studio 13, 2015 RC,  Community etc...p  pPlease Note Operating System Windows 7, 64bitp  pAny help greatly appreciated, thank youp
Negative 10594 pI have a social app that builds a list of cars for users.  Each user builds their own list. When I click on a listview item to link car data with dealership data I bring back a null value in the below code, when in fact Im trying to bring back an integer value thats saved in a sqlite table.  My code is below.  I can add more code if needed.p  precodeprivate Integer d  protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitylistcars     Car c  new Car     this.d  c.getD1     Log.dCar,Car   d ltthis brings back Null     ...     ...   public class Car implements Serializable   public static final String TAG  Car private static final long serialVersionUID  7406082437623008161L  private long Id private String mk private String modl private Integer d1 private USER xUser   public Car      this.mknull     this.modlnull     this.d1null       public CarString make, String model,Integer d1      super      this.mk  make     this.modl  model     this.d1  d1        public long getId      return Id  public void setIdlong xId      this.Id  xId    public String getMakereturn mk public void setMakeString make this.make  mk  public String getModelreturn modl public void setModelString model this.model  modl  public Integer getD1return d1 public void setD1Integer d1 this.d1  d1  public USER getUser      return xUser  public void setUserUSER yUser      this.xUser  yUser     codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a workbook which strongI want to export selected data to a separate workbook, Im getting coderuntime error 424code when I try to paste.strong Code belowp  pThis works fine in the source workbookp  precodeSheetsCoding Analysis.RangeA24P581.AutoFilter Field1, Criteria11     RangeB23P1124.Copy     Selection.Copy codepre  pWhen I try to paste the target workbook opens fine amp the page selection runs but I get the runtime error on the coderangecode linep  precodeWorkbooks.Opendtest.xlsx.Activate     SheetsCaseMan.Select Error line below RangeA1.Select.EndxlUp.Offset2, 0.PasteSpecial Application.CutCopyMode  False ActiveWorkbook.Save codepre  pAny assistance greatly appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pI am currently using Cassandra 1.2.19 and cqlsh 3.1.8. I want to upgrade Cassandra version to 2.1.7. Which things do I need to keep in consideration for upgrading p  pIf I upgrade the version, will there occur any problem to maintain the node, add new node or remove the node p  pWill secondary index work properly after upgrading p  pWhat is the step by step procedure to upgrade itp
Negative 10594 pI would like to create a layout that would basically look like the image below.p  pItems are dynamic so a flavor of ListView ou ExpandableListView seems like a way to go but Im curious to see if anyone would know of an existing component or a way of implementing it.p  pI dont care about collapsing the groups.p  pThanksp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1qdou.png altMy examplep
Negative 10594 pI have been unable to wrap my head around how to get these tests back to green.p  pModelp  precodevalidates email, presence true, format  with VALIDEMAILREGEX ,     uniqueness true validates zip, presence true, format  with VALIDZIPREGEX  validatesnumericalityof puzzlepieces, onlyinteger true codepre  pSpecp  precodeit  should validatepresenceofemail  it  should validateuniquenessofemail  it  should allowvaluejohn.doeexample.com, aliceyahoo.ca.foremail  it  shouldnot allowvaluejohn2example.com, johnexamplecom.foremail   it  should validatepresenceofzip  it  should allowvalue35124, 351241234.forzip  it  shouldnot allowvalue5124, 3512412345.forzip   it  should validatenumericalityofpuzzlepieces.onlyinteger  codepre  pThe above tests pass until I add this custom validation.p  pCustom Validatorp  precodeclass PiecesValidator lt ActiveModelEachValidator   def validateeachrecord, attribute, value     unless value gt 0 ampamp value lt Puzzle.remaining       record.errors[attribute] ltlt options[message]  Puzzle pieces must be between 1 and Puzzle.remaining     end   end end codepre  pModelp  precodevalidates puzzlepieces, pieces true codepre  pSpecp  precodeit does not allow a negative number of puzzle pieces to be saved do   order  buildorder, puzzlepieces 1   expectorder.to beinvalid end codepre  pThat last test passes, but all of my shoulda tests then fail with the same errorp  precodeNoMethodError        undefined method gt for nilNilClass codepre  pI am not understanding how to fix this. It seems that the shoulda tests operate in isolation just fine. But then they all blow up when the custom validation is added in.p  pAny help pushing me towards understanding this would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 10594 pI am new to Access and am currently working on a project that has a database containing 3 tables  One with Personal data of employees, second with their education details, and 3rd with their occupation. All three have a common EMPID as their common connector. I made a left join between the first two tables to associate the education degrees to the respective employees. Since many employees hold more than one degree, I now have multiple entries for the same employee like the followingp  pEMPID Name       Age Gender Degree   University p  ol lipJohn Doe   32     M     BE      ABC University pli lipJohn Doe   32    M      MS      XYZ University pli lipJane Miller29    F     BE       PWQ Universitypli lipPerson3    45    F     BTech   MNB Universitypli ol  pThe first table consists of the first 4 rows of the above query result and the second table has the last two rows with the EMPID of the result. p  pI wanted to know if there was a way in which I could combine these multiple values and make them one single record, because if I have to JOIN the Occupation table which contains multiple records for each EMPID, I would end up having a lot more than one record per person. I have to take this data and use it in a C program. Would anyone have an idea of how to go about this Or is there a better solution that I can follow Thanks a lot in advancep
Negative 10594 pIn our application, we are using apache tomcat webserver running in 8081.p  pWe observed one behavior where HTTP POST Requests from clients are getting fragmented whereas HTTP Response 200 OK is not getting fragmented. This we observed by collecting iptraces.p  pOur ETH MTU value is 1500 Bytes. p  h1Sample POST Request which is fragmentedh1  precode 331 bytes received on interface en0  135001.040393849 ETHERNET packet  [ 0026cbebdf7f gt 001a64473c02 ]  type 800  IP IP header breakdown     lt SRC    172.30.17.142 gt       lt DST       10.16.0.72 gt  un51sv01if0     ipv4, iphl20, iptos0, iplen317, ipid57225, ipoff0 DF     ipttl62, ipsum942d, ipp  6 TCP TCP header breakdown     ltsource port43795, destination port8081 gt     thseq2849969884, thack3790782429     thoff5, flagsltPUSH  ACKgt     thwin49680, thsumba63, thurp0 00000000     504f5354 202f6973 61736f61 702f656e     POST isasoapen 00000010     64706f69 6e742f49 6e766f6b 65417070     dpointInvokeApp 00000020     53657276 69636549 46204854 54502f31     ServiceIF HTTP1 00000030     2e310d0a 436f6e74 656e742d 54797065     .1..ContentType 00000040     3a207465 78742f78 6d6c3b20 63686172      textxml char 00000050     7365743d 7574662d 380d0a41 63636570     setutf8..Accep 00000060     743a2074 6578742f 786d6c2c 20746578     t textxml, tex 00000070     742f6874 6d6c2c20 696d6167 652f6769     thtml, imagegi 00000080     662c2069 6d616765 2f6a7065 672c202a     f, imagejpeg,  00000090     3b20713d 2e322c20 2a2f2a3b 20713d2e      q.2,  q. 000000a0     320d0a53 4f415041 6374696f 6e3a2022     2..SOAPAction  000000b0     220d0a55 7365722d 4167656e 743a204a     ..UserAgent J 000000c0     6176612f 312e362e 305f3831 0d0a486f     ava1.6.081..Ho 000000d0     73743a20 31302e31 362e302e 37323a38     st 10.16.0.728 000000e0     3038310d 0a436f6e 6e656374 696f6e3a     081..Connection 000000f0     206b6565 702d616c 6976650d 0a436f6e      keepalive..Con 00000100     74656e74 2d4c656e 6774683a 20333634     tentLength 364 00000110     390d0a0d 0a                             9....            codepre  h1Now the fragmented second packet starth1  precode 1434 bytes received on interface en0  135001.040697474 ETHERNET packet  [ 0026cbebdf7f gt 001a64473c02 ]  type 800  IP IP header breakdown     lt SRC    172.30.17.142 gt       lt DST       10.16.0.72 gt  un51sv01if0     ipv4, iphl20, iptos0, iplen1420, ipid57227, ipoff0 DF     ipttl62, ipsum8fdc, ipp  6 TCP TCP header breakdown     ltsource port43795, destination port8081 gt     thseq2849970161, thack3790782429     thoff5, flagsltACKgt     thwin49680, thsumf8e9, thurp0 00000000     3c3f786d 6c207665 7273696f 6e3d2231     ltxml version1 00000010     2e302220 656e636f 64696e67 3d225554     .0 encodingUT 00000020     462d3822 3f3e0a3c 656e763a 456e7665     F8gt.ltenvEnve 00000030     6c6f7065 20786d6c 6e733a65 6e763d22     lope xmlnsenv 00000040     68747470 3a2f2f73 6368656d 61732e78     httpschemas.x 00000050     6d6c736f 61702e6f 72672f73 6f61702f     mlsoap.orgsoap 00000060     656e7665 6c6f7065 2f222078 6d6c6e73     envelope xmlns 00000070     3a787364 3d226874 74703a2f 2f777777     xsdhttpwww 00000080     2e77332e 6f72672f 32303031 2f584d4c     .w3.org2001XML 00000090     53636865 6d612220 786d6c6e 733a7873     Schema xmlnsxs codepre  pSimilar to above, there is another packet.p  h1Now the Final packet of 950 Octetsh1  precode 943 bytes received on interface en0  135001.040713619 ETHERNET packet  [ 0026cbebdf7f gt 001a64473c02 ]  type 800  IP IP header breakdown     lt SRC    172.30.17.142 gt       lt DST       10.16.0.72 gt  un51sv01if0     ipv4, iphl20, iptos0, iplen929, ipid57229, ipoff0 DF     ipttl62, ipsum91c5, ipp  6 TCP TCP header breakdown     ltsource port43795, destination port8081 gt     thseq2849972921, thack3790782429     thoff5, flagsltPUSH  ACKgt     thwin49680, thsum32ac, thurp0 00000000     74612069 643d2249 44313122 20787369     ta idID11 xsi 00000010     3a747970 653d226e 73313a49 6e766f6b     typens1Invok 00000020     65417070 44617461 223e3c64 61746154     eAppDatagtltdataT ..... codepre  pAfter some internal processing by our application, we send 200 OK and HTTP Response.p  h1HTTP 200 OK Responseh1  precode 3209 bytes transmitted on interface en0  135001.041804849 ETHERNET packet  [ 001a64473c02 gt 00000c07ac32 ]  type 800  IP IP header breakdown     lt SRC       10.16.0.72 gt  un51sv01if0     lt DST    172.30.17.142 gt       ipv4, iphl20, iptos0, iplen3195, ipid60324, ipoff0     ipttl60, ipsumffff, ipp  6 TCP TCP header breakdown     ltsource port8081, destination port43574 gt     thseq3486085705, thack3771812741     thoff5, flagsltPUSH  ACKgt     thwin65535, thsum564, thurp0 00000000     48545450 2f312e31 20323030 204f4b0d     HTTP1.1 200 OK. 00000010     0a416363 6570743a 20746578 742f786d     .Accept textxm 00000020     6c2c2074 6578742f 68746d6c 2c20696d     l, texthtml, im 00000030     6167652f 6769662c 20696d61 67652f6a     agegif, imagej 00000040     7065672c 202a3b20 713d2e32 2c202a2f     peg,  q.2,  00000050     2a3b2071 3d2e320d 0a436f6e 74656e74      q.2..Content codepre  pPlease note from above that the length of packet received on en0 is 3209 for 200 OK HTTP Response which is actually the entire Response. But it is exceeding MTU of ethernet...p  pOur MTU value is default  1500 bytesp  precodeun51sv01 lsattr El en0 grep mtu mtu           1500          Maximum IP Packet Size for This Device     True codepre  pCan somebody throw light into why it is happening this wayp  precodeChange  Show Characteristics of an Ethernet Adapter  Type or select values in entry fields. Press Enter AFTER making all desired changes.                                                      [Entry Fields] Ethernet Adapter                                    ent0 Description                                         Logical Host Ethernet Port lphea Status                                              Available Location Request Transmit and Receive Jumbo Frames           no                                                                                       Enable hardware Transmit TCP segmentation           yes                                                                                      Enable receive TCP segment aggregation              yes                                                                                      Enable hardware Transmit checksum                   yes                                                                                      Enable hardware Receive checksum                    yes                                                                                      Requested media speed                               AutoNegotiation                                                                         Enable ALTERNATE ETHERNET address                   no                                                                                       ALTERNATE ETHERNET address                         [0x000000000000]                                                                          Apply change to DATABASE only                       no                                                                                       codepre  pThe above indicate Jumbo Frames are not enabled.p  pThanks, Saship
Negative 10594 pI have been working in an organization and recently purchased membership developer account and I was invited to join it and I joined.p  pAs I started creating certificate using CodeSigningRequest it created a new certificate. But when I am trying to add a new appid it saysp  blockquote   pAn unexpected error occurredp blockquote  pAnd when I am trying to create a new provisioning profile it saysp  blockquote   pAccess Unavailable   Your membership privileges do not include access to this page.   To view your current membership status and benefits, click View Account.p blockquote  pPlease let me know whether I need to be admin to create provisioning profiles or an appidp
Negative 10594 pI tried every solution possible , looked every answer at codestackoverflowcode but nothing worked. Here is my codesendmail.inicode file settingsbrp  precodesmtpserversmtp.gmail.com smtpport465 smtpsslauto authusernamemyemailgmail.com authpasswordpassword pop3server pop3username pop3password forcesendermyemailgmail.com forcerecipient hostnamelocalhost codepre  pand my codephp.inicode filebrp  precode[mail function]  XAMPP Comment out this if you want to work with an SMTP Server like Mercury  SMTP  smtp.gmail.com  smtpport  465   For Win32 only.  httpphp.netsendmailfrom sendmailfrom  sinc964gmail.com   XAMPP IMPORTANT NOTE 1 If XAMPP is installed in a base directory with spaces e.g. cprogram filesCxampp fakemail and mailtodisk do not work correctly.  XAMPP IMPORTANT NOTE 2 In this case please copy the sendmail or mailtodisk folder in your root folder e.g. Csendmail and use this for sendmailpath.    XAMPP Comment out this if you want to work with fakemail for forwarding to your mailbox sendmail.exe in the sendmail folder sendmailpath  Cxamppsendmailsendmail.exe t   XAMPP Comment out this if you want to work with mailToDisk, It writes all mails in the Cxamppmailoutput folder sendmailpathCxamppmailtodiskmailtodisk.exe codepre  pWhen I try to send a message using codecontactform7code plugin , codesendmail.execode pops up and stays there and this animation keeps on circling a hrefhttpprntscr.com7tbv7w relnofollowlinka.brI have wasted half of my day to just fix this problem , any help would be great.p  pstrongUpdatestrongbr I am using codesmtp4devcode software which is receiving the sent emails through localhost but emails are not being received either on google or yahoo.p
Negative 10594 precodeTestSubject private SDTaServiceTypeField toTest Mock private SDTaComponentTagField commponentTagField Mock private SDTaComponentTypeField commponentTypeField  Before public void setUp throws Exception      toTest  new SDTaServiceTypeFieldwrapper      injectMocksthis codepre  pAs per the above code i have two mocks needs to be used by other services not part of the test subject. As it is fitting to a Serializable instance its complaining p  pjava.lang.RuntimeException At least two mocks can be assigned to protected java.io.Serializable com.cisco.spvtg.rosa.vsm.common.tablefield.domain.PropertyDefBasedField.value EasyMock for class com.cisco.spvtg.rosa.vsm.common.lineup.config.dcm.sicomponents.SDTaComponentTagField and EasyMock for class com.cisco.spvtg.rosa.vsm.common.lineup.config.dcm.sicomponents.SDTaComponentTypeFieldp  pHow can i fix this p
Negative 10594 pIve recently been updating my knowledge of algorithms and have been reading up on suffix arrays. Every text Ive read has defined them as an array of suffixes over a single search string, but some articles have mentioned its trivial to generalize to an entire list of search strings, but I cant see how.p  pAssume Im trying to implement a simple substring search over a word list and wish to return a list of words matching a given substring. The naive approach would appear to be to insert the lexicographic end character  between words in my list, concatenate them all together, and produce a suffix tree from the result. But this would seem to generate large numbers of irrelevant entries. If I create a source string of bananamuffin then Ill end up generating suffixes for anamuffin which Ill never use.p  pId appreciate any hints as to how to do this right, or better yet, a pointer to some algorithm texts that handle this case.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to parse an xml document using the followingp  precodeXmlDocument doc  new XmlDocument  doc.LoadXml myXMLstring codepre  pI get the error p  blockquote   pThe type or namespace name XmlDocument could not be   found. Are you missing an assembly referencep blockquote  p..even though I have using System.Xmlp  pIm not sure what an assembly reference is. Im using Xamarin Studio. I see there are several folders for references. In the references folder for the base project I dont see an entry for System.Xmlp  pBut in individual platforms I do see System.Xml in there.p  pWhat can I do to get this error line to clearp
Negative 10594 pI know I goofed bad because google returned no results. Im dont know much about computers, but code0x00000blahcode looks like some memory address. And after a few refreshes, that number changes.p  pstrongEnvironmentstrong Django 1.8, Python 3.4, chrome, Win7p  pstrongExpected behaviorstrong I want to go to code..accountslogincode also known as in my urls codeurlrlogin, django.contrib.auth.views.login, nameloginHandlecode Enter in username, password, if it is registered it redirects to code..accountsprofilecode where it SHOULD render the template profile.html which would say something like codeHello  username  code. INSTEAD I get this ERRORp  blockquote   pTemplateDoesNotExist at accountsprofilep      pdjango.template.backends.django.Template object at 0x0000000004D0E400p blockquote  pstrongviews.pystrongp  precodedef profilerequest     profileTemplate  loader.gettemplateregistrationprofile.html     return renderrequest, profileTemplate,          Kitty 10,      codepre  pstrongTracebackstrongp  precodeUsing loader django.template.loaders.filesystem.Loader Duserskittypythonfirstdjangositetemplatesltdjango.template.backends.django.Template object at 0x0000000004D0E400gt File does not exist Using loader django.template.loaders.appdirectories.Loader DUserskittyPythonlibsitepackagesdjangocontribadmintemplatesltdjango.template.backends.django.Template object at 0x0000000004D0E400gt File does not exist DUserskittyPythonlibsitepackagesdjangocontribauthtemplatesltdjango.template.backends.django.Template object at 0x0000000004D0E400gt File does not exist Duserskittypythonfirstdjangositepollstemplatesltdjango.template.backends.django.Template object at 0x0000000004D0E400gt File does not exist Duserskittypythonfirstdjangositelogintemplatesltdjango.template.backends.django.Template object at 0x0000000004D0E400gt File does not exist Duserskittypythonfirstdjangositeaccountstemplatesltdjango.template.backends.django.Template object at 0x0000000004D0E400gt File does not exist codepre  pstrongPath Detailsstrongp  precodeDUsersKittyPythonFirstDjangoSiteaccountstemplatesgtdir s b ogn accounts registration accountsindex.html accountsinvalid.html accountsloggedin.html accountslogout.html registrationlogin.html registrationprofile.html codepre  pI have done loaders and renders before and they work fine. For instance, if I change the profileTemplate to the nonexistent registrationhelloworld.html it says p  blockquote   pTemplateDoesNotExist at accountsprofilep      pregistrationhelloworld.htmlp blockquote  pThanks for your time, please help Im babaffledp
Negative 10594 pIn this answer regarding a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma77531543424147PECL httpbuildurla, there is a snippet of code that includes a codecode operator. What does it do, and where can I learn more about itp  pFor examplep  precode HTTPURLSTRIPALL becomes all the HTTPURLSTRIPXs if flags amp HTTPURLSTRIPALL      flags  HTTPURLSTRIPUSER     flags  HTTPURLSTRIPPASS     flags  HTTPURLSTRIPPORT     flags  HTTPURLSTRIPPATH     flags  HTTPURLSTRIPQUERY     flags  HTTPURLSTRIPFRAGMENT  codepre
Negative 10594 pI want to tap 10GIB wires into a Linux box, receive all the packets and log some statistics.br The wires run between pairs of routers.br To my understanding I need some tapping hardware and use kernel bypass networking to accommodate the load.br The question is where do I start with hardware and with softwarep  pEDITbr kliteyn I want to measure stats around a service that runs in its own network, or subnetwork, behind a 10GE router, or IB switch. I want to measure outside the service network, closer to as clients see them.p  pIm not sure of the exact network setup, but Im sure I want a box of my own tapping the wire.br I recon I need some network tap hardware, like Niksun but without the software. You can see some products if you google 10 gig ethernet tap. But Im not sure how to chose one.br I want to plug it into a Linux box and get all the packets in my software, so I need full 10GE throughput, but what else I have a feeling Im missing somethingbrp  pOn the software side, how do I even start writing a kernel bypass software to capture all the packets from that tapbr I believe a raw socket would not help as it still goes through the kernel.br OFEDverbs api is good only for IB rightbr What other options are therep
Negative 10594 pI have a problem, trying to upload an strongUnity3dstrong build to test in appstore  Itunes Connect.p  pI use strongneatplugstrong plugins   FacebookSNS, AppleIAP.p  pwhen i choose IL2CPP scripting backend  to give support to strongARM64strong Architecture and try upload for testing. It doesnt works in strongIPAD Air crashstrong. and in Iphone is a bit lacking slow.   p  pusing  Unity 5.1.1p4 and 5.1.1p3  and  5.1.2f1, strongNOW I have apple macho linker errorsstrong and very much warnings in Xcode 6.3, 6.4p  pThanks alot  any help may be welcomep
Negative 10594 pI am trying to use Thymeleaf as an email templating tool. My idea is having a folder structure like this onep  pmyi18emailsfolderp  ol lipmyemailid1p  ul litemplate.htmlli litemplate.txtli litemplate.propertiesli litemplateesES.propertiesli litemplateen.propertiesli ulli lipmyemailid2p  ul litemplate.htmlli litemplate.txtli litemplate.propertiesli litemplateesES.propertiesli litemplateen.propertiesli ulli ol  pIn order to do that I am using an standard Spring Boot app with the following thymeleaf configp  precodefinal UrlTemplateResolver emailTemplateResolver  new UrlTemplateResolver emailTemplateResolver.setCacheablefalse emailTemplateResolver.setCharacterEncodingUTF8 emailTemplateResolver.setOrder1 emailTemplateResolver.setTemplateModeHTML5 emailTemplateResolver.setPrefixfilemylocalurl final SetltStringgt templatePatterns  new HashSetltStringgt templatePatterns.add.txt templatePatterns.add.html emailTemplateResolver.setHtml5TemplateModePatternstemplatePatterns this.templateEngine  new SpringTemplateEngine this.templateEngine.addTemplateResolveremailTemplateResolver codepre  pAnd I call to process this wayp  precodeThis one works this.templateEngine.processtemplateEmail.getId  template.html, new ContexttemplateEmail.getLocale, templateEmail.getVariablesAsMap This one not works         this.templateEngine.processtemplateEmail.getId  template.txt, new ContexttemplateEmail.getLocale, templateEmail.getVariablesAsMap codepre  pThe Html version is working great but the plain one does not detect my .properties files.p  pWhy is happening this There is an easier way to achieve my desired behaviourp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI am using MessageDialog  box for popup.but in this it shows only particular meaasge.I want to okcancel buttons with this popup.how to get these buttons.please any one help me.Thanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pIm logged in to my wordpressbuddypress site. Ive created makeshift users just to test things out. Whenever I got to a users page I have it encoded that PHP will grab the users displayname via bpgetdisplayeduserusername and then this info is passed to JavaScript wherein it is alerted to the screen. Implemented as suchp  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodephp code x  bpgetdisplayeduserusername codepre  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecode  javascript codedisregard underscores in php tags alert ltphp echo x  gt  codepre  pHowever when the page runs the alert box content merely displays a 0  Im stomped If anyone has some advice Id greatly appreciate it.p
Negative 10594 pI have a class where I use codeQPROPERTYcode to create properties. I also have defined codeQOBJECTcode in the beginning of my class definition. I however have NOT inherited codeQObjectcode, because that makes the class noncopyable and this gives me compile errors everywhere. Do I really need to inherit codeQObjectcode for the codeQPROPERTYcode to work And in that case  can I somehow go around the noncopyable issuep
Negative 10594 pFirst real time Ive tried to use Javascript in a Rails app, but nothing outside of alerts seem to be working for me.p  pWhat Im trying to do is get this a hrefhttpwww.w3schools.comjstryit.aspfilenametryjstimingclock relnofollowsimple clocka to run on my Rails app, pretty much copying the code where I thought it was supposed to go, but nothings working and all my searches are either too specific or dont seem to work.p  pI want the clock to be available sitewide but Ive also tried organizing it onto specific controllers and their views with the same amount of luck. p  pstrongapplication.jsstrongp  precode This is a manifest file thatll be compiled into application.js, which will include all the files  listed below.   Any JavaScriptCoffee file within this directory, libassetsjavascripts, vendorassetsjavascripts,  or any plugins vendorassetsjavascripts directory can be referenced here using a relative path.   Its not advisable to add code directly here, but if you do, itll appear at the bottom of the  compiled file.   Read Sprockets README httpsgithub.comrailssprocketssprocketsdirectives for details  about supported directives.   require jquery  require jqueryujs  require turbolinks  require bootstrapsprockets  requiretree .sitewide codepre  pstrongappsassetsjavascriptssitewidepages.jsstrongp  precodefunction startTime      var todaynew Date     var htoday.getHours     var mtoday.getMinutes     var stoday.getSeconds     m  checkTimem     s  checkTimes     document.getElementByIdtxt.innerHTML  hms     var t  setTimeoutfunctionstartTime,500   function checkTimei      if ilt10 i  0  i   add zero in front of numbers lt 10     return i  codepre  pstrongapplication.html.erbstrongp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt   lttitlegtClawklttitlegt   lt stylesheetlinktag    application, media all, dataturbolinkstrack gt true gt   lt javascriptincludetag application, dataturbolinkstrack gt true gt   lt csrfmetatags gt   ltheadgt ltbodygt   lt render sharednavbar gt  ltdiv classcontainerfluidgt  lt render sharedsidebar gt  ltdiv classcolsm9 colsmoffset3 colmd10 colmdoffset2 maingt ltdiv idtxtgtltdivgt lt yield gt ltdivgt ltdivgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI got a external library, which includes a derived class from QGLWidget, very similar to that one a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions31517566qtmousereleaseeventnottrigggeredherea. In that library I have a classp  precodeclass PictureGLWidget  public QGLWidget  ..  codepre  pThis extends Qts native QGLWidget and personalizes it. But it was not written by me, I just got it, via a .dll. So then, I bind that Widget manually in my code to a layout likep  precodeQGridLayout layout  new QGridLayout layoutgtaddWidgetmyPictureGLWidget, 0, 1 uigtverticalLayout5gtaddLayoutlayout codepre  psince I designed my MainWindowWidget with the integrated QtDesigner, which is by the way very comfortable, I would like to handle my myPictureGLWidget also in the QtDesigner, since I am currently redesigning the MainWindow.p  pIs there a way doing that Thnx in advancep
Negative 10594 pIm trying to use an AlertController to allow the user to return to the main menu, if a certain calculated value is exceeded. I know that using a simple segue will lead to memory problems.  Is there a way to use the popToRootViewController method in this situation instead of simply using a segue The compiler yells at me no doubt for good reasons, but gives me no useful suggestions. I know the problem stems from the handler for the Abort Fit action.  Can someone point me in the right direction  p  precodeoverride func viewDidLoad      super.viewDidLoad      if deltaK gt 2.25       var helpAlert  UIAlertControllertitle Stop, message Due  to high toricity, the fit should be aborted., preferredStyle .Alert       helpAlert.addActionUIAlertActiontitle Abort Fit, style UIAlertActionStyle.Default, handler  action in self.navigationController.popToRootViewControllerAnimatedtrue        helpAlert.addActionUIAlertActiontitle Continue, style UIAlertActionStyle.Default, handler nil         self.presentViewControllerhelpAlert, animated true, completion nil      codepre
Negative 10594 pI am facing an issue with data binding in a custom UserControl.p  pIt is pretty much an error dialog overlay that gets called on a button press if errors are found in the user inputs.p  pIn the control I have 2 objects, an exit button and a string list that contains the errors.p  pMy issue is that the list on the user control is set the first time the dialog visibility is set to true, and then doesnt refresh after that.  I am calling OnNotifyPropertyChange when I alter the list, but it still seems to make no difference.p  pMy MainContent XAML UserContent Section.p  precodeltGrid xNameOverlay Panel.ZIndex1000  VisibilityBinding PathShowOverlay, ConverterStaticResource booltoVis,FallbackValueHidden  Grid.Row2 Grid.RowSpan2gt         ltGrid.Backgroundgt             ltSolidColorBrush ColorBlack Opacity.5gt         ltGrid.Backgroundgt          ltViewUserControl1gt              ltViewUserControl1.MainContentgt                 ltListBox ItemsSourceBinding PathErrorMessageList, ModeTwoWay gt             ltViewUserControl1.MainContentgt              ltViewUserControl1.DialogExitButtongt                 ltButton CommandBinding PathCloseModalDialogClickCommand ContentOKgt                 ltButtongt             ltViewUserControl1.DialogExitButtongt          ltViewUserControl1gt     ltGridgt codepre  pMy User Control binding XAMLp  precodeltGrid Margin5 BackgroundWhitegt     ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt         ltRowDefinition Height0.1gt         ltRowDefinition Height0.6gt         ltRowDefinition Height0.2gt     ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt     ltTextBlock TextError in script generation FontWeightBoldgt     ltContentControl ContentBinding MainContent, ElementNameXAMLErrorPopupControl Grid.Row1gt     ltContentControl ContentBinding DialogExitButton, ElementNameXAMLErrorPopupControl Grid.Row2 Margin224,0,0,0gt ltGridgt codepre  pMy User Control codebehindp  precode    public static readonly DependencyProperty MainContentProperty          DependencyProperty.Register             MainContent,              typeofobject,              typeofUserControl1,             new FrameworkPropertyMetadatadefaultobject,                    FrameworkPropertyMetadataOptions.BindsTwoWayByDefault      public object MainContent              get  return objectGetValueMainContentProperty          set  SetValueMainContentProperty, value OnPropertyChangedMainContent            public static readonly DependencyProperty DialogExitButtonProperty          DependencyProperty.Register             DialogExitButton,              typeofobject,              typeofUserControl1,              new UIPropertyMetadatanull      public object DialogExitButton              get  return objectGetValueDialogExitButtonProperty          set  SetValueDialogExitButtonProperty, value OnPropertyChangedDialogExitButton       codepre  pAny help would be much appreciated Cheersp
Negative 10594 pIm drawing some TLineSeries on a TChart, I set values with thisp  pcodeserie.AddIncMinutenow,j,Random100,My Label,clBluecodep  pAnd then I showing values on event ChartToolset1DataPointCrosshairTool1AfterMouseMove.p  pI get X and Y value withp  pcodey  Serie.GetYValuetool.PointIndex mydate  Serie.GetXValuetool.PointIndexcodep  pAnd now I need to recover the value of the label and I cannot find how to do this, I need to get My Label, but maybe Im wrong and this is impossible.p  pThank you.p
Negative 10594 pI need to store both strongtimestrong and strongdatestrong in the mysql. So I used of codeNOWcode function for that. But I dont know what should I use for emtype columnem im phpmyadmin. It should be noted that codeNOWcode returns both time and date like thisp  precode20141111 124534 codepre  pHere is a solution, I can use of a separator for separating date and time code20141111code and code124534code and then store them in the DATE type and TIME type individually. Or I can use of VARCHAR type for storing both of them in one column. But I think these ways are not standard. what is standard type for storing both date and time p  pHere is my query also I dont know why codeNOWcode function does not worksp  precodeINSERT INTO table timedate VALUES NOW codepre
Negative 10594 pI believe my error is within my codewritelinecode function, when I attempt to write the contents of the vector to the new file using a codewhilecode loop. p  precodeRead from txt file, write to new text file  includeltiostreamgt includeltfstreamgt includeltvectorgt includeltstringgt includeltalgorithmgt using namespace std  void readline void sortlinevectorltstringgtamp sortthis void writelinevectorltstringgtamp list  int main      readline     systempause     return 0   void readline      string line     vectorltstringgt lines     ifstream myfileclasses.txt     if myfile.isopen              while myfile.good                      getlinemyfile, line             lines.pushbackline                  myfile.close          cout ltlt readline has run ltlt endl     sortlinelines     writelinelines   void  sortlinevectorltstringgtamp sortthis      sortsortthis.begin, sortthis.end   void  writelinevectorltstringgtamp list      ofstream myfile2new.txt     if myfile2.isopen              int i  0         whilei list.size1                      myfile2 ltlt list[i] ltlt endl             i                  myfile2.close           cout ltlt writeline has run ltlt endl  codepre  pthis is a project from a semester ago that im revisiting. I wrote the program on my mac, now im trying to run it on my windows comp with visual studio. Ill describe what Im attempting to do, I apologize if my choice of words is terrible in advance. anywhere I put a  is where Im not sure what is happening, but Ill take a stab at it.. any explanations of my code is very appreciatedp  pmy readline function does the following creates a string called line, creates a vector of string type called lines, input the file classes.txt and establish myfile as its object, then open myfile for writing, use the while loop to write the lines from the txt into the myfile object, then close myfile, print out a statement to let the user know readline has run, then pass the vector called lines into the sortline function, and then pass lines into the writeline function.p  p sortline takes in a vector of strings as its arg, and assigns it the object sortthis then Im not sure what happens, but it looks like i applied a sorting algorithm, anybody have any thoughtsp  pand finally we get to my writeline function which takes in a vector of strings as its arg and assigns them the name lines is that correct i then want to establish a new out file stream to a new textfile called new.txt with an object name myfile2, if myfile2 is open, then i want to write all the lines from the vector of stringswhich contain the contents of the original text file into myfile2, which will write them to the new.txt file, then close myfile2, print a message stating the function has run, and that is all.  p
Negative 10594 pI have the following PHP code When it is commented out as it is now from just after the comment  ... more stuff in here to the end of that comment block, my page renders html from that 2nd php block as expected as in this screenshot. p  pIf I uncomment that block it renders like the screenshot after the code below which is not what I want I want the rendered html as in the first screenshot. The only thing not showing in my comment block is a function call that curls a webpage, parses html with DomXNode types of things, and returns an array with 3 elements. How can I get the original rendering of the html back and what am I possibly doing that is ruining that for me I tried echo instead of print and that makes no difference.p  pI honestly did search for the answer on here and found lots of pages describing how do do just the opposite of what I want so emplease be gentle with meem. I was surprised that I couldnt find a similar question and I know there has to be an easy answer here. Thanksp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.compZoLd.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.compZoLd.png altscreenshota    p  precodeltphp   ... more stuff in here          include....includescurlfx.php       if doAppend  parcel          lines  explodePHPEOL, Data         foreachlines as line            ifstrposline, http gt 0              start  striposstrvalline, http             fullLength  strlenline             urlLength  fullLength  start             fullUrl  substrline, start, urlLength             arraySDAT  getSDATfullUrl             line . ,  . arraySDAT[0] . ,  . arraySDAT[1] . ,  . arraySDAT[2] . n             fwriteHandle, line                                       gt     ltphp        if DataAdded  true          print lth2gtYourFile.txtlth2gtData has been added.ltbr gtClose this window or tab to return to the web map.ltbr gt        else          print Data may not have been added. Check the file.ltbr gt              fcloseHandle       print doAppendAnswer       print ltbr gt      gt codepre  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com5G2sF.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com5G2sF.png altenter image description hereap  pstrongEDITstrong Here is the function.p  precodeltphp  function getSDAT fullUrl     ch  curlinitfullUrl   if  ch      die Cannot allocate a new PHPCURL handle       curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, 1    data  curlexecch   headerContenttype text   curlclosech    libxmluseinternalerrorstrue   libxmlclearerrors    doc  DOMDocumentloadHTMLdata   xpath  new DOMXPathdoc    ownName1query  tabletrtdspan[idMainContentMainContentcphMainContentAreaucSearchTypewzrdRealPropertySearchucDetailsSearchdlstDetaisSearchlblOwnerName0][classtext]   ownName2query  tabletrtdspan[idMainContentMainContentcphMainContentAreaucSearchTypewzrdRealPropertySearchucDetailsSearchdlstDetaisSearchlblOwnerName20][classtext]   ownAddrquery  tabletrtdspan[idMainContentMainContentcphMainContentAreaucSearchTypewzrdRealPropertySearchucDetailsSearchdlstDetaisSearchlblMailingAddress0][classtext]    entries  xpathgtqueryownName1query   foreachentries as entry      ownname1  entrygtnodeValue       entries  xpathgtqueryownName2query   foreachentries as entry      ownname2  entrygtnodeValue       entries  xpathgtqueryownAddrquery   pattern  ltbrsgti   replacement  ,    i0   foreachentries as entry      ownAddr  entrygtnodeValue     ifentrygtchildNodes  0        ownAddr  docgtsaveHTMLentry                ownAddr2  pregreplacepattern, replacement, ownAddr, 15, count  replace ltbrgt with a comma     ownAddr3  striptagsownAddr2       return arrayownname1, ownname2, ownAddr3  codepre
Negative 10594 pI am having trouble compiling a function due to implicit conversions.  I have the following base case classesp  precodesealed abstract class Expr0[T]implicit ev VectorSpace0[T] extends ID ... case class Neg0[T]e Expr0[T]implicit ev VectorSpace0[T] extends Expr0[T]  ... codepre  pThen in an object I have the following functionp  precode  def simplify[T]e Expr0[T]implicit ev VectorSpace0[T] Expr0[T]       def sexpr Expr0[T]implicit ev VectorSpace0[T] Result[Boolean, T]  expr match         case Neg0e                            gt          val re  se         val ne  Neg0.applyre.e         if re.r new TRne else FRne codepre  pThe code above compiles correctly with no problem. Now I want to create a function that will execute that sequence of statements in the case. So I created the following helper function p  precode  def C[T]f Expr0[T] gt Expr0[T], re Result[Boolean, T]implicit ev VectorSpace0[T]       val ne  fre.e if re.r new TRne else FRne    codepre  pAnd now I try to use sop  precode  def simplify[T]e Expr0[T]implicit ev VectorSpace0[T] Expr0[T]       def sexpr Expr0[T]implicit ev VectorSpace0[T] Result[Boolean, T]  expr match         case Neg0e                            gt          CNeg0.apply, se codepre  pand I get the errorp  precode srcmainscalaannunitExpr0.scala412 No member of type class ann.uinit.VectorSpace in scope for T         CNeg0.apply, se                 codepre  pI have been poking and prodding this for several hours but no luck. I think the problem here is with the definition of codeC[T]code 3rd code snippet. Maybe I have to add something to the definition of the first parameter codefcode, which is a function, so that the implicit codeTcode is correctly determined. p  pCan anyone advise me on how to correct or further diagnose this problemp  pTIAp
Negative 10594 pIm trying to create a new XTS object for a set of intraday FX data. The initial dataframe is called onedayseries and looks like thisp  precode      pair    id         datetime                bid     ask      midprice 1   USDCAD 485194239    20090803 080000.451 1.07679 1.07699 1.07689 codepre  pThe command I use to create an XTS object is as followsp  precodemyxts lt xtsonedayseries[,6], as.POSIXctstrptimeonedayseries[,3], Ymd HMS codepre  pI get an XTS object out of this however the time has been reset to 000002, an examplep  precode     row.names            V1 1   20090803 000002 1.07591 codepre  pI just want the time to be created correctly from the dataframe so I would be grateful if someone could help me understand what is going wrong here  p
Negative 10594 pIm aware of the following Trim Model Binder example for MVC, but how to do the same for Web Api a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1718501aspnetmvcbestwaytotrimstringsafterdataentryshouldicreateacustoASP.NET MVC Best way to trim strings after data entry.  Should I create a custom model binderap
Negative 10594 pHow to save a list into sql Assume the list contains 1,2,3,0,0 and I want them saved into table preferences,which has 5 columnpre1,pre2,pre3,pre4,pre5. How can I do that p  precode public void addPreListltIntegergtpreferences throws Exception             DatabaseConnection dbnew DatabaseConnection             Connection connectdb.getConnection             String sqlInsert into preferencesPre1,Pre2,Pre3,Pre4,Pre5VALUES ,,,,              PreparedStatement psconnect.prepareStatementsql             forint i0iltpreferences.sizei                                   ps.setInti1,preferences[i]                            ps.executeUpdate             connect.close             ps.close          codepre
Negative 10594 pbumpp  precode ltphp  defineDBNAME, x defineDBUSER, x defineDBPASSWORD, x defineDBHOST, localhost  link  mysqlconnectDBHOST, DBUSER, DBPASSWORD  if link      dieCould not connect  . mysqlerror   dbselected  mysqlselectdbDBNAME, link  if dbselected      dieCant use . DBNAME .   . mysqlerror   value  POST[UserName] value1  POST[UserEmail] value2  POST[UserMessage]  sql  INSERT INTO ContactUs UserName, UserEmail, UserMessage VALUES value, value1, value2   if mysqlquerysql      dieError  . mysqlerror   mysqlclose  gt codepre  pHi there guys this is my PHP for a contact form. It connect succesfully as I ran some tests at various points to see if it worked however it does not seem to submit to the database. Can anyone help me.p  pI have also attached blow the actual snippet of code for the contact form its in a modal boxp  precodeltdiv class  modal fade id  contact roledialoggt ltdiv class  modaldialoggt ltdiv class  modalcontentgt ltdiv class  modalheadergt lth4gtContact formlth4gt ltdivgt ltdiv class  modalbodygt ltpgtHELLO HELLO HELLO HELLOltpgt ltdivgt    ltdiv classformgroupgt ltform actionContactUs.php methodpostgt   ltdiv classformgroupgt  ltlabel forUserEmailgtEmail addressltlabelgt  ltinput typetext classformcontrol idUserEmail nameUserEmail placeholderWhat is your EMailgt  ltdivgt  ltdiv classformgroupgt  ltlabel forUserNamegtNameltlabelgt  ltinput typetext classformcontrol idUserName nameUserName placeholderWhat is your namegt  ltdivgt  ltdiv classformgroupgt  ltlabel forUserMessagegtMessageltlabelgt  ltinput typetext classformcontrol idUserMessage nameUserMessage placeholderWhat would you like to saygt  ltdivgt  ltinput typeSubmit valueSubmit classbtn btndefaultgtSubmitltbuttongt  ltformgt ltdivgt  ltdiv class  modalfootergt lta class  btn btndefault datadismiss  modalgtCloseltagt lta class  btn btnprimary datadismiss  modalgtCloseltagt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pSeing how this is a contact form I simply want the information to be sent to my email, if anyone could tell me whether this is suitable that would be great [if its not how to adjust it to make it so]. I used a video tutorial [link below] but he only mentioned how to store into the database.p  pa hrefhttpswww.youtube.comwatchvwp6Ngpk5XiY relnofollowhttpswww.youtube.comwatchvwp6Ngpk5XiYa p
Negative 10594 pI need to convert a value to a different datatype in sql. And as I know I can use any of the codeCONVERTcode, codeTRYCONVERTcode, codePARSEcode and codeTRYPARSEcode built in functions for that.p  precodeSELECT      CONVERTDECIMAL18,2,12  SELECT      TRYCONVERTDECIMAL18,2,12  SELECT      PARSE12 AS DECIMAL18,2  SELECT      TRYPARSE12 AS DECIMAL18,2 SELECT      CAST12 AS DECIMAL18,2 codepre  pWhat I need to clarify is, among the above mentioned methods, strongperformance wisestrong what is the best method to convert some value to a different data typep
Negative 10594 pI want to change the codenavbarbrandcode so that the two words are two separate colors. I am having trouble doing that at the moment as no matter what CSS I use it doesnt seem to change the color. The padding I used does take effect so it is targeting it, just not changing the color. Could anyone help me with what I need to do p  precodeltnav classnavbar navbarinverse navbarfluid rolenavigationgt ltdiv classcontainergt     ltdiv classnavbarheadergt         ltbutton typebutton classnavbartoggle collapsed datatogglecollapse datatargetnavbar ariaexpandedfalse ariacontrolsnavbargt             ltspan classsronlygtToggle navigationltspangt             ltspan classiconbargtltspangt             ltspan classiconbargtltspangt             ltspan classiconbargtltspangt         ltbuttongt         lta classnavbarbrand hrefgtltdiv classtranslationgtTRANSLATIONltdivgtltdiv classcommonsgtCOMMONSltdivgtltagt     ltdivgt     ltdiv idnavbar classnavbarcollapse collapsegt         ltul classnav navbarnav nav pullrightgt             ltligt                 lta hrefgtHomeltagt             ltligt             ltligt                 lta hrefgtRegisterltagt             ltligt             ltligt                 lta hrefgtLog Inltagt             ltligt             ltligt                 lta hrefgtAboutltagt             ltligt             ltligt                 lta hrefgtContactltagt             ltligt             ltligt                 lta hrefgtDonateltagt             ltligt         ltulgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 10594 pMy Excel spreadsheets passes 7 parameters to a SQL Server 2012 Stored Procedure.  When I attempt to run on SharePoint 2013 gallery I receive error message and must open Excel 2010 in this case.  I need to filter 1.7 million records upon opening the spreadsheet  how can I do this  thanks.p
Negative 10594 pIm trying to run a hrefhttpsgithub.comgooglegoogleapijavaclientsamplesblobmasterpredictioncmdlinesamplesrcmainjavacomgoogleapiservicessamplespredictioncmdlinePredictionSample.java relnofollowPredictionSamplea in googleapijavaclientsamples. But I get import error. Project cant find Training.java file in google client library. I have imported all the required libraries and included in class path.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com76ytb.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com76ytb.png altenter image description hereap  pHere I get error.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comU1Te4.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comU1Te4.png altenter image description hereap  pI tried in google to find similar situation but only found one unresolved question.p  pSo where did I miss Thanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pIs there anyway to display overlay ads  like AdSense, some other ad network ads  in Video.js Playerp  pI tried overlay plug in, but its displaying only simple html, not codeltscriptgtcode.p  pI want to add codeltscriptgtcode tag in overlay ads.p  pThank youp
Negative 10594 pI hear that you are better off serving static assets from NGINX or another server and not your Node.js application server.p  pI have a singlepage application that, in production mode, serves only one optimized .js file from the index page, and from there on out the server just serves a JSON API to the client.p  pSo from what I gather it would be a good idea to serve that one .js file from a static assets server.p  pHere is the first and only HTML file I serve when the client hits the URL of my appp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt      lt stylesheetsgt     ltlink hrefstaticcssbootstrapbootstrapnotify.css relstylesheetgt  ltheadgt  ltbodygt  ltmaingt     ltdiv namemaindiv idmaindividgtltdivgt ltmaingt  lt ifenv  development gt  ltscript datamainstaticappjsmain srcstaticvendorrequire.jsgtltscriptgt  lt  else  gt   ltscript srcstaticappoptimizedoptimized.jsgtltscriptgt  lt  gt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pso my question is, how do I configure this standard application to require the optimized.js file from NGINX is it as simple as putting the URL of the NGINX server asset anyone have a good example of thisp
Negative 10594 pI have the following JS code that I am placing on the top of my view file. I need to use coderegisterJScode because right now Yii2 loads jQuery after my script. Note that all questions on coderegisterJScode load an external file.p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt document.readyfunction      filter.hide     a.viewmore1.liveclick, functione          var views           .views inputchecked.eachfunction              views  this.value,                  offset  document.getElementByIdoffset.value         var record  document.getElementByIdrecord.value         var record1  document.getElementByIdrecord1.value         var url  ltphp echo URL gt  productsallproducts1offset  offset  amprecord  recordampviewsviewsampmainltphp echo cat gtampsubltphp echo subcat gtampsecltphp echo seccat gtampthirdltphp echo thirdcat gtampprice1pricetext         .posturl, functioncheck              if check                  product.appendcheck                 loading.show                 .wloaderimg.hide                 offset  parseIntoffset  12                 offset.valoffset                 if offset gt record1                      loading.hide                      ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI try to make a screenshot of WKWebView is OS X app and get completely empty screenshot. This code works fine with original WebView but does not works with WKWebView.p  precodeNSView view  webView NSRect bounds  [view bounds]  NSBitmapImageRep bitmapdata  [view bitmapImageRepForCachingDisplayInRect bounds] [webView cacheDisplayInRect bounds toBitmapImageRep bitmapdata] codepre  pAny ideas how to fixp
Negative 10594 pDoes anyone know how to plot the circular progress bar in MATLAB. Something like thisp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comAZ5Sa.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAZ5Sa.png altenter image description hereap
Negative 10594 pIm setting up a node.js api using express, bodyparser and mysql. p  pWhenever I make a get request to a route for the first time, I get a blank return. If I fire it a second time, I get the desired return.p  pHere is the basic setup...p  pserver.jsp  precodevar express     requireexpress        var app         express                 var bodyParser  requirebodyparser   include the model var Tasks  require.modelstasks.js    configure api to use bodyParser  this will let us get the data from a POST app.usebodyParser.urlencoded extended true  app.usebodyParser.json  var port  process.env.PORT  8080          var router  express.Router              middleware to use for all requests router.usefunctionreq, res, next         do logging     console.logreq     next  make sure we go to the next routes and dont stop here   router.routetasks   on routes that end in taskstaskid   router.routetaskstaskid       get the task by id accessed as GET     .getfunctionreq, res          Tasks.setProjectIdreq.params.taskid         Tasks.setResultreq.params.taskid          var tasks  Tasks.getTasksByProjectId          res.jsontasks         app.usev1, router   START THE SERVER app.listenport console.logMagic happens on port   port codepre  pand here is tasks.jsp  precode include the db require..db.js  var projectid, result  module.exports.setProjectId  functionpid      projectid  pid   module.exports.setResult  functionpid      connection.connect     connection.querySELECT  FROM tasks WHERE projectid    pid, functionerr, rows, fields          if err throw err         result  rows          connection.end   module.exports.getTasksByProjectId  function     return result  codepre  pany ideas why the blank return on the first requestp  pThanksp
Negative 10594 pI got confused on how to achieved what I have in my mind. I hope someone might give light on what Im going to do. I have categories, primary and sub categories. Primary categories have multiple sub categories. I think my data pulling is not a problem, displaying the data is my problem. My data is likep  ol lipFoo Primaryp  ul liFoo1 Subli liFoo2 Subli ulli lipFaa p  ul liFaa1li liFaa2li liFaa3li ulli lipFeep  ul liFee1li liFee2li liFee3li ulli lipFuupli ol  pand so on.p  pMy expected result will be like a hrefhttpjsfiddle.nety9qj4gm57 relnofollowthisap  pSo far, my code isp  precodeltdiv classcolxs4gt              foreach var item in Model                      var isPrimary  item.IsPrimary    colxsoffset1             var isHeader  item.IsPrimary  bolder               ltdiv classcheckbox checkboxinfo isPrimarygt                 ltinput typecheckbox iditem.Keygt                 ltlabel foritem.Keygt                     ltspan stylefontweight isHeadergtitem.Nameltspangt                 ltlabelgt             ltdivgt               ltdivgt codepre  pIn my codeModelcode there is a tagging of booleancodeIsPrimarycode if the item is primary or not. I got confused in codeltdiv classcolxs4gtcode part on how to loop for every primary with corresponding sub category.p  pThanks for helping.p  pbUPDATEb Its now displaying accordingly using code belowp  precodeltform roleformgt     for var i  0 i lt Model.Count i              ltdiv classcolxs4gt             ltdiv classcheckbox checkboxinfogt                 Html.CheckBoxForm gt m[i].IsSelected, new id  Model[i].Key                 ltlabel forModel[i].KeygtltbgtModel[i].Nameltbgtltlabelgt             ltdivgt             for var g  0 g lt Model[i].SubsCategories.Count g                              ltdiv classcheckbox checkboxinfo colxsoffset1gt                     Html.CheckBoxForm gt m[i].SubsCategories[g].IsSelected, new id  Model[i].SubsCategories[g].Key                     ltlabel forModel[i].SubsCategories[g].KeygtModel[i].SubsCategories[g].Nameltlabelgt                 ltdivgt                      ltdivgt      ltformgt codepre  piNotei By any chance youll also encounter the problem of the checkbox is not working using the codeawesomebootstrapcheckboxcode, because of the auto  generated hidden input field of CheckBoxFor. Just change the codetildecode codecode in css. From codechecked  labelaftercode to codechecked  labelaftercodep
Negative 10594 pI wrote a script to add maps to my website. It is as follows  p  precodeltscriptgt         function initialize              var mapCanvas  document.getElementByIdmap             var mapOptions                   center new google.maps.LatLng12.9583182, 77.6398512,                 zoom 8,                 mapTypeId google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP                          var map  new google.maps.MapmapCanvas, mapOptions                  google.maps.event.addDomListenerwindow, load, initialize         ltscriptgt   codepre  pstrongcodeHTML codecodestrong  p  precodeltscript srchttpsmaps.googleapis.commapsapijsgtltscriptgt ltdiv idmapgt ltdivgt   codepre  pstrongcodecsscodestrong  p  precode map     width 500px     height 400px    codepre  pI added this code for pin pointing a location p  precodevar map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmap, mapOptions             give latitude and long         var myLatlng  new google.maps.LatLng12.9583182, 77.6398512         var marker  new google.maps.Marker             position myLatlng,             map map,             title Bangalore              codepre  pBut when I used that code, map on my page disappeared. How can I make it to work p
Negative 10594 pplease have a look into my code first.p  pThis is strongmy test classstrong which is strongcreating 2000 of threadsstrong and those threads are sending messages.p  precodepublic class MessageSenderMultipleThreadMock      Autowired     MessageList message     Autowired     MessageSender sender      public boolean process throws InterruptedException           for int i  0 i lt 2000 i              new Threadnew Runnable                   Override                 public void run                       String routingkey  operation                              UUID.randomUUID.toString                     String queueName  UUID.randomUUID.toString                      message.setSenderThread.currentThread.getName                     try                          sender.sendMessageroutingkey, queueName,                                 this is message                      catch InvalidMessagingParameters e                          e.printStackTrace                                                    .start             Thread.sleep1000                   Thread.currentThread         Thread.sleep10000         return true       codepre  pstrongMessage Senderstrongp  pthis is my main message sender class p  precode    Service public class MessageSender       Autowired     private RabbitTemplate rabbitTemplate     Autowired     private MessageList message     String queueName       String routingKey       Autowired     private QueueCreationService service     private boolean messageSentFlag     String returnedMessage       private Logger log  LoggerFactory.getLoggerMessageSender.class.getName      public boolean sendMessageString routingKey, String queueName,             String messageToBeSent throws InvalidMessagingParameters          if routingKey  null ampamp queueName  null                  routingKey.equalsIgnoreCase  queueName                         .equalsIgnoreCase             throw new InvalidMessagingParametersroutingKey, queueName          else              this.routingKey  routingKey             this.queueName  queueName                  service.processBindingqueueName, routingKey         message.addMessagesmessageToBeSent         return execute                  overloaded sendMessage method will use requestMap . RequestMap includes       queueName and routingKey that controller provides.           public boolean sendMessageMapltString, Stringgt requestMap             throws MessagingConnectionFailsException,             InvalidMessagingParameters          this.queueName  requestMap.getqueue         this.routingKey  requestMap.getroutingkey         if routingKey  null ampamp queueName  null                  routingKey.equalsIgnoreCase  queueName                         .equalsIgnoreCase             throw new InvalidMessagingParametersroutingKey, queueName         service.processBindingqueueName, routingKey         preparingMessagingTemplate         return execute           private boolean execute          for int i  0 i lt 5 ampamp messageSentFlag i              executeMessageSending                  return messageSentFlag           private String convertMessageToJsonMessageList message          ObjectWriter ow  new ObjectMapper.writer                 .withDefaultPrettyPrinter         String json           try              json  ow.writeValueAsStringmessage          catch JsonProcessingException e              e.printStackTrace                  return json           private void executeMessageSending          rabbitTemplate.convertAndSendR.EXCHANGENAME, routingKey,                 convertMessageToJsonmessage, new CorrelationDataUUID                         .randomUUID.toString            private void preparingMessagingTemplate          rabbitTemplate.setMandatorytrue         rabbitTemplate.setReturnCallbacknew ReturnCallback              Override             public void returnedMessageMessage message, int replyCode,                     String replyText, String exchange, String routingKey                  returnedMessage  replyText                               rabbitTemplate.setConfirmCallbacknew ConfirmCallback              Override             public void confirmCorrelationData correlationData, boolean ack,                     String cause                  System.out.println  ack                  if ack ampamp returnedMessage.equalsIgnoreCaseNOROUTE                      messageSentFlag  ack                     log.infomessage   message.toString                               from Operation   this.getClass.getName                                has been successfully delivered                  else                      log.infomessage   message.toString                               from Operation   this.getClass.getName                               has not been delivered                                               codepre  pstrongMy configuration classstrong which is used by messagingp  precode    Configuration     ComponentScancom.gatcbiotech.blueberry.     PropertySourceclasspathapplication.properties  public class MessageConfiguration       String content       Valuerabbitmqhost     String host       String port       Valuerabbitmqusername     String userName       Valuerabbitmqpassword     String password       String queueName       InputStream input  null      Autowired     public MessageConfiguration            Bean     Scopeprototype     public RabbitTemplate rabbitTemplate          RabbitTemplate template  new RabbitTemplateconnectionFactory         return template           Bean     Scopeprototype     public QueueCreationService service          return new QueueCreationService           Bean     Scopeprototype     public RabbitAdmin admin          return new RabbitAdminconnectionFactory           Bean     public ConnectionFactory connectionFactory          CachingConnectionFactory connectionFactory  new CachingConnectionFactory                 this.host         connectionFactory.setUsernameuserName         connectionFactory.setPasswordpassword         connectionFactory.setPublisherConfirmstrue         connectionFactory.setPublisherReturnstrue         return connectionFactory        codepre  pstrongMy Problems strongp  ol lipAs i can see on server some threads are successfully delivering messages and others not.pli lipthere is completely no certainity of rabbitTemplate listener p  prabbitTemplate.setReturnCallbacknew ReturnCallback pli ol  pi need listener to work everytime because on that basis i will try to send message again p  precode    private boolean execute      for int i  0 i lt 5 ampamp messageSentFlag i          executeMessageSending          return messageSentFlag  codepre  pi can see sometimes messages are being delivered 5 times because strongmessageSentFlagstrong is false and which becomes true only in Confirm listener.p  ol start3 liPlease tell me how to delete queuesbecause i have 8000 of them ,i saw one method in rabbitAdmin for deleting queue but it need queues name and my queues are just any random queueUUIDli ol  pplease provide me your thoughts , how can i improve it or is there any work around For my application multithreading environment is must.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 10594 pI have a Qt application compiled with MinGW 32bit. p  pIt works on all our windows machines but one. On this machine, upon launching the application it briefly shows up under Processes in the windows task manager, but then disappears.  The application window is never shown, nor is any error message.p  pAny ideas on how to possibly debug this I have absolutely no information on what is happening it just doesnt start. p
Negative 10594 pSome backstory here a hrefhttpserverfault.comquestions714273curlreturningerror52or56withrestapicallspanningmorethan5minuteshttpserverfault.comquestions714273curlreturningerror52or56withrestapicallspanningmorethan5minutesap  pSo, I have this REST API call that I need to make via PHP and the only way I can get it to work via the CLI is setting the codekeepalivetimecode for CURL. So how do I do that in PHP Here is the censored for creds working API call via CURL directlyp  precodecurl maxtime 600 k o dump.txt connecttimeout 0 keepalivetime 30 traceascii trace.txt tracetime X GET H tenantcode 1cmPx7tqVDVTdN1GSelwycFUmICmASnLCmNQsV72 H Authorization Basic JxHAsXeUiHMRkS8Msiu6pWb3PvY20p6am3QvXCY3knXTAntlxTBS3EyEDgly H ContentType applicationjson H CacheControl nocache httpsapi.endpoint.comAPIv1systemuserssearchgroupid555 codepre  pThe codemaxtimecode and codeconnecttimeoutcode values dont seem to matter as much as long as they are within bounds of what I need but the codekeepalivetimecode seems to be required to get the data back from the call. Here is some test code I am usingp  precodeltphp url  httpsapi.endpoint.comAPIv1systemuserssearchgroupid555 session  curliniturl curlsetoptsession,CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, true curlsetoptsession,CURLOPTTIMEOUT, 600 curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, true curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTAUTOREFERER, true curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTFOLLOWLOCATION, true curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTVERBOSE, true curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTCONNECTTIMEOUT, 0 curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTNOPROGRESS, false  curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTFORBIDREUSE, true curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTFRESHCONNECT, true headers  array         tenantcode 1cmPx7tqVDVTdN1GSelwycFUmICmASnLCmNQsV72,         Authorization Basic JxHAsXeUiHMRkS8Msiu6pWb3PvY20p6am3QvXCY3knXTAntlxTBS3EyEDgly,         CacheControl nocache,         Accept applicationjson         curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTHTTPHEADER, headers output  curlexecsession httpcode  curlgetinfosession, CURLINFOHTTPCODE curlclosesession vardumphttpcode, output, session, headers, url gt codepre  pI added codecurlsetoptsession, CURLOPTFORBIDREUSE, truecode and codecurlsetoptsession, CURLOPTFRESHCONNECT, truecode for testing but they dont seem to have any effect on my issue. So what is needed to get this handled by CURL in PHPp
Negative 10594 pI am trying to run the following line of code in Rp  precodenew lt data.framenewdb,                  ifelsenewdbcentile gt0 amp newdbcentile lt 3,1,                 ifelsenewdbcentile gt3 amp newdbcentile lt 6,2,                        ifelsenewdbcentile gt6 amp newdbcentile lt 9,3,4 codepre  pBut i am getting the following errorp  blockquote   pError unexpected  in ifelsenewdbcentile 6 amp newdbcentile lt 9,3,4p blockquote
Negative 10594 pI have a GUI which is organized as followsp  precodeself  Frame   mainframe  Frame     hierview  scrolled Treeview Treeview  scrollbars     fpview  scrolled Canvas Canvas  scrollbars   statusbar codepre  pIn the codehierviewcode above, I display some items, and I have a codepopupmenucode that displays something in the codefpviewcodes codeCanvascode. Everything works fine if the windows are resized and the drawing in the codeCanvascode uses the resized dimensions. p  pI would like to replace the drawings for each item in a different codeCanvascode window organized as pages in a codettk.Notebookcode. If I replace the codefpviewcode with a notebook and then add scrolled canvas as a child of the notebook in response to events in the codehierviewcode window, the drawing does not scale with the canvas. p  pWhen I add the page to the notebook, I use codestickynewscode. p  pAny help would be appreciated.p
Negative 10594 pI just started using mapbox. Id like to know if I can open via javascript the search box field there. Additionally, can I set focus to itp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comw1Tl7.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comw1Tl7.jpg altenter image description hereap
Negative 10594 pHow can I hide text after two click on text in jQueryp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt     ltheadgt         ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.3jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscriptgt             document.readyfunction                 p.clickfunction                     this.hideslow                                       ltscriptgt     ltheadgt     ltbodygt         ltpgtIf you click on me, I will disappear.ltpgt     ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI am trying to convert a byte to a string. The bytes are revieved from a bluetooth packet and separated into an array. The data is good but it show the integer value of the received data but I need to show a charature. IE value shows a 65 but I need A character for a textview.p  pThe first 10 bytes in the encodedBytes sent to bluetooth ABCDEFGHI and the logcat shows 6566676869707172730p  precode        byte[] encodedBytes  new byte[160]         System.arraycopyreadBuf, 0, encodedBytes, 0, encodedBytes.length               Log.dTAG, Tiles data                strArrayTitle[0]                     clear               for int i  0 i lt 10 i            get first 10 chars               Byte piece  encodedBytes[i]               strArrayTitle[0]  strArrayTitle[0] piece                            Log.dTAG, String Data       strArrayTitle[0]           codepre  pI made some changes as per answer and made some progress. I changed the new byte to 10 and converted to string. Can I parse the data so I can convert all 160 bytes at one time p  precode        byte[] encodedBytes  new byte[10]         System.arraycopyreadBuf, 0, encodedBytes, 0, encodedBytes.length          String title  new StringencodedBytes              Log.dTAG, Tiles data     title codepre  pHere is my solution to the problem. I divided the readbuf into sections and then converted to strings.p  precode        String[] Titled  new String[16]         byte[] encodedBytes  new byte[10]           for int f0f lt 5f               System.arraycopyreadBuf, f  10, encodedBytes, 0,  10             Titled[f]  new StringencodedBytes             Log.dTAG, F1    f                        Log.dTAG, Tiles data 1    Titled[0]             Log.dTAG, Tiles data 2    Titled[1]             Log.dTAG, Tiles data 3    Titled[3]             Log.dTAG, Tiles data 4    Titled[4]            codepre
Negative 10594 pIm trying to change the background colour of a navbar item emem upon click by setting it active. The menu item corresponding to the left page should be deactivated, i.e. its background colour should be set back to normal.p  pThere are two problemsp  ol lipWhen using codedatatogglepillcode, the codehrefcode does not work anymore therefore I left it outpli lipRemembering the previous page is not working because the global variable codepreviousIDcode is not overwritten. As a consequence, the previously selected menu item is not deactivated.pli ol  pHeres the code div classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodevar previousID  navbarindex li.clickfunction    var currentID  this.attrid   alertcurrent ID   currentID   document.getElementByIdcurrentID.setAttributeclass, active   alertprevious ID   previousID   document.getElementByIdpreviousID.removeAttributeclass, active   previousID  currentID codepre pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecode.dropdownhover .dropdownmenu  display block   h4, h5, h6, h1, h2, h3    margintop 0  ul, ol    margin 0  p    margin 0   fontweight 300  html, body    fontfamily Source Sans Pro, sansserif   fontsize 100   backgroundcolor FFF   color 777  body a    transition 0.5s all   webkittransition 0.5s all   moztransition 0.5s all   otransition 0.5s all   mstransition 0.5s all  .header    background fff   padding 2em 0   bordertop 3px solid 2ABB9B   borderbottom 3px solid 2ABB9B  .navbarbrand    fontsize 32px   fontweight 700   color 444   letterspacing 1px   padding 5px  .navbarbrandhover    color 3e897a  .navbarbrand .fa    color 2abb9b  .menu    float right  .menu li    display inlineblock  .menu lifirstchild    marginleft 0  .menu li a    display block   fontsize 1em   color 777   webkittransition all 0.3s ease   moztransition all 0.3s ease   otransition all 0.3s ease   transition all 0.3s ease   texttransform uppercase   fontweight 500   letterspacing 1px  nav .current a    color 2ABB9B   webkittransition all 0.3s ease   moztransition all 0.3s ease   otransition all 0.3s ease   transition all 0.3s ease  .menu li ahover    color 94ddcd   color 104a3e   background fff important   background a9e3d7 important  .menu li.active a    color 000000   background fff important   background ff0000 important  .toggleMenu    display none   padding 4px 5px 0px 5px   borderradius 2em   webkitborderradius 2em   mozborderradius 2em   oborderradius 2em  .navbefore, .navafter    content     display table  .navafter    clear both  .nav ul    liststyle none  media screen and maxwidth 800px    .menu      margin 10px 0      .active      display block      .menu li a      textalign left     borderradius 0     webkitborderradius 0     mozborderradius 0     oborderradius 0      .nav      liststyle none     zoom 1     width 95     position absolute     right 10px     background 051619     top 86px     zindex 9999     border 1px solid B11D1D      .menu li a span      textalign center     top 15px      .nav li ul      width 100      .menu ul      margin 0      .nav gt li.hover gt ul      width 100      .nav gt li      float none     display block      .nav ul      display block     width 100      .nav gt li.hover gt ul,   .nav li li.hover ul      position static      .nav li a      bordertop 1px solid B11D1D     background fff      .nav lifirstchild a      bordertop none     .banner    background url..imagesbanner.jpg norepeat center   minheight 500px   width 100   webkitbackgroundsize 100   mozbackgroundsize 100   obackgroundsize 100   backgroundsize 100   webkitbackgroundsize cover   mozbackgroundsize cover   obackgroundsize cover   backgroundsize cover   paddingbottom 100px  .bannerinfo    margintop 8em  .bannerinfo h1    fontsize 3em   color eee   lineheight 1.4em   margin 0em   fontweight 500  .bannerinfo p    color ddd   fontsize 1.2em   texttransform uppercase   fontweight 500   letterspacing 1px   lineheight 1.8em   margintop 1em  .contentwhite    textalign center   padding 3em 0  .contentwhite h2    fontsize 2em   fontweight 500  .contentwhite p    color 777   fontsize 1.2em   fontweight 300   lineheight 0.6em  .featuredcontent    background 2ABB9B  .featuregrid1    width 23.5   marginright 2em   borderright 1px solid 5fccb4   padding 4em 2em 4em 0  .featuregrid2    width 21   padding 4em 0  .featuregrid1 .fa, .featuregrid2 .fa    color e5e52d  h3.m1    padding 0.8em 0   margin 0  h3.m1 a    fontsize 1.1em   color fff   textdecoration none   textshadow 1px 1px 4ca390  h3.m1 ahover    color e5e52d  p.m2    color e9f8f5   fontsize 1em   lineheight 1.5em   marginbottom 1em   fontweight 300  .bannerbtn    display inlineblock   padding 6px 20px   fontsize 1em   cursor pointer   background 2ABB9B   color fff   fontweight 500   textdecoration none   outline none   margintop 30px   borderradius 5px  .bannerbtnhover    background 22967c   color fff   textdecoration none  .featurebtn    display inlineblock   padding 6px 20px   fontsize 1em   cursor pointer   background 5fccb4   color fff   fontweight 500   textdecoration none   outline none   margintop 10px   borderradius 5px  .featurebtnhover    background e5e52d   color 555   textdecoration none  .nbsflexiselcontainer    position relative   maxwidth 100  .nbsflexiselul    position relative   width 9999px   margin 0px   padding 0px   liststyletype none   textalign center  .nbsflexiselinner    overflow hidden   margin 3em 0  .nbsflexiselitem    float left   margin 0px   padding 0px   cursor pointer   position relative   lineheight 0px   paddingright 30px  .nbsflexiselitem gt img    cursor pointer   position relative  .nbsflexiselnavleft, .nbsflexiselnavright    width 30px   height 30px   position absolute   cursor pointer   zindex 100   margintop 8.6em  .nbsflexiselnavleft    left 32.5em   background url..imagesimgsprite.png norepeat 99px 101px  .nbsflexiselnavright    right 35em   background url..imagesimgsprite.png norepeat 133px 102px  afocus    outline 0px  .fa    color 2ABB9B  .footerbottom    padding 2em 0   background 2ABB9B  .copy    textalign center  .copy p    fontsize 1em   color fff  .copy p a    color fff   borderbottom 1px dotted  .copy p ahover    color e5e52d   borderbottom 1px solid   textdecoration none  .about    background 555   marginbottom 4em   background url..imagestitlebg.jpg center norepeat   backgroundsize cover   height 180px  .titlesection    position relative   paddingtop 60px   paddingright 0   paddingleft 0   paddingbottom 20px  .titlesection h1    margin 0 0 5px 0   lineheight 58px   fontsize 34px   fontweight 500   color 555  .titlesection ul    background none   position relative   margin 0   padding 9px 0 10px 0   bordertop 1px solid 597275   webkitborderradius 0   mozborderradius 0   borderradius 0  .titlesection ul li    lineheight 18px   fontsize 13px   color 5f6775  .titlesection ul li a    color fff  h3.m2    fontsize 1.7em   fontweight 500   color 666   marginbottom 1em  .servicebox    paddingbottom 50px  .servicebox .fa    color 2ABB9B  .servicebox h2    fontsize 1.6em   color 5d5f60   paddingtop 0.3em   paddingright 0   paddingleft 0   paddingbottom 0.5em  .servicebox h5 a    fontsize 16px   color 555   marginbottom 1em   lineheight 1.5em  .servicebox h5 ahover    textdecoration none   color e4551d  .servicebox p    fontsize 1em   color 777   marginbottom 1.4em   lineheight 1.6em   textalign left  .aboutinfo    padding 4em 0  .aboutinfo h2    paddingbottom 20px  .aboutinfo h3, .aboutcontent h3    paddingbottom 20px  .aboutcontent    padding 1em 0 4em 0  .aboutcontent img    padding 0 20px 20px 0   float left  .highlightinfo    background url..imageslab.jpg center fixed   backgroundsize cover   color fff   padding 6em 0  .highlightinfo h4    color fff   margin 0.5em 0 0 0  .testimonialsolid    paddingtop 50px   paddingright 0   paddingleft 0   paddingbottom 70px   margin 0 0 0 0   background fff   textalign center  .carouselindicators    bottom 40px  .carouselindicators li    border 1px solid ccc  .carouselindicators .active    backgroundcolor ccc   marginright 4px  .testimonialsolid h2    fontsize 2em   fontweight 500   paddingbottom 20px  .testimonialsolid p    fontsize 1em   lineheight 30px  accordionalt3 .panelheading h4    fontsize 14px   lineheight 28px  .panel .panelheading h4    fontweight 400  .paneltitle    margintop 0   marginbottom 0   fontsize 15px   color inherit  .panelgroup .panel    marginbottom 0   borderradius 2px  .panel    marginbottom 18px   backgroundcolor F4F4F4   border 1px solid transparent   borderradius 2px   webkitboxshadow 0 1px 1px rgba0, 0, 0, 0.05   boxshadow 0 1px 1px rgba0, 0, 0, 0.05  accordionalt3 .panelheading h4 a i    fontsize 16px   lineheight 18px   width 18px   height 18px   marginright 5px   color 2ABB9B   textalign center   borderradius 50   marginleft 6px  .followus    margintop 10px   marginbottom 20px   textalign center  .socialicon    paddingtop 6px   fontsize 16px   textalign center   width 32px   height 32px   border 2px solid d5f1eb   borderradius 50   color d5f1eb   margin 5px  a.socialiconhover, a.socialiconactive, a.socialiconfocus    textdecoration none   color e5e52d   bordercolor e5e52d  .contact    paddingtop 1em   paddingright 0   paddingleft 0   paddingbottom 4em  .contacttop    marginright 0   marginleft 0   marginbottom 4em  .contactdetails    backgroundcolor f6f6f6   padding 20px   borderleft 2px solid fff  .contactdetails h5    fontsize 1.2em   fontweight 500   color 666   marginbottom 1em  .contactaddress, .contactmail    overflow hidden   fontsize 1em   color 777   lineheight 1.5em  .contactbottom h3    fontsize 1.5em   fontweight 500   color 666  .contactbottom p    fontsize 1em   lineheight 1.8em   color 888   margin 1em 0  .contactto input[typetext]    padding 10px 10px   width 32.5   margin 10px 0   border 1px solid E1E2E2   color 999   background FFF   float left   outline none   fontsize 0.85em  .text2 input[typetext], .text2 textarea    width 99   margin 10px 0   border 1px solid E1E2E2   color 999   outline none   marginbottom 25px   height 150px   padding 10px 10px   fontsize 0.85em   resize none  .submit    margintop 2em   display inlineblock   padding 8px 20px   fontsize 1em   cursor pointer   border none   background 2ABB9B   color fff   textdecoration none   outline none   webkittransition all 0.3s   moztransition all 0.3s   transition all 0.3s   otransition all 0.3s   borderradius 5px   webkitborderradius 5px   mozborderradius 5px   oborderradius 5px  .submithover    textdecoration none   background 22967c   color fff  media maxwidth 1024px    .featuregrid1      width 23      .banner      minheight 450px      .bannerinfo      margintop 4em      .nbsflexiselnavright      right 30em      .nbsflexiselnavleft      left 29em      .nbsflexiselnavleft,   .nbsflexiselnavright      margintop 7.6em     media maxwidth 800px    .header      padding 1em 0      .featuregrid1      width 100     padding 4em 0em 0em 0      .bannerinfo h1      fontsize 2em      .banner      minheight 400px      .featuregrid2      width 100      .nbsflexiselnavright      right 23em      .nbsflexiselnavleft      left 22em      .bannerinfo p      fontsize 0.85em      .toggleMenu      padding 0      .servicebox      marginbottom 2em      .contactdetails      marginbottom 2em      .contactto input[typetext]      width 32     media maxwidth 640px    .contentwhite p      fontsize 1.3em      .nbsflexiselnavleft      left 18.5em      .nbsflexiselnavright      right 18.5em      .nbsflexiselnavleft,   .nbsflexiselnavright      margintop 5.8em      .servicebox h2      marginbottom 0.5em     media maxwidth 480px    .banner      minheight 250px      .bannerinfo h1      fontsize 1.5em      .bannerinfo p      fontsize 0.8125em      .bannerinfo      margintop 2em      .header      padding 0.5em 0      .contentwhite h2      fontsize 1.5em      .contentwhite p      fontsize 1em      .nbsflexiselnavright      right 13.5em      .nbsflexiselnavleft      left 13.5em      .contactto input[typetext]      width 31      .nav      top 70px      .nbsflexiselnavleft,   .nbsflexiselnavright      margintop 5em     media maxwidth 320px    .bannerinfo h1      fontsize 1.2em      .bannerinfo p      fontsize 12px      .banner      minheight 150px      .contentwhite p      fontsize 0.95em     lineheight 1em     padding 0 10px      .contentwhite h2      fontsize 1.3em      .nbsflexiselnavright      right 8.5em      .nbsflexiselnavleft      left 8.5em      .nbsflexiselnavleft,   .nbsflexiselnavright      margintop 4.2em      h3.m1      padding 0.5em 0      .contactto input[typetext]      width 99      input.text      marginleft 0 important    codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery2.1.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltdiv classheadergt   ltdiv classcontainergt     lta classnavbarbrand hrefindex.htmlgt BRAND ltagt     ltdiv classmenugt        lta classtoggleMenu hrefgt         ltimg srcimagesnavicon.png alt gt       ltagt        ltul classnav idnavgt         ltli idnavbarhome classcurrentgtlta hrefindex.htmlgtHomeltagt         ltligt          ltltli idnavbarservicesgtlta href datatogglepillgtServicesltagtltligtgt         ltli idnavbarservicesgtlta hrefservices.htmlgtServicesltagt         ltligt         ltli idnavbarphotosgtlta hrefphotos.htmlgtPhotosltagt         ltligt         ltli idnavbarservicesgt           lta hreftest.html ltagt         ltligt         ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt       ltulgt     ltdivgt   ltdivgt ltdivgtcodepre div div p
Negative 10594 pIm working with the Parse SDK for my project. It first displays a list of Categories in a PFQueryTableView. On selecting a category it displays the sub categories associated to the selected category, also in a PFQueryTableView. This sub category class has a pointer value to the first Categories class.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.coma5dxo.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.coma5dxo.png altenter image description hereap  pIn the sub category view, I have an option to add a new subcategory. What I would like to do is to add a new row to the sub categories table but have it linked to the Categories class that was just selected. i.e. link it to the pointer Cat in the sub categories table.p  precode    PFObject newWord  [PFObject objectWithClassNamewords]      newWord[word]  self.wordTextField.text     newWord[user]  [PFUser currentUser]     newWord[Cat]  Categories      [newWord saveInBackgroundWithBlockBOOL succeeded, NSError error          if succeeded            else              UIAlertView alertView  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitleError                                                                 message[error.userInfo objectForKeyerror]                                                                delegatenil cancelButtonTitleOK otherButtonTitlesnil]             [alertView show]              ] codepre  pI keep getting this errorp  precode[Error] invalid type for key Cat, expected Categories, but got string Code 111, Version 1.8.0 codepre  pAnyone know what the problem is Or how I can solve this to link to the pointer in my tablep
Negative 10594 pI am currently querying data into dataframe via the codepandas.io.sql.readsqlcode command. I wanted to parallelize the calls similar to what this guys is advocating a hrefhttpswww.youtube.comwatchvg0eNQSzIbpQ relnofollowEmbarrassingly parallel database calls with Python PyData Paris 2015 ap  pSomething like very generalp  precodepools  [ThreadedConnectionPool1,20,dsnd for d in dsns] connections  [pool.getconn for pool in pools] parallelconnection  ParallelConnectionconnections pandascursor  parallelconnection.cursor pandascursor.executemyquery codepre  pIs something like that possiblep
Negative 10594 pIve around at the other questions that seem close to what Im running into, but Im not entirely sure if theyre the same thing. Basically, I have been writing a website that sends emails to a whole bunch of places, like to a sales person, a factory, and a customer all in one run. On my local test environment this works perfectly, however now that weve pushed the site live to an Amazon AWS server, it only seems to be allowing emails to be sent every once in a whileish.p  pI get errors that look like this after only a couple of them are able to get through p  blockquote   pPHP Fatal error  Uncaught exception SwiftTransportException with   message Connection could not be established with host...p blockquote  pMy theory is that Amazon is blocking the ports after a couple of sends to thwart people using the servers for spam, but we kind of need this functionality to continue the site running how it should be. Where should I go from herep
Negative 10594 pI access the codeServiceNow REST APIcode from a code.net WinFormsCcode application for creating and updating records such as Incidents, Tasks, etc. p  pI need the functionality to upload file attachments to the records, but I dont see this function anywhere within the REST API documentation on ServiceNow Wiki. Only codeSOAPcode based approaches are given as solutions to uploading file attachments. Can this be done at all, through the REST API p
Negative 10594 pIf this is not the right section for this question, please forgive me.p  pI need to access remotely a desktop. This desktop running Windows 7 stays on 247, and usually an user called Operator is logged on. When I attempt the remote access, this is done by accessing the companys server by a VPN, and then access the desired machine using the remote access tool from Windows. The latter process tries to log off from the current user and log in on my user account, lets call MyUser.p  pProblem is, one of the running applications is preventing Windows from logging off, and the remote access cant go through. Even though this application was developed by our company, I believe this is a Windowsrelated issue.p  pIs there any way I can accomplish to remote access the machine, maybe setting a Windows property or setting that would force all the applications to terminate every time I try to logoff p
Negative 10594 pI have thisp  precodeltphp list  [] list  [1 gt Aumento , 0 gt Disminucin]  echo formgtfieldmodi, aumentogtradioListlistgtlabelltbgtSeleccione accin a realizarltbgt  gt codepre  pAnd I need to get the value of the vector list with a function in javascript, I havep  precodemodificacionesaumento.changefunction  var valor  modificacionesaumento.val  alertvalor  codepre  pBut it is not working, Ive tried using the function prop.checked as well, but it did not work either.p
Negative 10594 pIm working with a project which already has some legacy code written in Scala. I was given a task to write some unit tests for one of its classes when I discovered its not so easy. Heres the problem Ive encountered p  pWe have an object, say, Worker and another object to access the database, say, DatabaseService which also extends other class I dont think it matters, but still. Worker, in its turn, is called by higher classes and objects.p  pSo, right now we have something like thisp  precodeobject Worker      def performComplexAlgorithmid String           val entity  DatabaseService.getByIdid         Rest of the algorithm       codepre  pMy first though was Well, I can probably make a trait for DatabaseService with the getById method. I dont really like the idea to create an interfacetraitwhatever just for the sake of testing because I believe it doesnt necessarily lead to a nice design, but lets forget about it for now. p  pNow, if Worker was a class, I could easily use DI. Say, via constructor like thisp  precodetrait DatabaseAbstractService      def getByIdid String SomeEntity   object DatabaseService extends SomeOtherClass with DatabaseAbstractService      override def getByIdid String SomeEntity  complex db query   Probably just create the fake using the mock framework right in unit test object FakeDbService extends DatabaseAbstractService      override def getByIdid String SomeEntity  just return something   class Workerval service DatabaseService       def performComplexAlgorithmid String           val entity  service.getByIdid         Rest of the algorithm       codepre  pThe problem is, Worker is not a class so I cant make an instance of it with another service. I could do something like p  precodeobject Worker      var service DatabaseAbstractService  default     def setServices DatabaseAbstractService  service  s  codepre  pHowever, it scarcely makes any sense to me since it looks awful and leads to an object with mutable state which doesnt seem very nice.p  pThe question is, how can I make the existing code easily testable without breaking anything and without making any terrible workarounds Is it possible or should I change the existing code instead so that I could test it easier p  pI was thinking about using extending like thisp  precodeclass AbstractWorkerval service DatabaseAbstractService  object Worker extends AbstractWorkerDatabaseService codepre  pand then I somehow could create a mock of Worker but with different service. However, I didnt figure out how to do it. p  pId appreciate any advice as to how either change the current code to make it more testable or test the existing. p
Negative 10594 pI tried to run the Google Calendar API sample code for iOS Swift and followed steps 1 to 5 in accordance with the guide a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comgoogleappscalendarquickstartiosverswift relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comgoogleappscalendarquickstartiosverswiftap  pHowever, I encountered the following errorsp  p1 Failed to import bridging header 2  file not foundp  pI followed the steps. I have a bridging header which included importbr statements in it. Is there anything else that Im missing  p
Negative 10594 pI use ajax to get some json encoded data from a joomla component. What I receive is what I will show in next picture a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comgfbk6.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comgfbk6.jpg altenter image description hereap  pNow there are 2 objectsaka 2 courses. Now I want to show those 2 coursesname,category and so on to the DOM, but I dont know how using javascriptjQuery, dont know how to iterate through them. I think angular might be also a solution, but I am not that sure.p  precode   jQuery.ajax         methodPOST,         url url,         datafiltersfilters,         jsonpCallback jsonCallback,         dataType json,         error functione             console.loge.message              .donefunctionjson         console.logjsonthis is shown in the image             codepre  pPlease help me, thanksp
Negative 10594 pThe Rails Guides Action Controller Overview mentions in the section a hrefhttpguides.rubyonrails.orgactioncontrolleroverview.htmlrescue relnofollowRescuea that if an ActiveRecordRecordNotFound exception occurs and isnt handled, Rails knows to serve the user a 404p  blockquote   pRails default exception handling displays a 500 Server Error   message for all exceptions. If the request was made locally, a nice   traceback and some added information gets displayed so you can figure   out what went wrong and deal with it. If the request was remote Rails   will just display a simple 500 Server Error message to the user, or   a 404 Not Found if there was a routing error or a record could not   be found.p blockquote  pHow does this happen Which part of Rails catches the exception, and then chooses to serve a 404 Not Foundp
Negative 10594 pHow would I go about updating to a new head node without using next p  precodeprivate E head private someListltEgt tail  public E removeHead         this.tail  this.tail.getTail           return this.head      codepre
Negative 10594 pI have a custom collection class with an embedded array written in Objc. The class implements NSFastEnumerator protocol in order to be iterable in Objc. p  pFor my Swift classes I had to add the following code based on apporaches on SOF.p  precodeextension CustomCollection SequenceType      public func generate gt NSFastGenerator          return NSFastGeneratorself       codepre  pWhich again makes it iterable in Swift classes.p  pAll is good until I need to use this class as a Generic type in one of my Swift base classes.p  precodeclass SomeBaseClassltT CustomCollectiongt      typealias Collection  T     var model Collection      Implementation goes here  codepre  pWhen I try to iterate over my model property, I get Command Signal Failure Error during build.p  pAny idea how this needs to be done and whether its even possible to be donep  pRunning XCode 7 beta 6 and Swift 2.0p  pThanks.p
Negative 10594 pI created a non blocking clientserver based on the examples from FH Muenster. Unfortunately, after I close my socket, it doesnt allow me to connect another client to the server. p  ul liI checked on Wireshark and the messages to close the connection are sent correctly. li liResult of Select call on server side function is 0 time limit expired, however my read fd is not returned empty.li liFirst client connects successfully, when I try to connect a second client during the handshake, it throws the error connection refusedli ul  pI know that the behavior of select is different with datagrams. My questions are  In DTLS is it completely necessary to call listen.  Is it normal that when the timeout expires select returns 0, the fdSetRead is not empty p
Negative 10594 pIn the following code, Ive assigned values to an array elements which are out of the array boundaries, In emLinuxem environment in the emCLIem the code give me the error message codearray index 5 is past the end of the array which contains 5 elementscode. p  pBut while debugging on emIDEem codeblocks compiler cannot find this bug so is there any explanationp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  int main      int array[5],i    for i0 ilt5 i        array[i]  i1         array[5]  666     for i0 ilt5 i        printfarray[d]dn, i, array[i]         printfarray[5]dn, array[5]    return 0  codepre
Negative 10594 pHow can i  select the images from Gallery or camera then upload it in webpagep  precodeWebView wv  WebView d.findViewByIdR.id.webView1 WebSettings webSettings  wv.getSettings wv.getSettings.setJavaScriptEnabledtrue wv.getSettings.setLoadWithOverviewModetrue wv.getSettings.setUseWideViewPorttrue wv.getSettings.setAllowFileAccesstrue codepre
Negative 10594 pI was reading here a hrefhttpblog.progs.be628activitivariablesjson relnofollowhttpblog.progs.be628activitivariablesjsona about custom ways to serialize an object in Activiti.p  pId like to know if its possible to create a generic way to serialize with a custom serializer any object from the execution context.p  pIn my scenario there are a lot of dynamic objects whose packages are unknown for me, so I need to find a way to catch the serializationdeserialization process to handle the content which is going to stored in the database.p  pIs this possiblep  pThanks a lotp
Negative 10594 pIm using a http get request in my angular application to access data to bind to my view in a loop using ngrepeat and a filter based on a users input value for a simple search. Im able to access the data and filter and bind the results to my view but the search only happens when the second character the user types is on keyup, not the first character. I want my search to happen on the first keyup.p  pcodeMY CONTROLLERcodep  precodeangular.moduleapp.findfriendsApp.controllerFindfriendsCtrl, [   scope, http,   scope, httpgt       Get Request.     http.getfindfriends.json.successdata, status, headers, configgt       scope.friends  data     .errordata, status, headers, configgt       log error       ] codepre  pcodeMY VIEWcodep  precodemain ngappapp.findfriendsApp   .container ngcontrollerFindfriendsCtrl     .row       .colxs12         input[typetext                ngmodelsearch                placeholderSearch by Name]        .colxs12         ul            li[ngrepeatfriend in filteredData  friends  filtersearch               nghidefilteredData.lengthfriends.length]                 friend.username codepre
Negative 10594 pI downloaded the optional addon Python bindings geanypluginpy from the Ubuntu Software Center. When I try Tools  Plugin Manager  and enable GeanyPy, the application crashes.  Is there an alternative way to enable the Pythonplugin for Geany.p  pIm on Ubuntu 15.04 and the Geany version is 1.24.1p
Negative 10594 pI cant seem to find anything to fix this, searched all over the internet. Could somebody please explain to me how to fix this p  precode  func refresh      var queryPFQuery  PFQueryclassName Message      query.findObjectsInBackgroundWithBlock  objects[AnyObject], errorNSError gt Void in          self.messagesArray  [String]          if let objs  objects              for messageObject in objs                  let messageTextString  messageObject as PFObject[Text] as String gtgtgtERROR ltltlt                 if messageText  nil                      self.messagesArray.appendmessageText                                                 self.messageTableView.reloadData         codepre
Negative 10594 pWill the JIT inline a call in an inherited method of an abstract class which is megamorphic across all subclasses but monomorphic for a given subclassp  pSuppose we have an interface codeIFacecode with numerous implementations codeAcode through codeZcode.  Suppose also we have an abstract class codeFoocode which holds a field of type codeIFacecode and calls a method on that field in its only method which is codefinalcode and that we have many subclassess of codeFoocode, all of which do nothing, like this constructors omitted for brevityp  precodeinterface IFace     void act   final class A extends IFace      ...   ...  final class Z extends IFace      ...   abstract class Foo      final IFace field      public final void doAThing          field.act        final class FooA extends Foo     ...  final class FooZ extends Foo   codepre  pSuppose by accident all instances of codeFooXcode in fact have codefieldcode values of the corresponding type codeXcode.  Suppose further we have code like this in a very hot spotp  precodefor final Foo foo  foos      foo.doAThing  codepre  pwhere codefooscode is of type codeListltFoogtcode, is large, and contains a random and roughly uniform distribution of all subclasses of codeFoocode.p  pThe codefoo.doAThingcode call site is very megamorphic, so no inlining can occur.  But when determining whether codefield.actcode can be inlined within codedoAThingcode, is typeprofiling done persubclass or just for codeFoocode as a whole  If per subclass, we would have 26 versions of codedoAThingcode, each of whichs call to codefield.actcode is monomorphic and inlineable, but if we have only one, the call to codefield.actcode would be megamorphic and not inlineable.p  pI know the answer to this may be JDKspecific, so I am asking in particular for recent versions of OpenJDKp
Negative 10594 pIve recently gotten into Python, and I couldnt come up with any things to make. So i decided id port all of my Project Euler stuff over to Python just to have something to do. But basically, the code below is supposed to find the product of a, b, and c, where a  b  c  1000. Pythagorean tripletp  precodefrom math import sqrt  def solve     product  0     for a in range1, 500         for b in range1, 500             needed  sqrtaa  bb             if a  b  needed  1000                     product  a  b  needed                     return product     return product  printsolve codepre  pThis code produces the correct result, which is 31875000.0. I want it to return an integer, and not a floating point value. I tried doingp  precodeneeded  roundsqrtaa  bb codepre  pbut for some reason, this returns the number 498002, which is not even close to being the same number. Ive also tried using Floor from the math library, but that also does the same thing, as well as int.  Is there something that Im overlooking Or is this a bug Or what. Im using Python 3.5 if that matters.p
Negative 10594 pIve been attempting to create a table inside one of my divs, one that adjust its width when the windows scales or resolution changes. However, the tables keep bleeding through whenever the screen changesp  pIs it as simple as using CSS to achieve it, or is it something more complicated that Im missing. p  precode    ltimg  alignleft srchttpimgur.come8K63LI.pnggtltimggt         lttable bordercolorblack width900 bgcolorwhite border0gt             lttrgt                 lttd alignleftgt lth1gtXTR 250LClth1gt lttdgt             lttrgt                 lttd alignrightgtltbgtPrice to be determinedltbgtlttdgt             lttrgt             lttrgt                 lttdgtlth3gtSpecslth3gtlttdgt             lttrgt             lttrgt                 lttdgtltbgtAvailable ColorsltbgtlttdgtlttdgtWhite, Blue and Blacklttdgt             lttrgt             lttrgt                 lttdgtltbgtCurb Weightltbgtlttdgtlttdgt223 lbslttdgt             lttrgt         lttablegt    codepre
Negative 10594 pIs there a way to import csv into cassandra through sparks java api without creating a pojo class for the csv. I am able to insert the csv by creating a pojo class like below , Is there any way to do so without creating pojo class for the csv programatically using spark java api.p  precodeMy csv looks like this Name,Age,bg,sex ammar,67,ab,M nehan,88,b,M moin,99,m,M arbaaz,67,a,M ... codepre  pAnd the program is below.p  precodeimport org.apache.commons.lang3.StringUtils import org.apache.spark.SparkConf import org.apache.spark.api.java.JavaRDD import org.apache.spark.api.java.JavaSparkContext import org.apache.spark.api.java.function.Function import com.cassandra.insertion.MergeGeneSymDataInsertion import com.cassandra.insertion.MergeGeneSymDataInsertion.HgIpsenGeneSym import com.publicdata.task.PublicDataInsertion.PublicData import static com.datastax.spark.connector.japi.CassandraJavaUtil. public class InsertCsv   static JavaSparkContext ctx  null static boolean isHeader  true  public static void mainString[] args       try          ctx  new JavaSparkContextnew SparkConf.setMasterlocal[4]                 .setAppNameTestCsvInserion         insertCsvctx      catch Exception e          e.printStackTrace         private static void insertCsvJavaSparkContext ctx       JavaRDDltStringgt testfileRdd  ctx             .textFilehomesyedammarPilot Project test.csv        JavaRDDltBatsgt batsclassRdd  testfileRdd             .mapnew FunctionltString, Batsgt                   Override                 public Bats callString line throws Exception                       TODO Autogenerated method stub                     ifisHeader                       String[] wordsStringUtils.splitline, ,                     String name  words[0]                     String age  words[1]                     String bg  words[2]                     String sex  words[3]                   return new Batsname, age, bg, sex                                          else                                              isHeaderfalse                         return null                                                     .filternew FunctionltBats, Booleangt                   Override                 public Boolean callBats obj throws Exception                       TODO Autogenerated method stub                      return objnull                              .coalesce1      javaFunctionsbatsclassRdd.writerBuildertest, bats, mapToRowBats.class.saveToCassandra       public static class Bats      public Bats           TODO Autogenerated constructor stub           private String name     private String age     private String bg     public BatsString name, String age, String bg, String sex          super         this.name  name         this.age  age         this.bg  bg         this.sex  sex           private String sex      public String getName          return name           public void setNameString name          this.name  name           public String getAge          return age           public void setAgeString age          this.age  age           public String getBg          return bg           public void setBgString bg          this.bg  bg           public String getSex          return sex           public void setSexString sex          this.sex  sex        codepre  pp
Negative 10594 pI have a site that displays or thats the plan at least content dynamically, but it has some problems. When I open the site for the first time and click on a link, it loads the content dynamically. When I go back and press a link again, it reloads the whole site. I feel like Im missing something important, what can it bep  pAjaxp  precodedocument.readyfunction       var container  content      a.clickfunction e          e.preventDefault         var url  this.attrhref         content.hidefast         history.pushStatepath url, null, url         container.loadurl         return false           window.bindpopstate, function event          var state  event.originalEvent.state          if state              container.loadstate.path                    history.replaceStatepath window.location.href,   codepre
Negative 10594 pim developing android app using pjsip library, i made it to integrate it inside my app and tested and made calls ,i want to create something like dialing bar when the call is in the background , where i can click it and show the call screen for example. this is one of the function i used.p  precodepublic void acceptCallView view          incomingCall  true         CallOpParam prm  new CallOpParam         prm.setStatusCodepjsipstatuscode.PJSIPSCOK         try              currentCall.answerprm          catch Exception e              System.out.printlne                  alphaAnimation  new AlphaAnimation1.0f, 0.3f         alphaAnimation.setFillAftertrue         answer.startAnimationalphaAnimation       codepre
Negative 10594 pim new to iOS dev, its only my second application, but i didnt make it this time. So, i need suggestion and tips to see how things really worksp  pim trying to developpe an app which uses sharedMemory data of a game and sent it over sockets to an iphone.p  pI proceed this way  1 func Initnetwork  Connect to the IP, and port and open input, output streams 2 func SendRequest  Send a message to the server  running on windows in Cpp      Notes  I use scheduledTimerWithTimeIntervaltimer0.0166 for sendRequest , to keep getting data from server 3 func Stream  To handle NSTreamEvent  if it hasBytes, it allocate a buffer and proceed to read the inputStream, then parse data with NSJsonSerialization, extracting data from and then refreshing labels in the mainqueuep  pProblem  this kind of app need to refresh at high freq, so when running the app, everything is lagging, and im getting a refresh every 1 or 2 seconds later, i tried with timer  0.1, it didnt work.p  pIm asking for help because , i dont really know wich way i have to take to fix this problem  multi thread, new server , idk . On the simulator, app keep the CPU working at his highest level 99, and i dont think it should perform likep  phere is what kind of app im trying to make  a hrefhttpswww.youtube.comwatchv33sXgUUgoWI relnofollowhttpswww.youtube.comwatchv33sXgUUgoWIap
Negative 10594 pI have a question about theme for Android app in Android Studio. When Im creating a new project I would like to have an material design theme, but I dont get this activity theme to choose.p  pOn first picture you can see my view for adding an activity and on second picture what I would like to have.p  pemMy current viewemp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comPO1nS.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPO1nS.png altMy current themeap  pemMaterial design viewemp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com0W7Tc.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0W7Tc.png altMaterial design themeap  pDoes anyone have a solution how to set up Android Studio so I can have a view which is showed on second picturep
Negative 10594 pIm trying to use Camera2 in a project working from the example here a hrefhttpsgithub.comxamarinmonodroidsamplestreemasterandroid5.0Camera2BasicCamera2Basic relnofollowhttpsgithub.comxamarinmonodroidsamplestreemasterandroid5.0Camera2BasicCamera2Basicap  pI have an implementation of CameraDevice.StateCallback called CameraStateListener, just like this example. However, whenever I load it up I get the following errorp  precode0924 151115.271 IMonoDroid15717 UNHANDLED EXCEPTION     0924 151115.291 IMonoDroid15717 Java.Lang.ClassNotFoundException Exception of type Java.Lang.ClassNotFoundException was thrown.     0924 151115.291 IMonoDroid15717   at System.Runtime.ExceptionServices.ExceptionDispatchInfo.Throw  [0x0000b] in Usersbuilderdatalanes1978f98871a9sourcemonomcsclasscorlibSystem.Runtime.ExceptionServicesExceptionDispatchInfo.cs61      0924 151115.291 IMonoDroid15717   at Android.Runtime.JNIEnv.CallObjectMethod IntPtr jobject, IntPtr jmethod, Android.Runtime.JValue parms [0x00064] in Usersbuilderdatalanes1978f98871a9sourcemonodroidsrcMono.AndroidsrcRuntimeJNIEnv.g.cs195      0924 151115.291 IMonoDroid15717   at Android.Runtime.JNIEnv.CallObjectMethod IntPtr jobject, IntPtr jmethod, Android.Runtime.JValue[] parms [0x0001d] in Usersbuilderdatalanes1978f98871a9sourcemonodroidsrcMono.AndroidsrcRuntimeJNIEnv.g.cs203      0924 151115.291 IMonoDroid15717   at Android.Runtime.JNIEnv.FindClass System.String classname [0x00007] in Usersbuilderdatalanes1978f98871a9sourcemonodroidsrcMono.AndroidsrcRuntimeJNIEnv.cs493      0924 151115.291 IMonoDroid15717   at Android.Runtime.JNIEnv.FindClass System.Type type [0x00009] in Usersbuilderdatalanes1978f98871a9sourcemonodroidsrcMono.AndroidsrcRuntimeJNIEnv.cs434      0924 151115.291 IMonoDroid15717    End of managed exception stack trace      0924 151115.291 IMonoDroid15717 java.lang.ClassNotFoundException Didnt find class md5d96e9bb84edc6bba0d5984bab529e6f5.CameraStateListener on path DexPathList[[zip file dataappcom.fdd.myproject1.apk],nativeLibraryDirectories[dataapplibcom.fdd.myproject1, vendorlib, systemlib]] codepre  pHas anyone run into anything similar before  It seems like an issue with a java binding or something like that, but Im not even sure how to troubleshoot it.p
Negative 10594 pI have been searching on here for several days and have come close to what I was hoping existed although not exactly. p  pI have a GUI that has a TabbedPane section containing several tabs that in turn have several JSpinners. The tabs are identical in structure and the spinners are named using the following naming convention [prefix]Spinner][num] ex. Tab 1  redSpinner1, blueSpinner1.. Tab 2 redSpinner2, blueSpinner2.. and so on. I need to extract the values of the spinners on each tab and wanted to do it by building the variable name via concatenation of the prefix, Spinner and the incremented value that is the tab number that the spinner is located on. My goal is to not have to hard code the variable names yet still be able to access the variable methods, specifically getValue.p  pIn my research I have come across two possible solutionsp  p1 Using a Map structure to map the variable name to the actual instancep  p2 Reflection APIp  pThe first method I can use my method of variable name concatenation for the key but will still have to manual map the instance variable name. Ultimately this puts me in the same position I am already in.p  pFull disclosure, I am not an expert in the reflection API, so I may not understand it sufficiently enough to solve my issue hence why I am on here. I have attempteddesire to do the following or something close to itp  precodeClass myClass  GuiClass.class GuiClass  main gui class containing spinners Field myField  myClass.getFieldredSpinner1 using the built variable name int myValue  int myField.getValue I cant get this step to work. codepre  pAny help would be greatly appreciated. I am beginning to think that I may have to change the design of that sections structure and want to see if anyone on SE has a better way. Thank you in advance.p
Negative 10594 pI am developing an android client chat application using the androidddp library. The problem is when, everytime I connect to meteor and subscribe to a dataset, all the records are published. How do I stop sending the same records on every new connection and get only the unpublished records.p
Negative 10594 pIm using wso2 identity server version 5.0.0 with patch. I have developed my jdbc user store connector that need cxf library.p  pI cant use my version of cxf I tried version 2.7.6 and version 3.0.1. If I include cxf in my jar it always use a old version of xmlschema in XmlSchema1.4.7.wso2v2.jarp  pI have tried to develop an osgi bundle but if I put my cxf library in dropins I have this errorp  precodeTID [0] [IS] [20150925 094838,804] FATAL org.wso2.carbon.core.init.CarbonServerManager   WSO2 Carbon initialization Failed org.wso2.carbon.core.init.CarbonServerManager org.apache.axis2.AxisFault Exception occured while loading the Axis configuration from optwso2isrepositoryconfaxis2axis2.xml at org.wso2.carbon.core.CarbonAxisConfigurator.getAxisConfigurationCarbonAxisConfigurator.java190 at org.apache.axis2.context.ConfigurationContextFactory.createConfigurationContextConfigurationContextFactory.java64 codepre  pI hope in some help. Thanksp
Negative 10594 pWhy the header and footer comes after body when rendered Planets Tutorial. The planets who are using the planet.php template are children of a page Planets which is based on basicpage.php template. The About page children pages works fine though.p  psitetemplatesplanet.phpp  precodelthtmlgt   ltheadgt     lttitlegtltphp echo pagegttitle gtlttitlegt   ltheadgt   ltbodygt     lth1gtltphp echo pagegttitle gtlth1gt     lth2gt         Type ltphp echo pagegtplanettype gt,         Age ltphp echo pagegtplanetage gt years     lth2gt     ltpgtltphp echo pagegtplanetsummary gtltpgt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 10594 pI need a regex that match Twitter usernames.p  pSo I want to scrape HTML of the page to get all valid Twitter usernames. So the emails should not be returned, and also invalid usernames as I know that there are some some characters not permitted in Twitter username.p  pBonus if a C example is provided.p  pEDITEDp  pWhat I have until now isp  precodeRegex regex  new Regexltlt[azAZ09.][AZaz][AZaz09]i string html  GetPageHtmluri Match match  regex.Matchhtml codepre  pI checked this but it is not working fine. Also I got info that twitter library has function for this but I cannot find it.p  pI am not really familiar with Regexp
Negative 10594 pI am having a table view named codeSymbolsMastercodep  pI am trying to get data from this view using C. Here is my codep  precodeSqlConnection connMits  new SqlConnectiontestdev05Initial CatalogxyzIntegrated SecurityTrue  SqlCommand command  new SqlCommand command.CommandType  CommandType.Text command.CommandText  select top 2000 Name from SymbolsMaster where TypeID10 and Active1 command.Connection  connMits  Option 1  SqlDataAdapter myAdapter  new SqlDataAdapter myAdapter.SelectCommand  command  DataSet myDataSet  new DataSet myAdapter.FillmyDataSet  Option 2    DataTable table  new DataTable table.Loadcommand.ExecuteReader  Option 3 SqlDataReader reader  command.ExecuteReader codepre  pI have tried 3 different ways for executing this query as wriiten above, but none of these are working. I always get a crash codeAdditional information Invalid object name SymbolsMaster.codep  pAm I doing something wrong here or is there any other approach I should follow to read a viewp
Negative 10594 pI have a large  300x300px PNG image which I need to rescale. In an other a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1976116scaleanimagenicelyindelphiSO questiona I read about codeStretchBltcode and codeHALFTONEcode in order for better scaling.p  pMy problem is how do I draw the  PNG image transparent, or at least paint the black corners white p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comXtRmk.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXtRmk.png altenter image description hereap  pAs you can see on the attached image I get black corners. p  pAnd here is the original image a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comayZAO.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comayZAO.png altenter image description herea Here is what Ive tried so far. p  precodeunit MainU  interface  uses   Windows, Messages, SysUtils, Variants, Classes, Graphics, Controls, Forms,   Dialogs, ExtCtrls  type   TFormMain  classTForm     procedure FormCreateSender TObject   private      Private declarations    public      Public declarations    end  var   FormMain TFormMain  implementation  R .dfm uses   Pngimage  type   TIRButton  classTImage   protected     procedure Paint override   public     constructor CreateAOwner TComponent override   end    TGraphicControlAcess  classTGraphicControl   TGraphicAcess  classTGraphic    THalfTonePngImage  classTPngImage   protected     procedure DrawACanvas TCanvas const Rect TRect override   end     TIRButton   constructor TIRButton.CreateAOwner TComponent begin   inherited   Center  True   Proportional  True end  procedure TIRButton.Paint var   ParentCanvas TCanvas begin   ParentCanvas  TGraphicControlAcessSelf.Canvas   TGraphicAcessPicture.Graphic.DrawParentCanvas, DestRect end   THalfTonePngImage   procedure THalfTonePngImage.DrawACanvas TCanvas const Rect TRect var   p TPoint   dc HDC begin   dc  ACanvas.Handle   GetBrushOrgExdc, p   SetStretchBltModedc, HALFTONE   SetBrushOrgExdc, p.X, p.Y, p    ACanvas.Brush.Color  clWhite   ACanvas.FillRectClasses.Rect0, 0, Width, Height    StretchBlt     dc, 0, Rect.Top, Rect.Right  Rect.Left, Rect.Bottom  Rect.Top,     Canvas.Handle, 0, 0, Width, Height, ACanvas.CopyMode      end  procedure TFormMain.FormCreateSender TObject var   Image THalfTonePngImage begin   Image  THalfTonePngImage.Create   Image.LoadFromFileX200IR11EmgBrake.png    with TIRButton.CreateSelf do   begin     Width  100     Height  100     Picture.AssignImage     Parent  Self     Anchors  [akLeft, akTop, akRight, akBottom]   end    Image.Free end  end. codepre
Negative 10594 pive setted up a little project...i have some divs, when i click one of this div i want to get its id and for now to display an alert with its id, after that i want to redirect to a page that will get its id and do some stuff..my js isp  precode  function onLoad           document.addEventListenerdeviceready, onDeviceReady, false          alertloaddddddd           function replyclickclickedid             alertclickedid          function onDeviceReady          occorrer rendere dinamica questa ricerca         alertaaa          var div  document.getElementByIdc1           forvar i1ilt7i               var div  document.getElementByIdci              div.addEventListenerclick,replyclicki                  codepre  pthe problem is that when it loop over the div before i click anything it display me all the alerts...and obviusly when i click it doesnt display nothing thank youp
