Positive 110 pI have PyCharm Professional Edition 3.5 configured top  blockquote   puse IPython when possiblep blockquote  pand in my RunDebug Configurations I setp  blockquote   pshow interpreter afterwardsp blockquote  pI use the interactive Interpreter a lot and I really like IPython, but there are some things that I dont like about the way this is handled in PyCharmp  ul lipany codeinputcode in my programs return empty strings.pli lipAdditionally, when an error occurs I cant interact with the Program anymore. you can when you run a Python program with the codeicode flagpli lipThere is a lot of space between the last line in the Console and the current linepli ul  pIn IPython the code...code prompt in a code block isnt indented 2 spaces and therefore not aligned to the codeIn []code prompt.p  ul lipWhen an error occurs I get something like this code Traceback most recent call last File CProgram Files x86PyCharmhelperspydevpydevruninconsole.py, line 69, in ltmodulegt globals  runfilefile, None, None File CProgram Files x86PyCharmhelperspydevpydevruninconsole.py, line 29, in runfile pydevimports.execfilefile, globals, locals   execute the script File CProgram Files x86PyCharmhelperspydevpydevimpspydevexecfile.py, line 18, in execfile execcompilecontentsn, file, exec, glob, loc  File CUserscaPythonBundeswettbewerb InformatikAufgabe2Ameisen.py, line 133, in ltmodulegt functionthatcausederror code I dont needwant to see the traceback from the internals.pli lipWhen running a file IPython needs to be started which takes some seconds even if Im not going use the interpreted afterwards. I would like PyCharm to start IPython after the program has ended or when I start debugging you can start IPython in an interactive console by doing codeimport IPython IPython.startipythoncodepli ul  pThere are some other minor things that I dont likep  ul lipWhen IPython is started it prints a lot of text to the console. I dont want to see any of it except maybe the version number you can usually do this with the codenobannercode option, but adding it to the interpreter options doesnt workpli lipwhen you type something and press codeUpcode it replaces what I have written with the last item of my history instead of replacing it with the last item of my history that start with what I have typed. Plain IPython does this.pli lipI would like to have automatic code completion without having to press codeCtrl  Spacecode in the consolepli ul  pThe problems are ordered by importance. Does anybody know how to change some of them I could stop using IPython which would solve the second , the third and the fourth problem, but the other ones would still persist. All of this behavior excluding the IPython stuff is implemented very well in PyScripter.p
Positive 110 pI may be using the wrong terminology for what I am really asking. But let me describe what I need. p  pI have two separate apps, one was made first and the second was made later, but the second app has files that I have copypasted over from the first app. Now, there are separate apps and projects. But I was wondering if there is a way to to have 1 project but with 2 apps in it and be able to buildcompile them as separate apps This is so that I wouldnt need to have multiple copies of the same Java code in 2 separate places. I want to have the second app dependent on the first one, so that if I were to make a change I wouldnt need to make a change in multiple places.p  pIve googled and search for my problem, but I get solutions for includingadding 3rd party libraries and dependencies which I already know how to do, but thats not what I need.p  pEDIT I would need them to generate 2 separate APK files.p
Positive 110 pI have created a table and want to populate data into the table using dummy data in a file oData.json. But the table shows no data. I am using a function oModel.loadDataoData.json to load the file.I dont know whether I have given correct path.Here is a screenshot of Project files hierarchy. Please help.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com4GeYI.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4GeYI.png altProject Structureap
Positive 110 pI have been browsing the web looking for how to enable syntax highlighting of SQL commands in PyCharm. Have tried both the professional and community edition I am able to connect to db and execute queries and explore schema etc, but in a Python script it doesnt detect sql commands.p  pFor a simple script along these lines I would want the sql parts to be highlighted when doing the string concatenations that are necessary in order to execute more complex logic than pure sql. I am using mysql if that makes a difference and have installed the DB navigator plug in.p  pdef main     import pyodbc     import pandas.io.sql as sqlp  precodecnxn  pyodbc.connectDSNmydsn  sqlcommand  SELECT msgid, message FROM table a dfmessages  sql.readsqlsqlcommand, cnxn  printdfmessages codepre  pif strongnamestrong  strongmainstrong     mainp  pTried with Php storm and using there it is by default. If this is not possible what are the other options in terms of getting Python and syntax highlighting in onep
Positive 110 pIs there some plugin for ST3 to highlight source control changes like Atomp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comClCp6.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comClCp6.png altenter image description hereap
Positive 110 pI created a docker container.  I can ssh into the docker container.  How can I view files in my docker container with a GUI specifically the WebStorm IDEp  pemIm running a MAC on OSX Yosemite 10.10.5.emp
Positive 110 pI was used to the Eclipse IDE that when you hover the mouse on any place in the code it shows a text over the editor in a popup window with things like the Error of the line, the documentation of the variable and etc..p  pNow on VisualStudio the same function exists and Im able to use the texttip to check the objects docs and etc.. my question isp  pHow can I focus the popup window so I can copy the text from the tipp  pPS On Eclipse that used to be the F2 or F3, not sure key.p
Positive 110 pI cant stand Eclipse anymore But I cannot use Intellij Full Version too. Is there a set o alternative plugins to JSF tat permits the use with Intellij Community p  pMoreover...p  pDo any of you have used last versions Netbeans it has worked well professionallyp  pThis question is pure opinative.p
Positive 110 pIve just installed PHPStrom 9 and read the a hrefhttpswww.jetbrains.comphpstormwhatsnew relnofollowWhats new in PHPStorm 9a I met some new usefull tool asp  blockquote   pMultiple Consoles per data source, now with a schema switcher, local history, and easier accessp blockquote  pBut I cant find where I can create one more database console per one data source.p
Positive 110 pI was using an older version of eclipse with an older JDK, JRE and now trying to upgrade to a newer version of eclipse I can not see new packages or the interfaces that should show the .java files. I have tried making a new workspace and import doesnt work, even without old files nothing in the package explorer is visible. a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comgaOYJ.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comgaOYJ.png altenter image description hereap
Positive 110 pI am a new ios developer.I want to know the difference between these four. Can you tell me with some related examples.And tell me how to identify itp
Positive 110 pthe android studio was working fine but suddenly the android studio couldnt access the variables.   p  pif i start typing  the name of any variable in the auto import window none of the variables are present.p
Positive 110 pI am new in codeandroidcode and want to know how to add codelandscapecode mode in codeandroidcode can anyone tell me about the easiest way to do that. Im looking for a way that is very simple.p  pIf you have this kind of question check the answer below.p  pthanks....p
Positive 110 pThe solution is not cmdshiftbackspace, which takes you back to your last edit.  I want to go back to where the cursor last was.  p  pThanks p
Positive 110 pWhen we create a new class in netbeans I have to extend it manually if I have to, I want to extend the new class when it is being created using the New PHP Class dialog box.p  pIs there any plugin for Netbeans which could help to select a class as parent when creating a new class in New PHP Class dialog box in Netbeans 8.0.2 as shown belowp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com1cn40.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1cn40.jpg altenter image description hereap
Positive 110 pId love to ask someone to hint me what to do. I have installed DevC on my computer the 5.11 ver. I dont know what happened to it, if its Windows 8.1 problem or some other I really dont know, but when I start to debug, it simply stops working. What exactly happens I open devc, then I open my .c file. I set a breakpoint in my source code, and when I hit debug, a popup windows showsp  precodeYou have not enabled debugging info g andor stripped it from executable s in Compiler Options. Do you want to correct this now codepre  pAnd when I hit yes, it simply stops to respond, and crashes. I have never occured such situation, because on every computer I have worked, Id got no problem with debugging on DevC. Even running it in compatibility mode didnt help.  I really dont know what to do. For any help, thanks in advancep
Positive 110 pI found it easier to understand the code when I know the hierarchy relationship between classes, so it would be helpful that anyone who points the path how to open the window which shows the hierarchy tree of a class as showed belowp  pSorry that I dont have enough reputation to post images, a hrefhttppic002.cnblogs.comimages20122676032012012021594986.png relnofollowplease click here to view the image....ap  pThanks for your concernp
Positive 110 pIn Visual Studio when you select project or project items in the solution explorer there are times when you might want to add custom properties to the properties windowthe window that pops up when you press F4. Also, to fill in the values of those properties I need to add a button to pop up a form so I can collect information from the user at design time.  p  pWhat is the simplest implementation of this so I can get started How would I create a user interface to collect the value some how by using UITypeEditAttributep
Positive 110 pIve been using a really cool idea for python rodeo. Basically the interface looks like Rstudio. However, it doesnt recognize loop by giving the following error SyntaxError unexpected EOF while parsing. p  pAnd when I paste the same command on my python shell and it works just fine. p  pAnyone know how to debug it p
Positive 110 pI just opened a fifth workspace and i dont know why but my Eclipse words on the editor became so Palelight or whatever you want to call it.p  pIt became like codeAndroid Studiocode editor with the pale keywords and colors.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com1rUay.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1rUay.png altenter image description hereap  pWhy is that How do i get the colors of the keywords to be darker the blue and purple.p  pAnd also my import statements dont have the Plus  Minus sign to fold and unfold them.p  pAlso some of the variables are not blue not the ones you see in the pic.p  pPlease help me. Thank you.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com2wrFn.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com2wrFn.png altenter image description hereap  pThe codeWifiManagercode variable not supposed to be bluep
Positive 110 pHas anyone come up with a way to change the Xcode 7 IDE application font size file lists, panels, target info, etc.p  pstrongNOT the fonts in the editors or console frames thats trivialstrongp  pPlease notep  ul lipWriting to defaults does NOT work.pli lipUsing the EditFormatFontsBigger does NOT work.pli lipInstalling a plugin to change the editor fonts does NOT work.pli lipComplaining about Apple does NOT work.pli ul  pYes, this question has been asked before, but IT HAS NOT BEEN ANSWERED except for people saying I dont know or It cant be done or Use a different IDE or explaining how to change editor fonts. p  pstrongPlease dont reply unless you have a solution.strongp
Positive 110 pI thought for sure this would be a normal thing, but while reading about Nitrous, Koding, Codio, etc, I couldnt quite find it. p  pI want to build a site in an online IDE and share a private url with people to use it. I dont want the public to see it, only those that I invite via email or authentication or p  pI thought Codio did it, but it says that noone can see a private url. And everyone can see a public url. Not what I want.p
Positive 110 pIve been using eclipse until recently for java. Im starting out with a embedded c project and there seems to be a lot of functionality missing in IAR Embedded Workbench IDE. I dont want to switch as projects Im working on are made for this IDE and migrating would be quite a hassle. p  pIs there a way to enable refactoring and clicking to find declarations of variables etc. p
Positive 110 pIm pretty new to developing mobile apps. I have written an HTML5 game and would like to make it available on Google Play and on the Apple store. The web is full of frameworks, services, cloud services, helpers, etc. that facilitate the development, deployment, update, etc. of mobile apps.p  pTheyre so plenty Im not even sure where to begin.p  pMy question Which one would you recommend, and for what steps Knowing thatp  ul liMy code is in HTML5 and I cant rewrite it in C and Swing for the target platforms. Is that where Cordova or Phonegap kicks inli liIm using a windows machine for now as my mac computer needs a new hard disk.li liI would like to test my app using a device i.e. not the browser. Physical, virtual, as long as its reliable and doesnt take 5 mins between I hit build and the moment the app starts running   ul liI have both a 4s iPhone and S3 Galaxy.li liI see things like Ionic deploy, phonegap build selfupdating apps without needing the user to perform appstorebased update.li liSeems there also are cloud services creating packages for all platforms without needing to have the various IDEs installed. Did I get it rightli ulli ul  pNB wishful thinking here I imagine there exists a method similar to a web developers F5 key to allow a one step build amp deploy capability. Im not that genius programmer hitting the build switch every 20 mins and writing code that compilesworks immediately. I really need tools making deployment easy for lots of trial amp errorp  pThis is quite an open question, thanks in advance for your leads  experiences  advicesp
Positive 110 pI have a python application that run perfectly on python IDE. It makes serial communication with an external device.p  precodeimport serial, string port  serial.SerialdevttyUSB0, 38400, timeout10.0 serial.PARITYNONE serial.EIGHTBITS serial.STOPBITSONE   Set Rotor size  port.writebytes[53, 4, 36, 0, 83] printSet Rotor size data  port.read20 data1 listdata printdata1 codepre  pI get the following correct outputp  blockquote   blockquote     blockquote precodeSet Rotor size [53, 1, 4, 0, 83, 53, 27, 0, 132, 83] codepre     blockquote   blockquote blockquote  pBut when I try to run in the linux terminal, I get different output which is wrong.p  precodepiraspberrypi homepython  python serialcomm.py Set Rotor Size [[, 5, 3, xff,  , ,,  , 8, 3, ], ,,  , 8, xff,     ]                                                                                                             , ,, x1b, x01, x84, ]] codepre
Positive 110 pThis doesnt affect the code, but it is kind of annoying. p  pI have these 3 methods inside my controllerp  precodepublic function chainOne      return this   public function chainTwo      return this   public function chainThree      return this  codepre  pThe method that is being called once hitting the specific route is thisp  precodepublic function indexAction       thisgtchainOne             gtchainTwo             gtchainThree   codepre  pPHPStorm says codemethod chainThree not found in class thiscode. But the code inside codechainThreecode is being executed without a problem. p  pHow can I fix it Is it a bugp
Positive 110 pSuch a trivial concern should show up first on google, but the answer isnt on SO.p  pI am tired of using vim when Xcode is supposed to be an IDE emphasis on Ip  pHow do I open a Podfile in Xcodep
Positive 110 pI am very new to WebGL framework but i am very excited to learn and build 2D amp 3D based application using this framework. p  pSo , can you please suggest me which IDE or Editor to write WebGL code in Windows.p
Positive 110 pCoworker has VS 2015 installed and needs vb6 on his machine. p  pThe popup service pack setup has detected that the version of the system installed is newer than the update you are applying to itp  pIs there a work around for this p
Positive 110 pIs there any code completion support for the Ace code editor with C and .NET classesp  pIs it possible to use Microsoft Monaco editor on private sites outside Azurep  pOther web based editors out there with code completion, intellisense, coloring for .NET C I can use freely or buy for a smaller amount 20p
Positive 110 pWe loaded an existing running well with VS2013 project into Visual Studio 2015 and got the problem that editing VisualBasic workflow WF activities expression e.g. in the assignactivity opens an obviously broken sometimes white sometimes a crumbled oneliner Expression Editor popup window. This seems to be an issue with Visual Basic only but we require that because C workflows are not clientable.p
Positive 110 pIs there a way to have a JavaScript object without the JavaScript base members showing in Visual Studio 2013 Community intellisense   For instance if I create an object like this p  precodevar RazorValues       IsFrench false,     IsValid false,     UserID 1,     UserFullName ,     StartDate null,     PatientReference 1,     SaveChangesURL ,     HasChanges false,     IsAllDispillValid false,     IsUserHasRightToValidate false codepre  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comTV1f4.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTV1f4.png altenter image description herea When I use the object I see many functions and properties which isnt part of my object but I dont want them, I dont need them and would like to hide them or any way to make a type of object in JavaScript in order for the intellisense to not show them p  pNOTE  I had to add the letter A in front of every property so I have them all at the top but its ugly p
Positive 110 pI just want to know if there is a tool or a function on right click to generate automatically a jUnit class when weve created a basic java class p  pBecause I think Ive already done this... But I can not remember how.p  pIDE Eclispe Mars.p  pThanks p
Positive 110 pIve been developing web applications in Eclipse and recently decided to give a shot to IntelliJ Idea. My webserver has about 15 artifacts and in Eclipse they were automatically assigned application context based on their names. Now in Idea it defaults them all to  which is obviously incorrect. Can I somehow set it to automatically define application context based on artifact name or do I have to enter them all manually Sorry if thats a newbie question, I tried googling it and searching inside various settings for Idea but couldnt find the answer.p
Positive 110 pI have downloaded windows installer for GO language and installed it. But there seems to have no option to run it interactively like Python etc. How can I run Go interactively Are there any IDE for the Go Language Someone please explain me how can I do that.p
Positive 110 pQuick question about Resharper.p  pIt is possible to display expression value during debugging like in CodeRushp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comIfWO1.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIfWO1.png altenter image description hereap  pOr is there any other CodeRush alternative that can do thatp
Positive 110 pThe same problem which is occuring in this question is happening a lot to me a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions19767894warningdonotaccesssuperglobalpostarraydirectlyonnetbeans74forphWarning quotDo not Access Superglobal POST Array Directlyquot on Netbeans 7.4 for PHPap  pHowever  of course I take care with POST and user input etc. but I do this with custom functions which NetBeans does not understand and therefore my IDE is full of warnings.p  pAnother annoying example Too many nested blocks in function declaration. Of course you should avoid that, but I think this is not always possible.p  pHow can I disable single warnings in the Netbeans IDE while still keeping all other warningsp
Positive 110 pDo I need to specify a file both in Copy Bundle Resources and Copy Files phase Also, while I have some understanding of what both of them is for, can someone explain in what ways these to are different and in what ways similar Lastly, what is the meaning of the directories shown in destination and subfolder field, as for the actual paths I thought if I put a folder to copy files phase it would ALSO create a folder in the package contents of the app but it did not.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comg83S1.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comg83S1.png altimageap  pI would appreciate if someone helps me. Thanks.p
Positive 110 pHow do I collect multiple Jetbrains IDEs into one, like I do with Eclipse using plugins I do Java, Ruby and CC and dont wont a single IDE installed for every programming language.p
Positive 110 pI migrated on a c solution for from visual studio 2008 to 2012 and then 2013. Batch build from IDE started last year giving hassle for the solution and also main project for the release build of any CPU.p  pNo problem running debug or just batch build for debug.p  pThe error codeError   34  Files has invalid value ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt. Illegal characters in path.   Myprojcodep  pI just cant see what is wrong of the relevant .csproj and .soln files upon viewing and comparing to that of projects has no problem.p  pI tried created a new project in visual studio from scratch. Still have the same problem. p  pRight now I had to use the following work around to get a release build when I ran the batch build for both codedebugx86code and codereleaseanycode, I will get that error message for the solution. I can then scope to the main project. Change the the build to release any CPU and right click on the main project to build. After that I seem to be able get a fresh build of the myproj.exe in the binrelease.p  pAfter that Myproj.exe runs without problem from binreleasep  phelp is greatly appreciatedp
Positive 110 pI want to build an IDE based on Eclipse for embedded Linux app development. p  pI know Eclipse CDT is good for cc developing. But I need to do a lot of customization. The a hrefhttpgnuarmeclipse.github.io relnofollowGNU ARM Eclipsea is very close to what I need, but my target architecture is not ARM.p  pSo, where should I start Is CDT just enough and easy for customization Thanks a lot.p
Positive 110 pIs there a way to put a background image on the NetBeans main window Is it possible to write a plugin that can make thisp  pHere is a photo montage of what I wantp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.compeI7H.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.compeI7H.jpg altPhoto montageap  pIf it is not possible to do is there any other Java IDE that have this optionp
Positive 110 pIve recently started learning how to use Allegro 5 in C and Im currently having trouble getting it set up in an Xcode project. Ive gotten accustomed to the basics of Allegro 5 using Vim, but now Id like to create a game to help strengthen my understanding of C amp to learn some game programming concepts.p  pI have looked online for guides on how to set Allegro 5 with Xcode but they all seem to use earlier versions of Xcode which Ive tried to follow to no avail  Im not familiar with Xcode. Also, as Im a selftaught programmer, I havent found any guides explaining the basics of IDEs on the internet e.g. whats a build target Whats a build phase.p  pIn vim, Ive been using codegcode with the following code in a makefile to compile my Allegro 5 codep  precodeall main.cpp ship.cpp     g Iusrlocalinclude IUsersuserNameDesktopCAsteroidsinclude Lusrlocallib lallegro lallegrodialog lallegroimage lallegromain lallegroprimitives example.cpp o example.exe codepre  pDoes anybody know of any good detailed guides on how to set up Allegro 5 on Xcodep  pI have used IntelliJ amp Pycharm before but Im not familiar with all the different settings that an IDE has, especially when one needs to add 3rd party libraries to their project.p
Positive 110 pCan one please advice the key combination to format python code in annacondaSpyder IDE In Eclipse IDE when coding in Java I usually use command F, however here similar causes search window to pop up.p  pThank youp
Positive 110 pI would like to ask for recommendations of IDE for JSON  HTML5 with WYSIWYG capability. I am working on Windows 8.1  10. Are there such IDE availablep  pThanks.p
Positive 110 pI try to do the following refactoring steps in Eclipse IDE JDT and can nott find the required refactorings and can not remember the name of all of the steps. I checked the refactorings at a hrefhttpssourcemaking.comrefactoring relnofollowSourceMackinga and do not find the correct one.p  pHere is what I want to dop  precodeclass A      methodB b        doSomethingWithA       b.doSomethingWithB          [...]   class B      [...]  codepre  ol liMake static  missing name of the refactoringli ol  p.p  precodeclass A      static methodA a, B b        a.doSomethingWithA       b.doSomethingWithB          [...]   class B      [...]  codepre  ol start2 liMove Methodli ol  p.p  precodeclass A      [...]   class B      static methodA a, B b        a.doSomethingWithA       b.doSomethingWithB          [...]  codepre  ol start3 liConvert to Member Method  What would be the correct nameli ol  p.p  precodeclass A      [...]   class B      methodA a        a.doSomethingWithA       doSomethingWithB          [...]  codepre  pSo anyone knowing something to do this step by step in Eclipse or do know the name of the refactorings is welcome. The goal is to have IDE support for every step.p
Positive 110 pAs said in the title , i need to create a JButton2 in JFrame2 which is triggered by the click of JButton1 in JFrame1 , After that the name that is inserted into a variable by the clicking of JButton1 , should be displayed in JButton3 in JFrame3, which is opened by JButton2.  p
Positive 110 pThese find any command dialog in these IDEseditors makes new features and keyboard shortcuts much more discoverable.p  pDoes Emacs have an equivalent Mx sort of works, but its missing a hint of the keybinding annotation and also isnt quite as fluid with the autocomplete compared as these cases.p
Positive 110 pI have the following library a hrefhttpspypi.python.orgpypiRPi.GPIO relnofollowhttpspypi.python.orgpypiRPi.GPIOap  pI wish to add it to intelliJ so I get autocomplete support.  However I cant see to find an option to add a library.p  pI tried Project Structure  Dependencies    Library  New Library p  pBut that just gives me options for a New Library for Java, From Marven and Scala, but NOT python. p  pHelpp  pNote I do have the Python InteliJ plugin installed and I created this project by clicking a new Python Project within InteliJ before anyone asks.p
Positive 110 pI accidentally exited the a hrefhttpswww.jetbrains.comclionhelprunningclionultimateforthefirsttime.html relnofollowcomplete installationa section of CLion before I managed to finish. I got to this pointp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comko9PV.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comko9PV.png altCLion  configure MinGWCygwin, CMake and GDBap  pWhen I got here, I realized that I hadnt installed g on Cygwin, so I paused to install g. I also closed the codeCustomize CLioncode window.p  pNow whenever I open CLion, it skips straight to the welcome menup  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comV240f.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comV240f.png altCLion  Welcome Menuap  pHow can I get back and go through the codeCustomize Clioncode as if I had just done so the first timep  pNote that this is not specific to CLion, but applies at least to Intellij and likely most of Jetbrains IDEs.p
Positive 110 pi have c program that is controlled by java script using the SpiderMonkey.  so for running my app i run it like  p  precodeMyApp.exe main.js codepre  pmy question is how can i debug the JavaScript part and the c part  if not possible so just the JavaScript part   p  pfrom my testing NetBeans and Eclipse working well with c and javascriptbr but how to combine both .   or just the javascript partbr as i cant treat as normal web app which is not. p
Positive 110 pI use PhpStorm. What is the differences between TerminalAltF12 and Run Command tools run command.p
Positive 110 pI found many tutorials, and examples to set up Sublime Text 3 and hack lang support package.p  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comSiebelsTimhacksublime relnofollowhttpsgithub.comSiebelsTimhacksublimeap  pOr Atom with Nuclide package on Ubuntup  pa hrefhttpnuclide.io relnofollowhttpnuclide.ioap  pBut none of them worked. Do anybody found a fine tutorialp
Positive 110 pWhat is the IDE used game developers in C  for Windows and Linux I know that there are Microsoft Visual Studio, but it is not available for Linux. Or they develop games for Linux from under Windows I know that for a crossplatform software development using Qt, but I do not think that it is used in game development.p
Positive 110 pIn JBoss Devstudio, I am getting this new error with Tern codeSynchronizing script resources with tern servercode.  Its not really an error, but its a process that occurs every single time I click in a JavaScript file.  Its just spinning and freezes up the entire IDE.  This has never happened to me before, and I was working on the project yesterday without any issues.  p  pDoes anyone know what the hell this is  There isnt really anything on Google except one post that says to upgrade.p
Positive 110 pI am running into a frustrating issue with Visual Studio in which every time I open or refresh a solution, Visual Studio locks up for about 30 seconds and then I am met with this errorp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com6X4t1.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6X4t1.png altVisual Studio errorap  pThis happens about 10 times, so it takes about five minutes to get a working instance of Visual Studio.p  pI eventually traced this to entries in Server Explorer to which I dont have access. These seem to be autopopulated from connection string entries in various Web.config files throughout the solution. If I comment out the connection strings, the solution loads fine. But this is not an ideal solution because I dont want to commit these changes to source control.p  pIs there a way to stop this autopopulation of Server Explorer I dont remember this ever happening in previous version of Visual Studio, so maybe its new in 2015p
Positive 110 pI was wondering if there was any way to repalce multiple line in multiple files at the same timep  pI know under editFind in Filesp  pthis will show all the desires lines in all the files, however you have to raeplce them one by one, anyone way to just like REPLACE ALLp
Positive 110 pI know this is more of a meta programming question, but Im not sure on which Stack Exchange platform I shall put this question on.p  pSo, Wikipedia lists the following name historyp  ul liCallisto li liEuropali liGanymedeli liGalileoli liHeliosli liIndigoli liJunoli liKepler     li liLuna   li liMars li liNeonli ul  pWhy are codeDcode and codeFcode missing Arent there any celestial names beginning with those letters I can guess the naming convention didnt exist before Callisto, so that may be the reason codeAcode and codeBcode are missing.p
Positive 110 pId like to use PEP8 accepted formatp  precode Hanging indents should add a level. foo  longfunctionname     varone, vartwo,     varthree, varfour codepre  pHow to configure PyDev so when I open bracket and press Enter it moves caret to next line with increased indentation by one level Currently after hitting Enter caret is set just below openning bracket.p  pIs it configurable at allp
Positive 110 pI try to remove two things in PhpStorm but I can not remove them. Do you know if it is possible p  pA friend who works on Mac do not have these bars. And Im on Windows and looking for some time for settings to remove them.p  pView the attached picture.p  p1  Toolbarbr 2  Path Methodp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comJ5U67.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJ5U67.png altenter image description hereap
Negative 110 pI downloaded and installed the Aptana Studio free version. But apparently, to install the Radrails plugin for ruby on rails development you have to connect to the internet. I dont have internet on my machine right now. So is there a way I could download the installer from another machine and copy it over my existing Aptana installationp  pUpdate Found a link for download a hrefhttpupdate.aptana.cominstallrails3.2 relnofollowherea Access denied nowp
Negative 110 pIm looking at developing a device which will need to support Ethernet over USB hosted in Linux, XP, and Vista. As I understand it, Vista and Linux support the industry standard USB CDC. However, in classic Windows style, XP only supports its own Remote NDIS. So, now Im thinking of just bowing down and doing it over RNDIS, as opposed to rolling my own CDC driver for XP.p  pIve been reading some older documentation that says even XP is pretty buggy with NDIS suprise. Does anyone have experience with XPs RNDIS drivers Are they safe for product development Any insight would be much appreciated.p
Negative 110 pWould using WSDualHttpBinding for duplex callbacks work in realworld scenarios  Say, I have a .NET application that uses a random port, would the service be able to resolve the clients base addresses and port for callbacksp
Negative 110 pSome 4 years back, I followed this a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms973825.aspxMSDN articlea for DateTime usage best practices for building a .Net client on .Net 1.1 and ASMX web services with SQL 2000 server as the backend. I still remember the serialization issues I had with DateTime and the testing effort it took for servers in different time zones.p  pMy questions is this Is there a similar best practices document for some of the new technologies like WCF and SQL server 2008, especially with the addition of new datetime types for storing time zone aware info.p  pThis is the environmentp  ol liSQL server 2008 on Pacific Time.li liWeb Services layer on a different time zone.li liClients could be using .Net 2.0 or .Net 3.5 on different time zones. If it makes it easy, we can force everyone to upgrade to .Net 3.5. li ol  pAny good suggestionsbest practices for the data types to be used in each layerp
Negative 110 pIm looking at using a Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 wiki as a metadata repository.  We basically want a communitydriven dictionary and for various reasons were using Sharepoint instead of say MediaWiki.p  pstrongWhat can I do to customize or completely replace searchresults.aspxstrongp  pFeatures Id add if I knew howp  ol liAutomatically load the 1 hit if it is a 100 match to the search termli liShow the first few lines of each result as a preview so users dont have to click through to bad resultsli liAdd a Page doesnt exist, click here to create it link in cases where theres not a 100 matchli ol  pIve got Sharepoint Designer installed and it looks like Ill be able to use it to upload any custom .aspx files I create but I dont see that it will give me access to searchresults.aspx.p  pNote  Since I plan to access this search tool from an external site via URL parameters it should be fine to leave the existing searchresults.aspx unchanged and  just load this solution as a complementary search option.p
Negative 110 pIm asking for a template trick to detect if a class has a specific member function of a given signature.p  pThe problem is similar to the one cited here a hrefhttpwww.gotw.cagotw071.htmhttpwww.gotw.cagotw071.htma but not the same in the item of Sutters book he answered to the question that a class C MUST PROVIDE  a member function with a particular signature, else the program wont compile. In my problem I need to do something if a class has that function, else do something else. p  pA similar problem was faced by boostserialization but I dont like the solution they adopted a template function that invokes by default a free function that you have to define with a particular signature unless you define a particular member function in their case serialize that takes 2 parameters of a given type with a particular signature, else a compile error will happens. That is to implement both intrusive and nonintrusive serialization. p  pI dont like that solution for two reasons 1 to be non intrusive you must override the global serialize function that is in boostserialization namespace, so you have IN YOUR CLIENT CODE to open namespace boost and namespace serialization And a second, practical reason, is because the stack to resolve that mess was 10 to 12 function invocation... and Im a game developer.p  pI need to define a custom behavior for classes that has not that member function, and my entities are inside different namespaces and I dont want to override a global function defined in one namespace while Im in another onep  pCan you give me an hint to solve this puzzlep  pEDIT Chris JesterYoung I know well Koenig lookup. In fact I was surprised of what they did in documentation a hrefhttpwww.boost.orgdoclibs1360libsserializationdocindex.htmlhttpwww.boost.orgdoclibs1360libsserializationdocindex.htmlap  pwhy open the boostserialization namespacep  pbut you are not answering to my question I dont want to do the same thing of boostserialization. Maybe I decide to do nothing if the class has not that function with that signature. in boostserialization if you dont have that member function OR if you dont override global serialize function... compile error I dont want this.p  pEDIT Tom Leys Im sorry thats not what I expected as answer. What you suggest me is not what I want. If you read the link to the gotw site old site of Herb Sutter youll discover that your solution is both intrusive and I dont want and it doesnt solve the problem with the signature and it doesnt solve the fact that I can accept classes that dont have that member function... Its a bit more tricky.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to write a servlet that will send a XML file xml formatted string to another servlet via a POST. Non essential xml generating code replaced with Hello therep  precode   StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder     sb.appendHello there      URL url  new URLtheservlets URL     HttpURLConnection connection  HttpURLConnectionurl.openConnection                     connection.setRequestMethodPOST     connection.setRequestPropertyContentLength,   sb.length      OutputStreamWriter outputWriter  new OutputStreamWriterconnection.getOutputStream     outputWriter.writesb.toString     outputWriter.flush     outputWriter.close codepre  pThis is causing a server error, and the second servlet is never invoked.p
Negative 110 pI am using gsoap to create a soap server in C. Messages are routed through a bus written in Java. Both the server and the bus are multithreaded. Everything works well sending one message at a time through the system. If I start 3 clients each sending messages as fast as possible everything is fine for about 3500 messages. Then I begin receiving periodic Only one socket connection allowed at a time. errors from the gsoap code. Typical about 3950 of 4000 messages make it through OK. With all 50 failures happening in the last 500 sends. p  ol lipWhy would these errors occur after many sends, but not at the beginning of the sending The rate of send does not increase.pli lipWhat is it talking about I cannot find any explanation of the error, and its meaning is not clear to me.pli lipAnyone successfully multithreaded a gsoap apppli ol  pHere is my server code.p  precodelong WINAPI threadGOsoap x  int mainint argc, char argv[]  HANDLE thread1 int m, s  master and slave sockets  struct soap soap  soapnew if argc lt 2 soapservesoap  serve as CGI application  else     m  soapbindsoap, NULL, atoiargv[1], 100    if m lt 0           soapprintfaultsoap, stderr       exit1      fprintfstderr, Socket connection successful master socket  dn, m   for          s  soapacceptsoap      thread1     CreateThreadNULL,0,LPTHREADSTARTROUTINEthreadGO,soapcopysoap,0,NULL     soapdonesoap freesoap return 0   long WINAPI threadGOsoap x  soapservex soapendx return 0    codepre
Negative 110 pWhat is best way to allow user to pick date from a mobile device from usability prospectivep
Negative 110 pI have a custom XML schema defined for page display that puts elements on the page by evaluating XML elements on the page.  This is currently implemented using the preg regex functions, primarily the excellent pregreplacecallback function, egp  precode... s  pregreplacecallbackltfieldgt.ltfieldgt, replacefield, s ...  function replacefieldgroups    return issetfields[group[1]  fields[groups[1]]    codepre  pJust as an example.p  pNow this works pretty well... so long as the XML elements arent nested.  At this point it gets a whole lot more complicated, like if you havep  precodeltfield nameoutergt   ltfield nameinnergt     ...   ltfieldgt ltfieldgt codepre  pYou want to make sure you replace the innermost field first.  Judicious use of greedynongreedy regex patterns can go some of the way to handling these more complicated scenarios but the clear message is that Im reaching the limits of what regex can reasonably do and really I need to be doing XML parsing.p  pWhat Id like is an XML transformation package thatp  pallows me to conditionally evaluateinclude the contained document tree or not based on a callback function ideally analagous to pregreplacecallback can handle nested elements of the same or different types and handles attributes in a nice way eg as an associative array.p  pWhat can help me along the wayp
Negative 110 pIts common to see a UISearchBar in an application, that upon a click, will enlarge and animate into view with a keyboard. Im curious, is this something the iPhone SDK provides for free, or is the Animation code more than likely written by the developer I use a UISearchBar in several controllers, however by default a keyboard just pops into view, the search bar does not animate in any fashion. This is also very prominent in apps that have a search icon. How is it typically donep
Negative 110 pWe use an enterprise framework that we wrote to facilitate all sorts of company specific stuff that we do.p  pWithin the framework, we provide a LINQ to SQL ORM to use when appropriate. All of this is based on the Microsoft MVC framework. On the MVC side, we new up a datacontext in our base controller. This allows us a full datacontext lifecycle, which is extremely useful for transactions.p  pOne task that were looking to accomplish is to provide Winforms support.p  pHowever, Im banging my head against the wall trying to figure out an approach that would work in a similar fashion for Winforms.p  pGiven that the MVC approach is pretty straight forward becase one page load represents a logical transaction, its difficult to come up with a solution on the Winforms side.p  pHas anyone done anything similar or have any recommendationsp
Negative 110 pI have a simple bat script that copies files from an known directory to a directory given by the user. How can I pass the path it might contain spaces to my script and use it with the xcopy commandp  hr  pIn my code i have the followingp  precodeREADPWAPATH     if 1             rem Set default path         set PWAPATHCProgram FilesPWA         rem         echo You have not specified your PWA url.         echo Default will be assumed CProgram FilesPWA.          choice CYN MDo you wish to continue [Y] or cancel the script [N]             IF ERRORLEVEL 2 GOTO CANCEL             IF ERRORLEVEL 1 GOTO READWSSSERVEREXTENSIONSPATH         GOTO END      else          set PWAPATH1      codepre  pIf I simply call the script I get the following errorp  precodeCProjectsSetupgtinstall.cmd Cprogram files x86   SETUP SCRIPT   files was unexpected at this time. CProjectsSetupgt codepre
Negative 110 pIf I have a program which creates and attempts to open a named pipe using mkfifo, how can I open a pipe for reading or writing without blockingp  pSpecifically, Im writing a C program which can be run with or without a gui written in Java.p  pIn the C program, I successfully create the named pipes using mkfifo, however when I dop  precodeFILE in  fopenPIPEIN, r  Where PIPEIN is the filename codepre  pfopen doesnt return until the GUI opens that pipe for writing. What I wish to do is have that pipe ready to be read once if the GUI decides to write to it  Ill be putting the file descriptor in a select call. Its reasonable to expect that the java GUI may never actually be started, so I cannot rely on it to open the other end of the pipe at any specific point or even at all.p  pI will also have a second pipe open for writing, and I assume I will have the same problem. Further, I cant set ONONBLOCK on an output pipe that has no reader.p  pAny suggestionsp  pThis is running on a linux systemp
Negative 110 pI have a dijit.layout.AccordionContainer on my page which is defined in the html and created when dojo parses the page on load.p  pThen, as the user interacts with the page I use Ajax to retrieve data and programmatically populate the container removing existing items first.p  pTo illustrate my issue simply, here is some code that doesnt workp  precode   function doit          var accordion  dijit.byIdaccordionShell         accordion.getChildren.eachfunctionitem              accordion.removeChilditem                  for i  1 i lt 5 i              var d  new dijit.layout.AccordionPanetitlehello, contentworld             accordion.addChildd               codepre  pThis fails, because only the first item in the accordian is visible. I think the others actually exist, but they are not visible so you cant do anything.p  pIve managed to get around it byp  ol liAlways ensuring there is 1 item in the accordian so I never remove the first childli liCall accordian.layout after changing the contentsli ol  pSo, this code works as long as you always want to see the first item, and dont actually expand any but the first onep  precode   function doit          var accordion  dijit.byIdaccordionShell         var i  0         accordion.getChildren.eachfunctionitem              if i gt 0 accordion.removeChilditem             i                  for i  1 i lt 5 i              var d  new dijit.layout.AccordionPanetitlehello, contentworld             accordion.addChildd                  accordion.layout       codepre  pI am using Dojo 1.2.0  Anyone know what I am doing wrongp
Negative 110 pI am trying to use Interop.Excell to save an Excel Workbook as a PDF file. I am using VS2008 and Office2007, and have downloaded and installed the SaveAsPDFandXPS.exe from Microsoft. This enabled me to save a Word document as a pdf using the following code          object frmt  Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.WdSaveFormat.wdFormatPDF          wrd.ActiveDocument.SaveAsref dest, ref frmt, ref unknown, ref unknown,... Pretty cool excpet for the whole Interop thing.p  pAnyway, I have been unsucsessful in finding a parallel in Interop.Excell for the Word.WdSaveFormat.wdFormatPDF. The Workbook.SaveAs takes a Interop.Excel.XlFileFormat, but there is no option for a pdf format. Has anyone done this or has experience in this areap
Negative 110 pI have received the unfortunate requirement of building a page that displays a new password to the authenticated user. I have unsuccessfully protested this requirement as a generally bad idea, but I think the jury is still out so perhaps there are arguments against displaying a new password that I havent tried yet. Do you have any suggestionsp  pSecond, would it be better to display the password to the user as an image, rather than as text. Im concerned about the text being scraped which Im assuming would be more difficult with an image. How do I make sure that the image will not be cached by the users browserp  pthanks in advance,p
Negative 110 pI had once a situation where I had to override the event handler in some derived class of mine. I could not unfortunately just override it since the implementation logic was bound strictly to that particular method implementation in the base class.p  pMy natural idea was to first unbind the original event handler from the event and then to bind my own brandnew method. So I tried to use the  operator likep  precodemyObject.SomeEvent  new EventHandler BaseClass.SomeEventHandler codepre  pat which point the compiler complainer that it had no access to the private method SomeEventHandler. Since the base class was a part of the library I did not really want to modify its implementation though simply as it seems by just turning private into protectedp  pIts so simple to attach an event handler to an event. Why is it so difficult to get rid of onep  pWhy I wanted it Because the base implementation was casing some problems just did not handle our particular case so I wanted to redefine it. But even after I attached my event handler the base implementation was getting executed anyway. Since it was doing some kind of Redirect, my own implementation was never going to run since the request processing was being broken at server after redirect.p  pIs there anyway to get rid of an event handler in a base class from a library without modifying its implementationp
Negative 110 pIs there a tool that can do a diff of two methods Im working on some legacy code that has several 100200 line methods that contain a lot of duplication and I would like to abstract the duplication out. Being able to diff the two methods would be a huge help. In case it matters, Im working with .NET and Visual Studio 2008.p
Negative 110 pOne of my clients wants to distribute a javascript widget that people can put on their websites. However he wants to ensure that the backlink is left intact for SEO purposes and part of the price of using the widget. So the javascript hes going to distribute might look like thisp  precodeltscript idmyscript srchttpexample.comwidgetscript.jsgtltscriptgt ltdiv stylefontsize10pxgtlta hrefhttpwww.example.combacklinkpage.htmlgt   Visit Exaxmple.comltagtltdivgt codepre  pwidgetscript.js would display some html on the page. But what wew want to ensure is that some wiley webmaster doesnt strip out the back link. If they do we might display a message like widget installed incorrectly or something. Any ideas  thoughts.p  pSome code taken from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions248351howcanicreateajavascriptbadgeorwidgetthis questiona.p
Negative 110 pIm planning to develop a web application that targets the iPhone. I will use APT.NET to develop the application. I will probably use ASP.NET MVC. p  pIm researching how I will imitate the native iPhone look and feel in my web application. Im looking for an approach that will be easy to use with the ASP.NET platform. p  pSo far, I found iUI code.google.compiui. iUI a collection of CSS stylesheets and javascripts to imitate the native iPhone look and feel. Im not sure yet how easy it is to integrate with ASP.NET as most samples are static html.p  pWhat are good ways to imitate the native iPhone look and feel in a web app developed with the ASP.NET platformp  pRegards,p  pSylp
Negative 110 pHow do I do a search and replace of text within a module in Access from another module in access  I could not find this on Google.  p  pFYI, I figured out how to delete a module programaticallyp  pCall DoCmd.DeleteObjectacModule, modBase64p
Negative 110 pWe are building an application that will be storing a lot of images.  We have a virtualized environment at GoGrid.com and we were hoping to utilize their cloud storage.p  pNot sure exactly how to word this, but if we in our code specify the unc path and creds to place or retrieve an image, that seems terribly inefficient connect, get image, disconnectp  pIf we have a large volume of images or many users performing this at once, it seems like it would bring any normal server to its knees.p  pSo my question is, short of having huge drives that your website is running on, how should we aim to accomplish this  Again, we are opting for the GoGrid cloud starge versus Amazon S3 since everything is under one nice umbrella.  The cloud storage is accessible via a UNC path and a specific usernamepassword.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIam working on a website with jquery and thumbnails.p  pWhen the page is loaded all the thumbnails have to be on 60 of opacity. As soon as you go with your mouse over a thumb it needs to fade to 100, if you move with your mouse out the thumbnail needs to fade back up on 60 of opacity.p  pWhen the user click on a thumbnail it have to stay at 100 of opacity. As soon as the user click on another thumbnail the old thumbnail has to fade back to 60 and the new one has to stay at 100. it already has 100 opacity because you go with your mouse over it.p  pThis is the code I have so farp  precodewindow.bindload, function  mycarousel li.fadeTo1, 0.6  mycarousel li.hoverfunction this.fadeTo350, 1.0 this.addClassActive ,function thisnot.Active.fadeTo350, 0.6   codepre  pAny help would be appreciated.p  pGreatings, Basp
Negative 110 pIm trying to access a Sql CE 2005 database on a windows mobile device from two different applciations. p  pFrom the information I found online it should work but when I open the second connection I get a file sharing violation error p  precodeThere is a file sharing violation. A different process might be using the file. [ Program FilesxxDB.sdf ] codepre  pAny ideas on what Im doing wrong p
Negative 110 pI see some people use it, but couldnt find any explanation on the net...p  pAny other special symbols other than Binding  that you know ofp
Negative 110 pIs there any way to get the location of a cell phone i.e. latitudelongitude automatically when the user views a web page This will primarily be used outside of the United States, so if there is some international standard that the US may or may not follow, thats what Id need to know.p
Negative 110 pIm building my own ajax website and Im contemplating between REST and RPC.br If my server supported Servlets Id just install a hrefhttpwww.persvr.org relnofollowperseverea and end the problem but my Server doesnt support Servlets.br RPC is simpler to code imo and can be written in PHP easily.br All I need is a database query executer.br Im using the Dojo Toolkit and JSON.  p  pWhy should I choose REST over RPC or RPC over REST  p
Negative 110 pIm building a plugin in Eclipse 3.5 on Windows which is a text editor for a language that my group works with. I distributed it as a .jar and just had people place it in the dropins folder. The problem is it doesnt run on any of the Macs that my coworkers use, but it seems to work fine on PCs. When run on a Mac, the plugin is simply not detected by Eclipse. No errors are generated as far as I can tell, Ive checked the log files and run Eclipse in debug mode with no results. Ive also tried clean with no success. Its as if the files not even there.p  pIm brandnew to Eclipse and Eclipse plugin development, so I did some googling and found out about the Delta Packs, so I installed the one for my version and retargeted my plugin.  Even after that we get the same result on the Mac  no result at all. Since I have to bug a coworker every time I want to try something I havent checked the error logs after trying the Delta Packd version. There are no platform filters specified, and all versions of Eclipse are set to use Java 1.6. Any help figuring this out would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 110 pI need a small unstructured database for my Ruby scripts. Not Sqlite, something more like a persistent hashtables would work perfectly, as long as it can store basic Ruby structures arrays, strings, hashes etc.  all serializable and wont get corrupted when Ruby scripts crash.p  pI know theres plenty of solutions like that for Perl with TieHash, so theres probably some gem like that for Ruby. What gem would that bep  pEDIT As far as I can tell PStore and yaml solutions are based on reading, unmarshaling, remarshaling and writing entire database on every change. That not only requires all of it to fit memory, its On2. So neither of them seem like a particularly good solution.p
Negative 110 pI know there are implementations of Python and of Perl for .NET. Have you ever heard of any similar plans for PHPp
Negative 110 pIn Java, one of the implementations of queue is circular array and the other one is linked list. What are their differencesp
Negative 110 pSo Im writing this EXE to process refunds, and when the jobs done, were sending out an email to a list of users that will probably be likep  pemDO NOT REPLYemp  pRefund processing has completed. N refunds were successfully processed. We encountered N errors. Please check a hrefhttpwhatever.url relnofollowhttpwhatever.urla for a detailed report.p  pThanks,p  pA computerp  pemDO NOT REPLYemp  pSo, were not talking about grinding out hundreds of emails here, just one a day with the relevant info slipstreamed in. Its unlikely that this email will ever be modified, and never by nontechnical staff. How should I go about storing this and processing the template into the email C String.Format style with 0 and 1, etc XMLXSLT seems like a hassle Do I store the template in App.config or put it in the database or something different altogetherp  pWhat did I ever do before StackOverflow p
Negative 110 pI have an ajax application where the client might lookup bunch of data frequentlysay by key stroke, the data gets updated on the server side once or twice a day at fixed times by a demon process.  To avoid visiting the server frequently, I store the data in a xml file, so the client downloads it once when the page first loads, then look the data up from local data file via javascript. But the user might load the page  shortly before the changes, then start using it without ever refreshing the page, so the data file never gets updated, hence keep telling user the new data is not available. How do I solve this issue p
Negative 110 pIm looking to implement a wizard C in WinForms emnotem WPF, and Id like it to comply with the Aero Wizard guidelines.p  pCan anyone point me at some sample codep
Negative 110 pI need to restrict cookies to my www subdomain, this works by me adding the line session.cookiedomain  www.example.com in the php.ini file. However I have a number of virtual hosts on my server so I need this domain to be different for each one. After a bit of a webseach, I have tried usingp  precodeSetEnv session.cookiedomain www.example.com  in my httpd.conf phpflag session.cookiedomain www.example.com in .htaccess codepre  pHowever both seem to stop cookies working all togetherp  pAny help much appreciatedp  pStup
Negative 110 pI was looking for a way to transform text entered into the textctrl field to uppercase.  I tried using a validator and transforming the value of the key event object to the uppercase letter char value using ord however I could not find any set methods.  I may be able to access the event class variable directly as class variables in python are never really private but im having trouble finding the exact information I need to do that.p  pAnyway this seems like an overly complicated approach.  Does anyone else have any suggestions.  Am I missing something obviousp
Negative 110 pI need to read in data files which look like thisp  precode SZA 10.00  2.648  2.648  2.648  2.648  2.648  2.648  2.648  2.649  2.650  2.650  2.652  2.653  2.652  2.653  2.654  2.654  2.654  2.654  2.654  2.654  2.654  2.654  2.654  2.655  2.656  2.656  2.657  2.657  2.657  2.656  2.656  2.655  2.655  2.653  2.653  2.653  2.654  2.658  2.669  2.669  2.667  2.666  2.666  2.664  2.663  2.663  2.663  2.662  2.663  2.663  2.663  2.663  2.663  2.663  2.662  2.660  2.656  2.657  2.657  2.657  2.654  2.653  2.652  2.651  2.648  2.647  2.646  2.642  2.641  2.637  2.636  2.636  2.634  2.635  2.635  2.635  2.635  2.634  2.633  2.633  2.633  2.634  2.634  2.635  2.637  2.638  2.637  2.639  2.640  2.640  2.639  2.640  2.640  2.639  2.639  2.638  2.640  2.640  2.638  2.639  2.638  2.638  2.638  2.638  2.637  2.637  2.637  2.634  2.635  2.636  2.637  2.639  2.641  2.641  2.643  2.643  2.643  2.642  2.643  2.642  2.641  2.642  2.642  2.643  2.645  2.645  2.645  2.645 codepre  pWhat would be the most elegant way to read this file into an array of floats p  pI know how to read each single line into a string, and I know how to convert the string to float using codeatofcode. But how do I do the rest the easiest p  pIve heard about string buffers, might this help mep
Negative 110 pI have been using PHP for a while but I am not too too advanced. I do not have much experience with servertoserver stuff. I need to research setting up a datafeed with a vendor. The contact person that I talked to said I would be downloading a file from their server using a username and password via basic authentication. Can someone please give me a break down on how to do thatp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI am trying to make my app check the text in a text box and see if it matches any of the strings in an NSArray. Im hoping you could point me in the right direction or give me some code to do it. I am pretty sure that I would need to use an codeifcode statement.  Thanksp
Negative 110 pIm looking for a java logging framework which enables to declare your own grammar and automatically generates the associated parser.p  pIdeally, I would like to use log4j and generates a parser and then be able to manipulate these logs as objects. p  pIve seen theres a scanner generator for log4j based on events but no parser.p  pI guess theyve a parser inside Chainsaw but i wasnt able to find it.p  pthanks.p
Negative 110 pMy question has to do with casting classes inside a generic type. While I realize that casting objects like codeListltstringgtcode to codeListltobjectgtcode requires support for covariance to prevent adding codeobjectcode objects to a list that contains strings, I am wondering why a cast like below is not accepted by the compiler and whether it is solvable employing interfaces and co or contravariancep  precodepublic class TypeAltTgt   public class TypeBltTgt   public class TypeC  TypeBltintgt   class Program      public static void MyMethodltOutputTypegtTypeAltTypeBltOutputTypegtgt Parameter       static void Mainstring[] args              TypeAltTypeCgt Test  new TypeAltTypeCgt         MyMethodltintgtTest       codepre  pCompiling this results in an error  p  pcodeArgument 1 cannot convert from ConsoleApplication1.TypeAltConsoleApplication1.TypeCgt to ConsoleApplication1.TypeAltConsoleApplication1.TypeBltintgtgtcode.p  peven though codeTypeCcode is a direct descendent of codeTypeBltintgtcodep
Negative 110 pWe believe that we are running out of video RAM in a Linux based system that we are working on.  We are seeing video amp graphic drivers segment faulting with allocation related errors.p  pAre they any tools or techniques that we can use to determine how much video ram is free at any given point in time  Either an external application or something that we build into our application would be great.p  pAny ideas  suggestions would be appreciated  Thanks.p
Negative 110 pIn both Java and C it is possible to invoke a private method via reflection as shown below.p  ul liWhy is this allowed  li liWhat are the ramifications of doing this  li liShould it be taken away in a future version of the languageli liDo other languagesplatforms allow thisIf I have this class in both Java and Cli ul  pHere is the examplep  precodepublic class Foo      private void say  WriteToConsoleMethodHello reflected world   codepre  pwhere codeWriteToConsolecode is language specific, then I can run the following to call the private codesaycode methodp  pstrongCstrongp  precodeFoo f  new Foo var fooType  f.GetType var mi  fooType.GetMethodsay, BindingFlags.NonPublic  BindingFlags.Instance mi.Invokef, null codepre  pstrongJavastrongp  precodeFoo f  new Foo Method method  f.getClass.getDeclaredMethodsay, null method.setAccessibletrue method.invokef, null codepre  pAs you can see, it is not obvious, but its not difficult either.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to decide between going with a premade graphnode network library or to roll my own.p  pIm implementing some graph search algorithms which might require some significant customization to the class structure of the node andor edges. p  pThe reason Im not sure what to do is that Im unsure if customization of a premade might be more expensivetrouble than making my own in the first place. Im also curious, but less so, of the performance tradeoffs.p  pIs there anyone out there have direct experience with using one of the libraries out there and have advice based on a success or failure story I want to hear the worst so that whatever I chose, I know what Im getting into.p  pThere are only two that Ive found in my search so far a hrefhttpwww.boost.orgdoclibs15F405F0libsgraphdocindex.htmlThe Boost Graph Library BGLa and a hrefhttpgoblin2.sourceforge.netGOBLINa. Specific advice on either of these, or suggestions for others is greatly appreciated as well. BGL seems pretty damn arcane. Is it worth struggling throughp
Negative 110 pWhat Im trying to do is take an XML document, lets say a hrefhttpexample.orgdata.xml relnofollowhttpexample.orgdata.xmla and show it with an XSL stylesheet applied.  I cannot modify the document itself and add a  directivep  pSo there are a couple of utility XML files like thisp  pwrapper.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltDOCTYPE wrapper [   ltENTITY content SYSTEM httpexample.orgdata.xmlgt ]gt ltxmlstylesheet typetextxsl hrefunwrap.xsl gt ltwrappergt   ampcontent ltwrappergt codepre  punwrap.xslp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltxslstylesheet version1.0 xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransformgt   ltxslimport hrefstylesheet.xslgt    ltxsltemplate matchwrappernode[1]gt     ltxslapplyimportsgt   ltxsltemplategt ltxslstylesheetgt codepre  pSo to summarize stylesheet.xsl is written for a hrefhttpexample.orgdata.xml relnofollowhttpexample.orgdata.xmla, the browser is pointed to wrapper.xml and the user should see the transformed a hrefhttpexample.orgdata.xml relnofollowhttpexample.orgdata.xmla.p  pThis is one of those rare cases where things work as expected in IE and Chrome but not Firefox.p  pAFAIK Firefox supports external XML entities, but it seems like they are invisible in XSL code. I found a hrefhttplekkimworld.com20060529firefox5Fand5Fexternal5Fxml5Fentity5Freferences.html relnofollowthis articlea from 2006, it describes this problem in Firefox 1.5 Im using 3.5.3p  pIs there any workaround for thisp
Negative 110 pIm very much a beginner when it comes to Javascript and would appreciate any help you can give Im creating a feature box on my home page where three headlines will share one picture spot. Ive found a script that changes the image when the headlines are rolled over, but its hard to tell when the page opens that the first headline goes with the first picture. How do I get my hover style to appear already selected, and then stay with the last headline that was rolled over, so its apparent what headline goes with the photo showing Heres a hrefhttpdelmarvaquarterly.comindex1.html relnofollowmy exampleap  pHeres the code Im usingp  pHOVER STYLEp  precodea.featurehover      fontsize 0.9em     fontfamily trebuchet ms, Arial, Helvetica, sansserif     color b0171f     fontweight bold     backgroundimage url..zimgartnavbgfeature.jpg     backgroundrepeat norepeat     textdecoration none     padding 5px 0 5px 10px     displayblock  codepre  pJAVASCRIPTp  precodeltscriptgt  Rollover effect on different image script By JavaScript Kit httpjavascriptkit.com Over 200 free scripts here   function changeimagetowhat,url     if document.images         document.images.targetimage.srctowhat.src         gotolinkurl       function warp     window.locationgotolink  ltscriptgt  ltscript languageJavaScript1.1gt var myimagesnew Array var gotolink  function preloadimages     for i0iltpreloadimages.arguments.lengthi         myimages[i]new Image         myimages[i].srcpreloadimages.arguments[i]         preloadimagesphotosfeature1.jpg,               photosfeature2.jpg,               photosfeature3.jpg ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 110 pWe are attempting to built the Document Library File Management as apart of our core apps. It starts with simple one obviously.p  pI need a feed back regarding the database design for this particular module.  Initial Designp  h2File tableh2  ul liFileIDli liFileGUIDli liTenantIDli liFileNameli liFileDescriptionli liFileImageli liFileSizeli liFileExtensionli liContentTypeli liCreatedUTCTimeStampli liCreatedIPli liCreatedByli ul  h2Folder tableh2  ul liFolderIDli liFolderGUIDli liFolderNameli liFolderDescrptionli liCreatedUTCTimeStampli liCreatedIPli liCreatedByli ul  h2FolderFiles tableh2  ul liFolderIDli liFileIDli ul  pAny input that will be great. Possibly in the future to have workflow, permissions, etc etcp
Negative 110 pThis desktop app written in VB.Net within VStudio 2008 fails when one of our power users tries to run the program p  precodeSelect permission denied on object AcctLogon, database MDS, owner dbo. codepre  pThe author of the app is out for a few weeks and I am the fixer while shes out. Both of our logins for SQL have permissions for dbowner in the MDS database but our user does not. The user has a Windows user login for this instance of SQL. This login has permissions for the public role only in the MDS database. p  pRather than just give the users login the same dbowner permission, I thought Id try to fix the program by establishing an application role for the desktop program. When I tested the code, it seemed to work via debugging closely but after deploying the new version it failed with the same permission denied msg for the poweruser. p  pHere is what I did in VB.Net this sub called in the startup form load event p  precodePrivate Sub SetApplicationRole Try     Dim SQLConn As New SqlClient.SqlConnection     SQLConn.ConnectionString  GetConnStr     SQLConn.Open     Dim SQLCmd As New SqlClient.SqlCommand     SQLCmd.CommandText  Execute spsetapprole AccountMaintenanceUtility, mypasswrd      SQLCmd.Connection  SQLConn           SQLCmd.ExecuteNonQuery Catch sex As SqlException     MsgBoxsex.ToString End Try End Sub codepre  pGetConnStr is a property string that is defined in Settings.Settings as a Connection string with a scope of Application and its value is p  precodeData SourceMDWDATAInitial CatalogMDSIntegrated SecurityTrue codepre  pIn SQL, I ran the following script p  precodeuse MDS go spaddapprole AccountMaintenanceUtility, mypasswrd go spaddrolemember dbowner, AccountMaintenanceUtility codepre  pI cannot see what Ive done incorrectly or overlooked. I hope to fix this at a sort of high level without delving deeply into her program and I cannot debug with Visual Studio on the desktop of the failing user. p  pE D I T   clarificationp  pHow persistant is the setting of an application role I suspect that may be the root of my misunderstanding on this. As I stated above when the application is initialized, I EXECUTE the set application role with a given connection that only has local scope inside that subroutine. p  pNow I am looking at the rest of her code where she has written various subroutines to do stuff and they are typically characterized by something likep  precode        Dim conn As SqlConnection  New SqlConnectionUserConnstr codepre  pwhere     UserConnstr has a value ofbr          Data SourceMDWDATAInitial CatalogMDSIntegrated SecurityTruep  pwhich I think explains how the credentials of the logged on user are being used rather than using the application role I had hoped to simply establish at init time and be done with that issue. p  pSo, in summary, does use of an application role require a globally persistent connection or some other technique beyond what Ive described herep
Negative 110 pI am writing code that needs to extract an object literal posted to a servlet. I have studied the API for the HttpServletRequest object, but it is not clear to me how to get the JSON object out of the request since it is not posted from a form element on a web page.p  pAny insight is appreciated. p  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pIt only happens in production, when we update some of the records through browser, the change was not saved. it does not seem to be a cache problem as we verified that the data in mysql was still the old data. However, the controller did get hit and flash message returned as if the change was made successfully. p  pHowever, we can make the change manually in rails console or mysql withhout any problem.p  pAny ideas why this is happeningp  pbtw, we recently reconfigure the site to use SSL, it might have something to do with that.p
Negative 110 pIve been trying to learn about eventsdelegates, but am confused about the relationship between the two. I know that delegates allow you to invoke different functions without needing to know what particular function is being invoked. eg a graphing function needs to accept inputs that are different functions to be graphed. p  pBut I dont see how delegates are used in Events.p  pCan someone construct a simple example in pseudocode or C or Java that illustrates the workings of Delegates as related to Eventsp  pThanksp
Negative 110 blockquote   pstrongNOTEstrong I have asked the related question with an accepted answer a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions602517wpfhowtocombinedatatriggerandtriggerHow to combine DataTrigger and Triggerap blockquote  pI think I need to combine an codeEventTriggercode and a codeDataTriggercode to achieve what Im afterp  ul liwhen an item appears in my ListBox, it should flash for a few momentsli liif the item is Critical then it should remain highlightedli ul  pCurrently I have a DataTemplate that looks like thisp  precodeltDataTemplate DataTypexType NotificationsNotificationViewModelgt     ltGrid HorizontalAlignmentStretchgt         ltBorder NameBackground CornerRadius8 Background80c0c0c0 HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretch gt         ltBorder NameHighlight  CornerRadius8 BackgroundRed       HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretch gt         lt snip actual visual stuff gt         ltGrid.Triggersgt             ltEventTrigger RoutedEventGrid.Loadedgt                 ltEventTrigger.Actionsgt                     ltBeginStoryboardgt                         ltStoryboardgt                             ltDoubleAnimation xNameLoadedAnimation                                               Storyboard.TargetNameHighlight                                               Storyboard.TargetPropertyOpacity                                               From0 To1                                               RepeatBehavior5x                                               Duration0000.2                                               AutoReverseTrue gt                         ltStoryboardgt                     ltBeginStoryboardgt                 ltEventTrigger.Actionsgt             ltEventTriggergt         ltGrid.Triggersgt     ltGridgt     ltDataTemplate.Triggersgt         ltDataTrigger BindingBinding PathIsCritical ValueTruegt             ltSetter TargetNameLoadedAnimation PropertyRepeatBehavior Value5.5x gt         ltDataTriggergt     ltDataTemplate.Triggersgt ltDataTemplategt codepre  pThe idea is that an EventTrigger animates the codeHighlightcode borders opacity between 0 and 1 and back again repeatedly when the item is first loaded, drawing the users attention to it.  The codeDataTriggercode determines the number of times to animate.  If the view model reports that the item codeIsCriticalcode then the animation occurs 5.5 times such that it ends at opacity 1, otherwise it occurs 5 times ending at opacity 0.p  pHowever the above XAML doesnt work because the DataTriggers setter fails withp  blockquote   pChild with Name LoadedAnimation not found in VisualTree.p blockquote  pFair enough.  So, shy of using a custom value converter or putting the animation count on the view model and binding to it, what are my optionsp
Negative 110 pI have this piece of code where Shark tells me its a performance bottleneckp  precodeCGFloat shortestDistance  distanceA lt distanceB  distanceA  distanceB codepre  pall these values are CGFloat. Is there a faster way to figure out which one is smaller and assign that to shortestDistance Maybe even by reference instead of copying a value How would I do that and how would I access that laterp  pbtw, this is code executed in a very tight loop. about 60 times per second.p
Negative 110 pBelow is my action link . How shall I apply css to the following Actually i want to give the class as we do in asp.net simple application. Please tell me what shall I dop
Negative 110 pI have a large high quality c framework codebase that I nevertheless want to try to improve.p  ol lipIs fxcop an effective tool for improving .NET frameworks  I know Microsoft uses the tool internally, but how do external users find it  Worthwhile  pli lipI already have a zillion lines of code and a well established style, can it be adapted to our style and still provide good guidancepli lipRoughly, how long will it take to set up  Hours, days, weeks  Will I learn something useful sooner that laterpli ol
Negative 110 pMy company is building a Flex application that we may need to port to other platformsp  ul liSilverlight likely li liMobile maybe  iPhone ObjectiveC , Android Java, etc.li liDesktop maybe  AIR, .NET, etc. li liTV sets maybe eventuallyli ul  pCurrently, Im looking into application frameworks to build upon and Im torn between pureMVC and Swiz.  p  pI LOVE swiz for its simplicity and how it just gives you a way to hook things up and then apply your own patterns.  From a flexonly perspective, this is my 1st choice.p  pBut, PureMVC is platformindependent and has already been ported over to most of the platforms that are mentioned above.  strongHow valuable is this portabilitystrong  Will it really make our lives significantly easier when it comes to porting and developingmaintaining multiple applications  If so, then it seems like PureMVC is the way to go.p  pAlternatively, since Silverlight has the most definite business case for porting of our application, maybe we could strongport Swiz to Silverlightstrong  Im not too familiar with which AS3 language and Flex framework features Swiz depends on and whether they are available in CSilvelright.  strongWould this actually be possiblestrongp  pThanks so muchp  pKarthikp
Negative 110 pIve built a webpage thats supposed to increase the size of images onmouseover.  Im not replacing the images with bigger ones but rather stretch the existing ones because of system limitations.p  pHeres the webpage a hrefhttpwww.moviez.4pu.comIMDBQueries.aspx relnofollowhttpwww.moviez.4pu.comIMDBQueries.aspxap  pYou can see that the movie images get bigger when youre on them.p  pbProblem is when I move my mouse too quick that sometimes an image gets stuck open or it causes inifinite flickering.bp  pattached is also the code Im using for the resizep  precodefunction resizeImageelem,width,height     var myEffect  new Fx.Morphelem, duration 350     myEffect.startheight height,width width  codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to call a webservice using WCF that uses the following encodingp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingISO88591 gt  codepre  pI cannot change the encoding for this webservice.  I have generated a wcf proxy and when I try and call the proxy, I get the following errorp  blockquote   pFailedSystem.ServiceModel.ProtocolException   The content type textxml   charsetISO88591 of the response   message does not match the content   type of the binding textxml   charsetutf8. If using a custom   encoder, be sure that the   IsContentTypeSupported method is   implemented properly.p blockquote  pHas anyone any idea how I call a webservice that is not UTF8 using wcfp
Negative 110 pWe are talkign ASP.NET 2.0. I have already added the applicationName attribute to my providers group in the web.config. But still, when I clear out all the tables and run the app, when I add a user, it adds 2 records, one with an ApplicationName the actual application name I specified, and another with ApplicationName.p  pNow, I did notice that in forms I have the following codep  precode     ltforms        loginUrlLogin.aspx        timeout20        name.ASPXAUTH        defaultUrlauthenticatedhome.aspx         path   gt   ltformsgt codepre  pIs that path attribute responsiblep
Negative 110 pIm developing a login and authentication system for a new PHP site and have been reading up on the various attacks and vulnerabilities. However, its a bit confusing, so I want to check that my approach makes sense.p  pI plan on storing the following datap  ul lipstrongIn the sessionstrong userid, hashed  salted codeHTTPUSERAGENTcodepli lipstrongIn the cookie and in the databasestrong random token, hashed  salted identifierpli ul  pOn every page, I plan on doing the followingp  ol lipstrongIf a session exists, authenticate using that.strong Check that the codeHTTPUSERAGENTcode matches the one in the stored session.pli lipstrongIf no session exists, use the cookie to authenticate.strong Check that the token and identifier in the cookie match those in the database.pli lipstrongIf the cookie is invalid or doesnt exist, ask user to login.strongpli ol  pAre there any obvious flaws in this As long as I set a timeout in the cookie, I should be fairly safe, right Is there anything Im missingp  pMany thanks in advance.p
Negative 110 pOne might think the corresponding E4X query for the XPath query, code[foo  bar]code, would be code...foo  barcode, but that will throw an error whenever it gets to an element without a foo attribute. I am currently using code...functionvalueOf.foo  barcode instead.p  pMy question is if there is another, less of a hackway to do this.p
Negative 110 pIm just wondering, is there a reason why some libraries be it any language use iterative hashing such that the hashed data is encoded in hex and rehashed again instead of rehashing the actual binary outputp
Negative 110 pIm about ready to unveil a coming soon page and one thing I need is a way for users to enter their email address for me to email once the site goes live. What is the best way to do this p  pShould I store the emails in a DB and then run a PHP script to email them from my web host Should I have the emails just kind of be collected and then emailed manually by me either locally or from the server Is there another way I should do itp  pAlso, are there certain webhosts that restrain the amount of emails you can send out, thus causing a problem for mass email.p  pThe only unknown currently is how large of a response Ill get...only time will tell. p  pThanks guysp
Negative 110 pIn a number of occasions I have a collection of functions that Id like to implement in different ways. The most obvious example of this would be to abstract from specific databases. In an objectoriented language you would use an interface for thisp  precodeinterface DB    ResultSet queryString query   void persistObject o   ...  codepre  pIn speudo code I would want to do something like thisp  precodens dbbackend  abstractfn query [q] abstractfn persist [o] codepre  pAnd then implementations for each databasep  precodens dbbackend.mysql implements dbbackend defn query [q] ... defn persist [o] ... codepre  pIt is not entirely clear to me what the best practice is to do something similar in a functional language, specifically Clojure. Should I use multimethods for thisp
Negative 110 pSilverlights strongdataInputLabelstrong and strongdataInputDescriptionViewerstrong controls provide a useful function through their ability to bind to a TextBox.  Rather than hardcoding the text content of my labels and descriptions with System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.DisplayAttribute, Id prefer to bind these attributes to properties of a class that holds admineditable text.  This works for Label, but not for DescriptionViewer.  p  pSpecifically, this Label worksp  precodeltdataInputLabel Grid.Row00 Grid.Column0  TargetBinding ElementNameinpStatus ContentBinding StatusLabel  IsRequiredtrue gt codepre  pbut this DescriptionViewer is invisiblep  precodeltdataInputDescriptionViewer Grid.Row00 Grid.Column3  TargetBinding ElementNameinpStatus  NamedvBound2 DescriptionBinding PathStatusDescription gt  codepre  pWhen I remove the binding to my TextBox, the DescriptionViewer is shownp  precodeltdataInputDescriptionViewer Grid.Row00 Grid.Column2  NamedvBound1 DescriptionBinding PathStatusDescription gt  codepre  pShould it be possible to bind a DescriptionViewer to both a TextBox and an alternate Description source p  pThanks in advance  p  pMainPage.xamlp  precodeltUserControl xClassDataInputDemo.MainPage     xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation      xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml     xmlnsdhttpschemas.microsoft.comexpressionblend2008      xmlnsmchttpschemas.openxmlformats.orgmarkupcompatibility2006      xmlnscontrolsToolkitclrnamespaceSystem.Windows.ControlsassemblySystem.Windows.Controls.Toolkit       xmlnsdataInputclrnamespaceSystem.Windows.ControlsassemblySystem.Windows.Controls.Data.Input     xmlnsdataclrnamespaceSystem.Windows.ControlsassemblySystem.Windows.Controls.Data       mcIgnorabled dDesignWidth640 dDesignHeight480gt   ltGrid xNameLayoutRootgt         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt             ltColumnDefinition Width142gtltColumnDefinitiongt             ltColumnDefinition Width100gt             ltColumnDefinition Width24gtltColumnDefinitiongt             ltColumnDefinition Width24gtltColumnDefinitiongt         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt             ltRowDefinition Height30gtltRowDefinitiongt             ltRowDefinition Height30gtltRowDefinitiongt         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt          ltdataInputLabel             Grid.Row00 Grid.Column0              TargetBinding ElementNameinpStatus             ContentBinding StatusLabel  IsRequiredtrue gt          ltTextBox                     Grid.Row00 Grid.Column1              TextBinding ModeTwoWay, NotifyOnValidationErrorTrue, ValidatesOnExceptionsTrue, PathStatus             NameinpStatus MaxLength025              BindingValidationErrorBindingValidationError gt          ltdataInputDescriptionViewer Grid.Row00 Grid.Column2              NamedvBound1 DescriptionBinding PathStatusDescription gt          lt Following DescriptionViewer is not shown. gt         ltdataInputDescriptionViewer Grid.Row00 Grid.Column3              TargetBinding ElementNameinpStatus              NamedvBound2 DescriptionBinding PathStatusDescription gt          ltdataInputValidationSummary Grid.Row01 Grid.Column0              Grid.ColumnSpan4 NameVS1 gt      ltGridgt ltUserControlgt codepre  pMainPage.xaml.vbp  precodePartial Public Class MainPage     Inherits UserControl      Public myDataClass  New DataClass      Public Sub New         InitializeComponent         myDataClass.status  Default Status         myDataClass.StatusLabel  Status Label         myDataClass.StatusDescription  Status Description         LayoutRoot.DataContext  myDataClass     End Sub      Private Sub BindingValidationErrorByVal sender As Object, ByVal e As ValidationErrorEventArgs     End Sub  End Class codepre  pDataClass.vbp  precodeImports System.Collections.ObjectModel Imports System.ComponentModel Imports System.Runtime.Serialization Imports System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations Imports System.Windows.Controls  Public Class DataClass      Implements INotifyPropertyChanged      Public Event PropertyChanged As PropertyChangedEventHandler          Implements INotifyPropertyChanged.PropertyChanged      Private Sub NotifyPropertyChangedByVal info As String         RaiseEvent PropertyChangedMe, New PropertyChangedEventArgsinfo     End Sub      Function ValidateEntryByVal fieldname As String, ByRef value As Object As Object         Dim ctx As New ValidationContextMe, Nothing, Nothing         ctx.MemberName  fieldname         Validator.ValidatePropertyvalue, ctx         Return value     End Function      ltDataMembergt      ltRequiredgt      ltStringLength100gt      Public Property Status As String         Get             Return Status         End Get         SetByVal value As String             Status  ValidateEntryStatus, value             NotifyPropertyChanged         End Set     End Property     Private Status As String      ltDataMembergt      Public Property StatusLabel As String         Get             Return StatusLabel         End Get         SetByVal value As String             StatusLabel  value             NotifyPropertyChanged         End Set     End Property     Private StatusLabel As String      ltDataMembergt      Public Property StatusDescription As String         Get             Return StatusDescription         End Get         SetByVal value As String             StatusDescription  value             NotifyPropertyChanged         End Set     End Property     Private StatusDescription As String  End Class codepre
Negative 110 pIm doing some coding in JavaScript, and I am having a lot of instances where I have to check some stuff before I proceed.   I got into the habit of returning early in the function, but Im not sure if I am doing this right.  I am not sure if it have an impact on the complexity of my code as it grows.p  pI want to know from more experienced JavaScript coders, what is a better general practice out of the following two examples.  Or is it irrelevant, and they are both OK ways of writing this particular IF blockp  p1 Returning Early or Short Circuit as I call it Guard Clause.p  precodeServeAlcohol  functionage       ifage lt 19          return        ...Code here for serving alcohol.....  codepre  p..Or...p  p2 Wrap code into an IF statement.p  precodeServeAlcohol  functionage       ifage gt 19                 ...Code here for serving alcohol.....        codepre
Negative 110 pIm calling functions from C that returns a pointer to an array of struct and Im having problems since Im new to this operationimplementation. p  pMy C codesp  precode My C Structs  typedef struct MainData       double      dCount     DataS1          DS1     int     iCount1     DataS2          DS2     int     iCount2 MainData  typedef struct DataS1       unsigned int    uiCount1        unsigned int    uiCount2        int     iCount     void        pA         void        pB       DataS1  typedef struct DataS2       unsigned int    uiCount1        unsigned int    uiCount2                    unsigned int    uiCount3                    unsigned int    uiCount4                double      dCount      int     iCount1                         char        strLbl[64]  DataS2   My C Function  MainData GetDataconst int ID           MainData mData         int iLength  GetCount     mData  new MainData[iLength]         forint x  0x lt VarCounter x                       Codes here assign data to mData[x]                  return mData  codepre  pQuestion How can I call the C function GetData to Cp  pMy current codes in C arep  precode[DllImport.sdata.dll] [return MarshalAsUnmanagedType.LPArray] private static unsafe extern MainData[] GetDataint ID    The struct MainData in my C side is already Marshalled...  My function call is here MainData[] SmpMapData  GetDataID codepre  pWhen I compiled it, theres an exception Cannot marshal return value Invalid managedunmanaged type combination.p  pSorry for the poor coding... Please help...p
Negative 110 pIm try to figure out if there is a way to pass the page source across domains using javascript or another method each time a page is loaded  I know in javascript I can output the page source in to variables using the code below, but how would I go about passing it over to a different domain p  precodevar headsrc  document.head.innerHTML var bodysrc  document.body.innerHTML codepre  pCan anyone point me in to the right direction  It seems every method Ive tried or researched doesnt work correctly or has a lot of issues and Im running out of ideas.  Thanks in advance. p  pstrongEDIT MORE INFO BELOWstrongp  pImagine that I have two websites on different servers.  Website A is where the source data needs to be sent to and Website B is a website that users browse and I want to collect the source of each page they view and post it to Website A.  I have access to both servers and I was hoping that I could add JS code on Website B that will pass the data over.p
Negative 110 pI have a program that brings up and tears down multiple threads throughout its life.  Everything works great for awhile, but eventually, I get the following core dump stack trace.p  precode0  0x009887a2 in dlsysinfoint80  from libldlinux.so.2 1  0x007617a5 in raise  from libtlslibc.so.6 2  0x00763209 in abort  from libtlslibc.so.6 3  0x003ec1bb in gnucxxverboseterminatehandler  from usrliblibstdc.so.6 4  0x003e9ed1 in cxacallunexpected  from usrliblibstdc.so.6 5  0x003e9f06 in stdterminate  from usrliblibstdc.so.6 6  0x003ea04f in cxathrow  from usrliblibstdc.so.6 7  0x00d5562b in boostthreadstartthread  from hProgrambin..liblibboostthreadgcc34mt139.so.1.39.0 codepre  pAt first, I was leaking threads, and figured the core was due to hitting some maximum limit of number of current threads, but now it seems that this problems occurs even when I dont.  For reference, in the core above there were 13 active threads executing.p  pI did some searching to try and figure out why startthread would core, but I didnt come across anything.  Anyone have any ideasp
Negative 110 pPretty straight forward question.p  pWhat is a Singleton and when should I use itp
Negative 110 pim trying to implement the a hrefhttpweierophinney.netmatthewarchives202ModelInfrastructure.html relnofollowData Gateway  Domain Patterna. I understand the basics and its a fantastic pattern to separate domain logic from the persistent data layer. Now i have following requirementp  pLets say i have 2 domainmodels Users and Companyies. When i wanna retrieve a user list with all users, i would do something like thatp  precodeuserGateway  new ModelUserGateway  users  userGatewaygtfetchAll  foreach users as user ... codepre  pthat works very fine, but now the tricky part I wanna now have a List with all users and their corresponding company. I could iterate through the users and instance for each user the related company, but that... isnt my favourite solution. In the worst case i produce nested database queries. Another approach would be, that i fetch additional user data with the gateway and deal with them... i dont know p  pWhats the best praxis to get a user list with the company infop  pthanks in advancep  pMichael Mp
Negative 110 pI am trying to create a GUI to display information read from a file.  So I will need some number of pushbuttons, text fields, and radio buttons  but I wont know how many I need until runtime.p  pI am using Visual Studio 6.0.  My toolset is fairly nonnegotiable, so please refrain from suggesting Java, or any C toolkit that does not come preinstalled in Visual Studio.  My problem is that most of the tutorials I have found online focus on using the WYSIWYG editor  which requires knowing what controls are needed up front.p  pI found a code sample that allows me to add controls manually exerpts belowp  precodeclass CalcApp  public CWinApp      ...   class CWindow  public CFrameWnd       ...      afxmsg void HandleButton2     afxmsg HBRUSH OnCtlColor CDC pDC, CWnd pWnd, UINT nCtlColor      DECLAREMESSAGEMAP     virtual BOOL PreTranslateMessageMSG msg  codepre  p.cpp filep  precodeBEGINMESSAGEMAP CWindow, CFrameWnd       ONBNCLICKEDIDCBUTTON1, HandleButton1     ONBNCLICKEDIDCBUTTON2, HandleButton2  ENDMESSAGEMAP  CWindowCWindow       CreateNULL, Title,              WSOVERLAPPED  WSMINIMIZEBOX  WSSYSMENU,              CRectCPoint50,50,CSize180,300       ...      button2  new CButton     button2 gt CreateampQuit,             WSCHILDWSVISIBLEWSTABSTOP,             CRectCPoint2,202,CSize152,38,             this, IDCBUTTON2           void CWindowHandleButton2              DestroyWindow            BOOL CalcAppInitInstance              mpMainWnd  new CWindow         mpMainWndgtShowWindowmnCmdShow         mpMainWndgtUpdateWindow         return TRUE      codepre  pWhat Im having trouble figuring out is how to handle the message processing without using the BEGINMESSAGEMAP, etc macros  which, again, require knowing how many handlers you need up front.p  pThe only solution Ive been able to find looks like thisp  precodeLRESULT CALLBACK WndProcHWND hWnd, UINT Msg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam INT WINAPI WinMainHINSTANCE hInstance, HINSTANCE hPrevInstance,                    LPSTR lpCmdLine, int nCmdShow      ...     WndClsEx.lpfnWndProc    WndProc      RegisterClassExampWndClsEx      hWnd  CreateWindowExWSEXOVERLAPPEDWINDOW,                       ClsName,                       WindowCaption,                       WSOVERLAPPEDWINDOW,                       100,                       120,                       640,                       480,                       NULL,                       NULL,                       hInstance,                       NULL      ShowWindowhWnd, nCmdShow     UpdateWindowhWnd      while GetMessageampMsg, NULL, 0, 0               TranslateMessageampMsg         DispatchMessageampMsg           return Msg.wParam   LRESULT CALLBACK WndProcHWND hWnd, UINT Msg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam      switchMsg          case WMDESTROY         PostQuitMessageWMQUIT         break     default         return DefWindowProchWnd, Msg, wParam, lParam          return 0  codepre  pWhich is great, except..  I dont have a WinMain...p  pMy understanding is that you can either do a Win32 application the WinMain code above or an MFC application the CButton code above.  But I can only find examples of manually adding controls for MFC, and I can only find examples of manually processing messages for Win32.p  pCan you point me to one of the things Im missing here  Ideally, I want a solution for handling my own messages with MFC, but Id settle for a good tutorial on creating controls with Win32...p
Negative 110 pI got surprised when comparing the following casesp  precodebutton  document.getElementByIdaddSugerenciaButton  if button  null     button.onclick  posttourl  addSugerenciaURL  , idBuzon,   id     button  document.getElementByIdremoveBuzonButton  if button  null      button.onclick  function          if confirmremoveSugerenciaMessage              return false                   posttourlremoveBuzonURL, idBuzon, id        button  document.getElementByIdeditBuzonButton  if button  null      button.setAttributeonclick,posttourl  editBuzonURL  , idBuzon,   id    codepre  pJust the latter appeared to change the HTML at least inspecting with Firebug whilst the rest, although working properly too, they didnt show any onclick event in the editBuzonButton element.p  pAny ideas why this is happeningp
Negative 110 pAll I want is for boolmyInstance to return False and for myInstance to evaluate to False when in a conditional like iforand. I know how to override , lt, p  pIve tried thisp  precodeclass test     def boolself         return False  myInst  test print boolmyInst prints True print myInst.bool prints False codepre  pAny suggestionsp  pI am using Python 2.6p
Negative 110 pI have some configuration information in some tables that need to get dumped to some flat files.  p  pWhats the best way to detect that the tables have changed  I dont have control of some of these tables, so I would prefer to avoid a trigger if possible.p
Negative 110 pThis code snippet isnt working, Im getting an Authentication Failed. response from the server. Any ideasp  precode    NSMutableURLRequest request  [[NSMutableURLRequest alloc]                                      initWithURL                                     [NSURL URLWithStringhttpwww.tumblr.comapiwrite]]     [request setHTTPMethodPOST]     [request addValuetumblrLogin forHTTPHeaderFieldemail]     [request addValuetumblrPassword forHTTPHeaderFieldpassword]     [request addValueregular forHTTPHeaderFieldtype]     [request addValuetheTitle forHTTPHeaderFieldtitle]     [request addValuetheBody forHTTPHeaderFieldbody]      NSLogTumblr LoginnTumblr Password, tumblrLogin, tumblrPassword      [NSURLConnection connectionWithRequestrequest delegateself]      [request release] codepre  pBoth codetumblrLogincode and codetumblrPasswordcode are run through codestringByAddingPercentEscapesUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncodingcode elsewhere in my code. My login email is of the form addresstesttest.com. It works just fine for logging in directly to tumblr, but Im wondering if the  character is causing problems with the encoding Its not being escaped. Should it bep  hr  pThanks to Martins suggestion, Im now using codeCFURLCreateStringByAddingPercentEscapescode to escape my login and password. Im still having the same issue, though, my Authentication is failing.p
Negative 110 pIve got a C application going that needs to send out an html email via smtp. The email gets sent just fine, but the default security setting on outlook Low classifies it as junk email.p  pIts not exactly a showstopper issue, but this is rather annoying, especially since the junk folder turns off html. I dont want to have to make everyone at my company do something special to receive these emails in a readable fashion, does anyone know what I could be doing that makes outlook think this is junk emailp  pCode that makes the email basic stuff. Config is an object that holds strings related to the configuration of this stuff, toList is a list of email addresses, bodysubject are filled by other function calls.p  pstrongEditstrong To add, at the moment Im just sending it out to myself. In the live version, well be looking at less than a hundred people being sent to in a worstcase.p  pstrongAnother Editstrong It turned out to be happening much much more often for the longer emails I was generating the other day 200300 lines at the worst, and not the shorter emails Im generating now. Thats a reasonable enough filter criteria, I suppose.p  precode        SmtpClient smtp  new SmtpClientconfig.SmtpServer          NetworkCredential net  new NetworkCredential         net.UserName  config.SmtpLogin         net.Password  config.SmtpPass          smtp.Credentials  net          MailMessage msg  new MailMessage         msg.IsBodyHtml  true         msg.Priority  MailPriority.Normal         msg.To.AddString.Join,, toList.ToArray         msg.From  new MailAddressfromAddr, Build Server         msg.Body  Blah html is here         msg.Subject  Build successful numberhere and stuff          try                      smtp.Sendmsg                  catch SmtpException                      stuff          codepre
Negative 110 pIm building my iPhone app under SDK 3.1.3.  My Base SDK and iPhone OS Deployment Target are both set to OS 3.0, but when I build, the info.plist in my bundle shows a MinimumOSVersion of 3.1.3.  What could cause thisp  pimg srchttpimg.skitch.com20100305fkpskqtx4m18qntydjq1hed87w.pngp
Negative 110 pIm building UDP server application in C. Ive come across a packet checksum problem.p  pAs you probably know, each packet should carry some simple way of telling receiver if packet data is intact.p  pNow, UDP already has 2byte checksum as part of header, which is optional, at least in IPv4 world. Alternative method is to have custom checksum as part of data section in each packet, and to verify it on receiver.p  pMy question boils down to strongis it better to rely on optional checksum in UDP packet header, or to make a custom checksum implementation as part of packet data sectionstrongp  pPerhaps the right answer depends on circumstances as usual, so one circumstance here is that, even though code is written and developed in .NET on Windows, it emmightem have to run under platformindependent Mono.NET, so eventual solution should be compatible with other platforms. I believe that custom checksum algorithm would be easily portable, but Im not so sure about the first one.p  pAny thoughtsp  pAlso, shouts about packet checksumming in general are welcome.p
Negative 110 pI was wondering how to initialise an integer array such that its size and values change through out the execution of my program, any suggestionsp
Negative 110 pHow does this actually come aboutp  pI am working in one repo by myself at the moment, so this is my workflowp  precode1 change files 2 commit 3 repeat 12 until satisfied 4 push to master codepre  pThen when I do a codegit statuscode it tells me that my branch is emahead by X commitsem presumably the same number of commits that I have made. Is it because when you push the code it doesnt actually update your locally cached files in the .git folders codegit pullcode seems to fix this strange message, but I am still curious why it happens, maybe I am using git wrongp  hr  pcodeincluding what branch is printed in the messagecodep  pMy local branch is ahead of masterp  pcodewhere do you pushpull the current branchcodep  pI am pushing to github and pulling to whichever computer I happen to be working on at that point in time, my local copy is always fully up to date as I am the only one working on it.p  pcodeit doesnt actually check the remote repocodep  pThat is what I thought, I figured that I would make sure my understanding of it was correct.p  hr  pcodeare you passing some extra arguments to itcodep  pNot ones that I can see, maybe there is some funny config going on on my endp  precode git status  On branch master  Your branch is ahead of originmaster by 1 commit.  nothing to commit working directory clean codepre
Negative 110 pIm having trouble changing the font size of my TextInput tooltip. The text input looks like this p  precodeltsTextInput idfirst              toolTipHellogt codepre  pthen I create a style like thisp  precode ltfxStylegt   namespace s libraryns.adobe.comflexspark   namespace mx libraryns.adobe.comflexhalo    mxToolTip     fontSize 24     ltfxStylegt codepre  pbut absolutely nothing happens. Any idea what I may be doing wrongp  pP.S. I also get a yellow warning CSS type selectors are not supported in components mx.controls.ToolTip but it still compiles since its just a warning, but nothing happens.p
Negative 110 pI am a web developer working with 23 people including me.  Our current setup is very simplistic.  We try to let each other know when we are working on a specific file.  We use FTP to edit our files.p  pRecently we have run into the problem of 2 people accidentally editing one file, or working on a local file then uploading when another person just did the same.p  pFrom what I have read I need some sort of control system.  I have heard of subversion and mercurial.  It seems that these systems may not be what I need though, since its just giving me different versions of the files. I dont know if it solves the issue of two people working on a file and overwriting each others work.p  pWhat are your suggestions for solving my problemp  pEdit 1  I should mention that I would like to integrate with Netbeans which seems to have plugins for Subversion available.p  pEdit 2 Is it possible to do this with normal web hosting  using rackspace cloud site hosting.  I do have a server set up at home that I think could handle being set up as a repository.  runs windows server 2007p
Negative 110 pIt has always struck me as strange that the C function fopen takes a const char  as the second argument. I would think it would be easier to both read your code and implement the librarys code if there were bit masks defined in stdio.h, like IOREAD and such, so you could do things likep  precodeFILE myFile  fopenfile.txt, IOREAD  IOWRITE codepre  pIs there a programmatic reason for the way it actually is, or is it just historic i.e. Thats just the way it is.p  pstrongEDITstrong Thanks for the explanations everyone. The correct answer is probably amongst those given.p
Negative 110 pI am creating an ASP.NET page where I need a couple of variables which hold pathnames and a chosen language etc... Not that many, lets say about 5.p  pShould I use session variables for this Atm Im using public static variables but Im not sure if this is the right way to do this.p  pAny thoughtsp  pThxp
Negative 110 pIn the linux kernel, are there any data structures that automatically always hold the last written block number for a partition I cant find any builtin kernel source that could be used to get this information. Any help is appreciated.p
Negative 110 pusing LINQ to XML, this is a sample of my XMLp  precodeltshowsgt  ltShow Code456 NameMy Event Namegt    ltEvent Code2453 VenueCode39 Date20100413 103000 gt     ltEvent Code2454 VenueCode39 Date20100413 133000 gt     ltEvent Code2455 VenueCode39 Date20100414 103000  gt     ltEvent Code2456 VenueCode39 Date20100414 133000 gt     ltEvent Code2457 VenueCode39 Date20100415 103000 gt   ltShowgt   ltShow... gt  ltShow... gt ltshowsgt codepre  pHow do I return a list of the Dates for a specfic show I am passing the show code 456 in the querystring and want all the datestimes returned as a list.p  pThis is the code i have so farp  precodeXDocument xDoc  XDocument.Loadpath to xml              var feeds  from feed in xDoc.DescendantsShow                         where feed.AttributeCode.Equals456                         select new                                                      EventDate  feed.AttributeDate.Value                                       foreachvar feed in feeds                              Response.Writefeed.EventDate  ltbr gt              codepre  pBut i get no results returnedp
Negative 110 pSuppose I have this html markupp  precodeltdiv idwrappergt  ltpre classhighlightgt     function      hide all links except for the first     ul.childnotfirst.hide     a.slidefirst.cssbackgroundcolor,FF9900      ul.parent a.slide.clickfunction         ul.parent a.slide.cssbackgroundcolor,3399FF          ul.parent a.slide.mouseoutfunction             this.cssbackgroundcolor,3399FF                   ul.parent a.slide.mouseoverfunction             this.cssbackgroundcolor,66CC66                      ltpregt ltdivgt codepre  pWhat is the easiest way to read each line of code present in the div. How do I extract each line of code from that div or loop over each line styling in any way I want.p  pThanksp  pstrongEditstrongp  pI have added the codeprecode tag after the wrapper class, please consider that also. Thanksp
Negative 110 pConsider this snippet of codep  precodevar iList  new ListltEntities.Ingredientgt      new Entities.Ingredient  Name  tomato, Amount  2.0 ,     new Entities.Ingredient  Name  cheese, Amount  100.0     var matches  new DataContext.Ingredients.Wherei gt Compareri, iList   private Boolean ComparerEntities.Ingredient i, ListltEntities.Ingredientgt iList      foreach var c in iList              if c.Name  iList.Name ampamp c.Amount gt iList.Amount return true           return false  codepre  pIs there a more efficient way of doing this Preferably strongwithoutstrong being too verbose emfrom x in y select zem... If thats at all possible.p
Negative 110 pI have to develop a file server service that transfer file form a specified location to its client.Client when starts, requests file to server for current date. Server transfer those file to client.p  pNow constrains are asp  p1.Application run in intranet. 2.Need to transfer multiple file at a single transaction. 3.File size may be in GB. 4.System runs in real time environment.So proper transaction and acknowledgment needed. 5.Application develop in .net. 5.More than one client can present.p  pNow please help to decide architecture and .net technology WCF Http binding WCF net tcp binding ,Socket Programing  i want to use WCF  that i choose to develop file server.p  pand Please refer some sample application.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to use a comment style model which is attached to another model but I keep getting the errorp  precodeReview2171315060 expected, got Array2148226700  codepre  pWith paramsp  precode   Processing PlacesControllercreate for 127.0.0.1 at 20100415 185702 [POST]       Parameters commitgtSubmit, actiongtcreate, destinationidgt3243, controllergtplaces, placegtaddressgtsdfsdf, namegtdssfs, lnggt, reviewsgtcontentgtsdfsdfsdfsd, websitegtsdfsdf, cityidgt3243, latgt, placetypegt1 codepre  pI have this in the parent modelp  precode  hasmany reviews, as gt reviewable, dependent gt destroy   acceptsnestedattributesfor reviews codepre  pAnd this in the Review modelp  precode  belongsto reviewable, polymorphic gt true codepre  pAny ideasp  pI have something exactly like this working with photos... also polymorphic which works fine.  The only difference I can see is that Ive nested this model, so the form looks like this p  precodelt formfor place, url gt destinationplacespathcity, html gt  multipart gt true  do f gt codepre  pIve also noticed that in the example I have that works, the output looks like thisp  precodearticlegtphotosattributesgt1271403114089gtdatagtltFilevarfolders9b9b3G5CRzGk0okD2UGihvETITmpRackMultipart2010041626553177jk7b0gt, titlegtdsfdfs, excerptgt, contentgtltpgtrntsdfsdfltpgtrn, taglistgtlala,lah, commitgtSave, actiongtcreate, controllergtarticles codepre  pCompared to the one that doesntp  precodecommitgtSubmit,  destinationidgt1461,  placegtnamegtsdfasdf,  addressgtasdfasdf,  photosgtdatagtltFilevarfolders9b9b3G5CRzGk0okD2UGihvETITmpRackMultipart20100416265538edo050gt,  lnggt,  websitegtasdfasdfs,  reviewsgtcontentgtasdfasdf,  cityidgt1461,  placetypegt1,  latgt codepre  pI.e. one has MODELNAMEattributes vs MODELNAME... and im not sure why  The form seems to be the same with the one exception of the nestingp
Negative 110 pIve got an array listing days of the weekp  precodedays  [Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday] codepre  pWhats the easiest  best way to output it in a human readable formatp  precodeMonday, Tuesday and Wednesday codepre  pThe best I have is rather uglyp  precode, .joindays[2][]   and .joindays[2] codepre
Negative 110 pI am planning to start a computer vision based project on a smart phone platform. p  pI know iPhone  a hrefhttpniw.atarticles20090314usingopencvoniphoneen relnofollowhttpniw.atarticles20090314usingopencvoniphoneena  and Andriod  a hrefhttpgithub.combillmccordOpenCVAndroid relnofollowhttpgithub.combillmccordOpenCVAndroida  have openCV support. I am interested in knowing how was your experience with the level of integration, support and ease of building good apps on either platform. p  pAlso I do want to consider windows phone 7  and Zune as a platform, Are there any Computer Vision libraries for that platform or any good development tools does Aforgenet work or any other good suggestion p  pAlso can you suggest some popular augmented reality apps which uses cutting edge technology  I am aware of a hrefhttpwww.pranavmistry.comprojectssixthsense relnofollowhttpwww.pranavmistry.comprojectssixthsensea p  pThnx in advancep
Negative 110 pI got a LZMA library on 7zip site, but that didnt worked. Im not using files, just stream. And for some why the library on 7zip site just write the header on the stream but not compress the stream.p  pSome one faced the some problem  Have some example  Know other LZMA library for Delphi p  pTksp
Negative 110 pI have a MVC project that has a Linq to SQL dbml class.  It is a table called Clients that houses client information.  I can easily get the information to display in a View using the code I followed in Nerd Dinner but I have added a stored procedure to the dbml and its result set is of IQueryable, not IQueryable.  I need to convert IQueryable to IQueryable so I can display it in the same View.  The reason for the sproc is so I can pass a search string tothe sproc and return the same information as a full list but filtered on the search.  I know I can use Linq to filter the whole list but I dont want the whole list so I am using the sproc.p  pHere is the code in my ClientRepository with a comment where I need to convert.  What code goes in the commented spot.p  precode        public IQueryableltClientgt SelectClientsBySearchString search              IQueryableltSelectClientsBySearchResultgt spClientList  from p in db.SelectClientsBySearchsearch select p.AsQueryable          what is the code to convert IQueryableltSelectClientsBySearchResultgt to IQueryableltClientgt          return clientList      codepre
Negative 110 pI would like to sort alphanumeric strings the way a human being would sort them. I.e., A2 comes before A10, and a certainly comes before Z Is there any way to do with without writing a miniparser Ideally it would also put A1B1 before A1B10. I see the question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions34509naturalhumanalphanumericsortinmicrosoftsql2005Natural human alphanumeric sort in Microsoft SQL 2005a with a possible answer, but it uses various library functions, as does a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comKBdotnetSortingStringsForHumans.aspx relnofollowSorting Strings for Humans with IComparera.p  pBelow is a test case that currently failsp  precodeinclude ltsetgt include ltiteratorgt include ltiostreamgt include ltvectorgt include ltcassertgt  template lttypename Tgt struct LexicographicSort    inline bool operator const Tamp lhs, const Tamp rhs const     stdostringstream s1,s2     s1 ltlt toLowerlhs s2 ltlt toLowerrhs     bool less  s1.str lt s2.str     Answer bool less  dojalphanumlessltstdstringgts1.str, s2.str     stdcoutltlts1.strltlt ltlts2.strltlt ltltlessltltn     return less       inline stdstring toLowerconst stdstringamp str const      stdstring newString     for stdstringconstiterator charIt  str.begin          charItstr.endcharIt            newString.pushbackstdtolowercharIt                  return newString           int mainvoid    const stdstring reference[5]  ab,B,c1,c2,c10   stdvectorltstdstringgt referenceStringsampreference[0], ampreference[5]    Insert in reverse order so we know they get sorted   stdsetltstdstring,LexicographicSortltstdstringgt gt stringsreferenceStrings.rbegin, referenceStrings.rend    stdcoutltltItemsn   stdcopystrings.begin, strings.end, stdostreamiteratorltstdstringgtstdcout, n   stdvectorltstdstringgt sortedStringsstrings.begin, strings.end   assertsortedStrings  referenceStrings  codepre
Negative 110 pimg srchttpwww.activestate.compadfileskomodoeditkomodoeditlinux.png altscreenshotp  pSee the indent guides Theyre emdamnem helpful when writing Python code. Any chance I could get something similar for codegeditcode I wouldnt mind having to write my own plugin, as long as its in Python... Sop  ol liIs there a plugin for this which works with codegeditcodeli liIf not, would it be possible to write one in emPythonem.li ol
Negative 110 pIve got a button which when clicked copies and appends the text from a GtkEntry widget into a GtkTextView widget. This code is a modified version of an example found in the The Text View Widget chapter of emFoundations of GTK Developmentem.p  pIm looking to insert a newline character before the text which gets copied and appended, such that each line of text will be on its own line in the GtkTextView widget. How would I do this Im brand new to GTK.p  pHeres the code samplep  precodeinclude ltgtkgtk.hgt  typedef struct       GtkWidget entry, textview  Widgets  static void inserttext GtkButton, Widgets  int main int argc,           char argv[]       GtkWidget window, scrolledwin, hbox, vbox, insert      Widgets w  gslicenew Widgets       gtkinit ampargc, ampargv       window  gtkwindownew GTKWINDOWTOPLEVEL      gtkwindowsettitle GTKWINDOW window, Text Iterators      gtkcontainersetborderwidth GTKCONTAINER window, 10      gtkwidgetsetsizerequest window, 1, 200       wgttextview  gtktextviewnew       wgtentry  gtkentrynew       insert  gtkbuttonnewwithlabel Insert Text       gsignalconnect GOBJECT insert, clicked,                GCALLBACK inserttext,                gpointer w       scrolledwin  gtkscrolledwindownew NULL, NULL      gtkcontaineradd GTKCONTAINER scrolledwin, wgttextview       hbox  gtkhboxnew FALSE, 5      gtkboxpackstartdefaults GTKBOX hbox, wgtentry      gtkboxpackstartdefaults GTKBOX hbox, insert       vbox  gtkvboxnew FALSE, 5      gtkboxpackstart GTKBOX vbox, scrolledwin, TRUE, TRUE, 0      gtkboxpackstart GTKBOX vbox, hbox, FALSE, TRUE, 0       gtkcontaineradd GTKCONTAINER window, vbox      gtkwidgetshowall window       gtkmain      return 0    Insert the text from the GtkEntry into the GtkTextView.  static void inserttext GtkButton button,              Widgets w       GtkTextBuffer buffer      GtkTextMark mark      GtkTextIter iter      const gchar text       buffer  gtktextviewgetbuffer GTKTEXTVIEW wgttextview      text  gtkentrygettext GTKENTRY wgtentry       mark  gtktextbuffergetinsert buffer      gtktextbuffergetiteratmark buffer, ampiter, mark      gtktextbufferinsert buffer, ampiter, text, 1  codepre  pYou can compile this code using the following command assuming the file is named file.cp  precodegcc file.c o file pkgconfig cflags libs gtk2.0 codepre  pThanks everybodyp
Negative 110 pIm looking for how to overlay an ImageButton by a TextView in android xml layout. For the moment when I reduce the the TextView margin top, the TextView is going under the ImageButton. I want the contrary.p
Negative 110 pIm writing a custom TreeView from ScrollableControl. I decided to show tooltips when the mouse hovers over nodes with text too long to display.p  pI find that when tooltips are shown, the user is not able to click the node to select it because I think hes clicking the tooltip window, not my control.p  pIs there any easy solutions As far I can see, System.Windows.Forms.TreeView dont have this problem. Thanksp
Negative 110 pI have an abstract Java class codeMyAbstractClasscode with a private method. There is a concrete implementation codeMyConcreteClasscode. p  precodepublic class MyAbstractClass      private void somePrivateMethod   public class MyConcreteClass extends MyAbstractClass         implementation details  codepre  pIn my groovy test class I havep  precodeclass MyAbstractClassTest       void myTestMethod          MyAbstractClass mac  new MyConcreteClass         mac.somePrivateMethod       codepre  pI get an error that there is no such method signature for somePrivateMethod. I know groovy can call private methods but Im guessing the problem is that the private method is in the super class, not codeMyConcreteClasscode. Is there a way to invoke a private method in the super class like this other than using something like PrivateAccessorp  pthanks Jeffp
Negative 110 pI have a daemon process which I created running on my iPhone so yes it is jailbroken. I have been able to use the Audio and CoreLocation frameworks without problems. However when I try to use p  precodeNSURL url  [NSURL URLWithStringastraprotohi] [[UIApplication sharedApplication] openURLurl] codepre  pit just doesnt open. The protocol is of a custom application. I have tried using the protocol from safari and it works. Is this possible to do from a daemon process which isnt running on the codeUIApplicationMaincode and if it isnt is there any other way p  pThanks p  pReubenp
Negative 110 pI need to import records stored in a MySQL Database that I do not maintain into my Sql Server 2005 database x64p  pWe should import the records at an interval basis probably 1 hour.p  pWhat would be the best solution to perform the regular importp  ol liWindows Service using reference MySql.data dllli liWindows Client could make it automatedli liSQL Extended Stored Procedure is it possible to reference the MySQL.data dllli liSSIS package  Install MySQL ODBC driverli ol  pThe problem with 4 is that I do not really want to support the ODBC driver on the sql server.p  pIm not sure if you can even reference the x86 MySql.data dll into a x64 sql server process for 3. Or if you can even reference that dll within a sql server projectp
Negative 110 pThe current function I use to collect text InputBox cant accept more than 255 characters apparently, and I need to be able to collect more than that Is there a parameter or different function I can use to increase this limitp
Negative 110 pThe codestartcode Windows shell command in cmd.exe appears to be able to start a process strongwithstrong a chosen processor affinity, rather than starting the process strongthenstrong setting the chosen processor affinity some small period of time after it has started.p  precodestart affinity 2 something.exe codepre  pIs there a way to do the same from within a .NET application either with or without using PInvoke Calling out to codecmd.exe C start ...code doesnt count.p  pThe codeProcesscode class has the codeProcessorAffinitycode property, but it throws codeInvalidOperationExceptioncode if you try to set it before having called the codeStartcode method.p
Negative 110 pI have a XML file , that I need to show to the users in readable format i.e in formatting.p  phow this can be done with ASP.net website. Any Help  p
Negative 110 pWe can see all the changesets and the files involved usingp  precodehg outgoing v codepre  pbut the filenames are all scattered in the list of changesets.p  pIs there a way to just see a list of all the files that will go out if codehg pushcode is issuedp
Negative 110 pI have an existing PHPMySQL website that relies hugely on form POSTs for things like signing up, logging in, searching etc. I now need to create a native iPhone app for it. The business requires a native app for marketing reasons, I cant get away with a mobile optimized website.p  pIm looking for suggestions from someone who has already done this  how did you rewire your website to POSTGET data from the iPhone app Im guessing Ill have to sendreceive data as XML, which is then parsed by the server and client. Is there anything simpler or any framework that can make this easierp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI am trying to crop an image using Jcrop, I want this functionality in Jquery UI dialog box. I tried as suggested but its not working at all. Please Help. Thanksp
Negative 110 pZendForm When should be form created in view and not in controllerp  pstrongoption 1  form created in controller and passed to view usually usedstrongp  pstrongcontrollerstrongp  precodeformnew MyForm thisgtviewgtformform codepre  pstrongviewstrongp  precodeecho thisgtform codepre  pstrongoption 2  form created in view directly looks better to me because form its subpart of viewstrong p  pstrongviewstrongp  precodeformnew MyForm echo thisgtform codepre  pThanksp
Negative 110 pUnable to determine what is the best way to connect to mysql database in struts..p  ol liWe can always use codeDriverMangercode and codeClass.forNamecode to connect.li lipcodeDataSourcecode interface  but this has problems I am getting compliation error forp  pDataSource dataSource  DataSourcecontext.getAttributeGlobals.DATASOURCEKEY or when codeAction.DataSOURCEKEYcode is used. when searched I found that these variables are depricated.pli ol  pHow can I use connection pooling in strutsWhat is best place to place url,username,pass for databaseDO i still have to use datasource configuration in same way in strutsconfig Then why was this facility depricated  p  pToo many queastions but I cannot find a definite source to learn struts. Struts doc can be but then revisions and backword compatibility are the issues which a learner cannot get easily... Pls suggest a good source to learn struts2.p
Negative 110 pDoes Cocoa provide a builtin method to convert a key string into a properlyformatted set property accessor i.e. codelineSpacing gt setLineSpacingcodep  pFor examplep  precodeNSString  key  lineSpacing SEL selector  [key magicallyConvertIntoSetPropertyAccessor] codepre  por evenp  precodeNSString  key  lineSpacing SEL selector  NSSelectorFromString[key toSetPropertyAccessor] codepre  pstrongBackgroundstrong p  pIm working on a method that will set a number of properties, by name, using property values stored in a dictionary. I cant use codesetObjectforKeycode because I also use this method for properties that are of builtin types like codeNSIntegercode and codeCGFloatcode. Here is an example of the method I use for CGFloat, to illustratep  precode voidsetFloatPropertyNSString key valueCGFloatvalue targetidobject      NSString  setPropertyString  [NSString stringWithFormatset,                                     [key capitalizedString]]     SEL selector  NSSelectorFromStringsetPropertyString      NSMethodSignature  signature  ...     NSInvocation  invocation  ...      CGFloat arg  value     void  argument  amparg      [invocation setArgumentargument atIndex2]     [invocation invoke]  codepre  pThis method works for oneword properties like color or width, but fails on mulitword properties like lineSpacing or meaningOfLifeTheUniverseAndEverything because the codecapitalizecode method capitalizes the first letter while setting all subsequent letters to lowercase. Calling the above method using lineSpacing as the key results in failure, since the correct property setter would be codesetLineSpacingcode and not codesetLinespacingcodep
Negative 110 pI want to treat resharper 5.0 error Possible NullReference Exception as MSVS 2010 compile error. Is it possiblep
Negative 110 pI used to have a very smallsimple XIB file.br Something has caused it to quickly grow to over 500k.p  pThe only graphics in it are 3 small PNG files about 4k each.p  pHeres some of the XIB.  Any idea on what is causing this size increasep  precode   ltstring keyNSFramegt0, 44, 320, 416ltstringgt                         ltreference keyNSSuperview ref391473517gt                         ltobject classNSColor keyIBUIBackgroundColorgt                             ltint keyNSColorSpacegt10ltintgt                             ltobject classNSImage keyNSImagegt                                 ltint keyNSImageFlagsgt469473884ltintgt                                 ltstring keyNSSizegt256, 256ltstringgt                                 ltobject classNSMutableArray keyNSRepsgt                                     ltbool keyEncodedWithXMLCodergtYESltboolgt                                     ltobject classNSArraygt                                         ltbool keyEncodedWithXMLCodergtYESltboolgt                                         ltinteger value0gt                                         ltobject classNSBitmapImageRepgt                                             ltobject classNSData keyNSTIFFRepresentationgt                                                 ltbytes keyNS.bytesgt anB33Byef91d33dHZ82psc9sbnXZ2p03N1fP9qbXfcXN62psdf9wcnvdnd925xe9ucHf cnB32ptd92eHa2543Fzev9sb3ncHJ525wd9ucHfcHN925wd9wcnndnh82xudf93eX bm132ptd9sb3nbG513V3ff97fYPYmVu25xe9sb3nc3Z2psc9zdXzcHN92dqcf9qbHP CmVu2dqdP9nanHam132xvef91eIHZ2p025xe91d33bG5125wd92eHzdXd929xdf9ucHf fHl92xudf9ucHfbG953Bzff9sb3nbnF73l7gf9zdnc3Z3N2f91eIHc3V83Byef9nanT zXd92dqdP9ucXvdXd93N2f9zdXzZ2px2xudf9ucXvam133Bzff9zdXzcHN92psc9qbXf AbG512Jlbv9qbXfaGp02hqcP9rbnXcnV29yfP9ucXvbnF725xe9zdnbXB12xvef9qbXb codepre
Negative 110 pI need to convert integers into two decimal float numbers. So if i have an integer 3 i want it to be float 03. But if i have an two digit integer 33, i want it to be float 33.p
Negative 110 pIm interested in experimenting with embedding Python in my application, to let the user run Python scripts within the application environment, accessing internal Cimplemented objects, etc.  Im quite new to this so dont know exactly what Im doing.p  pI have read a hrefhttpdocs.python.orgrelease3.0.1extendingembedding.htmlEmbedding Python in Another Applicationa, though this seems to talk only about a C API and flat C functions, not classes or objects unless Ive missed something and its Embedding Python in C section is only two sentences long.  However, strongI also came across a hrefhttpwiki.python.orgmoinboost.pythonEmbeddingPythonhow to use boostpythonastrong and this looks excellent.p  pTheres one problem boostpython a hrefhttpblogs.embarcadero.comddean2009111134858is not supported by C Builder 2010a.p  pSo, given this, strongwhat is the best approach for embedding Python in a  C application compiled with C Builder 2010, and, using whichever technique is best, how do you expose  integrate classes and objects to give the Python coder access to the objectoriented internals of a programstrong  Have I missed a standard approach  Is exposing internal classes or instantiated objects to Python as objects easy, or is the API truly Cstyle or flat  nonOO, and if so whats the best approach to mimic an underlying OO layer through such an APIp  pNote I actually use RAD Studio, which includes both C Builder and Delphi.  It may be possible to make use of some sort of Delphispecific binding, but the ones Ive encountered are a hrefhttpmembres.multimania.frmaratdelphipython.htmsix or seven years olda, or are newish Python 2.6 but a hrefhttpcode.google.comppython4delphiwlistdont seem to have any documentationa and have comments in the issue list like a hrefhttpcode.google.comppython4delphiissuesdetailid4Anyone reads thiese [sic] comments anyway  Anyone working on this projecta which is not encouraging.  But please feel free to include Delphispecific answers especially if you think its likely theyll work in a combined DCB app.  I appreciate all answers even if they arent quite perfect  I can research, I just need pointers on where to go.  A native C solution would probably be ideal, though, since using VCLderived objects has its own limitations.p  pThanks for your inputp
Negative 110 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions487258plainenglishexplanationofbigoPlain English explanation of Big Oa  p blockquote    pI cant find any sufficient help for learn or understand about Onotation,  and how learn about time or space complexity. So please suggest me , where can I start this. Its really need to me, for now these time.So please give me solution quick. Thanks a lot in advance.p
Negative 110 pI havep  precodevoidrequestFailedASIHTTPRequest request      NSError error  [request error]     NSLogRequest Failed Error , error  codepre  pWhen I make my request I do p  precode    add data to the array     NSString json  [array JSONRepresentation] [request appendPostData[json dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]]  [request startAsynchronous] codepre  pIm getting this in my logp  precode 00811 165211.652 MyProject[11720207] Starting asynchronous request ltASIHTTPRequest 0x5a7df10gt codepre  p20100811 165211.861 MyProject[11720207] Request  finished downloading data 20100811 165211.861 MyProject[11720207] Request failed  gdb p  pBut my log statement in p  precode voidrequestFailed codepre  pis not getting called. Any ideasp  pCheersp
Negative 110 pI need to create a reusable DataGrid column with a custom CellTemplate. This CellTemplate should, among other things, contain a TextBlock control to which I need to bind values to display in the DataGrid. All examples Ive seen so far specified the CellTemplate for a column directly when using it in a DataGrids Columns property and also specified a Binding directly to the TextBlock, e.g.p  precodeltdataDataGridgt     ltdataDataGrid.Columnsgt         ltdataDataGridTemplateColumn HeaderNamegt             ltdataDataGridTemplateColumn.CellTemplategt                 ltDataTemplategt                     ltTextBlock TextBinding Namegt                 ltDataTemplategt             ltdataDataGridTemplateColumn.CellTemplategt         ltdataDataGridTemplateColumngt     ltdataDataGrid.Columnsgt ltdataDataGridgt codepre  pI need to encapsulate this column into a single, reusable control and I want to specify a Binding for it just like for an ordinary DataGridTextColumn. In other words, when using this custom column, I just want to write something like thisp  precodeltdataDataGridgt     ltdataDataGrid.Columnsgt         ltcontrolsCustomColumn HeaderName BindingBinding Name gt     ltdataDataGrid.Columnsgt ltdataDataGridgt codepre  pProblem is that the DataGridTemplateColumn my custom column is inheriting from does not have the Binding property. I thought that I will be able to use DataGridBoundColumn, but its not possible to specify a CellTemplate for it.p  pHow to achieve a desired behavior Thank youp
Negative 110 pI know little elisp, and Im trying to figure out how to call a function that takes a property list as one of its arguments. The particular function is a hrefhttprudel.bzr.sourceforge.netbzrrudelbranchesircannotateheadrudel.elL868 relnofollowcoderudeljoinsessioncodea from the a hrefhttpwww.emacswiki.orgemacsRudel relnofollowRudela package Im trying to set it up so Rudel will automatically join a session when Emacs starts. Im not sure how property lists work, so I tried doing thisp  precoderudeljoinsession list backend obby                           host foo                           port 6522                           username username                           color blue                           globalpassword                            userpassword                             codepre  pIm getting the errorp  blockquote   pWrong type argument listp, obbyp blockquote  pI assume its from using property lists wrong. Any idea what the correct syntax isp
Negative 110 pI am looking for the best open source softphone that is implemented in JAVA and comes in a jar file.p  pAny suggestionsp
Negative 110 pI am getting some response of HTTP request.p  pResponse header is ContentType  textjavascript and some response body.p  pI want to save this response body in text file as a.txt.p  pCan I do it  I have C files in which I have to do it.p  pRegards PJp
Negative 110 pI created a top level directory called maintenance in my Ruby on Rails application. Theres mostly scripts there that I use for my own cleanupproject maintenance. I want to be able to load my models and activerecord so I can query them in my script. What do I have to load at the beginning of the script to get it to properly know my environmentp
Negative 110 pGiven a sessionid, is it possible to retrieve that information from wherever the session data is stored, or do I have to store the information I want in a database, and retrieve based on the sessionidp
Negative 110 pI want to pass the movie url from my dynamically generated button to MediaPlayerp  precode[button addTargetself actionselectorbuttonPressed withObject[speakersmp4 objectAtIndex[indexPath row]] forControlEventsUIControlEventTouchUpInside] codepre  pbut codeactionselector withObjectcode does not workp  pIs there any other solutionp  pThanks for helpp
Negative 110 pIm developing on an application at the moment which contains quite a lot of personal user information  things like Facebook contacts, etc ... Now, one of the things I want to be able to do and have done, quite effectively is open up parts of the application to 3rd Party applications, using Androids buildin interprocess communication protocol AIDL. So far so good.p  pHeres the catch because were involved in handling quite a lot of personal information, we have to be quite careful about who can and cant access it specifically, only Trusted applications should be able to do so. So the natural way to do this is to use a custom permission within the AndroidManifest.xml file where we declare the services. My problem is this I want to be able to enact signaturelevel protection similar to the normal signature permission level, but with a bit of a catchp  pI dont emonlyem want application signed with our internal signature to be able to access the services. Id like to be able to build a list of trusted signatures amp at runtime or if theres a better way, then maybe some other time be able to check incoming requests against this list of trusted keys.p  pThis would satisfy the security constraints in the same way as the normal signature permission level I think  only programs on the trusted keys list would be able to access the services, and keys are hard to spoof if possible at all  but with the added bonus that we wouldnt have to sign every application making use of the APIs with our internal teams key.p  pIs this possible at the moment in Android And if so, are there any special requirementsp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pWhats the difference between a typical HDR rendering pipeline and a normal rendering pipeline i.e. bpp differences Some additional post processing stepp
Negative 110 pHow can i export data in different work sheets.p  pIf data is more than 25000 , i want to write next 25000 in next worksheet,p  pin xls data can be in different tabs..p  pHow can i make that structure using PHP export to csv or xls.p  pWill it help to reduce load , if i write in different sheets.p
Negative 110 pIm working with Android, trying to make my AudioTrack application play a Windows .wav file Tada.wav.  Frankly, it shouldnt be this hard, but Im hearing a lot of strange stuff.  The file is saved on my phones mini SD card and reading the contents doesnt seem to be a problem, but when I play the file with parameters Im only PRETTY SURE are right, I get a few seconds of white noise before the sound seems to resolve itself into something that just may be right.p  pI have successfully recorded and played my own voice back on the phone  I created a .pcm file according to the directions in this examplep  pa hrefhttpemeadev.blogspot.com200909rawaudiomanipulationinandroid.htmlhttpemeadev.blogspot.com200909rawaudiomanipulationinandroid.htmlap  pwithout the backwards masking...p  pAnybody got some suggestions or awareness of an example on the web for playing a .wav file on an Androidp  pThanks, R.p
Negative 110 pI have created a j2ee project usingp  precode1DB2 as database server 2WASCE server to deploy the application 3eclipse to code. codepre  pas wasce server is running too slow I want to change to any other server.p  pmy question is p  pcan I change to any other server What are your views about tomcat and sql server The most important question is what changes should I make in my web app to adapt a different serverIs the changes in the web.config file sufficient to adapt different servers having the same database serverp  pin hope of a good response.p  probinp
Negative 110 pI have a very straight forward issue here.  I need to take JSON coming from the API and convert it to objects I created for them.p  pThis far, it will deserialize them into my List but each Metric object has null valuesp  pstrongJSON COMING INstrongp  precode metrics [              metric              type 1,             name slide11start,             value 1287249598295,             sessionID                 ,              metric              type 1,             name slide21start,             value 1287249601368,             sessionID                 ,              metric              type 7,             name resolution,             value 1680x1050,             sessionID                 ,              metric              type 6,             name OS,             value Linux,             sessionID                 ,              metric              type 5,             name browser,             value Netscape,             sessionID                   ] codepre  pp  pstrongMetric Objectstrongp  precodepublic class Metric       private int type     private String name     private String value     private String sessionID             return the type           public int getType          return type                  param type the type to set           public void setTypeint type          this.type  type                  return the name           public String getName          return name                  param name the name to set           public void setNameString name          this.name  name                  return the value           public String getValue          return value                  param value the value to set           public void setValueString value          this.value  value                  return the sessionID           public String getSessionID          return sessionID                  param sessionID the sessionID to set           public void setSessionIDString sessionID          this.sessionID  sessionID        codepre  pstrongContainer Ojbectstrongp  precodeimport java.util.List       author joshua   public class MetricSet       private ListltMetricgt metrics             return the metrics           public ListltMetricgt getMetrics          return metrics                  param metrics the metrics to set           public void setMetricsListltMetricgt metrics          this.metrics  metrics       codepre  pstrongCODE TO CONVERT THE JSONstrongp  precode    String json       ifrequest.getParameterdata  null          json  request.getParameterdata           MetricSet metrics  new MetricSet      try          Gson gson  new Gson         Type listType  new TypeTokenltMetricSetgt .getType         metrics  gson.fromJsonjson, MetricSet.class          catchException ex          String msg  ex.toString      codepre
Negative 110 pI am developing a GUI in python with wxPython framework to launch several subprocess programs. Now I could do it for the local files, e.g. if we have a compiled .out file under the path AAABBBxxx.out, I could do with command like thisp  precodesubprocess.PopenAAABBBxxx.out, stdoutsubprocess.PIPE codepre  pNow, I am thinking to develop the following two URLrelated remote features, strongstill calling them as subprocesses because the main process is the GUIstrong, but I do not know how to do it in python. p  p1 how to launch the program, given the url of the .out file e.g. given a hrefhttpwww.ABC.comxxx.out relnofollowhttpwww.ABC.comxxx.outa p  p2 how to launch the program, given the url of the source code of this .out file e.g. a hrefhttpwww.ABC.comxxxsrc relnofollowhttpwww.ABC.comxxxsrca contains the C source code and the makefile of the programp  pwhat kind of python module could be used and what potential problems might be envolved  Usually what is the right way to implement these two features p  pThanks a lot for any suggestions or sample code that will be very helpfulp
Negative 110 pI have codecolorcode column in MySQL table which type is codeENUMRED, YELLOW, MYCOLOR, BLACKcode, and another codenamecode column which type is codeVARCHAR30code.p  pI would like to get all table rows in the following orderp  ul licodeYELLOWcode rows first, sorted by codenamecodeli licodeREDcode rows last, sorted by codenamecodeli liIn the middle, all other rows, sorted by codenamecodeli ul  pIs that possible to make this kind of sort in 1 query p
Negative 110 pIm implementing Google Maps API and Id like the first markers InfoWindow to open when the template is first rendered but strongonlystrong if a certain condition is true.p  pI have something like thisp  precode if project  the following is automatically open the infowindow of the FIRST marker in the array when rendering the template   var infowindow  new google.maps.InfoWindow     maxWidth500      infowindow.setContentmarkers[0].html   infowindow.openmap, markers[0]  endif  codepre  pThis does emnotem throw an error in Firefox or Internet Explorer 7 it does what I want  but it just SEEMS wrong. My text editor is screaming its head off with warningserrors.p  pIs this bad coding practice And if so, any suggestions for the alternative p  hr  pThis is the complete code, inside script tags, with the irrelevant bits edited outp  precodefunction initialize    ...   var map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmapcanvas,                                 myOptions    var markers  []   setMarkersmap, projects, locations, markers   ...   function setMarkersmap, projects, locations, markers    for var i  0 i lt projects.length i      var project  projects[i]     var address  new google.maps.LatLnglocations[i][0],locations[i][1]      var marker  new google.maps.Marker             map map,              positionaddress,             titleproject[0],             html description               markers[i]  marker     google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, function             infowindow.setContentthis.html               infowindow.openmap,this           if project  the following is automatically open the infowindow of the FIRST marker in the array when rendering the template   var infowindow  new google.maps.InfoWindow     maxWidth500      infowindow.setContentmarkers[0].html   infowindow.openmap, markers[0]  endif       google.maps.event.addDomListenerwindow, load, initialize codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to invite guest to google calendar using GData. I foundp  pa hrefhttpwww.mailarchive.comgooglecalendarhelpdataapigooglegroups.commsg01759.html relnofollowhttpwww.mailarchive.comgooglecalendarhelpdataapigooglegroups.commsg01759.htmlap  pBut on the linep  precodeentry.ExtensionElements.Addfragment.FirstChild codepre  pI get a compile error sayingp  precodeError 3 Argument 1 cannot convert from System.Xml.XmlNode to Google.GData.Client.IExtensionElementFactory  codepre  pWhat am I missingp
Negative 110 pI was looking for some tutorials explaining about Java codeCloneablecode, but did not get any good links, and Stack Overflow is becoming more obvious choice anyways.  p  pI would like to know the followingp  ul lia. codeCloneablecode means we can have a clone or a copy of objects, by implementing the codeCloneablecode interface. What are the advantages and disadvantages of doing that  li lib. How does the recursive cloning happen if the object is a composite object  li ul  pThank you.p
Negative 110 pI user jQuerys ajax to sign up users.  I use almost the exact code below to do similar stuff all over my site and yet for some reason the code below is throwing this error in Firebug.p  pErrorp  pcodeuncaught exception [Exception... Not enough arguments nsresult 0x80570001 NSERRORXPCNOTENOUGHARGS location JS frame  a hrefhttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.4.2jquery.js relnofollowhttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.4.2jquery.jsa  add  line 5437 data no]codep  pCallp  precodelzaUserAPI.doAUserSignupsignupUsername, signupPassword, signupEmail, signupFullname, signupCompanyName, signupWebsite, signupPhone, lzaSigninup.onAUserSignedUp codepre  pAjax Functionp  precodedoAUserSignup  functionusername, password, email, fullname, companyname, website, phone, callback       Add to server     var paras  cmd  doAUserSignup, us username, ps password, em email, flnm fullname, cpnm companyname, wbst website, phne phone      .ajax         url lzaUserAPI.murl,         dataType json,         data paras,         success functionretcallbackret      , codepre  pCallbackp  precodeonAUserSignedUp  function ret       alert yea     Todo log them in  codepre  pAny ideas Thanks in advancep
Negative 110 pWhen a hrefhttpwww.hibernate.orgHibernatea emwritesem a Java a hrefhttpdownload.oracle.comjavase6docsapijavautilCalendar.htmlcodeCalendarcodea object to an SQL a hrefhttpwww.postgresql.orgdocs9.0staticdatatypedatetime.htmlAEN5523codeTIMESTAMPcodea column, to which time zone does it adjust the date, that of the computer or that specified in the calendar object or some otherp  pWhen Hibernate emreadsem the codeTIMESTAMPcode into the calendar object, to which time zone does it translate the datep
Negative 110 pI know this has to be a really simple question, but I am having trouble finding it in a simple place where there arent so many other things going on that I can isolate the specific behavior.p  pI know I need to add a UITextField as a subview to the UITableViewCell to make it editable.  What is the best way to do this  I see an example in UICatalog, but I am confused with all of the extra things it is doing with the Dictionary.p  pAgain, please excuse the ignorance of this question.  A pointer to sample code or a screencast would be much appreciated.p  pThanks in advance,p  pAlanp
Negative 110 pI am a student C programmer. I am just learning Localization and Globalization. I am just created a button to change the current culture CurrentCulture and CurrentUICulture of the current thread. But after running this program this button is not working as I need. Button click event I written is like belowp  precode    private void BtnLocalizedClickobject sender, EventArgs e              CultureInfo CI  new CultureInfohiIN         if Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentCulture  CI                      Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentCulture  CI             Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentUICulture  CI                  else                      CI  new CultureInfoenIN             Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentCulture  CI             Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentUICulture  CI               codepre  pI also tried calling codeInitializeComponentcode method after else block. But it just create another button component without dispossing the current button.p  pHow can I reinitialized this buttonp  pstrongEditstrongbr I just want to change the codeTextcode properties with my current local language set bt this application.p
Negative 110 pFor the a hrefhttpmeta.stackexchange.comquestions57316offeranxmppmethodforchat6342063420XMPP interface for the Stack Overflow chata, I am currently a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4101525usingrubyhowcaniconfirmthatanxmlsnippitisvalidtaking the HTML of the chat messages and converting to valid XMLa, and setting that as the codehtmlcode child element of the XMPP codemessagecode object. In my Mac OS X jabber client this was working great It meant that when users in the SO chat posted a oneboxed image, the image would show up in my XMPP client Adium for OS Xp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0kfu2.png altMy Mind Is Blownp  pHowever I just updated Adium to the latest version and apparently a hrefhttptrac.adium.imticket11506 relnofollowthey considered what I was doing to be a security hole and against XMPP specs, and changed that behaviora. Their reasoning was that XMPP should not reveal your Ip address, and to fetch an image over HTTP would reveal my IP address.p  pSo now the chats are imageless over XMPP. How can I make images work over XMPP Should my XMPP component download the images and embed them into the codeltMessagegtcode stanzas Can the images be proxied through the XMPP server Or is this an impossibilityp
Negative 110 pUsing jQuery I use the selector and the each function to itterate through named elements of an XML string.p  pe.g.p  precodeltxmlgtltelemgtltelemgtltelemgtltelemgtltxmlgt.eachfunction       alertprocessing elem tag  codepre  pThis works fine in FFChromeIElt8 but in 9 fails. Presumably something in the IE doc no longer allows this.p
Negative 110 pIt might be a duplicate question. But after i have read the many questions related to this topic, im not convinced with the answers and querying it here. Please help me to get concrete answer for this. How to support network wifi printer in an iPhone application to print a page or document I want to access network printer in my iPhone application and push some pages to print from my iPhone app to Printerp  ol liIs it possible How to do that  I saw in the forum answers that we need to first build a desktop application, then iPhone app can push the data to the desktop app, then desktop app will be able to push the data lastly to the printer. li liIs it the way do it If yes, cant we access printer and push the page to the printer directly from my iPhone appli liFrom what version APIs are supported for printer accessli ol  pPlease help me by giving answers if you know about it.p  pThank you.p
Negative 110 pI have a hyperlink that isp  precode lta hrefsome.htmlgtTestltagt codepre  pIf I click on the Test link, codesome.htmlcode should open as pop up menu with some given width amp height.p  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 110 pI need to set my root UIViewController as the delegate for one of its modal child UIViewControllers runwayAnalysisViewController.  I implemented a delegate protocol which my root UIViewController adopts.  p  precode[runwayAnalysisViewController setSettingsDelegate self]  codepre  pself being the parent UIViewControllerp  pUnfortunately, I am receiving the classic error, runwayAnalysisViewController may not respond to setSettingsDelegate method.p  pthe delegate is declared as such in the RunwayAnalysisViewController classp  precodeid ltSettingsRequestDelegategt settingsDelegate codepre  pthencep  precodepropertynonatomic, assign id ltSettingsRequestDelegategt settingsDelegate codepre  pit is synthesized in the .m file as well.p  pI have tried synthesizing the accessor amp mutator methods for the delegate as well as manually writing the same but to no avail.p  pother attempt, methods declared in interface and implemented as shownp  precodevoidsetSettingsDelegateidaDelegate  settingsDelegate  aDelegate  idsettingsDelegate  return settingsDelegate  codepre  pStrangely enough, while this warning persists, I implemented the single method of this delegate as follows  p  precodepragma mark  SettingsRequestDelegate Methods  voiduserDidRequestSettingsAccessidsender      NSLogUser did request settings access  codepre  pI am able to get a successful message sent from the delegate to the parent UIViewController Any help would be appreciated.p
Negative 110 pI have an Adapter class that wraps an object called XSession. This adpater expects an ILogger and ICacheManager.p  pThe way I thought of it is by defining this class with Unity and let it resolve both interfaces that are put in as constructor inputs.p  pWhat about the XSession object It is not registered by Unity, as I need to create it myself because its constructor requires input parameters that I gather from QueryString. p  pDo I resolve the Adpater class then set the XSession object Other better wayp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI would like to save files uploaded from a form to certain folder in my Spring 3 application. Im a rookie with this, dont know how to get started. Files must be java File format.p
Negative 110 pi try to bind data to model with Html.EditorFor helper and submit, but model come to controller is null. p  pHere is code of modelp  precodepublic class LogOnModel      [LocalizedRequired]     [LocalizedDisplayNameUser Name]     public string UserName  get set       [LocalizedRequired]     [DataTypeDataType.Password]     [LocalizedDisplayNamePassword]     public string Password  get set       [LocalizedDisplayNameRemember Me]     public bool RememberMe  get set   codepre  pthis is cshtmlp  precodemodel Models.LogOnModel      View.Title  Log On  using Html.BeginForm      Html.EditorForm gt m.UserName     Html.EditorForm gt m.Password     ltinput typesubmit valueLogOn gt  codepre  pand html code is generate like thisp  precodeltinput idUserNameUserName nameUserName.UserName typetext valueqwerty gt ltinput idPasswordPassword namePassword.Password typepassword gt codepre  pit seems like error in htmlgenerated code, it should be idsomeid valuesomevalue, but not idsomeidsomeid valuesomevalue.somevaluep
Negative 110 h2Extract SOAP messages form svclogh2  pHi guysp  pI enabled trace listening in my app to trace soap messages.br Take a look at this a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms732023.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms732023.aspxap  pMy app is a client to a web .net service.br So now I can collect infos in a svclog, wellp  pBut how can I extract soap messages from this In the log soap messages were written in this formbr ...br System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] Data from ConnectStream53182860Writebr System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 00000000  3C 3F 78 6D 6C 20 76 6572 73 69 6F 6E 3D 22 31   System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 00000010  2E 30 22 20 65 6E 63 6F64 69 6E 67 3D 22 75 74  .0 encodingutbr System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 00000020  66 2D 38 22 3F 3E 3C 736F 61 70 3A 45 6E 76 65  f8 System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 00000030  6C 6F 70 65 20 78 6D 6C6E 73 3A 73 6F 61 70 3D  lope xmlnssoapbr System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 00000040  22 68 74 74 70 3A 2F 2F73 63 68 65 6D 61 73 2E  httpschemas.br System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 00000050  78 6D 6C 73 6F 61 70 2E6F 72 67 2F 73 6F 61 70  xmlsoap.orgsoapbr System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 00000060  2F 65 6E 76 65 6C 6F 7065 2F 22 20 78 6D 6C 6E  envelope xmlnbr System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 00000070  73 3A 73 6F 61 70 65 6E63 3D 22 68 74 74 70 3A  ssoapenchttpbr System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 00000080  2F 2F 73 63 68 65 6D 6173 2E 78 6D 6C 73 6F 61  schemas.xmlsoabr System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 00000090  70 2E 6F 72 67 2F 73 6F61 70 2F 65 6E 63 6F 64  p.orgsoapencodbr System.Net Verbose 0  [5344] 000000A0  69 6E 67 2F 22 20 78 6D6C 6E 73 3A 74 6E 73 3D  ing xmlnstns  p  p...p  pTheres a way to extract them from svclog filebr I strongcannotstrong modify the code, so the configuration way to trace this stuff is my preferred solution.p  pThank youbr Nandop
Negative 110 pI am now designing my database for an application based on Talents, for examplep  ul liModelsli liActorsli liSingersli liDancersli liMusiciansli ul  pI started a similar question yesterday and have made some progress from the responses but I thought it would be easier to start a new question now. So this is what I have at the momentp  precodeTable talent   id  name  Table subtalent   id  name  talentid FK  Table user   id  name codepre  pAny user who signs up on the website can create a profile for one or more of these talents. A talent can have subtalents, for example an actor can be a tv actor or a theatre actor or a voiceover actor.p  pNow I need to know answers to the followingp  p1 How should I store what talents and subtalents a user has. I assume there will need to be two more tables talentuser and subtalentuserp  p2 The user can specify specific information about each TOP LEVEL talent they have. The fields will vary for each talent so I assume this will require another set of tables And how would these be linked to the user record, i.e. what would the foreign key bep
Negative 110 pI want to add Querystring checking and logging in the case of any tampered with querystrings.  Is the PageInit event on a given page the right place to do that in the ASP.Net page lifecyclep
Negative 110 pI have on question about Smarty 3. I want to put block function as a parameter of other block function. Heres an examplep  precodefunc paramotherfuncSecond blockotherfuncFirst blockfunc codepre  pThis of course is not working, but I cant find a way to make it work.p  pId appreciate any help.p
Negative 110 pI want to store .flv files in the database and not in the file system.p  pstrongThis is what I can do right nowstrongbr Successfully convert .wmv and .mpeg to .flv with ffmpeg.br Store images in SQL Server and show them on my page with an httphandler.br Same with .avi and .mpeg videos. Its up to the users software if he can view it thoughbr Play .flv files in the browser if the file is located in the file system and not in the database.  p  pstrongWhat I cant do isstrongbr Stream .flv videos to JW Player directly from the database. Stored as binary data  p  pIve searched the internet for two days now but I cant get it to work. It feels as if Im almost there though. The JW Player opens up and starts to buffer, but nothing happens.  p  pI know theres no easy answer but if anyone has done this before, or something similar, Id like to know how you did. I feel Ive got too much code to post it all here.  p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 110 pIm trying to run a rails 3 app on a windows server using jruby and glassfish gem. I can run the app fine using rails s. Heres my probelmp  pCwebappmcsjruby S glassfishp  pStarting GlassFish server at 0.0.0.03000 in development environment... Writing log messages to Cwebappmcslogdevelopment.log. Press CtrlC to stop.p  precodejavautilServiceLoader.java207in fail java.util.ServiceConfigurationError com.sun.enterprise.module.bootstrap.Pla tformMain Provider com.sun.enterprise.glassfish.bootstrap.ASEmbedded could not be instantiated java.lang.IllegalArgume ntException URI is not hierarchical NativeException         from javautilServiceLoader.java164in access100         from javautilServiceLoader.java353in next         from javautilServiceLoader.java421in next         from orgglassfishapiembeddedServer.java644in getMain         from orgglassfishapiembeddedServer.java263in ltinitgt         from orgglassfishapiembeddedServer.java61in ltinitgt         from orgglassfishapiembeddedServer.java158in build         from orgglassfishapiembeddedServer.java140in build         from orgglassfishscriptinggemGlassFishMain.java122in startGlassFishEmbedded         from orgglassfishscriptinggemGlassFishMain.java298in start         from cjruby1.5.6librubygems1.8gemsglassfish1.0.2universaljavalibserver.rb146in start         from cjruby1.5.6librubygems1.8gemsglassfish1.0.2universaljavalibserver.rb146in start         from Cjruby1.5.6librubygems1.8gemsglassfish1.0.2universaljavabinglassfish55         from Cjruby1.5.6librubygems1.8gemsglassfish1.0.2universaljavabinglassfish19in load         from cjruby1.5.6binglassfish19 codepre  pIm sure its a simple environment setup thing, any suggestions Much appreciated.p
Negative 110 pe.g. recent versions of TCPView has such functionality showing bytes sentreceived per TCP connection counting starts when TCPView is launched. is it possible wo packet sniffering does windows provides any API for this I havent found such Performance Counterp  phow to enumerate all connections are described a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comKBIPiphlpapi.aspxhereap  pEDIT does TDI help to receive persocket transfer statistics NetBIOS any links where to digp
Negative 110 pThe goalp  pRemote control of an Android device.  Im trying to make an alternate input device for physically disabled individuals who cant use a touchscreen or the tiny slideout keyboard on an Android phone or tablet.  I need to be able to control the entire Android device  send keystrokes like KEYCODEDPADDOWN, etc.  A joystick or other input device would be used, and ideally the command would be sent to the device via Bluetooth.p  pHeres where I am nowp  pI can send these keystrokes through Monkeyrunner to control an active device Thanks for the help, Roman R..  Problem is, that requires a computer to be connected to the device and configured to program it.  Id like to eliminate the computer from the system altogether, and allow an individual to have complete remote control over their Android device.  Perhaps through an app or service that would run in the background, handle the Bluetooth exchange and produce the corresponding Key Events.p  pMy research thus farp  pIt is possible to send KeyEvents, but this only seems to allow interaction with your own app  entering text into an EditText box, for example. a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comresourcesarticlescreatinginputmethod.html relnofollowlinkap  pIt is also possible as far as I understand to trap a physical key event on the device and perform some action in response to that event.  p  pFinally, it looks like Google knows exactly what Im trying to do but has disallowed it for security reasons.  a hrefhttpwww.anddev.orgnovicetutorialsf8throwingsimulatingkeystrokesprogramaticallyt71715.html relnofollowlinka  at the bottom of the page someone links to a hrefhttpgroups.google.comgroupandroiddevelopersmsg001710cd8adf3a41 relnofollowthisa blog, where it is stated that this is not allowed.p  pI understand there could be security concerns for implementing something like this, but the whole goal of this project is to give the user complete remote control over the Android system.  Obviously it would be necessary to explicitly require the user to authorize this control.  This sort of control is already available, they call it a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comguidetopicsadmindeviceadmin.html relnofollowDevice Administrationa.  This allows an app to control very intimate parts of the system, and correctly requires explicit authorization to do so.  This remote control system would be no different.p  pIn my case it would be used to assist my sister, who is physically disabled.  You might use it to create a flight control system or some other gamepadlike controller.  There are a lot of reasons to implement this sort of interface.p  pFinally, Google is constantly updating Android, and the blog entry above that states this cannot be done is over two years old.  A lot has changed since then...p  pDoes anyone have any idea how to do this  If it cant be done yet, do you know how to make an official request for a new feature to be added to the Android system that might allow it in a later releasep  pThanksp
Negative 110 pRegEx flavor a hrefhttpwww.regularexpressions.infowxwidgets.html relnofollowwxRegExa.p  pI am trying to create a grouped regex that matches a string that sometimes begins with a whitespace. When it doesnt begin with a whitespace, it begins with the target group second parenthesized expression in the following sample. It is a relatively simple line made of a few predictable tokens and one portion of arbitrary text, e.g.p  precodegood Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error  better Sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium  best Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas   ok Sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium  codepre  pstrongNotestrong The quoted characters are emnotem part of my input. By introducing the quotes in my posting I am trying to make the boundaries of each linestring clearer.p  pThe regex that I came up with to match the above in a grouped manner i.e. that I can address each group separately for further processing isp  precodesgoodbetterbestok .  codepre  pstrongNotestrong s is wxRegExs classshorthand escape for [[space]].p  pThe problem is that this regex works only when the line actually begins with a space. Why doesnt the  right after s mean 0 or more occurrences of s p  pI know I am missing something fundamental here, but what is itp
Negative 110 pwe are looking into a java based CMS yes java, we are moving away from scripting languages.p  pAnybody has hands on experience with teh community editions of Magnolia and Jahia, whats easer to make modules against and whats your overall experiencep  ul liFor the content editorsli liFor the developers that make modulesli liHow easy it is to handle change request can you add this or that to page foobarli ul  prvtp
Negative 110 pI have a css driven dropdown menu, and in Chrome when I hover over the last option the whole thing jumps to the left slightly. I assume its because the dropdown menu is adding to the overall width of the main list even though its styled to float. Is there any way to fix this its not doing it in firefox interestinglyp  pIve noticed by using webdeveloper to outline elements that the last li appears to get wider when its hovered, but none of the others do.p  pthe applicable sourcecode is here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netWsAEW relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netWsAEWap
Negative 110 pI dont want users to access other users profiles. So this is what Im doing. Is it finep  precodeltphp  sessionstart  ifSESSION[username]ryan headerlocationdash.php  else locationlocation404.php   gt codepre  pis this securep
Negative 110 pIm writing an importer from Git to Plastic SCM and I found one case I wasnt aware ofp  precodeM 100644 31624 activesupportlibactivesupportcoreextarrayconversions.rb M 100644 31625 activesupportlibactivesupportvendor.rb M 160000 70ab0f3cc5921cc67e09741939a08b2582d707cb activesupportlibactivesupportvendori18n0.0.1 codepre  pAs you can see, the last element exported with fastexport from the Git repo itself enters a blob instead of a mark. Why does it happen Is there a way to force all objects to be exported as marksp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pi create a xml document with JAXP and search a way to insert the schemalocation. At the moment my application producesp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltrootgt ... ltrootgt codepre  pBut i needp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltroot xmlnsnamespaceURL  xmlnsxshttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsschemaLocationnamespaceURL pathToMySchema.xsdgt ... ltrootgt codepre  pMy codep  precodeStreamResult result  new StreamResultwriter Document doc  getDocument  Transformer trans  transfac.newTransformer trans.setOutputPropertyOutputKeys.INDENT, yes trans.setOutputPropertyOutputKeys.METHOD, xml trans.setOutputPropertyOutputKeys.VERSION, 1.0 trans.setOutputPropertyOutputKeys.ENCODING, UTF8  DOMSource source  new DOMSourcedepl.getAsElementdoc trans.transformsource, result codepre  pThanks for your time,br Kastenp
Negative 110 pIs it possible, in php, to pass variables to functions like thisp  precodefunction myfunctionvar1bar, var2foo echo var1 . var2    myfunctionvar2bar codepre  pand get the following output barbar p  pRegards Kristofferp
Negative 110 pI have a jsp page containing a richdataTable with some data regarding my clients.br In each row I have another richdataTable containing some commission rates for the current customer.br The code is something like this  p  precode            ltrichdataTable idclientList valueclientsBean.model varclient rows15gt                 ltrichcolumn idnameColumngt                     ltffacet nameheadergt                         lthoutputText valuemsg.manageclientsclientname gt                     ltffacetgt                     lthoutputText idname valueclient.name gt                 ltrichcolumngt                 ltrichcolumn idclientRatesColumngt                     ltffacet nameheadergt                         lthoutputText valuemsg.manageclientsclientrates gt                     ltffacetgt                     ltrichdataTable idclientRates valueclient.clientRates varclientRategt                         ltrichcolumn idclientRateProduct sortabletrue sortByclientRate.product.qualifiedNamegt                             ltffacet nameheadergt                                 lthoutputText valuemsg.manageclientsrateproduct gt                             ltffacetgt                             lthoutputText valueclientRate.product.qualifiedName gt                         ltrichcolumngt                         ...                     ltrichdataTablegt                 ltrichcolumngt                 ...             ltrichdataTablegt codepre  pAs you can see the embedded richdataTable idcodeclientRatescode contains a sortable column idcodeclientRateProductcode.br My problem is that if I click on the sort icon in the codeclientRateProductcode column for the current client strongallstrong codeclientRatescode dataTables will be sorted not just the one for the current client.br I want the sort action to be performed just on the current codeclientRatescode dataTable. Can anybody please suggest a solution   p  pI use RichFaces 3.2.2.SR1. amp Tomcat 6.0.29p
Negative 110 pIve installed Visual Basic Power Pack 3 in Visual Studio 2008 SP1. br  I wanna change the background color of RectangleShape in a C WinForm  br  I changed codeFillColorcode property and codeBackColorcode property to codeBlackcode but nothing happened and  RectangleShapes  background color didnt changed. br p  pHow can I change the background color of  RectangleShape p
Negative 110 pIm using cocoa for the first time im using it through MonoMac, so Im having problems understanding how I can do this I have some text fields with some data binded to it using Cocoa bindings, and a Object Controller, the problem is that I want to making changes in those textfields saved only when I press a button, but I cant figure how I can do this, as for now when I change the text in a textfield those changes are automatically commited when I leave the textfield..p  pAny ideasp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pAre there javascript libraries that can handle large data visualization Ive seen Protovis, but not sure how much data it can handle. Also, how do Actionscript libraries compare to Javascript in terms of performancep  pMore Ive tried Flare, but seems to be slow for my applictaion. Now Im yet to figure out if it is the rendering or if it is the shaping of data for rendering. I am looking at interactive graphs like the JobVoyager. p
Negative 110 precodeincludeltcurses.hgt includes the curses library so it can be used in the function main  opening main method     int i declare int i     initscr creates a terminal of a specific type     noecho  turn off echoing      for i0 I lt5 i loops from 0 to 4         getch takes one character from the keyboard, I think      endwin  restores the terminal codepre  pI am not sure about what this simple program is doing, and cannot seem to run it either   Could someone please help me out here p
Negative 110 pBicubic interpolation is one of the common interpolation method, but I can not find any working implementation on OpenCL. I was decided to write bicubic interpolation on OpenCL myself, but ...p  pI have some problem with kernel programm.  p  pWhen I run kernel execution, program failed with error CLEXECSTATUSERRORFOREVENTSINWAITLIST. No any other information about cause of  error. I am using javacl binding form google code a hrefhttpcode.google.compjavacl relnofollowhttpcode.google.compjavacla, AMD Accelerated Parallel Processing SDK 2.3 on Ubuntu linux 10.10, hardware AMD Radeon 5xxxHDp  pI havent opencl debugger on ubuntu for AMD APP SDK p  pIf I uncomment float4 valreadimagefsignal, sampler, float2xiX,yiY and comment  calculation of bicubic interpolation  float4 val... all work without any errorbut using bilinear interpolation. I think that this error because of invalid memory access or register memory overflow.p  precodeconst samplert sampler  CLKNORMALIZEDCOORDSFALSE  CLKFILTERLINEAR  CLKADDRESSCLAMPTOEDGE const float CATMULLROM[16]0.5F,1.5F,1.5F,0.5F,1.0F,2.5F,2.0F,0.5F,0.5F,0.0F,0.5F,0.0F,0.0F,1.0F,0.0F,0.0F kernel void bicubicUpscaleint scale,readonly image2dt signal, writeonly image2dt upscale   int x  getglobalid02, y  getglobalid12  float C[16] float T[16]   for int i  0 i lt 16 i      C[i]0.0F     T[i]0.0F   for int i  0 i lt 4 i     for int j  0 j lt 4 j         for int k  0 k lt 4 k                      T[4ij]  readimagefsignal, sampler, int2xk,yi.x  CATMULLROM[4jk]          for int i  0 i lt 4 i     for int j  0 j lt 4 j         for int k  0 k lt 4 k                      C[4ij]  CATMULLROM[4ik]  T[4kj]           for int i  0 i lt scale i      for int j  0 j lt scale j              float iXfloatjfloat scale         float iYfloatifloat scale         float4 valreadimagefsignal, sampler, float2xiX,yiY         float val iX  iX  iX  iY  iY  iY  C[0]  C[1]  C[2]  C[3]          iY  iY  iY  C[4]  C[5]  C[6]  C[7]          iY  iY  iY  C[8]  C[9]  C[10]  C[11]          iY  iY  iY  C[12]  C[13]  C[14]  C[15]         writeimagefupscale, int2xscalej, yscalei, val        codepre  hr  pI rewrite this program for using local memory, but it still not working correctlyp  precodeconst samplert sampler  CLKNORMALIZEDCOORDSFALSE  CLKFILTERLINEAR  CLKADDRESSCLAMPTOEDGE const float CATMULLROM[]0.5F,1.5F,1.5F,0.5F,1.0F,2.5F,2.0F,0.5F,0.5F,0.0F,0.5F,0.0F,0.0F,1.0F,0.0F,0.0F kernel void bicubicUpscalelocal float sharedBuffer,int scale,readonly image2dt signal, writeonly image2dt upscale  int x  getglobalid02, y  getglobalid12 int locXgetlocalid0  int offsetT  y2512x23216 int offsetC  y2512x232  global float CampsharedBuffer[offsetT] global float TampsharedBuffer[offsetT]  for int i  0 i lt 32 i     sharedBuffer[offsetC i]0.0F   for int i  0 i lt 4 i     for int j  0 j lt 4 j         for int k  0 k lt 4 k             T[4ij]  madreadimagefsignal, sampler, int2xk,yi.x,CATMULLROM[4jk],T[4ij]             T[ij]  readimagefsignal, sampler, int2xk,yi.x  CATMULLROM[4jk]          for int i  0 i lt 4 i     for int j  0 j lt 4 j         for int k  0 k lt 4 k             C[4ij]  madCATMULLROM[4ik],T[4kj],C[4ij]             sharedBuffer[offsetC 4ij]  CATMULLROM[4ik]  sharedBuffer[offsetT  4kj]            barrier CLKGLOBALMEMFENCE   for int i  0 i lt scale i     for int j  0 j lt scale j                      float iXfloatjfloat scale             float iYfloatifloat scale             float4 val iX  iX  iX  iY  iY  iY  C[0]  C[1]  C[2]  C[3]              iY  iY  iY  C[4]  C[5]  C[6]  C[7]              iY  iY  iY  C[8]  C[9]  C[10]  C[11]              iY  iY  iY  C[12]  C[13]  C[14]  C[15]             writeimagefupscale, int2xscalej, yscalei, val           codepre  pDo you know any decision for this problem.p  pa hrefhttpsdocs.google.comleafid0BsJf8pL3qNDE3ZjliNGEtZDY5NS00MzI1LWI2NzAtNGQ3ZDNlYzIxZWMyamphlen relnofollowJava sources  maven2 builda. Use command mvn clean compile execjava to compile and run demo.p  pRegards,     Igorp
Negative 110 pI am running SQL Server 2005 on Windows Server 2003 machine.p  pI have a requirement to accumulate small text files into a bigger one.p  pSo I usep  precodeexec xpcmdshell sql codepre  pwhere sqlp  precodecopy bsourcePathsourceFile destinationPathNewFileName codepre  pBoth the source and destination paths are on a separate server.p  pSeldom this process fails and I dont find anything else in the event or SQL Server logs.p  pThe Surface Area Config for xpcmdshell is also enabled.p  pPlease help.....p
Negative 110 pI use JQuery library and some customised JavaScripts in my web app. I combined and compress them into one JavaScript file and located it at the strongend of bodystrong as static script, which normally can get the best performance, agreep  precodeltscript src..jsDefault.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt codepre  pMoreover, there are some .net ajax controls e.g.codeltajaxcalendarExtendergtcode applied in some pages. Some articles, a hrefhttpamblog.noip.orgBlogEnginepost20100412IncreaseAJAXPerformancebycombiningScriptsusingScriptmanagerCompositeScripts.aspx relnofollowhttpamblog.noip.orgBlogEnginepost20100412IncreaseAJAXPerformancebycombiningScriptsusingScriptmanagerCompositeScripts.aspxa suggest using codeltaspCompositeScriptgtcode to composite default asp.net JavaScripts which are required by those controls e.g.codeltajaxcalendarExtendergtcodep  pSince my web app only have one strongScriptManagerstrong which is located in the MasterPage at the strongbeginning of the Formstrong. What is the best way to composite and compress those .net JS to make the use similar as my static script Since those ajax controls are not applied in every page, should I still composite all JavasSripts in Master Page guess referenceproxy in each child page wont helpp  pRegards,p
Negative 110 pThis is my first post, so please bear with me. I have a file that looks something like thisp  precodelttable namecontentanalyzer primarykeyidgt   lttypeglobal gt lttablegt lttable namecontentanalyzer2 primarykeyidgt   lttypeglobal gt lttablegt lttable namecontentanalyzeritems primarykeyidgt   lttypeglobal gt lttablegt codepre  pI need to extract anything within the quotes that follow name, i.e., contentanalyzer , contentanalyzer2 and contentanalyzeritems.p  pI am doing this on a Linux box, so a solution using sed, perl, grep or bash is fine.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pHow to correctly save a file with a cyrillic namep  pNow the file name looks like this   feat. Indigo  You And Me Only. Correct name is   feat. Indigo  You And Me Only.p  pI get the file from HTTPp  precodeagent  Mechanize.new agent.geturl.saveasmp3dirtitle.mp3 codepre
Negative 110 pBefore I used struts.xml for configuration my struts2application. But new my application I need to implement using annotations.  For my action class I used such annotationp  precodeNamespacepublic InterceptorRefsvalue   InterceptorRefvalue  authInterceptor, InterceptorRefvalue  defaultStack  ResultPathvalue   Resultname  error, location  testerror.jsp codepre  pIn struts.xml I set name for the interceptor class and then used it in interceptorstack. So I see that for my Action class I can set the name of interceptor value  authInterceptor, but where I can set this name for my interceptor class Or using annotations cannt implement configuration of interceptors p
Negative 110 pWhen writing C programs that need to share a file scope variable between the application and an interrupt routinea threada callback routine, it is wellknown that the variable must be declared volatile, or else the compiler may do incorrect optimizations. This is an example of what I meanp  precodeint flag  void someinterrupt void    flag  1     int main    flag  0   ...     lt interrupt occurs here     x  flag  BUG the compiler doesnt realize that flag was changed                      and sets x to 0 even though flag1    codepre  pTo prevent the above bug, flag should have been declared as volatile.p  pMy question is how does this apply to C when creating a class containing a threadp  pI have a class looking something like thisp  precodeclass Mythread    private     int flag      static void threadfunc void somearg  thread callback function            Mythread thisptr Mythreadsomearg        codepre  psomearg will contain a pointer to an instance of the class, so that each object of Mythread has its own thread. Through this pointer it will access member variables.p  pDoes this mean that thisptr must be declared as pointertovolatile data Must flag be volatile as well And if so, must I make all member functions that modify flag volatilep  pIm not interested in how a particular OS or compiler behaves, I am looking for a generic, completely portable solution.p  pstrongEDIT This question has nothing to do with threadsafety whatsoeverstrongp  pThe real code will have semaphores etc.p  pTo clarify, I wish to avoid bugs caused by the compilers unawareness of that a callback function may be called from sources outside the program itself, and therefore make incorrect conclusions about whether certain variables have been used or not. I know how to do this in C, as illustrated with the first example, but not in C.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to verify this statement from Wikipedia a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiCyclicredundancycheck relnofollowhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiCyclicredundancycheckap  blockquote   pSometimes an implementation appends emnem 0bits emnem being the size of the CRC to the bitstream to be checked before the polynomial division occurs. This has the convenience that the remainder of the original bitstream with the check value appended is exactly zero, so the CRC can be checked simply by performing the polynomial division on the received bitstream and comparing the remainder with zero.p blockquote  pI used a online CRC32 calculator from a hrefhttpwww.lammertbies.nlcomminfocrccalculation.html relnofollowhttpwww.lammertbies.nlcomminfocrccalculation.htmlap  ol liThe original message is test or 0x74657374, its CRC32 is 0xD87F7E0C.li liThen add 4 zero bytes so the message is 0x7465737400000000, its CRC32 is 0x15521A21.li liThen replace the zeros with CRC32 from step2, the message is 0x7465737415521A21.li liCRC32 of 0x7465737415521A21 is 0xE1E9ADD7, shouldnt it be 0 hereli ol  pCan anyone point me to what went wrongp
Negative 110 pIve got this codeRewriteRulecode to work.p  precodeRewriteBase mypath RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d RewriteRule . mypathindex.php [L] codepre  pSo URLs with a trailing slash work. codehttplocalhostmypathfoobarcodebr The problem is that URLs without the trailing slash will break relative links. Plus it dosent look good.p  pThis reaches the maximum number of internal redirects.p  precodeRewriteRule mypath.[] 1 [R] RewriteRule . mypathindex.php [L] codepre  pAnd this will do... codehttplocalhostmypathindex.phpbarcodep  precodeRewriteRule . mypathindex.php RewriteRule mypath.[] 1 [R,L] codepre  pAny Ideas or solutionsp
Negative 110 pI have a piece of code that defines a function that takes a function as an argument, like sop  precodedef stuffn, f   fn codepre  pNow, I want to provide some default value of f that does nothing. So I figured Id use pass, like sop  precodedef stuffn, f  None   iff is None     f  pass   fn codepre  pBut this does not compile. How should I be doing thisp
Negative 110 pSay I have a datatable with a number of columns.p  pI want to group the date column and for each date, I want to work out the average value of the result column.p  pI have the following code which is not working as expectedp  precodevar results  from res in dt.AsEnumerable                       group res by res.Fieldltstringgtoperationtime                           into grp                           orderby grp.Key                           select new                                                          date  grp.Key,                               sum  grp.Averager gt r.Fieldltdoublegtresult                            codepre  pCould somebody advise how I can do this.p  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pI like the idea of using RelativeLayout as an alternative to many LinearLayouts, but it seems to fall short in a couple of areas.p  ol liIts behavior for child views that have codevisibilitygonecode is atrocious.  It seems like the natural behavior for gone views would be to treat them as if they had width and height of 0, but instead it removes them as anchors and any other views that are laid out relative to the gone views get put in unpredictables places.  Yes, its possible to use layoutalignWithParentIfMissing to work around some of these issues, but thats not really the same thing, is itli liIt doesnt support the codelayoutweightcode option that I find so useful in LinearLayout.li ol  pAre there any good alternatives to RelativeLayout out in the wild that solve these or similar problemsp
Negative 110 pI would like my iPhone app to get and post data via a websockets web service. Is this possible on the iOS SDK Do you recommend a server web app APIp
Negative 110 pI am working on a custom email notification for a WSS 3.0 solution.  I am using a custom class inheriting from IAlertNotifyHandler to generate the email. There is a great example a hrefhttpblogs.msdn.combsharepointdeveloperdocsarchive20071214howtocustomizingalertemailsusingialertnotificationhandler.aspx relnofollowherea that shows how this is done for an Immediate alert.  Here is some of the code related to the SPAlertHandlerParams, which is used to get information about the alert and the item that triggered the alert.  p  precodeSPAlertHandlerParams ahp  int id  ahp.eventData[0].itemId  gets the itemId of the item triggering the notification.    SPListItem myItem  list.GetItembyIdid codepre  pFor immediate alerts, this works great as the item I want is always at the [0] position of the eventData object.  For a digest event, I thought I could just loop through all of the items in the ahp.eventData.  Two problems with this.p  pFirst, it gives me all of the events where it is sending notifications, not just the ones for me.  Second the eventData[0].itemId no longer points to a valid id on the list.  It is 67 digit number instead of a 3 digit number.p  pDoes anyone know the correct way to get to the alert information for digest emails Please let me know if you have any additional questions about this.p  pThanks for your helpp
Negative 110 pIs there an easy way to fake an unknown size multidimension array using a flat one I have an application where 90 of the uses of the array would be easierquicker without using recursion, and a single requirement that needs to add some depth to the array. The only way I can think of it would be keeping a running list of start indexes and end indexes, where the 1D array would look like thisp  precode[0]  1 [1]  2 [2]  3 [3]  4 [4]  5 codepre  p...and the startend lists would look like thisp  precodeStart      End        [0]  1    [0]  2 [1]  3    [1]  4 codepre  pWhich would represent a multidimension array that looks like thisp  precode[0]  1 [1]  [0]  2       [1]  3 [2]  [0]  4       [1]  5 codepre  pThis would work with more than 2 dimensions, but at that point Im having trouble figuring out how to determine which depth I was at given an index in the original 1D array and the startend lists. Im also having a hard time figuring out what search terms to use to look for this type of thing. Any general guidanceideas would be appreciated. Thanks.p  pEdit  To give some context, this is for supporting nested transactions in a command pattern implementation. The 1D array contains commands, and the artificial depths are only there to give names to each transaction. Since the transactions will be used sparingly, it seems apparent that quickly going through a small list of ints would be faster than recursively going through a multidimensional array of commands, and checking at each index whether or not there was a single command or an array of commands within.p
Negative 110 pHow can I stop Rails to change my code when validation isnt passed.p  pEvery time rails wraps my field with p  precodeltdiv classfieldwitherrorgt...ltdivgt codepre  pI can edit codefieldswitherrorcode classp  precode.fieldswitherror display inline  codepre  pwhich works, but it is hackyp
Negative 110 pI realize a lot of questions like what cms should I use  what is the best have been asked, but Im looking for integrating cmsfunctionality in an already functioning website. p  pThis website travelrelated pricecomparison website is built in java with Tapestry 5 as its webframework. It makes extensive use of Lucene  Solr. p  pIm looking for a way to be able to author additional contentrich pages, which combines content to be authored in a CMSenvironment while other content is highly dynamic and results from for example Solr  Lucene or Domain Object fetched through Hibernate. p  pFor now I used mysql and excel as a really crude way for a CMS.  Have Excelfiles following a specific format and import the content in mysql. The website than queries mysql for the content. p  pObviously, this can be approved.  I guess Im looking for guidance at what level the integration with an existing CMS should be done. p  poptions p  p1 Loosely coupled   PREFERRED FOR NOW   Use a CMS based on a contentrepository which follows the JSR170 specs.  Magnolia, as well as some others come to mind here.br  Simply author pages  pagesnippets in Magnolia which are stored in the content repository.   Have a periodic program query the contentrepository, extract the data and populate MYSQL like before. p  ppros   website works like before, without changesp  pcons  no way to edit pages inplace. p  p2 Have a CMS that is customizable in such a way, that I can bring the solr  lucene functionality into the CMS. p  ppro  in place editing  better editing workflow  editing is kept in one place, etc. p  pcons   needs customization to existing CMS, and probably lots of it. But may be worth the time for us on the long run.  p  p3 Something in between like begin able to incorporate the inplaceeditor part of a cms into our website, and saving to our existing backend  suggestions welcome. p  pI bet Im not the only one having such a usecase on a high level, and am wondering what others have done  would suggest. p  pIn particular what Java CMS do you know of that are customizable to the extent as described above. For some reason Im liking Magnolia far better than the others Ive tested briefly Alfresco, Hippo p  pAny help appreciated. p  pThanks, GeertJan p
Negative 110 pI am using a Rails app as an JSON API service. There is one field that can either hold one or two strings. Below is how Im creating this JSON element in the .xml.builder file, getting the information from a flattened hashp  precodeif hash[advertisements]     hash[advertisements].each do ad         xml.advertisementsad     end end codepre  pWhen there are two strings in the hash, the resulting JSON is an arrayp  precodeadvertisements [     ad1.png,     ad2.png ] codepre  pBut when there is only one string, the element is simply a stringp  precodeadvertisements ad1.png codepre  pIs there a way I can force the XML builder to make a JSON array, even if there is only one string in the hash Also note that if there are no advertisements in the original hash, there should be no json array rendered.p
Negative 110 pI made a test partial page named strongTest.cshtmlstrong and put it in the same directory as my view that will be calling it, here it isp  precodeltdivgthiltdivgt codepre  pAnd in the calling cshtml view, I simply putp  precodeHtml.RenderPartialTest codepre  pWhich gives me the errorp  blockquote   pCS1502 The best overloaded method   match for   System.Web.WebPages.WebPageExecutingBase.WriteSystem.Web.WebPages.HelperResult   has some invalid argumentsp blockquote  pI have also tried the full path with the same result.  I am very confused as to why this is acting this way, I assume I am missing something simple...  Thank you for looking.p
Negative 110 phow can i programmatically showhide this opaque view from strongUISearchDisplayControllerstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcK0xP.png altenter image description herep  pProbably in codesearchDisplayControllerWillBeginSearchcode or codesearchDisplayControllerDidBeginSearchcode i need to set something... but whatp  pthanks.p
Negative 110 pIm writing a Outlook 2007 add in which works in Outlook 2007 AND 2010one build is supposed to work for both versions  everything works perfect right now except for one thingp  pOutlook 2007 doesnt have a ribbon in the main Outlook Explorer window, but Outlook 2010 does.p  pIf I create a new Ribbon Visual Designer I cant choose Microsoft.Outlook.Explorer as my RibbonType fr the Ribbon, so is there any way I can add a ribbon to the Outlook Explorer window in Outlook 2010 from a Outlook 2007add inp
Negative 110 pI have three classes School, Account, and Administratorship.p  pstrongSchoolstrongp  phasmany administatorshipsp  phasmany administrators, through  administratorshipsp  pstrongAccountstrongp  phasmany administratorshipsp  pstrongAdministratorshipstrongp  precodebelongsto account belongsto school  beforedestroy confirmpresenceofalternateadministratorshipinschool  protected  def confirmpresenceofalternateadministratorshipinschool     unless school.administrators.count[administratorships.accountid  id] gt 0         errors.addtobase The school must have at least one administrator     end end codepre  pNow, what I would like to happen is when I call codedestroycode on an instance of Administratorship, for it to add an error to the model and prevent the destruction of the model. I have removed the unless statement to see if that was preventing the error from being added, it wasnt the case. It seems that having errors on the model does not prevent the destroy from occuring.p  pSo my question is, is there any way I can prevent the destroy from occurring using validations  I realize I could define a method that destroys only if the above condition is met, but it seems that a validation approach is a more elegant solution.p
Negative 110 pHow do I increase percentage in SQL query  stored procedure[closed] been answeredp
Negative 110 pI have a nonstraight line defined by a series of x, y coordinate points.  I could draw a straight line onscreen directly between these points with no problem.  Unfortunately, I have to draw the line in segments of equal length.  p  pHere is an example of how I need to break up a nonstraight line with 3 points into an array of several equidistant points.  ignore the final red dot, it is the result when a line does not divide evenly and is also the terminusp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtNQ70.png altHere is an example of how I need to break up a nonstraight line with 3 points into an array of several equidistant pointsp  pPlease notice the red line at the joint.  Consider that I have a line ABC with the vectors AB and BC forming some angle.  Basically, the line bends at point B.p  pSegmenting a line between point A and B is no problem up to a point.  But when AB does not divide evenly by the segment length, I need to do something special.  I need to take that remaining length and consider it as one side of a triangle.  The constant segment length is another side of a triangle that connects with the BC segment the red line above.  I need to know the length from point B to this intersection.  With this information, I can continue calculating line segments on BC.p  pa hrefhttpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons449Trianglewithnotations2.svg relnofollowHere is the triangle I am trying to solvea hereafter I will refer to the variables as they appear on this picture So far I have broken down the problem to using the law of cosines.  csup2sup  asup2sup  bsup2sup  2ab  Cosemyem p  pThe problem is that I already know c, it is the segment length.  I need to solve for a I can calculate y.p  pIve gotten as far as writing a polynomial equation, but now I am stuck asup2sup  bsup2sup  2ab  Cosemyem  csup2sup  0p  por Axsup2sup  Bx  C A  1, B  2b  Cosemyem, C  bsup2sup  csup2sup, x  ap  pIs this even the right approach  What do I do next  I need to implement this in Actionscript.p  pEDIT Duh, I would have to use the quadratic formula.  So I now getp  pa  b  Cosemyem  SqrRootcsup2sup  bsup2sup  Sinemyemsup2supp  pNow how to put this into code...p
Negative 110 pI have a string which sometimes gives character value and sometimes gives integer value. I want to get the count of number of digits in that string.p  pFor example, if string contains 2485083572085748 then total number of digits is 16.p  pPlease help me with this.p
Negative 110 pDoes Android Market support localized icons for applications I could not find it on market profile.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to migrate a Rails 2.3.5 app to Rails 2.3.11. Sending a request to a passenger server with apache module in production environment I get the following errorp  precode  invalid byte sequence in USASCII   In appviewslayoutsusuariossessions.html.erb  ltinternalpreludegt8in synchronize homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerrackrequesthandler.rb96in processrequest homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerabstractrequesthandler.rb513in acceptandprocessnextrequest homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerabstractrequesthandler.rb274in mainloop homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerclassicrailsapplicationspawner.rb321in startrequesthandler homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerclassicrailsapplicationspawner.rb275in block in handlespawnapplication homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerutils.rb479in safefork homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerclassicrailsapplicationspawner.rb270in handlespawnapplication homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerabstractserver.rb357in servermainloop homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerabstractserver.rb206in startsynchronously homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerabstractserver.rb180in start homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerclassicrailsapplicationspawner.rb149in start homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerspawnmanager.rb219in block 2 levels in spawnrailsapplication homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerabstractservercollection.rb132in lookuporadd homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerspawnmanager.rb214in block in spawnrailsapplication homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerabstractservercollection.rb82in block in synchronize ltinternalpreludegt8in synchronize homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerabstractservercollection.rb79in synchronize homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerspawnmanager.rb213in spawnrailsapplication homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerspawnmanager.rb132in spawnapplication homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerspawnmanager.rb275in handlespawnapplication homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerabstractserver.rb357in servermainloop homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6libphusionpassengerabstractserver.rb206in startsynchronously homedev.rvmgemsruby1.9.1p378rails235gemspassenger3.0.6helperscriptspassengerspawnserver99in ltmaingt codepre  pStarting the app in development mode works and starting it with passenger standalone in production environment also works.  With Rails 2.3.5 everything was OK. I dont know how to debug this problem... Any help is much appreciatedp
Negative 110 pI am writing a C app that would call the codeisql.execode with appropriate arguments.p  pThe interface that I need to conform top  precode    public void Backupstring serverName, string databaseName, string userName, string password, string backupDestinationPath      public void Restorestring serverName, string databaseName, string userName, string password, string restoreSourcePath codepre  pI have already implemented this for MSFT SQL Server 2008. They have great documentation, such as a hrefhttptechnet.microsoft.comenuslibraryms186865.aspx relnofollowhttptechnet.microsoft.comenuslibraryms186865.aspxap  pI came up with ways to do it for SQL Serverp  precodeBACKUP DATABASE MYDB TO DISK  CTempMYDB.bak WITH INIT, SKIP, NOFORMAT, NOUNLOAD,  CHECKSUM, STOPONERROR, NAME  MYDB.bak, DESCRIPTION  Backup of MYDB.  RESTORE DATABASE MYDB FROM DISK  CTempMYDB.bak WITH REPLACE, RECOVERY codepre  pAnd call it like so Windows batch file syntaxp  precodesqlcmd E S SERVERNAME U USER P PASSWORD d master Q SQLBACKUPCMD codepre  pI have not been able to find much online about how to do this for SyBase.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI can now do this from the command line. First I create a file named sybbak.sql containingp  precodedump database mydb to DTempmydb.bak go exit codepre  pThen I call it on the command line in one of two waysp  precodeisql.exe S serverAlias U user P password i sybbak.sql isql.exe S serverAlias U user P password lt sybbak.sql codepre  pOptionally I can use the codeocode flag or an output redirect codegtcode to grab the output.p  pEverything works great, except that, to my surprise, the backup file is being dumped on the server side and not client.p
Negative 110 pI want to make a screen that captures and records the camera, but in the meantime adds a watermark to the video recorded, whatever this watermark is .. text or image .. I just wanna have a way to edit the captured video in realtime. Im working on J2ME for Nokia. Also if not possible for Nokia, is it possible on Android or Blackberry .. p
Negative 110 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2412947dohtml5customdataattributesworkinie6Do HTML5 custom data attributes work in IE 6a  p blockquote    pIs it safe to use HTML data attributes.p  pFor example if a user uses IE6 as browser, will I still be able to use the attribute and retrieve it using javascriptp
Negative 110 pIm creating a COM server executable, and have run into a problem with class registration. When I created my class object, the automatically generated .rgs file looked like thisp  precodeHKCR      NoRemove CLSID              ForceRemove 4C6DAD4564B44C5581C64CE125226421  s Test Class                      ForceRemove Programmable             LocalServer32  s MODULE                              val ServerExecutable  s MODULERAW                          TypeLib  s EAA173CABDBC463A8B7AB010EFA467BC             Version  s 1.0                codepre  pThis created the registry entries correctly for the CLSID. However, when attempting to call CoCreateInstance externally, I was experiencing a hang.p  precodehr  CoCreateInstance uuidofTest, NULL, CLSCTXALL, uuidofITest, voidamppTest codepre  pAfter looking at a few other projects for examples, I noticed that they all had registry entries of the typep  precodeHKEYCLASSESROOTltMODULEgt.ltCLASSgt HKEYCLASSESROOTltMODULEgt.ltCLASSgtCLSID codepre  pI investigated the .rgs files for these classes, and noticed they had extra entries not present in my .rgs file. I added them to mine, changing it top  precodeHKCR      TestModule.Test  s Test Class              CLSID  s 4C6DAD4564B44C5581C64CE125226421           NoRemove CLSID              ForceRemove 4C6DAD4564B44C5581C64CE125226421  s Test Class                      ForceRemove Programmable             LocalServer32  s MODULE                              val ServerExecutable  s MODULERAW                          TypeLib  s EAA173CABDBC463A8B7AB010EFA467BC             Version  s 1.0                codepre  pAnd lo and behold, my CoCreateInstance call no longer hung, and I was able to properly retrieve a pointer to an ITest interface.p  pNow, my question is, with the above particulars in mind, how can I ensure that any future classes I create have this correct .rgs file format Is there some option Im missing when creating the class objects Or will I need to manually add the above for every class I createp  pIm using Visual Studio 2010.p
Negative 110 pIve been working on an application that use API to get events from the Windows event log.  Im stuck on pointer offsets at the moment.  The specific struct Im using is EVENTLOGRECORD see a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryaa363646vvs.85.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryaa363646vvs.85.aspxa.  My C struct is defined asp  precode[StructLayoutLayoutKind.Sequential, CharSet  CharSet.Auto, Pack  1] internal struct EVENTLOGRECORD      internal UInt32 Length     internal UInt32 Reserved     internal UInt32 RecordNumber     internal UInt32 TimeGenerated     internal UInt32 TimeWritten     internal UInt32 EventID     internal UInt16 EventType     internal UInt16 NumStrings     internal UInt16 EventCategory     internal UInt16 ReservedFlags     internal UInt32 ClosingRecordNumber     internal UInt32 StringOffset     internal UInt32 UserSidLength     internal UInt32 UserSidOffset     internal UInt32 DataLength     internal UInt32 DataOffset  codepre  pMy ReadEventLog function is declared asp  precode[DllImportadvapi32.dll, SetLastError  true, CharSet  CharSet.Auto, EntryPoint  ReadEventLog] internal static extern Boolean ReadEventLogIntPtr hEventLog, EVTREADFLAGS dwReadFlags, UInt32 dwRecordOffset, IntPtr lpBuffer, UInt32 nNumberOfBytesToRead, out UInt32 pnBytesRead, out UInt32 pnMinNumberOfBytesNeeded codepre  pIm able to get the struct filled with data and I can get to SourceName and ComputerName sections by using IntPtr.Add.  Examplep  precodeIntPtr pSrc  IntPtr.AddpRecord, Marshal.SizeOftypeofEVENTLOGRECORD string sSrc  Marshal.PtrToStringAutopSrc Console.WriteLinesource 0n, sSrc  IntPtr pComp  IntPtr.AddpSrc, sSrc.Length  2  2 string sComp  Marshal.PtrToStringAutopComp Console.WriteLinecomputer 0n, sComp codepre  pMy issue is trying to get the Strings portion from the struct.  I cant seem to figure out what the correct offsets will be.  I can do it in C, but I cant seem to make it work in C.  Heres a snippet of what I use in C elr is EVENTLOGRECORDpRecordp  precodechar strings  LPSTRLPBYTE elr  elrgtStringOffset while elrgtNumStrings      wprintfLString sn, strings     strings  wcslenwchartstrings  sizeofwchart  sizeofwchart     elrgtNumStrings  codepre  pHopefully someone can help explain what Im missing.  Id also be curious if there are any alternatives to IntPtr.Add since that require .NET 4.0.  Im not an expert with pinvoke by any means.  Thanks.p
Negative 110 pI have an application that shows a presentModalViewController upon launch.p  precode BOOLapplicationUIApplication application didFinishLaunchingWithOptionsNSDictionary launchOptions            Override point for customization after application launch.       Add the tab bar controllers view to the window and display.     [self.window addSubviewtabBarController.view]     Overview overviewViewController  [[Overview alloc] initWithNibNameOverview bundlenil]     [self.tabBarController presentModalViewControlleroverviewViewController animatedYES]     [overviewViewController release]     [self.window makeKeyAndVisible]     return YES  codepre  pOnce the overviewController is shown, the user gets to log in or register. If they select login, then I am using another presentModalViewController that lets them log inp  precode  IBAction btnLoginPressed    [self dismissModalViewControllerAnimatedYES]     Login loginOverView  [[Login alloc] initWithNibNameLogin bundlenil]     [self presentModalViewControllerloginOverView animatedYES]     [loginOverView release]    codepre  pHowever on a successful login, I want both the presentModalViewController to disappear allowing me to get back to the root controller which is a tab bar controller. p  pI have tried to do the following but it does not workp  precodeIBAction btnSubmitLoginPassword      make web service call   [self dismissModalViewControllerAnimatedYES]     [self.tabBarController dismissModalViewControllerAnimatedYES]  codepre  pNow in my Googling, I have come across the concept of delegates which I am not familiar with. Can someone take the time to help me in my dilemma.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 110 pI have the codep  precode Get message var PostTxt  cid367, .commenttxt.html PostTxt  .trimPostTxt codepre  pIts trying to retrieve the comment from this structurep  precodeltdiv idcid367 classcommentwrappergt       ltdiv classcommenthead chhighlightgt                 ltdiv classcommentdategt                 ltabbr classtimeago title20110425T151552.4070000gt25 April 2011 at 151552ltabbrgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classcommentauthorgt                 Written by lta idA1 titleVisit this game makers profile href......usersTomgtTomltagt             ltdivgt       ltdivgt          lttable classcommentbody width100gt             lttrgt                 lttd width100 valigntop aligncentergt                     lta idA2 titleTom makes games with Construct 2 href......usersTomgtltimg idImg1 titleTomamp39s Gravatar classcommentavatar srchttpwww.gravatar.comavatar5271d3283db957ef3a86761ed15c1696rpgampamps80 gtltagt             lttdgt                 lttd valigntopgt                     ltdiv idModBox classcommentmodbox stylemarginleft105pxgt                       lta idCommentReportPost titleReport this post classs commentreportgtltagt                     lta idCommentDeletePost titleDelete this post classs commentdelete onclickDeleteCommentamp39367amp39return false hrefJavaScriptvoid0gtltagt                         lta idCommentEditPost titleEdit this post classs commentedit onclickEditCommentamp39367amp39return false hrefJavaScriptvoid0gtltagt                         lta idCommentQuotePost titleQuote this post classs commentquote hrefJavaScriptvoid0gtltagt                   ltdivgt                     ltdiv classcommenttxtgt                         My comment text to get                     ltdivgt                 lttdgt             lttrgt         lttablegt         ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre  pBut it keeps returning null.  Can anyone show me how this is donep
Negative 110 phow can i perform animation on my moving object.... and how can i control collisions when some of objects are allowed to collide and some not...i,m beginner to corona and coding as well ...i look all the examples i know there r answers of my questions but i cant understand that properly...so any one help mep
Negative 110 pId like to give a params argument to a function and then attach it so that I can use a instead of paramsa everytime I refer to the list element a.p  precoderun.simulationltfunctionmodel,params attachparams   Use elements of params as parameters in a simulation detachparams  codepre  pIs there a problem with this If I have defined  a global variable named c and have also defined an element named c of  the list params , whose value would be used after the attach commandp
Negative 110 pI want to know the abbreviations for the TIME ZONES that are available in the Windows OS....i.e i need abbreviations for the time zones that are listed in the windows DATE AND TIME PROPERTIESp  pCan anybody provide some link where i can get the abbreviations for the time zones.p
Negative 110 pI want to search a string which including a single quote by using SQL WHERE clause. For example, I want to search Toms house and the SQL clause should be location  Toms house. Can anybody help me to format the SQL clausep
Negative 110 phello  i am new to oracle db , how can i simply ask for the max date     p  precodeFUNCTION getmaxdaterec   ivaluedate                  IN  vat.valuedateTYPE  apputilitiesq.serversysdate  RETURN vat.recidTYPE IS   vdate vat.valuedateTYPE  BEGIN    SELECT  MAXv.valuedatecompiler err   INTO    vdate   FROM    vat v    WHERE v.valuedate lt ivaluedate     RETURN getrecbydatevdate.recidcompiler err   END getmaxdaterec codepre  pstrongEDITstrong this is the err created by the compiler Error76,7 PLSQL SQL Statement ignored Error81,7 PLSQL ORA00933 SQL command not properly endedp  pI want to return recid as writen above...p
Negative 110 pI have Created Mobile Application Using Visual Studio 2010  C. There i have created one button Programmatically  and Add that button into  Contentpanel .While running my app i got Button display successfully. But it has Following issue  that Button Always Display Center of the Content panel even i have metion the thickness as0,0,80,80 p  pI have tried to add that button into Layoutroot   , Button Display better in Y postion  But X position  center of the Layoutroot   p  pHere i have enclosed my code for ur reference p  precode    Button nw  new Button                            nw.Margin  new Thickness0, 0, 80, 150          ContentPanel.Children.Addnw codepre
Negative 110 pI want to show stars instead of password when I select password from database.p  precode txtPassword.text  usr.MPassword codepre  pBut after page load, password text box being empty however its textmode is password. And also when I write something in it, the stars shown. Do you have any idea about thisp  pKR,p  panp
Negative 110 pI need a way to dynamically change the name of a font, and I cannot find a way to do so in .net. I am not concerned about the font file type, so otf, fon, ttf are all open. p  pThings Ive triedp  ol liUsing dsofile.dll  OleDocument Properties Reader. These are not the same properties used by whatever accesses the name of fonts.li liChanging the name directly in the registry. li ol  pIve read that .fon files are just dlls in disguise,   a hrefhttpwww.gadgetparadise.com901301index.htm relnofollowhttpwww.gadgetparadise.com901301index.htma as one example, so perhaps that is a way to get to itp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pWith the API version 3, How to change the size of an icon created with MarkerImage according to the zoom factor of the map  I suppose I must use scaledSize and map.getZoom p
Negative 110 pIve sucessfully compiled jNetPcap as a shared library for Android. I have made a simple application using this code a hrefhttpjnetpcap.comexamplesclassic relnofollowhttpjnetpcap.comexamplesclassica to test the API.p  pThe problem is that when I call the method findAllDevs and exception is raised with this message Cant read list of devices, error issocket Permission deniedp  pI cannot understand the reason, since I have made a call in the first part of my program so as to get root permissions for my application and I test my application to a rooted phone. When I run the application, a pop up is raised with this messageSnifferApp has been granted Superuser permissions and then the exception occurs.p  pAny ideasp  pHere is a piece of my codep  precodeProcess p  Runtime.getRuntime.execsu try      Thread.sleep10000  catch InterruptedException e1       TODO Autogenerated catch block     e1.printStackTrace   do nothing for 1000 miliseconds 1 second  try          System.loadLibraryJNETPCAPLIBRARYNAME  catch UnsatisfiedLinkError e      System.out.printlnNative code library failed to load.n  e       First get a list of devices on this system     int r  Pcap.findAllDevsalldevs, errbuf  r  Pcap.findAllDevsalldevs, errbuf  if r  Pcap.NOTOK  alldevs.isEmpty       tv.appendCant read list of devices, error is  errbuf      .toString     setContentViewtv     return    codepre
Negative 110 pI am using ModalBox a hrefhttpokonet.ruprojectsmodalboxindex.html relnofollowhttpokonet.ruprojectsmodalboxindex.htmla on my website.  It is set up and works fine, but I would like to make it open on page load in certain circumstances.  In particular, I would like to have it open with a message when users log out.  Right now when users log out, it goes to my homepage with a message in the page I do this by loading codeindex.phploggedouttruecode when users log out and have the text show when the variable is true.  Using this method having codeloggedouttruecode but loading with a ModalBox open instead of just text in the page body.  Alternatively, if it could detect what page it came from without the variable and open then, that would be nice too.p  ptldr How can I have a ModalBox open automatically on page load.p  pEdit I tried putting p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt ifwindow.location.search.indexOfloggedouttrue  1  Modalbox.showdataloggedout,width 576, title Logged Out return false  ltscriptgt codepre  pOn my page, but that didnt work.p
Negative 110 pHey all, I basically need to add a class to every codeltoptiongtcode in a select. There is a different class to apply depending on the codevaluecode of each option.p  pI need an easy way of doing something likep  precodeselect option.eachfunction         ifthis.valArgentina  this.addClassar          ifthis.valBrazil  this.addClassbr          ifthis.valCzech  this.addClasscz     codepre  pI have a very long list of countries, so using an array of some sort would be preferable, and then let the function filter in the codeif value code and the codeclass namecode.p  pMany thanksp  pTimp
Negative 110 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6079551csearchperformanceC Search Performancea  p blockquote    pWhat I have is two text files. One contains a list of roughly 70,000 names 1.5MB. The other contains text which will be obtained from miscellaneous sources. That is, this files contents will change each time the program is executed 0.5MB. Essentially, I want to be able to paste some text into a text file and see which names my list are found. Kind of like the find function CTR  F but with 70,000 keywords.p  pIn any case, what I have thus far isp  precode int main     ifstream namesfilenames.txt   names list  ifstream miscfilemisc.txt     misc text  vectorltstringgt vecnames           vector to hold names  vectorltstringgt vecmisc            vector to hold misc text  sizet found   string s  string t   while getlinenamesfile,s             vecnames.pushbacks     while getlinemiscfile,t              vecmisc.pushbackt   outer loop iterates through names list  for vectorltstringgtsizetype i  0 i  vecnames.size i       inner loop iterates through the lines of the mist text file      for vectorltstringgtsizetype j  0j  vecmisc.size j           foundvecmisc[j].findvecnames[i]          if foundstringnpos               cout ltlt vecnames[i] ltlt endl              break                     cout ltlt SEARCH COMPLETE   to keep console application from exiting  getchar   return 0   codepre  pNow this works great as far as extracting the data I need, however, it is terribly slow and obviously inefficient since each name requires that I potentially search the entire file again which gives 75000 x  of lines in misc text file iterations. If anyone could help, I would certainly appreciate it. Some sample code is most welcomed. Additionally, Im using Dev C if that makes any difference.  p  pIt has been suggested that I implement a hash set on my data, however, I have no idea how to go about this. If anyone understands how I could apply this method Id appreciate a start in the right direction. Sincere thanks.p
Negative 110 pI am working on a class that is going to contain objects with a time stamp and multiple measurements. These measurements are usually taken from 0800 and until 1600 every weekday, but needs to be flexible. Now, what I want is to be able to do is specify a timeinterval, lets say 1 hour, and get the average. Something like myArrayList.getAvrageHeight, and have this return the the average height from all the measurements of the last hour. I plan on keeping only the needed entries in my list, and remove those that are timed out.p  pDoing this within the same day is quite straightforward. But I would like, that when I call this method at 08.15 on Tuesday morning, myArrayList will contain 45minutes worth of data from Monday, and 15 Minutes worth of data from Tuesday.p  pOne of my biggest constrains is that the measurements come in at arbitrary intervals, anything from 1 minute, and down to multiple times per second.p  pSo far I got this for computing the averages every time a measurement is addedp  precodeprotected void computeAvrages       averageWeight  0     averageSpeed  0     averageHeight  0      for int i  0 i lt super.size i          averageWeight  super.geti.getWeight         averageSpeed  super.geti.getSpeed         averageHeight  super.geti.getHeight           averageWeight  averageWeightsuper.size     averageSpeed  averageSpeedsuper.size     averageHeight  averageHeightsuper.size   codepre  pMy objects, look like thisp  precodepublic class Car       double weight     double speed     double height      int timeStamp      public Carint timeStamp, double weight, double speed, double height      this.timeStamp  timeStamp     this.weight  weight     this.speed  speed     this.height  height            public double getWeight          return weight           public double getSpeed          return speed           public double getHeight          return height           public double getTimeStamp          return timeStamp       codepre  pmyArrayList is sorted on timeStamp in ascending order I can use binary search on this list, and the amount of records I am planning on keeping will be from 1.000  500.000 depending on traffic about 3 cars per second for a week The timeinterval is kept as seconds, so when I specify 1 hour, I store it as 3600.p  pWhen I call myArrayList.addaCar, computeAvrages get called, but what I wonder is the followingp  ol liHow should I handle the change of Monday  Tuesday, and from Friday to Mondayli liI am currently storing start and stop times as startHour, startMinute, stopHour and stopMinute for simplicity, how would you have stored these timereferencesli ol  pThis problem might be to complex for stackoverflows questionanswer type, but Ill try and make it simplerp  pYou are looking at a highway. Cars are passing by. Every car that passes by gets recorded with Weight, Height and Speed. Now, I want to be able to specify a time of day i.e. 0800 until 1600 that interests me. Only cars that pass by during the work week is interesting aka Monday  Friday I would only store cars passing by in this period, but I still get notified about cars that pass by outside of this timeframe. p  pI then want to compute a 1 Hour average of cars passing by within my timeframe. But at 0815 on Tuesday I am not interested in only getting the average of the last 15 minutes, but I want the average of the last 45 minutes on Monday combined with the first 15 of Tuesday. So my questions above apply.p
Negative 110 pMy ListPreference Xml p  precodeltListPreference androidkeylpBirim androidtitleBirim         androidsummary androiddefaultValue0  androidpersistentfalsegt codepre  pHow to Get Selected Text And Selected Valuep  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pI tried the following code on gcc 4.4.5.p  pIf the member data is not present, the code executes fine, but in its presence, it crashes. It also doesnt crash when the derived class dtor is not virtual.p  pIm aware that strongthe behavior would be Undefined as listed in C03 5.3.5  3strong in both the cases, but still could someone provide me with some explanation why does it crash in the latter casep  pAnd yes, I know UB means that anything can happen, but still strongId like to know implementationspecific details.strongp  precodeincludeltiostreamgt     using stdcout  struct base int data    base       cout ltlt ctor of basen        base       cout ltlt dtor of basen       struct derived   base    derived       cout ltlt ctor of derivedn        virtual derived       cout ltlt dtor of derivedn       int main    base p  new derived    delete p  codepre
Negative 110 pIm having modrewrite problems.  A full explanation, plus logs is belowp  precode Options FollowSymLinks MultiViews Indexes RewriteEngine on RewriteBase managedDir RewriteRule loginclient managedDirindex.phpuser [L] RewriteRule login.adminlostpassword managedDiradmincontentadminlostpassword.php [L] RewriteRule login. managedDirindex.phpuser1 [L] RewriteRule user..page. managedDirindex.phpuser1amppage2  codepre  pIm currently having a lot of trouble logging into a hrefhttplocalhostmanagedDirloginclient relnofollowhttplocalhostmanagedDirloginclienta but I can login to a hrefhttplocalhostmanagedDirloginadmin relnofollowhttplocalhostmanagedDirloginadminap  pHere are the error.logp  precode[Sat May 28 165713 2011] [error] [client 127.0.0.1] PHP Notice Undefined index user in CxampphtdocsMDFrameworkindex.php on line 133, referer managedDirloginclient [Sat May 28 165713 2011] [error] [client 127.0.0.1] PHP Stack trace, referer managedDirloginclient [Sat May 28 165713 2011] [error] [client 127.0.0.1] PHP 1. main CxampphtdocsMDFrameworkindex.php0, referer managedDirloginclient [Sat May 28 165714 2011] [error] an unknown filter was not added DEFLATE codepre  pHere is the access.logp  precode127.0.0.1  admin [28May2011165713 0500] POST managedDir HTTP1.1 302 26661 managedDirloginclient Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 WOW64 rv2.0.1 Gecko20100101 Firefox4.0.1 127.0.0.1  admin [28May2011165714 0500] GET managedDiruser.clientpagehome HTTP1.1 200 4 managedDirloginclient Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 WOW64 rv2.0.1 Gecko20100101 Firefox4.0.1 codepre  pWhen I login to loginadmin it correctly loads the page and logs in. but when I login to loginclient it gives me a blank page.p  pHow do I fix thisp
Negative 110 pis there any tutorialsample for using selenium 2.0 web driver with .net p  pIve tried searching but could find only java, nothing about .net and selenium 2.0 web driverp
Negative 110 pI am new to R and am trying to accomplish the following task codeefficientlycode.p  pI have a codedata.framecode, codexcode, with columns codestartcode, codeendcode, codeval1code, codeval2code, codeval3code, codeval4code. The columns are sortedordered by codestartcode. p  pFor each codestartcode, first I have to find all the entries in codexcode that share the same codestartcode. Because the list is ordered, they will be consecutive. If a particular codestartcode occurs only once, then I iignorei it. Then, for these entries that have the same codestartcode, lets say for one particular codestartcode, there are 3 entries, as shown below  p  pentries for codestart10codep  prestart end val1 val2 val3 val4    10  25    8    9    0    0    10  55   15  200    4    9    10  30    4    8    0    1pre  pThen, I have to take 2 rows at a time and perform a codefisher.testcode on the code2x4code matrices of codeval14code. That is,p  prerow1row2  fisher.testmatrixc8,15,9,200,0,4,0,9, nrow2 row1row3  fisher.testmatrixc8,4,9,8,0,0,0,1, nrow2 row2row3  fisher.testmatrixc15,4,200,8,4,0,9,1, nrow2pre  pThe code I wrote is accomplished using codeforloopscode, traditionally. I was wondering if this could be bvectorizedb or improved in anyway.  p  prefstart  as.factorxstart convert start to factor to get count tabfstart  as.tablefstart  convert to table to access count ostart1  NULL oend1    NULL ostart2  NULL oend2    NULL pval     NULL for i in 1lengthtabfstart      b check if there are more than 1 entries with same startb     if  tabfstart[i]  1          b get all rows for current startb         curentry  x[xstart  as.integernamestabfstart[i],]         b loop over all combinations to obtain pvaluesb         ctr  tabfstart[i]         for j in 1ctr1              for k in j1ctr                  b store start and end values separatelyb                 ostart1  costart1, xstart[j]                 oend1    coend1, xend[j]                 ostart2  costart2, xstart[k]                 oend2    coend2, xend[k]                 b construct matrixb                 m1  cxval1[j], xval1[k]                 m2  cxval2[j], xval2[k]                 m3  cxval3[j], xval3[k]                 m4  cxval4[j], xval4[k]                  m  matrixcm1,m2,m3,m4, nrow2                 pval  cpval, fisher.testm                             resultdata.frameostart1, oend1, ostart2, oend2, pvalpre  pThank you  p
Negative 110 pI current have a TabHost within my app which opens each tab as an Activity in a FrameLayout. The tabs are designed to Run into each other, in other words they need to be side by side with no spaces by being aligned to the left. What I have noticed with the Tabbing system in Android is that the tabs all seem to be centered so using the images I need to means there are big spaces between the tabs. Is there any way to align all the tabs to the left and leave the rest of the screen to the right blank, or is there another way to remove the spaces between tabsp
Negative 110 pI have a situation where I have a service subscribing to event messages and performing some work when they arrive.  There is a certain class of events which can arrive in short bursts of many events which reference the same underlying data.  I would like to be able to defer processing of related events for a short period of time, so that I only do the calculation once for each batch of related events, rather than in response to each individual event.  Is there some kind of pattern I can follow which will allow me to collect related events for a period of time and then process them all at once  I was thinking a saga  timeout might be able to achieve this, but not sure if this is an appropriate use for that.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pWe are thinking of centralizing cfg information and looks like zookeeper is a good choice. We are also interested in sharding and have a scheme. In the poweredBy[1] saw that Rackspace and Yahoo is using Zookeeper for sharding. Would appreciate pointers and details.p  p[1] a hrefhttpscwiki.apache.orgconfluencedisplayZOOKEEPERPoweredBy relnofollowhttpscwiki.apache.orgconfluencedisplayZOOKEEPERPoweredBya  p
Negative 110 pI have a form with a bunch of inputs, including cities. Other inputs either need to be shown or hidden depending on the cities the user has selected.p  pI have two arraysp  precodevar bikingcities  [newyork,] var carscities  [newyork,newjersey,metronorth,longisland,boston,chicago,sanfrancisco,london,paris,washington,] codepre  pSo if any of the cities  newyork, then the biking input needs to be hidden. Same for cars. p  pThe city inputs all look like thisp  precodeltinput classcity typehidden namecity1 valuefoogt ltinput classcity typehidden namecity2 valuefoogt codepre  pAnd so on max 9 cities.p  pWhats an efficient way to create an array and check it against other arrays and then do something in case they matchp  pThanks, Brianp
Negative 110 pI have a generic class called Repository. This class has a function that calls itself by initializing a new instance of the Repository class with a different generic argument. This recursion can go on  so to avoid StackOverflowException, i need to check if there is in the stack, a method called from the Repository class with the same generic argument. here is my codep  precode    StackTrace stack  new StackTrace     StackFrame[] frames  stack.GetFrames      foreach StackFrame frame in frames              Type callingMethodClassType  frame.GetMethod.DeclaringType         if callingMethodClassType.IsGenericType                       BUG HERE in getting generic arguments of the class in stack             Type genericType  callingMethodClassType.GetGenericArguments[0]             if genericType.EqualsentityType                              wasAlready  true                 break                            codepre  pthe generic type always returns as T and not the correct type like User or Employee for example. I cant compare the names of the types because T does not have a name.p
Negative 110 pIm taking a stab at a large program with a background Service and Im implementing a rather poorly thought out Message handling procedure using basic Handler objects.  The application has a main menu with buttons which start 6 different activities.  p  pProblem is this if i start a worker thread which kicks off a query to the database and retrieves some data, and I close the Activity that started the aforementioned worker thread, the Handler in the Activity still tries to run and show a dialog, even though the Activity that created it is now finished or not in focus.  How can I tell whether the current Activity is in focus before committing any UI changesp  pI ended up solving the issue by simply putting the showDialog call in a try statement, but id like a more sophisticated solution, as this just seems like the wrong way to do things.p
Negative 110 pWith emunopenedem I meanp  precodeofstream outFile outFile ltlt Some text codepre  pSo I put text in an codeofstreamcode without call the code.opencode method. g does not complain, so maybe I still can save the data Howp
Negative 110 pI am trying to get familiar with using the codeXDocumentcode API to parse XML using the lambda syntax.p  pWhat I would like to do is create a codeIEnumerablecode list of codeProductcode based on the following XML structure. I know how to get all of the codeproductcode nodes but I want to get each of the product nodes codenamecode attribute and then select each codeitemcode node from within the product node and parse it for its values.p  pSo I want to take this XMLp  precodeltproductsgt   ltproduct nameProd1gt     ltitem hwidabk9184gt       lthrefgtProd1abk9184enusabk9184.htmllthrefgt       ltlocalizationgtenusltlocalizationgt       ltbuild.startgt20110608 2202 PMltbuild.startgt       ltbuild.icpgt9.0.192.32ltbuild.icpgt     ltitemgt     ltitem hwidabk9185gt       lthrefgtProd1abk9185enusabk9185.htmllthrefgt       ltlocalizationgtenusltlocalizationgt       ltbuild.startgt20110608 2203 PMltbuild.startgt       ltbuild.icpgt9.0.192.32ltbuild.icpgt     ltitemgt   ltproductgt   ltproduct nameProd2gt     ltitem hwidaa6410gt       lthrefgtProd2aa6410enusaa6410.htmllthrefgt       ltlocalizationgtenusltlocalizationgt       ltbuild.startgt20110608 2204 PMltbuild.startgt       ltbuild.icpgt9.0.192.32ltbuild.icpgt     ltitemgt   ltproductgt ltproductsgt codepre  pAnd from it I would like to get a list of thesep  precodepublic class Product      public string Name  get set      public string Hwid  get set      public string Href  get set      public string Localization  get set      public DateTime BuildDateTime  get set      public string IcpBuildVersion  get set   codepre  pSo although I have 2 product nodes I would end up with many product instances of each. Id like to learn how to do this using the codeXDocumentcode and the lambda syntax. Can someone show me the wayp  precodeIEnumerableltProductgt products  xDocument.Decendantsproduct                                 .Selecte gt new Product  Name  e.Name  codepre  pBut think there would have to be some looping here to get each item from each product.p
Negative 110 pIm creating a new empty transparent codeBitmapcode and making some modifications to it.p  pIs there a way to clean up this make transparent and empty again without creating new instance of codeBitmapcodep  pstrongUPDATEstrong Thanks for your help. I have found answer.p  precode Fills the bitmaps pixels with the specified Color.  bitmap.eraseColorsomecolor codepre
Negative 110 pI will implement a functionality that let users to invite their facebook friends explicity choosing or let exclude some of them to our site  I dont know what is possible with facebook api but possible cases 1 sending plain email to friends 2 facebook message, invitation in facebook platform. I am facebook platform newbie  and dont know where to start. Could you recommend which API should I use facebook connect , facebook graph etc I read that facebook api and permission is changing rapidly. What is the state of the art way of doing this task p
Negative 110 pIm trying to make a paint in java, with classes and hierarchy. But my paint area isnt getting the background color defined as white and when i click it makes a print screen in the jpanel area of drawing. With super.paintComponentg the interface appears all right but i only get one point of each time. With super.paintComponentsg it prints the frame in the jpanel area.p  pany thoughts about whats happenp  precodepublic class MandaDesenhar extends JPanel  static int x static int y  private static final long serialVersionUID  1L int i  0  public void paintComponentGraphics g         super.paintComponentsg      if Paint4Fun.lista.size  0         return      while iltPaint4Fun.lista.size              FormaPrimitiva forma  Paint4Fun.lista.geti         forma.desenhag         i       codepre
Negative 110 pI have a 4dimensional dictionary I made with a Python script for a data mining project Im working on, and I want to read the data into Matlab to do some statistical tests on the data.p  pTo read a 2dimensional matrix is trivial. I figured that since my first dimension is only 4deep, I could just write each slice of it out to a separate file 4 files total with each file having many 2dimensional slices, looking something like thisp  precode2 3 6 4 5 8  6 7 3 1 4 3  6 6 7 8 9 0 codepre  pThis however does not work, and matlab reads it as a single continuous 6 x 3 matrix. I even took a look a dlmread but could not figure out how to get it do what I wanted. How do I format this so I can put 3 or preferably more dimensions in a single filep
Negative 110 pIm using android version 2.2 and I cant find codeandroid.bluetooth.IBluetoothA2dpcode in the codebluetoothcode subpackage codeandroid.bluetoothcode. Do I have to upgrade to a higher version for this file to be available. Or what else should I do so I could be able to implement this interface to use it in my projectp
Negative 110 pI have a form CustomerInfoForm with 10 TextBoxes.  The default codeTextcode property for each of the codeTextBoxescode is defined at designtime.  A subclass codeCustomerInfoForm.CustomerInfocode  contains properties to hold the data entered in the form.  The subclass containing the data will be serialized to XML.p  pIn the automatically generated form code, each of the text boxes has a line of code to bind the datasource to the text boxp  precodethis.customerInfoBindingSource  new System.Windows.Forms.BindingSourcethis.components codepre  pCode automatically generated by the C ide for each text boxp  precodethis.txtCustomer.DataBindings.Addnew System.Windows.Forms.BindingText, this.customerInfoFormCustomerInfoBindingSource, CustomerName, true this.txtCustomer.Location  new System.Drawing.Point60, 23 this.txtCustomer.Name  txtCustomer this.txtCustomer.Size  new System.Drawing.Size257, 20 this.txtCustomer.TabIndex  0 this.txtCustomer.Text  CustomerName codepre  pI noticed that the codeTextcode property isnt set until after the DataBinding in the IDE generated code.p  pWhen I run the project, the form is displayed with the default values in the codeTextBoxescode.  However when the codeSaveButtoncode is pressed to serialize the properties in the codeMyForm.CustomerInfocode subclass, they are all null.  Since these values will only be changed from the form I was hoping that I didnt have to implement the interface codeINotifyPropertyChangedcode.p  pAm I missing something basic or simplep  pThe code for the form including the serialization of the data is attached belowp  precodeusing System using System.Windows.Forms using System.Xml.Serialization using System.IO using System.Runtime.Serialization  namespace SimpleCustomerInfo       You must apply a DataContractAttribute or SerializableAttribute      to a class to have it serialized by the DataContractSerializer.      public partial class CustomerInfoForm  Form              CustomerInfo ci  new CustomerInfo          public CustomerInfoForm                      InitializeComponent                   private void btnSaveClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      DataContractSerializer serializer  new DataContractSerializertypeofCustomerInfo             FileStream writer  new FileStreamCUsersMetemptestme.xml, FileMode.Create             serializer.WriteObjectwriter,ci             writer.Close                   [DataContractName  Customer, Namespace  net.ElectronicCanvas]         public class CustomerInfo                      [DataMember]             public string CustomerName  get set              [DataMember]             public PhoneInfo PhonePrimary  get set              [DataMember]             public PhoneInfo PhoneDays  get set              [DataMember]             public PhoneInfo PhoneEvening  get set                    public class PhoneInfo                      public string number  get set              public string type  get set              public bool textOk  get set                 codepre  pstrongEDIT  For others that may happen upon this questionstrongp  precodeusing System using System.Windows.Forms using System.Xml.Serialization using System.IO using System.Runtime.Serialization  namespace SimpleCustomerInfo        public partial class CustomerInfoForm  Form              CustomerInfo ci          public CustomerInfoForm                      InitializeComponent             ci  new CustomerInfo             ci.CustomerName  My Customer Name             ci.PhoneDays.number  8888888888             customerInfoFormCustomerInfoBindingSource.DataSource  ci                    private void btnSaveClickobject sender, EventArgs e                       DataContractSerializer serializer  new DataContractSerializertypeofCustomerInfo             FileStream writer  new FileStreamCUsersmetemptestme.xml, FileMode.Create             serializer.WriteObjectwriter,ci             writer.Close                   You must apply a DataContractAttribute or SerializableAttribute          to a class to have it serialized by the DataContractSerializer.         [DataContractName  Customer, Namespace  net.ElectronicCanvas]         public class CustomerInfo                      [DataMember]             public string CustomerName  get set              [DataMember]             public PhoneInfo PhonePrimary  get set              [DataMember]             public PhoneInfo PhoneDays  get set              [DataMember]             public PhoneInfo PhoneEvening  get set                Constructor is needed to instantiate the PhoneInfo classes              within the CustomerInfo class             public CustomerInfo                              PhonePrimary  new PhoneInfo                 PhoneDays  new PhoneInfo                 PhoneEvening  new PhoneInfo                                public class PhoneInfo                      public string number  get set              public string type  get set              public bool textOk  get set                 codepre
Negative 110 pHow to set Maven dependency for all codeorg.springframeworkcode p  pI mean, how to do it in couple lines,instead of providing dependency for every module,e.g.p  precodeltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtspringcontextltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt3.0.5.RELEASEltversiongt ltdependencygt codepre  petc..p  pthank you for helpp
Negative 110 pI tried to use a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comKBgraphicscximage.aspx relnofollowCxImagea in my project VC, however I use a walkthrough for create static libs and link with a project in VC 2010.p  pEverything looks fine when I generate the project that link the codecximage.libcode, but for some reason when I use certain functions the compiler threw me a codeLINK2001 unresolved external symbolcode.  p  pThis is the first time I work with visual static libraries, if someone have the solution or a suggestion for this I would be grateful.p  phere is my codep  precode    include stdafx.h  int tmainint argc, TCHAR argv[]      CxImage imag     imag.Saveconst TCHAR hola.bmp,CXIMAGEFORMATBMP     return 0  codepre  pand there it is, codeCxImagecode is recognized by the compiler but some functions on the linker not. In this case the function codeSavecode, if I used other functions and work, the generation is successful.  I searched over the net and find that I could by not including a library but I include it. p  pThe link error is the nextp  precodepruebaCxImage.obj  error LNK2001 smbolo externo public bool thiscall CxImageSavewchart const ,unsigned int SaveCxImageQAENPBWIZ sin resolver codepre  pfor more information this is the commands of my linker in the projectp  precodeOUTCDocuments and SettingsdiegoMis documentosVisual Studio 2008ProjectspruebaCxImageReleasepruebaCxImage.exe INCREMENTALNO NOLOGO MANIFEST MANIFESTFILEReleasepruebaCxImage.exe.intermediate.manifest MANIFESTUAClevelasInvoker uiAccessfalse DEBUG PDBCDocuments and SettingsdiegoMis documentosVisual Studio 2008ProjectspruebaCxImageReleasepruebaCxImage.pdb SUBSYSTEMCONSOLE OPTREF OPTICF LTCG DYNAMICBASE NXCOMPAT MACHINEX86 ERRORREPORTPROMPT kernel32.lib user32.lib gdi32.lib winspool.lib comdlg32.lib advapi32.lib shell32.lib ole32.lib oleaut32.lib uuid.lib odbc32.lib odbccp32.lib ..........escritoriocximage701fullcximagereleasecximage.lib codepre
Negative 110 pIm in the process of switching from an experimental installation of a hrefhttpwww.redmine.orgRedminea to a company wide use. We do use some plugins that are mandatory for us such as redminebacklog and redminegitosis unmaintained, several forks exists. While redmine released 1.2.0, a hrefhttpblog.chiliproject.orgreleaseschiliproject150releasedchiliprojecta just released 1.5.0 and ensure the themes and plugins are compatible.p  pThe reasons that made them take the decision to fork redmine makes one feel there is a strong motivation of supporting the project. It also seems that chiliproject has more contributors and has more frequent updates. p  pSo Im looking for pros and cons for using one of these projects in a productionlike environment p  pThanks,p  pMathieup
Negative 110 pCan you please help me how to join three tables with one common join table I have USER, APPLICATION, and ROLE tables. And I want thier IDs to be joined in a table named USERAPPROLEuser.ID, application.ID, role.ID.p  pWhen I remove either Application or Role tables in Join Many to Many my code is working.p  pI have done the following codesp  pUser.javap  precodeManyToMany targetEntityRole.class JoinTablenameUSERAPPLICATIONROLE,     joinColumnsJoinColumnnameUSERID,     inverseJoinColumnsJoinColumnnameROLEID  private CollectionltRolegt roles  ManyToMany targetEntityApplication.class JoinTablenameUSERAPPLICATIONROLE,     joinColumnsJoinColumnnameUSERID,     inverseJoinColumnsJoinColumnnameAPPLICATIONID private CollectionltApplicationgt applications codepre  pRole.javap  precodeManyToManymappedByroles, targetEntityUser.class private CollectionltUsergt users  new ArrayListltUsergt codepre  pApplication.javap  precodeManyToManymappedByapplications, targetEntityUser.class private CollectionltUsergt users  new ArrayListltUsergt codepre  pWhen I tried to run the following testp  precode    user.getRoles.addrole1     user.getRoles.addrole2      role1.getUsers.adduser     role1.getUsers.adduser      role2.getUsers.adduser     role2.getUsers.adduser      user.getApplications.addapp1     user.getApplications.addapp2      app1.getUsers.adduser     app2.getUsers.adduser       ......        session.beginTransaction       session.saveuser       session.saverole1       session.saverole2       session.saveapp1       session.saveapp2 codepre  pI get the following errorp  precodeHibernate select seqcmuser.nextval from dual Hibernate select seqrole.nextval from dual Hibernate select seqrole.nextval from dual Hibernate select seqapplication.nextval from dual Hibernate select seqapplication.nextval from dual Hibernate insert into CMUSER EMAIL, FIRSTNAME, LASTNAME, MIDDLENAME, USERNAME, ID values , , , , ,  Hibernate insert into CMROLE DESCRIPTION, ID values ,  Hibernate insert into CMROLE DESCRIPTION, ID values ,  Hibernate insert into CMAPPLICATION CODE, DESCRIPTION, ID values , ,  Hibernate insert into CMAPPLICATION CODE, DESCRIPTION, ID values , ,  Hibernate insert into USERAPPLICATIONROLE USERID, APPLICATIONID values ,  Hibernate insert into USERAPPLICATIONROLE USERID, APPLICATIONID values ,  Exception in thread main org.hibernate.exception.ConstraintViolationException Could not execute JDBC batch update at org.hibernate.exception.SQLStateConverter.convertSQLStateConverter.java96 at org.hibernate.exception.JDBCExceptionHelper.convertJDBCExceptionHelper.java66 at org.hibernate.jdbc.AbstractBatcher.executeBatchAbstractBatcher.java275 at org.hibernate.jdbc.AbstractBatcher.prepareStatementAbstractBatcher.java114 at org.hibernate.jdbc.AbstractBatcher.prepareStatementAbstractBatcher.java109 at org.hibernate.jdbc.AbstractBatcher.prepareBatchStatementAbstractBatcher.java244 at org.hibernate.persister.collection.AbstractCollectionPersister.recreateAbstractCollectionPersister.java1179 at org.hibernate.action.CollectionRecreateAction.executeCollectionRecreateAction.java58 at org.hibernate.engine.ActionQueue.executeActionQueue.java273 at org.hibernate.engine.ActionQueue.executeActionsActionQueue.java265 at org.hibernate.engine.ActionQueue.executeActionsActionQueue.java188 at org.hibernate.event.def.AbstractFlushingEventListener.performExecutionsAbstractFlushingEventListener.java321 at org.hibernate.event.def.DefaultFlushEventListener.onFlushDefaultFlushEventListener.java51 at org.hibernate.impl.SessionImpl.flushSessionImpl.java1216 at org.hibernate.impl.SessionImpl.managedFlushSessionImpl.java383 at org.hibernate.transaction.JDBCTransaction.commitJDBCTransaction.java133 at com.hp.gdas.capman.HibernateTest.mainHibernateTest.java73  Caused by java.sql.BatchUpdateException ORA01400 cannot insert NULL into SYSTEM.USERAPPLICATIONROLE.ROLEID at oracle.jdbc.driver.DatabaseError.throwBatchUpdateExceptionDatabaseError.java343 at oracle.jdbc.driver.OraclePreparedStatement.executeBatchOraclePreparedStatement.java10657 at org.hibernate.jdbc.BatchingBatcher.doExecuteBatchBatchingBatcher.java70 at org.hibernate.jdbc.AbstractBatcher.executeBatchAbstractBatcher.java268 ... 14 more codepre  pThank you very muchp
Negative 110 pCan anyone help me pleasep  pI tried to implement something that in C isp  precodevar keysIO    Observable.FromEventltKeyDownEventHandler, RoutedEventArgsgt                                 h gt new KeyDownEventHandlerh,                                 h gt btn.KeyDown  h,                                 h gt btn.KeyDown  h codepre  pHow to write that in VBp  pThank you, Rp
Negative 110 pIm new to Java, and need to know how to pass an associative array Map as a single parameter in a function.p  pHeres what Im wanting to do in Java, shown in PHP.p  precodeltphp public class exampleClass   public function exampleFunctionexampleParam   ifissetexampleParam[exampleKey]    return true      else     return false       ourMap  array  exampleKey gt yes, it is set  ourClass  new exampleClass ourResult  ourClassgtexampleFunctionourMap ifourResult  echo In Map  else   echo Not in Map  gt codepre
Negative 110 pRather than converting HTML to an attributed string, I need to convert it back to HTML. This can easily be done on Mac as can be seen here a hrefhttpwww.justria.com20110118howtoconvertnsattributedstringtohtmlmarkuphttpwww.justria.com20110118howtoconvertnsattributedstringtohtmlmarkupap  pUnfortuately, the method codedataFromRangedocumentAttributescode is only available on Mac via the codeNSAttributedStringcode AppKit Additions.p  pMy question is how can you do this on iOSp
Negative 110 pOkay I am officially confused.  Im reading up on this MVC intro in php and I see this code, and I added some items into array on top to see if it really works. p  precode  ltphp   members   arrayapple, oranges, banana   gt  lthtmlgt lth1gtMembers of community.comlth1gt ltulgt ltphp foreach members as i gt member  gt ltligtMember ltphp echo i  1 gt ltphp echo member gtltligt  ltphp endforeach gt  ltulgt lthtmlgt codepre  pI notice theres a  in the line of the foreach statement. Where does this come from More importantly, what is it  Is this  symbol mean okay we will continue this statement in the next line  p  pBut besides that, this is cool trick I learned. Less html tags inside my php echos I guess.p  plet me know what you think, thanks p
Negative 110 pUpon rolling over or clicking on an NSView, how can I update the view so that I can change the colour and other properties of view Its the redrawing of the view which is the key to what I need to do, I already have a subclass created.p
Negative 110 pI am confused. I never seem to decide what to use,  a template or an overloaded function. Overloads need more coding. So in what cases is it preferred to use templates and in what overloaded functionsp  pFor example, i recently had to take this decision while making a small GBA game. There were two types strongu16strong and strongintstrong and i decided to use overloaded functions.p  precodeinline void PointMoveint x, int y ix  x iy  y  inline void PointMoveu16 x, u16 y ix  int x iy  int y  codepre  pshould I have used a template instead And in what cases should I use an overloaded functionp
Negative 110 pHTMLp  precodelttable width100gt         lttbodygtlttrgt           lttd width65 idbodypreviewgt             ltpgtFive NBA writers look ahead to see whats in store for the Miami Heat.ltpgt           lttdgt             lttd idsidepreviewgt               ltimg srchttpa.espncdn.comphoto20110707nbagheatbig3sy576.jpg altNbagheatbig3sy576gt             lttdgt         lttrgt       lttbodygtlttablegt codepre  pCSSp  precodebodypreview, sidepreview    verticalalign top   bodypreview object    maxwidth 100   sidepreview img    maxwidth 100  codepre  pThe above HTMLCSS render as expected on chromep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com3kdoO.png altenter image description herep  pBut on Firefox 3, I see thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7tIiQ.png altenter image description herep  pWhats the issue here I was in the impression that maxwidth is supported by Firefox. p  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pThis question arose from another more complex question, so hopefully if someone can answer this simpler one we can figure out a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6681281visualstudio2010dtehowtomakeaddeddllreferenceabsoluteandnotcopiedVisual Studio 2010 DTE How to make added DLL reference absolute and not copieda as well.p  pProgrammatically, using DTE, how do you access the HintPath property of a DLL reference.p  h2Here is an example of what it looks like in the CSPROJ fileh2  precode  ltItemGroupgt     ltReference IncludeClassLibrary1, Version1.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, processorArchitectureMSILgt       ltHintPathgt..ClassLibrary1binDebugClassLibrary1.dllltHintPathgt     ltReferencegt     ...   ltItemGroupgt codepre  h2And if you programmatically add a DLL reference the path is lost and the DLL copiedh2  precode ltItemGroupgt     ltReference IncludeClassLibrary1, Version1.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, processorArchitectureMSILgt     ltReferencegt     ...   ltItemGroupgt codepre  pIdeally you are starting from a Reference object, but any correct methods will be rewarded p
Negative 110 pIm new to objectivec and iOS development.p  pI need an iPad application to display some images and designs draw over its, but the design needs be done  in a separate image. My idea is use two overlapping codeUIImageViewcodes, the first one is the images that I want to see, and the second one is an image with transparent background where I will draw some things with finger. All of this is OK and i have implemented, but I need that the zoom be enabled to tow images in the same time. When Im zooming, the tow images need be resized at the same time.p  pThe scroll needs to work to the images at the same time too.p  pHow can I do thisp  pSomebody help mep
Negative 110 pI would like to get the 3 dates from the current date or if user enters a date like code16072011code i would like to show the 3 previous dates for this likep  pcode15072011,14072011,13072011codep
Negative 110 pI cant seem to find any method on FileObject or FileContent which allows me to set a new size on an existing file.p  pcodeFileContent.getSizecode does not have a corresponding codesetSizecode. codeRandomAccessContentcode does have some comments about seeking but it does not appear to state that a file will shrink if one seeks somewhere before the end and then simply closes the file.p  precode   Sets the filepointer offset, measured from the beginning of this   file, at which the next read or write occurs.  The offset may be   set beyond the end of the file. Setting the offset beyond the end   of the file does not change the file length.  The file length will   change only by writing after the offset has been set beyond the end   of the file.   ltbrgt   ltbgtNotice If you use link getInputStream you have to reget the InputStream after calling link seeklongltbgt     param pos the offset position, measured in bytes from the              beginning of the file, at which to set the file              pointer.   throws IOException if ltcodegtposltcodegt is less than                       ltcodegt0ltcodegt or if an IO error occurs.   public void seeklong pos throws IOException codepre
Negative 110 pIm using the library STPrivilegedTask library, source found at a hrefhttpwww.sveinbjorn.orgSTPrivilegedTask relnofollowhttpwww.sveinbjorn.orgSTPrivilegedTaska to run the NSTask with sudo permissions. p  pThis is the code Im using to instantiate an STPrivilegedTask object but Im getting syntax errorp  pcodeSTPrivilegedTask task2  [[STPrivilegedTask alloc] initWithLaunchPath launchPath arguments]codep  pIm getting Receiver type STPrivilegedTask for instance method does not declare a method... error. Is the above syntax valid p  pThanks,p
Negative 110 pI was hoping someone could help me with this problem. I am trying to access a Picasa Web Album from my iphone application. I have used GData previously with Google Calendar and getting events and the data related to them before, so I set up my methods in a similar fashion. I however am getting an error that is telling me the followingp  precodeserviceBaseltGDataServiceGooglePhotos 0x4d4e6d0gt objectFetcherltGDataHTTPFetcher 0xbaa35c0gt failedWithStatus400 dataToo many results requested codepre  pI am think that I have narrowed down the problem that I am having has something to do with the emticketem that I am using, in the following linep  precodeticket  [service fetchFeedWithURL[NSURL URLWithStringkGDataGooglePhotosAllFeed]                           delegateself                  didFinishSelectorselectorphotosListTicketfinishedWithFeederror] codepre  pI however am unable to get past this problem. Does anyone have a suggestion to get past this problem. Am I doing something wrong p  pMy full code for the retrieval of the pictures is shown below. Anywhere that says picAlbum, that is a predefined NSArray to hold the information. p  precode GDataServiceGooglePhotos photoService       static GDataServiceGooglePhotos service  nil     if service          service  [[GDataServiceGooglePhotos alloc] init]         [service setShouldCacheDatedDataYES]         [service setServiceShouldFollowNextLinksYES]           [service setUserCredentialsWithUsernameusername                                    passwordpassword]     return service    voidloadGooglePhotos      [self fetchAllPhotos]   voidfetchAllPhotos      NSLogIn fetchAllPhotos     GDataServiceGooglePhotos service  [self photoService]     GDataServiceTicket ticket      ticket  [service fetchFeedWithURL[NSURL URLWithStringkGDataGooglePhotosKindAlbum]                               delegateself                      didFinishSelectorselectorphotosListTicketfinishedWithFeederror]    voidphotosListTicketGDataServiceTicket ticket finishedWithFeedGDataFeedPhotoAlbum feed errorNSError error       NSLogIn photosListTicket     NSArray photos  [feed entries]     if [photos count]  0         self.picAlbum  [photos objectAtIndex0]         NSLogfetching photos         [self fetchPhotos]          else          NSLogUser has no photos...         voidfetchPhotos       NSLogIn fetchPhotos     if self.picAlbum          NSURL feedURL  [[self.picAlbum alternateLink] URL]         if feedURL              NSLogfeedURL             GDataQueryGooglePhotos query  [GDataQueryGooglePhotos photoQueryWithFeedURLfeedURL]             [query setMaxResults1000]             GDataServiceGooglePhotos service  [self photoService]             GDataServiceTicket ticket             ticket  [service fetchFeedWithQueryquery delegateself didFinishSelectorselectorphotosEventsTicketfinishedWithFeederror]                  voidphotosEventsTicketGDataServiceTicket ticket finishedWithFeedGDataFeedPhotoAlbum feed errorNSError error       NSLogIn photosEventsTicket     NSArray photos  [feed entries]     NSLog[NSString stringWithFormati,[photos count]]  codepre  pThanks in advance for any information or help that you can provide. p
Negative 110 pHow do I use EXECSQL or EXEC SPEXECUTESQLSQL with Common Table Expressionsp  pBelow does not work. p  precodeWITH CTECustomer ID,  Name AS      EXEC strSqlCommand  codepre
Negative 110 pI am using a CGContextRef in my iOS application to create a PDF, along with some utility methods that I created to draw items such as lines, text, images, etc.p  pI have the following method that I used to draw a multiple line text string to the CGContextRefp  precode voiddrawTextBlockNSString theText xCGFloatx yCGFloaty widthCGFloatw heightCGFloath      if theText  nil              return           UIGraphicsPushContextpdfContext      CGContextSaveGStatepdfContext     CGContextTranslateCTMpdfContext, 0.0f, PDFHEIGHT     CGContextScaleCTMpdfContext, 1.0f, 1.0f      [theText drawInRectPDFCGRectMakex, 11.0  y  h, w, h withFont[UIFont systemFontOfSizefontSize]]      CGContextRestoreGStatepdfContext      UIGraphicsPopContext  codepre  pThis code works fine for drawing text blocks, but if I try to draw any other text by using CGContextShowTextAtPoint after this code executes, the text comes out way too large and upside down.p  pIf I add this line at the end of the method, the size goes back to normal, but the text is still upside downp  precodeCGContextSetTextMatrixpdfContext, CGAffineTransformMake1.0,0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0 codepre  pI must be missing something here, it seems like the original code should save and restore the context state enough for the drawing to continue just fine. Any hints or suggestionsp
Negative 110 pIm trying to make a php tool that will get the users registered between specific dates.  However, Im running into a strange issue.  The query doesnt seem to recognize all of the records in the table.  Let me explain.p  pHeres the php codep  precode    function getRegistrationsstartDate,endDate      echo startDate     echo endDate     startDate  dateYmd His,startDate     endDate  dateYmd His,endDate     query  SELECT  FROM database.user WHERE createddategt.startDate. AND createddatelt.endDate.     result  mysqlqueryquery     data  array     data[query]  query     data[content]  array     ifresult          data[status]  1         data[message]  Success          count  0     data[numrows]  mysqlnumrowsresult     while row  mysqlfetchassocresult          data[content][row[userid]]  row         count          data[count]  count     echo jsonencodedata  codepre  pWhen I run the query in the mysql workbench, it works just fine.  However, when Im running it through php, it seems to ignore every record after a certain one.  I can see all the records up to userid243, and then it ends.  numrows and count are still equal, and theyre equal to the length of content.  However, if I run the query directly from the mysql workbench, I can see that it should be much higher. Also, its always stopping at the same record, regardless of the dates.  If I choose an early start date, then it might return 50 records, but it still stops at the same one.p  pDoes anyone have any ideas  Although Im pretty new to MySQL, I havent been able to find anyone with a similar problem.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 110 pI have a javaagent attached to a remote process using agentmain which sends serialized java objects via socket to a client application. p  pThere appears to be a bug in the formatting of the stream which I am not sure if it is an error in my writeExternal implementation or if it is something to do with the java versions. I am experimenting with different combinations of java 1.6 32  64 bits. p  pBasically the object stream is throwing a class not found exception, but the package name printed is something like org.mycode.b.e.b., the b.e.b part is nothing to do with any packages I own and I have searched all over and there is nothing in my code or libraries with that string... b.e.b. p  pSo I am suspicious it is an encoding issue caused by either a encoding format discrepancy or a 3264 bit word length issue, but I am not that experienced in these areas.p  pI am quite used to opening up the debugger to track down code issues, but less experienced diagnosing problems of this nature, with serialization and byte formats so I am asking to see what are the recommended approaches to debuggingp  pI have controlcompilationsource of the client which uses code likep  precodeobjectInput  new ObjectInputinputStream Object object  objectInput.readObject  codepre  pwhich currently throws class not found for the org.mycode.b.e.b.p  pI was thinking about rewriting it to store the serialized stream to a file and taking a look  not sure what format the file will actually be in in regard to reading it, is that the right anglep
Negative 110 pI got this jQuery scriptp  precodefunction changeImagee      var nextImg  e.attrnextImage     var oldImg  document.getElementByIdltimgMain.ClientID gt     oldImg.attrsrc, nextImg      return false  codepre  pand this ASP.NET markupp  precodeltaspLinkButton runatserver idlbOne Text1 OnClientClickchangeImagethis return false gt ltaspLinkButton runatserver idlbTwo Text2 OnClientClickchangeImagethis return false gt codepre  pCode behindp  precodelbOne.Attributes.AddnextImage, someimage lbTwo.Attributes.AddnextImage, someimage2 codepre  psome how it wont change the image src the jQuery script looks okay to me any ideasp  pFound the errorp  precodevar oldImg  document.getElementByIdltimgMain.ClientID gt codepre  pneed to add  like thisp  precodevar oldImg  document.getElementByIdltimgMain.ClientID gt codepre  pworks now. thanks for the commentsp
Negative 110 pI am using the SVN binary that comes with Mac OS X snow leopard. I am new to SVN and the learning path seems to be steep. p  pI have a local svn repositoryor should i call it folder with the traditional structure,p  precode Tags     0.3     0.3.2     0.3.6   Branches  Trunk     files.php     files.js     files.css     All other currently working files. codepre  pBut i want to develop in a different folder outside this structure. Once i am done with that, i thought i could copy its files back to trunk folder and run svn statdiffcommit. But then sub folders i copied had had S as status, that is emswitched related to parent directoryem. But the files were showing M  modified.p  pWhat i want to do p  pstrongsvntrunkstrong copy strongoutside developing folderstrong Finish strongsvntrunksame as 1ststrong  strongCommitstrong   p  pI tried to hard link the folder to the trunk directory, but it seems that there is no equivalent mklink J in OS X.p  pIs there an alternate way to do this p  pstrongSituationsstrong Developing wordpress plugin, plugin needs to reside in the plugins directory. Other web applications i am developing.p  pWordpress plugin is committed to SVN which is problematic. Second one is private svn server that i use for managing the apps for iOS amp Android Im developing.p
Negative 110 pKindly help me to call a nonstatic method from code behind, using json object.p  pThe following code is used in aspx page                                          p  precode function columnDropdownScript                  if id  ExpressionsLink                      var dropdown  document.getElementByIdltddlTableNames.ClientIDgt                                      Configure AJAX call to server on itemChange of ddlTableNames                 .ajax                     type POST,                     url Webtop.aspxFillColumnDropdown,                     data requestTableParameters,                     contentType plaintext,                     contentType applicationjson charsetutf8,                     dataType json,                     success functionmsg                          if id  ExpressionsLink                              ddlColumnNames.empty                                                                                  alertCheck Column DropDown  msg.d.length                     ,                     error DisplayError Event thatll be fired on Error                                                                                                   codepre  pThe following code is written in aspx.cs page                                    p  precode[WebMethod]     public static Listltstringgt FillColumnDropdownstring selTableName              Code to update Selected Columns in table                   codepre
Negative 110 pI have written following script in python which works finep  precodefrom sys import argv  script, filename  argv  def brokeragecost     vol  100     tamt  costvol     br  cost0.1100vol2     rc  0.0074tamt100     stt  0.025tamt100     std  0.004tamt100     stb  11br100     tbr  brrcsttstdstb     returntbr  cost1  10 cost2  510  while cost1 lt 501 and cost2 lt 1001     value1  brokeragecost1     value2  brokeragecost2      Cant write float to file so, changed it into string. Dont know why.     x1  strvalue1     x2  strvalue2     line    dttsttdttst  cost1, x1, cost2, x2      use a in open function to append it, will not overwrite existing value      as with w.     save  openfilename, a     save.writeline     save.writen  tn     save.close     cost110     cost210 codepre  pNow instead of while I want to use for with minimal code structure change.p
Negative 110 pI have to make a form consisting of several sub forms which may or may not contain grids. For simplicity lets say i am using 2 models  1. Applicant Detail  where the applicants basic information Name, DOB, Gender is placed. 2. Applicant Experience  where the applicants prev work experience details are being placed.p  pNow for organizing purpose i am thinking of making two different controllers Namely ApplicantDetail and ApplicantExperience and both will contain their respective functionalities. But as soon as the user enters his basic information i want the same view to call in the index view of ApplicantDetail which will have a grid and the user can enter hisher prev working details in the form of rows.p  pMy basic question is, is there anyway that can i create single razor view which will contain the razor view of my ApplicantDetail as well  p
Negative 110 pDoes Java has similar PHP function checkdnsrr p  pa hrefhttpphp.netmanualenfunction.checkdnsrr.php relnofollowhttpphp.netmanualenfunction.checkdnsrr.phpap
Negative 110 pIs there a way in gradle to specify a dependency a jar, and then run that jarfile directly within a taskp
Negative 110 pI cant figure out why when I try to use FORMAT function to limit number of decimal places in the results of MySQL query it doesnt work. Here is how my code looks like  p  precode...some other options to join tables with some conditions....  options[fields]  array     MetricSim.simid,     MetricSim.metricid,     FORMATMetricSim.value,3 AS value  metricssims  thisgtSimgtfindall, options codepre  pIf I dont use the codeFORMATcode function I get all of the results as expected. But when I try to use it I just dont get codevaluecode field in my results the rest of the fields are in place.p
Negative 110 h2first i am sorry for my bad english h2  pI want to merge 2 feed into 1 single line feed.p  pExample in the 1st feed contain iam and then in the 2nd feed contain handsome i want to merge that 2 feed into 1 single line feed, so the output feeds will looks like this  codeiam handsomecodep  pive been try to solve it many time but the output always  looks like belowp  precode  iam       feed 1   handsome  feed 2  codepre  pIs that posible to make it rightp  pAny advice will be helpfull to me.p  pBest Regard.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to emulate a sort of popup help dialog for my web site. When the user clicks help, a mask covers the whole page with a dark, partially transparent mask, and a helppage div with a higher zorder is made visible. The helppage div is 80 wide and 90 high positioned absolute at left 10 and top 5, all relative to body. So far all is great. The content of the helppage div is   a fullwidth header with a close anchor 20px high floating right.   a iframediv to occupy the rest of the helppage div containing     an iframe to display the html document in questionp  pThe problem I would expect the height of the iframediv to be 20 px less than the helppage div, but for some odd reason it is 3px larger than the helppage div. As a result the bottom of the iframe is invisible.p  pThe htmlp  precodeltdiv idhelpboxgt   ltdiv idhelppage classwindow styledisplay block position absolutegt   ltdiv classhdheadergt     lta classclose onclickhidehelpgtltagt   ltdivgt   ltdiv classiframedivgt     ltiframe idHelpPageFrame srchelpsystem.htmlgtltiframegt   ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pThe cssp  precodehelpbox .window    positionabsolute   displaynone   zindex9999   helpbox helppage      background white   width80   left 10   top 5    height90   padding 0px   overflow hidden   helppage iframe      border none     width 100     height 100   helppage .iframediv      width 100      position relative      display inlineblock    helpbox .hdheader    height 20px   fontweight bold     overflow hidden   display inlineblock   width 100    helpbox .close    width20px   height20px   displayblock   floatright   clearright   backgroundtransparent urlimagescloseicondouble.png 0 0 norepeat  codepre  pAny suggestions would be greatly appreciatedp  pbeditb As mixel pointed out, an important detail slipped, when I trie to simplify the scenario, that has been corrected.p
Negative 110 pI recently upgraded an existing Qt application to utilize QTranslator for deployment in multiple countries.  The previous programmer defined all the fonts in style sheets, but it seems that not all languages are supported by the designated fontfamily and this is causing QLabels to lose their styling.  My solution is to dynamically determine a suitable font were not at the stage where we might need custom fonts.p  pIs there a way to use the the result of QLocalelanguage to generate a QFontDatabaseWritingSystem so I can run QFontDatabasefamilies and query the results for an appropriate fontp
Negative 110 precodeltdivgt   ltpgt     lta href classtranscriptLink onclickseekVideo0 return falsegtA few years ago,ltagt     lta href classtranscriptLink onclickseekVideo2000 return falsegtI felt like I was stuck in a rut,ltagt     lta href classtranscriptLink onclickseekVideo5000 return falsegtso I decided to follow in the footstepsltagt     lta href classtranscriptLink onclickseekVideo7000 return falsegtof the great American philosopher, Morgan Spurlock,ltagt     lta href classtranscriptLink onclickseekVideo10000 return falsegtand try something new for 30 days.ltagt   ltpgt ltdivgt codepre  pthis is a part of web code  .p  pi want to know how to get the text in label .  such asA few years ago,p  pi can get   text in codeltagt text ltagt,code  p  pbut i do not know how to get  A few years ago, in label of  codelta href classtranscriptLink onclickseekVideo0 return falsegtA few years ago,ltagt codep  precodelta href classtranscriptLink onclickseekVideo0 return falsegt   lta href classtranscriptLink onclickseekVideo2000 return falsegt .................... codepre  pthere are different about only codeonclickseekVideo....codep  pcodedivpa[substringbeforesubstringafteronclick, ,   0]textcodep  pcan get text like codeA few years agocodep  pbut now i want to get the number in codeseekVideonumbercode p  pcodedivpa[numbersubstringbeforesubstringafteronclick, , ]codep  pis not right p  peg codelta href classtranscriptLink onclickseekVideo2000 return falsegtcode p  pi want to get 2000, how to do p  psample project or code   is better, thanksp
Negative 110 pIm drawing some shapes on canvas, but rotation freaks me up. From tutorials I found cannot find solution because of my stupid head or they are not showing interactive transformation, or both.p  pI made the code that draws some shapes with codemousedowncodecodemousemovecodecodemouseupcode events, but I want to rotating while codemousemovecode point is on... codex1, y1code  starting point and codex2, y2code ending point. Please be free to upgrade the code belowp  precodecontext.strokeRectx1, y1, x2x1, y2y1 codepre  pSo what exactly could I write for those rectangles to follow point codex2, y2code while holding the buttonp
Negative 110 pI am exporting a document that has the following version labels V1, CURRENT, 1.2p  pBut my exported XML document only includes this text dctmversionlabelCURRENT.p  pAnyone know how I can export all of the version labels into the XML I am using the following codep  precodeIDfExportOperation exportOperation  clientx.getExportOperation exportOperation.setDestinationDirectoryexportDirectory IDfExportNode node  IDfExportNode exportOperation.addmyVirtDoc.asVirtualDocumentCURRENT,false    exportOperation.setIncludeDCTMAttrsInXMLtrue   node.setFormat exportOperation.execute codepre  pThank you.p
Negative 110 pPlease see code at a hrefhttpcyclestreets.darkgreener.comlocation relnofollowhttpcyclestreets.darkgreener.comlocationa  if necessary, go to a London, UK location to see some markersp  pWhen you click on a marker, a jQuery mobile dialog opens. p  pIf you then follow the Full link to photo page, then click Back, the page attempts to reload the dialog. p  pIs there any way I can remove the dialog from the history model altogetherp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI need some clarifications about the X Server and the applications. As described in the wiki a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiXWindowSystemprotocolsandarchitecture relnofollowX Window System protocols and architecturea, X server is gobetween for the user and the client programs, ..., p  pMy question is, after a Linux PC starts, e.g., CentOS, at beginning, X Server starts to run taking keyboard, mouse, monitors,p  ol lipdoes X Server serve IO for all the subsequent application programs If not, how to make program A via X Server, while program B not via X Server pli lipwhat about other GUI programs, e.g. If I have a Qt program, does it also go via x server, like keyboardmonitor lt X Server lt Qt If not, how is this situation handled  pli ol
Negative 110 pIs there a simple RESTful way to have a fallback url for the codelinktocode with codemethod gt deletecode that will work for folks who have javascript disabledp  pFor example, suppose I have a list of comments.  To add a link to delete a comment, I might putp  precodelt linkto Delete, commentpathcomment.id, method gt delete gt codepre  pThis would produce a link with the codedatamethoddeletecode that my ujs driver jqueryujs in my case will turn into a DELETE request.  However, when javascript is turned off, the link is followed as a GET request as advertised in the docs, and my controller gets rightfully confused.p  pIs there a good and simple way to resolve this problem  Theres a hrefhttprailscasts.comepisodes77destroywithoutjavascript relnofollowRailscast 77a, which shows one solution, but this seems to require an awful lot of extra code and throws out the quite elegant codemethod gt deletecode solution.  Id be OK with it producing a link to a confirmdelete page when javascript is disabled.p  pThe only solution I can think of is to use codebuttontocode on the page and UJS to replace it with the corresponding codelinktocode.  This somehow doesnt seem quite right to me, but maybe its OK  Any other ideasp
Negative 110 pMy company already has a Team Foundation Server as a Continuous Integration platform. However, what I am looking to setup is a build configuration that a developer can run on their own development machine.p  pLets say I have a Visual Studio solution that contains a .NET C Class Library project Ill call this the Library Project. It also contains another project containing the Unit Testing classes for Library Project Ill call this the Testing Project.p  pI have the normal Debug and Release build configurations for each project and at the solution level. For both of these configurations, I have set it to only build the Library Project so Testing Project does not get built.p  pWhat I would like to do is set up 2 new build configurations called Debug With Testing and Release With Testing. They will each be the same as the Debug and Release, respectively but I need them to have the following extra featuresp  ol liBuilds the Testing Project.li liRun all test cases in the Testing Project.li liRun Code Analysis on Library Project. li liGenerate report for testing and code analysis.li liSave report in a specific location.li ol  pDoing item 1 is easy. However, I cant figure out how to do items 2 to 5. Can anyone point me in the right directionp  pAny help will be greatly appreciated. TIAp
Negative 110 pI want to pass a numeric value through to the following javascript function.p  precodefunction swap2  var oldDiv  document.getElementByIdproductgrid var newDiv  document.getElementByIdproductpage oldDiv.style.display  none newDiv.style.display  block  codepre  pI want to be able to call the function with a number in the bracket like...p  precodeonclickswap22 codepre  pAnd then have the newDiv variable change based on that number like so...p  precode var newDiv  document.getElementByIdproductpage2 codepre  pHow can I go about doing thisp
Negative 110 pIve got a list of checkboxes and an ImageButton with an OnClick event in my page, clicking the ImageButton performs a postback and runs the OnClick event finep  pThe trouble is that I want to move the div to be the first child of the codeltformgtcode so that I can make it appear in a modal window  Ive done this using the prototype.js code...p  precodedocument.observedomloaded, function       if .CheckboxListContainer.lengthgt0               var modalShadow  document.createElementdiv         modalShadow.setAttribute class, MyFormModalShadow           modalShadow.style.width  document.viewport.getWidth  px         modalShadow.style.height  document.viewport.getHeight  px          var modalDiv  document.createElementdiv         modalDiv.setAttribute class, MyFormModal           var checkboxesDiv  .CheckboxListContainer[0]         checkboxesDiv.remove          modalDiv.appendChild checkboxesDiv           form[0].insert top modalShadow          form[0].insert top modalDiv           Event.observewindow, resize, function              if .MyFormModalShadow.lengthgt0                  var modalShadow  .MyFormModalShadow[0]                 modalShadow.style.width  document.viewport.getWidth  px                 modalShadow.style.height  document.viewport.getHeight  px                               codepre  p... which works fine, but the ImageButton is no longer triggering my OnClick event on postback.p  pIs there a way to move my div around in the DOM and retain its postback abilitiesp
Negative 110 pAre there any JavaAndroid libraries that have implemented the inverse fourier transform  Ive found a few that implement the fourier transform but none that implement its inverse.p
Negative 110 pSimple question, I believe  It is my understanding that an imaginary IEnumerator object is being used when I use a foreach loop over an IEnumerable object.  My question is as followsp  pHow can I catch illegal behavior in foreach loops dealing with my objects  I specifically want to see if my original object from which the IEnumerable was created has been modified.  If the original has been modified, I want to throw an exception.  p  pMy current approach has been to use a version number.  This works great if I create an explicit iterator and use a MoveNext or somesuch, but foreach loops seem to trick my versionbased approach. p
Negative 110 pHow do you make a select date menu using the current month until the end of the yearp  pFor example... if displayed the drop down today it would show September to December only as options to the user.p  pThis is the code I have so far but it shows months prior to September as well. p  precode    ltphp  currmonth  datem month  array 1gtJanuary, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December select  ltselect namemonthgtn foreach month as key gt val      select . tltoption val.key.     if key  currmonth          select .  selectedselectedgt.val.ltoptiongtn      else          select . gt.val.ltoptiongtn       select . ltselectgt echo select gt codepre
Negative 110 pi have edit text on main activity i need to access this edit text on my sub class ......p  pthis is my main activity p  precodeprivate EditText et1     private EditText et2, et   int dec  et.getText.toString.length1  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.main      et1  EditText findViewByIdR.id.editText1     et2  EditText findViewByIdR.id.editText2     et  et1     gLib  GestureLibraries.fromRawResourcethis, R.raw.gestures       glip1  GestureLibraries.fromRawResourcethis, R.raw.gestures1      if gLib.load          Log.wTAG, could not load gesture library         finish          GestureOverlayView gestures  GestureOverlayView findViewByIdR.id.gestures     common myHandler  new common     gestures.addOnGesturePerformedListenermyHandler  codepre  pthis is my classp  precodepublic class common implements OnGesturePerformedListener        Override     public void onGesturePerformedGestureOverlayView gestureView,             Gesture gesture          System.out.printlnguster          ArrayListltPredictiongt predictions  gLib.recognizegesturei have to acces glip from main activity          ArrayListltPredictiongt predictions1  glip1.recognizegesture          one prediction needed         if predictions.size gt 0 ampamp predictions.get0.score gt 2.0              String prediction  predictions.get0.name              checking prediction              if prediction.equalsA                   and action                 et.appendA i have to access edit text from main activity                  et.getText.insertet.getSelectionStart, A                             codepre
Negative 110 pI just cannot grab my Apps source code, as per the steps documented here  a hrefhttpdevcenter.heroku.comarticlesfacebookcreateanapp relnofollowhttpdevcenter.heroku.comarticlesfacebookcreateanappap  pI have all steps followed correctly as mentioned in a few other related posts. p  ul liValid Heroku account created.  li liLogged into Heroku from command prompt.  li liUploaded a valid key li liAdded the port strong22strong to the list of exceptions in my firewall settings.li ul  p[FYI  Im on Windows 7]p  pEven after all these, I still get the followingp  pcodessh connect to host heroku.com port 22 Bad file numbercodep  pObviously, ssh to heroku.com fails as well.p  pAny help is greatly appreciated.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to make a OS X application that automatically hides H, not minimize all other applications when it is launched, and I cant seem to get it to work. This is what I have for accomplishing this so far...p  precode voidawakeFromNib      [super awakeFromNib]      [[NSWorkspace sharedWorkspace] launchAppWithBundleIdentifiercom.Developer.myApp                                                          optionsNSWorkspaceLaunchAndHideOthers                                   additionalEventParamDescriptorNULL                                                 launchIdentifiernil]  codepre
Negative 110 pI am working on web app in which I am using javascript on client side to handle validationcalling backend cgi scripts etc kind of things.Now my problem is the WebGUI has become some what slow than it was earlier.Actually everything is working fine as expected but this issue. I know that there may be many issues which are directly affecting the speed of application. After all all the application is depended on cgi script response but still is it possible to make the app faster by taking care of certain javascript functions  So can you please suggest that what are the steps I should take care to make javascript execution some what faster i.e less number of LOC Thanks in advance...p
Negative 110 pWhat is the best way to have your own homegrown Javabased implementation of AspectOrientedProgrammingp  pP.S. The possible argument would be to use Spring AOP, but I have a project that is not Spring based, and has to be that way and hence have to fallback to my own implementation.p
Negative 110 pI have two tables that look like thisp  precodedbo.ReviewType     ReviewTypeId INT PRIMARY KEY     ShortName CHAR1  Unique Index     Description  dbo.Review    ReviewId INT PRIMARY KEY    ReviewTypeShortName CHAR1  FK to ReviewType    ... codepre  pA Review always has a ReviewType.br A ReviewType can be associated with many reviews.p  pIm having trouble mapping this in Entity Framework using the Code First Fluent API. It seems like it does not like me using a foreign key that doesnt map to the Primary Key. Im using a foreign key to a Unique ConstraintIndex instead of to the Primary Key.p  pHow can I map this properly in Entity Framework using Cp  pI should note that the way I am doing it right now is giving me this errorp  pcodeSystem.Data.Edm.EdmAssociationConstraint  The types of all properties in the Dependent Role of a referential constraint must be the same as the corresponding property types in the Principal Role. The type of property ReviewTypeCode on entity Review does not match the type of property Id on entity ReviewType in the referential constraint ReviewTypeReviews.codep
Negative 110 pI have an issue that hopefully someone could advise me on.p  pI am creating an enterprise iPhone application that will capture information and write it to a local server.p  pDepending on which of our sites the user is at will depend on which server the information is written to.p  pI have created a webservice which I can consume in monotouch and pass it information which it will then write to a SQL database on the local server. The problem I face is how do I go about doing this for all of our locations If i put a web service at each location then each location will need its own version of the app that write using their webservice all the servers are on the same network and are not separatep  pCan I dynamically consume a webservice by passing the relevant URLp  pShould I be taking another approachp  pAny advice would be appreciated.p
Negative 110 pSince the ECMA262 specifications Javascript has gained the emObject.freezeem method, which allows for objects, whose properties can not be changed, added or removed.p  precodevar obj  a1, b2 Object.freezeobj Object.isFrozenobj        returns true obj.a  10                  new assignment has no affect obj.a                       returns 1 codepre  pSo far so good.p  pI am wondering, whether freeze should also work on Arrays.p  precodevar arr  [1, 2] Object.freezearr Object.isFrozenarr       returns true arr[0]  10 arr                        returns [10, 2] ... ouch codepre  pMaybe I am wrong, but I was under the impression, that Array inherits from Object.p  precodetypeof obj                  object typeof arr                  object codepre  pAny ideas, pointers, enlightenments would be highly appreciated.p
Negative 110 pSo, Ive a GUI that basically allows the user to iteratively process data. Thus, there is a startstop button and a display that shows the current state of the data. When you click the start button, the callback function calls the data processing function shown belowp  precodefunction result  processdatadata     result  0     for bigloopbigstartbigend         for smallloopsmallstartsmallend             result  resultdata in reality just some fancier matrix ops         end     end codepre  pMy problem is how to implement the stop buttons callback so that it returns from processdata after the current iteration of the small loop.p  pRight now I do this by modifying the processdata code to be as followsp  precode    function result  processdatanewdata         result  0         for bigloopbigstartbigend             for smallloopsmallstartsmallend                 result  resultdata in reality just some fancier matrix ops new code start                  if interruptflag                     return                 end new code end               end         end codepre  pHowever, I really want the interruption to be handled from the GUIs end so my code isnt littered with interrupt checks My real code would involve this kind of thing emveryem often, and the user would sometimes need to change the processdata function.p  pIs this possible I imagine it would involve making all of the looping variables observable properties, and then waiting for smallloop to change, but I cant figure out details of how to go about implementing the callback.p
Negative 110 pCan the codeundertest in PEX be constrained to a single method I am aware you can constrain it to assemblies and classes, but what about membersp  pI am essentially trying to achieve 100 code coverage for the following methodp  precodepublic virtual bool GetLastSymbolstring symbolHint, out string symbol      if symbolHint  null              throw new ArgumentNullExceptionsymbolHint           IEnumerableltstringgt symbols     symbol  this.VariableHints.TryGetValuesymbolHint, out symbols  symbols.Last  null      return symbol  null  codepre  pThe following PUT achieves strong1215strong code coverage, because Im only testing for 1 of the possible 2 values it can returnp  precodefound  symbolManager.GetLastSymbolsymbolHint, out symbol PexAssert.IsFalsefound codepre  pTo achieve full coverage for this PUT, I need to change the objects state so that the method hits both branches. I could satisfy this by using separate PUTs using a factory method to setup the different states, but this would leave me with 2 PUTs with incomplete code coverage, rather than 1 PUT with full coverage. I realise emin theoryem the 2 PUTs would have a combined coverage of 100, but I need that 100 figure emin practiceem so I can setup CI properly.p  pSo, to reach the other branch in the same PUT, I must append the following code to the above 2 linesp  precodesymbolManager.CreateSymbolsymbolHint  Ensure next call returns true. found  symbolManager.GetLastSymbolsymbolHint, out symbol PexAssert.IsTruefound codepre  pPresumably the code coverage for the codeGetLastSymbolcode method is now 100, but because Ive introduced another method call to the type under test, the code coverage now drops to strong2029strong.p  pHow can I constrain a PUT to only measure code coverage for a single method I realise I may have misunderstood this metric entirely, so please explain why if this is the case p
Negative 110 pI am trying to connect to sql server 2005 database. Its not in the same LAN. I am Getting  error like p  precodeAn error has occurred while establishing a connection to the server. When connecting to SQL Server 2005, this failure may be caused by the fact that under the default settings SQL Server does not allow remote connections. provider TCP Provider, error 0  A connection attempt failed because the connected party did not properly respond after a period of time, or established connection failed because connected host has failed to respond. codepre  pin local LAN i am able to connect with using IP amp TCPIP port number and instance namep  pis there any solution for thisp
Negative 110 pI am a new to MVC an need a little help.p  pIn my view I make an ajax post as below.p  precode function PostCheckedPdfe               var values  new Array             inputchecked.eachfunction   values.pushthis.value              .postUnregisteredUserPreviewDownloadPdfInvoice,              checkedList values          codepre  pThis post the values of any checkboxes that are checked inside a third party Grid component Telerik. The Action method receives the array fine and loops through each value rendering a pdf report and putting the report into a ZipStream which is attached to the Response. After the loop the zipstream is closed and I return Viewp  pWhen the Action is invoked through the .post it runs through the action method but nothing happens in the browser.p  pIf I call the Action through an action link with a couple of hard coded value instead of passing the checked boxes values the zip file with all the pdfs is downloaded.p  pWhat am I doing wrong or how can I post the checked values with an ActionLinkp  pThanks in Advancep  pToby.p
Negative 110 pUsing a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryhh21204828vVS.10329.aspxRxa, I desire pause and resume functionality in the following codep  h2How to implement Pause and Resume h2  precode    static IDisposable subscription      static void Mainstring[] args              Subscribe         Thread.Sleep500          Second value should not be shown after two seconds         Pause         Thread.Sleep5000          Continue and show second value and beyond now         Resume           static void Subscribe              var list  new Listltintgt  1, 2, 3, 4, 5          var obs  list.ToObservable         subscription  obs.SubscribeOnScheduler.NewThread.Subscribep gt                      Console.WriteLinep.ToString             Thread.Sleep2000         ,         err gt Console.WriteLineError,          gt Console.WriteLineSequence Completed                    static void Pause               Pseudocode         subscription.Pause           static void Resume               Pseudocode         subscription.Resume      codepre  h2Rx Solutionh2  ul lipI believe I could make it work with some kind of Boolean field gating combined with thread locking codeMonitor.Waitcode and codeMonitor.Pulsecodepli lipBut is there an Rx operator or some other reactive shorthand to achieve the same aimpli ul
Negative 110 pI have a page which basically loads using ajax, but I want to switch sevrel elements of it, most notably  the codelttitlegtcode tag without sending sevrel XHR requests, so I want to load an entire page to a jQuery object, and use its elements, sop  psomething along the linep  precodehref  httpmyurl.commypage.php dom   dom.loadhref text  dom.childrentitle.text codepre  pIm fiddling with this quite a while, and no success, Thanks p
Negative 110 pI need to execute 5  10 commands from a Java application that runs on windows and linux to an SSH server and show the output of these commands in a JFrame. The output could be thousands of lines. I chose GanymedSSH for SSH communication and executed the startShell method which gave me the login message and last login info but when I try to write to the OutputStream its not working.p  pThe following line outputs the last login and OS infop  precode whileline  outputReader.readLine  null         System.out.printlnline      codepre  pBut, the following code does not seems to work as expectedp  precodeOutputStream inputToShell  shellSession.getStdin inputToShell.writeb codepre  pDo I need to implement terminal logic If so, I just need to execute some commands and then show the output to the user, how to proceedp
Negative 110 pI have a site up and the search feature was very basic and always has done what it needs to do. I now want to incorperate a value from another table into the search which gets a bit tricky.p  pI want to return a complete set of results from one query, but the new info only relates via id the the data in the other table which I want to return.p  pI currently have p  precodeSELECT       FROM        [TABLE] WHERE        LOWERtitle LIKE search               OR LOWERcontents LIKE search                          AND type  product codepre  pin the other table there is a col called id same as the other which are related and another metavalue.p  pI want to not only do the operation above but also search the metavalue data, if a match get the results from the other table using the id.p  pIf any one understands what I am saying and it is possible then I would be muchly appreciated if you could push me in the right direction.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to get a list of the events with name Party. I also have a list of all of the events, which works fine. So I put this in my pagescontrollerp  precodeevents  Event.all.paginatepage gt params[page] upcomingevents  Event.findbynameParty codepre  pand heres what my homepage looks likep  precodelt if signedin gt     lt linkto Sign up now, signuppath, class gt signupbutton round gt     ltul classusersgt         lt upcomingevents.each do event gt             lt render partial gt eventseventhome, locals gt event gt event gt         lt end gt     ltulgt lt else gt     ltligtlt linkto Users, userspath gtltligt     ltligtlt linkto Events, eventspath gtltligt     ltligtlt linkto Profile, currentuser gtltligt      lth3gtUpcoming Eventslth3gt     ltul classusersgt         lt render events gt     ltulgt lt end gt codepre  pfor some reason when I do findbyname it messes up the .each in the homepage. What am I doing wrong It says .each undefined method.p
Negative 110 pSo I have been trying to run the Facebook Connect example for PhoneGap  Android with no luck. a hrefhttpsgithub.comdavejohnsonphonegappluginfacebookconnect relnofollowhttpsgithub.comdavejohnsonphonegappluginfacebookconnecta p  pThere are some similar threads with the same problem.. conclusion is that Facebook SDK is a moving pointp  pI have succesfully compiled previously apps using phoneGap amp Eclipse. Now following the example for Android. If I do exactly what they suggest. App shows the buttons but nothing happens when I click on them.p  pAfter analyzing the code I have noticed that p  precodefunction initFB try      FB.init appId 45253452345234523, nativeInterface PG.FB      document.getElementByIddata.innerHTML      catch e      alerte     codepre  pthere is a parameter nativeInterface  PG.FB which is nowhere described within Facebook API for this call.. a hrefhttpdevelopers.facebook.comdocsreferencejavascriptFB.init relnofollowhttpdevelopers.facebook.comdocsreferencejavascriptFB.initap  pwhat is more interesting is that when i remove this parameter.. suddenly Login button goes to Facebook page with Error Code API 191.p  pSo my question is what this parameter is supposed to do and why it is not in Facebook APIp  pI have found no info about this parameter in internet. I guess if it would be a case of an outdated FB API there would be some info available.p  pAny ideasp  pThanks,p  pMarcinp
Negative 110 pI admit Im new to both SOAP and Savon, but I got it working with another service, but this one is stumping me.p  pThe WSDL is here a hrefhttpstgwholesale.carsdirect.comwsservicesPingWSDL relnofollowhttpstgwholesale.carsdirect.comwsservicesPingWSDLap  pThe Document when done should look like thisp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltsoapEnvelope xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance                   xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema                   xmlnssoaphttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelopegt     ltsoapBodygt         ltdealerPing xmlnshttpwholesale.carsdirect.comgt             ltrequestgt                 ltpartnergt                     ltpricePlangtintegerltpricePlangt                     ltidgtintegerltidgt                 ltpartnergt                 ltvehiclegt                     ltyeargtintegerltyeargt                     ltmakegtstringltmakegt                     ltmodelgtstringltmodelgt                     lttrimgtstringlttrimgt                 ltvehiclegt                 ltzipcodegtintegerltzipcodegt             ltrequestgt         ltdealerPinggt     ltsoapBodygt ltsoapEnvelopegt codepre  pIf anyone can get close to generating a document like this or give me some pointers I would greatly appreciate it.p  pI tried doing something like p  precodeclient  SavonClient.newwsdl wsdl.document  cp.wsdl response  client.dealerping do soap   ... end codepre  pBut, I got this error  undefined method dealerping for p  pIm pretty much stuck at this point.  My knowledge of both parts of this equation is lacking.p  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pI did a search here already, and havent found a clear answer to my question, so I thought the time was right to post. p  pI have an iOS application that was developed using Xcode 3.2 and SDK 4.2. When I built the bundle, I targeted iOS 3, so that people running older iPhones like my wife who has iPhone 3 with iOS 3.x on it can run the application. The app was also tested on, and runs fine with, the latest 4.x iOS. p  pWith the release of iOS 5, I want to make sure my app is compatible. There is nothing new in iOS 5 that my app uses. I have installed the latest version of Xcode and iOS SDK. My question is this  if I rebuild my app using this new XcodeSDK combination, and set the target iOS level to something older than 5, for backwards compatibility, this still means that my application is built for, and is thus compatible with, iOS5, correct I will of course test it with iOS 5, but I want to be able to claim its supported on iOS5, while still maintaining backwards compatibility.p  pDo I understand correctly how this worksp  pThanksp  pMarkp
Negative 110 pIm trying to create a simple data entry application for the Mac not iPhone. It has an NSTableView inside an NSScrollView which contains an NSTextField into which the user keys data, line by line.p  pWhat I have so far is working okay, except that in order to actually be able to type anything into the text field, you have to press the Enter key first. Then when you press the Enter key at the end, the field leaves edit mode, but the highlight just sits on the same row. Having to press Enter, down arrow, Enter between each row of data entered is not very efficient. p  pWhat I would prefer is that when you press the Enter key, the cursor moves down to the next row and the field is automatically placed into edit mode.p  pI had thought that such a thing should be fairly straightforward, but I have been tearing my hair out all evening without any progress, and I still dont even know which way I should be heading.p  pI tried looking for some attribute settings in the inspectors in Xcode, but couldnt see anything.p  pSearching online, suggestions seemed to keep coming back to somehow using First Responder. Playing around with this, Ive only managed to get the blue highlight ring to move down around my TableView on demand, but this still doesnt seem to put the text field into edit mode nor move to another line.p  pFinally I found some information about subclassing and implementing your own textfields, but this seems like a very long and convoluted way to achieve this.p  pCan someone point me in the right direction as to how to do thisp  pAm I maybe using the wrong kind of control Perhaps something else is more appropriate. Note that each line is distinct, so I dont want things like word wrap etc.p
Negative 110 pIn my app there is the ability to have an endless activity stack. The scenario is that you start on one users page which has a list of people that are friends of that user. You can then click on a friend to go to their page, which looks just like the previous one, where you can then click on another friend to go to their page, and so on...p  pThe big problem I am facing is an endless native heap. I believe I am adding to this heap everytime a view is inflated. After a few iterations of this, I am getting OOM errors consistently, so I have to find some kind of solution. The trick is, I want to maintain the last few activities at minimum for navigating some history.p  pThe best I can come up with is monitor the activity stack, and then start finishing activities when it reaches a certain point. Does that sound like a solid approach, or even further can anyone point me to an implementation of that or another approachp  pThanksp  peditp  pThe stack is very simple. Click on a listrow a friend, go to their page. This is using a normal startActivity call with an intent to the same page you are on, and an intent extra with the user id that will then call the database or a remote api call to get the users data.p  pAlso, to follow up about Dalvik vs Native, I am routinely checking the meminfo dump during my navigation. I am keeping the dalvik heap as small as possible, cleaning out resources in onStop. The native heap grows much quicker. I have no hard references to bitmaps anywhere, but quite a few drawables on the screen from inflations. Would these drawables lead to android killing my activity eventually As best I can tell they just lead to OOM without any of my activities being destroyed preventatively.p  pIf I could manually destroy my activities instead of just stopping them as Android claims to do when low on memory, and keep the destroyed activity on the stack with the state saved, that would be ideal. p  pedit againp  panother key is that these activities will have other activities mixed in with them e.g.p  puser  user  activity a  user  activity b  userp  pso that is why I want to make use of the built in stack, so I know when I have to go to a user activity and when I dont.p
Negative 110 pI created a windows service in VSFileNew ProjectCWindows Services But I dont know how to run and test it.VS says I have to install my windows services to run it.but I Just want to test it and I dont want to install it.Can anybody Help mep
Negative 110 pis it possible to tweet by sending an HTTP post request from our app. If so, can anyone tell how is that done.p
Negative 110 pim stuck authenticating to the strongeurope rackspace cloudstrong with strongpaperclipstrong and strongfogstrong. i also added this line to the credentialsp  precoderackspaceauthurl gt lon.auth.api.rackspacecloud.com codepre  pbut this doesnt change anything. it still tries to authenticate with the us cloud.p  phas anyone got this up and runningp  pthanks in advancep
Negative 110 pI need to have TWO ASPxUploadControl controls on the same Web page. A single UPLOAD button should start the uploading from the both controls. This is simple in Jscript code I call Upload method for the both controls on the server side I handle FilesUploadComplete event on the both controls.p  pBut I have the following problem  my application needs to have  UploadedFiles  lists from the both controls SIMULTANEOUSLY. When FilesUploadComplete event handler is called for the 1st ASPxUploadControl, property UploadedFiles of the 2nd control is null. And, correspondingly, when FilesUploadComplete event handler is called for the 2nd ASPxUploadControl, property UploadedFiles of the 1st control is null.p  pCan I resolve the trouble somehow I could upload the files using Postback  do perform postback of the whole form when the UPLOAD button is clicked. This gives me the both UploadedFiles  lists simultaneously, but leads to another problem  Progress Indicator does not work in Postback mode. This is not acceptable for me  I want uploadcing progress to be displayed. p
Negative 110 pFirst take a look at this question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4918067bashorgoogleclnewlineinastringparameterBash or GoogleCL new line in a string parameterap  pI want to add a variable date into the summary nowp  precodegoogle youtube post videoscatfallsdownstairs.avi Comedy      tags currency of the internet      summary Today is date. Poor whiskers takes a tumble.nShes fine, though, dont worry. codepre  pbut variable wont expand inside single quote in bash.p  pIs is possible to do thatp  pNote a hrefhttpcode.google.compgooglecl relnofollowGoogleCLa is a commandline program written in python. I am on Ubuntu 10.10 with Python 2.6.p
Negative 110 pIm having trouble calling information from a plist in a Detail View Controller from a calloutAccessoryControlTapped method. I can bring up the title and subtitle in UILabels i the Detail View Controller values since they are built into the mapView already but Im trying to also bring up a phone number to the corresponding annotation thats clicked. All the information is typed out in a PList file which Ive used to place pins and call up information on the map.p  pI understand this is a bit of a broad question but Im just trying to get pointed in the right direction since I cant seem to find any good tutorials or references for what Im trying to do. If anyone has any ideas on any material to read or can help me get started, itd be greatly appreciated Thanksp  hr  pHeres is some test XML code from my PList its set up the same way, the content is just edited.p  precodeltdictgt     ltkeygtRootltkeygt     ltarraygt         ltdictgt             ltkeygtAddressltkeygt             ltstringgt123 Main St., New York, NY 55555ltstringgt             ltkeygtLatitudeltkeygt             ltrealgt80.133069ltrealgt             ltkeygtLongitudeltkeygt             ltrealgt99.512423ltrealgt             ltkeygtPhone Numberltkeygt             ltstringgt212 5555806ltstringgt             ltkeygtTitleltkeygt             ltstringgtTest 1ltstringgt         ltdictgt         ltdictgt             ltkeygtAddressltkeygt             ltstringgt321 Main St., Los Angeles, CA 90046ltstringgt             ltkeygtLatitudeltkeygt             ltrealgt38.887794ltrealgt             ltkeygtLongitudeltkeygt             ltrealgt56.302544ltrealgt             ltkeygtPhone Numberltkeygt             ltstringgt310 5557792ltstringgt             ltkeygtTitleltkeygt             ltstringgtTest 2ltstringgt         ltdictgt codepre
Negative 110 pI created a very simple, youtubelike, likedislike buttons, and a greenred rating bar, all works fine except clear votes button, I dont know how to reset values to 0p  precodefunction  var n  1 var m1 .voteUp.clickfunction .good.stop.animatewidth2px this.cssbackground,060 .voteDown.cssbackground,mozlineargradienttop,  5e5e5e 0, 353535 100 votersGood.textn likes this.attrdisabled,disabled   .voteDown.clickfunction .good.stop.animatewidth2px this.cssbackground,C00 .voteUp.cssbackground,mozlineargradienttop,  5e5e5e 0, 353535 100 votersBad.textm dislikes this.attrdisabled,disabled  clear.clickfunction     .message.fadeIn2000.fadeOut2000   codepre  pHow to reset n and m values to 0, so counting can start from 0 p
Negative 110 pConsider these 3 simplified example types I pass up and down I actually only automap between DomainObject and WrapperClass thoughp  precodepublic class DomainObject     public int Prop1 getset    public int Prop2 getset    public int ComputedValue1 getset    public int ComputedValue2 getset   public class DALEntity     public int Prop1 getset    public int Prop2 getset   public class Wrapper     public DALEntity ToFromDB getset    public int ComputedValue1 getset    public int ComputedValue2 getset  codepre  pThe DomainObject is what most of my application deals with, while DALEntity is what my data access layer deals with when CUDing around with the DB.  Notice there are in this case 2 computed values that do not get persisted  rather they are computed externally for this example doesnt matter how.  Hence I would rather not include them in my DALEntity.p  pFor mapping upward srcDALEntity, destDomainObject, Id like to tell Automapper that for any field in DomainObject it doesnt know how to populate, look in this complex property for a property where the name matches.  As I understand it, right now, I need to explicitly specify all the properties manually via MapFrom when I create the mapping.  Would be a real timesaver and less error prone to be able to specify a kind of using statement for how to map.p  pI guess you could call it Projection via hint  p  pIs this currently possiblep
Negative 110 pI am trying to parse a response from a webservice  the response seems to be valid XML, however, I can only parse attributes and somehow the objects do not have a representation for the text values  here is an example p  precode    ltsoapEnvelope xmlnssoaphttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelope xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstancegt ltsoapBodygt ltProduct xmlnshttpcom.etilize.spexlive productId1010043679gt     ltcategory parId135 nameTransparent ampamp Invisible Tapes id1009gt     ltdescriptionsgt     ltdescription type1gtSparco Invisible Tape  0.75ampquot Width x 1000ampquot Length  1ampquot Core  Premium Acetate  Writable Surface  12  Pack  Clear     ltdescriptiongt     ltdescription type2gtSparco Invisible Tapeltdescriptiongt     ltdescription type3gt0.75ampquot Width x 1000ampquot Length  1ampquot Core  Premium Acetate  Writable Surface  12  Pack         Clearltdescriptiongt     ltdescriptionsgt ltProductgt ltsoapBodygt ltsoapEnvelopegt codepre  pI can get the categoryId, Name and parId just fine but the Text values dont even seem to exist  Below is what I see when I do a vardump on the soap Object  notice the descriptions p  precode    stdClass Object      [category] gt stdClass Object                      [id] gt 1009             [name] gt Transparent amp Invisible Tapes             [parId] gt 135               [descriptions] gt stdClass Object                      [description] gt Array                                      [0] gt stdClass Object                                                      [type] gt 1                                               [1] gt stdClass Object                                                      [type] gt 2                                               [2] gt stdClass Object                                                      [type] gt 3                                                      codepre  pAny help in this regard will be appreciated p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pHeres my loopp  precodevoidanalyzeDataWithSearchTermNSString searchTerm       [searchResults removeAllObjects]      NSLognumber of items  i, [itemIDRows count]      for int i  0 i lt [itemIDRows count] i           bool foundResult  FALSE         if [[[itemIDRows objectAtIndexi] lowercaseString] rangeOfString[searchTerm lowercaseString]].location  NSNotFound              NSLogID matches , [itemIDRows objectAtIndexi]             foundResult  TRUE                  if [[[itemNameRows objectAtIndexi] lowercaseString] rangeOfString[searchTerm lowercaseString]].location  NSNotFound              NSLogname Matches , [itemNameRows objectAtIndexi]             foundResult  TRUE                  if [[[barcodeRows objectAtIndexi] lowercaseString] rangeOfString[searchTerm lowercaseString]].location  NSNotFound              NSLogbarcode Matches , [barcodeRows objectAtIndexi]             foundResult  TRUE                  if [aliasRows objectAtIndexi]  [NSNull null]              if [[[aliasRows objectAtIndexi] lowercaseString] rangeOfString[searchTerm lowercaseString]].location  NSNotFound                  NSLogalias Matches , [aliasRows objectAtIndexi]                 foundResult  TRUE                                if foundResult              NSNumber result  [NSNumber numberWithInti]             NSLogfound result             [searchResults addObjectresult]           else              NSLogno result was found this time                    if isScanning      do something different       codepre  pThe problem seems to occur if I have set isScanning to true its a bool and run the method analyzeDataWithSearchTerm a second time.p  pBasically this loop checks if the item is already in a purchase order. If not the item is offered to be added. Next time the item is scanned the loop runs and goes through and should detect the item as being in the purchase order. Ive setup break points but the second time the loop runs only 2 items in the order it finds one result, gets to the line codefoundResult  TRUEcode, doesnt set the bool to true, and the whole method just stops. It never even makes it to p  pcodeif foundResult  codep  pAny ideas why this might be happeningp
Negative 110 pIn the Android SampleSyncAdapter there is the following piece of codep  precode   Adds a profile action     param userId the userId of the sample SyncAdapter user object   return instance of ContactOperations   public ContactOperations addProfileActionlong userId      mValues.clear     if userId  0          mValues.putSampleSyncAdapterColumns.DATAPID, userId         mValues.putSampleSyncAdapterColumns.DATASUMMARY, mContext             .getStringR.string.syncadapterprofileaction         mValues.putSampleSyncAdapterColumns.DATADETAIL, mContext             .getStringR.string.viewprofile         mValues.putData.MIMETYPE, SampleSyncAdapterColumns.MIMEPROFILE         addInsertOp          return this  codepre  pI added this as filter for my activityp  precode    ltintentfiltergt         ltaction androidnamestringsyncadapterprofileaction gt         ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt         ltdata androidmimeTypevnd.android.cursor.itemvnd.myapp.profile             androidhostcontacts gt      ltintentfiltergt   codepre  pwhere SampleSyncAdapterColumns.MIMEPROFILE  vnd.android.cursor.itemvnd.myapp.profilep  pI added a contact and I can see the entry but when I click on it nothing happens. What should I do to start an activity when the user clicks on it I was trying to do what is suggested a hrefhttpgroups.google.comgroupandroiddevelopersmsg85f9304dfcc4e284 relnofollowHerea for Prehoneycomb devices  bThe trick is to insert a data row, Edit in MyApp, which would take the user to your app and your app  would then provide an editor activitybp
Negative 110 pphp code p  precodeltphp  if issetFILES[image]      errors  array     allowedext  array jpg,gif,png,jpeg      filename  FILES [image][name]     fileext  explode., filename     fileext  end fileext     fileext  strtolowerfileext     echo fileext     filesize  FILES [image][size]     filetmp  FILES [image][tmpname]      if inarrayfileext, allowedext          errors[]  File extension is not allowed.           if filesize gt 2097152           errors[]  File size is greater than 2 megabytes.           if counterrors gt 0          foreach errors AS error              echo error . ltbr gt               else          filename  md5microtime...fileext         if moveuploadedfilefiletmp, avatarfolder.filename                  gt codepre  phtml code p  precodeltdiv idformpartgt ltform action methodPOST enctypemultipartformdatagt     ltpgt         ltinput typeFILE nameimagegt         ltinput typesubmit valueuploadgt     ltpgt  ltformgt ltdivgt lt end formpart gt codepre  pNow , The problem is as you can i see i am specifying the images file type in array to allow specific extensions to be uploaded and prevent others and return error message if file type does not exist in this array but when i test this with video files the file is not uploaded to the upload directory but the error message does not display although it is displayed when i upload txt,rar,pdf, etc..... , Why is that and how can i fix it p
Negative 110 pI have an amp character in one of the xml nodes as below.p  precodeltdependentsgt9 amp 5ltdependentsgt codepre  pWhen I try to load the file as below, it is giving an error  An error occured while parsing EntityName.. Is it possible to escape this character and load successfully Thank you.p  precode mInputXMLDoc  new XmlDocument         if System.IO.File.ExistsInputFile                      mInputXMLDoc.LoadInputFile          codepre
Negative 110 pHow do I pass a target, blank, to the js a hrefhttpsdeveloper.mozilla.orgenJavaScriptReferenceGlobalObjectsStringlink relnofollowlinka methodp  precodex  my link to google x.linkwww.google.com  lta hrefwww.google.comgtmy link to googleltagt codepre  pif its not possible is there an alternative method I could usep
Negative 110 pWe have a few servers recently moved to new provider wellknown, Germany one.  Configuration are same, those are i72600 CPU, 16Gb RAM machines, 1Gbit cards conneted to router at 100Mbitp  pOS is Centos 6, Application is LAMP Apache 2.2.15, PHP 5.3.8 APC 3.1.9, MySQL 5.5.18, Memcached daemons running on each machinep  pPHP pages called by proxycomponent written in Java 100300 timessec depends on users number There is no any swapping on servers, no warnings in varlogmessages, Load average is about 0.51.0 on application servers  and 2.0  3.0 at MySQL. There no bottlenecks in application we are gathering metrics, standart time needed for rendering responce always around 0.015 seconds p  pThe problem is following sporadically, we seeing timeouts in proxycomponent going in row during 23 seconds. Often timeouts equals to 3000, sometimes 9000 and rarely to 21000 milliseconds this is somehow connected to SYNpackets This even happens if proxy components placed on same machine with PHPapplication ApachePHPp  pWe also noticed thatp  ol lithreads on Mysql are during this timeouts have Reading from net statuses. li liDuring timeouts Apache status page fills quickly 13 seconds with W processes so all processes became in W, some in C statusesli liTimeouts mostly appears when traffic increasing evening, and this problem disappears when traffic starts going down eveningnightli liDuring timeouts Load average increases to 5.0  20.0li ol  pThings which I tried and they do not helpp  ol liI played a lot with sysctlnet variables somaxconn, buffers, this does not help li liTurning off firewallli liTurning off APC disabled its usage in codeli liSwitching to persistent  connections in PHP and from MySQL to MySQLili ol  pJust now I found that iperf showing drop down in bandwidth during timeoutsp  precode Client connecting to localhost, UDP port 5001 Sending 1470 byte datagrams UDP buffer size  122 KByte default  [  3] local 127.0.0.1 port 54006 connected with 127.0.0.1 port 5001 [ ID] Interval       Transfer     Bandwidth ... [  3] 266.0266.5 sec  24.0 MBytes   402 Mbitssec [  3] 266.5267.0 sec  24.4 MBytes   410 Mbitssec [  3] 267.0267.5 sec  24.0 MBytes   402 Mbitssec [  3] 267.5268.0 sec  24.4 MBytes   410 Mbitssec [  3] 268.0268.5 sec  24.0 MBytes   402 Mbitssec [  3] 268.5269.0 sec  18.6 MBytes   312 Mbitssec  [  3] 269.0269.5 sec  2.42 MBytes  40.6 Mbitssec [  3] 269.5270.0 sec  7.87 MBytes   132 Mbitssec [  3] 270.0270.5 sec  2.30 MBytes  38.5 Mbitssec [  3] 270.5271.0 sec  2.84 MBytes  47.7 Mbitssec [  3] 271.0271.5 sec  5.59 MBytes  93.8 Mbitssec [  3] 271.5272.0 sec  3.42 MBytes  57.4 Mbitssec [  3] 272.0272.5 sec  2.83 MBytes  47.5 Mbitssec [  3] 272.5273.0 sec  13.5 MBytes   227 Mbitssec [  3] 273.0273.5 sec  24.2 MBytes   407 Mbitssec [  3] 273.5274.0 sec  24.1 MBytes   404 Mbitssec [  3] 274.0274.5 sec  24.3 MBytes   408 Mbitssec ... codepre  pNotice, that only iperf client was launched with iperf c localhost i0.5 b5000000000 t3000 command.p  pWhat is the issue which leads to such timeouts Is this CentOSrelated p  pThanks, Arsenp
Negative 110 pI have a div that I need to dock to the right.p  pThis is what I didp  precodeltdiv stylefloatrightgt codepre  pand although it does put the div on the right, it puts at the bottom. I already have a div and I want the right div to start at the top just like the left one, but it is starting at the bottom.p  pHere is how it looksp  precode                                                         codepre  pPlease help me.p
Negative 110 pI am doing lazy loading and almost done with it. But would like to implement a progress dialog with it because it takes about 10seconds between starting the activity and finishing displaying the contents. Once I click on a button to start, it stays at the current pageMain.java for about 4 second before moving to the next pageActivity.java. Then it takes about 24 seconds to display contents. p  pTried the examples available here and on the net but they arent working well able to display the dialog but unable to do a proper dismiss after content are all downloaded.p  pQuestion is, how can I implement a progress indicator immediately once the user clicks on the buttonp  pActivity.javap  precodepublic void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.main              listListViewfindViewByIdR.id.list                adapternew LazyAdapterthis, mStrings, dStrings      list.setAdapteradapter       private String[] mStrings   private String[] dStrings    public Activity      String imageC       String textC        try           Get the URL from text box and make the URL object          URL url  new URLtargetURL           Make the connection         URLConnection conn  url.openConnection         BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReader          new InputStreamReaderconn.getInputStream          String line  reader.readLine         Pattern sChar  Pattern.compileamp.         Matcher msChar  sChar.matcherline         while msChar.find line  msChar.replaceAll          while line  null               ifline.contains....                               int startIndex  line.indexOf....  6                 int endIndex  line.indexOfgt, startIndex  1                 String abc  httpwww.petschannel.com                 String imageSrc  line.substringstartIndex,endIndex                 complete full url                 String xyz  abc imageSrc                 xyz  xyz.substring0,xyz.indexOf                 xyz  xyz                  imageC  xyz                                   mStrings  imageC.split                 line  reader.readLine                           ifline.contains....  false                              line  reader.readLine                           if line.containsGnametag                              int startIndex  line.indexOfGnametag  10                 int endIndex  line.indexOflt, startIndex  1                 String gname  line.substringstartIndex,endIndex                 textC  Name gname n                                          if line.containsLast Update                              reader.close                                                                           Close the reader         reader.close       catch Exception ex          ex.printStackTrace                         codepre
Negative 110 pI am using MVC 3. How do I access the data sent by fnServerParams in an aoData object on the controller Thanksp  pUPDATE This is the jquery I am trying to use...p  precode function GenerateRows    var serverParams   invoiceDate , contractID     serverParams.invoiceDate   InvoiceDate .val  serverParams.contractID   ContractID .val    invoiceRows .dataTable        Table style     bPaginate false,     bLengthChange false,     bSort true,     bAutoWidth false,     bFilter false,     bServersSide true,     bJQueryUI true,     oTableTools          aButtons [],         sRowSelect single     ,     sDom Tltcleargtlfrtip,       Server Parameters     fnServerParams function  aoData               aoData.push  name invoiceDate, value 20121010       ,       Aajax Call     sAjaxSource InvoiceGetDailyRateBillingRows,     bProcessing false,     bRetrieve true,     aoColumns [                      sName Detail ,                      sName Qty ,                      sName Price ,                      sName RowTotal                  ]    codepre  pAction Method  needs to receive the invoice date and contract idp  precode Method to return InvoiceRows for DailyRate billing             public ActionResult GetDailyRateBillingRowsjQueryDataTableParamModel param               Hard coded. Need to receive parameters from Ajax post. DataTables request.         DateTime invoiceDate  new DateTime2012, 12, 31         int contractID  1           int contractDayRate  db.Contracts.Wherec gt c.Id  contractID.First.UnitRate          ListltInvoiceRowgt invoiceRows  new ListltInvoiceRowgt          ListltDateTimegt businessDaysOfMonth  new ListltDateTimegt          var firstDayOfMonth  new DateTimeinvoiceDate.Year, invoiceDate.Month, 1         var lastDayOfMonth  firstDayOfMonth.AddMonths1.AddDays1          var holidays  db.Holidays.Whereh gt h.DateOfHoliday gt firstDayOfMonth ampamp h.DateOfHoliday lt lastDayOfMonth           Get all the week days into businessDaysOfMonth         for DateTime date  firstDayOfMonth date lt lastDayOfMonth date  date.AddDays1                      if date.DayOfWeek  DayOfWeek.Saturday ampamp date.DayOfWeek  DayOfWeek.Sunday                 businessDaysOfMonth.Adddate                    Now remove the matching public holidays.         foreach var item in holidays                      businessDaysOfMonth.Removeitem.DateOfHoliday                    .. and create list of invoiceRow items.         foreach var item in businessDaysOfMonth                      invoiceRows.Addnew InvoiceRow  InvoiceID  0, ItemPrice  contractDayRate, RowDetail  GetDateStringitem, RowQty  1, RowTotal  contractDayRate                    var result  from c in invoiceRows                      select new[]  c.RowDetail, c.RowQty.ToString, c.ItemPrice.ToString, c.RowTotal.ToString           return Jsonnew  eEcho  param.sEcho, iTotalRecords  invoiceRows.Count, iTotalDisplayRecords  invoiceRows.Count, aaData  result , JsonRequestBehavior.AllowGet           private string GetDateStringDateTime date              return date.ToStringdddd dd MMM yyyy           protected override void Disposebool disposing              db.Dispose         base.Disposedisposing       codepre
Negative 110 pI am currently working on a project, and I am trying to implement Protocol Buffers to work as a serialization format to store data on the local computer, and then be read back at a later time. Some of the features of protocol buffers seem perfect for this project so I was eager to test it out but I have run into some issues.p  pSo far though, I have not even been able to get far enough to test out Protocol Buffers. I downloaded the most recent zip file version 2.4.1 to my windows machine. I read through the install.txt located in the root of the folder, but it was for Unix based systems. I then saw that it came with a vsprojects folder and read through the instructions listed there. Basically, all I was told to do was open up  a solution, and then build the entire solution in either Debug or Release. I instantly received several errors about config.h not being found. p  pI checked over the Unix instructions again and step one was...p  blockquote   ol   licodecd to the directory containing the packages source code and type   .configure to configure the package for your system.  If youre    usingcodecsh on an old version of System V, you might need to type    codesh .configure instead to preventcodecsh from trying to execute    configure itself.li   ol      pRunning configure takes awhile.  While running, it prints some        messages telling which features it is checking for.p blockquote  pSo I booted into ubuntu, which I rarely use, and tried follow these instructions. The step listed above went fine and I was even able to get to the next step and make  the project, but then when the time came to use make install I received the following errorsp  precoderossubuntuDesktopprotobuf2.4.1 make install Making install in . make[1] Entering directory homerossDesktopprotobuf2.4.1 make[2] Entering directory homerossDesktopprotobuf2.4.1 make[2] Nothing to be done for installexecam. test z usrlocallibpkgconfig  binmkdir p usrlocallibpkgconfig binmkdir cannot create directory usrlocallibpkgconfig Permission denied make[2]  [installpkgconfigDATA] Error 1 make[2] Leaving directory homerossDesktopprotobuf2.4.1 make[1]  [installam] Error 2 make[1] Leaving directory homerossDesktopprotobuf2.4.1 codepre  pmake emem [installrecursive] Error 1p  pI primarily use windows for development, and the entire project I am working with now is being made in windows, so I am a little concerned. Has anybody had any luck building Protocol Buffers in either windows or linux p  pThank youp
Negative 110 pIm using the a hrefhttpcode.google.comchromeextensionsexperimental.webRequest.htmleventonBeforeRequest relnofollowcodechrome.experimental.webRequest.onBeforeRequestcodea callback where I need to find the URL of the tab making the request before returning from codeonBeforeRequestcode.p  pThis would usually be the referring URL in the HTTP request but I also want the URL where there is no referrer sent such as HTTPS to HTTP requests.p  pThe only thing I found was a hrefhttpcode.google.comchromeextensionstrunktabs.htmlmethodget relnofollowcodechrome.tabs.getcodea which is asynchronous.p  pWhat would be the best approach to get the tab URL before returningp  pI have two ideas on solving thisp  ol liUsing something similar to codeManualResetEventcode, though a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma113142733236this answera says it is not possible.li liListen to some other event and record each tab URL in a local structure.li ol
Negative 110 pIm writing a small DLL component that needs to access two third party components to combine data, one of which is 32 bit only and the other is 64 bit only. Both are registered with a TypeLib and are Automation compatible, so marshalling should not be an issue.p  pIf I understood the documentation correctly, then there is no way to force loading in a surrogate unless the component also has an AppID and the DllSurrogate key since both are third party components, Im somewhat reluctant to modify their registration.p  pIs there a way to activate an object in a component without an AppID in a surrogate process from a DLL component that ideally does not have any extra dependencies, or can anyone explain to me why this would be a bad ideap
Negative 110 pI try to write a functor to call a boost function with bind and some template. So i have this main p  precodeint     functionchar c     stdcout ltlt c ltlt stdendl    return 0   int main      Functionltint chargt fb  boostbindampfunction, 1     fbc     return 0  codepre  pand this is my class codeFunctioncode p  precodetemplatelttypename Fgt class Function  private     F       functor  public     Function              thisgtfunctor  NULL           FunctionF func              thisgtfunctor  func           template lttypename Pgt     void    operatorP arg              thisgtfunctorarg           void    operatorF func              thisgtfunctor  func       codepre  pi have a problem  when i try to compile i have these errors  p  precodeerror C2440 initializing  cannot convert from boostbibindtltR,F,Lgt to FunctionltFgt IntelliSense no suitable userdefined conversion from boostbibindtltint, int char, boostbilist1ltboostarglt1gtgtgt to Functionltint chargt exists   codepre  pSomeone can help me p
Negative 110 pWhat I want to do is, read a file with multiple words in a single line and then add each word in 2d arraylist. This should be such that [[kevin,kevin,kevin][jobs,jobs,jobs]]p  pthe code below works well but it does like this [[kevin,kevin,kevin,jobs,jobs,jobs]] p  pIt should be done by using nested for, but can someone please helpp  precodepublic void getReference throws IOException              String linenull              connectReadcomputer             this is a method that reads a file in a format kevin kevin kevin kevin             try                              reference.addnew ArrayListltStringgt                 while linebufferedReader.readLinenull                                      st  new StringTokenizerline                       for  int i  0  i lt st.countTokens  i                                                     reference.geti.addst.nextToken                         reference.geti.addst.nextToken                         reference.geti.addst.nextToken                         reference.geti.addst.nextToken                                                          System.out.printlnreference                  bufferedReader.close                          catch  IOException e                              System.out.printlne                          codepre  ptext in file looks something like thisp  pkevin usa hacker wozniak usa hacker jobs usa hackerp
Negative 110 pI have something that looks like thisp  precodemy report  new ReportGenerator custom object my dbh  dbcgtprepareSELECT  FROM sometable WHERE somecondition DBI handle dbhgtexecute whilemy href  dbhgtfetchrowhashref     reportgtprocessrecordhref  dbhgtfinish print reportgtprintReport codepre  pMy problem is that each iteration of the loop is very slow. The problem is the MySQL. I was wondering if it was possible to put some kind of wrapper in the while loop to make it fetch more than one record at a time, at the same time, fetching all records into memory is not practical either. I am not worried about the efficiency of the codehashref vs arrayref,etc... Rather, I am interested in fetching lets say 10000 records at a time.p  pThe database has 5 Million records. I can not changeupgrade the server.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI am struggling with designing a codecoreDatacode model where I have only one type of entry called ToDo. Each ToDo entry has either 0, 1, 2, ... , or n relationships to other sub entries just like ToDo. So the relationships between the ToDo entries design a tree structure with an undefined number of child nodes. The following graphic should illustrate the case E  core data entryp  precode            E                                                                                                              E  E  E                                                                         E     E                                             E E E           codepre  pMy guess was to model that data like illustrated in the following graph. I didnt choose the inverse relationship because Xcode made a manytomany relationship out of it which doesnt match the tree design. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGVVWj.png altenter image description herep  pAlso I saw in the codedata model inspectorcode something called parent entry. So I started to believe I might have to create a second entry named ToDoChild with the same attributes and make the other entry to the parent entry. The manual tells me that this might be the wrong path to go...p  pQuestionsp  ol lipstrongHow can I model this approach within the core data model filestrong Is one of the ones mentioned correctpli lipstrongHow will I be able to fetch all ToDo entries of a specified parent nodestrong Since they arise from the same entry I have problems to address the exact ToDo subtree I want.pli ol
Negative 110 pMy app collects various types of information and sends it off to our server. Some of the questions are of fixed type so I need to use Pickers. When Ive used pickers before they are initialised when the app starts with the array of selections. I had thought I would use different pickers through various subViews. Would it be better to use just one Picker and then reset the array used dynamically. If so how do I do thisp
Negative 110 pI have an app on the mac and iPad that stores many images in the core data backed database. Previously they were images from URLs so there was no worries I just went from URL to data. But now I am creating thumbnails from the URL then saving it into the database. The issue I have is that I want to store them as NSData, but cant seem to find a format that I can store using the mac app, that the ipad version will be able to recognize and create an image from. p  pI tried, p  precodeNSBitmapImageRep bitmapRep  [[NSBitmapImageRep alloc] initWithFocusedViewRectNSMakeRect0, 0, image.size.width, image.size.height] codepre  pbut then I get an error that Ipad does not recognize the data in DB and is incompatible.p  panyone have ideas or found a solution to this problem p
Negative 110 pHeres my situationp  pI have a RESTful WCF service running on my server, the service is meant to get various types of data about people from a database and makes that data available as a single JSON object. It works greatp  p[EDIT]There is another service that maintains an image cache in the file system on the server. When a request is sent to the RESTful service, that service then requests an image from the image service. If the image is already in the cache same width, height and person as the request, it returns that as a byte array. We MUST use this service to retrieve images.p  pNow what I want is the image of that person. In our database, the image is a long raw ew. However, I have dealt with that issue already previous paragraph. The image is now a Byte array. I am pretty new to android and I am not sure what the best way to retrieve this image is. What I thought I could do was add the byte array to the JSON object and then use the base64 decoder to convert it into a drawable image. However, everytime I try, it times out and tells me it expected , or ] at some arbitrary index of the char buffer for the JSON object.p  pI have been able to pull the small bits of data out of the JSON object without an issue, but now that there is a huge byte array in it, the JSONObject hates me. What would be a better way to get this image from my servicep
Negative 110 pAssuming I have two tables, one with the following columns called leaseperiodp  blockquote   ptenanttradingname, suiteid, leaseid, buildingidp blockquote  pand another, called leaseperiodaudit with the followingp  blockquote   pauditdate, audittype, tenanttradingname, suiteid, leaseid, buildingidp blockquote  pEach time a record is updated on leaseperiod and entry is made on leaseperiodaudit with a status of Updated. Im trying to find all updates made only to the tenanttradingname field but havent had any success. So far I have the followingp  precodeselect              lpa. from                property.leaseperiodaudit lpa inner join          property.leaseperiod lp on lpa.suiteid  lp.suiteid and lpa.leaseid  lp.leaseid and lpa.buildingid  lp.buildingid where               audittype  Updated                     and lp.tenanttradingname ltgt lpa.tenanttradingname order by            1 desc   codepre  pWheres the flaw in my thought process here How can this be done  how should I be thinking about thisp
Negative 110 pI have been attempting to install the pygame module on my macbook pro running snow leapord. the python version i am running on is 3.2p  pI have been following instructions from a hrefhttpprogramming.itcarlow.iePyGameInstall.pdf relnofollowherea in order to build and install the module from source.  when running the build i get the following warning many timesp  pQuotep  blockquote   blockquote     pfile was built for i386 which is not the architecture being linked x8664p   blockquote blockquote  pwhen running the python IDLE i am able see the pygame module listed as on of the available modulesp  pbut when i try to import the module i receive the followingp  pQuotep  blockquote   blockquote     pimport pygame     Traceback most recent call last     File , line 1, in      import pygame     File LibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions3.2libpython3.2sitepackagespygamestronginitstrong.py, line 95, in      from pygame.base import      ImportError dynamic module does not define init function PyInitbasep   blockquote blockquote  pI am assuming that this is some sort of linking issue but i do not know how to approach solving it... would very much appreciate any thought as i do not have any programming bg whatsoever.p  pI just tried Michaels answer out but received the following new errorp  blockquote   blockquote     blockquote       pimport pygame       Traceback most recent call last         File , line 1, in            import pygame         File LibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions3.2libpython3.2sitepackagespygamestronginitstrong.py, line 95, in            from pygame.base import        ImportError dlopenLibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions3.2libpython3.2sitepackagespygamebase.so, 2 Symbol not found PyCObjectAsVoidPtr         Referenced from LibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions3.2libpython3.2sitepackagespygamebase.so         Expected in flat namespace        in LibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions3.2libpython3.2sitepackagespygamebase.sop     blockquote   blockquote blockquote  pany ideasp
Negative 110 pI want to write a function so that I can execute commands like sop  precodeButton.glow codepre  pWhat do I have to override, or how do I have to structure the glow function so that I can call it the way I do abovep
Negative 110 pIm developing in C a Unix application consisting of a server that has to communicate simultaneously with at most five clients. Clients send to server a command which can be codetuttomaiuscolo alltoupper in englishcode or codetuttominuscolo alltolowercode and a string to manipulate the server receives the two strings and remove from the second word all the characters that are not codeaz AZcode characters. If a client sends the string codeFINE endcode the server has to stop and die whitout leaving zombie processes.p  pThe problem is the connection between the client and the server. To do this Ive used the function codeselectcode in server and in client too, but the problem is that the codeselectcode placed in the server that monitors the reading doesnt see the client request, so it never goes to the codeacceptcode function, while the client codeselectcode that monitors the writing returns a value that means it is ready for writing. p  pNow Ill post the codep  pcodeservercodep  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltsyssocket.hgt include ltsystypes.hgt include ltarpainet.hgt include ltnetinetin.hgt include ltunistd.hgt include ltsignal.hgt include ltwait.hgt include ltctype.hgt  void ripulisci char stringa void minuscola char orig, char dest void maiuscola char orig, char dest void handlerint  int list int sock  int main       int status  creo un socket da mettere in ascolto list  socket AFINET, SOCKSTREAM, 0 if list lt 0      perrorError     exit1   preparo la struct sockaddrin struct sockaddrin address address.sinfamily  AFINET address.sinaddr.saddr  INADDRANY address.sinport  htons2770  effettuo il bind status  bindlist, struct sockaddr ampaddress, sizeofaddress if status lt 0      perrorError     closelist     exit1   mi metto in ascolto listenlist, 1 printfAttendo le connessioni...n  preparo le variabili necessarie per gestire i figli int esci  1 pidt server[5] char comando[15] char lettura[512] char scrittura[512] struct sockaddrin client int clientsize  sizeofclient fdset fd FDZEROampfd FDSETlist, ampfd struct timeval timer  genero i quattro figliserver e mi salvo i pid in un array int index for index0  indexlt5  index      server[index]  fork     if server[index]  0         break   verifico quale processo sono if index  5      pause aspetto un segnale da uno dei figli   sono un figlioserver else      whileesci          timer.tvsec  1         timer.tvusec  0         if selectlist1, ampfd, NULL, NULL, amptimer lt 0              printfNessun client da serviren             continue                  if FDISSETlist, ampfd             continue         printfC un clientn         sock  acceptlist, struct sockaddr ampclient, socklent ampclientsize         if sock lt 0             break         printfConnesso con il clientn         recvsock, comando, 15, 0         recvsock, lettura, 512, 0         if comando[0]  F ampamp comando[1]  I ampamp comando[2]  N ampamp comando[3]  E ampamp comando[4]  0             killgetppid, SIGALRM al termine dellesecuzione uscir         ripuliscilettura          il comando  tuttomaiuscole         if strcmptuttomaiuscolo, comando  0              maiuscolalettura, scrittura             sendsock, scrittura, 512, 0                   il comando  tuttominuscole         else if strcmptuttominuscolo, comando  0              minuscolalettura, scrittura             sendsock, scrittura, 512, 0                   c stato un errore         else              printf Error Command not foundn             strcpy scrittura, error             send sock, scrittura, 512, 0                  printfDevo terminare         closesock         exit0        termino tutto forindex0  indexlt5  index      waitpidintserver[index], NULL, 0  exit0   void handlerint sig  signalsig, SIGIGN printfIl server sta terminando in seguito ad una richiestan close list close sock exit0   void ripulisci char stringa  int index  0 int app while stringa[index]  0 ampamp indexlt511      if isalphastringa[index]1          app  index         do              stringa[app]  stringa[app1]             app          while stringa[app]  0         stringa[app]  0         index          index  return   void minuscola char orig, char dest  int index  0 do      if orig[index] lt 91         dest[index]  toupperorig[index]     else         dest[index]  orig[index]     index  while orig[index]  0 dest[index]  0 return   void maiuscola char orig, char dest  int index  0 do      if orig[index] gt 91         dest[index]  tolowerorig[index]     else         dest[index]  orig[index]     index  while orig[index]  0 dest[index]  0 return  codepre  pcodeclientcodep  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltsyssocket.hgt include ltsystypes.hgt include ltarpainet.hgt include ltnetinetin.hgt include ltunistd.hgt include lttime.hgt  int main   int descrittoreSocket descrittoreSocket  socketAFINET, SOCKSTREAM, 0  struct sockaddrin address address.sinfamily  AFINET address.sinport  htons2770 address.sinaddr.saddr  INADDRANY printf Connessione in corso...n int ris ris  connectdescrittoreSocket, struct sockaddr ampaddress, socklent sizeofaddress  fdset fd FDZEROampfd FDSETdescrittoreSocket, ampfd struct timeval timer timer.tvsec  1 timer.tvusec  0  if ris gt 1 ampamp selectdescrittoreSocket1, NULL, ampfd, NULL, amptimer gt 0 ampamp FDISSETdescrittoreSocket, ampfd      printf Connessione avvenuta...n     char bufferr [512]     char bufferw [512]     char command [15]     getscommand     getsbufferr     senddescrittoreSocket, command, 15, 0     printfSpedito     fflushstdout     senddescrittoreSocket, bufferw, 512, 0     printfSpedito     fflushstdout     recvdescrittoreSocket, bufferr, 512, 0     printfTrasferito     fflushstdout     if strcmperror, bufferr  0         printf ERROR     printf s, bufferr     fflushstdout  else      printf Impossibile servire il clientn      close descrittoreSocket     exit0  codepre  pWith syntax higlighp  pserver a hrefhttppastebin.com5Nd96JxC relnofollowhttppastebin.com5Nd96JxCap  pclient a hrefhttppastebin.comaSvR6qVM relnofollowhttppastebin.comaSvR6qVMap  pPlease dont hesitate to ask for clarifications if needed.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to use List.fold on a record type that defines an operator overload for codecode, but Im getting a type mismatch error when trying to use the codecode operator as the lambda passed to fold. Heres a simplified snippet that exemplifies my problemp  precode a record type that also includes an overload for  type Person        Name  string Age int      static member    x Person, y Person  x.Age  y.Age codepre  pthe codecode overload works just fine p  precodegt jen  kevin val it  int  87 codepre  pbut say I have a list of personp  precodegt let people  [kevinjen] codepre  pI cant use List.fold to sum all the agesp  precodegt List.fold  0 people  List.fold  0 people   error FS0001 Type constraint mismatch. The type      int     is not compatible with type     Person     The type int is not compatible with the type Person codepre  pIm guessing the problem is that F isnt able to discern the overload of codecode when passed in this fashion, since fold is implicitly typing the list to codeintcode because I used 0 as the accumulator. Im not sure if its possible to get my custom operator overload to work correctly, and if it is possible, what Im missing to make it happen. Im assuming it is possible to make this work because you can use codecode on floats.p  h2edith2  pI understand that the problem is the the type mismatch. As JaredPar writes, I get that I could write a lambda to take two person records and add the ages. Thats not my point. The issue is that it seems to me there should be a way to get the codecode operator overload I already wrote to be acknowledged by fold as a valid overload. p  h2another edith2  pThanks all for your input. One thing thats becoming clear is that it bisntb possible to do what I want, but thats fine. I learned something What Im seeing is that the resolution of operator overloads is such that they dont work in every contextso with codefoldcode there is no strongseamlessstrong way to make codecode passed as a lambda work just like it would when used as an infix ala codejen  kevincode. It makes total sense why this doesnt work right. The resolutions people have suggested to resolve this problem basically are oneoffs to handle the particular issue of codefoldcodewhat Im really after is how to get the correct operator overload to get picked for strongeverystrong situation i.e. codefoldbackcode, etcI didnt want to have to write a bunch of special case code for working over lists. Its pretty clear not what Fs operator overload resolution has some limitations that make it work to a skindeep level, which is fine.p
Negative 110 pI have two pages stronga.example.comstrong and strongb.example.comstrongp  pstronga.example.comstrong includes jQueryp  pstronga.example.comstrong contains an iframe pointing to strongb.example.comstrongp  pboth pages have document.domain set to the same parent domain, strongexample.comstrongp  pHow can I use the jQuery include from stronga.example.comstrong to call .ajax url strongb.example.comstrong  from inside the strongb.example.comstrong iframep  pemIn other words Both pages can currently access the Javascript of one another, but I can not get the AJAX call to function without throwing XSS errors. That is, without including jQuery on b.example.com too. How do I avoid including jQuery twiceemp  pExample of the contents of the iframep  precodeltscriptgt document.domain  example.com  function proxyAjax     var jQueryParent  parent..sub      Chrome gives error XMLHttpRequest cannot load httpb.example.com. Origin httpa.example.com is not allowed by AccessControlAllowOrigin.    jQueryParent.ajax       url  httpb.example.com,       success  function           console.debugSuccess              proxyAjax ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 110 pI run a site that is slowly but surely draining all of the available memory in Apache. Not sure how long its been going on for  the server is set up to autoreboot if the memory limit is reached, and the sysadmin has set up Apache so that the threads are recycled I forget the exact details here... basically it stops the server dying when the memory is all used up.p  pSome tech specsp  ul liPHP 5.3.2li liZend Framework 1.11.7li liDoctrine 2.0.2li liTwig 1.0.0RC2li liZwig links ZendTwig togetherli ul  pWhat Ive managed to find outp  ul liIf I load a page on the website, the memory usage goes up  not dramatically, but if I go to another page the server hasnt freed up any memory from the previous request. However, if I simply reload the current page, it seems to be OK. Im pulling the memory usage info from procmeminfoli liWorking with the sysadmin, we dont think the cron jobs are to blame  the issue where the memory usage keeps going up occurs if you move between a few different pages, even with no cron jobs running at the time.li liI think the leak is occurring in applicationrun within index.php.li ul  pDoctrine may be to blame, but Im not 100 sure. Doctrine is run via the initDoctrine method in the bootstrap. Some of the bits Im using are as followsp  precode    config  new Configuration     arrayCache  new ArrayCache      cache  new DoctrineCommonCacheMemcacheCache     memcache  new Memcache     memcachegtconnectlocalhost, 11211     cachegtsetMemcachememcache     cachegtsetNamespacePDC     ZendRegistrysetpdcmemcache, cache     querygtsetResultCacheDrivercache      configgtsetMetadataCacheImplarrayCache     configgtsetQueryCacheImplarrayCache       Metadata Driver     driverImpl  configgtnewDefaultAnnotationDriverarrayAPPLICATIONPATH.DbEntities     configgtsetMetadataDriverImpldriverImpl       Proxy configuration     configgtsetProxyDirAPPLICATIONPATH.DbProxies     configgtsetProxyNamespaceDppProxies     if APPLICATIONENV  development      configgtsetAutoGenerateProxyClassestrue codepre  pThis is not the complete code  Ive tried to include the parts that I thought might be useful.p  pAny ideas would be much appreciated... Thanks.p
Negative 110 pId like to loop over an associative array and print out the key  value pairs in a nice way. Therefore Id like to indent the values in such a way, that they all start at the same position behind their respective keys.p  pHeres an examplep  precodedeclare A myarray myarray[k 1]value one myarray[key two]value two for key in myarray[] do   echo key myarray[key] done codepre  pThe output isp  precodek 1 value one key two value two codepre  pThe output Id like to have would be for arbitrary key lengthp  precodek 1     value one key two value two codepre
Negative 110 pIn my POM, Ive configured the mavencompilerplugin to exclude a test file using  element and Eclipse automatically detects this in the POM and configure the .classpath file.p  pBut it seems its not the same with Netbeans. Any idea p  pAssuming Netbeans doesnt support this feature, I dont see where I can configure Netbeans to exclude some files from compilation.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIm trying to figure out how the best way to easily send HTTPHTTPS requests and to handle gzipdeflate compressed responses along with cookies.p  pThe best I found was a hrefhttpsgithub.commikealrequesthttpsgithub.commikealrequesta which handles everything emexceptem compression. Is there a module or method that will do everything I askp  pIf not, can I combine request and zlib in some manner I tried to combine zlib and http.ServerRequest, and it failed miserably.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI am trying to create a database in the device storage of a BlackBerry simulator. In the 9300 simulator, I find the folder databases but not the file.sqlite. How can I find this file p  pI use  p  precodeURI myURI  URI.createstorehomeuserdatabasesdatabase.sqlite  DatabaseFactory.createmyURI codepre
Negative 110 pI want to encrypt the audio file how do i achieve it in the iPhone. Is there any framework to get this done.p  pThis is the code i am using to encrypt the file,p  precodeNSData inputData  [NSData dataWithContentsOfFilelocalfilePath.path]   NSString encryptKey[NSString stringWithStringnywleS]        CCCryptorStatus status  kCCSuccess                   NSData encrypted  [inputData dataEncryptedUsingAlgorithmkCCAlgorithmAES128 keyencryptKey initializationVectorSelwyn options0 errorampstatus]   NSData decryptedData  [outputData decryptedAES256DataUsingKeyencryptKey errornil]  codepre  pBut the original file size becomes less after encryption in CBS mode. And also after decryption its the same size as encrypted. Could please help me in this.p  pThanks,p
Negative 110 pI have to parse an HTML document into different new files. The problem is that there are text nodes which have not been wrapped with codeltpgtcode tags, instead they having codeltbrgtcode tags at the end of each paragraph. p  pI want to wrap this text with codeltpgtcode tags using Nokogirip  precodeltdiv idf15gtltbgtFootnote 15ltbgt Catullus iii, 12.ltdivgt ltdiv classpgmonospaced pgheadergtltbrgt ltbrgt End of the Project abcltbrgt ltbrgt  END OF THIS PROJECT XYZ ltbrgt ltbrgt  This file should be named new file.html... ltbrgt ltbrgtltdivgt codepre
Negative 110 pxstream is converting codeampampcode to codeampcode when converting from xml to Java Objects.  I dont want this to happen. How shall I do itp  precode XStream xstream  new XStreamnew DomDriver              xstream.processAnnotationsHelpConfigVO.class             xstream.processAnnotationsProductVO.class             xstream.processAnnotationsPackageVO.class             xstream.addImplicitCollectionHelpConfigVO.class, packages             configVO  HelpConfigVOxstream.fromXMLhelpConfigData codepre  pSecondly, The output XML I am getting from xstream is not formatted. How do I format my xml to make it readablep
Negative 110 pHas anyone tried hosting a multiplayer game server on an android device Im thinking 1 thread each for server and client using NIO for both, and probably 1 more for an offloading thread. Im looking at android devices at API level 10 or so, meaning they probably have single core 1ghz processors. Also, only 1 device needs to run the server perhaps a tabletp  pIve already written almost all the serverclient, etc, but I dont want to waste too much time building and testing something that needs computational more power than the phone can deliver.p
Negative 110 pMy app has a view controller hierarchy set up like thisp  precodeUIViewController      UITabBarController          UINavigationController              UIViewController           UINavigationController                UIViewController  codepre  pWhy my UIViewController  dont get voidwillAnimateRotationToInterfaceOrientationUIInterfaceOrientationtoInterfaceOrientation durationNSTimeIntervalduration methodp  pWhen my app has a view controller hierarchy set up like thisp  precodeUITabBarController          UINavigationController              UIViewController           UINavigationController                UIViewController  codepre  pUIViewController  get voidwillAnimateRotationToInterfaceOrientationUIInterfaceOrientationtoInterfaceOrientation durationNSTimeIntervalduration method.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to pull sport players from my database that are already stored as unicode values. when calling jsonencode it gives up when it hits unicode characters in the format ive gotp  precodevalues  arrayagtBERDYCH, Tom,bgtFEDERER, Roger echo jsonencodevalues codepre  pthe result is p  paBERDYCH, Tom,bFEDERER, Rogerp  pYou can see Tom was cutoff because it reached the unicode characters.p  pI understand jsonencode only handles uxxxx style characters but the problem is my database of thousands of sporting competitors already contains unicode stored values, so somehow I need to convert  type characters into uxxxx without doing updates to my data source.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 110 pI have the followingp  precodeCtempdowork.exe lt input.txt processing....... complete C codepre  pI try thisp  precodeprocessArguments   lt input.txt pathToExe  Ctempdowork.exe startInfo  new ProcessStartInfo                                       FileName  pathToExe,                      UseShellExecute  false,                      WorkingDirectory  FilepathHelper.GetFolderFromFullPathpathToExe,                      Arguments  processArguments                   try       using proc  Process.StartstartInfo      proc.WaitForExit   catch Exception e        Console.WriteLinee  codepre  pand my dowork.exe crashes after Start is called.p  h2Any suggestionsh2  h2Post Question Update.h2  pThank you everyone for your input. I solved the problem using amitgs answer. Extended thanks to Phil for showing likely the best way although I didnt test it out, I can see why it is better. Below is my complete solution. Feel free to copy and modify for your own issue.p  p1 create a console application project, add this classp  precodeinternal class DoWork      private static void Mainstring[] args              var fs  new FileStreamCtempoutput.txt, FileMode.Create, FileAccess.ReadWrite, FileShare.None          var toOutput  Any items listed below this were passed in as args.  Environment.NewLine         foreach var s in args             toOutput  s  Environment.NewLine          Console.WriteLineI do work. Please type any letter then the enter key.         var letter  Console.ReadLine         Console.WriteLineThank you.         Thread.Sleep500          toOutput  Anything below this line should be a single letter.  Environment.NewLine         toOutput  letter  Environment.NewLine          var sw  new StreamWriterfs         sw.WritetoOutput          sw.Close         fs.Close       codepre  p2 Create 1 file Ctempinput.txtp  p3 edit input.txt, type a single letter w and save thats right the file contains a single letter.p  p4 Create a new class library project. Add a reference to nunit im using version 2.2. p  p5 Create a testfixture class, it should look like the following. Note this test fixture is handling external resources, as such you cannot run the entire fixture, instead, run each test oneatatime. You can fix this by making sure all file streams are closed, but i didnt care to write this, feel free to extend it yourself.p  precodeusing System.Diagnostics using System.IO using NUnit.Framework  namespace Sandbox.ConsoleApplication  [TestFixture] public class DoWorkTestFixture       NOTE following url explains how msdos performs redirection from the command line      httpwww.febooti.comproductscommandlineemailbatchfilesmsdoscommandredirection.html      private string workFolder  CTemp     private string inputFile  input.txt     private string outputFile  output.txt     private string exe  dowork.exe      [TearDown]     public void TearDown              File.DeleteworkFolder  outputFile           [Test]     public void DoWorkWithoutRedirection              var startInfo  new ProcessStartInfo                                                              FileName  workFolder  exe,                                 UseShellExecute  false,                                 WorkingDirectory  workFolder                                       var process  Process.StartstartInfo         process.WaitForExit          Assert.IsTrueFile.ExistsworkFolder  outputFile           [Test]     public void DoWorkWithoutRedirectionWithArgument              var startInfo  new ProcessStartInfo                                                              FileName  workFolder  exe,                                 UseShellExecute  false,                                 WorkingDirectory  workFolder,                                 Arguments  inputFile                                       var process  Process.StartstartInfo         process.WaitForExit          var outputStrings  File.ReadAllLinesworkFolder  outputFile          Assert.IsTrueFile.ExistsworkFolder  outputFile         Assert.AreEqualinputFile, outputStrings[1]           [Test]     public void DoWorkWithRedirection              var startInfo  new ProcessStartInfo                                                              FileName  workFolder  exe,                                 UseShellExecute  false,                                 WorkingDirectory  workFolder,                                 RedirectStandardInput  true                                       var myProcess  Process.StartstartInfo         var myStreamWriter  myProcess.StandardInput         var inputText  File.ReadAllTextworkFolder  inputFile          myStreamWriter.WriteinputText           this is usually needed, not for this easy test though          myProcess.WaitForExit          var outputStrings  File.ReadAllLinesworkFolder  outputFile          Assert.IsTrueFile.ExistsworkFolder  outputFile          input.txt contains a single letter w, it will appear on line 3 of output.txt         ifoutputStrings.Length gt 3  Assert.AreEqualw, outputStrings[2]           [Test]     public void DoWorkWithRedirectionAndArgument              var startInfo  new ProcessStartInfo                      FileName  workFolder  exe,             UseShellExecute  false,             WorkingDirectory  workFolder,             RedirectStandardInput  true                   var myProcess  Process.StartstartInfo         var myStreamWriter  myProcess.StandardInput         var inputText  File.ReadAllTextworkFolder  inputFile          myStreamWriter.WriteinputText         myStreamWriter.Close           this is usually needed, not for this easy test though          myProcess.WaitForExit          var outputStrings  File.ReadAllLinesworkFolder  outputFile          Assert.IsTrueFile.ExistsworkFolder  outputFile          input.txt contains a single letter w, it will appear on line 3 of output.txt         Assert.IsTrueoutputStrings.Length gt 3         Assert.AreEqualw, outputStrings[2]         codepre  pp
Negative 110 pI would like to get some advise. I have an application which consist of modules. A module is sliced to 3 parts, so every module has  libraries shared jars, DTOs, beans  swing stuffs  ejb stuffsp  pThe whole is packaged in one ear file and it may contains many ejb jars, currently 3. To handle separated the ejb jars of the particular modules of my application is, I think, the easiest way to manage the whole. Later I would like to use OSGi to handle the modules. But, this is the future.p  pEvery ejb jar has own persistence.xml and it works. I can deploy it, the hibernate creates the tables and I can use my application. But I have that feeling this is not the best or proper solution to handle this multiple ejb jars in one ear situation. I would like to know what is the best or proper solution or what is your suggestion.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 110 pif you see below code leftprofileload.php will load every 9 seconds but the problem is i need to wait 9 second also for initial load.p  pSo how to avoid this probleminitial load p  precodeltscriptgt var autorefresh  setInterval function  .ajaxSetup cache false  previewproject.fadeOutslow.loadleftprofileload.php.fadeInslow , 9000 ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to create a genericized data driven test handler that I can call from my nose tests.  My test file would look likep  precodeimport ScenarioHandler  def testfoo     scenario  ScenarioHandlertestfoo, [1, 2]     scenario.run  def testfoovar     assert var  2  0, Odd codepre  pScenarioHandler would be something like thisp  precodeclass ScenarioHandlerobject      def initself, test, args         self.test  test         self.args  args      def runself         for arg in self.args             yield self.test, arg codepre  pThe problem Im running in to is that I cant figure out how to bubble the generator from codeScenarioHandler.runcode back up to nose.  Ive tried returning the generator from coderuncode in codetestfoocode, and that was no good either.  Is this even possiblep
Negative 110 pI have a simple PHP script with a form that has two select fields, both of which are simply numerical values. The script also has a maximum for the sum of the two fields. Im trying to dynamically filter the second drop down, so that a user cannot select more than the maximum. E.g., if my maximum is 10, the first select dropdown would have 110 in it. A user selecting 6 would then only be able to select 04 in the second select dropdown.p  pI know this should be reasonably straightforward, but Im a total JavaScriptjQuery novice. I emhaveem searched SO and Google, but I dont understand enough of the examples Ive seen to know where to start, let alone figure out how to customise them to my needs. Ive provided the code I have already, which clearly doesnt have any of the filtering I need.p  pSome sample code assume maximum defined alreadyp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     var max  ltphp echo maximum gt ltscriptgt  ltselect namedropdown1 iddropdown1gt ltphp for i  1 i lt maximum i         echo ltoption value.i.gt.i.ltoptiongt    gt ltselectgt ltselect namedropdown2 iddropdown2gt ltphp for i  0 i lt maximum i         echo ltoption value.i.gt.i.ltoptiongt    gt ltselectgt codepre  pThanks in advance.p  pI now have the following piece of jquery in its own .js filep  precodedocument.readyfunction   var max  dropdown1.changefunction      var selectedVal  this.findoptionselected.val     dropdown2 option.removeAttrdisabled.removeAttrselected     dropdown2 option.eachfunction          ifthis.val gt max  selectedVal1             this.attrdisabled, disabled                codepre  pHowever, Im a bit stuck getting maximum from my PHP script into the jQuery. I figure I have to create a JavaScript variable, but not quite sure how to pass it to the jQuery. I can figure out how to do it if I had the jQuery embedded in the same PHP script, just by echoing it out, but not quite so sure about passing it as a parameter.p
Negative 110 pso, basically, ive got a little page that i set a password for, it uses a simple php form to do the checks, p  pi wish to get the information that the form is protecting, by sending the cookie infomation with it, p  pin my java file it already sends a request to the form to get my cookie information, now i wish to send that cookie information back and read the plain text under it, p  phow would i do thisp  pthis is the code i use to get the cookiesp  precode        HttpPost httpost  new HttpPostlocalhostform.php         List ltNameValuePairgt nvps  new ArrayList ltNameValuePairgt         nvps.addnew BasicNameValuePairuser, derp         nvps.addnew BasicNameValuePairpass, derp1          httpost.setEntitynew UrlEncodedFormEntitynvps, HTTP.UTF8          HttpResponse response  httpclient.executehttpost         HttpEntity entity  response.getEntity         EntityUtils.consumeentity          ListltCookiegt cookies  httpclient.getCookieStore.getCookies             for int i  0 i lt cookies.size i                  System.out.println   cookies.geti.toString              codepre  phow do i think request the page again, but sending the cookie back so it does not show the form, but the text the form is hidingp  psorted, using p  precode     URL url  new URLhttplocalhosttest.php      HttpURLConnection conn  HttpURLConnection url.openConnection       conn.setRequestPropertyCookie, cookies       BufferedReader in  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderconn.getInputStream      String String      while String  in.readLine  null           System.out.printlnString            in.close codepre
Negative 110 pI am new to these important features of C, i have already read a few questionanswers on these topics here and googled a few docs. But i am still confused with this... p  pIt would be great if some one can advice me some good online tutorial or book chapter which takes this concepts easy and slow and starts it from the basic.p  pAlso, if some one knows some onhand exercise material that would be great.p
Negative 110 pIm doing LINQ to SQL, and when I add a group clause, it complains that my joining field does not exist.  What am I missing I havep  precodevar q  from f in db.Faults         group f by f.FaultID into groupF         join af in db.AvailabilityFaults on groupF.FaultID equals af.FaultID         select groupF codepre  pThe problem is that it complains that groupF.FaultID does not exist.  If I remove the Group clause, then it works if I change the prefix alias f.FaultID.p
Negative 110 pMy application constructs a lot of logs every day.  I used to use crontab and some Java application to store these data into MySQL. Otherwise I have a manage system , and its functions mainly based on the analysis of these data in MySQL. My application is not running on a single webapp server. So it is not a good way to analyze data based on the log files directly. But as the log file is bigger and bigger, its a long time for crontab to store log files completely, I cannot have a real time analysis. So what optimization can be done to get a real time analysisp
Negative 110 pHow do I write a regex that will match multiline delmitied by new line and spacesp  pThe following code works for one multiline but does not work if the input is  p  pcodeString input  A1234567890nAAAAAnwwwwwwwwcodep  pBy which I mean codematchescode is not true for the input.p  pHere is my codep  precodepackage patternreg  import java.util.regex.Matcher import java.util.regex.Pattern  public class pattrenmatching    public static void mainString[] args       String input  A1234567890nAAAAA        String regex  .[wsw].        Pattern p  Pattern.compileregex,Pattern.MULTILINE      Matcher m p.matcherinput              if m.matches         System.out.printlnmatches found the pattern                  starting at index                  and ending at index       else         System.out.printlnmatches found nothing          codepre
Negative 110 pIs it possible if I have 5 or more buttons to change activity when all of then are pressed. Like when last button is pressed my app should change activity. And it shouldnt matter what button of those five is pressed last.p  pAny ideas p
Negative 110 pI have added GSM support in an android emulator AVD but still cant find telephony feature. I checked using few steps below p  precodeboolean isTelephony  getPackageManager.hasSystemFeaturePackageManager.FEATURETELEPHONY codepre  pisTelephony is false.p  precodeFeatureInfo[] featureList  pm.getSystemAvailableFeatures codepre  pfeatureList does not contain android.hardware.telephony.p  pAre there any steps after add GSM supportp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI dont have code.bashrccode file, I want to create one but how And what does a basic code.bashrccode file contains I am on strongLinux Mint 12strongp  pI want to have a code.bashrccode file, because i have created a folder for codevirtualenvcode and I want to load codevirtualenvwrappercodep
Negative 110 pThere is an option to save SSIS configurations in SQL Server.  It seems like a nice idea.  That way my SSIS package does not need any file access to run.p  pBut the format it is stored in is not user friendly.  Is there a tool out there that lets you view and edit these settings in a friendly mannerp
Negative 110 pI have the following queryp  precodeuse [DB] select  from users codepre  pbut I cannot pass the parameter trough SqlCommand. It works only from the command line tool. It says that DB database does not exist, so the parameter is not passed.p  precode            SqlCommand cmd  new SqlCommandquery, connection             cmd.Parameters.AddWithValueDB, theDatabase             cmd.ExecuteNonQuery codepre  pAny ideasp
Negative 110 pI created my application with Storyboard not realizing till it was to late that iOS4.3 devices will not be supported. Is there an option where I can copy the storyboard views into xibs or programmatically do it at runtime What options do I have without completely starting overp  pKinda makes storyboards useless since alot of people still use iOS4xp
Negative 110 pIn my login page, I impersonate the logged in user.  The user has an account in AD and I have codeIntegrated Security  truecode in my connection strings.  This way, the user should have access to the database. p  pI impersonate using the code below in the login pagep  pcode...codebr codetempWindowsIdentity  New WindowsIdentitytokenDuplicatecodebr codeimpersonationContext  tempWindowsIdentity.Impersonatecodep  pWill this impersonation last until the users session ends  The application calls several other project dlls, which also call the DB, as well as a web service on another server which hits the same DB.p  pIf not, how often do I need to call for impersonation  Lots of DB calls are made throughout.p  pIn other words,br I need Forms Authentication with Anonymous access enabled so that I can show my login screen, but I also need the users AD identity to be impersonatedpreferably, set only once  throughout my applicationp
Negative 110 pI want to force an expensive activerecord database query to test whether a gem I installed, which makes AR queries asynchronous, actually works. I know that in SQL you can do something like codeSELECT sleep5code Is there a way to do this through ActiveRecordp
Negative 110 pI want when tab on row a codeUIViewcode containing two button appear at the center of the cell, so I did the following code p  precode voidtableViewUITableView tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath       how can I get the text of the cell here     UITableViewCell cell  [tableView cellForRowAtIndexPathindexPath]      UIView v  [[UIView alloc] init]      v.center   cell.center      UIButtonbutton1 [[UIButton alloc] init]      button1.frame  CGRectMakev.center.x  5 , v.center.y  , 5 , v.center.y  4       button1.titleLabel.text  Im label 1      [v addSubview button1]      UIButtonbutton2 [[UIButton alloc] init]      button2.frame  CGRectMakev.center.x   1 , v.center.y  , 5 , v.center.y  4       button2.titleLabel.text  Im label 2      [v addSubview button2]      [cell addSubviewv]            ltDetailViewControllergt detailViewController  [[ltDetailViewControllergt alloc] initWithNibNameltNib namegt bundlenil]       ...       Pass the selected object to the new view controller.      [self.navigationController pushViewControllerdetailViewController animatedYES]      [detailViewController release]        codepre  pcodeUIViewcode doesnt appear. How to solve that p
Negative 110 pI am working with the following 16bit assembly codep  precode            .model tiny             .code              ORG 100H  FILENAME       EQU 9EH     DTA Position after execution of searchfirstfile  START                       mov     ah,9            Print start message             mov dx,OFFSET STRSTART             int 21H              mov     ah,4EH      Search first file             mov dx,OFFSET PATH             int 21H             jc  NOFILEFOUND  FILEFOUND              mov     ah,9            Print file found message             mov dx,OFFSET STRFILEFOUND             int 21H                   mov ah,3DH      Open file to write             mov al,01H             mov dx,FILENAME             int 21H              mov     ah,9            Print file opened message             mov dx,OFFSET STRFILEOPENED             int 21H                   mov ah,40H      Write code             mov bx,ax             mov dx,100H             mov cx,44             int 21H              mov     ah,9            Print file written message             mov dx,OFFSET STRFILEWRITTEN             int 21H                   mov ah,3EH      Close file             int 21H              mov ah,4FH      Search next             int 21H             jnc FILEFOUND            NOFILEFOUND             ret  PATH                db      CcomfilesfolderHOST.COM,0 STRSTART       db  program started,0 STRFILEFOUND  db  file found,0 STRFILEOPENED db  file opened,0 STRFILEWRITTEN    db  code written,0              END START codepre  pThis program basically searches the folder codecomfilesfoldercode at the path codeCcomfilesfolderHOST.COMcode and writes its own code to the file that is found.p  pI debugged it using CodeView and found out that it is not able to find the HOST.COM file. Can someone please tell me what is wrongp
Negative 110 pI need to programmatically access a shared directory that is not in my domain with a Smart Card.p  pThere is a question almost identical to this one but the a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions659013accessingasharedfileuncfromaremotenontrusteddomainwithcredentialsanswera uses user name and password. And I need to do it with Smart Card.p
Negative 110 pI find myself writing a lot of code likep  pre putStr foo bar 1 bar 2  print  foo bar 1 bar 2 pre  pThe trouble is, the printed message can get out of sync with the actual executed code. The obvious solution is to autogenerate this code.p  pOne way to do that would be to put all the text in a file, and write a small program that reads the file and generates Haskell source code from it. But another alternative is to use Template Haskell.p  pDoes anybody know how I would go about writing a function that takes a codeStringcode and generates the above code from it Im guessing it should be pretty easy, but TH is not well documented.p
Negative 110 pIm making a website, and, the main part of the website is a canvas where I, through javascript and jquery made an application. For getting input from the user, I was advised to fade in some input fields placed using absolute positioning. It works, but as they fade in, they somewhat displace the rest of the website. Anything I can do to make it not displace the rest of the website Also, be sure to let me know of other ways of getting input from the user.p  pa hrefhttpdl.dropbox.comu48890691index.html relnofollowHereas a link to a hosted version of the website.p
Negative 110 pI have a codeWebBrowsercode control in my C application. The webbrowser is under the users control, that is, he can load any webpage his computer can access on the web of course limited by proxy, hosts file and so on.p  pI need to know and to be notified when there is a javascript call inside the page loaded in the webbrowser component.p  pFirst example given a link like thisp  precodelta hrefjavascriptvoid0 onclickjsFunctgttestltagt codepre  pWhen the user clicks the link I need to know that the function jsFunct has been called.p  pSecond example given a call likep  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     window.setTimeoutjsFunct, 1000 ltscriptgt codepre  pI need to know that, 1 second after the execution of the script, the function jsFunct has been called.p  pThe best thing would be to have an event fired when the function is called. It would also be great if the event could get the javascript code executed, or at least the function name in the arguments.p  pEDITp  pEven if the question is related to the webbrowser component, anything that allows the user to detect javascript activation even via js would be fine, being able to inject a js that handles the javascript event and passes it to the wb control triggering some event that it can handle.p
Negative 110 pI am new to Flex and am having problems figuring out why this eventlistener always returns null for the event.data.  I am trying to implement a simple yesno prompt for data removal. I have included the skinnable container code and the calling mxml. The alertDBclose handler fires I know that but the event.data is empty. thanks for any suggestionsp  pMain mxmlp  precodeprotected function button1clickHandlereventMouseEventvoid     Create an instance of MyAlertPopUp. var alertDBAlertMsgPurge  new AlertMsgPurge  Add an event handler for the close event to check for   any returned data. alertDB.addEventListenerclose, alertDBcloseHandler alertDB.openthis, true   private function alertDBcloseHandlereventPPopUpEventvoid   If commit is false, do data is returned.  rd.text  eventP.data as String return                      codepre  pAlertMsgPurgep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt     ltsSkinnablePopUpContainer xmlnsfxhttpns.adobe.commxml2009         xmlnsslibraryns.adobe.comflexspark         xmlnsmxlibraryns.adobe.comflexmxgt  ltfxScriptgt      lt[CDATA[               public function onClickcommitBooleanvoid      closetrue                                     ]]gt ltfxScriptgt ltsTitleWindow title x75 y300gt      ltsVGroup horizontalAligncenter paddingTop8 paddingBottom8    paddingLeft8 paddingRight8 gap5 width100gt         ltsLabel textWarning all data will be deletedgt         ltsButton labelYes clickclosetruegt         ltsButton labelNo clickclosefalsegt     ltsVGroupgt ltsTitleWindowgt      codepre  p        p
Negative 110 pWhen gettings rows from Cassandra via Pycassa sometimes a codeTApplicationException getslice failed unknown result]code. p  pIm not able to reproduce this Exception nor can I find any documentation on this issue. Right now Im running Cassandra as a single node for development and the Exception is always raised in a context where a lot of concurrent requests are happening.  Id like to know if the reason for this is something like a performance issue or if it is related to something else therefore Id like to know if it may disappear when running more than one node in production.p  pCassandra Version is 1.0.7 and the output from the log is the followingp  precode[DEBUG 174558,253 Thrift transport error occurred during processing of message. org.apache.thrift.transport.TTransportException     at org.apache.thrift.transport.TIOStreamTransport.readTIOStreamTransport.java132     at org.apache.thrift.transport.TTransport.readAllTTransport.java84     at org.apache.thrift.transport.TFramedTransport.readFrameTFramedTransport.java129     at org.apache.thrift.transport.TFramedTransport.readTFramedTransport.java101     at org.apache.thrift.transport.TTransport.readAllTTransport.java84     at org.apache.thrift.protocol.TBinaryProtocol.readAllTBinaryProtocol.java378     at org.apache.thrift.protocol.TBinaryProtocol.readI32TBinaryProtocol.java297     at org.apache.thrift.protocol.TBinaryProtocol.readMessageBeginTBinaryProtocol.java204     at org.apache.cassandra.thrift.CassandraProcessor.processCassandra.java2877     at org.apache.cassandra.thrift.CustomTThreadPoolServerWorkerProcess.runCustomTThreadPoolServer.java187     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runTaskThreadPoolExecutor.java886     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java908     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java680 DEBUG 174558,315 logged out ltUser allowall groups[]gt] codepre
Negative 110 pIve written a homebrew viewport class for a 2D strategy game. The panning with arrow keys and zooming with mouse wheel work fine, but Id like the view to also emhomeem towards wherever the cursor is placed, as in a hrefhttpwww.codinghorror.comblog200705zoomableinterfaces.htmlGoogle Maps or Supreme Commanderap  pIll spare you the specifics of how the zoom is implemented and even what language Im using this is all irrelevant. Whats important is the zoom function, which modifies the rectangle structure x,y,w,h that represents the view. So far the code looks like thisp  precodevoid zoomfloat delta, float mousex, float mousey      zoom  delta     view.w  window.wzoom     view.h  window.hzoom        view.x        view.y    codepre  pBefore somebody suggests it, the following will strongnotstrong workp  precodeview.x  mousex  view.w2 view.y  mousey  view.h2 codepre  pThis picture illustrates why, as I attempt to zoom towards the smiley facep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVm7F2.png althttpoi43.tinypic.com16m21au.jpgp  pAs you can see when the object underneath the mouse is placed in the centre of the screen it stops being under the mouse, so we stop zooming towards itp  pIf youve got a head for maths youll need one any help on this would be most appreciatedp
Negative 110 pCan anyone give examples of using the codesbecode function in codeobtable.elcode  I must be missing something because I havent been able to get it to work with straightup elisp.p  precodename add1x1 results silent beginsrc python return x  1 endsrc codepre  pThis worksp  precode 1  2  3  4  TBLFM 14sbe add1 x 3 codepre  pBut this does notp  precodebeginsrc emacslisp sbe add1 x 2 endsrc codepre  blockquote   perror Wrong type argument sequencep, 2p blockquote  pChanging 2 to a list just aggravates it furtherp  precodebeginsrc emacslisp sbe add1 x list 2 endsrc codepre  blockquote   perror Wrong type argument bufferorstringp, 2p blockquote
Negative 110 pI made application in windows phone Using Windows Phone SDK 7.1 C. But am stuck, I had applied a button for displaying result but my page is full of contents. So can I link this button to a seperate page which will display resultobvious that this page cannot be viewed in any ways else as my result is random and the best part in my application. Thank you.p
Negative 110 pI have a django choice set which I display in a form p  precode    PRIORITIESCHOICES        1, uLow,     2, uMedium,     3, uHigh,     4, uCritical, codepre  pNow when I disable this choice in a form it provides a not selected option which looks like  and the value is . I would like to remove this field. How can I do it p
Negative 110 pIve just made the switch from rvm to strongrbenvstrong and Im trying to use bundler for gem management. After running codebundle installcode and trying to run a simple sinatra app coderuby app.rbcode, I get thisp  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecodeCould not find haml3.1.4 in any of the sources Run bundle install to install missing gems. codepre  pRunning codebundle installcode again had no effect. Also tried codebundle updatecode as suggested by another question response.p  pThis is my Gemfilep  precodesource httprubygems.org  gem sinatra gem haml codepre  pThis is what codebundle showcode producesp  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecode bundler 1.0.22  haml 3.1.4  rack 1.4.1  rackprotection 1.2.0  sinatra 1.3.2  tilt 1.3.3 codepre  pThis is what my app requiresp  precoderequire rubygems require bundlersetup require sinatra codepre  pIm convince that this is some kind of path issue where bundler and rbenv arent playing along. Ive tried looking through rbenvs documentation but was not able to find to anything.p  pemNote In a different sinatra app I get the following when trying to run itemp  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecodeCould not find addressable2.2.7 in any of the sources Run bundle install to install missing gems. codepre  hr  h2Supplemental infoh2  pcodeecho PATHcodebr codeUsersuri.rbenvshimsUsersuri.rbenvbinusrbinbinusrsbinsbinusrlocalbinusrX11bincodep  pcodewhich bundlecodebr codeUsersuri.rbenvshimsbundlecodep  h2Updateh2  pIf I do codebundle install systemcode it works. Although I cant see this as being a viable solution.p
Negative 110 pI would like to start process as user that nonexistent in Windows. Is this possible If not, can I create temporary account with admin rights, start process as this user and delete that account before application closing Thanks for suggestions.p
Negative 110 pIve been reading about web workers in HTML5, but I know JavaScript is singlethreaded.  p  pMy question is p  pHow are web workers doing multithreaded work then or how are they simulating it if its not truely multithreaded  Doesnt seem clear to me here.p
Negative 110 pIm using the Zend framework to access the YouTube Data API. The function below loops through all the videos in a specific playlist on my account and tallies the view count. Right now Ive only got one video in there.p  pWhen the view count reaches a certain number for my testing purposes, 5 views, Id like to set the video to Private.p  pIm using this code example a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comyoutube2.0developersguidephpUpdatingVideoInformation relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comyoutube2.0developersguidephpUpdatingVideoInformationap  precodeyt  new ZendGdataYouTubehttpClient, applicationId, null, developerKey  playlistVideoFeed  ytgtgetPlaylistVideoFeedhttpgdata.youtube.comfeedsapiplaylistsXXXXXX  function playCountplaylistVideoFeed, yt        count  1       totalViews  0       foreach playlistVideoFeed as videoEntry            ensure the video entry is not private         ifvideoEntrygtisVideoPrivate                      add this episodes play count to the total view count           totalViews  totalViews  videoEntrygtgetVideoViewCount             if views are X and I can edit this video, set it to private           iftotalViews gt 5              vidID  videoEntrygtgetVideoId             videoEntryToEdit  ytgtgetFullVideoEntryvidID                 ifvideoEntryToEditgtgetEditLink  null                      putUrl  videoEntryToEditgtgetEditLinkgtgetHref                      videoEntryToEditgtsetVideoPublic                      ytgtupdateEntryvideoEntryToEdit, putUrl                                         count                    return totalViews  codepre  pstrongemEDITemstrongp  pPart 1 of my issue has been solved by including the codeglobal ytcode. The above code no longer returns the following error codeFatal error Call to a member function updateEntry on a nonobjectcode.p  pNow, the remaining problem This doesnt make the video private. Testing with the examples codesetVideoDescriptioncode also doesnt do anything...no errors, no changes. Also, yes, Im over 5 views .p  pAny ideasp  pstrongemEDIT v2emstrongp  pSolved my own issue. I updated the above code to reflect my solution, in case anyone else comes across this.p
Negative 110 pI followed this guide from Wordpress Codex a hrefhttpcodex.wordpress.orgIntegratingWordPresswithYourWebsite relnofollowIntegrating Wordpress with Your Websitea but Im getting the following errorsp  precodeDeclaration of WalkerPagestartlvl should be compatible with that of Walkerstartlvl [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludesposttemplate.php Line 1071 ] Declaration of WalkerPageendlvl should be compatible with that of Walkerendlvl [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludesposttemplate.php Line 1071 ] Declaration of WalkerPagestartel should be compatible with that of Walkerstartel [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludesposttemplate.php Line 1071 ] Declaration of WalkerPageendel should be compatible with that of Walkerendel [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludesposttemplate.php Line 1071 ] Declaration of WalkerPageDropdownstartel should be compatible with that of Walkerstartel [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludesposttemplate.php Line 1116 ] Declaration of WalkerCategorystartlvl should be compatible with that of Walkerstartlvl [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludescategorytemplate.php Line 915 ] Declaration of WalkerCategoryendlvl should be compatible with that of Walkerendlvl [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludescategorytemplate.php Line 915 ] Declaration of WalkerCategorystartel should be compatible with that of Walkerstartel [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludescategorytemplate.php Line 915 ] Declaration of WalkerCategoryendel should be compatible with that of Walkerendel [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludescategorytemplate.php Line 915 ] Declaration of WalkerCategoryDropdownstartel should be compatible with that of Walkerstartel [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludescategorytemplate.php Line 966 ] Declaration of WalkerCommentstartlvl should be compatible with that of Walkerstartlvl [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludescommenttemplate.php Line 1400 ] Declaration of WalkerCommentendlvl should be compatible with that of Walkerendlvl [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludescommenttemplate.php Line 1400 ] Declaration of WalkerCommentstartel should be compatible with that of Walkerstartel [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludescommenttemplate.php Line 1400 ] Declaration of WalkerCommentendel should be compatible with that of Walkerendel [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludescommenttemplate.php Line 1400 ] Redefining already defined constructor for class WPWidget [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludeswidgets.php Line 93 ] Declaration of WalkerNavMenustartlvl should be compatible with that of Walkerstartlvl [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludesnavmenutemplate.php Line 109 ] Declaration of WalkerNavMenuendlvl should be compatible with that of Walkerendlvl [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludesnavmenutemplate.php Line 109 ] Declaration of WalkerNavMenustartel should be compatible with that of Walkerstartel [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludesnavmenutemplate.php Line 109 ] Declaration of WalkerNavMenuendel should be compatible with that of Walkerendel [ On EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludesnavmenutemplate.php Line 109 ] Fatal error Call to a member function addrewritetag on a nonobject in EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludestaxonomy.php on line 333 codepre  pQuite a mouthfull of errors Im on Wordpress v3.3.1 and PHP v5.3.1 My php.ini error reporting is codeerrorreporting  EALL amp ENOTICE amp ESTRICTcode, but not sure if errorreporting is getting override somewhere in the code.p  pI poked around the Wordpress php files and saw the function arguments mismatching issue in codewpincludesclasswpwalker.phpcode, but I dont want to just hotfix it by matching the arguments, without knowing the real issue.p  pDo you have any clue what might be going on herep  pThanks a lotp  pstrongEDITstrong Fixed all the Declaration errors, now just one remainsp  precodeFatal error Call to a member function addrewritetag on a nonobject in EDocumentsworkdevenvxampphtdocsorpblogwpincludestaxonomy.php on line 334 codepre  pIt seems codewprewritecode is not getting defined and its value is emnullem. In fact all global variables are not availble inside codewpincludestaxonomy.phpcodep
Negative 110 pI want to display list of medicines coming from remote database using webservice the output as given belowp  precodemd1 md2 md2...etc codepre  pfor this i wrote the following client but its not working ,error came. please help me for developing windows phone appp  precodepublic partial class Antocids  PhoneApplicationPage    ObservableCollectionltClass1gt p  new ObservableCollectionltClass1gt    public Antocids        InitializeComponent     listBox1.DataContext  p       ServiceReference3.ProductsClient client  new ServiceReference3.ProductsClient     client.getProdDetailsCompleted  new EventHandlerltServiceReference3.getProdDetailsCompletedEventArgsgtclientgetProdDetailsCompleted     client.getProdDetailsAsync      private void clientgetProdDetailsCompletedobject sender, ServiceReference3.getProdDetailsCompletedEventArgs e         p.Clear  assuming you want to clear the data each time you get a new result      foreach var result in e.Result         p.Addresult  here i got the error the error is invalid arguments are passed to overloaded method add       codepre
Negative 110 pI am writing a web page that should store persistent data. In IE, I can simply use Userdata Behavior to store data or objects. Besides, Userdata Behavior offers getAttribute and setAttribute methods to customize the stored objects. p  pBut it is not supported by firefox. With localStorage, I can only store strings with a unique key. My question is is it possible to customize objects stored in localStorage by using similar methods, like getAttribute or setAttribute p  pI want to convert the following code to a new one that should wok under firefox by using localStorage. But I have no idea, how to convert the setAttribute and getAttribute methods. Any idea Thanks a lot in advance. p  precodeltstyle typetextcssgt .storeuserData  behavior urldefaultuserData ltstylegt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt function fnSaveInput    var oPersistoPersistForm.oPersistInput    oPersist.setAttributesPersist,oPersist.value    oPersist.saveoXMLBranch  function fnLoadInput    var oPersistoPersistForm.oPersistInput    oPersist.loadoXMLBranch    oPersist.valueoPersist.getAttributesPersist  ltscriptgt ltheadgt  ltbodygt  ltform idoPersistFormgt     ltinput classstoreuserData typetext idoPersistInputgt     ltinput typebutton valueLoad onclickfnLoadInputgt     ltinput typebutton valueSave onclickfnSaveInputgt ltformgt codepre
Negative 110 pI want to create an animated menu. p  ul lifirst its hidden outside screenli liwhen user taps the screen, it will slide inli liuser can tap it and it do somethingli lithen after 3s it will slide outside screenli ul  pBut problem is it not response when I tap it. Whyp  pexample code All code is in my UIView class.p  precodeshowing  NO box  [[UIView alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMake500,200,200,200] box.backgroundColor  [UIColor redColor]  UITapGestureRecognizer tapBox  [[[UITapGestureRecognizer alloc] initWithTargetself actionselectortapMenuHandler] autorelease] [box addGestureRecognizertapBox]  [self addSubViewbox] codepre  pandp  precodevoid tapMenuHandler UIView obj      Do something     NSLogtap box   codepre  pandp  precodevoidtouchesBeganNSSet touches withEventUIEvent event  if showing       box.frame  CGRectMake500, 200, 200, 200      [UIView animateWithDuration0.5f delay0.3f optionsUIViewAnimationOptionAllowUserInteraction animations          box.frame  CGRectMake500, 200, 200, 200       completionBOOL finished          showing  YES                      [UIView animateWithDuration0.5f delay3.0f optionsUIViewAnimationOptionAllowUserInteraction animations                         box.frame  CGRectMake500, 200, 200,200                      completionBOOL finished                         showing  NO                     ]      ]      codepre  pp  pThank for your help and sorry for my English p  pEdit more detail I tried set start my boxs origin in screen ex. 500,600, It still always response when tap at start point 500,600  even though my box move to another position.p  pUpdate I changed my way to move box outside screen by use NSTimer then its workp  precode[UIView animateWithDuration0.5f delay0.3f optionsUIViewAnimationOptionAllowUserInteraction animations          box.frame  CGRectMake500,200,200,200       completionBOOL finished          isShowMenubar  YES         use NSTimer instead of delay         [NSTimer scheduledTimerWithTimeInterval3.0f targetself selectorselectorhideBox userInfonil repeatsNO]      ]  codepre  pand  p  precodevoidhideBox  [UIView animateWithDuration0.5f delay0.0f optionsUIViewAnimationOptionAllowUserInteraction animations     box.frame  CGRectMake500,200,200,200 completionBOOL finished          isShowMenubar  NO     ]  codepre
Negative 110 pImagine a codePanelcode with an editable codeJComboboxcode and a codeJTextfieldcode in vertical order.p  pThe codeTextfieldcode displays its content with a small padding to the left edge, the codeComboboxcode doesnt. p  pDoes anybody know how I can add this padding to the codeJCombobxcode p  pIve tried setting a renderer but the javadoc saysp  blockquote   pSets the renderer that paints the list items and the item selected   from the list in   the JComboBox field. The renderer is used if the JComboBox is not   editable. If it is editable, the editor is used to render and edit   the selected item.p blockquote  pBest regards  Marcop
Negative 110 pIs it safe to store a password in a SharedObject if it gets saved over https from a Flash based webapp Im not sure if I get the a hrefhttphelp.adobe.comenUSFlashPlatformreferenceactionscript3flashnetSharedObject.html relnofollowAdobe referencea right on this.p  pThanks. Ulip
Negative 110 pHi I have a page that displays all of the contents of my table. Alongisde each row of the table I also have a column containing a checkbox. When the user selects one or more rows by ticking the checkbox and pressing the submit button, I want just those rows to appear in a table on the next page buy.php. I know it is basically a select statement per row that is selected. But I dont know how to approach this. Can anybody help Thanksp  precode        ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN     httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml xmllangen langengt ltheadgt     ltmeta httpequivcontenttype contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt     lttitlegtShoppinglttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltform actionbuy.php methodpostgt ltinput typesubmit valueSubmit gt ltformgt  lth1gtBuylth1gt ltphp  Script 12.7  sopping.php  db  mysqlconnectlocalhost, ,  mysqlselectdbshopping, db  query  SELECT  FROM Items  if r  mysqlqueryquery, db       print ltformgt     lttablegt     while row  mysqlfetcharrayr          print          lttrgt         lttdgtrow[ID]lttdgt         lttdgtrow[Name]lttdgt         lttdgtrow[Cost]lttdgt         lttdgtltinput typecheckbox namebuy[row[ID]] valuebuy gtlttdgt         lttrgt          print lttablegt     ltformgt   else       print ltp stylecolor bluegtErrorltpgt    mysqlclosedb  Close the connection.  gt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pEDIT I tried the suggestion below and I did not get a table. Just the title of the page appeardp  precode            ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN     httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml xmllangen langengt ltheadgt     ltmeta httpequivcontenttype contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt     lttitlegtConfirmationlttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt  lth1gtOrder Detailslth1gt ltphp  Script 12.7  buy.php  db  mysqlconnectlocalhost, ,  mysqlselectdbshopping, db  foreachPOST[buy] as item   query  SELECT  FROM Items WHERE ID  item  if r  mysqlqueryquery, db       print lttablegt     while row  mysqlfetcharrayr          print          lttrgt         lttdgtrow[ID]lttdgt         lttdgtrow[Name]lttdgt         lttdgtrow[Cost]lttdgt         lttrgt          print lttablegt   else       print ltp stylecolor bluegtErrorltpgt     mysqlclosedb  gt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 110 pId like to use Sendgrid WebAPI preferably without SMTP or Swiftmailer using the code below. Is it possibly to pass an entire dynamic webpage to the html params array without creating a long string variable and needing to escape every quote and echo each variable Each email varies significantly so Sendgrids templatemailmerge options will not work for me. Thanksp  pHeres a simple html example mine has much more dynamic contentp  precodelthtmlgt   ltheadgtltheadgt   ltbodygt     ltpgtHi Im ltphp echo name gtltbrgt        ltspan stylecolor 999999 fontsize 11pxgtHow are youltspangtltbrgt     ltpgt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt  url  httpsendgrid.com user  USERNAME pass  PASSWORD   params  array     apiuser  gt user,     apikey   gt pass,     to        gt example3sendgrid.com,     subject   gt testing from curl,     html      gt testing body,     text      gt testing body,     from      gt examplesendgrid.com,      request   url.apimail.send.json   Generate curl request session  curlinitrequest  Tell curl to use HTTP POST curlsetopt session, CURLOPTPOST, true  Tell curl that this is the body of the POST curlsetopt session, CURLOPTPOSTFIELDS, params  Tell curl not to return headers, but do return the response curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTHEADER, false curlsetoptsession, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, true   obtain response response  curlexecsession curlclosesession   print everything out printrresponse codepre
Negative 110 pI have the following in my Global.aspx which is meant for handling errorsp  precodevoid ApplicationErrorobject sender, EventArgs e      Exception exception  Server.GetLastError     if exception  null              Log         if HttpContext.Current.Server  null                     HttpContext.Current.Server.Transfersiteerror.aspx                codepre  pThis works for the most part, but sometimes does not get into Server.Transfer. For some reason HttpContext.Current.Server is null. I figured out where this happens when errors occur in a user control and in my business logic classes. Am I missing something herep  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIm trying to make this mergesort function to sort a vector or word nodes contains word length, number of occurences, and the word itsself It seems to enter the merge function once, then the program fails, any ideasp  precodebool UtilitymergeSortoccurencesvectorltWordgt ampinvector     if invector.size lt 1         return true          vectorltWordgt left, right     int middle  invector.size2     forint i  0  i lt middle  i         left.pushbackinvector[i]          forint i  middle  i lt invector.size  i         right.pushbackinvector[i]          mergeSortoccurencesleft     mergeSortoccurencesright     invector  mergeOccurencesleft, right     return true   vectorltWordgt UtilitymergeOccurencesvectorltWordgt ampleft, vectorltWordgt ampright     vectorltWordgt mergelist     whileleft.size gt 0  right.size gt 0         ifleft.size gt 0 ampamp right.size gt 0             ifleft[0].getOccurences lt right[0].getOccurences                 mergelist.pushbackleft[0]                 left.eraseleft.begin             else                 mergelist.pushbackright[0]                 right.eraseright.eraseright.begin                               else ifleft.size gt 0            mergelist.pushbackleft[0]            left.eraseleft.begin                   else ifright.size gt 0            mergelist.pushbackright[0]            right.eraseright.eraseright.begin                               return mergelist  codepre
Negative 110 pive looked all over stackoverflow and the general internet and i cant find a simple AJAX file uploader Just form submission. The ones i have found arent flexible enough and dont fit my purpose. If i could ajust this script to file uploads, that would be greatp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt  function uploadstr    if str.length0    document.getElementByIdtxtHint.innerHTML  return     if window.XMLHttpRequest      code for IE7, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari    xmlhttpnew XMLHttpRequest      else     code for IE6, IE5    xmlhttpnew ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP      xmlhttp.onreadystatechangefunction        if xmlhttp.readyState4 ampamp xmlhttp.status200            document.getElementByIdhint.innerHTMLxmlhttp.responseText            xmlhttp.openGET,ajaxlink.phpqstr,true  xmlhttp.send   codepre  pp  pIn the HTML i would have p  precodeltinput typefile onbluruploadthis.valuegt codepre  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI stepped into python gui programming and I wanted to know what the best documented GUI builder like GLADE, which Im using right now, however I struggle so much to find some good tutorials or documentation, mostly in the even handling area. I would like also to understand whats the bestdocumented GUI framework. Thanks to anyone who will answer.p
Negative 110 pI generally use orgmode to keep track of TODOs. I have files likep  precode Misc.  TODO Task 1  TODO Task 2  Project 1  TODO Task 1  TODO Task 2 codepre  pWhile archiving whole subtrees like codeProject 1code work as intended, I am not to able to move codeTask 1code in codeMisc.code such that the archive file looks like this ignoring PROPERTIES in this examplep  precode Misc  DONE Task 1 codepre  pIn other words, I want to keep all sections a task belongs to. Is there a quick way to do thisp
Negative 110 pi have this code p  precodesql3  mysqlquery    whilerow3 mysqlfetcharraysql3    sql4  mysqlquery  SELECT ww as yourplace FROM data WHERE ww        .row3[ww]. and iduser  .userid.    row4  mysqlfetcharraysql4    string  ltlt You Here    echo lttrgtlttd width100gtWeek .row3[ww].lttdgt    echo lttd width300 gt.int row3[percent] .lttdgt   echo lttd width300 gt gtltphp echo row4[yourplace] gtltphp lttdgtlttrgt  codepre  phow to replace coderow4[yourplace]code in line 10 by the codestringcode in line 6 .p  pnow coderow4[yourplace]code appears only in specific line in table , so when i use this codep  precoderow4[yourplace]  string  codepre  pthis will replace but will appear in all lines in the table. so i want to be replaced and appears in the specified lines also .p
Negative 110 pI have a requirement to put a strict limit on the number of connections based on a login name and the hostnameport to which the client is connected. p  pAny thoughts on approachp
Negative 110 pI use this code to send data to a Word Template and send to client.p  precode        protected void Button1Clickobject sender, EventArgs e              object missing  System.Reflection.Missing.Value         Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Application WordApp  new Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Application          string DocFilePath           string FilePath  System.Windows.Forms.Application.StartupPath         object fileName  Server.MapPathassetwordtemplatesEstelam.dot         DocFilePath  fileName.ToString          FileInfo fi  new FileInfoDocFilePath         if fi.Exists                      object readOnly  false             object isVisible  true              object LetterNo  LetterNo             object LetterDate  LetterDate             object Attachment  Attachment              object To  To             object From  From              object Fname  Fname             object Lname  Lname             object FatherName  FatherName             object IDNumber  IDNumber             object BirthDate  BirthDate             object BirthLocation  BirthLocation             object PersonelID  PersonelID             object MembershipDate  MembershipDate             object Membership  Membership              object Degree  Degree             object Level  Level             object Guild  Guild             object Janbazi  Janbazi             object Esarat  Esarat             object Education  Education             object Field  Field             object Education2  Education2             object DocLocation  DocLocation              Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Document aDoc  WordApp.Documents.Openref fileName, ref missing, ref readOnly,                ref missing, ref missing, ref missing, ref missing, ref missing, ref missing, ref missing, ref missing,                ref isVisible, ref isVisible, ref missing, ref missing, ref missing              Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Document aDoc  WordApp.Documents.Openref fileName              WordApp.ActiveDocument.FormFields.getItemref LetterNo.Result  TextBoxLetterNo.Text codepre  pthis code work in local good and correct,but when I publish this site and put to my Server I get this error run time.p  blockquote   pThis command is not available because no document is open.   Description An unhandled exception occurred during the execution of   the current web request. Please review the stack trace for more   information about the error and where it originated in the code.    Exception Details System.Runtime.InteropServices.COMException This   command is not available because no document is open.p      pSource ErrorAn unhandled exception was generated during the execution   of the current web request. Information regarding the origin and   location of the exception can be identified using the exception stack   trace below.p blockquote  pwhy it cant open in server How to solve this Errorp  pI use Windows7 , VS2010 , SQLServer2008, office2010 and in Server use Windows Server 2008, IIS7,office2010.p  pWhat I should to do for this error on server p
Negative 110 pHi I have not found a sufficient answer for my problem. I need to return both json data and html from action result invoked by ajax. p  precodeif Request.IsAjaxRequest                      return Jsonnew                                                              val1 Model.val1,                                 val2  Model.val2,                                 val3 Model.val3,                                 Html  PartialViewSearchResult, Model                                       codepre  pWhat do I have to do in ajax success part This is bad try p  precode.ajax         type post,         dataType json,         url actionUrl,         data              specs selections,             params parameters         ,         success function response              maincontent.html response.html             val1 response.val1             val2 response.val2             val3 response.val3         ,         error function xHR              alertxHR.status               codepre  pVal1,2,3 are vars which I need to know because the model data are changing and I need to know this changed values. If you knew better solution how to return back values than json, let me know. But I need to return response html as well to update part of page. Thank you for helping me.p
Negative 110 pOr does the attribute have to be defined outside of any class methodsp  pSo my descriptor object is this.  The IDN object already has some information about the UserNameField, so I want to use it.p  precodeclass UserNameElementbasePageElement     testMethodNameUserNameElement Test method     def initself, IDN, PTF         print creating UserNameElement         self.locator   IDN.UserNameField codepre  pAnd here is my calling class.  Where I want to instantiate the UserNameElement objectp  precodeclass LoginPageObjectbasePageObject     testMethodNameLoginPageObject Test method     print creating LoginPageObject     def initself, BaseURL         superLoginPageObject, self.init         self.usernameUserNameElementIDNself.IDN, PTFself.PTF codepre  pIt seems that the standard process would put the username in in the general class definition, like thisp  precodeclass LoginPageObjectbasePageObject     testMethodNameLoginPageObject Test   method     usernameUserNameElement     print creating LoginPageObject     def initself, BaseURL         superLoginPageObject, self.init codepre  pBut then I dont have the PTF and IDN that I define in the basePageObject class.p  pWhat can I do to make those available when the username attribute is createdp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIm trying to implement the a hrefhttpwww.appelsiini.netprojectslazyloadLazy Loada plugin into my jQueryMobile site to help speed up loadtimes on pages that contain a ton of images.p  pIf I bypass JQMs ajax pageloading by going directly to the URL like this codehttphello.comaboutcode, the lazy loading works great. However, if I clickthrough to the About page from another page, which utilizes JQMs ajax pageloading, Lazy Load doesnt load.p  pThe About page has an id of codeaboutcode  codeltdiv datarolepage datathemea idaboutgtcodep  pIve tried a number of variations of binding to the codepageinitcode function with no success. My latest attempt isp  precodeabout.livepageinit, function      window.loadfunction          img.lazy.lazyload       codepre  pAny guidance on this would be awesome. Thanks guys.p
Negative 110 pIm working with jQuery and the code loaded fine and when I changed around the CSS and now gives me an illegal operation handle for jQuery. and now wont load in Compatability mode.p  precodeSCRIPT1028 Expected identifier, string or number  index.php, line 124 character 1 codepre  pI received from script debugging. I didnt receive this is any other browser.p  pMy jQuery is p  precodeltscript typetextjavascript srclibjsjquery1.7.2.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srclibjsjquery.nivo.slider.pack.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt window.loadfunction  slider.nivoSlider     effect fade,  Specify sets like fold,fade,sliceDown     animSpeed 500,  Slide transition speed     pauseTime 5000,  How long each slide will show     startSlide 0,  Set starting Slide 0 index   ltscriptgt codepre  pCan someone tell where I went wrongp
Negative 110 pIm trying to send an image via bluetooth, i keep getting an error saying Unable to create content to sendp  pThe code is as followsp  precodepublic void onClickView v      Intent i  new IntentIntent.ACTIONSEND     i.setTypeimagejpeg          i.putExtraIntent.EXTRASTREAM, Uri.parsesdcardtest.jpeg       startActivityIntent.createChooseri, Send Image  TODO Autogenerated method stub  codepre  pMany Thanksp
Negative 110 pAs I was told and found on websites, my bean will only be executed if I have a call for it on my code.xhtmlcode.p  pIs it possible to call my bean without any EL expressionp  pI need this because my codeHomeControllercode is calling a method that checks for the session status and on my codehome.xhtmlcode and dont have any need for fall this bean, for now.p
Negative 110 pIm using the plain iframe codes, NOT xfbml was getting fragments appended so reverted to basic iframe.p  precodeltiframe scrollingno frameborder0 styleborder medium none overflow hidden width 92px height 22px positionabsolutetop3pxleft180px allowtransparencytrue srchttpwww.facebook.compluginslike.phphrefhttpwww.xxxxwebsitexxxx.co.ukampamplayoutbuttoncountampampshowfacesfalseampampwidth92ampampactionlikeampampfontarialampampcolorschemelightgtltiframegt codepre  pThe button displays correctly but upon clicking it in firefox, i get the following errorp  precodethis.event is undefined httpstatic.ak.fbcdn.netrsrc.phpv1yWrMrPDatXp7Z.js line 31 codepre  pI think the offending line is thisp  precodedDOMEvent,[copyProperties],functiona,b,c,d,e,fvar gbcopyPropertiesfunction hithis.eventiwindow.eventthis.targetthis.event.targetthis.event.srcElementgh.prototype,preventDefaultfunctionvar ithis.eventi.preventDefaulti.preventDefaulti.returnValuefalsereturn this,stopPropagationfunctionvar ithis.eventi.stopPropagationi.stopPropagationi.cancelBubbletruereturn this,killfunctionthis.stopPropagation.preventDefaultreturn thise.exportsh codepre  pdDOMEventListener,[],functiona,b,c,d,e,fvar g,hifwindow.addEventListenergfunctionj,k,lj.addEventListenerk,l,falsehfunctionj,k,lj.removeEventListenerk,l,falseelse ifwindow.attachEventgfunctionj,k,lj.attachEventonk,lhfunctionj,k,lj.detachEventonk,lvar iaddfunctionj,k,lgj,k,lreturn removefunctionhj,k,ljnull,removehe.exportsi p  pIs this a known issue, ive tried the same code in a plain website as well as disabling all addons to make sure its not compatability problems. p  pIm using firefox 12.0 on a mac.p
Negative 110 pIm working on building a website for a client, which was designed by my supervisor. Early on, it was decided that our navigation would be based on the jQuery TreeView Menu a hrefhttpwww.dynamicdrive.comdynamicindex1treeviewindex.htm relnofollowhttpwww.dynamicdrive.comdynamicindex1treeviewindex.htma.p  pInitially, my supervisors liked the look and functionality of the TreeView navigation. But after I installed and built the navigation, they changed their minds. Now they just want the look of the branches, but with the basic functionality of a drop down menu.p  pIm no jQuery expert, so its incredibly difficult for me to edit the code. But Ive gotten it to do what I wantwith one exception. Id like the sub menus to disappear on mouseout, but they remain there until you move the mouse to another element. Is there a way to do this with the framework Ive got, or should I rebuild from scratch and make it all CSSbasedp  pAnother option would be to keep the hover states of each main navigation link active until you move to another link. At this point, the background image, which serves as the connecting branch disappears on mouseout, while the submenus do not.p  pI basically just want the background image of the main menu items to appeardisappear when the submenu boxes do.p  pThe test site can be seen here a hrefhttptinyurl.com7novfmc relnofollowhttptinyurl.com7novfmcap  pHeres my CSSp  precodenavigation a  color666 textdecorationnone  navigation ahover  colorC93 textdecorationnone  .navlink ahover  colorC93 textdecorationnone backgroundimageurl..imagestreeviewhorizontalline.png backgroundrepeatnorepeat backgroundpositionright paddingright17px  .treeview, .treeview ul  padding 0 margin 0 liststyle none  .treeview ul  backgroundcolor FFF margintop 4px  .treeview .hitarea  background url..imagestreeviewdefault.gif 64px 25px norepeat height 16px width 16px marginleft 16px float left cursor pointer   fix for IE6   html .hitarea  display inline floatnone  .treeview li  margin 0 padding 12px 0pt 16px 16px texttransform lowercase fontsize .75em  .treeview a.selected  backgroundcolor eee  treecontrol  margin 1em 0 display none  .treeview .hover  color C93 cursor pointer  .treeview li ul li  background url..imagestreevieworangeline1.png 0 10px norepeat fontsize 1em margintop24px  .treeview li.collapsable, .treeview li.expandable  backgroundposition 0 176px  .treeview .expandablehitarea  backgroundposition 80px 3px  .treeview li.last  backgroundposition 0 1766px  .treeview li.lastCollapsable, .treeview li.lastExpandable   .treeview li.lastCollapsable  backgroundposition 0 111px  .treeview li.lastExpandable  backgroundposition 32px 67px  .treeview div.lastCollapsablehitarea, .treeview div.lastExpandablehitarea  backgroundposition 0  .treeviewfamfamfam li  backgroundimage url..imagestreeviewfamfamfamline.gif  .treeviewfamfamfam .hitarea, .treeviewfamfamfam li.lastCollapsable, .treeviewfamfamfam li.lastExpandable  backgroundimage url..imagestreeviewfamfamfam.gif  .filetree li  padding 3px 0 2px 16px  .filetree span.folder, .filetree span.file  padding 1px 0 1px 16px display block  .filetree span.folder  background url..imagesfolder.gif 0 0 norepeat  .filetree li.expandable span.folder  background url..imagesfolderclosed.gif 0 0 norepeat  .filetree span.file  background url..imagesfile.gif 0 0 norepeat  codepre  pHeres my HTML with some inline CSSp  precode            ltdiv idHEADERNAVIGATIONgt             ltdiv idMAINNAVIGATIONgt               ltul idnavigationgt                 ltli stylemarginleft60pxgtltspan classnavlinkgtlta hrefabout.htmlgtAboutltagtltspangt                     ltul stylemarginleft40pxmargintop32pxpositionfixedgt                         ltligtOur Approachltligt                         ltligtExperienceltligt                         ltligtGlobal Reachltligt                     ltulgt                 ltligt                 ltli stylemarginleft75pxgtlta hrefprincipals.htmlgtPrincipalsltagtltligt                 ltli stylemarginleft90pxgtltspan classnavlinkgtlta hrefofferings.htmlgtOfferingsltagtltspangt                     ltul stylemarginleft60pxmargintop34pxpositionfixedgt                         ltligtPerformance Improvementltligt                         ltligtOrganizational Transformationltligt                         ltligtSolutions Architectureltligt                         ltligtRisk Managementltligt                     ltulgt                 ltligt                 ltli stylemarginleft75pxgtltspangtlta hreftestimonials.htmlgtTestimonialsltagtltspangt                     ltul stylemarginleft70pxmargintop3pxpositionfixedgt                         ltltligtCase Studiesltligtgt                     ltulgt                 ltligt                 ltli stylemarginleft60pxgtltspan classnavlinkgtlta hrefresources.htmlgtResourcesltagtltspangt                     ltul stylemarginleft65pxmargintop13pxpositionfixedgt                         ltligtStrategic Alliancesltligt                         ltligtPublicationsltligt                     ltulgt                 ltligt             ltulgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv idMAINHEADERIMAGEgtltdivgt         ltdivgt codepre  pAnd heres my jqueryp  precodedocument.readyfunction   first example navigation.treeview     collapsed true,     unique true,     persist location   codepre  hr  precodefunction   .extend.fn,      swapClass functionc1, c2          var c1Elements  this.filter.  c1         this.filter.  c2.removeClassc2.addClassc1         c1Elements.removeClassc1.addClassc2         return this     ,     replaceClass functionc1, c2          return this.filter.  c1.removeClassc1.addClassc2.end     ,     hoverClass functionclassName          className  className  hover         return this.hoverfunction              this.addClassclassName         , function              this.removeClassclassName              ,     heightToggle functionanimated, callback          animated              this.animate height toggle , animated, callback              this.eachfunction                 jQuerythis[ jQuerythis.ishidden  show  show ]  default here is show  hide                 ifcallback                     callback.applythis, arguments                  ,     heightHide functionanimated, callback          if animated              this.animate height hide , animated, callback          else              this.hide             if callback                 this.eachcallback                              ,     prepareBranches functionsettings          if settings.prerendered               mark last tree items             this.filterlastchildnotul.addClassCLASSES.last              collapse whole tree, or only those marked as closed, anyway except those marked as open             this.filtersettings.collapsed    .  CLASSES.closed  not.  CLASSES.open  .findgtul.hide                   return all items with sublists         return this.filterhasgtul     ,     applyClasses functionsettings, toggler          this.filterhasgtulnothasgta.findgtspan.hoverfunctionevent              toggler.applythis.next         .add a, this .hoverClass          if settings.prerendered               handle closed ones first             this.filterhasgtulhidden                     .addClassCLASSES.expandable                     .replaceClassCLASSES.last, CLASSES.lastExpandable               handle open ones             this.nothasgtulhidden                     .addClassCLASSES.collapsable                     .replaceClassCLASSES.last, CLASSES.lastCollapsable               create hitarea             this.prependltdiv class  CLASSES.hitarea  gt.finddiv.  CLASSES.hitarea.eachfunction                  var classes                   .eachthis.parent.attrclass.split , function                      classes  this  hitarea                                   this.addClass classes                                  apply event to hitarea         this.finddiv.  CLASSES.hitarea.mouseout toggler      ,     treeview functionsettings           settings  .extend             cookieId treeview         , settings          if settings.add              return this.triggeradd, [settings.add]                   if  settings.toggle               var callback  settings.toggle             settings.toggle  function                  return callback.applythis.parent[0], arguments                                 factory for treecontroller         function treeControllertree, control               factory for click handlers             function handlerfilter                  return function                       reuse toggle event handler, applying the elements to toggle                      start searching for all hitareas                     toggler.apply div.  CLASSES.hitarea, tree.filterfunction                           for plain toggle, no filter is provided, otherwise we need to check the parent element                         return filter  this.parent.  filter.length  true                                           return false                                            click on first element to collapse tree             aeq0, control.click handlerCLASSES.collapsable               click on second to expand tree             aeq1, control.click handlerCLASSES.expandable               click on third to toggle tree             aeq2, control.click handler                      handle toggle event         function toggler              this                 .parent                  swap classes for hitarea                 .findgt.hitarea                     .swapClass CLASSES.collapsableHitarea, CLASSES.expandableHitarea                      .swapClass CLASSES.lastCollapsableHitarea, CLASSES.lastExpandableHitarea                  .end                  swap classes for parent li                 .swapClass CLASSES.collapsable, CLASSES.expandable                  .swapClass CLASSES.lastCollapsable, CLASSES.lastExpandable                   find child lists                 .find gtul                   toggle them                 .heightToggle settings.animated, settings.toggle              if  settings.unique                   this.parent                     .siblings                      swap classes for hitarea                     .findgt.hitarea                         .replaceClass CLASSES.collapsableHitarea, CLASSES.expandableHitarea                          .replaceClass CLASSES.lastCollapsableHitarea, CLASSES.lastExpandableHitarea                      .end                     .replaceClass CLASSES.collapsable, CLASSES.expandable                      .replaceClass CLASSES.lastCollapsable, CLASSES.lastExpandable                      .find gtul                      .heightHide settings.animated, settings.toggle                                 function serialize              function binaryarg                  return arg  1  0                          var data  []             branches.eachfunctioni, e                  data[i]  e.ishasgtulvisible  1  0                          .cookiesettings.cookieId, data.join                    function deserialize              var stored  .cookiesettings.cookieId             if  stored                   var data  stored.split                 branches.eachfunctioni, e                      e.findgtul[ parseIntdata[i]  show  hide ]                                                  add treeview class to activate styles         this.addClasstreeview           prepare branches and find all tree items with child lists         var branches  this.findli.prepareBranchessettings          switchsettings.persist          case cookie             var toggleCallback  settings.toggle             settings.toggle  function                  serialize                 if toggleCallback                      toggleCallback.applythis, arguments                                           deserialize             break         case location             var current  this.finda.filterfunction  return this.href.toLowerCase  location.href.toLowerCase              if  current.length                   current.addClassselected.parentsul, li.add current.next .show                          break                   branches.applyClassessettings, toggler           if control option is set, create the treecontroller and show it         if  settings.control               treeControllerthis, settings.control             settings.control.show                   return this.bindadd, functionevent, branches              branches.prev                 .removeClassCLASSES.last                 .removeClassCLASSES.lastCollapsable                 .removeClassCLASSES.lastExpandable             .findgt.hitarea                 .removeClassCLASSES.lastCollapsableHitarea                 .removeClassCLASSES.lastExpandableHitarea             branches.findli.andSelf.prepareBranchessettings.applyClassessettings, toggler                  classes used by the plugin  need to be styled via external stylesheet, see first example var CLASSES  .fn.treeview.classes       open open,     closed closed,     expandable expandable,     expandableHitarea expandablehitarea,     lastExpandableHitarea lastExpandablehitarea,     collapsable collapsable,     collapsableHitarea collapsablehitarea,     lastCollapsableHitarea lastCollapsablehitarea,     lastCollapsable lastCollapsable,     lastExpandable lastExpandable,     last last,     hitarea hitarea    provide backwards compability .fn.Treeview  .fn.treeview  jQuery codepre  pThanks for your helpp
Negative 110 pI have a table that is basically set up so there is an codeidUNIQUE,mapID,employeID,code and a value... it looks sort of like thisp  pTablep  precodeID    mapID       employeeid     value 1       1         1               Brian 2       1         1               6175555555 3       1         2               Boston Office 4       1         2               Mary 5       3         1               6176666666 6       3         2               New york office codepre  pI want to loop thru this table so for each same employeeid, I can do an insert statement into another table where it is setup a little cleaner.p  pLike this will give you rough idea of what i am trying to convey.p  precodeSelect  from table where employeid1 foreachitem in aboveSelect     Insert into table2  codepre  pbrObviously this is not the correct syntex.p
Negative 110 pI have a WCF Ajax enabled web service that I call via jquery. It returns fine when I test it by just returning a string. As soon as I add some more functionality, the javascript error callback runs with no useful data. Just says error, readystate0, status0.p  pI can step through the service code and it returns an array of objects succesfully. The client doesnt however.p  pHeres the code.p  precode[ServiceContractNamespace  ] [AspNetCompatibilityRequirementsRequirementsMode  AspNetCompatibilityRequirementsMode.Allowed] public class WebAPI      [OperationContract]     [WebGetResponseFormatWebMessageFormat.Json]     public Person[] GetPeopleGuid groupId              using SchedulerContext context  new SchedulerContext                      return context.People.Wherepgtp.GroupIDgroupId.ToArray                codepre  pAnd on the clientp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     document.readyfunction           .ajax                                      type GET,                     dataType json,                     contentType json,                     data  groupId ae09a0805d7c4e929a87591574b7c4b8 ,                     url WebAPI.svcGetPeople,                     error function error                          alerterror                     ,                     success function msg                          alertmsg.d                                                      ltscriptgt codepre  pstrongUPDATEstrong Inspecting it with fiddler, the http result is 504 and in the raw response tab has the followingp  precodeHTTP1.1 504 Fiddler  Receive Failure ContentType texthtml charsetUTF8 Connection close Timestamp 135246.107  [Fiddler] ReadResponse failed The server did not return a response for this request. codepre  pstrongUPDATE  20120504strong embtw, happy star wars day everyoneem I figured out that the problem was in the JSON serialising. It gives a Circular Reference Exception on my entity model. Still working on a solution.p
Negative 110 pI want to create a before delete trigger. When I delete a record from a table that record has to be inserted into a history table. How can I do this in SQL Serverp
Negative 110 pI know how to implement linked list using array. For example we define a struct as followp  precodestruct Node     int data     int link  codepre  pdata stores the info and link stores the index in the array of next node.p  pCan anybody tell me what is the advantage and disadvantage of implementing a linked list using array compared to ordinary linked list Any suggestion will be appreciated.p
Negative 110 pDoes private variables have the same access as packagedefaultno modifier variables in private classesp  precodepublic class PublicClass       public void test           InnerClass in  new InnerClass          in.name1  a         in.name2  b          in.getName1         in.getName2            private class InnerClass           private String name1         String name2          private String getName1              return name1                   String getName2              return name2                  codepre  pThe method test has access to both name1 and name2, so, what is the purpose of setting private on variables in private classesp  pUpdate A code example how the private keyword actually disallows access would be great.p
Negative 110 pim new to Symfony2, i started to read the documentation and i didnt understand some things   well, i will be more specific on my questions  .Befor i start id like to tell you that my English isnt so perfect but i can understand anything  so dont get ungry if i dont express my self soo well.p  pso, i have an existing data base, to use the FosUserBundle, to log with my users i had to add the Salt field to encode the password of my Enitites, But in the existing dada base, the passwords are not encoded  How can i Encode all the users passwords i have  is there any APPconsol ... to generate the Salt and the encoded passwordsp  pMore question are coming  but let start with this one  thanks for helpingp
Negative 110 pPlease give me code example to insert records containing SQL statementp  precodeinsert into TABLE  id, value1, value2, point, value3  values 1,A, M, POINT 13.45646, 56.61782,5  codepre  pin JDBCPostgresql code.p  pIf anyone has solution of codePreparedStatementcode or anyother useful solution it is highly welcomedp
Negative 110 pi have recently changed my host from emDirect Adminem to emCpanelem and in one of my posts strongurlsstrong, i have a word strongINTOstrong, but problem is in Cpanel when i trying to load this post get 406 not acceptable error codeNot Acceptable An appropriate representation of the requested resource  could not be found on this server. Additionally, a 404 Not Found error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the requestcode question is strongwhats exactly this strange errorstrong and stronghow i must solve itstrong is it a security problem and can i redirect it in htaccessp
Negative 110 pSo Im googling this question and cant really find any clear examples since almost all related stories are about websites with user logins etc.p  pso my scenario is as follows, asp.net MVC3 website, no user login, nothing. I do have some forms on there though, contact and some calculation features.p  pI use Nhibernate, and have my Smtp server credentials in the code itself, not in the web.config. I also have a custom error page and post methods have the [HttpPost] attribute.p  pAs a final feature I have an AJAXjson get method that gets a list of titles.this controller method has the [AcceptVerbsHttpVerbs.Get] attribute.p  pAm I missing some big security holes heresql injection, cross site scripting p  pThanks guysp
Negative 110 pim having a slight problem putting codeifcode statements inside codeifcode statments e.gp  precodeltphp steponeimage  getpostmetapostgtID, steponeimage, true steponecontent  getpostmetapostgtID, steponecontent, true steptwoimage  getpostmetapostgtID, steptwoimage, true steptwocontent  getpostmetapostgtID, steptwocontent, true stepthreeimage  getpostmetapostgtID, stepthreeimage, true stepthreecontent  getpostmetapostgtID, step3content, true if steponecontent  gt ltdiv idprocessPanel classpanelgt     lta hrefcontent1 label1gtStep 1ltagt ltphp if steptwocontent  gt lta hrefcontent2 label2gtStep Twoltagt ltphp  else  gtltphp  gt ltphp if stepthreecontent  gt lta hrefcontent3 label3gtStep Threeltagt ltphp  else  gtltphp  gt     ltdiv idcontent1gt ltpgtltphp images1  helpergtimageDisplaysteponeimage , height , width , true , ar[0] , false, false, , ,false echo ltdiv classimageholdergt images1 ltdivgt gtltpgt ltpgtltphp echo steponecontent gtltpgt ltdivgt ltphp if steptwocontent  gt ltdiv idcontent2gt ltpgtltphp images2  helpergtimageDisplaysteptwoimage , height , width , true , ar[0] , false, false, , ,false echo ltdiv classimageholdergt images2 ltdivgt gtltpgt ltpgtltphp echo steptwocontent gtltpgt ltdivgtltphp  else  gtltphp  gt ltphp if stepthreecontent  gt ltdiv idcontent3gt ltpgtltphp images3  helpergtimageDisplaystepthreeimage , height , width , true , ar[0] , false, false, , ,false echo ltdiv classimageholdergt images3 ltdivgt gtltpgt ltpgtltphp echo stepthreecontent gtltpgt ltdivgtltphp  else  gtltphp  gt ltdivgt ltphp  else  gt ltphp  gt codepre  pIm trying to read post meta data from a wordpress post and if there is a step one meta box filled in it shows the step by step information then if step twos meta box is filled in the it adds step two there and if step threes box is filled it it adds step three etc.p  pmy error is p  blockquote   pParse error syntax error, unexpected TELSEp blockquote  pthis is coming from herep  precodeltpgtltphp echo steptwocontent gtltpgt ltdivgtltphp  else  gtltphp  gt codepre
Negative 110 pI have some image files in server. I need to move or transfer the image files to iPad memory card, so that I can access the image files from the ipad memory card for my iPad application instead of hitting the server to load the image quickly.p  pMy server side is using java. My client side is using phonegap javascript, html, css for iPad.p  pIn server side I am sending the response response.setContentTypeimagegif in image format. But I am not able to write image file in client side using javascript.p  pHow to transfer image file to iPad memory storagep  pPlease help me.p
Negative 110 pSince updating to version 3.0.1 of MonoDevelop, Ive been unable to work with layout files. When I create a new layout file and then try to edit it from the Source tab, I get the following errorp  precodeSystem.InvalidOperationException Layout not yet loaded at Xamarin.AndroidDesigner.DesignerSession.SetLayoutXml System.String xml, Boolean allowUndo [0x000bf] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodevelopmac3.0.16642975fsourcemdaddinsMonoDevelop.MonoDroidXamarin.AndroidDesignerXamarin.AndroidDesignerDesignerSession.cs353  at MonoDevelop.MonoDroid.Gui.LayoutSourceEditorView.SaveContent  [0x00025] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodevelopmac3.0.16642975fsourcemdaddinsMonoDevelop.MonoDroidMonoDevelop.MonoDroidGuiAndroidDesignerView.cs641  at MonoDevelop.MonoDroid.Gui.LayoutSourceEditorView.Deselected  [0x00000] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodevelopmac3.0.16642975fsourcemdaddinsMonoDevelop.MonoDroidMonoDevelop.MonoDroidGuiAndroidDesignerView.cs670  at MonoDevelop.Ide.Gui.SdiWorkspaceWindow.SetCurrentView Int32 newIndex [0x00032] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodevelopmac3.0.16642975fsourcemonodevelopmainsrccoreMonoDevelop.IdeMonoDevelop.Ide.GuiSdiWorkspaceWindow.cs571  at MonoDevelop.Ide.Gui.SdiWorkspaceWindowltAddButtongtcAnonStoreyB0.ltgtm169 System.Object sender, System.EventArgs e [0x00033] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodevelopmac3.0.16642975fsourcemonodevelopmainsrccoreMonoDevelop.IdeMonoDevelop.Ide.GuiSdiWorkspaceWindow.cs488  at MonoDevelop.Components.Tab.OnActivated System.EventArgs e [0x0000d] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodevelopmac3.0.16642975fsourcemonodevelopmainsrccoreMonoDevelop.IdeMonoDevelop.ComponentsTabstrip.cs396  at MonoDevelop.Components.Tab.Activate  [0x00000] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodevelopmac3.0.16642975fsourcemonodevelopmainsrccoreMonoDevelop.IdeMonoDevelop.ComponentsTabstrip.cs244  at MonoDevelop.Ide.Gui.SdiWorkspaceWindow.ActiveDocumentChanged System.Object sender, System.EventArgs e [0x0000b] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodevelopmac3.0.16642975fsourcemonodevelopmainsrccoreMonoDevelop.IdeMonoDevelop.Ide.GuiSdiWorkspaceWindow.cs501  at wrapper delegateinvoke ltModulegtinvokevoidthisobjectEventArgs object,System.EventArgs at wrapper delegateinvoke ltModulegtinvokevoidthisobjectEventArgs object,System.EventArgs at wrapper delegateinvoke ltModulegtinvokevoidthisobjectEventArgs object,System.EventArgs at wrapper delegateinvoke ltModulegtinvokevoidthisobjectEventArgs object,System.EventArgs at wrapper delegateinvoke ltModulegtinvokevoidthisobjectEventArgs object,System.EventArgs at wrapper delegateinvoke ltModulegtinvokevoidthisobjectEventArgs object,System.EventArgs at wrapper delegateinvoke ltModulegtinvokevoidthisobjectEventArgs object,System.EventArgs at MonoDevelop.Ide.Gui.Workbench.OnDocumentChanged System.Object s, System.EventArgs a [0x0000b] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodevelopmac3.0.16642975fsourcemonodevelopmainsrccoreMonoDevelop.IdeMonoDevelop.Ide.GuiWorkbench.cs606  at MonoDevelop.Ide.Gui.DefaultWorkbench.OnActiveWindowChanged System.Object sender, System.EventArgs e [0x00075] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodevelopmac3.0.16642975fsourcemonodevelopmainsrccoreMonoDevelop.IdeMonoDevelop.Ide.GuiDefaultWorkbench.cs749 at Gtk.Notebook.SwitchPageSignalCallback IntPtr arg0, IntPtr arg1, UInt32 arg2, IntPtr gch [0x00000] in ltfilename unknowngt0  codepre  pI havent found a bug indicating others are experiencing this. Could it be a configuration issue of some sort in my environment Im using Mono for Android 4.2.1.196198126.p
Negative 110 pI need to get the node number of an entry but I only have the LOGID. How find that number out p  precodeltLOGgt ltENTRY LOGID01042012gt ltENTRY LOGID03052012gt ltENTRY LOGID09052012gt ltLOGgt codepre  pThanks. Ulip
Negative 110 pIm trying to make a windows phone application that reads a json file from a website. This json file has a repeating group and I cant seem to get the program to read all the groups.p  pThis is an example of the json outputp  precode     program         titleCarl Schmitz,         imageurlhttpqmusic.besites2009.qmusic.befilesNOA.jpg     ,     noa[                      titleBehind Blue Eyes,             artistLIMP BIZKIT,             ituneslinkhttpclk.tradedoubler.comclickp24379ampa1256924urlhttpitunes.apple.combealbumbehindblueeyesid14915153i14915155ampuo4amppartnerId2003         ,                      titleAlone Again,             artistALYSSA REID,             ituneslinkhttpclk.tradedoubler.comclickp24379ampa1256924urlhttpitunes.apple.combealbumaloneagainoriginalmixid496520410i496520415ampuo4amppartnerId2003              ]  codepre  pCan someone explain me how to read this json p
Negative 110 pI am a newbie in mysql, and i encounter a difficult problem for me.p  pI have a table storing some room booking informationp  precoderoomid bookingstarttime bookingendtime codepre  peg.p  precoderoomid   bookingstarttime  bookingendtimeltbrgt 1         20120101 0900    20120101 1100 1         20120102 0900    20120102 1000 1         20120103 0800    20120103 1000 2         20120101 0800    20120101 1000 3         20120101 0800    20120101 0900 codepre  pAnd i have to do a report to extract the utilization of a room in a month, that is the number of hours used in a particular period of time and the format is like the followingp  precoderoom 1 room 2 0900 1000 1000 1100 codepre  pMy question is that how can count the record, if the booking time is across a number of hours like from 900 1100, but i have to mark 1 hour in the period 0900 to 1000 and another 1 hour in the period 1000 to 1100.p  pI really struggle about it.p  pYour replies are really appreciated.p  pThanks a lot.p
Negative 110 pI am developing a JavaEE6 based web application using JBoss7. In my application I am injecting the EntityManager in my EJBs asp  precodeclass ForumServiceEJB      PersistenceContexttypeEXTENDED     private EntityManager em    class TopicServiceEJB      PersistenceContexttypeEXTENDED     private EntityManager em   codepre  pThe problem when I update some data using ForumServiceEJBs EntityManager then the changes are made into DB but TopicServiceEJBs EntityManager is not able to see those changes and the results are always fetched from Cache.p  pI am using ExtendedPerssisteenceContext as My Entities contain child Entity Collections of Lazy Loading type.p  pHow can I useInject EntityManager of type ExtendedPersistenceContext and make different EntityManager in one EJB can still see the changes done by other different EJB EntityManagersp  pSomewhere I read EntityManagers should be RequestScoped objects.p  precodepublic class MyEntityManagerProducers   Produces RequestScoped   public EntityManager createDbEm     return Persistence.createEntityManagerFactoryforumDb.           createEntityManager     public void disposeUdEmDisposes EntityManager em     em.close   codepre  pIs it the way to gop
Negative 110 pIn multiple instances Ive found myself needing to capture the day part of a date formatted like  codeYYYYDDMMcode My question is in whether or not it was a better idea to use a regex with a capturing group vs. just calling split on  and just taking the second item in the arrayp  pFunctionally I realize that BOTH get the same result.    p  pMemorywise, I realize that they BOTH use the regex engine under the hood, and that in most cases Im just discarding the the array after reading the value for day using split.  But technically I do the exact same thing after reading from the codeMatchcode object as well.  Im looking to see if theres any corner cases and tradeoffs I should be considering that Im not  Besides readability... split clearly wins there...p  pEDIT APIwise Im limited to Groovy 1.5.0 for silly legacy reasons.  p  pTo clarify edmasterminds solutionp  precodedef nowCal  Calendar.instance  def currentDay  nowCal.getCalendar.DAYOFMONTH codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to implement pinchtozoom gestures exactly as in Google Maps. I watched a talk by Stephen Woods  a hrefhttpwww.yuiblog.comblog20120223videostephenwoodshtml5touchCreating Responsive HTML5 Touch Interfacesa  about the issue and used the technique mentioned. The idea is to set the transform origin of the target element at 0, 0 and scale at the point of the transform. Then translate the image to keep it centered at the point of transform. p  pIn my test code scaling works fine. The image zooms in and out fine between subsequent translations. The problem is I am not calculating the translation values properly. I am using jQuery and Hammer.js for touch events. How can I adjust my calculation in the transform callback so that the image stays centered at the point of transformp  pThe CoffeeScript codetestresizecode is a codedivcode with a background imagep  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodeimage  testresize  hammer  image.hammer gt   preventdefault true   scaletreshold 0  width  image.width height  image.height toX  0 toY  0 translateX  0 translateY  0 prevScale  1 scale  1  hammer.bind transformstart, event gt    toX  event.touches[0].x  event.touches[0].x  2   toY  event.touches[1].y  event.touches[1].y  2  hammer.bind transform, event gt    scale  prevScale  event.scale   shiftX  toX  image.width  scale  width  image.width  scale   shiftY  toY  image.height  scale  height  image.height  scale   width  image.width  scale   height  image.height  scale    translateX  shiftX   translateY  shiftY    css  translateX  translateX  px translateY  translateY  px scale  scale     image.css webkittransform, css   image.css webkittransformorigin, 0 0  hammer.bind transformend,  gt   prevScale  scale codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to set and then read a Cookie using the Selenium Webdriver.  Adding Cookie works fine.  However, when I am trying to read the cookie, an exception is thrown by Selenium. p  ol liI am using the Java API for Selenium. li liThe test cases are run using TestNG. ver 5.12li liSelenium webdriverhtmlunit version 0.9.7376li ol  pstrongTest case codestrongp  precode      import org.openqa.selenium.WebDriver       import org.openqa.selenium.Cookie       .       .       .       WebDriver driver  ....      Now set the cookie. This ones valid for the entire domain      Cookie testCookie  new Cookie.BuildermyCookie, cookieValue.domainlocalhost.path.build     Works fine till here     driver.manage.addCookietestCookie      breaks here     String cookieFromBrow  driver.manage.getCookieNamedmyCookie.toString     System.out.printlnCookie  [  cookieFromBrow  ] codepre  hr  pstrongStacktracestrongp  precodejava.lang.NoSuchMethodError org.openqa.selenium.internal.ReturnedCookie.ltinitgtLjavalangStringLjavalangStringLjavalangStringLjavalangStringLjavautilDateZV at org.openqa.selenium.htmlunit.HtmlUnitDriverHtmlUnitOptions.getCookiesHtmlUnitDriver.java851 at org.openqa.selenium.htmlunit.HtmlUnitDriverHtmlUnitOptions.getCookieNamedHtmlUnitDriver.java812 at com.medomain.site.test.SampleResultPageIntlITCase.initTestPageSampleResultPageIntlITCase.java150 at com.medomain.site.test.SampleResultPageIntlITCase.testFindCaseFormSampleResultPageIntlITCase.java123 at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeUnknown Source at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeUnknown Source at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeUnknown Source at org.testng.internal.MethodInvocationHelper.invokeMethodMethodInvocationHelper.java80 at org.testng.internal.Invoker.invokeMethodInvoker.java702 at org.testng.internal.Invoker.invokeTestMethodInvoker.java894 at org.testng.internal.Invoker.invokeTestMethodsInvoker.java1219 at org.testng.internal.TestMethodWorker.invokeTestMethodsTestMethodWorker.java127 at org.testng.internal.TestMethodWorker.runTestMethodWorker.java111 at org.testng.TestRunner.privateRunTestRunner.java768 at org.testng.TestRunner.runTestRunner.java617 at org.testng.SuiteRunner.runTestSuiteRunner.java334 at org.testng.SuiteRunner.runSequentiallySuiteRunner.java329 at org.testng.SuiteRunner.privateRunSuiteRunner.java291 at org.testng.SuiteRunner.runSuiteRunner.java240 at org.testng.SuiteRunnerWorker.runSuiteSuiteRunnerWorker.java53 at org.testng.SuiteRunnerWorker.runSuiteRunnerWorker.java87 at org.testng.TestNG.runSuitesSequentiallyTestNG.java1185 at org.testng.TestNG.runSuitesLocallyTestNG.java1110 at org.testng.TestNG.runTestNG.java1022 at org.testng.remote.RemoteTestNG.runRemoteTestNG.java109 at org.testng.remote.RemoteTestNG.initAndRunRemoteTestNG.java202 at org.testng.remote.RemoteTestNG.mainRemoteTestNG.java173 codepre  pAny help will be really appreciated.p
Negative 110 pIm getting a TemplateNotFound error on Google App Engine with Jinja2 complete stack trace below.p  pWhat I expect to see is the index.html with the greet variable passed to the index.html template file.  What I dont understand is why I get the template not found error when the path to index.html in the TraceBack is correct.p  pWhat Ive tried...p  ul litried a relative path by taking out os.path.dirnamestrongfilestrong in template path.li liusing template instead of themes as a directory name.li ul  pHere is my code.p  pstrongapp.yamlstrongp  precodeapplication codemywayout version 1 runtime python27 apiversion 1 threadsafe true  handlers   url admin.   script admin.app   login admin   url static[].   staticfiles template1static2   upload static.   url favicon.ico   staticfiles favicon.ico   upload favicon.ico   url .   script static.app  builtins  remoteapi on  libraries  name webapp2   version 2.5.1  name jinja2   version latest codepre  pstrongadmin.pystrongp  precodefrom google.appengine.ext import db import webapp2 import jinja2 import os import fixpath import config   def rendertemplatetemplatename, templatevalsNone, themeNone     templatepath  os.path.joinos.path.dirnamefile ,              themes, theme or config.theme, templatename     env  jinja2.Environment         loaderjinja2.FileSystemLoadertemplatepath     return env.gettemplatetemplatepath, templatevals or   class BlogPostdb.Model     title  db.StringProperty     body  db.StringProperty  def renderself     templatevals           config config,         post self,          return rendertemplatepost.html, templatevals  class BaseHandlerwebapp2.RequestHandler     def rendertoresponseself, templatename,              templatevalsNone, themeNone         templatename  os.path.joinadmin, templatename         self.response.out.writerendertemplatetemplatename,             templatevals, theme  class AdminHandlerBaseHandler     def getself         greet  hello         templatevals               greet greet                  self.rendertoresponseindex.html, templatevals codepre  pstrongconfig.pystrongp  precode Name of the blog blogname  My Blog   Selects the theme to use. Theme names correspond to directories under  the themes directory, containing templates and static content. theme  default   Defines the URL organization to use for blog postings. Valid substitutions    slug  the identifier for the post, derived from the title    year  the year the post was published in    month  the month the post was published in    day  the day the post was published in   URL Options    postpathformat  yeardmonth02dslugs postpathformat  slugs codepre  pstrongTraceBackstrongp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 1536, in call     rv  self.handleexceptionrequest, response, e   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 1530, in call     rv  self.router.dispatchrequest, response   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 1278, in defaultdispatcher     return route.handleradapterrequest, response   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 1102, in call     return handler.dispatch   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 572, in dispatch     return self.handleexceptione, self.app.debug   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 570, in dispatch     return methodargs, kwargs   File CUsersjohnwebdevworkspacecodemywayoutadmin.py, line 49, in get     self.rendertoresponseindex.html, templatevals   File CUsersjohnwebdevworkspacecodemywayoutadmin.py, line 34, in rendertoresponse     templatevals, theme   File CUsersjohnwebdevworkspacecodemywayoutadmin.py, line 14, in rendertemplate     return env.gettemplatetemplatepath, templatevals or    File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibjinja2jinja2environment.py, line 719, in gettemplate     return self.loadtemplatename, self.makeglobalsglobals   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibjinja2jinja2environment.py, line 693, in loadtemplate     template  self.loader.loadself, name, globals   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibjinja2jinja2loaders.py, line 115, in load     source, filename, uptodate  self.getsourceenvironment, name   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibjinja2jinja2loaders.py, line 162, in getsource     pieces  splittemplatepathtemplate   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibjinja2jinja2loaders.py, line 33, in splittemplatepath     raise TemplateNotFoundtemplate TemplateNotFound CUsersjohnwebdevworkspacecodemywayoutthemesdefaultadminindex.html codepre
Negative 110 pI want to write function that takes a function name as an argument and calls it. Normally i could do this using window[funcname]. However all my code is enclosed within an anonymous function and hence the namespace of the function is now window. In this case how could i write this function. p
Negative 110 pI am trying to create a user control which is basically include a Tab Item. As follows and try to add it to my tab control in another library.p  precodeGrid.xaml in a.dll  ltUserControl xNameGrid xClassSomeClass              xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation              xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml              xmlnsmchttpschemas.openxmlformats.orgmarkupcompatibility2006               xmlnsdhttpschemas.microsoft.comexpressionblend2008               mcIgnorabled               dDesignHeight300 dDesignWidth300gt      ltTabItem HeaderGridgt         ltDataGrid HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretchgt     ltTabItemgt  ltUserControlgt  TabView.xaml in b.dll ltUserControl              xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation              xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml              xmlnsmchttpschemas.openxmlformats.orgmarkupcompatibility2006               xmlnsdhttpschemas.microsoft.comexpressionblend2008               xmlnsViewsclrnamespaceSomeClassassemblySomeAssembly xClassSomeClass               mcIgnorabled               dDesignHeight300 dDesignWidth300gt      ltTabControl HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretch gt          ltViewsGridViewgt          ltTabItem HeaderThis gt         ltTabItem HeaderThat gt       ltTabControlgt ltUserControlgt codepre  pMy problem is that, it actually creates the tab there, but does not show the header of tab. I wonder if I am doing it right and how can I show the headerp
Negative 110 pI have a selectbox where a user can pick a value which populates a textbox and the user can edit the value with Ajax.  Every option in the selectbox has an id and a datacritical attribute. I use the JQuery change event handler to populate a textbox with the value in the datacritical.p  precodeltselect idactionsgt   ltoption idp0 datacritical100  value0gtOptie 0ltoptiongt   ltoption idp1 datacritical120  value1gtOptie 1ltoptiongt ltselectgt  ltinput typetext ideditcritical gt  actions.changefunction    var selected  this.findoptionselected    editcritical.valselected.datacritical   ajaxsuccess functiondata   p  data.p.id.attrdatacritical, data.p.critical  codepre  pOn Ajax success the datacritical value is changed, but when I select the option again, the old value is displayed in the textbox. I tried to use the Live method, but nothing happened. Firebug shows the updated value in datacritical.p  pAny suggestions to show the updated value in the textboxp
Negative 110 pIm working on UI stuff with a JList that can contain at most 8 items. Logically I have prevented the application from adding to the JList once it has reached its limit, however, I was wondering if there was a way to perhaps explicitly set a limit on the JList itself. Which would help with the next thing I want to do, which is to repaint empty cells up to 8 cells at most to indicate that they are empty slots that can be filled. Im trying to find a way to do this perhaps by extending ListUI which does not involve adding placeholder elements into the JList to represent empty spaces.p
Negative 110 pI created a Java desktopapplication using Swing and am now trying to make it work by starting it from the net using JNLP. The application works fine when I start it from the terminal, but as soon as I launch it from JNLP, it does not close. I have to manually kill the process every time.p  pI read that there might be a problem if my codeJFramecode uses codeDISPOSEONCLOSEcode as the default closeoperation, but it doesnt. It uses codeDONOTHINGONCLOSEcode implicitly. Also, Im explicitly calling codeSystem.exit0code after releasing all my objectsp  precodef  new JFramePacman f.addWindowListenernew WindowAdapter      Override     public void windowClosingWindowEvent e           Terminate the Gameloop         GameLoop.INSTANCE.stopLoop          Close the application         System.exit0       codepre  pI guess that there might be an exception thrown when I close the application, but I cant find a way to get the consoleoutput e.g. the StackTrace of a running application started with JNLP. Heres what I triedp  ul liStart codejavawscode with the debugging parameters and connect with codejconsolecode works but I cant find any exception or consoleouput.li liStart codejavawscode with the debugging parameters and attach IntelliJ debugger to it also works but does not give me any outputli ul  pSo, how can I start the application with JNLP and get the output written to the default out and errorstreams, as if I would do with a normal desktop applicationp
Negative 110 pI have an array called fields. If I do thisp  precodeforeach fields as id gt field    print id.ltbr gt   codepre  pI getp  precodefieldtrackicon fieldsessionnumber fieldjobtitle codepre  pI know this is totally simple, but my brain just will not come up with the answer, and I cant seem to google the right terms. How can I wrap the foreach in an if statement thats based on which id is being processedp  pPseudocode would bep  precodeiffields[fieldsessionnumber]  S2     foreachfields as idgtfield        print fieldgtcontent      codepre  pBasically, Im working with a single record of data returned in the fields array. I only want to print out the individual field properties codefieldgtcontentcode or codefieldgtprefixcode, for example if the id of the field being processed is S2.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to get a graph of search traffic percentage out of total visits over time.p  pI want to see if more percent of the visitors are coming from Google.p  phow can I generate such reportp
Negative 110 pHi I am trying to use AJAX to edit a grid.p  pFirst I made model BPViewModelp  precode public DateTime Day  get set  codepre  pThe Repositoryp  precodepublic static IListltBPViewModelgt All              IListltBPViewModelgt result  IListltBPViewModelgtHttpContext.Current.Session[BloodPressures]              string id  2222222222             id  Session[PHN].ToString         if result  null                      HttpContext.Current.Session[BloodPressures]  result                  from bloodpressure in new DALDataContext.BloodPressures                  select new BPViewModel                                    .......                      Day  bloodpressure.Day                   .ToList                   return result      codepre  pIn the controller I get the data usingp  precode  public ActionResult BloodPressureRead[DataSourceRequest] DataSourceRequest request                   return JsonBPRepository.All.ToDataSourceResultrequest          codepre  pIn the viewp  precodeHtml.Kendo.GridltBPViewModelgt      .NameGrid     .Columnscolumns gt     columns.Boundp gt p.Day.Format0d codepre  pThe date is displayed as 112012 however when I edit it using Ajax it shows as Sun Jan 1 000000 PST 2012  When I try to update the row, I get Day is invalid Date.p  pI tried to use bloodpressure.Day.ToShortDateString, it did not work. p  pAny idea how I can convert the date to yyyy,mm,dd Thanks in advance.p
Negative 110 pmy app crashed when I try to delete a data from my SqlLite db.p  pThis is the error codeTerminating app due to uncaught exception NSInternalInconsistencyException, reason Error while deleting. database is lockedcodep  pThis is all my code on databasep  precodeimport Database.h  static sqlite3 database  nil static sqlite3stmt deleteStmt  nil static sqlite3stmt addStmt  nil  implementation Database  synthesize idpoi, pathDb, arrPoi   id initWithDataNSDictionary  data       [super init]     NSLog,[data objectForKeypathDb]     NSLogidpoi  ,[data objectForKeyidpoi]     setto lid nello stato delloggetto     idpoi  [data objectForKeyidpoi]     pathDb  [data objectForKeypathDb]      return self    void deletePoi       if sqlite3open[pathDb UTF8String], ampdatabase  SQLITEOK          const char sql  delete from Poi where idpoi           sqlite3stmt deleteStmt         ifsqlite3preparev2database, sql, 1, ampdeleteStmt, NULL  SQLITEOK              When binding parameters, index starts from 1 and not zero.             sqlite3bindintdeleteStmt, 1, [idpoi integerValue]              if SQLITEDONE  sqlite3stepdeleteStmt                  NSAssert10, Error while deleting. s, sqlite3errmsgdatabase                 [[WPActivityIndicator sharedActivityIndicator] hide]                 return                       else              NSAssert10, Error while creating delete statement. s, sqlite3errmsgdatabase                     sqlite3finalizedeleteStmt      else          sqlite3closedatabase Even though the open call failed, close the database connection to release all the memory.            [[WPActivityIndicator sharedActivityIndicator] hide]    BOOL checkIdPoi        lista temporanea     NSMutableArray listaTemp  [[NSMutableArray alloc] init]      Oggetto che contiene i vari elementi     NSMutableDictionary dictionary      NSMutableString stridpoiid della persona      if sqlite3open[pathDb UTF8String], ampdatabase  SQLITEOK           query che ricava i valori         const char sql  select idpoi from Poi where idpoi           sqlite3stmt selectstmt          ifsqlite3preparev2database, sql, 1, ampselectstmt, NULL  SQLITEOK               sqlite3bindintselectstmt, 1 , [idpoi integerValue]             whilesqlite3stepselectstmt  SQLITEROW                   ricaviamo i valori letti dalla query                 stridpoi  [NSMutableString stringWithUTF8Stringchar sqlite3columntextselectstmt, 0]                   inseriamo tutti i valori letti in un unico oggetto                 dictionary  [[NSMutableDictionary alloc] initWithObjectsAndKeysstridpoi, idpoi, nil]                 NSLogstridpoi  ,stridpoi                 [listaTemp addObjectdictionary]                 [dictionary release]                 return TRUE                       else              NSAssert10, Error while read data. s, sqlite3errmsgdatabase             return FALSE                   else          sqlite3closedatabase         return FALSE           return FALSE     void addPoi       NSLog,pathDb      if sqlite3open[pathDb UTF8String], ampdatabase  SQLITEOK           const char sql  insert into Poiidpoi Values         sqlite3stmt addStmt         ifsqlite3preparev2database, sql, 1, ampaddStmt, NULL  SQLITEOK               NSString stridpoi  [[NSString alloc] initWithFormatd, [idpoi integerValue]]             sqlite3bindtextaddStmt, 1, [stridpoi UTF8String], 1, SQLITETRANSIENT              ifSQLITEDONE  sqlite3stepaddStmt                  NSAssert10, Error while inserting data. s, sqlite3errmsgdatabase                 [[WPActivityIndicator sharedActivityIndicator] hide]                 return              else                  SQLite provides a method to get the last primary key inserted by using sqlite3lastinsertrowid                 idpoi  sqlite3lastinsertrowiddatabase                           Reset the add statement.             sqlite3resetaddStmt            else              NSAssert10, Error while creating add statement. s, sqlite3errmsgdatabase                              sqlite3finalizeaddStmt        else          sqlite3closedatabase Even though the open call failed, close the database connection to release all the memory.           sqlite3closedatabase      [[WPActivityIndicator sharedActivityIndicator] hide]     Carica i valori dal database passato come parametro NSMutableArraygetIdPOI        lista temporanea     NSMutableArray listaTemp  [[NSMutableArray alloc] init]      Oggetto che contiene i vari elementi     NSMutableDictionary dictionary      NSMutableString stridpoiid della persona      if sqlite3open[pathDb UTF8String], ampdatabase  SQLITEOK           query che ricava i valori         const char sql  select idpoi from Poi         sqlite3stmt selectstmt          ifsqlite3preparev2database, sql, 1, ampselectstmt, NULL  SQLITEOK               whilesqlite3stepselectstmt  SQLITEROW                   ricaviamo i valori letti dalla query                 stridpoi  [NSMutableString stringWithUTF8Stringchar sqlite3columntextselectstmt, 0]                   inseriamo tutti i valori letti in un unico oggetto                 dictionary  [[NSMutableDictionary alloc] initWithObjectsAndKeysstridpoi, idpoi, nil]                 NSLogstridpoi  ,stridpoi                 [listaTemp addObjectdictionary]                 [dictionary release]                           Reset the add statement.             sqlite3resetselectstmt           else              NSAssert10, Error while read data. s, sqlite3errmsgdatabase                   ADD THIS LINE TO YOUR CODE         sqlite3finalizeselectstmt          else         sqlite3closedatabase      sqlite3closedatabase      return listaTemp     void finalizeStatements      ifdatabase sqlite3closedatabase     ifdeleteStmt sqlite3finalizedeleteStmt     ifaddStmt sqlite3finalizeaddStmt    voiddealloc      [pathDb release]     [arrPoi release]      [super dealloc]   end codepre  pAny suggestp
Negative 110 pI need some way to do ANPRautomatic number plate recognition for one form of license plates on Windows Mobile, the plates are clear and numbers are big enough, anyone has a code to do that I work on C and its ok if the code is written on C.p  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to make a website without flash however, I am stuck on trying to make an icon which when clicked will make the page full screen equivalent of f11. If I had to do it in flash, its simple, but how can I do it without flash Are there any html5 options availablep  pI saw a few solutions but they are not similar to the flash solutions I have found... Everything I have found seems to be like this examplep  pa hrefhttpwww.htmlgoodies.combeyonddhtmlarticle.php3470521SoYouWantAFullScreenBrowserHuh.htm relnofollowhttpwww.htmlgoodies.combeyonddhtmlarticle.php3470521SoYouWantAFullScreenBrowserHuh.htmap  pCan someone help on thisp
Negative 110 pIm doing an application price comparison android, I block at level design MVC model help me with a tutorial class diagram with MVCp
Negative 110 pUsing MS Word 2010p  pIm somewhat fluent in VBA for MS Excel, but I dont use Word that often, so I dont know Words VBA very well.p  pWhat I have is account data from a credit union for one month that is in that stoopid Report formatp  ul lipage headerscolumn names every 60 linesli lisummaries after every group of share types li lisummaries after every group of branches.li ul  pI have to get these files to a fixed widthdelimited format, so I need to strip out all pagecolumn headers and all summaries.  I have 6 of these files to process.p  pI already have the pagecolumn headers and share type summaries stripped out...no issues there.p  pThe problem Im having is with the Branch Summaries.  Branches are stored in the data as 2 digits, but there are some 3digit branches.  These 3digit branches show up as 2 asterisk which also happens to be the bold formatting code here on StackOverflow and I dont know how to escape them in the data, so I have to replace all of the s above the summary with the Branch Number found in the summary.  Here is my process in detailp  ol liFind next Branch Summary by searching for the next occurrence of strongBRANCHstrong in the whole document searching forwardli liFind the branch number next to strongBRANCHstrongli liIf branch number is 3 digits, find and replace all occurrences of  above the summary with the branch number by searching backwardsli liMove back to the summary and select the whole thing to delete itli liLoop until strongBRANCHstrong is no longer found.li ol  pThe problem I am having is it looks like I can not declare object variables for the strongFindstrong object and have 2 different strongFindstrongs defined.  Any change in one Find object variable definition also changes the other object variable definition.p  pIs there any easy way to do this or do I just have to redefine my first strongFindstrong criteria inside the loopp  pThanks for any help anyone can provide,p  pCTBp  pPS. I dont know if it is obvious, but I dont have anyone who knows their stuff so they can teach me selftaught for the most part.  Any advice on improving my codemore efficient code will be greatly appreciated.p  precodeSub RemoveBranchSummaries Dim pstrBranch As String Dim pbytBranch As Byte Dim prngRange As Range Dim plngStartPOS As Long Dim plngEndPOS As Long Dim pfndWholeFile As Find Dim psltWholeFile As Selection Dim pfndReplaceBranch As Find Dim psltReplaceBranch As Selection Dim plngSummaryStart As Long Dim plngSummaryEnd As Long Dim plngSummaryLen As Long Dim plngReplaceCount As Long   Set psltWholeFile  Selection Set pfndWholeFile  psltWholeFile.Find plngReplaceCount  0  Trying to define first Find criteria using an object variable pfndWholeFile.ClearFormatting pfndWholeFile.Text  BRANCH pfndWholeFile.Replacement.Text   pfndWholeFile.Forward  True pfndWholeFile.Wrap  wdFindStop pfndWholeFile.Format  False pfndWholeFile.MatchCase  False pfndWholeFile.MatchWholeWord  False pfndWholeFile.MatchWildcards  False pfndWholeFile.MatchSoundsLike  False pfndWholeFile.MatchAllWordForms  False pfndWholeFile.Execute  Loop until all occurrences are found Do While pfndWholeFile.Found     Application.ActiveWindow.SmallScroll , 5      Find the branch number in the summary     4 digits after BRANCH     pstrBranch  Selection.Range.Words.Last.Next.Words.First     Convert to byte, then back to string to strip off leading zeros     pbytBranch  CBytepstrBranch     pstrBranch  CStrpbytBranch      If branch is 3 digits, findreplace all  above with branch number     If LenpstrBranch  3 Then         Trying to define a second Find criteria using an object variable         Set psltReplaceBranch  Selection         psltReplaceBranch.SetRange plngStartPOS, plngEndPOS         Set pfndReplaceBranch  psltReplaceBranch.Find          pfndReplaceBranch.ClearFormatting         pfndReplaceBranch.Text            pfndReplaceBranch.Replacement.Text  pstrBranch amp           pfndReplaceBranch.Forward  False         pfndReplaceBranch.Wrap  wdFindStop         Do While pfndReplaceBranch.Found             pfndReplaceBranch.Execute ReplacewdReplaceOne             Used to keep track of all replacements made so the branch summary can be accurately found again after replacements             Each row has one character added to it during replacements so it will throw off summary startend positions below             plngReplaceCount  plngReplaceCount  1             pfndReplaceBranch.Execute  ,,,,,,false,wdfindstop,,pstrbranch amp  ,wdReplaceAll,,,,         Loop          Select summary key word again         Selection.Start  plngSummaryStart  plngReplaceCount  1         Selection.End  Selection.Start  plngSummaryLen          plngReplaceCount  0     End If       Select all rows of summary and delete     Selection.Collapse     Selection.MoveUp wdLine, 1     Selection.MoveDown wdLine, 4, wdExtend     Selection.Delete     plngStartPOS  Selection.Start      Trying to go back to the first Find to continue finding summaries     Does not appear 2 separate Finds can be defined and assigned to an object variable     Any change in second Find definition also changes this first Find     pfndWholeFile.Execute      Saving summary startend positions so they can be selected again after all replacements have been made     plngSummaryStart  Selection.Start     plngSummaryEnd  Selection.End     plngSummaryLen  plngSummaryEnd  plngSummaryStart      plngEndPOS  Selection.Start Loop End Sub codepre
Negative 110 pI have site terms, about and contact modules on my website. I want to be able to change these items via CMS and not via changing .ASPX pages every once in a while. My question is how to store this data  I used to store this kind of data in SqlServer but i always thought it is an overkill since data is a single row with different columns especially when in some cases i just need one column.p  pHow do you handle this issue p
Negative 110 pI have a 3D scene and I want litter it with X number of objects placed randomly within the viewing frustum.p  pI tried using 3 randoms strongXstrong  strongYstrong viewport 0..1, and then strongZstrong distance from camera and then projecting using the camera distance. However this doesnt yield a uniform distribution and there are too many objects close to the camera and too few further away.p  pThere is the option of generating a random point within the cube and filtering those points that are outside the view frustum, but Im generating a shitload of these and Im worried about performance.p  pHow can I generate a random point inside a frustum in a uniformly distributed mannerp
Negative 110 pI want to display a table like this  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comSTm6o.jpg altReport Imagep  pGenerated from three database tables depends on student IDp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comO0BCP.jpg altTable Imagesp  pIs this the best way to insert the students marks If I have 5,000 student and 10 subjects and 12 exam in year, I will have more than 500.000 record in table StuMarks p
Negative 110 pI am using this guide to set up Hadoopp  pa hrefhttpblog.sqltrainer.com201201installingandconfiguringapache.html relnofollowhttpblog.sqltrainer.com201201installingandconfiguringapache.htmlap  pHowever when I get to the part where Im supposed to type codebinhadoop versioncode I get these errorsp  precodecygpath cant convert empty path java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError orgapachehadooputilPlatformName Caused by java.lang.ClassNotFoundException org.apache.hadoop.util.PlatformName         at java.net.URLClassLoader1.runUnknown Source         at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method         at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClassUnknown Source         at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassUnknown Source         at sun.misc.LauncherAppClassLoader.loadClassUnknown Source         at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassUnknown Source Could not find the main class org.apache.hadoop.util.PlatformName.  Program will exit. Exception in thread main cygpath cant convert empty path cygpath cant convert empty path Hadoop 0.22.0 codepre  pI recently was using version 1.0.3 and I got it working fine but I had to downgrade to version 0.22.0 because of a bug. Unfortunately I cant get this version to work.p  pMore infop  precodeJAVAHOMEcygdrivecProgra1Javajre6 codepre
Negative 110 pI have a py.test test function marked as xfailp  precodepytest.mark.xfail def testthatfails     assert 1  2 codepre  pIn my pytestruntestsetup hook, I skip this test explicitlyp  precodedef pytestruntestsetup item     pytest.skip Skipping this test codepre  pWhen I run py.test, it reports that the test xfailedp  precodetests.py x   1 xfailed in 1.69 seconds  codepre  pHow can I get py.test to report this test as skippedp  pIt seems like I am asking, How can I remove the xfail marking form this test in my pytestruntestsetup hookp  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pMy problem is the followingp  pI open an Excel  File and I dont know which of the possible headervariables my clients have used in the template file. These can be DATE, TIME, NAME and so on. So I need to look for these variables and if the have been used Replace them.p  precodevCell  findCellDATE tempStr  DateToStrDate     Date if vCell.VType  VTEMPTY      vWorksheet.OlePropertyGetCells, vCell.OlePropertyGetAddress.OlePropertySetValue,StringToOleStrtempStr codepre  pfindCell looks like thisp  precodeVariant fastcall TClassExcelfindCellAnsiString Cell,String Range      Range is set to A1Z100 as default in the header file      vRange  vWorksheet.OlePropertyGetRange,StringToOleStrRange     return vRange.OleFunctionFind, StringToOleStrCell  codepre  pThe line codeif vCell.VType  VTEMPTYcode does not detect if there is no such cell inside of the header. I also tried codevCell.Emptycode and it did not work out. codeVtypecode  9 if I watch the value. So, I am looking for the corresponding strongemIf Not cell Is Nothing Thenemstrong of VBAp  pThis reference is to the MSDN library to the find method a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryaa19573028voffice.1129.aspx relnofollowMSDN Find Methoda to be sure to NOT try to write some Variables into a Cell that does not exist.p
Negative 110 pI cant find a clear answer to this question anywhere so here it goes. Looking at ember.js, it seems like you can build a full fledged application with just javascript, html, and css. My question is, is it advisable to do it that way I see no examples with PHP integrated into the js framework so, to me, it seems like an eitheror kinda deal. Is that rightp
Negative 110 pIm using the a hrefhttpdocs.oracle.comhtmlE1092801OracleMembershipProviderClass.htmBABEDCAI relnofollowOracleMembershipProvidera with Oracle11g and ASP.NET 4.0. Creating users from the ASP.NET side is easy, but Im not quite sure how to do it from an Oracle stored procedure.p  pIve found the codeoraaspnetMemCreateUsercode function. However, its wrapped and I cant find any documentation for it, so Im not sure what all the parameters take. Also, when you call a hrefhttpdocs.oracle.comhtmlE1092801OracleMembershipProviderClass.htmCHDFBJJE relnofollowCreateUsera from ASP.NET, theres an out parameter with a MembershipCreateStatus enumeration value indicating whether or not the user was created successfully. The only out parameter for codeoraaspnetMemCreateUsercode is codeuseridcode, so can I even get access to the status valuep  pI did find a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma2958984178225this answera, which is mostly what Im trying to do, but in TSQL. I need to do it in PLSQL, and if possible I need to determine if the user was successfully created.p
Negative 110 pI inherited a code project and am tasked with redesigning the GUI with Qts Style Sheets.p  pThere is a subclassed codeQtTreePropertyBrowsercode which Ive styled to change the background colorsfont color, but I cant for the life of me figure out how to change the appearance of the branch indicator icons. Theyre almost invisible on the new dark background, like suchp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.como5BvW.png altenter image description herep  pDoing some googling, I found a hrefhttpdoc.qt.nokia.com4.7snapshotstylesheetexamples.htmlcustomizingqtreeview relnofollowthis examplea. p  pBut from my experimenting so far, it hasnt worked. Reading the documentation, it seems that codeQtTreePropertyBrowsercode inherits from codeQTreeViewcode, but I dont know why its not working. Any insightsp
Negative 110 pI am doing a NLP project in strongWindowsstrong and the problem is whenever I run Stanford CoreNLP from my command prompt, it takes about 1415 seconds to generate the XML output of the given input text file. I think that this issue is because the library takes quite a lot of time to load. Can please somebody explain what the problem is and how can I resolve this issue as this time problem is a big issue for my projectp
Negative 110 pI have the following code This is partially pseudo code for demonstrationp  precodevoid foo...    some code here   do      minitem  MAXVALUE      some code here also       if minitem  MAXVALUE        break      if smalleritemx  minitem FIRSTISSMALLER        globalqueue[size]  smalleritemx            if nextitemx0             smalleritemx nextitemx             if smalleritemx gt smalleritemy                goto SECONDISSMALLER             else SECONDISSMALLER        globalqueue[size]  smalleritemy            if nextitemy0             smalleritemy nextitemy             if smalleritemy gt smalleritemx                goto FIRSTISSMALLER                whiletrue        codepre  pAs far as i know goto is translated to jmp in assembler, i am interested to increase performance of this procedure by changing the second goto to something similar to branch shorter command with short jump up, i may be missing something, and it could be trivial, so my apologies.p
Negative 110 pI would like to have the following syntaxp  precodepython utility.py file1 FILE1 file2 FILE2 codepre  pwhere file1 and file2 are optional arguments. It is simple to make it working with this syntaxp  precodepython utility.py file1 FILE1 file2 FILE2 codepre  pusingp  precodeparser.addargumentfile1,typefile parser.addargumentfile2,typefile codepre  phowever, if I remove the dashes, argparse starts to interprete it as a positional rather than optional argument...p  pIn other words, is it possible to specifically tell argparse whether an argument is optional or positional so that I can have optional parameters without the dashesp
Negative 110 pWhen try connecting to the PG database I got following error   p  blockquote   p heroku pgpsql app rf1br       psql could not connect to server Operation timed out           Is the server running on host ec218473161119.compute1.amazonaws.com and accepting           TCPIP connections on port 5432p blockquote  pHow could I fix it  P.s I am running on a OS X environment and have local pg installed.p  pUpdatep  precodeheroku pginfo app rf1  SHAREDDATABASE DATABASEURL Data Size 312k codepre
Negative 110 pIts quite common that I have to check null before iterate when not sure the collection reference is null or not. Samplep  precodeCollectionltObjectgt collection  ... ... ifcollection  nulltroublesome     forObject o  collection codepre  pOf course, I know empty collection is much better than null, but in some cases client code cannot control the nullable collection from other modules for instance, return value from 3rd party code. So I wrote a utility methodp  precodepublic static ltTgt IterableltTgt nullableIterableIterableltTgt it     return it  null  it  Collections.ltTgtemptySet  codepre  pIn client code, no need to check null any morep  precodeforObject o  nullableIterablecollection ... codepre  pDo you think codenullableIterablecode is reasonable Any advice Any concern Thanksp
Negative 110 pi have a logout link in jsp and i call the logout function like this p  precodefunction logout     document.getElementByIdfunctiontype.valuelogout     document.forms[frmTempcard].submit                 codepre  pi call this like following   codeltligtlta href onclicklogoutgtLogoutltagtltligtcodep  pwhen i click on the link i see the following url  codehttplocalhost8080acctnotifier[the jsp file is there in this folder only ]TempCardServletcodep  pwhen i remove the folder name in url it is working fine. so how to redirect to desired servletp  pPlease help me.p
Negative 110 pI am displaying a countdown watch with respect to a given endtime.p  palthough its working perfect but i want to know which is best methods to apply.p  pbelow is my countdown function.  p  precode  var timerId   var postData  endDate  endDate, tz  tz     var countdown  function             .ajax                type  post,                async  false,                timeout  1000,                url  .ajaxcountdown.php,                data  .parampostData,                dataType  json,                success  function resp                   currentTime.htmlresp.remainingTime                                     codepre  pwhat i want is that function countdown shoud be called emautomatically after every 1 secondem and if it does not executecompleted within 1 second then cancel the current ajax and start a new ajax call.p  pnow I found there are strong4 working methodsstrong p  h3method 1 using emsetInterval with windowem objecth3  precodewindow.setIntervalcountdown, 1000 codepre  h3method 2  using emsetIntervalem independentlyh3  precodesetIntervalfunction countdown, 1000 codepre  h3method 3   using emsetTimeOutem inside the function an call other function to intialize main functionh3  precodevar countdown  function        .ajax ajax code       timerId  setTimeoutcountdown, 5000  assign to a variable    function clockStart            if timerId return         countdown  clockStart  calling this function  codepre  h3method 4  using emanonymous function callemh3  precodevar countdown  function        .ajax ajax code       timerId  setTimeoutcountdown, 5000     function          if timerId return          countdown  codepre  pPlease tell me p  ul liWhat is con and pro of each method and which one is bestright methodli liShould i use codeclearTimeOutcode or codeclearIntervalcode li ul  pstrongReferencesstrongp  h3a hrefhttpjavascript.infotutorialsettimeoutsetinterval relnofollowhttpjavascript.infotutorialsettimeoutsetintervalah3  h3a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3138756jqueryrepeatfunctionevery60secondsJquery repeat function every 60 secondsah3  h3a hrefhttpwww.electrictoolbox.comusingsettimeoutjavascript relnofollowhttpwww.electrictoolbox.comusingsettimeoutjavascriptah3
Negative 110 pI have tried to call .rdl report created in SSRS to be called in an aspx page . But I got the following error The Report Viewer Web Control requires a System.Web.UI.ScriptManager on the web form.p  pMy Code is as follows,p  pprotected void PageLoadobject sender, EventArgs e              string query  Session[ClosedBugsResult1].ToStringp  precode    ifIsPostBack     ReportViewer1.ProcessingMode  ProcessingMode.Remote      ReportViewer1.ServerReport.ReportServerUrl  new Urihttplocalhostreportserver      ReportViewer1.ServerReport.ReportPath  DUsersXXXDocumentsVisual Studio 2008ProjectsBugtrackerSample1BugTrackerSampleBugTrackerSampleReport1.rdl       ReportParameter[] param  new ReportParameter[1]      param[0]  new ReportParameterCustomerID, txtparam.Text     ReportViewer1.ServerReport.SetParametersparam     System.Web.UI.ScriptManager scriptManager  new ScriptManager      Page page  new Page     System.Web.UI.HtmlControls.HtmlForm form  new HtmlForm     form.Controls.AddscriptManager      form.Controls.AddReportViewer1      page.Controls.Addform     page.DataBind  exception here      ReportViewer1.ServerReport.Refresh   codepre  pAny help is appreciated.. Please Helpp
Negative 110 pI have started an jquerybackbone.js application based on this a hrefhttpcoenraets.orgbackbonecellarbootstrap relnofollowsample applicationa and modified it quite considerably to do my own stuff, but the MVC concept remains. So far, everything is working properly and Im basically just adding my contentmodeletc. when I need too. p  pI need to implement a basic file uploader and found this a hrefhttpblueimp.github.comjQueryFileUpload relnofollowJQueryfileuploada to be awesome I dont want to reinvent the wheel... since, Im in a hurry. Does anyone have done this before strongSo far, I have downloaded the zip file and ran it on WampServer PHP, which works just finestrong I read the the setup manual. What about incorporatingattach it, within an application use the widget How you do it I dont have much experience with Plugins p  pCode sectionp  ptplResourcesView.html so if we take only the interesting part from the demop  precodeltdiv classcontent fixedfixedgt               lt The file upload form used as target for the file upload widget gt     ltform idfileupload actionpluginjqueryfileuploadserverphp methodPOST enctypemultipartformdatagt         lt The fileuploadbuttonbar contains buttons to adddelete files and startcancel the upload gt         ltdiv classrow fileuploadbuttonbargt             ltdiv classspan7gt                 lt The fileinputbutton span is used to style the file input field as button gt                 ltspan classbtn btnsuccess fileinputbuttongt                     lti classiconplus iconwhitegtltigt                     ltspangtAdd files...ltspangt                     ltinput typefile namefiles[] multiplegt                 ltspangt                 ltbutton typesubmit classbtn btnprimary startgt                     lti classiconupload iconwhitegtltigt                     ltspangtStart uploadltspangt                 ltbuttongt                 ltbutton typereset classbtn btnwarning cancelgt                     lti classiconbancircle iconwhitegtltigt                     ltspangtCancel uploadltspangt                 ltbuttongt                 ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndanger deletegt                     lti classicontrash iconwhitegtltigt                     ltspangtDeleteltspangt                 ltbuttongt                 ltinput typecheckbox classtogglegt             ltdivgt             lt The global progress information gt             ltdiv classspan5 fileuploadprogress fadegt                 lt The global progress bar gt                 ltdiv classprogress progresssuccess progressstriped active roleprogressbar ariavaluemin0 ariavaluemax100gt                     ltdiv classbar stylewidth0gtltdivgt                 ltdivgt                 lt The extended global progress information gt                 ltdiv classprogressextendedgtampnbspltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         lt The loading indicator is shown during file processing gt         ltdiv classfileuploadloadinggtltdivgt         ltbrgt         lt The table listing the files available for uploaddownload gt         lttable rolepresentation classtable tablestripedgtlttbody classfiles datatogglemodalgallery datatargetmodalgallerygtlttbodygtlttablegt     ltformgt ltdivgt  lt The template to display files available for upload gt ltscript idtemplateupload typetextxtmplgt  for var i0, file fileo.files[i] i       lttr classtemplateupload fadegt         lttd classpreviewgtltspan classfadegtltspangtlttdgt         lttd classnamegtltspangtfile.nameltspangtlttdgt         lttd classsizegtltspangto.formatFileSizefile.sizeltspangtlttdgt          if file.error               lttd classerror colspan2gtltspan classlabel labelimportantgtlocale.fileupload.errorltspangt locale.fileupload.errors[file.error]  file.errorlttdgt           else if o.files.valid ampamp i               lttdgt                 ltdiv classprogress progresssuccess progressstriped active roleprogressbar ariavaluemin0 ariavaluemax100 ariavaluenow0gtltdiv classbar stylewidth0gtltdivgtltdivgt             lttdgt             lttd classstartgt if o.options.autoUpload                   ltbutton classbtn btnprimarygt                     lti classiconupload iconwhitegtltigt                     ltspangtlocale.fileupload.startltspangt                 ltbuttongt               lttdgt           else               lttd colspan2gtlttdgt                    lttd classcancelgt if i               ltbutton classbtn btnwarninggt                 lti classiconbancircle iconwhitegtltigt                 ltspangtlocale.fileupload.cancelltspangt             ltbuttongt           lttdgt     lttrgt    ltscriptgt lt The template to display files available for download gt ltscript idtemplatedownload typetextxtmplgt  for var i0, file fileo.files[i] i       lttr classtemplatedownload fadegt          if file.error               lttdgtlttdgt             lttd classnamegtltspangtfile.nameltspangtlttdgt             lttd classsizegtltspangto.formatFileSizefile.sizeltspangtlttdgt             lttd classerror colspan2gtltspan classlabel labelimportantgtlocale.fileupload.errorltspangt locale.fileupload.errors[file.error]  file.errorlttdgt           else               lttd classpreviewgt if file.thumbnailurl                   lta hreffile.url titlefile.name relgallery downloadfile.namegtltimg srcfile.thumbnailurlgtltagt               lttdgt             lttd classnamegt                 lta hreffile.url titlefile.name relfile.thumbnailurlampampgallery downloadfile.namegtfile.nameltagt             lttdgt             lttd classsizegtltspangto.formatFileSizefile.sizeltspangtlttdgt             lttd colspan2gtlttdgt                    lttd classdeletegt             ltbutton classbtn btndanger datatypefile.deletetype dataurlfile.deleteurlgt                 lti classicontrash iconwhitegtltigt                 ltspangtlocale.fileupload.destroyltspangt             ltbuttongt             ltinput typecheckbox namedelete value1gt         lttdgt     lttrgt    ltscriptgt codepre  pThen, the backbone partp  pjsviewsresources.js render the templatep  precodewindow.ResourcesView  Backbone.View.extend      initializefunction           this.render         fileupload.fileupload            fileUpload, this.el.fileuploadoption,             url resources              ,      renderfunction           this.el.htmlthis.template         return this        codepre  pmain.js p  precodevar AppRouter  Backbone.Router.extend      routes          resources          resources,     resources function         if this.resourcesView              this.resourcesView  new ResourcesView                  content.htmlthis.resourcesView.el          this.leftMenuView.selectMenuItemresourcelink         utils.loadTemplate[ResourcesView ], function      app  new AppRouter     Backbone.history.start  codepre  pAnd finally, my index.htmlp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langengt ltheadgt     ltmeta charsetutf8gt     lttitlegtMPact Applttitlegt     ltmeta namedescription contentgt     ltmeta nameauthor contentgt      ltstylegt         body              paddingtop 60px  60px to make the container go all the way to the bottom of the topbar               ltstylegt     ltlink hrefcssbootstrap.css relstylesheetgt     ltlink hrefcssstyles.css relstylesheetgt     ltlink hrefcssdocs.css relstylesheetgt      lt Generic page styles gt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefpluginjqueryfileuploadcssstyle.cssgt      lt CSS to style the file input field as button and adjust the Bootstrap progress bars gt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefpluginjqueryfileuploadcssjquery.fileuploadui.cssgt ltheadgt  ltbody dataspyscroll datatarget.subnav dataoffset50gt  ltdiv classheadergtltdivgt  ltdiv classcontainerfluidgt     ltdiv idleftmenu classsidebar leftgtltdivgt     ltdiv classcontent fixedfixedgt         ltdiv idcontent classspan12gtgtltdivgt     ltdivgt  ltdivgt    ltscript srclibjquery1.7.2.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srclibunderscoremin.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srclibbackbonemin.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srclibbootstrap.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript srclibbackbonemin.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript srcjsutils.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcjsviewsresources.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcjsmain.jsgtltscriptgt  lt Plugin instancegt ltscript srcpluginjqueryfileuploadjsvendorjquery.ui.widget.jsgtltscriptgt lt The Templates plugin is included to render the uploaddownload listings gt ltscript srchttpblueimp.github.comJavaScriptTemplatestmpl.min.jsgtltscriptgt lt The Load Image plugin is included for the preview images and image resizing functionality gt ltscript srchttpblueimp.github.comJavaScriptLoadImageloadimage.min.jsgtltscriptgt lt The Canvas to Blob plugin is included for image resizing functionality gt ltscript srchttpblueimp.github.comJavaScriptCanvastoBlobcanvastoblob.min.jsgtltscriptgt lt Bootstrap JS and Bootstrap Image Gallery are not required, but included for the demo gt ltscript srchttpblueimp.github.comcdnjsbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srchttpblueimp.github.comBootstrapImageGalleryjsbootstrapimagegallery.min.jsgtltscriptgt lt The Iframe Transport is required for browsers without support for XHR file uploads gt ltscript srcpluginjqueryfileuploadjsjquery.iframetransport.jsgtltscriptgt lt The basic File Upload plugin gt ltscript srcpluginjqueryfileuploadjsjquery.fileupload.jsgtltscriptgt lt The File Upload file processing plugin gt ltscript srcpluginjqueryfileuploadjsjquery.fileuploadfp.jsgtltscriptgt lt The File Upload user interface plugin gt ltscript srcpluginjqueryfileuploadjsjquery.fileuploadui.jsgtltscriptgt lt The localization script gt ltscript srcpluginjqueryfileuploadjslocale.jsgtltscriptgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 110 ppWhat is better way to do this when user enters data in the form and submits form data is sending to some site. It is made in user edit page. p I need to call another action when user submits form. pShould I use beforeedit filter or call it somehow in submit tag  pFor examplep  precode def do  perform some sending actions  end codepre  pIn my viewp  precode    ltdiv classsubmit gt   lt submittag Save, class gt btn wide,  controllerdopathgtltdivgt codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to run p  blockquote   pApplicationsMAMPbinphpphp5.4.3binpearp blockquote  pFrom Terminal on Mac OS X Lion. I get no output, using codehcode, codevcode, codeVcode and codeversioncode do not give any output either.p  pThere are also no errors.p  pI am running MAMP on Mac OS X Lion, both are clean installs.p  pstrongSlightly off topicstrongp  pI am at my whits end on this, at strongno pointstrong has PEAR ever worked first time or felt like something I can trust as a platform to reliably getupdate libraries. Why on earth is it even still around It also seems to be a requirement for installing things like Phing correctly for newer libraries like Propel ORM.p  pGetting Propel working is my ultimately goal. But why oh why do I have to use PEAR still, its old and rubbishp  pThanks for any help, Jakep
Negative 110 pa hrefhttpteothemes.comwp relnofollowhttpteothemes.comwpap  pI have some elements with height 100, but in safari the height of the page goes way after the content, it adds lots of empty lines without any content.p  pI tried removing the height 100, tried with height auto but without success.p  pIf anyone has any clue, I really appreciate itp  pThank you.p
Negative 110 pIs there any way to test if a type is Serializable by the NetDataContractSerializer in code Im writing a generic class that uses the NetDataContractSerializer internally and want to throw an exception in the constructor if there is an attempt to use it with a type that it cant handle.p
Negative 110 pI need to read a message via the SMPP protocol and save informacino in a database, as I can do this, I find much information to be sent, but I need specifically is capture by the C  language. NET if I can answer in SPANISH would be much better. Thank you.p
Negative 110 pI have a given COM function written in C, which returns a pointer to BYTEp  pstrongIDLstrongp  precodeHRESULT calculate[in] BSTR request, [out] BYTE result, [out] LONG size codepre  pstrongThe COM C codestrongp  precodeSTDMETHODIMP CalccalculateBSTR request, BYTE result, LONG size  calc   int csize  somesize   char cresult  somearray  copy to result   size  csize   result  new BYTE[csize1]   memcpyresult, cresult, csize   resultcsize  0  free and return   delete[] cresult   return SOK  codepre  pThis ends up in .NETC interop asp  precodecalculatestring request, [out] byte result, [out] int size codepre  pMy questionsp  ol lipwhat type to pass as 2nd parameter The C offered byte But it is a pointer to byte in C Is it okpli liphow to convert the 2nd parameter to byte[] in Cpli ol  pThanksp
Negative 110 pTake any OOPs language with referencing as basic structure like java and c.p  pFor fast execution, they also support primitive types like int and char. I think this is done by storing them on the stack. and object types on the heap.p  pso for thisp  precodeclass B   ...   class A     int a    B b  codepre  pIs A.a is in stack or on heap p
Negative 110 pI have modified my source directory by deleting certain files and done a codecommitcode. And I did a codepush origin mastercode to remote host, github.p  pNow I came to know that I need those files for proper functioning. Now I need a way to go back my prev codecommitcode and then codepushcode to my remote host.p  pIs it possible to do so Im very new to git, Im confused with it.p  pThanks in advance. p
Negative 110 pI just started with iOS development, so pardon if this is too simplep  pI have a project open in XCode, and when i created a new storyboardxibview.hview.m file it shows up in xcode just fine from the folder hierarchy. However, whenever i quit xcode and start xcode up again, the files disappear from the folder hierarchy. I have to manually then right click on the parent folder and do Add files to project each and every time. which works just fine until i restart XCodep  pWhats wrong with my configuration is my xcode.proj not being modified or something i think its locked under version control If so, where can i find this filep  por is it something else that im missing p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 110 pWith a fair bit of embarrassment, I wish to ask  determine the best way to map a LinqToSQL query to a POCO. I am not in a position to use EF at the moment, so sticking with LinqToSQL.p  pAs of now, I have a simple class as followsp  precodepublic class DiaryEvent      public Int64 ID  get set      public string ResourceCalendarID  get set      public string EventTitle  get set      public string Location  get set      public DateTime StartDate  get set      public DateTime EndDate  get set      public string Description  get set      public string ResourceColour  get set      public bool AllDay  get set   codepre  pMy LinqtoSQL LTS query is as followsp  precodeDataClassesDataContext db  new DataClassesDataContext var qry           from b in db.bookings          select b codepre  pBecause the database table bookings isntcant be created exactly as my DiaryEvent class, I am currently iterating over b likep  precodeListltDiaryEventgt EventList  new ListltDiaryEventgt foreach booking item in qry      EventList.Addnew DiaryEvent              AllDay  false,         Description  item.bookingDescription,         ID  item.bookingID,         StartDate  DateTimeitem.startDate,         EndDate  DateTimeitem.endDate,         EventTitle  item.bookingName,         Location  item.bookingLocation,         ResourceCalendarID  item.resourceID.ToString,         ResourceColour  item.bookingColour.Trim       codepre  pThis maps my data correctly, however I am not sure if this is the fastestmost correct way to achieve this I would be grateful for any feedback as to confirming if the above technique is acceptable, or if there are ways to improve upon thatp  pP.S  In fairness, there isnt going to be massive amounts of data to retrieve.. maybe a few hundred rows in any given circumstance.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 110 pI would like to achieve the following placementp  pTwo different texts in block floating  inline next to image. Everything inside div.p  pI have been trying with different display settings block  inline for text etc. but it is still not working.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZ0Efj.png altenter image description here p  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltdiv classresgt ltimg srcltphp echo img.row[sType]..pnggtgt ltspangtTITLEeltspangt ltspangtDescriptionltspangt ltdivgt   codepre  pstrongCSSstrongp  precode.res       height60px     backgroundcoloryellow     borderbottom1px solid black     textalignleft    .res img       margintop8.5px     marginleft5px     displayinline   .res span       displayblock  codepre
Negative 110 pI have a wordpress page with a login widget codeltdiv idwidgetsidebar classwidgetsonpagegtcode above the forum content. I would like to float it to the right and have the forum title to align vertically on the left, like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comMrgYZ.png altenter image description herep  pThe problem I am having is that the forum title is generated dynamically and so I cant place them in the same div. p  pAny ideasp  pHere is the source code  p  pp  precode        ltdiv idprimarygt             ltdiv idcontent rolemaingt                       ltdiv idwidgetsidebar classwidgetsonpagegt     ltulgtltli idwpsidebarlogin2 classwidget widgetwpsidebarlogingtlth2 classwidgettitlegtWelcome Adminlth2gtltdiv classavatarcontainergtltimg srchttplocalhostwordpresswpcontentpluginsuseravataruseravatarpic.phpsrchttplocalhostwordpresswpcontentuploadsavatars11344255249bpfull.jpgamp038w38amp038id1amp038random1344255249 alt class avatar  avatar38  photo user1avatar width38 height38 gtltdivgtltul classpagenavgtltli classpageitemgtlta hrefhttplocalhostwordpresswpadmingtDashboardltagtltligtltli classpageitemgtlta hrefhttplocalhostwordpresswpadminprofile.phpgtProfileltagtltligtltli classpageitemgtlta href httplocalhostwordpresswplogin.phpactionlogoutampampredirecttohttp3A2F2Flocalhost2Fwordpress2F3Fforum3Dnaforumampampwpnoncecaf8874286gtLogoutltagtltligtltulgtltligtltulgt   ltdivgtlt widgetsonpage gt      ltarticle idpost2901 classpost2901 forum typeforum statuspublish hentrygt         ltheader classentryheadergt                         lth1 classentrytitlegtlta hrefhttplocalhostwordpressforumnaforum titlePermalink to NA Forum relbookmarkgtNA Forumltagtlth1gt                       ltheadergtlt .entryheader gt codepre  pHere is the part of my forum page template that Im working withp  precode        ltdiv idprimarygt             ltdiv idcontent rolemaingt              ltphp widgetsontemplatewidgetsidebar gt              ltphp if  haveposts   gt                  ltphp twentyelevencontentnav navabove  gt                  ltphp  Start the Loop  gt                 ltphp while  haveposts   thepost gt                      ltphp gettemplatepart content, getpostformat  gt                  ltphp endwhile gt                  ltphp twentyelevencontentnav navbelow  gt codepre
Negative 110 pI have an XML that looks the Below.p  pI am trying to fill a filemaker record with all the values from each of the Image node attributes. p  pHowever notice that within the XML presented, if a Image node is used more than once, defined by its file id ,  its subsequent childrens elements are not present.p  pI have the current sample xsl below that is basically working but I would like to add a conditional evaluation to the stylesheet that says  In English if the key element does not exist the find the first preceding matching  and use the values from those elements. The same would apply for the string and reel elements.p  pThe result will fill each records columns with all the relevant data instead of what is now sometimes only partial data for such duplicated files.p  pApologies for my poor description.p  pAny help will be greatly appreciated.p  pXMLp  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltxmemlgt ltboxsetgt ltstreamgt     lttrackgt         ltimagegt             ltstartgt0ltstartgt             ltendgt90ltendgt             ltfile idabcdegt                 ltkeygt95ltkeygt                 ltstringgt1023ltstringgt                 lttimegt                     ltreelgt142ltreelgt                 lttimegt             ltfilegt         ltimagegt         ltimagegt             ltstartgt90ltstartgt             ltendgt120ltendgt             ltfile idbcdefgt                 ltkeygt55ltkeygt                 ltstringgt1023ltstringgt                 lttimegt                     ltreelgt64ltreelgt                 lttimegt             ltfilegt         ltimagegt     lttrackgt     lttrackgt         ltimagegt             ltstartgt120ltstartgt             ltendgt130ltendgt             ltfile idabcdegt         ltimagegt         ltimagegt             ltstartgt130ltstartgt             ltendgt180ltendgt             ltfile idcdefggt                 ltkeygt92ltkeygt                 ltstringgt1023ltstringgt                 lttimegt                     ltreelgt194ltreelgt                 lttimegt             ltfilegt         ltimagegt         lttrackgt ltstreamgt ltboxsetgt ltxmemlgt codepre  pXSLTp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 gt ltxslstylesheet version1.0 xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransformgt ltxsltemplate matchgt ltFMPXMLRESULT xmlnshttpwww.filemaker.comfmpxmlresultgt ltERRORCODEgt0ltERRORCODEgt ltPRODUCT BUILD11132002 NAMEFilemaker Pro VERSION6.0V4gt ltDATABASE DATEFORMATdMyyyy LAYOUT NAMEcombotest.fp7 RECORDS TIMEFORMAThmmss agt ltMETADATAgt  ltFIELD EMPTYOKYES MAXREPEAT1 NAMEstart TYPENUMBERgt ltFIELD EMPTYOKYES MAXREPEAT1 NAMEend TYPENUMBERgt ltFIELD EMPTYOKYES MAXREPEAT1 NAMEfileID TYPETEXTgt  ltFIELD EMPTYOKYES MAXREPEAT1 NAMEkey TYPENUMBERgt ltFIELD EMPTYOKYES MAXREPEAT1 NAMEstring TYPENUMBERgt ltFIELD EMPTYOKYES MAXREPEAT1 NAMEreel TYPENUMBERgt ltMETADATAgt ltxslforeach select image gt   ltRESULTSET FOUNDgt  ltROW MODID RECORDIDgt  ltCOLgtltDATAgtltxslvalueof select.start gtltDATAgtltCOLgt ltCOLgtltDATAgtltxslvalueof select.end gtltDATAgtltCOLgt ltCOLgtltDATAgtltxslvalueof select.fileid gtltDATAgtltCOLgt  ltCOLgtltDATAgtltxslvalueof select.filekey gtltDATAgtltCOLgt ltCOLgtltDATAgtltxslvalueof select.filestring gtltDATAgtltCOLgt ltCOLgtltDATAgtltxslvalueof select.filetimereel gtltDATAgtltCOLgt  ltROWgt  ltxslforeachgt   ltRESULTSETgtltFMPXMLRESULTgt ltxsltemplategt ltxslstylesheetgt codepre  pIf the XML were to be filled they way Id like to see it it would look like this.p  pIdeal XMLp  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltxmemlgt ltboxsetgt ltstreamgt     lttrackgt         ltimagegt             ltstartgt0ltstartgt             ltendgt90ltendgt             ltfile idabcdegt                 ltkeygt95ltkeygt                 ltstringgt1023ltstringgt                 lttimegt                     ltreelgt142ltreelgt                 lttimegt             ltfilegt         ltimagegt         ltimagegt             ltstartgt90ltstartgt             ltendgt120ltendgt             ltfile idbcdefgt                 ltkeygt55ltkeygt                 ltstringgt1023ltstringgt                 lttimegt                     ltreelgt64ltreelgt                 lttimegt             ltfilegt         ltimagegt     lttrackgt     lttrackgt         ltimagegt             ltstartgt120ltstartgt             ltendgt130ltendgt lt ideal data for repeated file abcde gt             ltfile idabcdegt                 ltkeygt95ltkeygt                 ltstringgt1023ltstringgt                 lttimegt                     ltreelgt142ltreelgt                 lttimegt             ltfilegt lt end ideal repeated data gt         ltimagegt         ltimagegt             ltstartgt130ltstartgt             ltendgt180ltendgt             ltfile idcdefggt                 ltkeygt92ltkeygt                 ltstringgt1023ltstringgt                 lttimegt                     ltreelgt194ltreelgt                 lttimegt             ltfilegt         ltimagegt         lttrackgt ltstreamgt ltboxsetgt ltxmemlgt codepre
Negative 110 pI have a webpage that allows users to download excel reports, in Chrome, it just tries to download an aspx page instead of the excel like it successfully does in IE and Firefox.p  pIs this a known issue and is there a workaroundp  pI am using this in VBp  precodedb.subRunReaderresultSQL dgProperties.DataSource  db.sqlReader dgProperties.DataBind db.subCloseReader db.subCloseConnection  Response.ContentType  applicationvnd.msexcel Response.Charset   Me.EnableViewState  False  Dim tw As New System.IO.StringWriter Dim hw As New System.Web.UI.HtmlTextWritertw dgProperties.RenderControlhw Response.Writetw.ToString Response.End Response.RedirectRequest.Url.ToString codepre  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pSuppose I have a struct like thatp  precodetypedef struct      char str     int len  INS codepre  pAnd an array of that struct.p  precodeINS ins[N]   ampitem, ampitem, ...  codepre  pWhen i try to access its elements, not as pointer, but as struct itself, all the fields are copied to a temporary local placep  precodefor int i  0 i lt N i      INS in  ins[i]      internaly the above line would be like      in.str  ins[i]gtstr      in.len  ins[i]gtlen  codepre  pp  pSo as I increase the structure fields that would be a more expensive assignment operationp
Negative 110 pworking on this in C Win Forms.p  phow do set a variable and after run the command copy  as the code is now, the Process1.startInfo.Arguments  k strongSETstrong etc. etc. is overwritting by the k strongCOPYstrong etc. etc. command and there for not executed.p  precode    public void OutputBtnProcessClickobject sender, EventArgs e              foreach FileInfo fi in listBox1.Items                      Process process1  new Process             process1.StartInfo.Arguments k Set filename fi.Name             process1.StartInfo.UseShellExecute  false             process1.StartInfo.Arguments  k copy b filename test.txt             process1.StartInfo.LoadUserProfile  true             process1.StartInfo.FileName  cmd.exe             process1.StartInfo.WorkingDirectory  Path.GetDirectoryNamefi.FullName             process1.Start               codepre
Negative 110 pWould you guys kindly enlighten me on the followingp  pSnippet 1p  precodepublic class ArrayKoPo       public static int[] getArray          return null           public static void mainString args[]          int i  0         try              int j  getArray[i]          catch Exception e              System.out.printlni prints 1 lt This one I expected.                codepre  pSnippet 2p  precodepublic class ArrayKoPo       public static int[][] getArray          return null           public static void mainString args[]          int i  0         try              int j  getArray[i][i]          catch Exception e              System.out.printlni still prints 1 lt This one I dont understand. I thought 2 will be printed.                codepre  pHow come the variable i is not incremented twice in the second block of codep  pWhat am I missingp  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pI have a webpage with a lot of items in it. On the page, I would like to have an animation. Specifically, I am thinking about an animated gif. In Photoshop, I already tried to create a few animated gifs, but they dont animate smoothly like the one in this post. p  pMy animation should be exactly like this one, I just would like to replace the black circles with a custom image img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAbnTu.gif altballs line p  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 110 pConsider the sample code below consisting of a Class Library emdesignem and an executable Program using the library.p  precodenamespace AppLib       ltsummarygt      Entry point for library. Stage manages all the actors in the logic.      ltsummarygt     class StageApp               ltsummarygt          Setting that is looked up by different actors          ltsummarygt         public int SharedSetting  get set            ltsummarygt          Stage managing actors with app logic          ltsummarygt         public IEnumerableltActorgt Actors  get  return mactors.Wherex gt x.Execute gt 40.ToArray            private ListltActorgt mactors  new ListltActorgt            ltsummarygt      An object on the stage. Refers to stage sharedsettings and execute depending on the settings.      Hence actor should have reference to stage      ltsummarygt     class Actor              private StageApp mStageApp          private int mProperty           ltsummarygt          An actor that needs to refer to stage to know what behavior to execute          ltsummarygt          ltparam namestagegtltparamgt         public ActorStageApp stage                      mStageApp  stage             mProperty  new Random.Next                    ltsummarygt          Execute according to stage settings          ltsummarygt          ltreturnsgtltreturnsgt         public int Execute                      return mStageApp.SharedSetting  mProperty                 namespace AppExe      using AppLib      class Program              static void Mainstring[] args                      StageApp app  new StageApp             app.SharedSetting  5               Question How to add actor to stage              foreach var actor in app.Actors                 Console.WriteLineactor.Execute                codepre  pstrongQuestionstrongp  pcodeStagecode and codeActorcode have circular dependency and seems bad to me. For example, how should we add actors to stagep  pIf I let user to create new codeActorcode themselves,  then they must keep on supplying the codeStagecode.p  pIf I give codeActorcode an internal constructor and make codeStagecode a factory, then I lose some of the flexibility for users to do making inherited codeActorcodes.p  pIf I make codeStagecode a singleton, then I can only have one set of codeSharedSettingcode. In case the user wants more than one codeStagecode in his codeAppExecode, then it cannot be done.p  pIs there anyway to redesign the architecture so as to avoid the problems abovep
Negative 110 pThis is just a consideration for a site am creating and for other big sites out there.p  pI am using Identity Column to store the ID of some of my tables and I have classes whose Id are decorated with codeInt32code to hold the value of the ID retrieved from database.p  pMy worry is that as the site grows bigger, some tables that grows exponentially e.g codeQuestionCommentscode might exceed the codeInt32code limit in future. So I change my class to use codelongcode.p  precodepublic class Question     public long QuestionID  get set     ...  codepre  pConverting database value to .Net typep  precode Question q  new Question  q.QuestionID  Convert.ToInt32myDataRow[QuestionID] codepre  pHow true is my assumption Would using a UniqueIdentifier be better Are there other way to address thisp
Negative 110 pI basically want to know how global variables work in a javascriptJQuery environment. I am most familiar with a language called a hrefhttpprocessing.org relnofollowprocessinga which Ive been told is javabased. I expected variables in javascript and JQuery to behave like the ones in processing, but they do NOT work as I expect and I cannot for the life of me wrap my head around it. p  pI have a very simple example made up to illustrate my confusionp  precode var what   document.readyfunction       p.clickfunction              whatp                   ifwhatp             alertwhat            end if  end doc ready codepre  pIn processing, this would work because the what variable is global and as it is changed by clicking on a paragraph, the if statement should be continuously checking to see if whatp, and trigger the alert. But that is not what happens what only seems to be updated WITHIN the click function, even though it is a global variable, so when it comes to the if statement, what still equals  instead of p.p  pIf someone could explain why this happens, I will be very grateful p
Negative 110 pIm using a ManagementEventWatcher in my C library which is imported referenced into another project. The problem I have is that in my case the ManagementEventWatcher has to be stopped and disposed before my application is closed.  Im only allowed to modify the library and not the applications which will implement the library.p  pIve tried the followingp  precodepublic class MyClassIDisposable ... codepre  pAnd thenp  precode public void Dispose                      wmiWatcherRemoved.Stop             wmiWatcherRemoved.Dispose          codepre  pBut Dispose will never be executed. So the applications get the following exceptionp  precodeCOM object that has been separated from its underlying RCW can not be used codepre  pAny ideas Thank you for your efforts.p
Negative 110 pI will not paste the whole program, but just the included files and the errors, as I am very sure, the error lies there itselfp  pFiles included in VS 2010p  precodeinclude ltcstdlibgt include ltwindows.hgt include iostream include conio.h include vector include math.h include ltstring.hgt include ltbitsetgt codepre  pFiles included in Visual C 6.0p  precodeinclude ltcstdlibgt include ltwindows.hgt include iostream include conio.h include vector include math.h include ltstring.hgt include ltbitsetgt include ltStringgt codepre  pWell, there is just one difference, I added codeinclude ltStringgtcode in Visual C 2006, this particular file reduced  the error which read asp  blockquote   perror C2678 binary   no operator defined which takes a lefthand operand of type  class stdbasicstring,class stdallocator     or there is no acceptable conversionp blockquote  pThe other major errors I am still facing in VS2006 arep  pLine  codestr.appendtostringlong doublevaluecodep  pError codeerror C2065 tostring  undeclared identifiercodep  pLine codevector ltvector ltfloatgtgt distOfSectionPoint, momentAtSectionPoint, preFinalMoment, finalMoments, momentAtSectionPtOnPtLoadProfile code p  pError codeerror C2208 class stdvector  no members defined using this typecodep  pCan anyone explain what goes wrong in Visual C 2006p
Negative 110 pI have following 2 recordsets p  pRecordset 1p  precodeId  isVal  isVal1 1   Y      N 2   Y      N codepre  pRecordset 2p  precodeId  isVal  isVal1 2   N      Y 3   N      Y codepre  pActual recordset required isp  precodeId  isVal  isVal1 1  Y       N 2  Y       Y 3  N       Y codepre  pShould I use join Can you please advice me how can I solve thisp
Negative 110 pIll try to put this as clearly as I can, but Im all too aware that I may be asking the wrong question.  I have a datagrd in WPF .NET 4.0, which I bind to a datatable in a dataset.  The relevant codebehind running on window load isp  precode create a connection to Top Trumps database String cs  ConfigurationManager.ConnectionStrings[csTopTrumps].ConnectionString SqlConnection cn  new SqlConnectioncs   create a new dataset DataSet ds  new DataSet   open the connection not strictly necessary, as the  data adapter will do this when you use it anyway cn.Open   fill data table called Cards with contents of tblCard SqlDataAdapter daCards  new SqlDataAdapter daCards.SelectCommand  new SqlCommandSELECT  FROM tblCard ORDER BY CardTitle, cn daCards.Fillds, Cards   now set the data context for the entire window this.DataContext  ds codepre  pMy datagrid definition beginsp  precodeltDataGrid ItemsSourceBinding Tables[Cards] codepre  pAll of that works fine, and I understand it.  I now want to make the databinding two way, so that changes made in the datagrid will update back to the underlying database.  I know that one way I can do this is by getting at the values of changed rows and using a tableadapter with an Update method to write any changes made back to the underlying database perhaps on something like the SelectedCellsChanged event, or similar.  However, any approach like this is difficult to implement, because getting at cell values in codebehind in WPF is difficult and my understanding is that this is the wrong way to go, as I should be using the WPF framework, so help me.p  pSo ... how can I set twoway databinding to do the work for me  Ive seen people mention setting datagrid properties likep  precodeSelectedItemBinding PathSelectedIndex,ModeTwoWay codepre  pbut I dont understand how I could get this to work with data adapters and datasets.  What I dont want is any solution involving MVVM or models, as Im not using these and yes, I probably should be, I know.  I also want to avoid reams of complicated C code, involving observable collections, recursive searches through the control hierarchy to find parents and suchlike.p  pIve searched for a long time, and I THINK what Im asking does exist  if not, please tell me it doesnt, and apologies for wasting your time, gentle readerp
Negative 110 pI need to create a dropdown menu in Codigniter and the values will pulled from a database table. The data contains a group of movies, I need to be able to populate the data into the menu.p  pHow should I do thisp
Negative 110 pI have a PHP page that lists a bunch of words that it grabs from a MySQL database table. It displays the words in different sizes based on a count in the tablep  precodeltphp  selectStr  select  from test   if results  MySQLdbName, selectStr     rowCount  MySQLNUMROWSresults     i  0  while i lt rowCount     echo ltdiv stylefloat left fontsize . MySQLRESULTresults,i,count  5 . pxgt . MySQLRESULTresults,i,word . ltdivgt   i   gt codepre  pThe trick is that I want the content to display dynamically. So if a user is sitting on the page, and one of the word counts goes up, I want the word to change size without the user refreshing the page.p  pI am a novice with jQuery. I have used it a bit before, but only using examples. Can someone steer me in a good direction to have my page dynamically change the content without refreshingp
Negative 110 pI have an Excel sheet as followsp  precodeColumn A  Column B  Column C  MyCorp    23.30     13.00 Acme      99.40     10.85 Acme      11.30     61.80 Acme      1.99      2.00 Acme      24.85     14.76 NewBiz    11.00     15.00 NewBiz    44.00     44.22 codepre  pI have several hundred of these records and would like to get summaries totals of column B and C for each Column A company name  taking into account if there is more than one record for a company the totals should be addedp  pHow could this be accomplished within Excelp
Negative 110 pI am new to c , Im trying to do small experiments with geckofx. I can navigate, but I have a problem with the DOM of html. I dont understand why this simple piece of code does not write the links are on the page. took hours proving different things but nothing works, someone can tell me where I am wrong here.p  pThank you for your time in advance.p  pSorry for my bad english, Im learning it p  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.ComponentModel using System.Data using System.Drawing using System.Linq using System.Text using System.Windows.Forms using Skybound.Gecko using System.Diagnostics  namespace WindowsFormsApplication8      public partial class Form1  Form              public Form1                      InitializeComponent             String xulPath  Application.StartupPath  xulrunner             Xpcom.InitializexulPath                   private void Form1Loadobject sender, EventArgs e                       web.Navigatehttpes.wikipedia.orgwikiBlog             System.Threading.Thread.Sleep25000             Debug.WriteLinehola             GeckoElementCollection links  web.Document.GetElementsByTagNamea             foreach GeckoElement link in links                              Debug.WriteLinelink.GetAttributehref                                  private void webClickobject sender, EventArgs e                              codepre
Negative 110 pSuppose I want to bind a generic type here codeDictionaryltstring, stringgtcode to a Repeater using the new ASP.NET 4.5 strongly typed data binding.p  pThen I would have to put down codeKeyValuePairltstring, stringgtcode as the ItemType Property of the Repeater.p  precodeltaspRepeater idrpCategories runatserver ItemTypeSystem.Collections.Generic.KeyValuePairltstring, stringgtgt codepre  pThere is an obvious problem here strongI can not use codeltcode or codegtcode within the ItemType textstrongp  pHow would one go about this Is the use of generics possible somehow with the new data binding modelp
Negative 110 pI have centred 3 divs, but the grouping is offcentre by about 1020 pixels.  Why is this, and how do I fix it  I am using Google Chrome.p  pHeres the code a hrefhttpjsbin.comagicit2 relnofollowjsbinap  pOr you can view the code belowbr HTMLp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta charsetutf8 gt lttitlegtJS Binlttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltdiv idcontainergt     ltdiv classcsectgtltdivgt     ltdiv classcsectgtltdivgt     ltdiv classcsectgtltdivgt      ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pCSSp  precodecontainer      width 800px     margintop 20px     marginleft auto     marginright auto   .csect      display inline     float left     marginleft 25px     marginright 25px     backgroundcolor E0E0E0     width 200px     height 200px   codepre  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 110 pWhat could be the correct strongRegExstrong to create a new Todo pattern to list all the Debug. calls from my solutionp  pThis Expression is for the TODO items p  precodeltWltTAGgtTODOW. codepre  pThnxp
Negative 110 pI have a custom shell script to make twitter bootstrap from source and then move the files to my node.js apps lib filep  precoderm r bootstrap make bootstrap mv f bootstrapcss ....libpubliccss mv f bootstrapimg ....libpublicimg mv f bootstrapjs ....libpublicjs codepre  pRunning this from the shell works just fine using .makebootstrap.shp  pNow Ive created a Makefile for my full app mainly compiling coffeescript and easy test initialization and want to have a command that executes this custom shell script to build bootstrap. Here is my makefilep  precodeREPORTER  spec  all build  build     .nodemodulescoffeescriptbincoffee          c          o lib src  bootstrap     .srcbootstrap          .makebootstrap.sh  clean     rm rf lib     mkdir lib  watch     .nodemodulescoffeescriptbincoffee          o lib          cw src  test     .nodemodulesmochabinmocha          reporter REPORTER          test.coffee  .PHONY build bootstrap clean watch test codepre  pwith the relevant command being make bootstrap. However when I run make bootstrap from the command line all I get is this errorp  precodemake .srcbootstrap Permission denied make  [bootstrap] Error 1 codepre  pOriginally I had assumed that it was a permission error but even setting all permissions on files chmod 777 results in nothing. Files I have given full permissions at this point include the root Makefile, my custom shell script in the bootstrap folder and the makefile within the bootstrap folder itself.p
Negative 110 pI have a codeSettings.bundlecode and inside there i have one codeRoot.plistcode. p  pIn that i have a codePSSliderPreferncecode and i want to show its value when a user set a value in device codeSettingscode page.p  pThanks in advanceimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com69skd.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pMy android application connect do an external database using a Web Service. In one case I have strongEnormousstrong number of data, and I got strongout of memory exceptionstrongp  precode0909 200559.441 ERRORdalvikvm4688 Out of memory Heap Size15751KB, Allocated14962KB, Bitmap Size687KB 0909 200559.451 WARNdalvikvm4688 threadid23 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x4001e390 0909 200559.462 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688 Uncaught handler thread AsyncTask 5 exiting due to uncaught exception 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688 java.lang.RuntimeException An error occured while executing doInBackground 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at android.os.AsyncTask3.doneAsyncTask.java200 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerSetExceptionFutureTask.java273 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.setExceptionFutureTask.java124 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerRunFutureTask.java307 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runFutureTask.java137 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1068 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java561 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java1102 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688 Caused by java.lang.OutOfMemoryError 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.lang.AbstractStringBuilder.enlargeBufferAbstractStringBuilder.java97 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.lang.AbstractStringBuilder.append0AbstractStringBuilder.java142 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.lang.StringBuilder.appendStringBuilder.java124 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at org.json.JSONTokener.nextStringJSONTokener.java252 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at org.json.JSONTokener.nextValueJSONTokener.java316 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at org.json.JSONObject.ltinitgtJSONObject.java204 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at org.json.JSONTokener.nextValueJSONTokener.java319 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at org.json.JSONObject.ltinitgtJSONObject.java204 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at org.json.JSONTokener.nextValueJSONTokener.java319 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at org.json.JSONArray.ltinitgtJSONArray.java116 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at org.json.JSONArray.ltinitgtJSONArray.java150 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at se.softwerk.timelog.activity.ViewActivity.setTasksViewActivity.java219 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at se.softwerk.timelog.activity.ViewActivity.fetchTasksViewActivity.java133 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at se.softwerk.timelog.activity.ViewActivity.access9ViewActivity.java110 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at se.softwerk.timelog.activity.ViewActivityLoadingDataFromServer.doInBackgroundViewActivity.java420 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at se.softwerk.timelog.activity.ViewActivityLoadingDataFromServer.doInBackgroundViewActivity.java1 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at android.os.AsyncTask2.callAsyncTask.java185 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerRunFutureTask.java305 0909 200559.731 ERRORAndroidRuntime4688     ... 4 more codepre  pThis is my classp  precodeprivate class LoadingDataFromServer extends AsyncTaskltVoid, Void, Voidgt           Override         public void onPreExecute              progress  ProgressDialog.showViewActivity.this, null,Loading ..., true                   Override         protected void onPostExecuteVoid result              try                  ListView lv  ListView mainactivity.findViewByIdR.id.listTask                 lv.setAdapternew TaskAdaptermainactivity                 progress.dismiss              catch Exception e                  System.out.printlne.getMessage                                Override         protected Void doInBackgroundVoid... params              try                  fetchTasks              catch Exception e       DOES NOT WORK                 progress.dismiss                 Toast.makeTextViewActivity.this, Enormous number of data, select smaller criteria, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                 finish                          return null               codepre  pHow can I catch this Exception in codedoInBackgroundcode My current trying does not work.p
Negative 110 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12348102sqlquerythrowingerrorSql Query throwing errora  p blockquote    pI am trying a query for retrieving records according to divisions and display according to months and i have to sum up the salary allowance month wise, nd also show them month wise.p  pHeres the query im trying p  precodeselect       pmc.[month] as Month,      pmc.pdnameofproject as Name of Project,     tbldiv.name AS Name of Advisory Services Division,     TBLPMCUNIT.UNITNAME AS Name of Unit,     pmc.pdprojecttype as Project Type,     pmc.acceptedtendercost as Accepted Tender Cost,     pmc.workorderdate as Work Order Date,     pmc.tenderperiodmonths as Tender Period,     pmc.projectcompletiondate as Project Completion Date,     pmc.perpmccharges as  Of PMC Charges,     pmc.totalpmcchargesscheme as Total PMC amount   of the Scheme,     pmc.billamountcertifieduptopreviousmonth as Bill amount certified upto previous Month,          pmc.totalPMCchargesuptopreviousmonth as Total PMC charges  upto previous Month,     pmc.receiptPMCchargesuptopreviousmonth as Receipt of PMC Charges upto previous Month,     pmc.balanceofPMCchargesuptopreviousmonth as Balance of PMC charges upto previous Month,     pmc.billamountcertifiedcurrentmonth as Bill amount certified During Current Month,     pmc.PMCchargesforcurrentmonth as  PMC charges  During Current Month,     pmc.receiptPMCchargescurrentmonth as Receipt of PMC Charges During Current Monthh,     pmc.balanceofPMCchargescurrentmonth as Balance of PMC charges During Current Month,     SUMpmc.salaryallowance as Salary amp Allowance Division FROM      TBLPMC pmc          INNER JOIN TBLDIV              ON TBLDIV.ID  pmc.DIVID         LEFT OUTER JOIN TBLPMCUNIT              ON TBLPMCUNIT.IDpmc.UNITID   WHERE      pmc.divid 17      and pmc.unitidunitid group by       pmc.[month] codepre  pIm having the following error   Column TBLPMC.pdnameofproject is invalid in the select list because it is not contained in either an aggregate function or the GROUP BY clause.  I dont want to use aggregate functions on all columns....just a few columns i have to sum upp
Negative 110 phey i am using the following code to make cascading dropdown in which , i made one function xyz in which am ajax is called who call a servlet and set the value in result variable , the value in result is in separated by comma so i split it with comma and the store into second drop down .. now the problem is when i change the 1st dropdown 2nd dropdown is not populated but the ajax is called , and when i change the value second time then 2nd dropdwn is populate with wrong value which is i select previews .. please tell me whats wrongp  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt     ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetUTF8gt      ltlink relstylesheet hrefjsdojodijitthemesclarodocument.cssgt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefjsdojodijitthemesclaroclaro.css gt     ltscript srcjsdojodojodojo.js datadojoconfig parseOnLoad truegtltscriptgt     ltscriptgt         dojo.requiredijit.form.ComboBox         dojo.requiredojo.data.ItemFileReadStore         dojo.requiredojo.ready         dojo.requiredojo.store.Memory         require[dojoparser, dijitformComboBox,dijitformTextBox,dojodomconstruct]      function xyz       dojo.xhrPost              The URL to request             url populate,             timeout   3000 ,             content                  username document.getElementByIdstate.value              ,              load functionresult                           require[dijitformComboBox, dojoready,dojostoreMemory],                  functionComboBox,ready,Memory                      readyfunction                           dojo.connectdijit.byIdstate, onChange, function                               var stateSelect  dijit.byIdstateSelect                              if stateSelect                                  stateSelect  new ComboBoxid stateSelect,nameselect,value Select,searchAttrname,stateSelect                                                            var strarray  result.split,                              var data  []                             dojo.forEachstrarray, functionitem, idx                                  data.push                                     id idx,                                     name item                                                                                      stateSelect.setstore, new Memorydata data                                                            dojo.connect                          ready                         require                                   ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbody classclarogt      ltselect datadojotypedijit.form.ComboBox idstate namestate onchangexyz  gt          ltoption selectedgtAndaman Nicobarltoptiongt         ltoptiongtAndhra Pradeshltoptiongt         ltoptiongtArunachal Pradeshltoptiongt       ltselectgt      ltselect datadojotypedijit.form.ComboBox idstateSelect namestateSelectgt      ltselectgt   ltbodygt codepre  pp
Negative 110 pThere are two objects of the same classp  precodeobj1  new MyClass obj2  new MyClass codepre  pThen I applied a function codefunccode to codeobj2code. However, once this function is executed, I noticed that the content of codeobj1code has magically changed as well. I do not use any reference to codeobj1code inside codefunccode. What might be the possible reasons of this problem How do I solve itp  precodeobj2  funcobj2,vars codepre  pI should say that I use other functions before codefunccode, and they also use codeobj2code as an input. However, after their execution the content of codeobj1code get not changed.p  pP.S. When I debug this code in Zend Studio and go inside func, Watch list Expressions says that codeobj1  nullcode, but I think its fine, because codefunccode is saved in a different PHP file.p
Negative 110 pI have created CSS onHover popup as given a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netumeshpatil86FuaRJ1 relnofollowherea. but problem is, User should be able to click the Register a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netumeshpatil86FuaRJ1 relnofollowlinka in the example. here, Popup disappears as I move the mouse aware form the link.  Can anyone tell how it could be achieved p  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv classhow  fleftgt lth7gtlta hrefhowitworksgtHow does this workltagtlth7gt ltdiv classhowworks bubbleoutergt ltdiv classnavigationuparrowgtltdivgt ltdiv classbodygt lth4gtHow It Workslth4gt ltol classbubbleinnergt ltligtTell Us Whats Wrong ltligt     ltli classgt  lta hrefgtRegisterltagt to Get Quotes from Local Shopshere  ltligt ltli class boldtxt gtCall Shop  Get Vehicle Serviced ltligt ltligtGet Cash Back ltligt ltolgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pBelow CSS is used for onHover PopUpp  precode.how h7hover  .howworks      display block  codepre
Negative 110 pI know there were several similar threads here and on the net but I seem to be doing something wrong, I guess. My task is easy  write and later read a big array of integers int [] or ArrayList or what you think is best to a file. The faster the better. My concrete array has about 4.5M integers in it and currently the times are for example in msp  ul liGenerating trie 14851.13071li liGenerating array 2237.4661619999997li liSaving array 89250.167617li liLoading array 114908.08185799999li ul  pThis is unacceptable and I guess the times should be much lower. What am I doing wrong I dont need the fastest method on earth but getting these times to about 5  15 seconds less is welcome but not mandatory is my goal.p  pMy current codep  precodelong start  System.nanoTime  Node trie  dawg.generateTriedict.txt long afterGeneratingTrie  System.nanoTime ArrayListltIntegergt array  dawg.generateArraytrie long afterGeneratingArray  System.nanoTime  try      new ObjectOutputStreamnew FileOutputStreamtest.txt.writeObjectarray  catch Exception e      Logger.getLoggerDawgTester.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, e  long afterSavingArray  System.nanoTime  ArrayListltIntegergt read  new ArrayListltIntegergt try      read  ArrayListnew ObjectInputStreamnew FileInputStreamtest.txt.readObject  catch Exception e      Logger.getLoggerDawgTester.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, e  long afterLoadingArray  System.nanoTime  System.out.printlnGenerating trie   0.000001  afterGeneratingTrie  start System.out.printlnGenerating array   0.000001  afterGeneratingArray  afterGeneratingTrie System.out.printlnSaving array   0.000001  afterSavingArray  afterGeneratingArray System.out.printlnLoading array   0.000001  afterLoadingArray  afterSavingArray codepre
Negative 110 pI need to write a program that uses multiple threads. I need to use the run method after creating my thread objects. This run method seems to be built in. However, I need to write it and I need it to run a loop every time it is called. Can anyone help me understand how to do thisp
Negative 110 pI am running my java app through the Run button, not Debug.p  pHowever, if certain condition is met I would like to break into the debugger.p  pI do not want to run it with a conditional breakpoint through the Debug button, because this particular conditional breakpoint will be tested thousands and thousands of times, slowing the overall execution considerably. p  pI could have an if statement with a breakpoint inside, however, I have noticed that the Debug configuration is generally significantly slower than the Run configuration.p  pEssentially, I am looking for the codeDebugger.Launchcode equivalent of .NET.p
Negative 110 pI am following the Qt example listed in the QtSDK titled Getting Started Programming with Qt. My problem is that the program doesnt display any of the objects.p  pMy main.cpp looks like so p  precodeinclude ltQtGuigt  include ltnotepad.hgt  int mainint argv, char args       QApplication appargv, args      QVBoxLayout layout      Notepad notepad      QWidget window     window.setLayoutamplayout      window.show      return app.exec  codepre  pThe notepad.h file p  precodeifndef NOTEPADH define NOTEPADH  include ltQtGuigt  class Notepad  public QMainWindow       QOBJECT      public         Notepad      private slots         void open         void save         void quit      private         QTextEdit textedit          QAction openaction         QAction saveaction         QAction exitaction          QMenu filemenu   endif  NOTEPADH codepre  pThe notepad.cpp filep  precodeinclude notepad.h  NotepadNotepad       openaction  new QActiontrampOpen, this     saveaction  new QActiontrampSave, this     exitaction  new QActiontrampExit, this      connectopenaction, SIGNALtriggered, this, SLOTopen     connectsaveaction, SIGNALtriggered, this, SLOTsave     connectexitaction, SIGNALtriggered, qApp, SLOTquit      filemenu  menuBargtaddMenutrampFile     filemenugtaddActionopenaction     filemenugtaddActionsaveaction     filemenugtaddSeparator     filemenugtaddActionexitaction      textedit  new QTextEdit     setCentralWidgettextedit      setWindowTitletrNotepad   void Notepadopen       ...   void Notepadsave       ...   void Notepadquit    codepre  pAny help in resolving the matter would be much appreciated.p  pstrongEditstrongp  pMy original question asked why I was I was getting a compile time error for not implementing the quit function incase you are wondering .p
Negative 110 pI require the use of codeLoadLibrarycode and codeGetProcAddresscode to call functions from some dlls which plug into my app, but I dont want them to be able to hang my program by containing an infinite loop or hanging themselves, so Im trying to use codeboostthreadcode no experience to circumvent that. However, if a function does hang, I crash with ACCESSDENIED 0x00000005 when calling codeFreeLibrarycode to clean up.p  pHeres a minimal DLL codemydll.dllcode that reproduces the problemp  precodeextern C      void declspecdllexport foo          for lt infinite loop       codepre  pAnd heres a minimal cpp that crashes. Ive left out error checking for brevity, but I can assure you no errors are givenp  precodeinclude ltboostthread.hppgt include ltiostreamgt include ltwindows.hgt  int main      using FuncType  void       HMODULE dll  LoadLibrarymydll.dll      FuncType func  FuncTypeGetProcAddressdll, foo      boostthread thr  [func] func      if thr.timedjoinboostposixtimeseconds1          stdcout ltlt Timed out.         thr.detach         FreeLibrarydll           for   codepre  pUpon running this, Timed out. is printed and the call stack gdb on CodeBlocks at the crash is as followsp    precode0 00000000 0x6c1c1214 in   1 0040133E operator closureltoptimized outgt C...thread test.cpp17 5 00000000 0x00000000 in   codepre  pWithout optimizations, that becomesp    precode0 00000000 0x6c1c1214 in   1 00401348 operator closure0x898f90 C...thread test.cpp17 2 00401780 boostdetailthreaddataltmainltlambdagt gtrunvoidthis0x898f70 c...boostthreaddetailthread.hpp62 5 00000000 0x00000000 in   codepre  pThe first thing I tried was adding in the codethr.detachcode line that I commented out above, but that produced the same result.p  pIve also tried the following to no availp  ul liReplacing the lambda with a function Im not sure how well Boost fits in with C11 stuff  crashesli liCommenting out the codeFreeLibrarycode line  works fine, but Id rather free it after loading it, even if it is referencebased. Im also cautious about that kind of behaviour working later on.li liReplacing the infinite loop in the DLL with one that returns  works fine, but I cant count on thatli liNot using codeLoadLibrarycode or anything and inlining the infinite loop  works fine, but I need to use DLLsli ul  blockquote   pboostthread thr  []for p blockquote  pThe DLL and cpp were both compiled on Windows 7 64bit using GCC 4.7.1 with 32bit output types. My version of Boost is 1.49.0. If memory serves, I think I got one or two tests in on Windows XP 32bit same compiler etc before moving to a different computer as well.p  pWhy is this crashing How can I ensure a function I call dynamically doesnt hang my programp
Negative 110 pRecently I have written a pair of applications with JAVASwing with a simple GUIp  ul liA JScrollPaneli liIn the first application, there is a JTextArea inside the JScrollPane, and in the second one there is a JTable.li ul  pThey look OK, they work OK. Until I executed then on a Windows 7 tablet HP Slate. They both look empty, with a tiny symbol in the middle. This picture shows how the first application the JTextArea one looks over the tabletp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comj10x5.png altenter image description herep  pWhats the problem here and how can I solve itp  pIm showing the code, but since it looks fine when using a computer, I guess this is not the problemp  precodeimport java.io. import java.net.  import java.util.Date import java.text.DateFormat import java.text.SimpleDateFormat  import java.awt.GridBagLayout import java.awt.GridBagConstraints import java.awt.Dimension import java.awt.Toolkit  import javax.swing.JFrame import javax.swing.JTextArea import javax.swing.JOptionPane import javax.swing.JScrollPane import javax.swing.text.DefaultCaret  class EstacionBase extends JFrame     private static final long serialVersionUID  1L  private static final String logFile  log.txt  private DateFormat df private FileWriter logWriter  private Socket sisnetSocket private ServerSocket serverSocket private Socket clientSocket private BufferedWriter outToPlane private BufferedWriter outToDataServer private BufferedReader inputFromDataServer private JTextArea console  private boolean terminated  public EstacionBase      setTitleBase station     createGUI     pack     setResizablefalse     setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE     setLocationRelativeTonull     setVisibletrue      try         df  new SimpleDateFormat [hhmmss]         logWriter  new FileWriterSystem.getPropertyuser.dir    logFile, true         serverSocket  new ServerSocketPORT  A socket I use for listening for connections      catchIOException e         JOptionPane.showMessageDialogthis, e.getMessage, Error, JOptionPane.ERRORMESSAGE           mainLoop  doing some stuff      try         logWriter.close         serverSocket.close      catchIOException e         JOptionPane.showMessageDialogthis, e.getMessage, Error, JOptionPane.ERRORMESSAGE        private void createGUI      setLayoutnew GridBagLayout     GridBagConstraints c  new GridBagConstraints     c.gridx  0     c.gridy  0     c.fill  GridBagConstraints.BOTH      console  new JTextArea40, 80     JScrollPane scroll  new JScrollPaneconsole     DefaultCaret caret  DefaultCaret console.getCaret     caret.setUpdatePolicyDefaultCaret.ALWAYSUPDATE  Autoscroll     console.setTextWelcome to base station     console.setEditablefalse     console.setVisibletrue     addscroll, c   private void writeToConsoleString msg throws IOException     Date now  new Date     String timeStr  df.formatnow     console.appendn     console.appendtimeStr     msg     writeToLogFilemsg, timeStr   private void writeToLogFileString msg, String timeStr throws IOException     logWriter.writetimeStr     msg  CRLF         logWriter.flush           public static void mainString[] arg          EstacionBase frame  new EstacionBase        codepre
Negative 110 pIts great that I can develop Blackberry software on OS X. I need to run the desktop software to gain access to the device from the JDE. When I start a debug session I cant set breakpoints, but I can see System.out on the JDE console. Problem is that the phone cant see filestore... error 10003 Research shows that as long as desktop is connected the phone then the running application doesnt have access to the file system. Disconnecting phone from finder doesnt help. Disconnecting blackberry desktop terminates the debug session.p  pSo, the question how can I keep the JDE debugger connected with an application that reads and writes files on the phonep
Negative 110 pI keep getting this error when trying to run the codep  precodelet exp lambda x y if  y 1 x  exp x  y 1 x codepre  pErrorp  precodelet bad syntax in let exp lambda x y if  y 1 x  exp x  y 1 x codepre  pMy function is supposed to define recursive exponentiation, but Im having problems with let.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to implement a simple BigNumber package in c, that can perform arithmetic operations. However, Im stuck. Im fairly new at c, so Im not sure if Im using pointers and references right.p  pHeres my code so farp  precodedefine MAXPARTS 60  struct BigNumber      int parts[MAXPARTS]   typedef struct BigNumber BigNumber  BigNumber newBigNumber      BigNumber bi     int i     fori  0 i lt MAXPARTS i              bi.parts[i]  0          return bi   void setPartToBigNumber bigNumber, int i, int value      bigNumber.parts[i]  value   int getPartBigNumber bigNumber, int i, int value      return bigNumber.parts[i]   BigNumber addBigNumber a, BigNumber b      int carrier  0     BigNumber result  ampnewBigNumber     int i     fori  0 i lt MAXPARTS i              setPartToresult, i, getParta, igetPartb, icarrier          return result  codepre  pI get an error at the setPartTo line in the add function. It says it expected a struct BigNumber  but got a BigNumber. I have been trying to change the thing before result, adding amp and removing  where it looked reasonable, but so far, I havent got the thing to work. Could anybody point out whats wrong with it As far as I can see, I pass on a pointer to the function setPartTo, but maybe I dont. I also think that it would make sense not to pass on a pointer to a struct BigNumber to the function getPart, because it doesnt change the object, but maybe this is wrong as wellp
Negative 110 pI just tried to geocode the simple address Tokyo using Geokit 1.6.0 and the geocoder returned  instead of Tokyo.p  pHow can I ask that the Geocoder always return results in Englishp
Negative 110 pIve looked at at least 6 pages on SO about iOS and SHA256, and I still cant figure out whats going on.p  pGenerally, Im used to doing SHA256 in PHP with the codehashcode function, and it returning a string value like codedb1204372d8d9f14acc608b497227047d63ad868987883d0a29198be8e6ce853codep  pIm trying to implement SHA256 in my iOS app in order to beef up security between the app and the server, but the encoding part is giving me a headache...p  pIm using an NSData categoryp  precode NSData sha256NSData data   NSMutableData out  [NSMutableData dataWithLengthCCSHA256DIGESTLENGTH]  CCSHA256data.bytes, data.length,  out.mutableBytes  if  CCSHA256data.bytes, data.length, out.mutableBytes  return out  return nil  codepre  pHowever, no matter how I try to encode the resulting NSData object into an NSString to send to the server, I end up with a string like this codeBoAdLxRUcodep  pMy question  how can I implement a category that behaves the same as codehashcode, such that passing the same value to either method should yield the same valuep  pThanks for the helpsp
Negative 110 pWe have 2 different sites, one is Asp.net and another MS Sharepoint and we need to take some data from Sharepoint to the Asp.net sitep  pThe Asp.net application is one server and the Sharepoint Site is on a different server.p  pHow can we do move that from one site to another through Webservicesp  pWe are looking for suggestions.p
Negative 110 pBelow code gives permission to retrieve the logged in users emailID. Similar to this, is there any way you can retrieve other users emailID on passing facebook IDp  p[[AppDelegateObj facebook] requestWithGraphPathmepermissions andDelegateself]p
Negative 110 pIm trying to read an ARM core file on my Linux desktop, but it seems not to be able to figure out my core file. Is there any way I can instruct gdb what type my core file isp  precode file daemon .daemon ELF 32bit LSB executable, ARM, version 1, dynamically linked uses shared libs, for GNULinux 2.0.0, not stripped  file core .core ELF 32bit LSB core file ARM, version 1 SYSV, SVR4style, from .daemon v v v v e 10 t foo  gdbmultiarch daemon core GNU gdb GDB 7.5ubuntu Copyright C 2012 Free Software Foundation, Inc. License GPLv3 GNU GPL version 3 or later lthttpgnu.orglicensesgpl.htmlgt This is free software you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.  Type show copying and show warranty for details. This GDB was configured as x8664linuxgnu. For bug reporting instructions, please see lthttpwww.gnu.orgsoftwaregdbbugsgt... Reading symbols from .daemon...done. .core is not a core dump File format is ambiguous gdb corefile core  .core is not a core dump File format is ambiguous codepre  pThe generating platform is armv4, which gdbmultiarch claim to support, according to the set architecture list.p  pEDIT To clarify, my desktop machine running gdb is x8664linuxgnu, namely an 64bit Intel Ubuntu box.p
Negative 110 pMy small program is supposed to read from a .txt file named map1.txt and store the chars in it in an Char[][] array. Depending on the chars in my map1.txt my Tile class draw red if char is x or else draws green. Instead the program shows whats behind the panel instead of boxes in red and green. EDIT.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVJOj9.png altNote that this is my program...p  precodepublic class MainClass extends JPanel      static Tile[][] tile  new Tile[SomeInts.amount][SomeInts.amount]     static Map map  new Map     public MainClass           this.setBackgroundColor.white          public void paintComponentGraphics g         super.paintComponentg         for int x  0 x lt SomeInts.amount x             for int y  0 y lt SomeInts.amount y                 tile[x][y].colorBodyg, x, y                                Most important     public static void mainString[] args          JFrame f  new JFrame         f.setSize500, 500         f.setLocation100,100         f.setTitleTest         f.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE         MainClass p  new MainClass          f.addp         f.setVisibletrue             load map         map.loadMap         for int x  0 x lt SomeInts.amount x             for int y  0 y lt SomeInts.amount y                 tile[x][y]  new Tile                               for int x  0 x lt SomeInts.amount x             for int y  0 y lt SomeInts.amount y                 tile[x][y].setTypemap.charmap[x][y]                              public class Tile      char type  a     public void setTypechar c         type  c          public void colorBodyGraphics g, int x, int y         if type  x             g.setColornew Color255, 0, 0             g.fillRectx  10, y  10, 10, 10                  else             g.setColornew Color0, 255, 0             g.fillRectx  10, y  10, 10, 10                    public class Map      public char[][] charmap  new char[SomeInts.amount][SomeInts.amount]     public void loadMap         BufferedReader in  null         try              in  new BufferedReadernew FileReadermap1.txt          catch FileNotFoundException e              e.printStackTrace                  String line  null         try              line  in.readLine          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace                  while line  null             int y  0             for int x  0 x lt line.length x                 charmap[x][y]  line.charAtx                          y                    Not used but does work     public void createMap            for int x  0 x lt SomeInts.amount x               for int y  0 y lt SomeInts.amount y                   charmap[x][y]  x                                 codepre
Negative 110 pim currently trying to modify a module that works almost perfectly for my requirements, but lacks pagination. I cant seem to grasp how i should add the pagination to it most JPagination examples assume i have access to the query but in this module which uses JFactory, JmoduleHelper amp JModel i dont see the query in order to add the limits and such.p  h1modotmininews.phph1  precodeNo direct access definedJEXEC or die   Include the syndicate functions only once requireonce dirnameFILE.DS.helper.php  doc  ampJFactorygetDocument docgtaddStyleSheetJURIbase.modulesmodotmininewscsslayout.css  list  modOtMiniNewsHelpergetListparams moduleclasssfx  htmlspecialcharsparamsgtgetmoduleclasssfx  require JModuleHelpergetLayoutPathmodotmininews, paramsgtgetlayout, default codepre  h1helper.phph1  precodeNo direct access definedJEXEC or die  requireonce JPATHSITE.componentscomcontenthelpersroute.php  jimportjoomla.application.component.model  JModeladdIncludePathJPATHSITE.componentscomcontentmodels  abstract class modOtMiniNewsHelper  public static function getListampparams       Get the dbo     db  JFactorygetDbo       Get an instance of the generic articles model     model  JModelgetInstanceArticles, ContentModel, arrayignorerequest gt true       Set application parameters in model     app  JFactorygetApplication     appParams  appgtgetParams     modelgtsetStateparams, appParams       Set the filters based on the module params     modelgtsetStatelist.start, 0     modelgtsetStatelist.limit, int paramsgtgetcount, 3     modelgtsetStatefilter.published, 1       Access filter     access  JComponentHelpergetParamscomcontentgtgetshownoauth     authorised  JAccessgetAuthorisedViewLevelsJFactorygetUsergtgetid     modelgtsetStatefilter.access, access       Category filter     modelgtsetStatefilter.categoryid, paramsgtgetcatid, array       User filter     userId  JFactorygetUsergtgetid     switch paramsgtgetuserid              case byme             modelgtsetStatefilter.authorid, int userId             break         case notme             modelgtsetStatefilter.authorid, userId             modelgtsetStatefilter.authorid.include, false             break          case 0             break          default             modelgtsetStatefilter.authorid, int paramsgtgetuserid             break            Filter by language     modelgtsetStatefilter.language,appgtgetLanguageFilter        Featured switch     switch paramsgtgetshowfeatured              case 1             modelgtsetStatefilter.featured, only             break         case 0             modelgtsetStatefilter.featured, hide             break         default             modelgtsetStatefilter.featured, show             break            Set ordering     ordermap  array         mdsc gt a.modified DESC, a.created,         mcdsc gt CASE WHEN a.modified  .dbgtquotedbgtgetNullDate. THEN a.created ELSE a.modified END,         cdsc gt a.created,         pdsc gt a.publishup,         hdsc gt  a.hits,          ordering  JArrayHelpergetValueordermap, paramsgtgetordering, a.publishup     dir  DESC      modelgtsetStatelist.ordering, ordering     modelgtsetStatelist.direction, dir      items  modelgtgetItems      foreach items as ampitem          itemgtslug  itemgtid..itemgtalias         itemgtcatslug  itemgtcatid..itemgtcategoryalias          if access  inarrayitemgtaccess, authorised                       We know that user has the privilege to view the article             itemgtlink  JRouteContentHelperRoutegetArticleRouteitemgtslug, itemgtcatslug                  else              itemgtlink  JRouteindex.phpoptioncomuserampviewlogin                  itemgttitle  htmlspecialchars itemgttitle          itemgtcontent striptagspregreplaceltimg[gt]gti,,itemgtintrotext         itemgtcontent  substritemgtcontent, 0, paramsgtgetintrotextlimit          pregmatchallimg.src[]i, itemgtintrotext, matches         ifemptymatches[1][0]             itemgtimages         else             itemgtimages matches [1] [0]                   Show thumbnails         ifparamsgtgetshowthumbnails1             ifitemgtimages                   itemgtthumbnail  ltimg src.paramsgtgetdirectorythumbdefault. width.paramsgtgetthumbwidth. height.paramsgtgetthumbheight. alt.itemgttitle. gt             else                 itemgtthumbnail  ltimg src .itemgtimages. width.paramsgtgetthumbwidth. height.paramsgtgetthumbheight. alt.itemgttitle. gt      show images                               itemgtcreateddate  itemgtcreated           return items   codepre  pAll this code creates an array used by p  h1default.phph1  precode    definedJEXEC or die gt  ltdiv classotnewsgt     ltdiv classotnewsigt           ltphp          count  0         foreach list as item   gt         ltphp count gt         ltdiv classotitems ltphp echo paramsgtgetcount  countlastitem gtgt             lt Show thumbnails gt             ltphp ifparamsgtgetshowthumbnails  1gt                 ltdiv classotthumbs  stylewidthltphp echo paramsgtgetthumbwidthgtpx heightltphp echo paramsgtgetthumbheightgtpxgt                      ltphp ifparamsgtgetenablelinkthumb  1 gt                             lta hrefltphp echo itemgtlink gtgtltphp echo itemgtthumbnail gtltagt                     ltphp  else  gt                             ltphp echo itemgtthumbnailgt                      ltphp gt                 ltdivgt             ltphp  else  gt                 ltphp echo  gt             ltphp  gt             lt End gt              lt Show Titles gt             ltdiv classotarticlesgt                 ltphp ifparamsgtgetshowtitle  1  gt                     ltdiv classottitlegt                      ltphp ifparamsgtgetenablelinktitle  1  gt                          lta hrefltphp echo itemgtlink gt classtitlegtltphp echo itemgttitle gtltagt                     ltphp elsegt                         ltspan classtitlegtltphp echo itemgttitle gtltspangt                    ltphp gt                    ltdivgt                ltphp  gt                 lt Show Created Date gt                ltphp                    if paramsgtgetshowdate  1                       echo ltp classcreateddategtltspan classotdategt                      date  itemgtcreateddate                     echo JHTMLdate, date, paramsgtget dateformat                      echo ltspangtltpgt                                  gt                lt Show Content gt                 ltdiv classotcontentgtltphp echo itemgtcontent gtltdivgt                 lt Show Readmore gt                  ltphp ifparamsgtgetreadmore  1 gt                 ltdiv classotreadmoregtlta hrefltphp echo itemgtlink gt classotreadmgtltphp echo JTextREADMORE gtltagtltdivgt                 ltphp else gt                     ltphp echo  gt                 ltphp  gt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classspacesgtltdivgt         ltphp endforeach gt       ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classotmininewsgtltphp echo JTextABOUTOTMININEWS gtltdivgt codepre  pthat just uses a for each to show the items with their photos links and descriptions. p  pSo as you can see i have seriously no clue where to add the Pagination code, and i suspect they even use some part of it for the display i saw a getlist function in the helper.php file.p  pAny help would be much appreciated.p
Negative 110 pIm working on a project and another devloper has some code like this...p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function submitForm          document.forms[0].submit      ltscriptgt          foreach var product in Model      using Html.BeginFormSelectProduct, Home, new productId  product.Id          lttrgt         lttdgt             lta href idsubmitform onclicksubmitFormgtproduct.Idltagt         lttdgt         lttdgt             product.Name         lttdgt     lttrgt       codepre  pIt builds a 2 column table with clickable products ids, and product names. It posts to a SelectProduct action on the home controller when clicking a productIdp  precode[HttpPost] public ActionResult SelectProductGuid productId     ...  codepre  pI like this because it is a POST and doesnt send the productId in the urlquerystring. I changed the code for this example, these arnt really productIds and id prefer to not have this data in the urlp  pBut i dont like this because...p  ul liIt doesnt work because it always posts form[0]li liNot sure i like how it creates a form for every productli liIt is messing up my jquery mobile listview I am working on, the formatting is all strange. Im not exactly sure why but think because of the forms.li ul  pIn contrast i have a the following listview with anchor tags and that renders just fine.p  precodeltul datarolelistview datainsettrue datadividerthemebgt     ltligtlta hrefUrl.ActionIndex, SomeControllerAgtSome Controller Altagt ltligt     ltligtlta hrefUrl.ActionIndex, SomeControllerBgtSome Controller Bltagt ltligt     ltligtlta hrefUrl.ActionIndex, SomeControllerCgtSome Controller Cltagt ltligt ltulgt codepre  pSo my questions is...p  pHow can I make a similar table  list of products with the same functionality i.e. click a productID and POST to a controller action passing productId but not in querystring without using seperate repeating formsp  pI was thinking maybe just 1 form, but somehow the proper productID gets passed to controller.  This way i could have the emHtml.BeginFormem outside the emforeach var product in Modelem.  p  pI think Im trying to do something somewhat similar to what web forms LinkButton used to do in a grid. Its like i want ActionLinks but i want them to POST instead of GET.p  pAppreciate any help.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIve chosen greenDao because its site states that its one of the fastest ORM systems for android. To my dissapointment it takes it like 40 seconds to insert 600 records on Samsung i9001. Im not sure if Im doing anything wrong.p  pCould you suggest anything to lessen the amount of time it takes to perform those operations p  pgenerator codep  precodeprivate static void addNewsArticleSchema schema      Entity article  schema.addEntityNewsArticle     article.addIdProperty.autoincrement     article.addStringPropertytitle.notNull     article.addStringPropertybody.notNull     article.addStringPropertyshortDescription.notNull     article.addStringPropertythumb     article.addDatePropertydate.notNull  codepre  pinsertionsp  precodeDate now  Calendar.getInstance.getTime for int i  0 i lt 600 i      NewsArticle testArticle  new NewsArticle             testArticle.setTitletitletext  i             testArticle.setBodybodytext  i             testArticle.setShortDescriptionshorttext  i             testArticle.setDatenow             newsArticleDao.inserttestArticle  codepre
Negative 110 pThis is only a problem in IE8. It works fine in Firefox, Chrome, Safari and even IE9. Anyway, I have a div on my apps login page that I have styled to look like a giant gray button. Here is the code p  precode.userform .submit input[typesubmit]    display block   width 100   height 55px   textalign left   marginbottom 0   padding 0 11px   color fff   fontsize 16px   fontweight bold   lineheight 25px   textshadow 1px 1px 1px rgba0,0,0, 0.25   texttransform uppercase   background 4a5a64 urlimagesh1background.gif repeatx   border none  codepre  pAnd here is the haml code p  precode.submit    submittag Sign in, class gt nostyle, type gt submit codepre  pSince this works fine on all browswers with the sole exception of IE8, I was wondering if there was a way to fix this without converting this into a button, i.e., something like this in the haml p  precode.submit   button.submittag  bla bla bla  Sign In codepre  pThank youp  pUpdate Here is ALL of my Haml code for the entire login page. As I said, in Firefox, Chrome and IE9, if you enter a user name and password and then press the Enter key, you then proceed to the welcome page assuming, of course, that your user name and password are correct. In IE8, however, you just get a beep and you remain on the page. p  precode contentfor trackers do    googleanalyticsstandardpagetracker    salesforcetracker   title Sign In, false   formfor session, url gt sessionpath, html gt  class gt userform  do f   .field      f.label email, Username      f.textfield email, maxlength gt 255, autofocus gt true   .field      f.label password      f.passwordfield password    .submit     input type gt submit, value gt Sign in   .section.right   ul.links     li linkto Forgot password, newpasswordpath     li linkto Dont have an account Sign up now, marketingsiteurlindex.phpbuynow     li linkto Resend activation email, resendactivationpath     render sharedneedhelp codepre
Negative 110 pI created a custom editor for a WinForms component which implements UITypeEditor and works fine. The editor should load information from the currently opened solution and I think this should be done with DTE from the VisualStudio SDK.p  pAccording to a MSDN article a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryee83447328vvs.11029.aspxhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryee834473vvs.110.aspxa I implemented this exactly like thisp  precodeinternal class TreeViewTypeEditor  UITypeEditor       [Import]      internal SVsServiceProvider ServiceProvider  null       protected override Control GetEditControlITypeDescriptorContext context, object value                 ServiceProvider is NULL here          DTE dte  DTEServiceProvider.GetServicetypeofDTE        codepre  pcodeServiceProvidercode will always be null but why What am I doing wrongp
Negative 110 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions795746warningmysqlfetcharraysuppliedargumentisnotavalidmysqlresultWarning mysqlfetcharray supplied argument is not a valid MySQL resulta  p blockquote    pI am connected with my database and there seems to be an error appearing on this line of codep  precode  whilebr  mysqlfetchassocbrand codepre  pand on my query I put thisp  precode  brand  mysqlquerySelect  from genratb codepre  pThe error says p  precodeWarning mysqlfetchassoc expects parameter 1 to be resource, boolean given in Cxampphtdocsvideoshopindex.php on line 166 codepre  pThe first command is actually my line 166.p
Negative 110 pA Zookeeper architecture question for you ZK Gurusp  pI use zookeeper to manage messaging to a cloud of worker machines. Currently the application servers that control the messages and the workers are in the same infrastructure network. Im considering allowing clients to communicate with these servers outside of the network from arbitrary locations. Ive read about a hrefhttpzookeeper.apache.orgdocr3.1.2zookeeperProgrammers.htmlscACLPermissions relnofollowZookeepers ACL and Authentication Capabilitiesa but I notice that digest sends the passwords in cleartext. Id be concerned about securing the socket connection and protecting against outside attacks. I dont see anything online telling me that this emISIS NOTem something that canshould be done with Zookeeper.p  pIs this a common architecture with Zookeeper and are there any suggestions Am I barking up the wrong tree for this type of workp
Negative 110 pAssuming there are two processes a hrefhttplxr.freeelectrons.comsourcefsdcache.cL1923 relnofollowlooking upa a file at the same time, and this file does not existed in the dcache yet. These two lookups will return NULL a hrefhttplxr.freeelectrons.comsourceincludelinuxdcache.hL103 relnofollowdentrya to the process. p  pMy question is that how does Linux kernel ensure that after a failed dentry lookup, it only creates one dentryp
Negative 110 pI am using Simple XML Serializationsimplexml2.6.6.jar a hrefhttpsimple.sourceforge.net relnofollowherea to convert my XML response from webservice to POJO class.  XML is p  precode ltSOAPENVEnvelope xmlnsSOAPENVhttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelope xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org1999XMLSchema xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org1999XMLSchemainstancegt       ltSOAPENVBodygt          ltreturngt            ltappointmentsgt              ltappointmentgt                ltencounterIdgt211707ltencounterIdgt                ltdategt20121016ltdategt                ltstartTimegt000000ltstartTimegt                ltufnamegtSamltufnamegt                ltulnamegtWillisltulnamegt                ltreasongtChest Congestionltreasongt                ltFacilityIdgt2837ltFacilityIdgt                ltNotesgt              ltappointmentgt           ltappointmentsgt         ltreturngt       ltSOAPENVBodygt  ltSOAPENVEnvelopegt codepre  pAppointments contains list of appointments. POJOs are as follow  p  precodeRoot public class Return       ElementList     private ListltAppointmentgt appointments      ElementList     private ListltAppointmentgt historicalAppointments      public ListltAppointmentgt getAppointments          return appointments           public void setAppointmentsListltAppointmentgt appointments          this.appointments  appointments           public ListltAppointmentgt getHistoricalAppointments          return historicalAppointments           public void setHistoricalAppointmentsListltAppointmentgt historicalAppointments          this.historicalAppointments  historicalAppointments          codepre  pAnd Appointment is  p  precodeRoot public class Appointment       Elementrequiredfalse     int encounterId      Element     Date date      Element     String startTime      Elementrequiredfalse     String endTime      Element     String ufname      Element     String ulname      Elementrequiredfalse     int FacilityId      Elementrequiredfalse     String reason      Elementrequiredfalse     String Notes      Elementrequiredfalse     String Status      Elementrequiredfalse     int EncLock      public int getEncounterId          return encounterId           public void setEncounterIdint encounterId          this.encounterId  encounterId           public Date getDate          return date           public void setDateDate date          this.date  date           public String getStartTime          return startTime           public void setStartTimeString startTime          this.startTime  startTime           public String getEndTime          return endTime           public void setEndTimeString endTime          this.endTime  endTime           public String getUfname          return ufname           public void setUfnameString ufname          this.ufname  ufname           public String getUlname          return ulname           public void setUlnameString ulname          this.ulname  ulname           public int getFacilityId          return FacilityId           public void setFacilityIdint facilityId          FacilityId  facilityId           public String getReason          return reason           public void setReasonString reason          this.reason  reason           public String getNotes          return Notes           public void setNotesString notes          Notes  notes           public String getStatus          return Status           public void setStatusString status          Status  status           public int getEncLock          return EncLock           public void setEncLockint encLock          EncLock  encLock         codepre  pNow If I remove codeltSOAPENVEnvelopegtcode amp codeltSOAPENVBodygtcode from my XML it works fine. But when parsing XML with these tag I get the error saying  p  precodeException in thread main org.simpleframework.xml.core.ElementException Element Body does not have a match in class pojo.Return at line 3 codepre
Negative 110 pI am using SQL native client in VB script to execute a query.br Connection string is   p  precodeConCI.OpenProviderSQLNCLI.1Integrated SecuritySSPIPersist Security InfoFalseInitial Catalog amp CIDBName amp Data Source amp CIServerName codepre  pQuery is   p  precodeSELECT COUNT  FROM statementheader WITH nolock WHERE statementdate gt      SELECT procdayend1      FROM     ARSystemAccounts   AND currentbalance lt 0  AND dateoftotaldue IS NOT NULL AND systemstatus ltgt 14 codepre  pSSMS takes 50 to 60 seconds to execute this query but VB script takes ages.br Why is it so  and what should I do p
Negative 110 pI want to do use the Apple template for a Pagebased App Xcode 4.4.1, iOS 5 and then be able to push pages from the page view...p  ol liCreate a Pagebased Appli liAdd a button to Data View  view  view The nested viewli liAdd a Push segue to a new ControllerViewli liExpect when the button is pressed that it will Push to the new view.li ol  pBut it doesnt, and I dont know how to make it happen.  I assume I need a UINavigationController somewhere, but Im not sure where and how to insert it.p  pNote I can use a modal segue which does what is expected, but not a push segue.p  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pI have a problem, I want to insert 7000 rows into an SQLite database but when I reach the 6000th row, my application crashes with no error.p  pI used a profiler and apparently the problem is RAM usage on my iPad when the app allocates 435MB of RAM it crashes.p  pSo my question is how to manage memory during inserts and yes, I need to have this data locally because my app needs to work in disconnected mode.p  pHere is the code I use to insert rows in the tablep  precodevoidMultiInsertFamilleNSArray categories sqlite3stmt stmtnil sqlite3 bdd  NSString database  [[NSHomeDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentDocuments] stringByAppendingPathComponentmyBDD.sqlite] if sqlite3open[database UTF8String], ampbdd  SQLITEOK      sqlite3execbdd, BEGIN, 0, 0, 0     const char sqlstatementinsert into Famille values,,,,,,      ifsqlite3preparev2bdd,sqlstatement , 1, ampstmt, NULLSQLITEOK              int hasError 0         int i  0         forNSString path in categories                      i             NSString nameFile  [[path componentsSeparatedByString .] objectAtIndex0]             XMLParserFamille fa  [[XMLParserFamille alloc] initXMLParserFamillenameFile parseErrornil]             FamilleData fam  fa.famille             [fa release]              if fam.champRecherche                 sqlite3bindtextstmt, 1, [fam.champRecherche cStringUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding], 1, SQLITETRANSIENT             else                 sqlite3bindtextstmt, 1, NULL, 1, SQLITETRANSIENT              NSString pathImTh               for Attribut att in fam.Attributs                              if [att.name isEqualToStringProductThumbnail]                                      pathImTh  att.value                     break                                           if pathImTh                 sqlite3bindtextstmt, 2, [pathImTh cStringUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding], 1, SQLITETRANSIENT             else                 sqlite3bindtextstmt, 2, NULL, 1, SQLITETRANSIENT              if fam.nom                 sqlite3bindtextstmt, 3, [fam.nom cStringUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding], 1, SQLITETRANSIENT             else                 sqlite3bindtextstmt, 3, NULL, 1, SQLITETRANSIENT              if fam.ordre                 sqlite3bindintstmt, 4, [fam.ordre intValue]             else                 sqlite3bindintstmt, 4, 0              if fam.uid                 sqlite3bindtextstmt, 5, [fam.uid cStringUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding], 1, SQLITETRANSIENT             else                 sqlite3bindtextstmt, 5, NULL, 1, SQLITETRANSIENT              if fam.uidCategorie                 sqlite3bindtextstmt, 6, [fam.uidCategorie cStringUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding], 1, SQLITETRANSIENT             else                 sqlite3bindtextstmt, 6, NULL, 1, SQLITETRANSIENT              if fam.xmlErrone                 sqlite3bindintstmt, 7, [fam.xmlErrone intValue]             else                 sqlite3bindintstmt, 7, 0              ifsqlite3stepstmtSQLITEDONE                              NSLogOK                          else                              NSLogsqlite3step error famille s, sqlite3errmsgbdd                 hasError 1                          sqlite3resetstmt             if i5500                 break                  if hasError  0           sqlite3execbdd, COMMIT, 0, 0, 0                  else              sqlite3execbdd, ROLLBACK, 0, 0, 0                sqlite3closebdd codepre
Negative 110 pSince I last updated XCode Im getting a lot of MPAVController logs when I play video, like this p  precode[MPAVController] Autoplay Likely to keep up or full buffer 0 [MPAVController] Autoplay Skipping autoplay, not enough buffered to keep up. [MPAVController] Autoplay Disabling autoplay for pause [MPAVController] Autoplay Disabling autoplay ... codepre  pIts pretty annoying and fills up the console. How can I turn these offp
Negative 110 pIve used strongcodeViewFlippercodestrong control to display tweets with continuous interval from strongcodeleft to rightcodestrong. I have added dynamic textview for each tweet in ViewFlipper.p  pAll works good but sometime textview overlaps.  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJ25gG.png altenter image description here p  pWhats is a reason for this strange behaviorp  pCodep  precodefor int i  0 i lt tweets.length i              tweet  tweets.getJSONObjecti.getStringtitleampnbspampnbsp tweet on ampnbsptweets.getJSONObjecti.getStringpubDate                      tv  new TextViewcontext             LinearLayout.LayoutParams params  new LinearLayout.LayoutParams                     LayoutParams.WRAPCONTENT, LayoutParams.FILLPARENT                 params.weight  1.0f                 params.gravity48              tv.setLayoutParamsparams             tv.setGravityGravity.CENTER              tv.setTextSize22             tv.setTextColorColorStateList.valueOfColor.WHITE             tv.setSingleLine              tv.setTextColorgetREs             tv.setTexttweet             flipper.addViewtv                          flipper.setInAnimationinFromRightAnimation1500                 flipper.setOutAnimationoutToLeftAnimation1500         flipper.startFlipping    public static Animation inFromRightAnimationint duration          Animation inFromRight  new TranslateAnimation         Animation.RELATIVETOPARENT,  1.0f, Animation.RELATIVETOPARENT,  0.0f,         Animation.RELATIVETOPARENT,  0.0f, Animation.RELATIVETOPARENT,   0.0f                  inFromRight.setDurationduration         inFromRight.setInterpolatornew AccelerateInterpolator         return inFromRight       public static Animation outToLeftAnimationint duration          Animation outtoLeft  new TranslateAnimation           Animation.RELATIVETOPARENT,  0.0f, Animation.RELATIVETOPARENT,  1.0f,           Animation.RELATIVETOPARENT,  0.0f, Animation.RELATIVETOPARENT,   0.0f                        outtoLeft.setDurationduration         outtoLeft.setInterpolatornew AccelerateInterpolator         return outtoLeft      codepre  pstrongcodeEDIT codestrongp  pHere is another snapshot which show above problem..p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comw07pd.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pAdded sample to show message notification.Whenever we show it we have to add beep sound. Almost it imitates the behavior like desktop alert.p  pCan anyone have solution p
Negative 110 pHeres what Im trying to accomplishp  ol liLoad an image from a remote serverli liSave the images base64 data to localStorageli liOn the next request, if the localStorage item exists, load the image from localStorage datali ol  pThis is in an attempt to strive for the fewest number of API calls  the image is a dynamically generated QR code via API call, so converting into a Base64 string before deployment is not an option here.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI have a problem loading a module in jython in websphere. The .py files are in a jar which is itself in a war which is itself in an ear. Those modules are loading well when not embedded in websphere.p  pI guess my jython path is incorrect, so I tried to print the path with codeprint sys.pathcode. The result is p  precode[classpath, pyclasspath] codepre  pHow to print the content of those builtin properties p
Negative 110 pI am trying to create a VBScript to change a target in a linkp  pThe current target isp  precodeCProgram FilesHylandApplication EnablerAEClient.exe codepre  pI want the new target to be p  precodeCProgram FilesHylandApplication EnablerAEClient.exe rrscwpappimg02WorkflowCWFAppEnablerCombinedCWF.xml codepre  pHere is the script I have thus far. I keep getting an error on line 4 char 78p  precodeSet wsc  WScript.CreateObjectWScript.Shell Set lnk  wsc.CreateShortcutwsc.SpecialFoldersdesktop amp AE Client.LNK  lnk.targetpath  CProgram FilesHylandApplication EnablerAEClient.exe      rrscwpappimg02WorkflowCWFAppEnablerCombinedCWF.xml lnk.description  AE Client lnk.workingdirectory  CProgram Files x86HylandApplication Enabler lnk.save codepre  pAny help would be greatly appreciated. p  pEven just a script to create the shortcut that work on the desktop would work.p
Negative 110 pI have a data base table containing a codeid, description, startdate, enddatecode there are 12 entries for every month i just want to increment year 2012 to 2013 in every codestartdate, enddatecode field when this year end is it possible when a super user login check date and if it is code010120xxcode update year only in database table.p
Negative 110 pI have application running on Weblogic. And I have another application which connects to one deployed on Weblogic and uses EJB of it. I am successfully connecting to EJB using JNDI, even my debugger shows that this class is currently launched but the name is changed  WL added something to end of class namelike if class was AEjb, it shows that launched class is AEjbkrtmpfff .... But I cant see nor variables, nor lines executed. So are there any ways to see whats happening with this EJB classp
Negative 110 pI need to compare the scores of a user between last week and two weeks ago. p  pi have a table like so Scoresp  precodeuser   score  subject       date          2      10     math       21102012  2       5     science    23102012  2       5     math       16102012  2       9     science    15122012 codepre  pI need to produce a query that shows last weeks score and whether it is an increase or decrease from 2 weeks agos scorep  precodeuser   score    subject     date         increasedecrease  2       10      math     21102012       5  2       10      science  23102012       4 codepre  pThe date column doesnt need to be included in the query I already have the code to get week range from last week to two weeks ago. Im having trouble comparing the two dates however.p  precodeDateTime date  DateTime.Now DateTime startOneWeekAgo  date.AddDays7.Date.AddDaysintdate.DayOfWeek,          endOneWeekAgo  startOneWeekAgo.AddDays7  DateTime startTwoWeeksAgo  startOneWeekAgo.AddDays7,          endTwoWeeksAgo  endOneWeekAgo.AddDays7 codepre  blockquote   pfrom s in Scores where s.scoredate  startOneWeekAgo ampamp s.scoredate lt   endOneWeekAgop blockquote  pthis results in. This is what I have so far. Help would be appreciated.p  precodeuser score subject 2     10    math 2     5     science codepre
Negative 110 pI want to have two lists on my site. One main navigation that is horizontally aligned, and one sub navigation that is vertically aligned. For this I should have two different li classes in my CSS.p  pI tried to give the navigation li a class but its not working. The HTML doesnt correspond to the CSS and the list isnt horizontally aligned. p  pThis is the HTMLp  precode    ltulgt         ltli classnavligtlta href.index.htmlgtHomeltagtltligt         ltli classnavligtlta href.books.htmlgtBooksltagtltligt         ltli classnavligtlta href.benefits.htmlgtBenefitsltagtltligt         ltli classnavligtlta href.about.htmlgtAboutltagtltligt         ltli classnavligtlta href.contact.htmlgtContactltagtltligt         ltli classnavligtlta href.resources.htmlgtOther Resourcesltagtltligt     ltulgt codepre  pI also tried lt li idnavli  but this didnt work.p  pThis is the CSSp  precodeli.navli      display inline     padding 1em     textalign center     fontsize 17pt     fontfamily Dosis, Arial, sansserif  codepre  pwithout the li class.. in HTML and li.class in CSS it works fine, but when I try to assign a class its broken.p  pProbably a very obvious solution, but I just cant see it.p
Negative 110 pI am wanting to include my username and password in my url like so, codehttpusernamepasswordwebsitepathtopage.aspxcodep  pHowever my username contains the slash for the domain. Like codedomainusercodep  pHow can I still pass my credentials through the url when this is the case Thanksp
Negative 110 pI am using Cakephp 2.0 and Auth Component. My website consists of 2 user roles as follows p  precode1. Admin 2. User codepre  pAt a Time in a Browser either Admin or User can login to the website using Auth Component. its not possible to handle Both User roles can log into the website at the same time in same browser. Is there any way to do it CAKEPHP. Now My client wants to login as Admin and User in same browser. But in Joomla and other frameworks has this feature. extremely sorry for this basic question p
Negative 110 pIve got a table of userorders which have orderID, userID , orderStatus which can be 1,2,3 and orderTime.p  pI want to calculate percent of last 150 orders, in last 6 month for userid  1 which has orderStatus 1.p  pI tried to write two queries for both orders Status 1, 23 and then calculate percent of orders but my queries are not correct.p  pmy code and queriesp  precoders1  mysqlqueryselect count as orderCount1 from userorders where           orderStatus  1 and orderID in select top 150 orderID from userorders where            userid  1 and orderStatus in 1,2,3  and            orderTime gt .strtotime6 month. oder by orderID desc or            die mysqlerror  rs2  mysqlqueryselect count as orderCount1 from userorders where           orderStatus in 2,3 and orderID in select top 150 orderID from userorders where            userid  1 and orderStatus in 1,2,3  and            orderTime gt .strtotime6 month. order by orderID desc or            die mysqlerror   orderCount1  rs1[orderCount1] orderCount2  rs2[orderCount2]  orderPercent  orderCount1 orderCount1orderCount2100 codepre  pHow can I solve the problem or improve my codes.p
Negative 110 pAntientropy protocols are a form of gossip protocols. a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiGossipprotocol relnofollowhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiGossipprotocola. I was wondering if someone could explain, the the significance of word entropy here.p
Negative 110 pI have game which require the input of touch keyboard of the mobile. Its display has problem, whenever the keyboard shows up at the text input focus, all my element which position absolute gets all messed up. p  pIs there a plugin that enables mobile keyboard to always show up so that I reposition all the elements OR I need to alter the css to make the elements so that the do not mess up when the keyboard shows upp  pHow should I implement thisp  pThis is one of the element cssp  precodemixer       position absolute       bottom29     left25     width 234px       height 210px       background transparent urlimgmixer.png 0 50px norepeat     codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comu4UCe.jpg altenter image description herep  pNote I am using Jquery mobile, phonegap on Android environment.p
Negative 110 pI am attempting to migrate from Glassfish 3.1.2.2 to Tomcat 7.0.32, since everyone says that Atmosphere PrimeFaces Push works perfectly with Tomcat, while it does not work with Glassfish.p  pI already added Mojarra 2.1.4 JAR to Tomcat lib to get pass the error that is discussed in the followingp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10848341classnotfoundexceptioncomsunfacesconfigconfigurelistenerforjsfprojectuClassNotFoundException com.sun.faces.config.ConfigureListener for JSF project using eclipse  tomcatap  pNow, it seems as though I need to remove OmniFaces 1.3 SNAPSHOT JAR from my classpath, because it is causing errors. It might be best to read from bottomtoup, because FullAjaxExceptionHandler showed up as error first, so I commented that out of my app, and then OmniPartialView showed up next, but honestly, I prefer not to remove OmniFaces.p  pOmniFaces is causing error discussed in the followingp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7957070couldnotfindfactoryjavaxfacesapplicationapplicationfactorycould not find Factory javax.faces.application.ApplicationFactoryap  pBelow is server log. Please read from bottomtoup.p  precode    Nov 06, 2012 10928 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeRemovedcom.sun.faces.ApplicationAssociate, com.sun.faces.application.ApplicationAssociate12f3aa66     Nov 06, 2012 10928 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeRemovedcom.sun.faces.InitFacesContext, com.sun.faces.config.InitFacesContext142d1015     Nov 06, 2012 10928 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeRemovedcom.sun.faces.config.WebConfiguration, com.sun.faces.config.WebConfiguration4bdd1969     Nov 06, 2012 10928 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedcom.sun.faces.InitFacesContext, com.sun.faces.config.InitFacesContext1a7add0c     Nov 06, 2012 10928 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeRemovedcom.sun.faces.InitFacesContext, com.sun.faces.config.InitFacesContext1a7add0c     Nov 06, 2012 10928 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO SessionListener contextDestroyed     Nov 06, 2012 10928 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener contextDestroyed     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener contextInitialized     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO SessionListener contextInitialized     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedcom.sun.faces.InitFacesContext, com.sun.faces.config.InitFacesContext53a9dd25     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedcom.sun.faces.patternCache,      Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedcom.sun.faces.config.WebConfiguration, com.sun.faces.config.WebConfiguration34f5d30c     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeRemovedcom.sun.faces.facesInitializerMappingsAdded, true     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedcom.sun.faces.htmlTLVEnabled, false     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedcom.sun.faces.webresources, []     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedcom.sun.faces.config.ConfigManagerANNOTATIONSCANTASK, java.util.concurrent.FutureTask69ed807f     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedjavax.faces.FactoryFinder.FactoryManagerCacheKey, 1352182177715     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedcom.sun.faces.ApplicationAssociate, com.sun.faces.application.ApplicationAssociate6fcbb778     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedcom.sun.faces.application.InjectionApplicationFactory, com.sun.faces.application.ApplicationImpl535d7af8     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedjavax.faces.BEANSVALIDATIONAVAILABLE, false     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeRemovedcom.sun.faces.config.ConfigManagerANNOTATIONSCANTASK, java.util.concurrent.FutureTask69ed807f     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedorg.apache.jasper.runtime.JspApplicationContextImpl, org.apache.jasper.runtime.JspApplicationContextImpl882b46f     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedcom.sun.faces.errorPagePresent, false     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeReplacedcom.sun.faces.InitFacesContext, com.sun.faces.config.InitFacesContext53a9dd25     Nov 06, 2012 10937 AM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationContext log     INFO ContextListener attributeAddedorg.apache.jasper.compiler.TldLocationsCache, org.apache.jasper.compiler.TldLocationsCache1dd3e5cf     Nov 06, 2012 11011 AM org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContext listenerStart     SEVERE Exception sending context initialized event to listener instance of class com.sun.faces.config.ConfigureListener     java.lang.RuntimeException com.sun.faces.config.ConfigurationException Factory javax.faces.context.ExceptionHandlerFactory was not configured properly.     at com.sun.faces.config.ConfigureListener.contextInitializedConfigureListener.java292     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContext.listenerStartStandardContext.java4791     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContext.startInternalStandardContext.java5285     at org.apache.catalina.util.LifecycleBase.startLifecycleBase.java150     at org.apache.catalina.core.ContainerBase.addChildInternalContainerBase.java901     at org.apache.catalina.core.ContainerBase.addChildContainerBase.java877     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHost.addChildStandardHost.java633     at org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig.deployDescriptorHostConfig.java655     at org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig.deployAppsHostConfig.java536     at org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig.checkHostConfig.java1453     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java601     at org.apache.tomcat.util.modeler.BaseModelMBean.invokeBaseModelMBean.java301     at com.sun.jmx.interceptor.DefaultMBeanServerInterceptor.invokeDefaultMBeanServerInterceptor.java819     at com.sun.jmx.mbeanserver.JmxMBeanServer.invokeJmxMBeanServer.java791     at org.apache.catalina.manager.ManagerServlet.checkManagerServlet.java1445     at org.apache.catalina.manager.ManagerServlet.deployManagerServlet.java860     at org.apache.catalina.manager.ManagerServlet.doGetManagerServlet.java357     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java621     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java722     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java305     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java210     at org.apache.catalina.filters.SetCharacterEncodingFilter.doFilterSetCharacterEncodingFilter.java108     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java243     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java210     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapperValve.invokeStandardWrapperValve.java222     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContextValve.invokeStandardContextValve.java123     at org.apache.catalina.authenticator.AuthenticatorBase.invokeAuthenticatorBase.java581     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHostValve.invokeStandardHostValve.java168     at org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invokeErrorReportValve.java99     at org.apache.catalina.valves.AccessLogValve.invokeAccessLogValve.java929     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardEngineValve.invokeStandardEngineValve.java118     at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java407     at org.apache.coyote.http11.AbstractHttp11Processor.processAbstractHttp11Processor.java1002     at org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocolAbstractConnectionHandler.processAbstractProtocol.java585     at org.apache.tomcat.util.net.AprEndpointSocketProcessor.runAprEndpoint.java1813     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1110     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java603     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java722     Caused by com.sun.faces.config.ConfigurationException Factory javax.faces.context.ExceptionHandlerFactory was not configured properly.     at com.sun.faces.config.processor.FactoryConfigProcessor.verifyFactoriesExistFactoryConfigProcessor.java305     at com.sun.faces.config.processor.FactoryConfigProcessor.processFactoryConfigProcessor.java219     at com.sun.faces.config.ConfigManager.initializeConfigManager.java360     at com.sun.faces.config.ConfigureListener.contextInitializedConfigureListener.java225     ... 40 more     Caused by javax.faces.FacesException org.omnifaces.exceptionhandler.FullAjaxExceptionHandlerFactory     at javax.faces.FactoryFinder.getImplGivenPreviousImplFactoryFinder.java616     at javax.faces.FactoryFinder.getImplementationInstanceFactoryFinder.java482     at javax.faces.FactoryFinder.access400FactoryFinder.java138     at javax.faces.FactoryFinderFactoryManager.getFactoryFactoryFinder.java959     at javax.faces.FactoryFinder.getFactoryFactoryFinder.java316     at com.sun.faces.config.processor.FactoryConfigProcessor.verifyFactoriesExistFactoryConfigProcessor.java303     ... 43 more     Caused by java.lang.InstantiationException org.omnifaces.exceptionhandler.FullAjaxExceptionHandlerFactory     at java.lang.Class.newInstance0Class.java357     at java.lang.Class.newInstanceClass.java325     at javax.faces.FactoryFinder.getImplGivenPreviousImplFactoryFinder.java614     ... 48 more      Nov 06, 2012 12012 AM org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContext listenerStart     SEVERE Exception sending context initialized event to listener instance of class com.sun.faces.config.ConfigureListener     java.lang.RuntimeException com.sun.faces.config.ConfigurationException Factory javax.faces.context.PartialViewContextFactory was not configured properly.     at com.sun.faces.config.ConfigureListener.contextInitializedConfigureListener.java292     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContext.listenerStartStandardContext.java4791     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContext.startInternalStandardContext.java5285     at org.apache.catalina.util.LifecycleBase.startLifecycleBase.java150     at org.apache.catalina.core.ContainerBase.addChildInternalContainerBase.java901     at org.apache.catalina.core.ContainerBase.addChildContainerBase.java877     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHost.addChildStandardHost.java633     at org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig.deployDescriptorHostConfig.java655     at org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig.deployAppsHostConfig.java536     at org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig.checkHostConfig.java1453     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java601     at org.apache.tomcat.util.modeler.BaseModelMBean.invokeBaseModelMBean.java301     at com.sun.jmx.interceptor.DefaultMBeanServerInterceptor.invokeDefaultMBeanServerInterceptor.java819     at com.sun.jmx.mbeanserver.JmxMBeanServer.invokeJmxMBeanServer.java791     at org.apache.catalina.manager.ManagerServlet.checkManagerServlet.java1445     at org.apache.catalina.manager.ManagerServlet.deployManagerServlet.java860     at org.apache.catalina.manager.ManagerServlet.doGetManagerServlet.java357     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java621     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java722     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java305     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java210     at org.apache.catalina.filters.SetCharacterEncodingFilter.doFilterSetCharacterEncodingFilter.java108     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java243     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java210     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapperValve.invokeStandardWrapperValve.java222     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContextValve.invokeStandardContextValve.java123     at org.apache.catalina.authenticator.AuthenticatorBase.invokeAuthenticatorBase.java581     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHostValve.invokeStandardHostValve.java168     at org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invokeErrorReportValve.java99     at org.apache.catalina.valves.AccessLogValve.invokeAccessLogValve.java929     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardEngineValve.invokeStandardEngineValve.java118     at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java407     at org.apache.coyote.http11.AbstractHttp11Processor.processAbstractHttp11Processor.java1002     at org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocolAbstractConnectionHandler.processAbstractProtocol.java585     at org.apache.tomcat.util.net.AprEndpointSocketProcessor.runAprEndpoint.java1813     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1110     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java603     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java722     Caused by com.sun.faces.config.ConfigurationException Factory javax.faces.context.PartialViewContextFactory was not configured properly.     at com.sun.faces.config.processor.FactoryConfigProcessor.verifyFactoriesExistFactoryConfigProcessor.java305     at com.sun.faces.config.processor.FactoryConfigProcessor.processFactoryConfigProcessor.java219     at com.sun.faces.config.ConfigManager.initializeConfigManager.java360     at com.sun.faces.config.ConfigureListener.contextInitializedConfigureListener.java225     ... 40 more     Caused by javax.faces.FacesException org.omnifaces.context.OmniPartialViewContextFactory     at javax.faces.FactoryFinder.getImplGivenPreviousImplFactoryFinder.java616     at javax.faces.FactoryFinder.getImplementationInstanceFactoryFinder.java482     at javax.faces.FactoryFinder.access400FactoryFinder.java138     at javax.faces.FactoryFinderFactoryManager.getFactoryFactoryFinder.java959     at javax.faces.FactoryFinder.getFactoryFactoryFinder.java316     at com.sun.faces.config.processor.FactoryConfigProcessor.verifyFactoriesExistFactoryConfigProcessor.java303     ... 43 more     Caused by java.lang.InstantiationException org.omnifaces.context.OmniPartialViewContextFactory     at java.lang.Class.newInstance0Class.java357     at java.lang.Class.newInstanceClass.java325     at javax.faces.FactoryFinder.getImplGivenPreviousImplFactoryFinder.java614     ... 48 more codepre  pPlease advise. Thanks.p
Negative 110 pIm developing a Chrome Extension with HTML desktop notifications, but when they show up, it looks like they dont execute any JavaScript. I started with a complex JS, then I reduced my test to this onep  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt ltheadgt     lttitlegtnotificationlttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltscriptgtdocument.writecontentltscriptgt     ltimg srcnotification.pnggtltpgtYepltpgtltp idtestgtltpgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pI can see anything I hardcode but no DOM manipulation or simple document.write is working. I tried to put the JS in a separate file, but it didnt work. My current Chrome version is 23.0.1271.64 Apple v..p  pCan you help mep  p[UPDATE] This is the manifest.jsonp  precode   name BB,   version 1.0,   manifestversion 2,   description ,   icons 48 BB.png,   browseraction      defaulttitle BB,     defaulticon icon.png,     defaultpopup popup.html   ,   background      scripts [bkg.js]   ,   permissions [     notifications   ],   webaccessibleresources [     notification.html,popup.html,popup.js   ]  codepre
Negative 110 pI have an ASP.NET webforms app hosted on windows azure, on an XS sized instance. All is working well except that when I navigate to the site for the first time after not using it for a while its emreallyem slow  like over 45 seconds Once its up and running the pages are nice and fast its just the initial load that takes ages. p  pstrongHow can I diagnose where this time is being spentstrong I already have logging to the database within SessionStart event and two requests in different browsers started 10 seconds apart both get logged in the same second, suggesting any logging or other code I add isnt executed until after all the time is spent. Or possibly the database connection is taking a really long time.p  pI realise there are a few things that are likely to be affecting this, e.g. p  ul lipIts on an XS instance. Theyre not big.pli lipMy code is currently built in Debug mode. That makes for bigger assemblies and pdb files that need to be loaded, so its slower than it could be. pli lipSites just take a little while to load. Thats why people a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2479241doeswindowsazuresupporttheapplicationwarmupmoduleorsomethingsimilar7866140change the idleTimeouta and possibly the recycling interval.pli lipIm using Telerik controls which are pretty big, weighing in with 32mb of dlls. But none used on the first page.pli ul  pBut Id like an approach I can use to identify what is taking all the time, e.g. get some measurements on whats happening and how long its taking, or simply more things I can do to try to make it start up faster.p  pOn my development machine with local database amp web the startup time is maybe 5 seconds. emPossiblyem its just 10x faster than an XS instance, but if thats the case how can I work out whats taking the time on my local machine so I can try to improve it p
Negative 110 pFollowing.rbp  precodebelongsto show  def cachedshow   Rails.cache.fetch[self, show] do     show         end end codepre  pViewp  precodelt recentlyfavorited.each do following gt ltligt   lt linkto following.cachedshow.name, showpathpermalink gt following.cachedshow.permalink gt ltspangtlt pluralizefollowing.cachedshow.followers, follower gtltspangt ltligt lt end gt codepre  pResult in the consolep  precodeCache read followings63277020120929132253show Cache generate followings63277020120929132253show   Show Load 0.7ms SELECT shows. FROM showsWHERE shows.id  617 LIMIT 1 Cache write followings63277020120929132253show  Cache read followings63277020120929132253show Cache fetchhit followings63277020120929132253show  Cache read followings63277020120929132253show Cache fetchhit followings63277020120929132253show codepre  pQuestionbr Is this even a correct implementation of fetchingcaching an associationbr And what about performancebr In some views as in the example it will hit the cache 3 times per loop. In my case Im looping 10 items in the footer, so it will make 30 hits on every request. Is this fine, or will a single n1 query per loop be betterp  pAdvise and general best practices appreciated p
Negative 110 pIm trying to use an ArrayAdapter in a ListActivityp  precodeArrayAdapterltStringgt adapter  new ArrayAdapterltStringgtthis, android.R.id.text1, new String[]  a, b setListAdapteradapter codepre  pThis is the layoutp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent gt      ltTextView         androidididandroidtext1         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidems10 gt      ltListView         androidididandroidlist         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentTopfalse         androidlayoutbelowidandroidtext1 gt      ltListViewgt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pNone of the solutions I found on StackOverflow seems to work. Im using API 10. Can you help pleasep
Negative 110 pI want to convert strongDateTimestrong into strongmillisecondsstrong. i am using this code to convert them.p  precodefinal TimePicker time  TimePicker findViewByIdR.id.timePicker1 final DatePicker date  DatePicker findViewByIdR.id.datePicker1  final Calendar calendar  Calendar.getInstance  calendar.setdate.getYear, date.getMonth,                             date.getDayOfMonth, time.getCurrentHour,                             time.getCurrentMinute, 0 final long startTime  calendar.getTimeInMillis codepre  pbut it doest give me the correct value. for example if i want to convert this strongSep 23 2000 0245 AMstrong it gives me this value strong96965900504strong. but this value is not like that as in these sitesp  pa hrefhttpwww.ruddwire.comhandycodedatetomillisecondcalculators relnofollowhttpwww.ruddwire.comhandycodedatetomillisecondcalculatorsap  pa hrefhttpwww.timestampconvert.comgo1trueampm09ampd23ampy2000amphours02ampmin45ampsec0ampSubmitConverttotimestampampoffset5 relnofollowhttpwww.timestampconvert.comgo1trueampm09ampd23ampy2000amphours02ampmin45ampsec0ampSubmitConverttotimestampampoffset5ap  pthen i try to us codetime.getCurrentHour  5code because of my current location is strongGMT5strong but it doest gives me correct result. How can i get the correct value of datetime into millisecondsp
Negative 110 pWill a PowerShell 3 script that contains PowerShell 3 cmdlets run on a vanilla installation of Windows 7 Professional or Enterprise  If not what are the minimum prerequisites requiredp  pSorry, Powershell newbie  p
Negative 110 pive this query in SQLp  precodeSELECT code, name, count FROM table WHERE customer  XXX GROUP BY code ORDER BY count DESC codepre  pIm working with PHP, and Ive to translate this SQL query for mongodb. I know that Ive to do something like this for counting in mongodbp  precodearraywherecondition  arraycustomer gt XXX dbgtfindarraywhereconditiongtcount codepre  pbut I cant understand how to write a query like the one above.p
Negative 110 pI am using MVC4 from Visual Studio 2012. when creating a Web API project from VS project template, the wizard dialog shows only the Razor view engine is selectable. My question is why a View is needed for a Web API project and then why Razor only I tried to add API controller to both Razor and ASPX engine web applications, the result shew both work. So, is this an issue of Web API project templatep
Negative 110 pIs it possible to have Rails automatically disable layouts depending on whether codeparams[layout]code is true or false, rather than having to specify coderender show, layout gt params[layout]code after every actionp
Negative 110 pI am using djangoregistration and djangoregistrationdefaults for the templates in my app.  How do I change the page the user sees after heshe logs in  I looked through the documentation but was unable to find anything.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to calculate the overall CPU utilization of a single CPU, Ubuntu system using bash. I need the overall CPU usage percent for a system monitoring script I am making. The problem is that when I use the following code the CPU utilization percent is always the same p  precodetop n 1  grep Cpu codepre  pAn alternative I found is to use the following codep  precoderead cpu a b c previdle rest lt procstat prevtotalabcprevidle sleep 0.5 read cpu a b c idle rest lt procstat totalabcidle CPU100 totalprevtotal  idleprevidle   totalprevtotal  echo CPU codepre  pThe problem with this code is that I dont know if its completely accurate. I have a few questions... First of all why does the first code fails Second, is the second code reliable If not, what code could I use to get a reliable reading of the overall CPU utilization of the system Thanksp
Negative 110 pI want to set the size of an ImageView manually. The ImageView has a function a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comreferenceandroidviewView.htmlsetMinimumHeight28int29 relnofollowsetMinimumHeighta, as to all views. What units am I telling the ImageView to place it inp
Negative 110 pI searched for other relevant questions, but either by way of me being new to D3 or just rusty as a coder, I can not figure this out.p  pIve got a graph and I want to be able to zoom in by scrolling the mouse wheel only on the aaxis and the data. Right now, I have the whole graph zooming on the roll of the mouse wheel opposed to just the xaxis.p  pEdit This is my end goal, but perhaps with zoom inout limits One thing at a time though a hrefhttpmbostock.github.comd3talk2011101815 relnofollowhttpmbostock.github.comd3talk2011101815ap  pLooks like there is code from that example posted here a hrefhttpsgithub.commbostockd3blobmasterexampleszoompanzoompantransform.html relnofollowhttpsgithub.commbostockd3blobmasterexampleszoompanzoompantransform.htmlap  precodegraph.attrtransform, translate  d3.event.translate     scale  d3.event.scale   codepre  pIve dropped my code thus far here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.nettoddshermanx3uWK relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.nettoddshermanx3uWKap  pAny insights or direction is appreciated.p
Negative 110 pIm having a problem with Javascript. Its almost certainly something Im doing wrong as Im quite new to js. Im trying to modify a div tags zindex to 1 from 1 so an image contained in it appears in front of the other images, but keep on getting invalid lefthand side in assignment as an error. Ive tried searching the net, but could not find a solution, probably because Im making a rudimentary mistake. Snippets of my code are as followsp  h2JavaScripth2  precodefunction bubble1             document.getElementByIdimgbubble1.style.zindex  1this is the line it crashes on          bubble2move  setIntervalfunction bubble2, 2000     codepre  h2htmlh2  precodelttd width50gt     ltdiv classimagewindowgt         ltdiv idimgbubble1 classimg imgbubble hidegtltimg src..imgimgbubble1.gifgtltdivgt         ltdiv idimgbubble2 classimg imgbubble hidegtltimg src..imgimgbubble2.gifgtltdivgt                  ltdivgt lttdgt codepre  h2CSSh2  precode.imagewindow      width 435px     height 400px     float left     position relative     overflow hidden     padding 0     margin 0   imgbubble1, imgbubble2      position absolute     zindex 1   .imgbubble      width 206.25px     height 400px     position absolute     top 0     right 0  codepre  pThanks in advance, and sorry again for my inexperience.p
Negative 110 pSo someone wrote this code which outputs x,y,z positions of some particles.p  precode    if rs.containsblockfile.hdf5,POS ,parttype1         d1  rs.readblockfile, POS ,parttype1,verboseFalse         blocksize  struct.packI, lend183         f.writeblocksize         for i in rangelend1             for j in range3                 data  struct.packd,d1[i][j]                 f.writedata         f.writeblocksize         print Position real, d1, k     else         data  struct.packI,0         f.writedata         f.writedata codepre  pOr basicallyp  precode        for i  1Nparticles              for j  13                 write xyz[i][j]              end         end codepre  pNow I am trying to read this back in F90 likep  precode  real4,   allocatable  pos,   NsumNparticles   open 1, filefilename, formunformatted   allocatepos13,1N   read 1 pos   close1 codepre  pWhen I print the first three rows I getp  precode  do i 1,3       print , pos13,i   end do    gtgt   0.00000000       2.61613369      2.00000000            1.88289821      2.00000000       1.96834707            2.00000000       2.61616445       2.00000000  codepre  pNow I know for certain that the positions range from 0  25 so getting 2.0000 everywhere is concerning. Is there something about my friends Python write out f.write that that I need to tell Fortran to do during the read in so it outputs the positions correctly Leading characters Allocation correction Ive used a Python readin and I get the following for the first 3 entriesp  precode gtgtgt pos  rs.readblockfilename,POS ,parttype1  gtgtgt pos13,     array[[ 12.49398994,  21.89432526,   6.23691988],            [ 12.48858261,  21.89297867,   6.23258686],            [ 12.48777962,  21.89576149,   6.23423147], codepre  pWhich is not what I get when I do the Fortran read in above.p  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pI would like to show all distinct Category in a ComboBox named categoryListp  precodeltDataTemplate xKeyCategoryTemplategt         ltStackPanel OrientationHorizontalgt             ltTextBlock TextBinding PathCategorygt         ltStackPanelgt     ltDataTemplategt ...  ltComboBox NamecatagoryList VerticalAlignmentTop SelectionChangedcategoryListSelectionChanged IsSynchronizedWithCurrentItemTrue ItemsSourceBinding ItemTemplateStaticResource CategoryTemplategt ... codepre  pcode behindp  precodethis.categoryList.DataContext  ldc.Books.Selectb gt b.Category.Distinct codepre  pbut, its not working. How can i do this Or is there any other way to do that Thank you.p
Negative 110 pWhy wont this delete items from my list of Road objectsp  pRelevant infop  pRoad objects take self, city1, city2, length, and City objects take self, name, population p  pI am saving these objects into a lists cities and roads so that I can modify them. p  pThis definition is supposed to delete any roads attached to a city and then delete the city. p  pHowever, my code doesnt want to delete my roads and I get no errors so my logic must be flawed. p  pCan you helpp  precodeclass Network      def initself          self.cities  []   list of City objects in this network         self.roads  []    list of Road objects in this network      def hasCityself, name          for x in self.cities             if x.name  name                 return True         return False      def hasRoadself, road          for x in self.roads             if x.city1  road[0] and x.city2  road[1]                 return True             elif x.city1  road[1] and x.city2  road[0]                 return True             else                 return False      def addCityself, name, pop         if self.hasCityname  True             return False         else             self.cities.appendCityname, pop             return True      def addRoadself, road, length          if self.hasRoadroad  True             return False         else             self.roads.appendRoadroad[0], road[1], length             return True      def delRoadself, road         if self.hasRoadroad  False             return False         else             for x in self.roads                 if x.city1  road[0] and x.city2  road[1]                     self.roads.removex                     return True                 elif x.city1  road[1] and x.city2  road[0]                     self.roads.removex                     return True                 else                     return False       def delCityself, city          if self.hasCitycity  False             return False         else             for x in self.cities                 if x.name  city                     for j in self.roads                         if j.city1  x.name                             self.delRoadj.city1, j.city2                             self.delRoadj.city2, j.city1                         elif j.city2  x.name                             self.delRoadj.city1, j.city2                             self.delRoadj.city2, j.city1                     self.cities.removex                     return True codepre
Negative 110 pI have been trying out some of the examples in the a hrefhttpnltk.orgbookch07.html relnofollowPython NLTK Booka. For example, Chapter 7 talks about Chinking with this example p  precodegrammar  r     NP     lt.gt           Chunk everything     ltVBDINgt       Chink sequences of VBD and IN    sentence  [the, DT, little, JJ, yellow, JJ,        dog, NN, barked, VBD, at, IN,  the, DT, cat, NN] cp  nltk.RegexpParsergrammar result  cp.parsesentence codepre  pAccording to me, this supposed to excise barked at from the result. But it doesnt. I am new to python and nltk, but what am I missing here Is there something obvious which needs to be updated here Thanks..p
Negative 110 pI am leveraging the Windows Animation Library. I want to be able to access the raw parameters that define the animations in the Windows Animation Libraryp  pIs that possiblep
Negative 110 pOK, so I have gone through 14 Stack Overflow suggestions that were suggested when I wrote this question, and I have tried everything, and can not figure this out.p  pI have a gym directory with reviews. I have a script that you can search through those gyms by Zip code, CityState or NeighborhoodCityState.p  pI have a few fields in the back end and in the database. The ones pertaining to this question are priority I give it a number 1 and it should show highest first or lowest first I dont care which preferably highest to lowest, photo it can have 5 photos, membership includes a few things that the gym can include in the membership, and reviews not editable but keeps count of how many review the gym hasp  pI would like to sort in this orderp  pIf the gym has priority, it should show first as it is prioritized. Null Priority should come last, Then sort by photo doesnt matter az za just null comes last, then sort by membership includes null comes last, then sort by review count 0 or null comes last.p  pSo if I have 4 gyms, A and B with priority, photo, and membership but 0 reviews, C with no priority, no photo, no membership, but highest review count at 2, and D with no priority but has photo and membership, but 1 review it should sort in this orderp  precodeGYM   Priority   Photo      Membership   Reviews A     yes        has some   has count    0 B     yes        has some   has count    0 C     no         no         no memb.     2 D     no         has some   has count    1 codepre  pExpected sort order results  A B D Cp  pSorry of thats confusing.p  pHeres what I have already triedp  precodeSELECT  FROM SELECT  FROM gym WHERE city  Queens AND state  NY GROUP BY priority ORDER BY photo, memberincludes, reviews DESC x LIMIT 0, 150  SELECT  FROM SELECT  FROM gym WHERE city  Queens AND state  NY ORDER BY priority, photo, memberincludes, reviews DESC x LIMIT 0, 150  SELECT  FROM SELECT  FROM gym WHERE city  Queens AND state  NY GROUP BY photo, memberincludes, reviews ORDER BY priority DESC x LIMIT 0, 150  SELECT  FROM gym WHERE city  Queens AND state  NY GROUP BY photo, memberincludes, reviews ORDER BY priority DESC LIMIT 0, 150  SELECT  FROM gym WHERE city  Queens AND state  NY ORDER BY priority, photo, memberincludes, reviews DESC LIMIT 0, 150 codepre  pAnd I have tried all other kinds of combinations with and without ASC but still it does not sort properly. I dont know what I am doing wrong.p  pPlease helpp  pThanks, Davidp
Negative 110 pI currently use the codefixed positioncode for my div which set it to stay at the bottom of the page. However, I meet an issue when resizing my browser to the minimum height which that div goes over my left navigation.p  pSo what I want to do is that whenever the user resizes the browser window to somewhat lower than the height of my codeleft navigationcode the position fixed is coderemovedcode or codechangedcode so that it does not go codeoverlap my left navigationcode and browser will generate the scroll to the bottom of the page where that div stays.p  pSo how could I fix thisp
Negative 110 pI am using zend framework project which is been created by using zend studio.  Also there is a Jquery project which is created separately.  p  pI have deployed jquery project in tomcat, and on click of one button in jquery, a php method is called by using ajax strongLOADstrong method. PHP is returning string value.p  pHowever, for some reason data is not coming back to jquery method. p  precode Jquery method      var res   updatedtime.loadhttptestindexreturndate codepre  hr  precodePHP method  public function returndateAction   thisgthelpergtviewRenderergtsetNoRendertruethis will do job     return hi    codepre  pCan we use jquery LOAD method be used  to get data Please correct me if am wrongp  pThanks allp
Negative 110 pIn the commentedout line below, PlatypusId is rednot recognized, although it does exist in the corresponding table.p  pIn the multiline spanning assignment to queryResult, PlatypusId, where, and count are redunrecognized.p  precode    var queryResult  await conn.TableltPlatypiRequestedgt.CountAsync.x gt x.PlatypusId.EqualspersonId     var queryResult  from p in PlatypiRequested                       where p.PlatypusId.EqualsplatypusId                       select count codepre  pIOW, when I add thisp  precode    var conn  new SQLiteAsyncConnectionSQLitePath     var queryResult  await conn.TableltPlatypiRequestedgt.CountAsync.x gt x. codepre  p...nothing is proffered as a possibility following that x  x.p  pWhat sort of code is necessary to query my SQLite tablep  pI am using the SQLitenet packageextension, but its documentation what documentation is not overly verbose. Looking through both SQLite.cs and SQLiteAsync.cs, Im none the wiser...p  h2UPDATEh2  pOkay, Mr. Harveys answer comment led me to this working code Count was not available, just CountAsyncp  precodepublic async Taskltboolgt PlatypusAlreadyAddedstring platypusId      var conn  new SQLiteAsyncConnectionSQLitePath     var queryResult  await conn.TableltPlatypiRequestedgt.Wherex gt x.PlatypusId  platypusId.CountAsync     return queryResult gt 0  codepre  pAs Jackie DeShannon no relation to me, AFAIK sang, What the world needs now is a SQLiteSQLitenet for C Windows Store apps book or at least a lengthyinformative blog post, containing examples of all the common types of SQL statements CRUD.p
Negative 110 pI am looking for suggestions, help, or a you cannot do that answer if you can help. p  pI am on a .NET development team using .NET 4.0 and running a web app that is in MVP.  Right now, we have a web farm of 4 IIS boxes running Win2K3 and IIS 6 upgrading next year and an F5 BigIP device is using sticky session to span traffic across all four boxes.  And our application is expanding in size and scope due to its success. That is a nice problem to have I assure you. However we are experiencing growing pains. And we are looking to keep the transactional work addeditdelete through various web forms on the 4 machines currently in use, and then add 2 other machines JUST for the workload of reportingmetrics. p  pHere is what we want to dop  ol lipPut session state in our Oracle database using the Oracle.Web.dll object classes available for this, and running the .SQL files against our Oracle 11g DB to get the session setup right. So if one box dies the session data persists.pli lipSetup our web.config to use the Oracle database for our session provider across all 4 current boxes.pli ol  pSo far so good. That is fairly basic and repeatable.  No worries. Here is where I am getting stuckp  ol lipWe want to pull out the reporting ASPX files for this application and put them on 2 different new IIS boxes now a total of 6, with the F5 BigIP doing load balancing on just those two for reporting with a sticky session in use. And leaving the other 4 for the OLTP transactional work in tact wo reporting.pli lipSomehow, some way we would like to use the same session store we created above to attach to for the 2 IIS boxes running just the reporting mechanisms, tracking a users session and not having to repeat a loginauthenticationauthorize and fill the security class with their user rights for running reports. The reporting is part of the application, however it would only handle the reporting pieces and only that code would be put onto the 2 new machines. It can operate independently IF the the current users session is still active, valid, and we can get to it.pli ol  pIt is almost as if we are wanting a distributed application structure with different IIS servers running different parts of the web application, but sharing the session state.p  pHas anyone come across something like this Is this possible or not possible Or is there a better alternative Thank you for whatever you can help with. p
Negative 110 pI found this code snippet in latest Android notepad tutorial a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comtrainingnotepadindex.html relnofollowlinka which is using contentprovider and implementing PipeDataWriter. p  pThe interface has its method writeDataToPipe which they implemented like thisp  precodeOverride public void writeDataToPipeParcelFileDescriptor output, Uri uri, String mimeType, Bundle opts, Cursor c       We currently only support conversiontotext from a single note entry,      so no need for cursor data type checking here.     FileOutputStream fout  new FileOutputStreamoutput.getFileDescriptor     PrintWriter pw  null     try          pw  new PrintWriternew OutputStreamWriterfout, UTF8         pw.printlnc.getStringREADNOTETITLEINDEX         pw.println         pw.printlnc.getStringREADNOTENOTEINDEX      catch UnsupportedEncodingException e          Log.wTAG, Ooops, e      finally          c.close         if pw  null              pw.flush                  try              fout.close          catch IOException e                 codepre  pMy doubt is that why specifically they are using PipeDataWriter p  pIs that some kind of design pattern p  pI found no other source where it has been used. Why sop
Negative 110 pIs there some way to acquire an exclusive write lock for a whole Berkeley DB database without having to close it and reopen it using a hrefhttpdocs.oracle.comcdE1707602htmlapireferenceCXXdbsetlkexclusive.html relnofollowDbsetlkexclusiveap  pPerhaps using a hrefhttpdocs.oracle.comcdE1707602htmlapireferenceCXXlockget.html relnofollowDbEnvlockgeta But in this case, how should it be called I havent found any examples about it.p  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pOn the front page of a hrefhttpwww.researchgate.net relnofollowhttpwww.researchgate.neta there are statistics that load the different users. How can I replicate that What were the tools used to create the indexteaserJSp
Negative 110 pi have customized my dialog by adding maximize,restore and minimize button, the only problem im stuck with is when default a new dialog is created it automatically calculates to position the dialog on the screen , at this point i want to know the position of where it is created , infact i can see in chrome developer tools the exact position, but im not able to retrieve the same value in the html nor the js file.p  pThe reason why i want this value is ,when a dialog is created and on maximizing it and restoring it ,it gets restored to a default position like top5px,left10px but i am sucessfully able to restore it back to the same position after the dialog is dragged onto some point.p  pThe position is calculated exactly to through the above position function. is there any way that you can paa the value calculated here to a html filep  pKindly help me on this, been stuck with it through ages.p  pCheers Jeevp
Negative 110 pI installed PyDev in Eclipse to run Python programs, but Im facing trouble importing codesimpleguicode. It is showing me this errorp  blockquote precodeimport simplegui codepre      pcodeImportErrorcode No module named codesimpleguicodep blockquote  pMy installed PyDev version is 2.7.1.p
Negative 110 pIm editing some phtml files which are included in transactional emails in Magento, but in order to test the changes, I have to actually send the emails. In the case of e.g. the order confirmation email this means I have to place an order each time I want to test an emailp  pChoosing preview email in the backend does not help because the email contains no visible order data.p  pIs there a way to preview a transactional email but have it render with order datap
Negative 110 pLinks using UIDs is activated. Same for link integrity.p  pOn a few pages images do not show up. The link to images is something like  code...datenabgleichtoolresolveuid4ff237ae1b26485490cc892ee84a1ad0imagesimagepreviewcode.p  pWhen I manually edit the page and reinsert the image in TinyMCE, then this image url changes to codedatenabgleichtoolscreenshotodbc.pngimagesa96678a51fc145eb832ee24ddecda8da.pngcode.p  pWhat could have happend and how can I correct all pages without manually reinserting images Thanks for any hintp
Negative 110 pI am fetching the body of an email using zend library but the text is wrapped.On viewing the same message in a mail client the text is formatted correctly. p  pe.g.  Original mail How r u  I am fine thankyou where are up  precode            test data. testing again. codepre  pReceived mail How r u  I am fine thankyou p  precode            Where are you             test data. testing again.  codepre  pIn the received mail the text Where are you is wrapped hence appears in a new line.p  pI need to remove the unwanted new line characters which I am assuming got introduced by the mail client because of wrapping.p  pThe details of mail header  ContentType textplain charsetUTF8 formatflowed ContentTransferEncoding 8bitp  pHow can I get the original formatting of the text and remove the extra new line characters using any php method How is the mail client formatting the text correctly p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI have a client application in Android which uses codeHttpURLConnectioncode to send files to the server. The server uses the Apache Commons FileUpload API to parse the formdata values.p  pThe codeHttpURLConnectioncode sends this requestp  precode4912995119421 ContentDisposition formdata namedeviceid  9428103 4912995119421 ContentDisposition formdata namecountryid  598 4912995119421 ContentDisposition formdata namenumber  98621360 4912995119421 ContentDisposition formdata namefile filename20121208 17.42.18.jpg ContentType imagejpeg  1 Exif  II                                                              1       2              i             n  SAMSUNG GTS5360L H      H      S5360LUHLB1 20121208 174218                                 0220                     amp              .       0100                       gt                             6                           20121208 174218 20121208 174218          d               R98      0100                                          T.       JFIF       C   4912995119421 codepre  pThe server codep  precode    String contentType  request.getContentType     if contentType.indexOfmultipartformdata  1          response.setStatusHttpServletResponse.SCNOTFOUND         return            long maxFileSize  2  1024  1024      int maxMemSize  2  1024  1024      DiskFileItemFactory factory  new DiskFileItemFactory      maximum size that will be stored in memory     factory.setSizeThresholdmaxMemSize       Create a new file upload handler     ServletFileUpload upload  new ServletFileUploadfactory      maximum file size to be uploaded.      upload.setSizeMaxmaxFileSize      List fileItems  upload.parseRequestrequest     Iterator i  fileItems.iterator       leo primero todas las variables.      int deviceID  0     int countryID  0     String phoneNumber          while i.hasNext          FileItem fi  FileItem i.next          if fi.isFormField              String variable  fi.getFieldName             if variable.equalsdeviceid                  deviceID  Integer.parseIntfi.getString              else if variable.equalscountryid                  countryID  Integer.parseIntfi.getString              else if variable.equalsnumber                  phoneNumber  String.valueOfLong.parseLongfi.getString                                   if deviceID  0  countryID  0  phoneNumber.equals          response.setStatusHttpServletResponse.SCNOTFOUND         return      codepre  pThe problem is in the line codeList fileItems  upload.parseRequestrequestcode.  The returned list is empty and I can not get the formdata values.p
Negative 110 pI have a problem on the following code, imagine the rest is okay html, head, body etc What I want to do is, when you click on one of the buttons the hidden textimages in the section show or hide, the code does that just fine. The problem is I also want it to take you to an anchor in that newly appeared section when you click on the button, and I cant seem to do that. p  pHeres the code on the HTMLp  precodelth2 classespecialgtTITLElth2gt  ltp classnormalgtltinput typeimage srcimagesimgbetabuttonimage1.png onclickshowsection1gtSection1ltpgt ltp classnormalgtltinput typeimage srcimagesimgbetabuttonimage2.png onclickshowsection2gtSection2ltpgt   lthrgt ltdiv idSection1 styledisplaynonegt lta idSection1anchorgtlth2 classespecialgtSect1TittleHerelth2gtltagt     ltp classinteriorgtBlablah this is the content of section1ltpgt   ltdivgt ltdiv idSection2 styledisplaynonegt  lta idSection2anchorgtlth2 classespecialgtSect2TittleHerelth2gtltagt     ltp classinteriorgtBlablah content of section2ltpgt     ltdivgt codepre  pAnd heres the JS function that controls the onclick event, I have one for each section, but they are all the same.p  precodeltscript languagejavascriptgt Variables var sect1guardian0, sect2guardian0, sect3guardian0        function showsect1     if sect1guardian  0           document.getElementByIdSection1.style.displayblock         sect1guardian1         Close the other sections if opened         document.getElementByIdSection2.style.displaynone         document.getElementByIdSection3.style.displaynone         Reset guardians         sect2guardian0         sect3guardian0                     else          document.getElementByIdSection1.style.displaynone         sect1guardian0          codepre  pWhere and how should I add the link to the anchor If i tried adding it to the button tag and the onclick event. I do something like thisp  precodeltp classnormalgtlta hrefSection1anchorgtltinput typeimage srcimagesimgbetabuttonimage1.png onclickshowsection1gtltagtSection1ltpgt codepre  pBecause the onclick event is in the image and I dont want the text to be hiperlinked. Clearly Im loosing somethingdoing something wrong, probably an humiliating mistake, but I ask for suggestions and corrections.p
Negative 110 pI am looking for a way to create functionality, similar to when you post a link to the existed  website in facebook. If this statement is rather ambiguous, I will try to elaborate.p  pWhen you paste your link and submit your post, facebook together with you link gives a small preview of the page, you are posting text and may be a small imagep  pWhat are the ways to achieve thisp  pI read the similar a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5778072howdogoogleandfacebookimplementandcreatethepreviewlinkfunctionalityposta, but the thing is that I do not need an image so much, text will be sufficient.p  pWorking in PHP, but language is not important, because I am looking for a high level idea. Previously I was thinking about parsing content of the link with cURL but the thing is that in a lot of situations the text returned by facebook is not available on the page.p  pIs there other waysp
Negative 110 pI know that AS3 doesnt normally allow method or operator overloading, but I do think Ive seen a workaround before for the [] operator.  Basically Im trying to either inherit from or wrap around a Dictionary  I dont necessarily care which  and create slightly special behavior for that operator, namely in the case its used twice in a row object[x][y].  Isnt there some sort of special workaround or loophole I can use for this  Thanksp
Negative 110 pIm reading file content and take string at exact location like thisp  precode string fileContentMessage  File.ReadAllTextfilename.Substring411, 3 codepre  pOutput will always be either codeOkcode or codeErrcodep  pOn the other side I have codeMyObjectcode which have codeContentEnumcode like thisp  precodepublic class MyObject             public enum ContentEnum  Ok  1, Err  2                public ContentEnum Content  get set       codepre  pNow, on the client side I want to use code like this to cast my string codefileContentMessagecode to codeContentcode propertyp  precodestring fileContentMessage  File.ReadAllTextfilename.Substring411, 3      MyObject myObj  new MyObject              Content   ,      codepre
Negative 110 pWith a grouped datasource, the HeaderTemplate is located under the GroupStyle.ContainerStyle, with the container consisting of two rows, one for the header and the other for the items.p  pThis doesnt seem to be the case with the GridView.HeaderTemplate.  The header shows on the left side of the items like thisp  pHeader Text    [Item 1]p  pIs there a way to move the header text above the items list instead I would assume one has to change the GridView Template itself, which doesnt seem to be accessible.p  pHeres the XAML for the GridView.  Its very straightforwardp  precodeltGridView xNamegridItems ItemContainerStyleStaticResource GridViewListContainerStyle ItemsSourceBinding Items SelectionModeNone AllowDropTrue CanDragItemsTrue VerticalAlignmentTop HorizontalAlignmentCenter  CanReorderItemsTrue Padding1gt         ltGridView.HeaderTemplategt             ltDataTemplategt                 ltGridgt                    ltTextBox TextBinding Title Width290 MaxLength20gt                                                                             ltGridgt             ltDataTemplategt         ltGridView.HeaderTemplategt         ltGridView.ItemTemplategt             ltDataTemplategt                 ltlocalMyControl DataContextBindinggt             ltDataTemplategt         ltGridView.ItemTemplategt     ltGridViewgt codepre  pThanks.p
Negative 110 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6783512c11threadingonwindowsC11 threading on Windowsa  p blockquote    pThe title pretty much describes it, Im trying to use the following codep  precodeinclude ltthreadgt include ltiostreamgt  using namespace std  void task1     cout ltlt Thread 1 ltlt endl   int main     thread tasktask1     task.join     return 1  codepre  pbut it gives a compiler errorp  blockquote   pDdevcpptrashthread.cpp11error thread was not declared this scopep blockquote  pIm using CodeBlocks 10.05 with GNU GCC compiler, with option stdc0xp  pCodeBlocks was just recently downloaded so I would guess that everything should be up to date.p
Negative 110 pWhen trying to compile a simple class codeg myclass.cppcode, I get the following errorp  precodeISO C forbids declaration of tuple with no type codepre  pI searched for this problem, and in most cases people seemed to forget codestdcode or including codelttuplegtcode in the header. But I have both. Here is my codep  pstrongmyclass.hstrongp  precodeifndef MYCLASS define MYCLASS  include ltiostreamgt include lttuplegt  class MyClass      stdtupleltbool, int, intgt mymethod   endif codepre  pstrongmyclass.cppstrongp  precodeinclude myclass.h  using namespace std  tupleltbool, int, intgt MyClassmymethod      return maketupletrue, 1, 1  codepre  pIf I do the same using codepaircode instead, leaving out the second codeintcode and including codeltsetgtcode, it works.p  pWhat am I missingp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pHere is the full outputp  precode g myclass.cpp o prog In file included from myclass.cpp1 myclass.h7 error ISO C forbids declaration of tuple with no type myclass.h7 error invalid use of  myclass.h7 error expected  before lt token myclass.cpp5 error expected constructor, destructor, or type conversion before lt token codepre  pp  precode g version i686appledarwin11llvmg4.2 GCC 4.2.1 Based on Apple Inc. build 5658 LLVM build 2336.11.00 codepre
Negative 110 pI am using codecassandra version 1.1.4code and for bulk loading data. I am creating codeSSTablescode and then trying to stream them to the cassandra cluster. I am trying this only on a single node my own system and thus have kept replication factor as code1code. But streaming fails every time I try to, and the following error message occursp  precodeprogress [10.66.92.92 06 0] [total 0  0MBs avg 0MBs]Streaming session to 10.66.92.92 failed Exception in thread Streaming to 10.66.92.921 java.lang.RuntimeException java.io.EOFException     at org.apache.cassandra.utils.FBUtilities.uncheckedFBUtilities.java628     at org.apache.cassandra.utils.WrappedRunnable.runWrappedRunnable.java34     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerUnknown Source     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runUnknown Source     at java.lang.Thread.runUnknown Source Caused by java.io.EOFException     at java.io.DataInputStream.readIntUnknown Source     at org.apache.cassandra.streaming.FileStreamTask.receiveReplyFileStreamTask.java194     at org.apache.cassandra.streaming.FileStreamTask.streamFileStreamTask.java181     at org.apache.cassandra.streaming.FileStreamTask.runMayThrowFileStreamTask.java94     at org.apache.cassandra.utils.WrappedRunnable.runWrappedRunnable.java30     ... 3 more  progress [10.66.92.92 16 16] [total 16  0MBs avg 0MBs]Streaming to the following hosts failed [10.66.92.92] codepre  pWhen I close the server and restart it, I can see my tables inserted, but I dont want this. I want streaming to happen successfully and avoid restarting the server again and again. Cassandra folks please help I am Using a Windows 7 environmentp
Negative 110 pI want to do a load test my Heroku application using Jmeter. To access the functionality of the application, I need to login through Facebook first.  I tried with browser recording using proxy server. But the problem is the code parameter  responsetype returned by facebook  is hard coded in the callback URI. So its giving exception Code expired exception while running the Jmeter script.   p  pI am able to view the code in response header of codehttpswww.facebook.comdialogpermissions.requestcode URL. So I need to grab this code from this header dynamically and put in the code parameter of callback URL. p  pFor this I am using strongRegular Expression Extractorstrong in Jmeter under codedialogpermissions.requestcode URL. p  pMy response header looks like belowp  precodeCacheControl   private, nocache, nostore, mustrevalidate Date            Wed, 26 Dec 2012 133717 GMT Expires         Sat, 01 Jan 2000 000000 GMT Location        httpmyapplication.herokuapp.comoauthauthenticatefacebookcodeSOMECODE P3P CPFacebook does not have a P3P policy. Learn why here httpfb.mep3p codepre  pI want to extract this codecodesome codecode and put it in the next URL using regular expression extractor.p
Negative 110 pstrongScenariostrongp  pEach time data is insertedupdateddeleted intoinfrom a table, up to 3 things need to happenp  ol liThe data needs to be logged to a separate tableli liReferencial integrity must be enforced on implicit related data Im referring to data that should be linked with a foreign key relationship, but isnt eg. When a updating codeTable1.Namecode should also update codeTable2.Namecode to the same valueli liArbitrary business logic needs to executeli ol  pThe architecture and schema of the database must not be changed and the requirements must be accomplished by using triggers.p  pstrongQuestionstrongp  pWhich option is betterp  ol liA single trigger per operation insertupdatedelete that handles multiple concerns logs, enforces implicit referencial integrity, and executes arbitrary business logic.  This trigger could be named codeDTableNamecode D for delete.li lipMultiple triggers per operation that were segregated by concern.  They could be named   p  ul licodeDTableNameLoggingcode  for logging when something is deleted from li licodeDTableNameRIcodeli licodeDTableNameBLcodeli ulli ol  pI prefer option 2 because a single unit of code has a single concern.  I am not a DBA, and know enough about SQL Server to make me dangerous.p  pAre there any compelling reasons to handle all of the concerns in a single triggerp
Negative 110 pI have a user system that manages the users attributes, hashed salted password, an RSA Public Key and an RSA Private Key encrypted by actual salt  password.p  pThe RSA keys are generated during the users signup or if the password is reset by user admin or forgot password as the private key is essentially lost without the password.p  pCurrently, the RSA Keys are generated on the clients machine, encrypted with their password stored securyly in browser memory, and sent back to the server to store the data.p  pBut now, I would like to create two other options for RSA Key generation. Both of these will work on a message queue system that will either be processed on the local system via a cron or the system sends a message to another server via a symmetric encrypted channel which creates the keys and sends it back to the system for storage.p  pAlthough these methods are valid secure methods of doing the hard bit of RSA generation, but my current conundrum is how to secure the calculated private key for that user. Having the private key secured by the password means the password is needed, and any other mechanism would require a key either to be made available to the code, or temporarily store an encryption key that is available to both parties the user and the system.p  pI initially thought it would be good to store the users password with a system RSA key pair, and when the new keys are generated, the users password is fetched and deleted from the store and used to encrypt the new private key and store it with the user. But that requires that the system has access to its private key, which would give a hacker access to the users password.p  pThe above method might work if its sending the commands to a separate secured server even physically because if that is the only one that stores the internal private key, then it can only be accessed if that server is hacked.p  pDoes anyone have any suggestions about how I could process and secure the users private key that does could not be cracked even if the hacker has access to the full source and databasep
Negative 110 pI have a situation where starting from the 2nd call and subsequent ones Ajax GET calls, codeAutoMappercode is reusing the previous value the value from the 1st call that comes from a click in an action link. Its like a caching problem...p  precodepublic virtual ActionResult Listint assessmentId, int chapterId, bool isMenuClick       Mapper.CreateMapltElement, AssessmentQuestionViewModelgt.     ForMemberdest gt dest.AssessmentId, opt gt opt.MapFrome gt assessmentId      ...   codepre  pIt doesnt matter if I use codeUseValuecode, codeResolveUsingcode or codeMapFromcode in the above codeopt gtcode lambda. The behavior is the same, that is, it reuses the value from previous calls.p  pcodeAssessmentIdcode property does not exist in the source type  codeElementcode . This way I try to assign codeAssessmentIdcode a value that may change dynamically during subsequent calls to the method where I have this code. codeassessmentIdcode is a parameter in my ASP.NET MVC action method as shown above in the method signature.p  pThen I call this code in the codeListcode action methodp  precodevar questions      Mapper.MapltIEnumerableltElementgt, IEnumerableltAssessmentQuestionViewModelgtgt      Database.Elements.Wheree gt elementIds.Containse.ElementId ampamp                               e.Standard.ChapterId  chapterId codepre  pThe first time, codequestionscode is OK, that is, all codeAssessmentQuestionViewModelcode objects have the codeAssessmentIdcode property set correctly as per the codeCreateMapcode defined.p  pStarting from the 2nd call, it reuses the codeassessmentIdcode from the 1st call and it messes up with my business logic because I expect it to map codeAssessmentIdcode to the updated codeassessmentIdcode thats being passed as a parameter to the codeListcode method.p  pJust to be sure Ive set a breakpoint in the code and I can see that the value of the codeassessmentIdcode parameter is correct. Its just the returned mapped objects codequestionscode that have the wrong value in the codeAssessmentIdcode property  a value that differs from the current codeassessmentIdcode value. The values should be equal as I understand it since Im asking AutoMapper to do the mapping using that current value.p  pI have AutoMapper 2.2.1ci9000 Prerelease, but I tested this with the previous version and I saw this same behavior. I updated to the Prerelease thinking that this misbehavior would go away.p  pI think this is a bug. Please correct me if Im wrong or if Im trying to use it in a way not supported. p
Negative 110 pIn Lua Code brp  precodeTest   function Testnew   local obj     setmetatableobj, self   self.index  self   return obj end local a  Testnew a.ID  abc123 callCfunca codepre  pIn C Code brp  precodeint callCfuncluaState  l     void obj  luatopointerl, 1            I hope get luas a variable    luapushlightuserdatal, obj       luagetfieldl, 1, ID    stdstring id  luatostringl, 1        I hoe get the value abc123    ...    return 0  codepre  pBut My C result is brp  precodeid  null codepre  pWhy How to modify code to work fine  br PS I dont hope create C Test Class mapping to luap  p update1  br In addition, I have added the test code to confirm correct incoming parameters. p  precodeint callCfuncluaState  l     stdstring typeName  luatypenamel, luatypel, 1     the typeNametable    void obj  luatopointerl, 1            I hope get luas a variable    luapushlightuserdatal, obj       luagetfieldl, 1, ID    stdstring id  luatostringl, 1        I hoe get the value abc123    ...    return 0  codepre  pthe result p  precodetypeName  table  codepre  pso incoming parameter type is Correctp
Negative 110 pThere are some solutions, but i dont know how to change that for my table. So i hope someone could help me.p  pI have the following Tablep  precode  UID   TITLE     BEGIN        END      RECURRING      1  event A  1359741600  1359745200  none          1  event B  1359741600           0  daily         1  event C  1359741600           0  weekly        1  event D  1359741600           0  monthly       1  event E  1359741600           0  yearly      codepre  pHow can i now select every event from now on up to 7 days and also all recurring events in the next 7 daysp  pThe following ive tried but not working very good and not finished.p  precodeSELECT      FROM   txeventsdomainmodelevent  WHERE     none recurring events in the next 7 days         recuring  none      AND begindate  begintime gt UNIXTIMESTAMPNOW      AND enddate  endtime lt UNIXTIMESTAMPDATEADDNOW, INTERVAL 7 DAY       OR     Daily    recuring  daily    OR     Weekly         recuring  weekly      AND DAYOFWEEKNOW  1 lt DAYOFWEEKFROMUNIXTIMEbegindate  1       OR     Monthly    recuring  monthly    AND  codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to figure it out if there is a faster way to get the content from a URL Using Scala. Using Apache codeIOUtilscode I am able to get the content faster than codeSource.fromURLcode in Scala. Here is the code from bothp  pUsing Javap  precode    try          tmpIOUtils.toStringnew URLhttpgizmodo.com         tmptmp.substringtmp.indexOf360 title12         tmptmp.substring0,tmp.indexOf      catch MalformedURLException e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace      catch IOException e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace      codepre  pUsing Scalap  precode  val gizmodoPageLines  Source.fromURLhttpgizmodo.com.getLines.mkStringn   val posgizmodoPageLines.indexOf360 title   var tmpgizmodoPageLines.substringpos12   tmp.substring0,tmp.indexOf codepre  pIn Java it takes around 155899 nsp  pIn Scala  343880 nsp  pWhy is the Scala code so slowp
Negative 110 pApp History Im trying to send the update of an app that is already in store. This version is the first with In App Purchase code implemented. I have tested app and inapp,all works in sandbox environment. Naturraly i cant test the official environment until the inapp is approved, but im sure that the php script i use verify recipit works because im still using it with other apps already in store. p  pFirst Submit i have send to review the inapp and the app at the same time,it seems all ok but my app was rejected due the impossibility to purchase the inapp. At the same time my inapp was rejected, and in itunes i have found this img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com40zqR.jpg altenter image description herep  pIn the detail of the inapp img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVahTU.jpg altenter image description herep  pClicking in the Language Detailimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7CYH5.jpg altenter image description herep  pAt this point i have searched trought my itunes app settings and i found a setting that regards the language, in App Information section the default language is setted to a different language of the inapp. I have changed this setting and now app and inapp have all the same language. I have deleted inapp and i have create another with the same name,identifier ecc. The inapp status is changed to waiting to review, then i have resubmit the same bundle for the app.p  pSecond Submit My app and my in app was rejected again. The error,the cause of rejection is the same and i have the same behavior in inapp section. The message in resolution center is thisp  hr  p2.2p  pWe found that your app exhibited one or more bugs, when reviewed on iPhone 5 running iOS 6.0.1, on both WiFi and cellular networks, which is not in compliance with the App Store Review Guidelines.p  pSpecifically, we noticed that an error message is displayed when attempting to purchase the In App AddOn.p  pPlease see the attached screenshot for more information.p  hr  pI think this message is mileading, the error message displayed by my app is an alert that i fire when i receive a SKPaymentTransactionStateFailed or when i cant verify a recipit. All this functions works correctly in sandbox.   p  pWhats wrong with my inapp  Anyone have expirienced something similarp
Negative 110 pI am adding a codeNSShadowcode object to a codeNSMutableAttributedStringcode to draw it with a shadow around the string. But I see that codeNSShadowcode hasnt an attribute for setting the shadow inclination. It has only codeshadowOffsetcode, codeshadowColorcode and codeshadowBlurRadiuscode .  p  pHow do I make it oblique p
Negative 110 pMy requirement is to call a web service from Android and display the result in a nice manner.p  pBut inside the web services WSDL I dont find a codeSOAPActioncode. The WSDL  looks like thisp  precodeltoperation namegetStudentListgt  ltsoapoperation soapActiongt  ltinputgt    ltsoapbody useliteralgt  ltinputgt  ltoutputgt    ltsoapbody useliteralgt   ltoutputgt ltoperationgt codepre  pIs there any way to find the codeSOAPActioncode in some other places inside the WSDL Can I call the web service and get a result without the codeSOAPActioncodep
Negative 110 pI am putting together an MVC 4 project that is likely to grow extensively over the next few years. With the luxury and challenge of starting with a clean slate, I am trying to figure out the best practice for routing and organizing my controllers and views.p  pThe MvcCodeRouting NuGet package is compelling and I plan on using it. However, I am not sure whether it would also be wise to utilize MVC Areas. It seems like MVC Areas are superfluous if MvcCodeRouting is used, but I am not sure if the extra bit of code organization offered by Areas is still desirable.p  pTo illustrate what I mean, lets take this fictitious grading application. It has the following high level areasp  ul liPublic portalli liAuthenticated student portalli liAuthenticated teacher portalli liAuthenticated administrator portalli ul  pLets say each portal will end up with 100 different views lets be ambitious. If that scale is realized, MVC Areas seem like a nice way to partition the code, with MvcCodeRouting used within each Area. Or perhaps we should just organize the code anyway we like and let MvcCodeRouting do the heavy lifting.p  pSo the Areas plus MvcCodeRouting design would look something like this folder structurep  ul liMvcWebProject ul liAreas ul liAdmin ul liControllersli liModelsli liViewsli ulli liPublic ul liControllersli liModelsli liViewsli ulli liStudent ul liControllersli liModelsli liViewsli ulli liTeacher ul liControllersli liModelsli liViewsli ulli ulli liContentli liControllersli liScriptsli liViewsli ulli ul  pAnd the MvcCodeRouting design without Areas would look something like this folder structurep  ul liMvcWebProject ul liContentli liControllers ul liAdminli liPublicli liStudentli liTeacherli ulli liModels ul liAdminli liPublicli liStudentli liTeacherli ulli liScriptsli liViews ul liAdminli liPublicli liStudentli liTeacherli ulli ulli ul  pImplicit in these designs is that MvcCodeRouting would be used to further organize classes via namespaces.p  pOf these too designs, which is the better approach Why Is there another approach that is even better Is sharing resources among the portals easier or more difficult in one design or the otherp  pNote that this is just the frontend to a whole solution of code, so the whole servicedomaindatabase behind this has its own specific architecture. For the purpose of this question, I am just interested how these different application areas should be architected in MVC.p
Negative 110 pI have a list of 22 categories with about 8 menuItems per category, but my viewmodel ends up with only the last item in the list.  Im having a hard time seeing where the problem is.br At this point Im sure the problem is in how Im populating the viewmodel but I dont know where the problem is.p  pThe strongViewModelsstrongp  precodepublic class MenuViewModel          public ListltCategoryViewModelgt CategoryList  get set  codepre  hr  precodepublic class CategoryViewModel      public int CategoryID  get set      public string CategoryTitle  get set      public ListltMenuItemViewModelgt MenuItemList  get set    public class MenuItemViewModel      public string Title  get set      public string Note  get set      public string Description  get set      public ListltPriceViewModelgt PriceList  get set    codepre  hr  precodepublic class PriceViewModel      public decimal PriceValueRegularLunch  get set      public decimal PriceValueSmallLunch  get set      public decimal PriceValueLargeLunch  get set       public decimal PriceValueRegularDinner  get set      public decimal PriceValueSmallDinner  get set      public decimal PriceValueLargeDinner  get set       public decimal PriceValueRegularTakeOut  get set      public decimal PriceValueSmallTakeOut  get set      public decimal PriceValueLargeTakeOut  get set   codepre  hr  precodeprivate MenuViewModel LoadViewModelint menuNameID                   ListltCategorygt returnedCategories  GetAllMenuDataModel.GetAllMenuItemsByCategorymenuNameID          MenuViewModel vmMenu  new MenuViewModel          PriceViewModel vmPrices  new PriceViewModel          foreach Category category in returnedCategories                      CategoryViewModel vmCategory  new CategoryViewModel                                                                                                    CategoryID  category.categoryId,                                                    CategoryTitle  category.categoryTitle                                                              foreach MenuItem menuItem in category.MenuItems                              MenuItemViewModel vmMenuItem  new MenuItemViewModel                                                                                                            Title  menuItem.itemTitle,                                                        Description  menuItem.itemDescription,                                                        Note  menuItem.itemNote                                                                      foreach Price price in menuItem.Prices                                      switch price.MealType.mealName.ToLower                                              case lunch                             if price.ServingSize.sizeName  Regular                                                              vmPrices.PriceValueLargeLunch  price.priceValue                                                          if price.ServingSize.sizeName  Small                                                              vmPrices.PriceValueLargeLunch  price.priceValue                                                          if price.ServingSize.sizeName  Large                                                              vmPrices.PriceValueLargeLunch  price.priceValue                                                          break                         case dinner                             if price.ServingSize.sizeName  Regular                                                              vmPrices.PriceValueLargeLunch  price.priceValue                                                          if price.ServingSize.sizeName  Small                                                              vmPrices.PriceValueLargeLunch  price.priceValue                                                          if price.ServingSize.sizeName  Large                                                              vmPrices.PriceValueLargeLunch  price.priceValue                                                          break                         case takeOut                             if price.ServingSize.sizeName  Regular                                                              vmPrices.PriceValueLargeLunch  price.priceValue                                                          if price.ServingSize.sizeName  Small                                                              vmPrices.PriceValueLargeLunch  price.priceValue                                                          if price.ServingSize.sizeName  Large                                                              vmPrices.PriceValueLargeLunch  price.priceValue                                                          break                                           vmMenuItem.PriceList  new ListltPriceViewModelgt  vmPrices                                    vmCategory.MenuItemList  new ListltMenuItemViewModelgt  vmMenuItem                           vmMenu.CategoryList  new ListltCategoryViewModelgt  vmCategory                   return vmMenu      codepre
Negative 110 pI have an application already developed in Eclipse 3.7, but as Eclipse 4.0 Juno is out I would like to port my RCP application to Juno.p  pCould someone tell me how to do thisp
Negative 110 pI am trying to force a serialized logic onto a set of asynchronous activities on a webpage. I am fairly certain I want to use the jQuery deferred object, but I run into the problem that the functions I want to execute are dependent on when the user decides to make selections by clicking various buttons. I am looking for help doing this using the following jsFiddle ideap  pConsider a sequence of 4 buttons. When clicked, each button disables itself and enables the next button. Each button shouldnt have its event set until after it has been enabled. Theres an added task in this case an alert to be done ONLY AFTER the 3rd button has been enabled.p  h1Basic HTML Codeh1  precodeltbutton idbtn1gtClick 1stltbuttongt ltbutton idbtn2 disableddisabledgtClick 2ndltbuttongt ltbutton idbtn3 disableddisabledgtClick 3rdltbuttongt ltbutton idbtn4 disableddisabledgtClick 4thltbuttongt codepre  h1Tasks In Each Steph1  precodevar fnDoStageOne  function    btn1.oneclick, functionevent, ui      btn1.propdisabled, true     btn2.propdisabled, false     STAGE ONE IS ONLY DONE AFTER THIS POINT      var fnDoStageTwo  function    btn2.oneclick, functionevent, ui      btn2.propdisabled, true     btn3.propdisabled, false     STAGE TWO IS ONLY DONE AFTER THIS POINT      var fnDoStageThree  function    btn3.oneclick, functionevent, ui      btn3.propdisabled, true     btn4.propdisabled, false     STAGE THREE IS ONLY DONE AFTER THIS POINT      alertShouldnt see this if button 3 isnt active yet   var fnDoStageFour  function    btn4.oneclick, functionevent, ui      btn4.propdisabled, true     alertTask complete     STAGE FOUR IS ONLY DONE AFTER THIS POINT     codepre  h1Incorrect Control Logich1  precodevar oDeferredObj  .Deferred  oDeferredObj.thenfnDoStageOne oDeferredObj.thenfnDoStageTwo oDeferredObj.thenfnDoStageThree oDeferredObj.thenfnDoStageFour oDeferredObj.resolve codepre  pThe jsfiddle can be seen here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netsva79 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netsva79ap  pMy initial understanding was that I could just chain the functions into the deferred with the .then function. Obviously, this doesnt work as the additional task in step 3 triggers on page load. How would I need to adjust the control or logic of this scenario to put of resolving each step until the appropriate button press has been registeredp
Negative 110 pIn probably the best error message Ive gotten in awhile, Im curious as to what went wrong.p  pThe original code p  precodefloat currElbowAngle  LeftArm  Elbow.transform.localRotation.eulerAngles.y                                  360f  Elbow.transform.localRotation.eulerAngles.y codepre  pIm using Unity3d and C LeftArm is a codeboolcode type and according to a hrefhttpdocs.unity3d.comDocumentationScriptReferenceVector3y.htmldocumentationa codeElbow.transform.localRotation.eulerAngles.ycode returns a codefloatcode value.p  pThis code gives me the error p  blockquote   pThere exists both implicit conversions from float and float and   from float to floatp blockquote  pThis fixes itp  precodefloat currElbowAngle  LeftArm  float Elbow.transform.localRotation.eulerAngles.y                                  360f  Elbow.transform.localRotation.eulerAngles.y codepre  pSo my question is this What was that error trying to communicate and what actually went wrongp  pstrongUpdate 1strong Elbow is a codeGameObjectcode and this error is in Visual Studiop
Negative 110 pI need to show the contact list and do not want to make a contact list by a program. I want to call the Contacts application that is available  in all android phone. I already know the package name is com.android.contacts.But I do not know the class names of this package. p  pAnybody can help me, please.p
Negative 110 pIm searching for a control of even how to implement this in ASP.NET WebForms, the recruitment is A shift will be created with many periods and I need to display the Shifts Periods in a table formatp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQQJIy.png altDummy Schedulep
Negative 110 pThis is my program p  blockquote   pimport MySQLdb as mdbp      pfrom MySQLdb import IntegrityErrorp      pconn  mdb.connectlocalhost, asdf, asdf, asdfp blockquote  pwhen the connect function is called python prints some text h in the shell. This happens only if I execute the script file from a particular folder. If I copy the same script file to some other folder h is not printed.p  pactually i had this line previously in the same script for testingp  blockquote   pprint hp blockquote  pbut now i have removed the line from the script. But still it is printed. What happen to my folderp
Negative 110 pI hope this is a simple question, but I have been beating my head against the wall for hours now. I would like to create a column chart in SSRS 2008 with columns that are always the same width and always the same width of space between columns. The catch is that the chart will not always have the same amount of columns.p  pHere is what I have in scenario 1 with 12 columnsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comgGFFt.png altenter image description herep  pHere is what I have in scenario 2 with 4 columnsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comUwgTm.png altenter image description herep  pI would like to see something more like scenario 3 insteadp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comkZfs4.png altenter image description herep  pAs of now this is a very simple column chart. The only real modification I have done that I feel will be important to mention is that I have set the PixelPointWidth value to 20 in the Chart Series  Custom Attributes section. This ensures that the columns all stay the same size. I notice that the PointWidth value in the same section is used to control spacing between columns, but it does so by making the columns largersmaller to fit. The PointWidth value has no effect when the PixelPointWidth value is greater than zero.p  pPlease help me find the way to keep the columns the same width and also maintain the same width between columnsp
Negative 110 pI am looking for a solid implementation to allow me to progressively work through a list of items using a hrefhttpdocs.python.org2libraryqueue.html relnofollowQueuea.p  pThe idea is that I want to use a set number of workers that willgo through a list of 20 database intensive tasks and return the result. I want Python to start with the five first items and as soon as its done with one task starts on the next task in the queue.p  pThis is how I am currently doing it without a hrefhttpdocs.python.org2librarythreading.html relnofollowThreadinga.p  precodefor key, v in self.sources.iteritems      Do Stuff codepre  pI would like to have a similar approach, but possibly without having to split the list up into subgroups of five. So that it automatically will pick up the next item in the list. The goal is to make sure that if one database is slowing down the process, it will not have a negative impact on the whole application. p
Negative 110 pFor example, I have lots of GPS data in server.the server is written with node.js Can the server send a postand the data to google map to call its api and return data for  the serverp  pI wish you can explain to me with an examplewith some code is better p  pThanks a lot.p
Negative 110 pI store few pdf files in my db as binary format using the below code in my controller,p  precode    [HttpPost]     public ActionResult IndexHttpPostedFileBase file              Image newImage  new Image         newImage.MimeType  file.ContentType                    var binaryReader  new BinaryReaderfile.InputStream         newImage.Data  binaryReader.ReadBytesfile.ContentLength         binaryReader.Close         objImage.InsertImagenewImage.Data          return View       codepre  pnow i want to download them back based on the id passed to the contrller that pdf files should be downloadedp  pthis is my code for pdf download, wat do i need to add morep  precode    public ActionResult Downloadint id              DataSet da  new DataSet          da  objImage.getUserImageid         DataTable dt  new DataTable         dt  da.Tables[0]         Byte[] imagedataByte[]dt.Rows[0][UsImage]         codepre
Negative 110 pWhen configuring my ODBC driver from MySql, I get the error Architecture Mismatch between the Driver and Application.p
Negative 110 pI would like to change the logging levels of a running Rails 3.2.x application without restarting the application. My intent is to use it to do shorttime debugging and information gathering before reverting it to the usual logging level. p  pI also understand that the levels in ascending order are debug, info, warn, error, and fatal, and that production servers log info and higher, while development logs debug and higher. p  pI understand that if I run p  precodeRails.logger.leveldebug or info, warn, error, fatal codepre  pWill this change the logging level immediatelyp  pIf so, can I do this by writing a Rake task to adjust the logging level, or do I need to support this by adding a route For example in configroutes.rb p  precodematch setlogginglevellevelsecret gt logcontrollersetlevel  codepre  pand then setting the levels in the logcontroller. level is the logging level, and secret which is shared between client and server, is something to prevent random users from tweaking the log levels p  pWhich is more appropriate, rake task or setlogginglevel p
Negative 110 pGlobal Exception handing with Spring WebFlow Flow.p  pI am working in a Spring webflow project and I would like to know if anyone knows how to add sometype of global exception handing in the flow so if any of my java calls throw a example it will catch in and bring in to the same error system for the full systemp  pMy old flow worked with out a issuesp  precodeltvar namemember classxxxx gt ltdecisionstate idcheckIsInPendinggt    ltif testflowControllerActions.isInPendingmember thenendStateMemberPending elsename gt ltdecisionstategt codepre  ponce I added the global to it, I started to get a error.p  precodeltvar namemember classxxxxx gt      ltglobaltransitionsgt         lttransition onexceptionjava.lang.Exception                     toSystemException gt     ltglobaltransitionsgt       ltdecisionstate idcheckIsInPendinggt         ltif testflowControllerActions.isInPendingmember thenendStateMemberPending elsename gt     ltdecisionstategt codepre  pHere is my errorp  precodeorg.xml.sax.SAXParseException lineNumber 29 columnNumber 40 cvccomplextype.2.4.a Invalid content was found starting with element decisionstate. One of httpwww.springframework.orgschemawebflowonend, httpwww.springframework.orgschemawebflowoutput, httpwww.springframework.orgschemawebflowexceptionhandler, httpwww.springframework.orgschemawebflowbeanimport is expected. codepre
Negative 110 pI have my site configured so that it will automatically render different versions of a video in the background. Its actually working really well. If the video is successful in the three different transcodes it will send a success email. However, if it generates an error, it will send a failure email. The issue that Im having is that im trying to pass self through to the Action Mailer so that I can atleast give the name of the video that is successful or failed. However, it appears that self is null.p  pmodelp  precode  def videosuccessformat, opts     VideoMailer.videosuccessself.deliver   end   def videorescueformat, opts     VideoMailer.videoerrorself.deliver   end codepre  puploaderp  precodeversion mp4 do     process encodevideo gt [mp4, callbacks rescue videorescue  ]     def fullfilenameforfile       File.basenameforfile, File.extnameforfile.mp4     end end   version webm do     process encodevideo gt [webm, callbacks  aftertranscode videosuccess, rescue videorescue ]     def fullfilenameforfile       File.basenameforfile, File.extnameforfile.webm     end end codepre  pAny thoughts on how this can be accomplished Also, it would be best that if there was an error, to return the error message that is generated. p  pSecondly, each User model has an email address. The user who uploads the video should receive the email address. However, Im having issues using currentuser within the model. Im thinking that it also has something to do with the backgrounder since that information is not passed over to the background process.p
Negative 110 pIs it possible to change text selector selection, cursor, etc. color or style for my android application somehow like for one in the link belowp  pa hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comdesignmediatextinputtextselection.png relnofollowSelection image exampleap  pOr it is default for device and can not be changedp
Negative 110 pI am trying to setup Proxy timeout value, so that if proxy fails to work after 10 seconds, it should cancel the request. How can i do so in HTTPWebRequest or WebRequestp  precodeWebProxy webProxy  new WebProxyhttptestserver80 WebRequest webRequest  WebRequest.Createhttpwww.google.com webRequest.Proxy  webProxy webRequest.Timeout  5000 codepre  pIs it Timeout property only It doesnt seem to work for me.p  pRegardsp
Negative 110 pIm trying to record the time it takes for a method to complete. I was originally timing the method as a whole, but the numbers seemed a bit off so I decided to time each individual pass through the for loop.p  pThe strange thing is that, as the loop progresses, the enqueue operation seems to get quicker and quicker each time. Each call of q.enqueue is enqueueing an incremented string String1, String2,....etc to a linked list queue.p  pIf I make num100, each pass takes about 4,000 nanoseconds. However if I increase num to 100,000 I can see that the first few hundred passes take around 4,000 again, but they gradually get quicker and quicker, with the final hundred or so being either 316 nanoseconds or 0 nanoseconds.p  pI know that using nanotime isnt going to be 100 accurate, but its clearly getting quicker as the loop progresses.p  pWhats happening herep  precodepublic static void enqueueLoopint num, Queue q            for int i0iltnumi         long start, enqueueTime          start  System.nanoTime         q.enqueueString  i1         qTime  System.nanoTime  start          System.out.printlnEnqueue Operation took   NumberFormat.getInstance.formatqTime   nanoseconds            codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to handle a touchmove event for an ngrepeated directive, regardless of where the touchstart occurred. In my present code, if one of the elements detects a touchstart, all touchmove events will be handled by that same element, regardless of where on the screen the touchmoves happen. When I execute similar functionality with a mousemove, each element correctly receives mousemove events only when the mouse is over the respective elements. p  pI have seen questions unrelated to AngularJS about detecting the DOM element for a touchmove event a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3918842howtofindouttheactualeventtargetoftouchmovejavascripteventHow to find out the actual event.target of touchmove javascript eventa, but if I were to do that, I dont see a way of handling that inside a directivecontroller with the correct scope.p  pHere is a basic example for convenience a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netzMKKv1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netzMKKv1a to compare the difference in behavior between mousemove and touchmovep  precodelthtml langen ngappmyAppgt      ltheadgt         ltscript typetextjavascript srcajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.8.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscript typetextjavascript srcajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.0.2angular.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltheadgt      ltbodygt         ltdiv ngcontrollercountControllergt             ltcounter ngrepeatitem in somedata gt         ltdivgt     ltbodygt  lthtmlgt    .box    width 150px   height 150px   border solid   float left     var app  angular.modulemyApp, []  app.controllercountController, function scope      scope.somedata  [         label One,         count 0     ,          label Two,         count 0     ,          label Three,         count 0     ]      scope.increment  functionitem        item.count  item.count  1       scope.digest        app.directivecounter, function       return          restrict E,         template ltdiv classboxgtitem.labelltpgtitem.countltdivgt,         link function scope, element, attrs               element.onmousemove, function                   scope.incrementscope.item                           element.ontouchmove, function e                  e.preventDefault                 scope.incrementscope.item                             codepre
Negative 110 pIm working with Symfony2 and I have a problem. the application working correctly in the server in production.....p  plocalhost but not how to make it work. since what change in parameters.ini does nothing keeps trying to connect to the server. I tried to clean the cache does not work.p  precode These parameters can be imported into other config files  by enclosing the key with  like databaseuser  Comments start with , as in php.ini [parameters]     databasedriver    pdomysql     databasehost      localhost     databaseport      8889     databasename      paradasymfonytienda     databaseuser      root     databasepassword  root      mailertransport   smtp     mailerhost        smtp.alwaysdata.com     maileruser        paradasymfonyalwaysdata.net     mailerpassword    loksea     mailerencryption  tls     mailerauthmode   login     mailerport        465      locale             es      secret             ThisTokenIsNotSoSecretChangeIt codepre  pa greeting. use MAMPp
Negative 110 pI have a parent job that triggers many downstream jobs dynamically.p  pI use python code to generate the list of jobs to be triggered, write it to a properties file, Inject the file using EnvInject plugin and then use the Parameterized trigger plugin with the job list variable comma separated variable to launch the jobs If anyone know an easier way of doing this I would love to hear that also.p  pIt works great except when killing the parent job, the triggered jobs continue to run, and I want them dead also when killing the parent.p  pIs there a plugin or way to implement this Maybe a hook that is called when a job is killedp  pEDIT Sorry for the confusion, I wasnt clear about what I meant with killing the job. I mean clicking the red x button in the Jenkins gui, not the Unix signal. p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 110 pIm fairly new to Python but am ok with programming although havent done any for about 5 years.p  pIve searched but cant find anything to answer my problemp  pI have a number of lists, each with values in them, Im trying to create a generic function that takes 2 values that searches a list, the 2 values are obviously the list name, and the string to search for in that listp  precodelist0  [name,date,cat,dog] list1  [house,chair,table] list2  [tv,dvd,computer,mouse]  usersearchlist  rawinputEnter list name  usersearchitem  rawinputEnter item to search for   def searchmemoryusersearchlist,usersearchitem   return usersearchlist.indexusersearchitem codepre  pI then call the functionp  precodeprint I found, searchmemoryusersearchlist,usersearchitem codepre  pIm getting the ValueError substring not found because the function call is taking the literal string passed into the function and not referencing the value contained inside of it.p  pHope that makes sense, am I doing something totally wrongp
Negative 110 pIn order to get my object manager inside my fieldsets init function I followed the a hrefhttpframework.zend.commanual2.1enmoduleszend.form.advanceduseofforms.htmlthespecificcaseofinitializers relnofollowdocsa At first I found out that I had to changep  precodepublic function setServiceLocatorServiceLocator sl codepre  ptop  precodepublic function setServiceLocatorServiceLocatorInterface sl codepre  potherwise I got an errorp  precodesetServiceLocator must be compatible with that of ZendServiceManagerServiceLocatorAwareInterfacesetServiceLocator codepre  pWhen calling codethisgtgetServiceLocatorcode I get an instance of the FormManager. Additionally calling codethisgtgetServiceLocatorgtgetServiceLocatorcode returns codeNULLcode.p  pSince I am still new to DI I wonder if I am missing a place to injectp  pTesting I switched fromp  precodeform  new MyForm codepre  ptop  precodeformManager  thisgtserviceLocatorgtgetFormElementManager form         formManagergtgetApplicationFormMyForm codepre  pSince then I get this errorp  precodeexception ZendDiExceptionRuntimeException with message Invalid instantiator of type NULL for ZendServiceManagerServiceLocatorInterface. An abstract factory could not create an instance of applicationformmyformalias ApplicationFormMyForm. codepre  pAnyway reading some other threads using the codeServiceLocatorcode Awareness isnt recommended. Is using the codeFormElementProviderInterfacecode the alternativep  pI used the ServiceLocatorAwareInterface before in my classes like thisp  precodeuse ZendServiceManagerServiceLocatorAwareInterface use ZendServiceManagerServiceLocatorInterface  class MyClass implements ServiceLocatorAwareInterface      protected services      public function setServiceLocatorServiceLocatorInterface serviceLocator              thisgtservices  serviceLocator           public function getServiceLocator              return thisgtservices      codepre  pand simply calling it per service locator in my cp  precodesm  thisgtgetServiceLocator myClass  smgtgetApplicationServiceMyClass codepre  pwithout having to set an DI. Is this necessary for Fieldsets  Form and where  how exactelyp  pI tried to inject my Form and Fieldset this wayp  precode    servicemanager gt array     factories gt array         ApplicationFormCreateCostcenter gt function ZendServiceManagerServiceLocatorInterface sl              form  new ApplicationFormCreateCostcenter             formgtsetServiceLocatorsl             return form         ,         ApplicationFormCostcenterFieldset gt function ZendServiceManagerServiceLocatorInterface sl              fieldset  new ApplicationFormCostcenterFieldset             fieldsetgtsetServiceLocatorsl             return fieldset         ,     , , codepre  pThe injection works for my form when calling it in my controllerp  precodeform  thisgtgetServiceLocatorgtgetApplicationFormCreateCostcenter codepre  pBut of course it wont pass the serviceManager to the Fieldset.p  pAnyway I dont understand why there has to be a config for the serviceManagerAwareness since it works with other class by just implementing it. There also is no hint in the docs for advanced usage since strongZF 2.1strongp  pa hrefhttpframework.zend.commanual2.1enmoduleszend.form.advanceduseofforms.htmlthespecificcaseofinitializers relnofollowuse an initializer like ZendServiceManagerServiceLocatorAwareInterface to inject a specific object to all your formsfieldsetselementsap
Negative 110 pI am very new to Sencha so this is probably a newbie error p  pI am trying to implement page navigation in Sencha. The following scenario WORKS.p  pI have a Main.js with a Home screen and a Login screen. When I enter credentials I am forwarded to Home.js.p  pHowever, I now want to remove the Home from the Main, because it can only be shown after a login. But, after removing the xtype home from the Main.js, it cannot be found anymore. I dont understand why.p  pstrongMain.jsstrongp  precodeconfig       tabBarPosition  bottom,      items  [         xtype  startview,     ,          xtype  contactform     ,          xtype  loginform     ,          xtype  createaccountform     ,          xtype  homeview REMOVING THIS MAKES THE HOME undefined in the controller     ]  codepre  pstrongMy controllerstrongp  precodeExt.defineMyApp.controller.LoginController,  extend  Ext.app.Controller,  xtype  logincontroller,  requires  [Ext.app.Router, MyApp.view.Home],  config       refs           loginForm  loginFormPanel,         home  homeview     ,      routes           login  authenticateuser     ,     control           button[actionlogin]               tap  authenticateUser              ,     views  [Login, Home] ,  authenticateUser  functionbutton                WHEN REMOVING xtype homeview from MAIN this getter returns undefined      var activeView  this.getHome       this.getLoginForm.submit         url  phpprocesslogin.php,         method  POST,         success  functionform, result               alertSuccess and moving to home   activeView             Ext.Viewport.setActiveItemactiveView         ,         failure  functionform, result               alert2              Ext.Msg.alertError, failure....  result                 codepre  pstrongHome.jsstrongp  precodeExt.defineMyApp.view.Home,  extend  Ext.tab.Panel, id  home, xtype  homeview, requires  [Ext.TitleBar, Ext.Video], config       title  Home,     iconCls  home,     tabBarPosition  bottom,      items  [         xtype  searchview,     ,          xtype  profileview     ,          xtype  messagesview     ,          xtype  sensesview     ]   codepre  pp  pstrongapp.jsstrongp  precodeviews  [Start, Main, Contact, Login, CreateAccount, Home, Messages, Profile, Search, Senses],  controllers  [LoginController], codepre  pSo, how can I make sure I still get a reference to Home in the controller after removing from mainp  pThanks for your help, Coen p
Negative 110 pHy I just want to ask a simple question. If we have tables likep  ul liuserli ligroupli liand a cross table usergroup, because a user can be in more than one group and a group obiously can contain more than one userli ul  pand I want to get my friends then which query is fasterp  precodeSELECT DISTINCT UG1.userid            FROM usergroup AS UG1           WHERE UG1.groupid IN  SELECT UG2.groupid                                     FROM usergroup UG2                                    WHERE UG2.userid  87   SELECT DISTINCT UG1.userid            FROM usergroup UG1            JOIN usergroup UG2 ON UG1.groupid  UG2.groupid           WHERE UG2.userid  87 codepre  pIf the answer is database specific then on which database which method is fasterp
Negative 110 pI have a table that looks like thisp  precodeentityguid     name            value  189501          context         groups 189501          column          3 189509          context         profile 189509          column          3 189521          context         profile 189521          column          2 189551          context         groups 189551          column          1 189552          context         groups 189552          column          3 189554          context         groups 189554          column          2 189559          context         profile 189559          column          1 189591          context         profile 189591          column          3 codepre  pI want to update the rows where codename  columncode and codevalue  3code so that codevalue  2code. But I only want to update the rows where another row exists with the same codeentityguidcode and with codename  contextcode and codevalue  groupscode.p  pSo for example, if I were to select the rows I want to change, they would bep  precodeentityguid     name            value  189501          column          3 189552          column          3 codepre  pI have triedp  precodeSELECT  FROM      SELECT  FROM elggprivatesettings WHERE name  context AND value  groups  AS subquery WHERE name  column AND value  3 codepre  pBut that of course does not work because the table is not set up like that there are multiple rows for the same codeentityguidcode. By the way, this is a table in a database for elgg, the social network engine. I am not very good with MySQL and could not find an answer online.p
Negative 110 pI have a problem with iOS devices with my mobile web app using Kendos mobile framework. Here is the issuep  pCurrently, loading the web app from  the Safari browser is totally fine. Everything operates as expected.p  pWhen I add the homepage of my web app as an icon to the homescreen and load the web app from it, the initial page operates as expected. Its a login page. The user logs in, and upon validating credentials, is taken to a dashboard page.p  pIn the dashboard page, there are many local kendo listviews. When I click on a link to load one of these local listviews, the iOS device takes me out of the app and loads the browser app and takes me to my initial login page.p  pCan someone explain whats going on and if there is some resolution I can provide to the user Do I have to detect app mode from standalone mode Ive read other posts but nothing incorporated kendo mobile.p  pI am currently using JQuery v1.8.3 and Kendo v2012.3.1413. I am forcing Kendo to render the ios platform in my web app.p  pThank you very muchp
Negative 110 pI need this behavior, but would rather have a diminishing list rather than a growing one. Sequence order is important for this operation.p  precodefor item in mylist     if isitemmatureitem          Process him     else          Check again later         mylist.appenditem codepre  pbut I would rather have it more like this. Does this behave like I think Any better waysp  precodewhile mylist     item  list.pop0     if isitemmatureitem         Process     else         mylist.appenditem codepre
Negative 110 pIf anyone can help, it would be much appreciated.p  pThe problem is that I cant seem to refer to anything outside of the subqueryp  precodeSELECT  FROM currentcalls AS c LEFT JOIN custprices ON c.rateid  custprices.rateid LEFT JOIN SELECT  FROM costprices      WHERE costprices.ratetype  custprices.ratetype       AND costprices.providerid  c.providerid OR costprices.providerid0     ORDER BY costprices.providerid DESC LIMIT 1 AS new1 ON new1.ratetype  custprices.ratetype codepre  p3 Tablesp  precodecurrentcalls rateid, providerid custprices rateid, ratetype costprices ratetype,providerid codepre  pWe want ALL rows from currentcalls, and a single row from cust and cost prices. rateid has a unique row, so custprices is fine.p  pUnfortunately though, the costprice for a particular providerid may not exist in which case I want to use providerid0, or if it DOES exist, then I dont want the providerid0 results. Either way, I do not want multiple rows from costprice returned.p  pstrongSAMPLE DATAstrong pricinginformation represents multiple fields that I want to selectp  precodecurrentcalls rateid, providerid               345       2 custprices rateid, ratetype               345     123 costprices ratetype,providerid, pricinginformation               123       0           A               123       1           B               123       2           C               123       3           D codepre  pI want the result to bep  precoderateid,providerid,rateid,ratetype,ratetype,providerid,pricinginformation   345      2       345     123     123       2           C codepre  pAnd if the providerid doesnt exist, then the result should bep  precode  345      2       345     123     123       0           A codepre  pFor each row in the current calls table there should only be 1 instance of custprices which is easy because the ID is unique, but the trouble is getting only ONE instance of pricinginformation, relevent to the providerid and ratetypep
Negative 110 pOur company develop iOS program, which connect to bluetooth module and get some data. We cant use bluetooth 4.0, because we need to support iPhone 3g3gs. We need bleutooth device, but wont enroll to MFI program. Do you know exist MFI device, that allow us get data from him wihout enroll to MFIp  pUpd. We need detect button push device have 2 or 3 buttons and send command for button, device name, and current geolocation may be geolocation will be get from iPhone. After button push apps send recived data to server.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to design a addremove containers in C winforms. Im trying to achieve it by using listbox. Now, my listbox1 contains combobox, and other items. Ive 2 questions in this regardp  ol lipWhich control should I use in order to define the noncombo box items In other forms, selecting these controls would open an excel sheet. It would be a similar operation in this case, by filtering the data based on the values selected in combo box.pli lipHow do I create this listbox1 and listbox2 Also, the code Ive written so far for adding and removing items from one listbox to another, is correctpli ol  pHeres the overall code written so far.p  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.ComponentModel using System.Data using System.Drawing using System.Linq using System.Text using System.Windows.Forms  namespace WindowsFormsApplication1      public partial class DataFilter  Form              public DataFilter                      InitializeComponent                   private void button3Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      this.Controls.Clear             this.InitializeComponent                   private void indexerbtnClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      Indexer ins  new Indexer             ins.MdiParent  this.MdiParent             this.Hide             ins.ShowDialog                   private void MoveListBoxItemsListBox source, ListBox destination                      ListBox.SelectedObjectCollection sourceItems  source.SelectedItems             foreach var item in sourceItems                              destination.Items.Additem                          while source.SelectedItems.Count gt 0                              source.Items.Removesource.SelectedItems[0]                                private void button1Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      MoveListBoxItemslistBox1, listBox2                   private void button2Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      MoveListBoxItemslistBox2, listBox1               codepre  p........................................................................................... Please let me know your email address. I can send across the screenshot of the design which could explain the objective better.p
Negative 110 pI want to know all possible ways to trigger a button in jQuery, I tried this but its not working,p  precodeltbtA.ClientIDgt.triggerclick codepre  pstrongNotestrong its a ASP.Net button and what I want is to trigger button click so that it will trigger a codebehind click method of buttonA.p
Negative 110 pIm working on a register script, but im stuck. I have an oppertunity to the user pay or free memberships. And when they choose pay the pay column becomes visible but if i after that choose free i see both the free and the pay column. But i only want one column be seen not both at the same timep  pJavascriptp  precode            ltscript typetextjavascriptgt             function betalvalue                  if value  show  document.getElementByIdbetalversion.style.display  block                  else  document.getElementByIdbetalversion.style.display  none                       ltscriptgt          ltscript typetextjavascriptgt             function gratisvalue                  if value  show  document.getElementByIdgratisversion.style.display  block                  else  document.getElementByIdgratisversion.style.display  none                       ltscriptgt codepre  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv classFormGroupgt                 lth2 classdescriptiongtVad skulle du vilja halth2gt                 ltlabel classchoicegt                     ltinput idgratisVersion namefieldPayment typeradio valueGratis classrequired onclickgratisshowgt                     Gratis Versionltlabelgt                 ltbr gt                 ltlabel classchoicegt                     ltinput idbetalVersion namefieldPayment typeradio valueBetal classrequired onclickbetalshowgt                     Betal Versionltlabelgt                  ltbr gt             ltdivgt              ltdiv classFormGroup styledisplay none idbetalversiongt                 ltbr gt                 lth2 classdescriptiongtFyll i dina uppgifterlth2gt                 ltbrgt                 ltdiv classexplanationgtHr r ntltdivgt                 ltinput typetext namepaypaladdress idText1 size40gt             ltdivgt              ltdiv classFormGroup styledisplay none idgratisversiongt                 ltbr gt                 lth2 classdescriptiongtFyll i dina uppgifterlth2gt                 ltbrgt                 ltlabel fornamegtAnvndarnamnltlabelgtltinput typetext namename idnamegt         ltbr gt                 ltlabel forpassgtLsenordltlabelgtltinput typepassword namepass idpass onkeyuppasswordStrengththis.value gt                 ltbr gt                  ltpgt codepre
Negative 110 pIm in the process of developing a new website for a local club.p  pIve created the main webpage and have a fixed header, footer and side bar, the content is in a scrolling element. The page looks perfect on my MacBook and in various browsers. When I look at the page on my iPhone or iPad the page looks as it should until I zoom the page and then the fixed side bar is no longer fixed. p  pIf anyone has any clues as to what Im doing wrong Id be very grateful as this is driving me mad.p  pThe test page can be viewed at a hrefhttptawvelo.orgnewhome.html relnofollowhttptawvelo.orgnewhome.htmla.p  pIve attached a couple of photos which will hopefully show the issue.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comBkPz3.png altPhoto of how page should lookp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comlM5H1.png altPhoto of how page looks with iPhone  iPad zoomp
Negative 110 pYou create a browse button and let the user navigate the directory until he chooses a file.  And the whole path and file name appear in the text element of the Browse button complex.  So, how can I open that file to extract the data and act on itp  pHere is how far I got with thisp  precode    ltdiv idbrowseFile stylezindex 1 left1040px width400pxgt         ltinput idbrowse4File namestaticImportExample Portfolio 1.csv typefile accepttextplain maxlength200 styleleft20px width 200px gtltbrgt         ltspan stylepositionrelativetop72px left320px top73pxgt             ltltbutton typebutton onclickjavascriptimportFile stylefontsize16pxgtSaveltbuttongtgt             ltbutton typebutton onclickjavascriptudocument.getElementByIdbrowse4File.value alertu stylefontsize16pxgtSaveltbuttongt         ltspangt     ltdivgt codepre  pAnd the Alert does show the file name, but it does not show the path.  Security issue... no problem  But how can I open this file  Do I send it to the back end  I use Python on my server with cherrypy.  p  pOr can JavaScript extract the contents of the filep  pPlease help...p  pTIAp  pDKeanp
Negative 110 pI want to ignore certain characters in my phone input, so that the database just has digits. I know I can do this easy on server side using PHP but I am trying to understand js events a little better.. My question is thisp  pIf I have a basic inputp  precodevar phoneInput  document.getElementByIdphoneInput codepre  pI can add an event listener using onkeydown which works finep  precodephoneInput.onkeydown  functione   var c  String.fromCharCodee.keyCode   var patt  d   ifpatt.testc return false  codepre  pBut if I try doing the same thing using addEventListener, returning false seems to do nothingp  precodephoneInput.addEventListenerkeydown,functione   var c  String.fromCharCodee.keyCode   var patt  d   ifpatt.testc return false  codepre  pI just dont understand why. Thanks in advance for any light you can shine on the subject..p
Negative 110 precodewhileres  mysqlfetchobjecturesult    printrres   taskid  res  gt taskid   printrjson[taskinfo]   taskid  json[taskinfo][0]gttaskid   sqlg  SELECT grade FROM tgrades WHERE studentidstudentid AND taskid taskid   resg  mysqlquerysqlg    ifmysqlnumrowsresg gt 0      rowg  mysqlfetchobjectresg     resgtgrade  rowg[grade]      else      resgtgrade  none      printrres   json[taskinfo][]  res  echo jsonencodejson codepre  pI am getting this errorp  precodeFatal error Cannot use object of type stdClass as array like this. codepre  pThis works fine in localhost but returns an error on the server. What would cause thisp
Negative 110 pI am creating MVC web application in Spring Framework and I need to transform rows from Apache DBUtils resultset into JavaBeans that is composed from nested objects.p  pWith respect to a very few examples I found I created this RowProcessor implementation.p  precodepublic class MonthOrderCountHandler extends BasicRowProcessor       Override     public Object toBeanResultSet rs, Class type throws SQLException            Year         Year year  new Year         year.setYearNors.getIntyearNo         year.setYear4rs.getStringyear4         year.setYear2rs.getStringyear2           Quarter         Quarter quarter  new Quarter         quarter.setQuarterrs.getIntquarter           Month         Month m  new Month         m.setYearyear         m.setQuarterquarter         m.setMonthAbbreviationrs.getStringmonthAbbreviation         m.setMonthNamers.getStringmonthName         m.setMonthNors.getIntmonthNo           Final bean         MonthOrderCount result  new MonthOrderCount         result.setMonthm         result.setOrderCountrs.getIntorderCount          return result        codepre  pstrongQuestionstrong I would like to know know how to use this row processor in my DAO object and if this implementation is correctp  hr  pCommonly I transform rows into JavaBeans in this wayp  precodeResultSetHandlerltListltMonthOrderCountgtgt listUrlHandler  new BeanListHandlerltgtMonthOrderCount.class codepre  pBut in my situation first Ineed to create nested objects and then create a final JavaBean, so I assume I need custom row processor.p  hr  pStructure of my domain objects isp  pMonthOrderCount classp  precodepublic class MonthOrderCount          private Month month     private int orderCount  codepre  pMonth classp  precodepublic class Month      private Quarter quarter     private Year year     private int monthNo     private String monthName     private String monthAbbreviation  codepre  pQuarter classp  precodepublic class Quarter      private int quarter     private String abbreviation  codepre  pYear classp  precodepublic class Year      private int yearNo     private String year2     private String year4  codepre  pstrongEDITstrong I am asking because my result looks like this. orderCount variable is properly filled but month is null in all instances. Buw what is the most weird for me  toBean method is never called.p  blockquote   p20130310 170946 INFO  ChartDataService29    [MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount1863,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount2262,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount2531,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount2379,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount2106,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount1498,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount1300,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount1578,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount2385,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount2991,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount2219,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount1943,   MonthOrderCountmonthnull, orderCount264]p blockquote
Negative 110 pBusy debugging a strange issue relating to the way some Flash content communicates a users progress from a SCORM module back to Moodle.p  pOn IE 6, 7, 8, 9, Chrome and Firefox, everything works fine. On IE 10, progress tracking from the Flash module is not reaching the server.p  pIn the SCORM launcher, an event handler is created using the following ancient codep  precodeltSCRIPT LANGUAGEVBScriptgt on error resume next sub preloaderFSCommandByVal command, ByVal args   call preloaderDoFSCommandcommand, args end sub ltSCRIPTgt codepre  pDebugging on Chrome, I can see that the function is called as expected. p  pAttempting to debug in IE 10 fails, as the code is never called. How would I translate this code to Javascript Trying to remove the VBScript as it appears to be part of the problem. I tried the following code, without successp  precodeltscriptgt       function preloaderFSCommand command, args             preloaderDoFSCommandcommand, args        ltscriptgt codepre  pcodepreloaderDoFSCommandcode is defined elsewhere in code, and is called just fine on ChromeFirefoxetc, but not on IE 10.p  pstrongUpdatestrong Seems that part of the problem is related to IE 10 no longer supporting FSCommand in standards mode. Question now becomes, what would be a suitable workaround, which does not require the FlashSCORM content to changep
Negative 110 pIm trying to decode DNS packets in c, and, although it doesnt really matter, Im using strongSharpPcapstrong.  p  pEverything works well but it seems that the strongQRstrong and the strongRCODEstrong fields are returning wrong values.  Im comparing my results with the results from Wireshark.  p  pQR is always 1 Response even if the message is a request.  Another weird thing that happens is that return code is 0 when the message is a query and 1 when the message is a response.  p  pOne of the sites I used to find out the DNS header was a hrefhttptechnet.microsoft.comenuslibrarydd19747028vws.1029.aspx relnofollowthisa one.  Is there something Im missing here  The code Im using to decode the packet is data is a byte array which contains the payload datap  precodeTransactionID 16 bits This is correct Not sure why second byte has to be first but thats how wireshark displays it transactionID  new byte[]  data[1], data[0]    Flags 16 bits isResponse  Utilities.getBitdata[2], 0 always returns 1  What Im doing here is converting the boolean returned by getBit into a 1 or 0 which is used to create a string which will then be converted into a UInt16 If theres an easier way to do this please let me know OpCode  Convert.ToUInt16Convert.ToUInt16Utilities.getBitdata[2], 1.ToString           Convert.ToUInt16Utilities.getBitdata[2], 2.ToString           Convert.ToUInt16Utilities.getBitdata[2], 3.ToString           Convert.ToUInt16Utilities.getBitdata[2], 4.ToString, 2  These seem correct Untested though since wireshark doesnt display them authAnswer  Utilities.getBitdata[2], 5 truncation  Utilities.getBitdata[2], 6 recursionDesired  Utilities.getBitdata[2], 7  recursionAvail  Utilities.getBitdata[3], 0 skip 3 bits here reserved and set to 0...  ReturnCode returns 0 for queries and 1 for responses, this is pretty weird returnCode  Convert.ToUInt16Convert.ToUInt16Utilities.getBitdata[3], 4.ToString               Convert.ToUInt16Utilities.getBitdata[3], 5.ToString               Convert.ToUInt16Utilities.getBitdata[3], 6.ToString               Convert.ToUInt16Utilities.getBitdata[3], 7.ToString, 2  Questions count, Answers count, ARR count, Additional ARR 1 byte each These are correct questionsCount  Convert.ToUInt16data[4]  256  data[5] answersCount  Convert.ToUInt16data[6]  256  data[7] authorityRRs  Convert.ToUInt16data[8]  256  data[9] additionalRRs  Convert.ToUInt16data[10]  256  data[11] codepre  pThe getBit method is herep  precodepublic static bool getBitbyte b, int index      Logical AND with number to find if bit is 0 or 1     Shift by index to represent value in binary 2index     bool bit  b amp 1 ltlt index  0      return bit  codepre
Negative 110 pi am trying to separate the SMS thread so that i can easily get the most recent text message thread looks like this p  blockquote precodeSMSThread [id9ccf49ec18f8f2b46e9aadbf2d07d1c57f162bd5, title, dateSun Mar 17 161923 EDT 2013, contactidnameTaylornumber1phonenumberimageUrlhttpwww.google.comvoiceresources1366864992blueghost.jpg, readfalse, starredfalse, listSms[ codepre      pSMS [dateTimeSun Mar 17 161900 EDT 2013, fromidnameContactnumber1PhonenumberimageUrla hrefhttpwww.google.comvoiceresources1366864992blueghost.jpg relnofollowhttpwww.google.comvoiceresources1366864992blueghost.jpga, textsup], p blockquote  pthe way im doing it works but when someone texts me a comma or bracket it only separates certain parts... is there a better way to parse it less sloppilyp
Negative 110 pI finished an codec applicationcode and Iam able to codePublishcode it, the problem is that I want to test the codeupdatecode function local, one problem I cant just give in a codefolder pathcode, so I cant codeupdatecode from a folder on my local pc. I need to upload the application to a serverwebsite, is there a way to test if the update function is working local on my pc Or can anybody give me a link to an good tutorial for testing this localp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI am creating an MVC 4 web app written in C.  Among other functionality, one feature should allow a user to navigate to a page like thisp  precodepagecontrollersomespecificpagename codepre  pOr, alternately,p  precodepagecontroller12345 codepre  pThe contents of these pages are largely static html.  It rarely changes.  p  pIll be the only one adding new pages, and Im happy whether I do it in html or via a CMS.p  pWhat method of storing and handling this sort of content is suggestedp  pShould I store the html in the database and deliver it that way  I certainly want some pagespecific information in the database e.g. page categories, etc but putting a hunk of html in the database doesnt seem right to me.  Alternately I could create a database that has article names corresponding to static html documents that could be plucked out via ajax.  The styling will not take place on these pages, so I see no issues there.  Still, as articles build up that didnt feel 100 right either.  A third, rather silly idea, is a table called elements.  Each row would contain one or more elements and the code could, using a sort of template, place the elements where desired.p  pThe real trick is I want this to be able to scale well from a small project to a larger one as needed.p  pIm not using webkit.p  pHow do you suggest I go about this  Thanks very much.p  pEDIT I should say  none of these pages contain any forms or need much in the way of serverside might.p
Negative 110 pIm using IDS 11.70.p  pI want to be able to get the count of the number of columns in a temporary table so in 4glgenero code I can have a function that puts the right number of question marks into a put cursor statement.p  pFor example, want to replace this sort of codep  precode    declare putcurs1 cursor for     insert into mytemptable values,,,,, codepre  pWith something like thisp  precodelet str  insert into mytemptable values      formatplaceholderstringforinsert mytemptable  CLIPPED,  prepare putstment1 from str declare putcurs1 cursor for putstment1 codepre  pWe already do this for our regular tables, so if the table schema should be changed to have more or less columns then the code wont break with the wrong number of columns on inserts using put cursors. In this function for regular tables, to get the column count we usep  precode   select count     from systables, syscolumns     where systables.tabname  tablename     and systables.tabid  syscolumns.tabid codepre  pBut in trying to do it for temporary tables, I cant see what I join to or what column indicates how many columns are in the temporary table. This is what I have so farp  precodeselect  FROM sysmastersystabnames n, sysmastersystabinfo i, sysmastersyssessions s  WHERE sysmasterbitvali.tiflags, 0x0020  1  AND n.dbsname  databasename AND i.tipartnum  n.partnum  AND s.sid  dbinfosessionid AND n.tabname  tablename codepre  pSo instead of codeselect code  I need codeselect count columns code  but where do I join to so I can count the columns I poked around but cant find the join I need.p  pThanks,   Bryce Stenbergp
Negative 110 pI have an Eclipse project with some 50 different config files that currently reside directly under the src folder. I want to put them all in one folder, for example srcconfig so its less cluttered. p  pBut Eclipse doesnt seem to like it. Following advice from around here, I tried configuring the Build Path to include this folder, and the Run Configurations as well, but no luck. p  pWhat to do Leave them all in the src folder p
Negative 110 pThis is my Java code. p  precodeclass NativePrompt      private native String getInputString prompt  native method     static   static initializer code              System.loadLibraryNativePrompt            public static void mainString[] args              NativePrompt NP  new NativePrompt         String sName  NP.getInputEnter your name          System.out.printlnHello   sName       codepre  pIm using jdk1.7.017 .  This is my c codep  precodeinclude NativePrompt.h  include jni.h include string include iostream include vector  using namespace std    Class     NativePrompt   Method    getInput   Signature LjavalangStringLjavalangString   JNIEXPORT jstring JNICALL JavaNativePromptgetInput     JNIEnv env, jobject obj, jstring prompt      string sEntry     const char str     str  envgtGetStringUTFCharsprompt, NULL     if str  NULL          return envgtNewStringUTF          else     cout ltlt str         Frees native string resources         envgtReleaseStringUTFCharsprompt, str          reads nconsecutive words from the          keyboard and store them in string         getlinecin, sEntry          return envgtNewStringUTFsEntry.cstr       codepre  pI run this program using the below comments.p  blockquote   pjavac NativePrompt.javap      pjavah NativePromptp      pg o NativePrompt.so shared I usrlibjvmjdk1.7.017include I   usrlibjvmjdk1.7.017includelinux  NativePrompt.cpp p      pexport LDLIBRARYPATHhomeuserjniworkp      pjava NativePromptp blockquote  pNow Im getting the below error. I dont know how to resolve it .p  blockquote   pException in thread main java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError no   NativePrompt in java.library.path     at   java.lang.ClassLoader.loadLibraryClassLoader.java1860  at   java.lang.Runtime.loadLibrary0Runtime.java845  at   java.lang.System.loadLibrarySystem.java1084    at   NativePrompt.NativePrompt.java5p blockquote
Negative 110 pI need to measure performance of my code with maximum possible precision.  p  pCurrently Im usingbr  Stopwatch to measure timingbr  Set process affinity to use the same CPU core all timebr  Set thread priority to the maximumbr  Perform warmup run before measuringbr  Run test 1000 times and calculate average  p  pHowever, Im still having difference between benchmark runs about 1 max. Any ideas how to make this measurement more precisep
Negative 110 pI am just very curious to find out which would be the best practiceefficient way to do. I have a method where I have an OpenFileDialog. There I must use Path.GetFileNameopenFileDialog.FileName in 5 places inside the method. Which is the best way either I call to GetFileName or save it in a string variable and then use that string variablep  precode   Path.GetFileNameopenFileDialog.FileName      string fileName  Path.GetFileNameopenFileDialog.FileName    fileName    codepre
Negative 110 pI have the following executable. I compile it with gcc 4.7.2 g foo.cc stdc11.p  pAt run time, the exception regexerror is thrown.p  pWhat am I doing wrongp  precodeinclude ltregexgt  int mainint, char     stdregex red  codepre  pstrongUPDATEstrong The error code in the exception is errorescape. So I tried d. It doesnt fail at runtime, but I doesnt match againt 1, but it DOES match d. So this is clearly not what I wantp
Negative 110 pI am using WiX v3.7 There I have created my own Bootstrapper. Now, I am able to install .NET Framework 4  when it is not installed.p  precodeltutilRegistrySearch RootHKLM KeySOFTWAREMicrosoftNet Framework SetupNDPv4Full ValueVersion VariableNetfx4FullVersion gt ltutilRegistrySearch RootHKLM KeySOFTWAREMicrosoftNet Framework SetupNDPv4Full ValueVersion VariableNetfx4x64FullVersion Win64yes gt  ltPackageGroup IdNetfx4Fullgt   ltExePackage IdNetfx4Full Cacheno Compressedyes PerMachineyes Permanentyes Vitalyes               SourceFile....LibDotNetFX40dotNetFx40Fullx86x64.exe               DownloadUrlhttpgo.microsoft.comfwlinkLinkId164193               DetectConditionNetfx4FullVersion AND NOT VersionNT64 OR Netfx4x64FullVersion gt ltPackageGroupgt codepre  pNow, my application needs .NET Framework 4.0.2. How can I test and install this if it is not available with WiX On which way can I test this  and what does I have to do to install itp  pThanks for your help.p
Negative 110 pI have an app where I want to send both the recognized text as well as the sound it listens from. The problem is that I cant seem to get it to work. Seems like some after JellyBean issue. Both Google Now note to self and Google keep uses this, so it should work....p  pIn a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comreferenceandroidspeechRecognitionListener.html relnofollowrecognitionListenera  there is a method called onBufferReceived. The problem is that I cant get it.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 110 pI am encountering the following error when trying to execute a simple HQL query from Famille from the HQL Editor hibernate Tools in Eclipse Junop  precodeorg.hibernate.exception.SQLGrammarException You have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near .famille famille0 at line 1 codepre  phere is the detailed errorp  precodeorg.hibernate.exception.SQLGrammarException You have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near .famille famille0 at line 1 at org.hibernate.exception.internal.SQLStateConverter.convertSQLStateConverter.java100 at org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper.convertSqlExceptionHelper.java125 at org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper.convertSqlExceptionHelper.java110 at org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.internal.proxy.AbstractStatementProxyHandler.continueInvocationAbstractStatementProxyHandler.java129 at org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.internal.proxy.AbstractProxyHandler.invokeAbstractProxyHandler.java81 at Proxy29.executeQueryUnknown Source at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.getResultSetLoader.java1978 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doQueryLoader.java829 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doQueryAndInitializeNonLazyCollectionsLoader.java289 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doListLoader.java2463 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doListLoader.java2449 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.listIgnoreQueryCacheLoader.java2279 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.listLoader.java2274 at org.hibernate.loader.hql.QueryLoader.listQueryLoader.java470 at org.hibernate.hql.internal.ast.QueryTranslatorImpl.listQueryTranslatorImpl.java355 at org.hibernate.engine.query.spi.HQLQueryPlan.performListHQLQueryPlan.java196 at org.hibernate.internal.SessionImpl.listSessionImpl.java1115 at org.hibernate.internal.QueryImpl.listQueryImpl.java101 at org.jboss.tools.hibernate40.HQLQueryPage.getListHQLQueryPage.java58 at org.hibernate.eclipse.console.views.QueryPageViewerContentProviderImpl.getElementsQueryPageViewer.java120 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.StructuredViewer.getRawChildrenStructuredViewer.java1010 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.ColumnViewer.getRawChildrenColumnViewer.java703 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.AbstractTableViewer.getRawChildrenAbstractTableViewer.java1087 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.StructuredViewer.getFilteredChildrenStructuredViewer.java917 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.StructuredViewer.getSortedChildrenStructuredViewer.java1067 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.AbstractTableViewer.internalRefreshAllAbstractTableViewer.java701 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.AbstractTableViewer.internalRefreshAbstractTableViewer.java649 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.AbstractTableViewer.internalRefreshAbstractTableViewer.java636 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.AbstractTableViewer2.runAbstractTableViewer.java592 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.StructuredViewer.preservingSelectionStructuredViewer.java1443 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.StructuredViewer.preservingSelectionStructuredViewer.java1404 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.AbstractTableViewer.inputChangedAbstractTableViewer.java590 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.ContentViewer.setInputContentViewer.java280 at org.eclipse.jface.viewers.StructuredViewer.setInputStructuredViewer.java1690 at org.hibernate.eclipse.console.views.QueryPageViewer.createTableQueryPageViewer.java225 at org.hibernate.eclipse.console.views.QueryPageViewer.createControlQueryPageViewer.java203 at org.hibernate.eclipse.console.views.QueryPageViewer.ltinitgtQueryPageViewer.java160 at org.hibernate.eclipse.console.views.QueryPageTabView.rebuildQueryPageTabView.java109 at org.hibernate.eclipse.console.views.QueryPageTabView1.contentsChangedQueryPageTabView.java75 at org.hibernate.eclipse.console.views.QueryPageTabView1.intervalAddedQueryPageTabView.java85 at javax.swing.AbstractListModel.fireIntervalAddedUnknown Source at org.hibernate.console.QueryPageModel.addQueryPageModel.java67 at org.hibernate.console.KnownConfigurations1.queryPageCreatedKnownConfigurations.java88 at org.hibernate.console.ConsoleConfiguration.fireQueryPageCreatedConsoleConfiguration.java332 at org.hibernate.console.ConsoleConfiguration.executeHQLQueryConsoleConfiguration.java301 at org.hibernate.eclipse.hqleditor.HQLEditor.executeQueryHQLEditor.java447 at org.hibernate.eclipse.console.actions.ExecuteQueryAction.executeExecuteQueryAction.java88 at org.hibernate.eclipse.console.actions.ExecuteQueryAction.runExecuteQueryAction.java56 at org.eclipse.jface.action.Action.runWithEventAction.java498 at org.hibernate.eclipse.console.actions.ExecuteQueryAction.runWithEventExecuteQueryAction.java60 at org.eclipse.jface.action.ActionContributionItem.handleWidgetSelectionActionContributionItem.java584 at org.eclipse.jface.action.ActionContributionItem.access2ActionContributionItem.java501 at org.eclipse.jface.action.ActionContributionItem6.handleEventActionContributionItem.java452 at org.eclipse.swt.widgets.EventTable.sendEventEventTable.java84 at org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Widget.sendEventWidget.java1053 at org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Display.runDeferredEventsDisplay.java4169 at org.eclipse.swt.widgets.Display.readAndDispatchDisplay.java3758 at org.eclipse.e4.ui.internal.workbench.swt.PartRenderingEngine9.runPartRenderingEngine.java1053 at org.eclipse.core.databinding.observable.Realm.runWithDefaultRealm.java332 at org.eclipse.e4.ui.internal.workbench.swt.PartRenderingEngine.runPartRenderingEngine.java942 at org.eclipse.e4.ui.internal.workbench.E4Workbench.createAndRunUIE4Workbench.java86 at org.eclipse.ui.internal.Workbench5.runWorkbench.java588 at org.eclipse.core.databinding.observable.Realm.runWithDefaultRealm.java332 at org.eclipse.ui.internal.Workbench.createAndRunWorkbenchWorkbench.java543 at org.eclipse.ui.PlatformUI.createAndRunWorkbenchPlatformUI.java149 at org.eclipse.ui.internal.ide.application.IDEApplication.startIDEApplication.java124 at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppHandle.runEclipseAppHandle.java196 at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplicationEclipseAppLauncher.java110 at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.startEclipseAppLauncher.java79 at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.runEclipseStarter.java353 at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.runEclipseStarter.java180 at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeUnknown Source at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeUnknown Source at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeUnknown Source at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFrameworkMain.java629 at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRunMain.java584 at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.runMain.java1438 at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.mainMain.java1414  Caused by com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException You have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near .famille famille0 at line 1 at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0Native Method at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstanceUnknown Source at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstanceUnknown Source at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceUnknown Source at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstanceUtil.java411 at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.getInstanceUtil.java386 at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLExceptionSQLError.java1052 at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacketMysqlIO.java3597 at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacketMysqlIO.java3529 at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.sendCommandMysqlIO.java1990 at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.sqlQueryDirectMysqlIO.java2151 at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.execSQLConnectionImpl.java2625 at com.mysql.jdbc.PreparedStatement.executeInternalPreparedStatement.java2119 at com.mysql.jdbc.PreparedStatement.executeQueryPreparedStatement.java2281 at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeUnknown Source at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeUnknown Source at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeUnknown Source at org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.internal.proxy.AbstractStatementProxyHandler.continueInvocationAbstractStatementProxyHandler.java122 ... 75 more codepre  pstrongEDITstrongp  pFamille.hbm.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltDOCTYPE hibernatemapping PUBLIC HibernateHibernate Mapping DTD 3.0EN httpwww.hibernate.orgdtdhibernatemapping3.0.dtdgt lt Generated 25 mars 2013 115417 by Hibernate Tools 4.0.0 gt lthibernatemappinggt ltclass namebeans.Famille tablefamille catalogbdgt     ltid namefamilleId typejava.lang.Integergt         ltcolumn namefamilleID gt         ltgenerator classidentity gt     ltidgt     ltproperty namelibelle typestringgt         ltcolumn namelibelle notnulltrue uniquetrue gt     ltpropertygt     ltset namearticles tablearticle inversetrue lazytrue fetchselectgt         ltkeygt             ltcolumn namefamilleID gt         ltkeygt         ltonetomany classbeans.Article gt     ltsetgt ltclassgt lthibernatemappinggt codepre  pthe generated SQL queryp  precode0 beans.Famille  select   famille0.familleID as familleID103,   famille0.libelle as libelle103   from   bd.bd.famille famille0 codepre  pI am using Hibernate 4 with the MySQL 5 InnoDB dialect, p  pplease what I am missingp
Negative 110 pLets say that i have a 3 tablesp  ol lipstrongCarsstrongp  ul liIdli ulli lipstrongCarColorHistorystrongp  ul liIdli liCarIDli liColorIDli liModificationDateli ulli lipstrongColorstrongp  ul liIdli liColorNameli ulli ol  pI want to select all cars and their colors but the important thing is, that color for the car is the last modified color from codeCarColorHistorycode table.p  pI need to use join to do this.p  pExamplep  pCarsp  precode1 2 codepre  pCarColorhistoryp  precode1 1 1 26032012  gt actual color, can be take by date or id 2 1 2 25032012 3 2 2 25032012 codepre  pColorp  precode1 Blue 2 Red codepre  pI need to get result car id, colorNamep  precode1 Blue 2 Red codepre  pI tried make it by joining Cars table and CarColorHistory table but I get cars for all colors. I need only actual color last added.p  pPlease helpp
Negative 110 pI currently have two php files that have 20 or so of the same variables being set.  What is the best way to consolidate this to adhere to the DRY principle  Do I create a function in a third file Or a class  What is the best practice in this situation p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI have a Qt application which upon users request should stay above other windows. I achieved this by setting QtWindowStaysOnTopHint in the windowsFlags of my application.p  pBut whenever I open a systemmodal QDialog derived dialog like QFileDialog, this Dialog stays underneath my own application. I could now try to find all dialogs and construct them with QtWindowStaysOnTopHint, but p  ul lithis is tedious due to the large number of dialogs, li liprone to error, if I miss one, li liand for some dialogs, this does not work at all, e.g., QColorDialoggetColor does not offer a interface where I could pass a WindowFlag.li ul  pEnvironment is Mac OS X Lion, Qt 4.8.1.p
Negative 110 pIn my wordpress site, I am using social buttons gathered in a bar.p  pThese buttons are dynamically updated when the content is updated via  jqueryajax.p  precodefunction updatesocialstr              .ddouter.fadeOutslow                  UpdateLikeButtonstr         UpdateTweetButtonstr         UpdatePlus1Buttonstr              .ddouter.fadeInslow   codepre  pwhere the codestrcode parameter is the ID of the post. and codeddoutercode is the wrapper div of the floating bar. I am calling codeupdatesocialcode when I call the function responsible of dynamically loading post contents via AJAX.p  pEverything works like a charm, but the problem is that, sometimes the bar fades in before the social buttons are completely loaded. How can I make the total bar do not appear till all buttons are loaded p  pI thought codeFadeIncode and codeFadeOutcode are enough. Appreciated is your help.p  pstrongEditstrongp  precodefunction UpdateLikeButtonstr                      var elem  document.createElementfblike             elem.attrhref, httpwww.bag.comArabicArra2issiastr             elem.attrsend, false             elem.attrlayout, boxcount             elem.attrshowfaces, false             zzzz.empty.appendelem             FB.XFBML.parsezzzz.get0                      function UpdateTweetButtonstr                        var elem3  document.createElementa             elem3.attrclass, twittersharebutton             elem3.attrhref,httptwitter.comshare             elem3.attrdataurl,httpwww.bagh.comstr             elem3.attrdatacounturl,httpwww.bagh.comstr             elem3.attrdatacount, vertical             elem3.attrdatavia,              elem3.attrdatatext,str             elem3.attrdatalang,en             tweet.empty.appendelem3              .getScripthttpplatform.twitter.comwidgets.js,function             twttr.widgets.load                               function UpdatePlus1Buttonstr                      var elem4  document.createElementgplusone              elem4.attrhref,httpwww.bagh.comstr             elem4.attrsize, tall              plus1.empty.appendelem4              .getScripthttpsapis.google.comjsplusone.js             codepre  pOriginal buttons p  precode ltdiv idzzzz gtltfblike hrefltphp thepermalinkgt sendfalse showfacesfalse layoutboxcountgtltfblikegtltdivgt   ltdiv idplus1gtltgplusone sizetall hrefltphp thepermalinkgtgtltgplusonegtltdivgt  ltdiv idtweetgtlta hrefhttptwitter.comshare classtwittersharebutton dataurlltphp thepermalinkgt datacounturlltphp thepermalinkgt datacountvertical datavia datatextltphp theIDgt datalangengtltagtltdivgt codepre
Negative 110 pIm developing a program to receive and parse market data from a exchange. Whats the best way to test my program during the development The data was sent via a multicast socket, but I dont have access to the socket before the programs correctness and performance is fully tested.p  pThe test methods I came up so far 1. use the TCP recovery channel provided by the exchange not suggested by the exchange since its not for TEST 2. save some data in binary format, then set up a multicast test channel locally to simulate the actual environmentp  pAny better ideasp
Negative 110 pI am trying to get ImageField absolute path in djngo view so I can open the image, write on it something and then serve it to user.p  pI have problem getting absolute path for the image which is saved in media folder.p  precodeitem  getobjector404Item, pkpk absoluteurl  settings.MEDIAROOT  stritem.image.path codepre  pI get error, that item.image does not have path codeThe banner attribute has no file associated with it.code. item.image is ImageField and Id like to know how to get absolute path of the image saved in image field within django view.p  pThank youp  h2h2  pFigured it outp  pI just figured out what was the problem... absolute image path is saved in file variable.p  pExample in viewp  precodeitem  Item.objects.getpk1 print item.file  prints out full path of image saved in media folder codepre
Negative 110 pIm making a code which should print text on console and every letter should came with a little delay. Ive tried something like thisp  precodefrom time import sleep print H, sleep0.1, e, sleep0.1, l, sleep0.1, l, sleep0.1, o codepre  pbut it puts random None there. What should I do Help please   p
Negative 110 pSome tables in my database are updated from some background python scripts that are constantly running in the background doing data mining. Django had a hard time knowing the data was updated outside of Django and was always showing the old data. After some long research, most cache disabling methods online do not work for me, but this workaround works perfectly p  precodefrom django.db import connection connection.close codepre  pIts not a perfect solution still but it does work in Djangos views. If you know how to fix that, please comment here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions15821581djangohowtorefreshorreloadmodelsfromdatabaseDjango how to refresh or reload models from databasea. However, the data is also accessed by REST. In Tastypie, the resource is still not being updated.p  pThe JSON structure always returns the outdated timestamp and I can see the latest value in database is different. I already tried the following, didnt work.p  precodefrom tastypie.cache import NoCache cache  NoCache codepre  pThe only way to refresh it now is to restart the uwsgi service manually, which is obviously not a solution. This problem is driving me nuts. Any comment will be appreciated. Thank you.p  hr  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI have simplified the code and model to only contain the timestamp column. Here is the full code and logs.p  pstrongTastypies resources.pystrongp  precodefrom lp.models import LatestPrices from tastypie.resources import ModelResource from tastypie.serializers import Serializer from django.db import connection  class LpResourceModelResource     class Meta           forces Django to make a new connection, fixes OperationalError 2006, MySQL server has gone away after a long time with no access         connection.close           queryset  LatestPrices.objects.all          includeresourceuri  False         resourcename  lp         allowedmethods  [get]         excludes  [slug]         serializer  Serializerformats[json]         connection.close codepre  pstrongmodels.pystrongp  precodefrom django.db import models  class LatestPricesmodels.Model     id  models.AutoFieldprimarykeyTrue     slug  models.SlugFielduniqueTrue       timestamp is updated every 10 seconds     timestamp  models.DateTimeFieldnullTrue, blankTrue       Removed all other columns for debugging.       The data to show in admin     def unicodeself         return strself.timestamp      class Meta         dbtable  latestprices codepre  pstrongThe DB injector script outside of Djangostrongp  precodewhile True     try          Get date amp time         timestamp  datetime.now.strftimeYmd HMS         logger.info  timestamp           Inject to local database         logger.debugInjecting...         con  None         con  db.connectlocalhost, user, pw, tablename         con.autocommitTrue         cursor  con.cursorMySQLdb.cursors.DictCursor         updatequery  UPDATE latestprices SET sluglatest, timestamp  timestamp                                 WHERE id1         rowsaffected  cursor.executeupdatequery         con.commit         if rowsaffected  1             logger.criticalCouldnt inject Rows affected   strrowsaffected             cursor.close             time.sleepWAITTIME             continue          cursor.close      except Exception as e          Code removed. Email admin the error string...         pass     finally             pass      time.sleepWAITTIME codepre  pstrongmysql.logstrongp  precode          124 Query UPDATE latestprices SET sluglatest, timestamp20130404 183816 WHERE id1           124 Query commit 130404 183826   125 Connect   devlocalhost on gs           125 Query set autocommit0           125 Query set autocommit1           124 Quit             125 Query UPDATE latestprices SET sluglatest, timestamp20130404 183826 WHERE id1           125 Query commit 130404 183836   126 Connect   devlocalhost on gs           126 Query set autocommit0           126 Query set autocommit1           125 Quit             126 Query UPDATE latestprices SET sluglatest, timestamp20130404 183836 WHERE id1           126 Query commit 130404 183846   127 Connect   devlocalhost on gs           127 Query set autocommit0           127 Query set autocommit1           126 Quit             127 Query UPDATE latestprices SET sluglatest, timestamp20130404 183846 WHERE id1           127 Query commit   Click the browser refresh button one time here 130404 183853    73 Query SELECT latestprices.id, latestprices.slug, latestprices.timestamp FROM latestprices WHERE latestprices.id  1  AND latestprices.id  1   130404 183856   128 Connect   devlocalhost on gs           128 Query set autocommit0           128 Query set autocommit1           127 Quit             128 Query UPDATE latestprices SET sluglatest, timestamp20130404 183856 WHERE id1           128 Query commit   Click the browser refresh button a few times here 130404 183858    70 Query SELECT latestprices.id, latestprices.slug, latestprices.timestamp FROM latestprices WHERE latestprices.id  1  AND latestprices.id  1  130404 183902    70 Query SELECT latestprices.id, latestprices.slug, latestprices.timestamp FROM latestprices WHERE latestprices.id  1  AND latestprices.id  1  130404 183904    73 Query SELECT latestprices.id, latestprices.slug, latestprices.timestamp FROM latestprices WHERE latestprices.id  1  AND latestprices.id  1   130404 183906   129 Connect   devlocalhost on gs           129 Query set autocommit0           129 Query set autocommit1           128 Quit             129 Query UPDATE latestprices SET sluglatest, timestamp20130404 183906 WHERE id1           129 Query commit 130404 183916   130 Connect   devlocalhost on gs           130 Query set autocommit0           130 Query set autocommit1           130 Query UPDATE latestprices SET sluglatest, timestamp20130404 183916 WHERE id1           129 Quit             130 Query commit codepre  pstrongBrowser output always the same thingstrongp  precodeid 1, timestamp 20130404T182945 codepre  pstrongHTTP headerstrongp  precodeCacheControl nocache Connection keepalive ContentType applicationjson Date Fri, 05 Apr 2013 002748 GMT Server nginx TransferEncoding  TransferEncoding The form of encoding used to safely transfer the entity to the user. Currently defined methods are chunked, compress, deflate, gzip, identity.  chunked Vary Accept codepre  pI also added an explicit commit in the injector script. It didnt make much different it says commit in mysql.log, together with the existing set autocommit1 that I was using.p  pNow that Im looking at the mysql.log, I see that everytime I hit the browsers refresh button, I do see a new SELECT statement sent by Django. But the objects are still old. That I cant figure, whyp
Negative 110 pI need the browser to display a time in milliseconds sent from the server, in the users local timezone amp dst. p  pI noticed that when I ask the browser to show the current time now then the Timezone and DST are right.  However, when I set a date and ask the browser to show the set time then the Timezone is right but the DST is wrong.  p  pHere is actual codep  precodex  new Date13570128001000 console.logJavascript mydatex now  new Date console.logJavsscript nownow codepre  pAnd the output from Chromep  precodeJavascript mydateMon Dec 31 2012 230000 GMT0500 Eastern Standard Time  Javsscript nowFri Apr 05 2013 110441 GMT0400 Eastern Daylight Time codepre  pCan someone tell me how to make the browser display the date respecting the users DST  Why is it printing mydate in EST yet its now time in EDTp
Negative 110 peveryone. I would like to simulate a user system like Youtubes. For example, if you type youtube.com it will take you to their profile. I have a similar thing running currently. If you go to example.comuser the modrewrite will change the url to example.comuserchannel. This works correctly, but I dont want the visual of the URL changed. Is there any way I can still pass the username to PHP while having human readible URLS Heres a current example of my .htaccess filep  precodeRewriteEngine On RewriteBase user RewriteRule . channel1 [R] codepre
Negative 110 pSo I have downloaded the mp4 and srt files for Introduction to computer networks course from Coursera. But there is slight discrepancy between the names of mp4 and srt files.p  pThe file name samples are followingp  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecode1  1  11 Goals and Motivation 1253.mp4 1  1  11 Goals and Motivation 1253.srt 1  2  12 Uses of Networks 1316.mp4 1  2  12 Uses of Networks 1316.srt 1  3  13 Network Components 1330.mp4 1  3  13 Network Components 1330.srt 1  4  14 Sockets 1407.mp4 1  4  14 Sockets 1407.srt 1  5  15 Traceroute 0736.mp4 1  5  15 Traceroute 0736.srt 1  6  16 Protocol Layers 2225.mp4 1  6  16 Protocol Layers 2225.srt 1  7  17 Reference Models 1409.mp4 1  7  17 Reference Models 1409.srt 1  8  18 Internet History 1239.mp4 1  8  18 Internet History 1239.srt 1  9  19 Lecture Outline 0407.mp4 1  9  19 Lecture Outline 0407.srt 2  1  21 Physical Layer Overview 0927.mp4 2  1  21 Physical Layer Overview 0927.srt 2  2  22 Media 856.mp4 2  2  22 Media 856.srt 2  3  23 Signals 1758.mp4 2  3  23 Signals 1758.srt 2  4  24 Modulation 1100.mp4 2  4  24 Modulation 1100.srt 2  5  25 Limits 1243.mp4 2  5  25 Limits 1243.srt 2  6  26 Link Layer Overview 0414.mp4 2  6  26 Link Layer Overview 0414.srt 2  7  27 Framing 1126.mp4 2  7  27 Framing 1126.srt 2  8  28 Error Overview 1745.mp4 2  8  28 Error Overview 1745.srt 2  9  29 Error Detection 2317.mp4 2  9  29 Error Detection 2317.srt 2  10  210 Error Correction 1928.mp4 2  10  210 Error Correction 1928.srt codepre  pI want to strongrename the mp4 filesstrong to match srt files so that vlc can automatically load the subtitles when I play the videos. What someone discuss be algorithms to do this You can also provide solution code in any language as I am familiar with many programming languages. But python and c are preferable.p  pstrongEditstrong Thanks to everyone who replied. I know it is easier to rename the srt files than the other way around. But I think it will be more interesting to rename the mp4 files. Any suggestionsp
Negative 110 pI am creating an MSBuild file to combine some tasks of the things I need to do on my build server into one step. Part of this process requires running code analysis. My problem is that I have running code analysis for multiple top level projects but they each have the same dependencies on other projects like our Utility Library. This means that each run of code analysis duplicates a code analysis run of the Utility Library. Here is my MSBuild filep  precodeltProject xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comdevelopermsbuild2003 DefaultTargetsBuild ToolsVersion4.0gt     ltPropertyGroupgt         ltConfiguration Condition Configuration   gtDevltConfigurationgt         ltPlatform Condition Platform   gtAnyCPUltPlatformgt         ltRunCodeAnalysisgttrueltRunCodeAnalysisgt         ltCodeAnalysisTargetsgtCProgram Files x86MSBuildMicrosoftVisualStudiov11.0CodeAnalysisMicrosoft.CodeAnalysis.targetsltCodeAnalysisTargetsgt         ltCodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrorsgttrueltCodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrorsgt         ltStyleCopTreatErrorsAsWarningsgtfalseltStyleCopTreatErrorsAsWarningsgt         ltDefineConstantsgtTRACEDEBUGCODEANALYSISltDefineConstantsgt         ltBuildInParallelgttrueltBuildInParallelgt         ltWebProjectTargetsgtCleanBuildPackageltWebProjectTargetsgt         ltOtherProjectTargetsgtCleanBuildltOtherProjectTargetsgt         ltGenerateSerializationAssembliesgtOffltGenerateSerializationAssembliesgt     ltPropertyGroupgt      ltTarget NameBuildgt         lt Web Projects gt         ltMSBuild             ProjectsMSBuildProjectDirectorySourceWebProjectsWebApp1WebApp1.csproj             Properties                 ConfigurationConfiguration                 PackageLocationMSBuildProjectDirectoryPackagesWebApp1.zip                 RunCodeAnalysisRunCodeAnalysis                 CodeAnalysisTargetsCodeAnalysisTargets                 CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrorsCodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors                 StyleCopTreatErrorsAsWarningsStyleCopTreatErrorsAsWarnings                 DefineConstantsDefineConstants                 BuildInParallelBuildInParallel                 GenerateSerializationAssembliesGenerateSerializationAssemblies                              TargetsWebProjectTargets gt         ltMSBuild             ProjectsMSBuildProjectDirectorySourceWebProjectsWebApp2WebApp2.csproj             Properties                 ConfigurationConfiguration                 PackageLocationMSBuildProjectDirectoryPackagesWebApp2.zip                 RunCodeAnalysisRunCodeAnalysis                 CodeAnalysisTargetsCodeAnalysisTargets                 CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrorsCodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors                 StyleCopTreatErrorsAsWarningsStyleCopTreatErrorsAsWarnings                 DefineConstantsDefineConstants                 BuildInParallelBuildInParallel                 GenerateSerializationAssembliesGenerateSerializationAssemblies                              TargetsWebProjectTargets gt         ltMSBuild             ProjectsMSBuildProjectDirectorySourceWebProjectsAdministratorAdministrator.csproj             Properties                 ConfigurationConfiguration                 PackageLocationMSBuildProjectDirectoryPackagesAdministrator.zip                 RunCodeAnalysisRunCodeAnalysis                 CodeAnalysisTargetsCodeAnalysisTargets                 CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrorsCodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors                 StyleCopTreatErrorsAsWarningsStyleCopTreatErrorsAsWarnings                 DefineConstantsDefineConstants                 BuildInParallelBuildInParallel                 GenerateSerializationAssembliesGenerateSerializationAssemblies                              TargetsWebProjectTargets gt         ltMSBuild             ProjectsMSBuildProjectDirectorySourceOtherProjectsServiceService.csproj             Properties                 ConfigurationConfiguration                 RunCodeAnalysisRunCodeAnalysis                 CodeAnalysisTargetsCodeAnalysisTargets                 CodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrorsCodeAnalysisTreatWarningsAsErrors                 StyleCopTreatErrorsAsWarningsStyleCopTreatErrorsAsWarnings                 DefineConstantsDefineConstants                 BuildInParallelBuildInParallel                 GenerateSerializationAssembliesGenerateSerializationAssemblies                              TargetsOtherProjectTargets gt     ltTargetgt ltProjectgt codepre  pAny idea as to how to prevent code analysis from running on the same assembly more than once in this situationp
Negative 110 pI need a class in wicket 1.4 that work like a Servlet but that needs access to the wickets Session. I can use a normal WebPage but Id prefer something more appropriate.p
Negative 110 pI have two stack panel, containing each, one datagrid.p  pI set the itemsSource of my datagrid when the source are loaded.p  pMy panels are collapsed in the beginning, and then, must appears when I checked one RadioButton.p  pHere is the xaml of stackpanel  p  precode                            ltStackPanel NamespListeList                                         Grid.Row0                                         Grid.Column2                                         OrientationHorizontal                                         VisibilityCollapsedgt                                 ltsdkDataGrid NamedgListList                                                VerticalAlignmentTop                                               HorizontalAlignmentLeft                                               AutoGenerateColumnsFalse                                                  AlternatingRowBackgroundOrange                                                IsReadOnlyTruegt                                     ltsdkDataGrid.Columnsgt                                         ltsdkDataGridTextColumn BindingBinding IdList, ModeTwoWay                                                          VisibilityCollapsed                                                         Width10gt                                         ltsdkDataGridTextColumn Header                                                          Width85                                                         BindingBinding LibList, ModeTwoWaygt                                     ltsdkDataGrid.Columnsgt                                 ltsdkDataGridgt                             ltStackPanelgt                             ltStackPanel NamespListeJury                                         Grid.Row0                                         Grid.Column3                                         OrientationHorizontal                                         VisibilityCollapsedgt                                 ltsdkDataGrid NamedgListeJury                                                VerticalAlignmentTop                                               HorizontalAlignmentLeft                                               AutoGenerateColumnsFalse                                                  AlternatingRowBackgroundOrange                                                IsReadOnlyTruegt                                     ltsdkDataGrid.Columnsgt                                         ltsdkDataGridTextColumn BindingBinding IdJury, ModeTwoWay                                                          VisibilityCollapsed                                                         Width10gt                                         ltsdkDataGridTextColumn Header                                                          Width85                                                         BindingBinding LibJury, ModeTwoWay gt                                     ltsdkDataGrid.Columnsgt                                 ltsdkDataGridgt                              ltStackPanelgt codepre  pI got 10 radioButton, and 2 handlersimilar except for names for them.p  precodevoid rbListeListCheckedobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e      try              if templateColumnListeList  null                      templateColumnListeList  new DataGridTemplateColumn                   dgListeList.Columns.RemovetemplateColumnListeList         templateColumnListeList.Header  Select     templateColumnListeList.CellTemplate  DataTemplateResources[ItemTemplateSelect]     dgListeList.Columns.AddtemplateColumnListeList     templateColumnListeList.DisplayIndex  0     spListeList.Visibility  Visibility.Visible     spListeJury.Visibility  Visibility.Collapsed  catch Exception ex      throw new Exceptionex.Message  codepre  pp  pWhen I comment the lines changing the visibility, nothing goes wrong. But when its not, I got a ArgumentOutOfBound Exceptionp  pAnd when the two panels are visible on the beginning, they appears well, without bug. And the template colums appears too when I click on a radioButton and goes into the handler...p  pI tried another one   when i star with both visible, application running well, and panels appears and desappears the way I want... So its seems, there is a problem when I star with both collapsed.p  pCant I change visibility on panels, containing Source when application is runningp  pThank you.p
Negative 110 pI am getting compiler error while compiling my old codekernelcode module which is using netlink functions. p  precodeint initmodule       Initialize the Netlink kernel interface      nlsk  netlinkkernelcreateampinitnet, 17, 0, recvcmd, NULL, THISMODULE     ifnlsk                  printkKERNINFO failed to initialize system error 1001n             return ENOMEM       .... codepre  pPreviously it works fine but now I am getting this error.p  precodeerror too many arguments to function netlinkkernelcreate codepre  pOS Informationp  precodeuname a  Linux ibrarahmed 3.8.017generic 27Ubuntu SMP Sun Apr 7 193935 UTC 2013 x8664  x8664 x8664 GNULinux codepre
Negative 110 pI am getting this error on runtime Expression List iterator not dereferencable.  below is the code I am using.p  pheader filep  precode    Name   FletcherTargetingSystem.h    Author Alan Fletcher 20040797    Desc   class to select a target from the opponents currently in a bots           perceptive memory.  include 2dVector2D.h include ltlistgt include ....AbstTargetingSystem.h   class AbstRavenBot  class FletcherTargetingSystem  public AbstTargetingSystem   public     FletcherTargetingSystemAbstRavenBot owner      each time this method is called the opponents in the owners sensory      memory are examined and the closest  is assigned to mpCurrentTarget.     if there are no opponents that have had their memory records updated     within the memory span of the owner then the current target is set     to null      void       Update     void         closestBotStrategy      void      setCurrentTargetAbstRavenBot t     AbstRavenBot getCurrentTarget      void      setCurrentOwnerAbstRavenBot t     AbstRavenBot getCurrentOwner   class FletchergetClosestBotStrategy   public     FletchergetClosestBotStrategy          FletchergetClosestBotStrategyAbstRavenBot owner      each time this method is called the opponents in the owners sensory      memory are examined and the closest  is assigned to mpCurrentTarget.     if there are no opponents that have had their memory records updated     within the memory span of the owner then the current target is set     to null     void      pickTargetAbstRavenBotamp owner   endif codepre  pc filep  precodeinclude FletcherTargetingSystem.h include ....AbstRavenBot.h include ....RavenSensoryMemory.h include ....DebugDebugConsole.h    ctor   FletcherTargetingSystemFletcherTargetingSystemAbstRavenBot owner AbstTargetingSystemowner     ctor   FletchergetClosestBotStrategyFletchergetClosestBotStrategyAbstRavenBot owner   stdlistltAbstRavenBotgt SensedBots stdlistltAbstRavenBotgtconstiterator curBot  Update     closestPlayer    void FletchergetClosestBotStrategypickTargetAbstRavenBotamp owner       double ClosestDistSoFar  MaxDouble      FletcherTargetingSystem fTS  new FletcherTargetingSystemampowner       for curBot curBot  SensedBots.end curBot              make sure the bot is alive and that it is not the owner         if curBotgtisAlive ampamp curBot  fTSgtgetCurrentOwner                       double dist  Vec2DDistanceSqcurBotgtPos, fTSgtgetCurrentOwnergtPos             if dist lt ClosestDistSoFar                              ClosestDistSoFar  dist                 fTSgtsetCurrentTargetcurBot  curBot                                 return fTS   void FletcherTargetingSystemUpdate       currentStrategy  targetClosestBotStrategy      target  currentStrategy.pickTarget     stdlistltAbstRavenBotgt SensedBots     SensedBots  getCurrentOwnergtGetSensoryMemgtGetListOfRecentlySensedOpponents     curBot  SensedBots.begin     stdlistltAbstRavenBotgtconstiterator curBot  SensedBots.begin     setCurrentTarget0        0      FletchergetClosestBotStrategy fGCBS  new FletchergetClosestBotStrategythisgtgetCurrentOwner     fGCBSgtpickTargetcurBot   AbstRavenBot FletcherTargetingSystemgetCurrentOwner     return mpOwner  AbstRavenBot FletcherTargetingSystemgetCurrentTarget     return mpCurrentTarget   void FletcherTargetingSystemsetCurrentTargetAbstRavenBot t     mpCurrentTarget  t  void FletcherTargetingSystemsetCurrentOwnerAbstRavenBot t     mpOwner  mpOwner  codepre  pany help in telling me how to fix this would be appreciated Thanking Youp  pAlso what does the error mean exactly and howwhen does it occurp
Negative 110 pMy App Engine instance suddenly started playing funny once I upgraded the SDK and reran generation of the endpoints. createUploadUrl is returning a URL in the format p  pstronghttps[version].myapp.appspot.comstrongp  pIt mentions this in the documentation p  blockquote   pPlease note that in April of 2013, Google will stop issuing SSL certificates for doublewildcard domains hosted at appspot.com i.e. em.em.appspot.com. If you rely on such URLs for HTTPS access to your application, please change any application logic to use dot instead of .. For example, to access version 1 of application myapp use codehttps1dotmyapp.appspot.comcode instead of codehttps1.myapp.appspot.comcode. If you continue to use codehttps1.myapp.appspot.comcode the certificate will not match, which will result in an error for any UserAgent that expects the URL and certificate to match exactly.p blockquote  pDo I need to change anything on my side I thought this change would happen automatically.p  pIve tried changing the URL in code, which causes it to POST but then the uploadhandler Servlet is never called. If I attempt to POST to it without a change then Android throws a Hostname was not verified error.p
Negative 110 pMy question is br How to add a JPanel to a BorderLayout in the South  East br This is my group of buttonsp  precodebuttonsPanel  new JPanel buttonsPanel.setLayoutnew GridBagLayout buttonsPanel.addcancel buttonsPanel.addprevious buttonsPanel.addnext codepre  pAnd the cancel, previous and next buttons are JButtonss, and buttonsPanel is a JPanel. brDeclarationsp  precodeJPanel buttonsPanel JButton cancel JButton previous JButton next codepre  pAnd my JFrame brcodeJFrame mainWindowcode  the declaration. brThe rest of codep  precodemainWindow.setJMenuBarmenubar mainWindow.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE mainWindow.getContentPane.setLayoutnew BorderLayout mainWindow.setSizenew DimensionscreenW  3  200, screenH  200 mainWindow.setMinimumSizenew DimensionscreenW  4, screenH  500 mainWindow.getContentPane.addBorderLayout.EAST, BorderLayout.SOUTH, buttonsPanel int w  mainWindow.getWidth int h  mainWindow.getHeight x  screenW  w2 y  screenH  h2 mainWindow.setLocationx, y mainWindow.setVisibletrue codepre  pSo what can I do to move the buttonsPanel in the South  East of the main window Please help me.p  pThanks in advance, Mateiarup
Negative 110 pI am trying to update the content of a div with a code.getcode call but it is failing in codeie9.codep  pthe codejscode is thisp  precodefunction UpdateElementOfParentboxid, pageref, templateref   .getgetcontent.php,  boxid boxid, pageref pageref, templatereftemplateref     .donefunctiondata                             boxid.htmldata                         codepre  pand the codegetcontent.phpcode is thisp  precode  ltphp    includeconnect.php  pageref  GET[pageref]   templateref  GET[templateref] boxid  GET[boxid]   sql  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM sitecontent WHERE pagerefpageref AND templatereftemplateref AND boxidboxid AND boxtypetext whilerowmysqlfetcharraysql                echo stripslashesrow[content]             gt  codepre  pit works fine in codefirefoxchromesafari and opera.codep  pthe php updates the db but the codediv boxidcode doesnt update in codeiecode only have codeie9code at hand so dont know if its just 9 or other versions alsop  pany clues p  pQUICK UPDATEp  pit seems that ie is holding some data from a previous .get call in the cache. Basically I have a div on the screen and when the user clicks a button, a layer opens with a textarea that is editable with nicedit.  The textarea is populated with a .get, then the user clicks save, the layer is hidden and the original div on the parent page is updated with the same .get call.p  pIn ie, if I change the content, the db is updated but the div is not and when I open the layer, it still shows the old data. p  pthe first .get call is thisp  precode.getgetcontent.php,  boxid boxid, pageref pageref, templatereftemplateref     .donefunctiondata                 document.getElementByIdeditcontent.valuedata        area1  new nicEditorfullPanel  true.panelInstanceeditcontent,hasPanel  true                        codepre  pthe alerted data doesnt show the updated text in IE so its definately something to do with the .get callp
Negative 110 pGood day.p  pIm trying to add Google Places Autocomplete on dynamically created inputs using code belowp    pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltscript srchttpsmaps.googleapis.commapsapijssensorfalseamplibrariesplacesgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt var autoComplCounter  0  function assignAutoComplid      var autocomplete  new google.maps.places.Autocompletedocument.getElementByIdid     autocomplete.setTypes[geocode]     google.maps.event.addListenerautocomplete, placechanged, function              processing code        function CreateElem      var id  AutoCompl  autoComplCounter     autoComplCounter      var container  document.getElementByIdAutoComplInputs     container.innerHTML  ltbrgt  id      var elemforupd  document.createElementinput     elemforupd.type  text     elemforupd.id  id     container.appendChildelemforupd      assignAutoComplid  ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltdiv idAutoComplInputsgtltdivgt     ltinput typebutton valueAdd onclickCreateElemgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pBut when I press on button, autocomplete works only on last input, and all prevoius become broken. I think that it can be connected to dynamic creation of inputs, as the code below works finep  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltscript srchttpsmaps.googleapis.commapsapijssensorfalseamplibrariesplacesgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt var autoComplCounter  0  function assignAutoComplid      document.getElementByIdid.hidden  false     var autocomplete  new google.maps.places.Autocompletedocument.getElementByIdid     autocomplete.setTypes[geocode]     google.maps.event.addListenerautocomplete, placechanged, function              processing code        function CreateElem      assignAutoComplAutoCompl0     assignAutoComplAutoCompl1  ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltdiv idAutoComplInputsgt         ltinput idAutoCompl0 typetext hiddengt         ltinput idAutoCompl1 typetext hiddengt     ltdivgt     ltinput typebutton valueAdd onclickCreateElemgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pI dont understand what Im doing wrong ...p
Negative 110 pFirstly, I am sorry for the repeat question about ScreeenSaver on Android. I downloaded on Google Play Store some application about ScreenSaver such as Photo Album Free ScreenSaver, Smoke Free Screensaver, Beach Free Screensaver. I see that all this application have a same format follow this below imagep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4SdZk.png altenter image description herep  pCurrently, I want to make a application like as that applications I mentioned above. When android is sleep mode  Lock Screen, i want to show gallery image and when touch anywhere on screen, it come back to lock screen generally.p  pI searched but no useful result to me and I really need a reference source code.p  pCan anyone suggest me how to do it  Thanks you.p
Negative 110 pIn the following code, I need all the properties available in codeChildcode class i.e. codefoo, barcode. I am not interested in all other properties added by groovy.p  precodeclass Parent def foo class Child extends Parent def bar codepre  pSo far none of these gets the resultp  precodeprintln Child.fields println Child.properties.eachk,vgtprintln k gt v println Child.declaredFields.findAll  it.synthetic .collect it.name println Child.methods.findAll it.name.startsWithget.collect it.name codepre  pI am trying to find out some direct method which would give me this.p
Negative 110 pI have created a list of dictionaries where each dictionary has a value in the form of list as represented below  p  precodedictlist[a[e,f,g],b[h,i,k],c[u,v,w],a[t,u]] codepre  pThe above example contains two dictionaries in the list p  precodeone is a[e,f,g],b[h,i,k],c[u,v,w]  and another dictionary is a[t,u] codepre  pAll i want is to combine the elements of this list so as to produce one complete dictionary with same keys and values in list, as follows  p  precodefinaldictionary  a[e,f,g,t,u],b[h,i,k],c[u,v,w] codepre
Negative 110 pMy app written using MvvmCross and with MVVM pattern in mind needs to display popup windows where user can choose of confirm certain options. So basically its a classic modal dialog, but since the apps view model is implemented in a portable class library, it needs to tackle modality in a generalized sense  some platforms simply dont have exact match for a modal dialog.p  pThere are a few threads discussing dialogs in MVVM a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1805778opendialoginwpfmvvmOpen dialog in WPF MVVMa, a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1667888wpfmvvmdialogexampleWPF MVVM dialog examplea. Following their advices I could probably solve this by introducing DialogService and implementing it for each platform. However I will be treating then dialogs like other services  storage service, map service etc.. But a dialog is a part of the presentation concept, so I wonder if it can be treated more like a view, so instead of calling an instance of an obscure IDialogService I could navigate to it using an MVVM framework of my choice MvvmCross in my case.p  pI checked MvvmCross implementation and samples but found almost no dialogrelated stuff.p
Negative 110 pI have UIImageView with frame size is 200  200. I would like to take a picture from camera or library which will fit to that frame. p  pDo you have any example to do it, like Instagram, Pose app.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIs it possible to hide the ProgressChanged event in a backgroundworker classp  pI have created a class that inherits codeSystem.ComponentModel.BackgroundWorkercode and I need to have multiple events My class processes a list of objects and I need for example to have events before and after an object is processed. I fire those events from the Backgroundworkers ProgressChanged event, because it is thread safe. The method in my class that is called when I invoke codeReportProgresscode then uses the parameter to determine which event to fire. That works.p  pNow I want to make sure, that the class strongcallingstrong my Backgroundworker is strongnotstrong allowed to subscribe to the codeProgressChangedcode event directly. Instead it should only be possible to subscribe to the additional events that I provide.p
Negative 110 pI am switching a repository layer from linq to dapper.  In linq, I can use the SqlMetal.exe tool to generate the database entities and relationships.  Is there a tool or utility that will generate POCO entities for dapper p
Negative 110 pThisp  precodeltlink idprintstyle hrefoldprintstyle.css relstylesheet typetextcss mediaprint gt  printStyle2.clickfunction       printstyle.attrhref, printStyle2     window.print     return false  codepre  pkind of works. I say kind of, as the actual print style is only applied after I click the button with the id printStyle2 a second time. What could be the reason for this behavior Some kind of caching of the old print stylep
Negative 110 pIm working with lxml python lib.p  pAssuming we have product xml such asp  precodeltproduct id123 gt codepre  pAnd want to apply xsl templatep  precodeltxsltemplate matchproductgt     ltssiinclude virtualssireviewsidgt ltxsltemplategt codepre  pssiinclude is a simple lxml extension that inserts nginx ssi instructions as comments in HTML code. Problem is to evaluate id and pass attribute as virtualssiinclude123. Is there a way Ive found a solution and using it by nowp  precodeimport lxml.etree import re from copy import deepcopy  ns  ssi   ssi extensions class SsiExtElementlxml.etree.XSLTExtension     def executeself, context, selfnode, inputnode, outputparent         , tag  selfnode.tag.split         tmp  lxml.etree.Elementtmp         for k, v in selfnode.attrib.items             if re.search., v here we search xpath values to evaluate                 elem  deepcopyinputnode                 matches  re.findall., v                 for match in matches                     v  v.replaces  match, elem.xpathmatch[0]             tmp.setk, v         self.processchildrencontext, outputparenttmp         attrs   .joinuss  k, v for k, v in tmp.attrib.items         ssi  lxml.etree.Commentus s  tag, attrs         outputparent.appendssi         for node in tmp         outputparent.appendnode         if selfnode.tag.replacens, in if, else, elif             and selfnode.getnext.tag.replacens,  not in else, elif         outputparent.appendlxml.etree.Commentuendif codepre
Negative 110 pIam using .Net RDF library to make some sparql query on RDF files. but when I tried to load the RDF file to C .Net RDFlibrary. p  pThe error isp  blockquote   pUnable to Parse this RDFXML since codeSystem.Xmlcode was unable to parse   the document, see Inner Exception for detailsp blockquote  pMy RDF filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltDOCTYPE rdfRDF [ltENTITY rdf httpwww.w3.org19990222rdfsyntaxnsgt ltENTITY rdfs httpwww.w3.org200001rdfschemagt ltENTITY xsd httpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemagt]gt ltrdfRDF xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema           xmlnsrdfshttpwww.w3.org200001rdfschema          xmlnsrdfhttpwww.w3.org19990222rdfsyntaxns      xmlnsdnrhttpwww.dotnetrdf.orgconfiguration          xmlnsrdfhttpwww.w3.orgXML1998namespace          xmlbasehttpwww.example.orggt    ltrdfDescription rdfaboutFadigt     ltns0eat xmlnsns0httpexample.orggtAppleltns0eatgt     ltxmlstartTimegt000138ltxmlstartTimegt     ltxmlendTimegt000139ltxmlendTimegt   ltrdfDescriptiongt ltrdfRDFgt codepre  pand the statement to loadp  precodeGraph myGraph  new Graph FileLoader.LoadmyGraph, CUsershasoOnDesktoptt.rdf codepre  pCan anyone tell me what is wrong  and why I get this errorp
Negative 110 pI want to take a strongsubimage from a bigger imagestrong, but I have the 4 corners of the image and I want to get the resulting image, strongindependently of the orientation it may havestrong. p  pIs there a Matlab function to make this I cant seem to find one. p  pThere is a similar question for codeopencvcode and codepythoncode, check for more clarity a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11627362howtostraightenarotatedrectangleareaofanimageusingopencvinpythonHow to straighten a rotated rectangle area of an image using opencv in pythonap
Negative 110 pI have the following script p  precodeltscript typetextjavascript gt  form.eachfunction      this.onsubmit, function   var firstfirstname  .firstfirstname, this.val var firstlastname  .firstlastname, this.val var secondfirstname  .secondfirstname, this.val var secondlastname  .secondlastname, this.val var TeamName  .TeamName, this.val var dataString  firstfirstname firstfirstname  ampfirstlastname  firstlastname  ampsecondfirstname  secondfirstname  ampsecondlastname  secondlastname  ampTeamName  TeamName   .ajax type POST, url data.php, data dataString, success function window.setTimeoutfunctiondata  propspectDiv.htmlTeam Name Added data.cssdisplay,block data.htmldata , 2000     return false   ltscriptgt codepre  pAnd the following php that generates a number of forms on a page using mysql databasep  precodeltphp      echo lttable classgreensmalltbl cellspacing10px cellpadding5pxgtltdiv idpropspectDivgtltdivgt      for i1,  ototalEntrants ilthalf i, oo1       formid  i   echo ltdiv styleborder3pxgtltform action methodpostgt lttrgtlttdgtltinput typetext namefirstfirstname idfirstfirstname valuefirstName[i] gt ltinput typetext namefirstlastname idfirstlastname valuelastName[i] gt   Skill Level  .skill[i].lttdgtlttrgt echo lttrgtlttdgtWITHlttdgtlttrgt echo lttrgtlttdgtltinput typetext namesecondfirstname idsecondfirstname valuefirstName[o] gt ltinput typetext namesecondlastname idsecondlastname valuelastName[o] gt Skill Level .skill[o].lttdgtlttrgt echo lttrgtlttdgtEnter Team Name  ltinput typetext nameTeamName idTeamName value gt ltinput typesubmit namesubmit valueSubmitgtltformgtlttdgtlttrgt        echo lttablegt codepre  pp  pI want to update the db table with the TEAM NAME in each formp  pThe problem is only the first forms input is passed all other forms do nothing I have tried a number of variations to the ajax code but none have worked.  Can anyone find the problem herep
Negative 110 pim filtering a list in Sencha Touch 2 through a picker. The filtering works, but when i pick a value, that is not in the list at the moment, the list gets empty which is understandable. But when i then filter the list again to another value, that is actually in the list, the list still stay empty and i have to reload it, to get back all the list items. When i filter to existing values i can modify the filter value with the picker as many times as i want to.p  pCan anyone help me on that problemp  pHeres my codep  pStorep  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodeExt.definemy.store.statusStore,  extend Ext.data.Store,  config      storeId status,     autoLoad false,       fields [         name countall, mappingstatuscountall,         name status, mapping currentstate,                      name statusName,             convert functionvalue, record                  return my.Renderer.hostStatusvalue, record                           ],      proxy          type ajax,         url frontend.phpqlist,  LiveDaten         reader              type json,             rootProperty hostTotals,             idProperty currentstate              ,      filters [                      property status,             value               ]   codepre  pThe ListView to filterp  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodeExt.definemy.view.HostsListView,  extend Ext.Panel, xtype ListView, alias widget.ListView,  requires [     Ext.dataview.List ],  config      title Hosts,     layout fit,      items [                      xtype list,             store hosts,             itemTpl ltdivgtltspan classhoststatusstatusgtampnbspampnbspampnbspampnbspampnbspltspangt                   hostname                  ltdivgt,              Bei Klick auf Disclosurebutton zeige die Services des Hosts an              onItemSelect functionrecord                  this.parent.fireEventhostDetails, record                           ] ,  initialize function      this.callParentarguments     var store  Ext.getStorehosts     store.load      this.buttonShowCounter  0     this.hideButton  false ,  show function      this.callParentarguments     this.buttonShowCounter     if this.buttonShowCounter  2          var navbar  this.navigationBar         var data  [             text Alle, value ,             text Up, value 0,             text Down, value 1,             text Unreachable, value 3,             text Pending, value 4         ]         navbar.add                              xtype statusPickerButton,                 align right,                 pickerData data,                 valueSet this.valueSet,                 usedStore hosts                               this.buttonShowCounter  0         this.hideButton  true      ,  hide function      var navbar  this.navigationBar     if this.hideButton  true          navbar.removenavbar.getComponentextcontainer12.getComponentstatusPickerButton        codepre  pAnd the Pickerp  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodeExt.definemy.view.StatusPickerButton,  extend Ext.Button, xtype statusPickerButton,  requires Ext.Picker,  config      itemId statusPickerButton,     xtype button,     iconMask true,     iconCls equalizer2,     ui plain,      handler function          this.initializePicker      ,  initializePicker function      ifthis.picker          this.picker  new Ext.Picker                              cancelButton false,                 useTitles true,                 slots [                                              name showStatus,                         title Filter whlen,                         data this.pickerData    Wird bei der Initialisierung im Controller bergeben                                      ],                 usedStore this.usedStore,                 listeners                      pick functionpicker, slot   wird ausgefhrt, sobald ein Slot gewhlt wurde.                          hole den aktiven Store und bergibt den Filter                         var activeStore  Ext.getStorethis.usedStore                          bergebe den Filter                         if slot.showStatus                                activeStore.filter                                                  else                              activeStore.filterstatus, slot.showStatus                                                                                               falls ein Filterwert bei der Initialisierung bergeben wurde, stelle den Filter auf diesen Wert ein         if this.valueSet  null              this.picker.setValueshowStatus this.valueSet                  Ext.Viewport.addthis.picker          this.picker.show   codepre
Negative 110 pI have a following XAML code also filled with some dummy content to demonstrate the issuep  precodeltWindow xClassWpfWatchBird.MainWindow         xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation         xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml         TitleMainWindow Height378 Width728         NamefrmMainListgt     ltGrid NamegrdMainLayoutgt         ltListBox NamelstData SelectionChangedlstDataSelectionChanged HorizontalAlignmentStretchgt             ltListBoxItem HorizontalContentAlignmentStretchgt                 ltListBoxItem.Contentgt                     ltGrid HorizontalAlignmentStretchgt                         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                             ltColumnDefinition Width100gt                             ltColumnDefinition Widthgt                             ltColumnDefinition Widthgt                             ltColumnDefinition Widthgt                         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt                             ltRowDefinition Height25gt                             ltRowDefinition Height100gt                             ltRowDefinition Height25gt                         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt                          ltLabel Contentnick HorizontalAlignmentCenter VerticalAlignmentCenter ForegroundTeal Grid.Column0 Grid.Row0 Margin0 Padding0gt                         ltLabel Contentkategria VerticalAlignmentCenter ForegroundGreen Grid.Column1 Grid.Row0 Margin10,0,0,0 Padding0gt                         ltLabel Contentstav zznamu ForegroundGray HorizontalAlignmentCenter VerticalAlignmentCenter Margin0 Padding0 Grid.Column2 Grid.Row0gt                         ltLabel Content1.1. 2013 1200 HorizontalAlignmentRight VerticalAlignmentCenter Margin0,0,5,0 Padding0 Grid.Column3 Grid.Row0gt                          ltImage HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretch Grid.Column0 Grid.Row1 Sourcehttpwww.birdz.sklabezfotky.gif gt                         ltStackPanel xNamespItemText Grid.Column1 Grid.Row1 Grid.ColumnSpan3 HorizontalAlignmentStretchgt                             ltTextBlock MaxWidthBinding ElementNamespItemText,PathActualWidth FontSize18 TextWrappingWrapgt                                 ltTextBlock.TextgtNadpis blogu, konene, dmy a pni ltTextBlock.Textgt                             ltTextBlockgt                             ltTextBlock HorizontalAlignmentStretch xmlspacepreserve TextWrappingWrap Margin10,0,0,0                                         Padding0 VerticalAlignmentTop                                        MaxWidthBinding ElementNamespItemText, PathActualWidthgt                                 ltTextBlock.TextgtPreview textu blogu, blablabla, blabla, bude to pekn a krsne a bude to vedie robi aj newliny, len ete nejak spravi zarovnanie, aby nebolo... aha, ono nie je, on mi len kvli xmlspace preserve... A u mi aj krsne funguje textwrapping, ke som poodstraoval zopr nepotrebnch ...hmm... tak jeden riadok to wraplo dobre, ale ten al u nie, zaujmav...                                 ltTextBlock.Textgt                             ltTextBlockgt                         ltStackPanelgt                         ltLabel Grid.Column1 Grid.Row2gt                             ltHyperlinkgtOtvor originlltHyperlinkgt                         ltLabelgt                         ltLabel Grid.Column3 Grid.Row2 HorizontalAlignmentRightgt                             ltHyperlinkgtOtvor zloku so zlohoultHyperlinkgt                         ltLabelgt                     ltGridgt                 ltListBoxItem.Contentgt             ltListBoxItemgt             ltListBoxItem ContentMenu 2 gt         ltListBoxgt     ltGridgt ltWindowgt codepre  pWhen growing the window, it resizes correctly, but upon shrinking it refuses to do so. I have found a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1122746this question which seems very much relateda, but I dont consider the answer in there to be a proper answer also, I cant comment on questionsanswers, otherwise, Id write it there.p  pThe answer says that by default ItemsControls are growonly, strongbut the by default suggests there is a way to override thisstrong, however the answer doesnt explain how this is done and I cant find anything about it... Any ideas Id like to do it in XAML, it should be possible without codebehind hacks, IMO...p
Negative 110 pId like to know if somebody has successfully got ESB connecting to a BAM that uses LDAP for authentication, and how. In other words whatre the necessary permissions to publish events in a BAM serverp  pWeve installed ESB 4.6.0 and BAM 2.2.0, and both of them are configured to use LDAP its an Active Directory for user management.p  pWeve followed as much as possible this documentation has some outdatedwrong instructions though a hrefhttpdocs.wso2.orgwikidisplayESB450ConfiguringExternalUserStores relnofollowhttpdocs.wso2.orgwikidisplayESB450ConfiguringExternalUserStoresap  pSince ESB sends events to BAM, there is a BAM Profile created, that needs a valid user and password to connect to BAM Server. Therefore weve created specific users for that. Those users where configured to belong to the admin group by adding them to the default admin role the one specified in the usermgt.xml file shown below but the connection between ESB and BAM fails withp  precodeTID [0] [BAM] [20130507 125058,802]  INFO org.wso2.carbon.databridge.core.DataBridge   wso2devserver connected org.wso2.carbon.databridge.core.DataBridge TID [0] [BAM] [20130507 125058,847] ERROR org.wso2.carbon.databridge.core.internal.authentication.Authenticator   wrong userName or password org.wso2.carbon.databridge.core.internal.authentication.Authenticator codepre  pwhile direct login into the Management Console same credentials worksp  precodeTID [0] [BAM] [20130507 141048,570]  INFO org.wso2.carbon.core.services.util.CarbonAuthenticationUtil   wso2devservercarbon.super [1234] logged in at [20130507 141048,5701200] from IP address 172.26.34.38 org.wso2.carbon.core.services.util.CarbonAuthenticationUtil codepre  pTo make it even funnier, communication between ESB and BAM works if I use strongMYstrong credentials instead.p  pThanks in advance.p  pThis is our usermgt.xml filep  precodeltUserManagergt     ltRealmgt     ltConfigurationgt             ltAdminRolegtwso2adminltAdminRolegt             ltAdminUsergt                  ltUserNamegtgherreraltUserNamegt                  ltPasswordgtltPasswordgt             ltAdminUsergt         ltEveryOneRoleNamegtltEveryOneRoleNamegt lt By default users in this role sees the registry root gt         ltProperty namedataSourcegtjdbcWSO2CarbonDBltPropertygt         ltProperty nameMultiTenantRealmConfigBuildergtorg.wso2.carbon.user.core.config.multitenancy.SimpleRealmConfigBuilderltPropertygt     ltConfigurationgt      ltUserStoreManager classorg.wso2.carbon.user.core.ldap.ReadOnlyLDAPUserStoreManagergt         ltProperty nameReadOnlygttrueltPropertygt         ltProperty nameMaxUserNameListLengthgt100ltPropertygt         ltProperty nameConnectionURLgtldapactivedirectoryserver389ltPropertygt         ltProperty nameConnectionNamegtCNsomeadminuser,OUService Accounts,OUmycompany Users,DCmycompany,DCco,DCnzltPropertygt         ltProperty nameConnectionPasswordgtsomeadminuserpasswordltPropertygt         ltProperty namepasswordHashMethodgtPLAINTEXTltPropertygt         ltProperty nameUserSearchBasegtDCmycompany,DCco,DCnzltPropertygt         ltProperty nameUserNameListFiltergtobjectClasspersonltPropertygt         ltProperty nameUserNameAttributegtsAMAccountNameltPropertygt         ltProperty nameReadLDAPGroupsgttrueltPropertygt         ltProperty nameGroupSearchBasegtOUmycompany Groups,DCmycompany,DCco,DCnzltPropertygt         ltProperty nameGroupNameListFiltergtobjectClassgroupltPropertygt         ltProperty nameGroupNameAttributegtcnltPropertygt         ltProperty nameMembershipAttributegtmemberltPropertygt         ltProperty nameUserRolesCacheEnabledgttrueltPropertygt         ltProperty nameReplaceEscapeCharactersAtUserLogingttrueltPropertygt         ltProperty namemaxFailedLoginAttemptgt3ltPropertygt      ltUserStoreManagergt      ltAuthorizationManager         classorg.wso2.carbon.user.core.authorization.JDBCAuthorizationManagergt         ltProperty nameAdminRoleManagementPermissionsgtpermissionltPropertygt         ltProperty nameAuthorizationCacheEnabledgttrueltPropertygt     ltAuthorizationManagergt     ltRealmgt ltUserManagergt codepre
Negative 110 pHere is the story I have to implement filter. And in this filter there are certain categories I filter by. One of the filters is favourite filter includeFavourites .p  pI have this huge SQL with paging and sorting and everything.p  pNow, when includeFavourites option in filter is clicked, then I also have to select unique IDs from different table this entries are stored in different datatable, where favourites are stored. I have tried left outer join, but it returns number of favourites records for each record in primary table. Coalesce didnt help at all.p  pHere is my SQLp  precode            this is needed because stored procedure must know how many days are selected             DECLARE daysCount int             SET daysCount  0             IF mon IS NOT NULL                 BEGIN                     SET daysCount  daysCount1                 END             IF tue IS NOT NULL                 BEGIN                     SET daysCount  daysCount1                 END             IF wed IS NOT NULL                 BEGIN                     SET daysCount  daysCount1                 END             IF thu IS NOT NULL                 BEGIN                     SET daysCount  daysCount1                 END             IF fri IS NOT NULL                 BEGIN                     SET daysCount  daysCount1                 END             IF sat IS NOT NULL                 BEGIN                     SET daysCount  daysCount1                 END             IF sun IS NOT NULL                 BEGIN                     SET daysCount  daysCount1                 END               Insert statements for procedure here             SELECT  FROM                  SELECT ROWNUMBER OVER                                      ORDER BY                     CASE WHEN OrderBy  ND THEN title END DESC,                     CASE WHEN OrderBy  NA THEN title END,                     CASE WHEN OrderBy   THEN title END,                      CASE WHEN OrderBy  RD THEN authorRating END DESC,                     CASE WHEN OrderBy  RA THEN authorRating                  AS Row,                  Articles.ArticleId, Articles.userId, Articles.timestamp as datePosted, users.screenName,              defaultSmallImagePath, authorRating, ArticleCosts, title,               FROM Articles             LEFT OUTER JOIN                  Users on Articles.userId  Users.userId             LEFT OUTER JOIN                 ArticleAdditionalInformation ON ArticleAdditionalInformation.ArticleId  Articles.ArticleId             JOIN FOR CONTINENT             LEFT OUTER JOIN                  Codings as Continent ON Continent.codingKeyId  ArticleAdditionalInformation.continentId AND Continent.languageId  languageId              JOIN FOR COUNTRY             LEFT OUTER JOIN                  CodingsAssociated as Country ON Country.codingKeyId  ArticleAdditionalInformation.countryId AND Country.languageId  languageId              JOIN FOR Article TRANSLATION DATA             LEFT OUTER JOIN                 ArticlesTranslations ON ArticlesTranslations.ArticleId  Articles.ArticleId AND ArticlesTranslations.languageIdlanguageId              LEFT OUTER JOIN                 ArticleCategories ON ArticleCategories.ArticleId  Articles.ArticleId              WHERE                                             ArticleCategories.categorieId 1 OR ArticleCategories.categorieId 2 OR                      ArticleCategories.categorieId 3 OR ArticleCategories.categorieId 4 OR                      ArticleCategories.categorieId  5                       AND                     ArticlesTranslations.title LIKE   searchString   OR searchString IS NULL                       COST filter                     AND                     ArticleCosts lt cost OR cost  0                     AND                     ArticleCosts gt 0 OR cost  0                     END cost filter                       EXCLUDE already stored for selected days                      AND Articles.ArticleId  exclude these ArticleIds                     NOT IN                                              SELECT DailyContent.ArticleId                         FROM DailyContent                         WHERE                             sectionIdsectionId AND                                                               weekDayIdmon OR                                 weekDayIdtue OR                                 weekDayIdwed OR                                 weekDayIdthu OR                                 weekDayIdfri OR                                 weekDayIdsat OR                                 weekDayIdsun                                                      GROUP BY                             DailyContent.ArticleId                         HAVING                              COUNTsectionId  daysCount                                           END exclude                       p                     WHERE  Row gt startRowIndex AND Row ltstartRowIndex  pageSize             ORDER BY Row         END codepre  pSo, I would only like to include unique articleIds from favourite table, when includeFavourites parameter is not null.p  pAny hint would be greatly appreciated p  pI am using SQL server 2008.p
Negative 110 pI have an 2D array, it is simple as thisp  precode[0] gt Array              [0] gt 6         [1] gt 6         [2] gt 6       [1] gt Array              [0] gt 6         [1] gt 6         [2] gt 11       [2] gt Array              [0] gt 6         [1] gt 6         [2] gt 6      codepre  pOf course, they are inside of another array. What I want is to remove index[2] because it has same values as index[0]. I searched here and on google but couldnt find how to solve issue exactly like this one. Thank you in advance.p
Negative 110 pIn my webiste, I used  codefontfamily Caesar Dressing,cursive,brushscicode p  pBut it shows two differnt fonts in two pages.p  pSee the codeheader menucode fonts in following links p  pa hrefhttpwww.berzerkart.com relnofollowhttpwww.berzerkart.comap  pa hrefhttpwww.berzerkart.comstoreCharlo relnofollowhttpwww.berzerkart.comstoreCharloap  pI checked it in firebug, in the first link codeCaesar Dressingcode is active and in the second link codecursivecode is active,p  pI want same style for both, what could be the issue. p
Negative 110 pGlobal variable does not update but I import it to interpreter it is updating.p  pPlease help me how to update dictionary codedcodep  precodeimport texttable  class Lc      d508,1006,2004,5003,10002,20001     he[containersizeinltrs,qty]     def inventoryself,g         d1self.d         if d1g             d1g         self.dg         l1d1.keys         l1.sort         li[]         ls[]         for i in l1             li[]             li.appendi             li.appendd1[i]             ls.appendli         tabletexttable.Texttable         table.headerself.he         table.addrowsls,headerFalse         print table.draw      def addinvself,k,v         dself.d         for i,j in d.items             if ki                 d[k]d[k]v         print d         return d  zLc  gz.addinv500,2  print z.d codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to implement a consumer in C. There are many publishers which could be executing concurrently. Ive created three examples, one with Rx and subject, one with BlockingCollection and a third using ToObservable from the BlockingCollection. They all do the same thing in this simple example and I want them to work with multiple producers. p  pWhat are the different qualities of each approach p  pIm already using Rx, so Id prefer this approach. But Im concerned that OnNext has no thread safe guarantee and I dont know what the queuing semantics are of Subject and the default scheduler.p  pIs there a thread safe subjectp  pAre all messages going to be processedp  pAre there any other scenarios when this wont work Is it processing concurrently p  precodevoid SubjectOnDefaultScheduler      var observable  new Subjectltlonggt     observable.         ObserveOnScheduler.Default.         Subscribei gt  DoWorki      observable.OnNext1     observable.OnNext2     observable.OnNext3  codepre  pNot Rx, but easily adapted to usesubscribe it. It takes an item and then processes it. This should happen serially.p  precodevoid BlockingCollectionAndConsumingTask      var blockingCollection  new BlockingCollectionltlonggt     var taskFactory  new TaskFactory     taskFactory.StartNew gt              foreach var i in blockingCollection.GetConsumingEnumerable                      DoWorki                   blockingCollection.Add1     blockingCollection.Add2     blockingCollection.Add3  codepre  pUsing a blocking collection a bit like a subject seems like a good compromise. Im guessing implicitly will schedule onto task, so that I can use asyncawait, is that correctp  precodevoid BlockingCollectionToObservable      var blockingCollection  new BlockingCollectionltlonggt     blockingCollection.         GetConsumingEnumerable.         ToObservableScheduler.Default.         Subscribei gt  DoWorki      blockingCollection.Add1     blockingCollection.Add2     blockingCollection.Add3  codepre
Negative 110 pi have this code in which i use openCV to launch a camera. The code is given below. If this class MainActivity is used as the main class then every thing works fine but if i use it from another activity then the application crashes.p  pHeres the code of openCV androidp  precodepublic class MainActivity extends Activity implements CvCameraViewListener2   private CameraBridgeViewBase mOpenCvCameraView  private BaseLoaderCallback mLoaderCallback  new BaseLoaderCallbackthis      Override     public void onManagerConnectedint status          switch status              case LoaderCallbackInterface.SUCCESS                              Log.iTAG, OpenCV loaded successfully                 mOpenCvCameraView.enableView              break             default                              super.onManagerConnectedstatus              break                 Override public void onResume      super.onResume     OpenCVLoader.initAsyncOpenCVLoader.OPENCVVERSION243, this,     mLoaderCallback   Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain     getWindow.addFlagsWindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGKEEPSCREENON      setContentViewR.layout.helloopencvlayout      mOpenCvCameraView  CameraBridgeViewBase findViewByIdR.id.HelloOpenCvView      mOpenCvCameraView.setVisibilitySurfaceView.VISIBLE      mOpenCvCameraView.setCvCameraViewListenerCvCameraViewListener2 this    Override  public void onPause        super.onPause      if mOpenCvCameraView  null          mOpenCvCameraView.disableView     public void onDestroy       super.onDestroy      if mOpenCvCameraView  null          mOpenCvCameraView.disableView     public void onCameraViewStartedint width, int height      public void onCameraViewStopped      public Mat onCameraFrameCvCameraViewFrame inputFrame       return inputFrame.rgba     Override public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu       Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.     getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.main, menu     return true    codepre  pNow if i try to call this from another activity using intent in which i just have a button and onclick method is implemented and when the button is pressed , this activity is called , the application crashes.p  pIts been more the 4 hours , i am struggling with it. Please help and thanks in advance. p  pWhat i believe is that there is a callback method implemented , so we cant call this activity as normal activity call , or may be some other concept. I search it on the internet , but nothing helps. Some where i also found the concept of Async call , but i didnt get it.p  pPlease help. Thanks.p
Negative 110 pHow do you work with arrays that contain dictionaries Im trying to get together all the codepostcode fields so I can search their text. p  pMy attempts keep going nowhere using codemongocode shell. p  precodeUser.Blog.find.wherepost.inwriting.execfunction err, result    do something with results   doesnt work codepre  pstrongschemastrong edit fixed from JAM commentsp  precodevar blogSchema  new mongoose.Schema   group  String,   writing [         post String,         name  Number         ]   var Blog  mongoose.modelBlog, blogSchema codepre  pstrongUpdate adding json data and the command to put data in mongodb using mongo shellstrongp  precode   group  Design Writing,   writing [         post A very very very short post.,         name  10   ,          post An early morning post about everything.,         name  11   ]  codepre  pemOr, here as one line to insert into a db in the collection named codemycollectioncode emp  precodedb.mycollection.insert group  Design Writing, writing [post A very very very short post.,name  10, post An early morning post about everything.,name  11]  codepre
Negative 110 phow can I send recursive data structure, like octree, to OpenGL GLSL shader I think, I can send it as array of nodes and use indexes instead of pointers, is it a good idea Are there other options to do itp
Negative 110 pI am new to JS and not sure how to make this work on my page.  Below is what I have.  How must I make this alert showp  pI added the source correctly but not sure how to render the alert.  p  precodeltdoctype htmlgt     lthtmlgt     ltheadgt     lttitlegtToastlttitlegt     ltlink hreftoastr.css relstylesheetgt     ltscript srctoastr.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquery1.9.1.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquerymigrate1.2.1.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscriptgt     document.readyfunction      toastr.infoAre you the 6 fingered man       Command toastr[success]   , Settings Saved      toastr.options      debug false,     positionClass toasttopright,     onclick null,     fadeIn 300,     fadeOut 1000,     timeOut 5000,     extendedTimeOut 1000               ltscriptgt    ltheadgt     ltbodygt     ltbodygt     lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 110 pOkay im still learning about Regex and im making a voice assistant for my phone and i want it to accept any of the followingp  precodeset the timer for 5 minutes set timer for 5 minutes set a timer for 5 minutes set a goddamn timer for 5 minutes set this timer for 5 minutes codepre  pBasically i want every word between codesetcode and codetimercode. p  pIm trying this but it doesnt work.p  precodeset  thea. timer for [19]1, minuteminutes codepre  pAnother command is about canceling the timer p  precodecancel the timer    timer cancel   cancel timer   codepre  pBasically if the words cancel and timer appear in any combination in the sentence it should cancel the timer.p  pAny help would be appreciated.p
Negative 110 pIm trying of add a fieldselect to a form without an item selected in my .jspx file, using Spring MVC, but I cant get it. I need to add a first item empty or with a phrase like  Select an option , and that, with this empty item selected,  the property required of Spring MVC at true find unselected the field.p  pMy code is this p  precodeltfieldselect fieldcluster idccurvecluster itemValueclave itemLabelvalor itemscluster pathcluster zgt codepre
Negative 110 pheyy people i am new to android plzz do help. i am making an android app where i want want if a person wants to see a PDF file can just open the app click the button and open and view the PDF file.p  pwhat i have actually done is created a JSP which is connected to a database. when i run the JSP it takes d report fills it with the data from the db n returns a PDF filep  precodeClass.forNamenet.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc.Driver Connection connection  DriverManager.getConnectionjdbcjtdssqlserverlocalhost1433Andsample InputStream isnew FileInputStreamnew FilegetServletContext.getRealPathandroidreport1.jasper JasperPrint jpJasperFillManager.fillReportis, null, connection  JasperExportManager.exportReportToPdfFilejp,getServletContext.getRealPathandroidreport1.pdf  OutputStream osresponse.getOutputStream JRExporter jrenew JRPdfExporter response.setContentTypeapplicationpdf jre.setParameterJRExporterParameter.JASPERPRINT,jp jre.setParameterJRExporterParameter.OUTPUTSTREAM,os jre.exportReport codepre  pnow i want to show this PDF file returned in an app which hits the JSP URL and reads and displays the PDF report within my app or using the default PDF viewer in the emulator but i dnt know how to do it. i do not know how to read pdf files on click of a button and show it as well.p
Negative 110 pI have models codeClientcode and codeRequisitescode. codeRequisitescode is OneToOneField for codeClientcode. No overwritten save methods and other. I wonder when attribute coderequisitesidcode is set for codeClientcode objects.p  precodec  Client c.requisites  Requisites c.requisites.save print c.requisites.id gtgt 1 print c.requisitesid gtgt None c.save codepre  pSo field client.requisitesid is NULL in database.The funniest thing is that this code works finep  precodec  Client c.requisites  Requisites c.requisites.save c.requisites  c.requisites   how can this change something print c.requisites.id gtgt 2 print c.requisitesid gtgt 2 c.save codepre
Negative 110 pI need to make a stored procedure that takes a userId and a list of categoryIds, and delete any row that matches, from a specific table.p  pPseudo codep  precodecategorylist int[] userId int  foreachcategory as c in categorylist  DELETE FROM HelpWith as h WHERE c.categoryId  h.categoryId AND h.userId  userId  codepre  pNow I know that you are not supposed to use loops in SQL Not that this would work anyways... Does anyone know how to make a stored procedure that could do thisp
Negative 110 pIn a data flow from one table to another, I would like to cast a date.p  pThe date leaves the source table as a string in this format 20090105 000000000  0100.p  pI tried to convert this to a date using a tConvertType, but that is not allowed apparently. My second option is to cast this string to a date using a formula in a tMap component.p  pAt the moment I tried these formulasp  precode TalendDate.formatDateyyyyMMdd,row3.rafwdzbegi  TalendDate.formatDateyyyyMMdd HHmmss,row3.rafwdzbegi  return TalendDate.formatDateyyyyMMdd HHmmss,row3.rafwdzbegi codepre  pNone of these worked. When inserting the result into the targettable MySQL, InnoDB a receive the error message that the date is not valid. The format of the target field is a MySQL Date field.p  pHow can I cast the date to the desired formatp
Negative 110 pIn my game only one sprite responds to touches. How can I make a mousejoint move this spritebody regardless of where I touch on the screenp
Negative 110 pIm creating a personal website to help with task management in a project environment. p  pIve got a mySQL table tblProjects that contains the following fields id, ownerID, projectName and createdDate. Ive then got another table tblToDos that contains the following fields id, projectId links to id in tblProjects toDoName, toDoDueDate, createdDate.p  pThe idea being that many todos can belong to a project.p  pAt present, when the site loads, im using ajax and jQuery to show a list of projects. When i click on one of the projects in the list, i want to be able to run another ajax Query to load the todos from that project into a separate div on the same page similar to when you click on an email in gmail for example, the email content loads on the rightp  pThe crux of my problem is that i dont know how to pass the ID of the project from my first Ajax request into the second one so that i can return the todos associated with the project that was clicked on. p
Negative 110 pI have a string which isp  precode23052013 codepre  pand I wanted to create a new Date Time object from this, so I didp  precodenew DateTime23052013 codepre  pAny idea why I am getting this error all the timep  precodeDateTimeconstruct Failed to parse time string 23052013 at position 0 2 Unexpected character codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to load a separate html file into an already existing div on a site and i am getting the following error p  blockquote   pXMLHttpRequest cannot load MyFile Origin null is not allowed by AccessControlAllowOrigin. filename.html1p blockquote  pI am using the load function as follows p  precodewrapper.loadfilename.html codepre
Negative 110 pIm using a codeGdkPixbufcode to display an image with codeGdkCairocode in C p  precodevirtual bool ondrawconst CairoRefPtrltCairoContextgtamp cr      GlibRefPtrltGdkPixbufgt image  GdkPixbufcreatefromfilefilename     GdkCairosetsourcepixbufcr, image, width  imagegtgetwidth2, height  imagegtgetheight2     crgtpaint      other displaying stuffs   codepre  pThis image is in BampW and I need to bring out some pixels whose luminance is above a certain threshold. For that, I would like to color those pixels.p  pFirst, I dont know and I cannot find on the web how to get the luminance of a certain pixel of my Pixbuf image.p  pSecond, I dont find another way to draw the pixel than drawing a line of length 1 which is kind of ugly solution.p  pCould you help me on this If possible, I would like to avoid changing library...p  pThank youp
Negative 110 pIm trying to create a neume gregorian chant editor. I have really much done, but I got stuck on the subject of lyrics under the music score.p  pBasically the problem Im trying to solve is there are some independent blocks of User Controls. Under them there should be text areas to put lyrics. The whole point is  lyrics are rich text but only text  no tables, images, etc..p  pTo make things funnier  the image rendered by my User Control has to emknowem where is the first vowel in the text below the first emneumeem  lets call it a note  has to be placed exacly above the first vowel.p  pI am really struggling trying to make it done. I considered using codeRTBcode, but there is the whole problem with resizing it  the lyrics can basically be infinite in lenght  It resizes downwards, not to the right, as well as binding to codeRTBcode is really emfunnyem deal.p  pCan you please give me any idea how to solve the issue Here is a small image explaining  I hope  my problem.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com8QKk4.png althttpimg833.imageshack.usimg8337451clipboard01fd.pngp  pThank you very much in advancep
Negative 110 pI have a piece of code that is 300 lines long. There is 3 different instances of imshow throughout the code that displays figures as the code is run..  The GUI I am creating will be very simple. Currently I have a push button that initiates the m file.  I am trying to get the images to be displayed within the GUI that I am creating and not in separate Figure windows.  I have being looking at tutorials online but cant get a quick fix for my problem, they all get a bit convoluted and I cant figure out what exactly to do.p  pI have 3 axis inserted onto the GUI, In the view callbacks for each axis I can createfcn, deletefcn and buttonDownFcn. When I createFcn it gives me a hint to place code in OpeningFcn to populate axes1 in the auto generated code. p  pI have tried to do this but I am not able to find the correct place to write the code.p  pCan somebody tell me if I am going in the correct direction or if I have it wrong.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI have an rss feed where, in every item tag there are two tags named category. I want to get the value of the first one,but unfortunately i get the second one value. This is my codep  precode    Create required instances                 DocumentBuilderFactory dbf  DocumentBuilderFactory.newInstance                 DocumentBuilder db  dbf.newDocumentBuilder                   Parse the xml                 Document doc  db.parsenew InputSourceurl.openStream                 doc.getDocumentElement.normalize                   Get all ltitemgt tags.                 NodeList nl  doc.getElementsByTagNameitem                 int length  nl.getLength                   to length einai posa nea tha emfanisei.Edw tou lew ola pou                  vriskei                 for int i  0 i lt length i                      Node currentNode  nl.itemi                     RSSItem item  new RSSItem                      NodeList nchild  currentNode.getChildNodes                     int clength  nchild.getLength                       Get the required elements from each Item                     for int j  0 j lt clength j  j  1                           Node thisNode  nchild.itemj                         String theString  null                          if thisNode  null ampamp thisNode.getFirstChild  null                              theString  thisNode.getFirstChild.getNodeValue                                                    if theString  null                               String nodeName  thisNode.getNodeName                       ... .... ...                              if category.equalsnodeName                                                                      NodeList nlList  nl.item0.getChildNodes                                   Node nValue2  Node nlList.item0                                   item.setCategorynValue2.getNodeValue                                                                    item.setCategorytheString                                                                            codepre  pEDITp  pMy RSS feed is likep  precodeltitemgt lttitlegtmy titlelttitlegt ltcategorygtSportsltcategorygt ltcategorygtWorldltcategorygt ltitemgt  ltitemgt lttitlegtmy title 2lttitlegt ltcategorygtNewsltcategorygt ltcategorygtShowbizltcategorygt ltitemgt ...etc codepre
Negative 110 pI have two forms. When I try to change the background image for codeForm2code, codeForm1code throws a codeAccessViolationExceptioncode on codeForm2.Showcode p  pI have searched far and wide, but to no avail, unfortunately.  Here is the stack tracep  precodeSystem.AccessViolationException was unhandled  MessageAttempted to read or write protected memory. This is often an indication that other memory is corrupt.   SourceSystem.Drawing   StackTrace        at System.Drawing.SafeNativeMethods.Gdip.GdipDrawImageRectRectIHandleRef graphics, HandleRef image, Int32 dstx, Int32 dsty, Int32 dstwidth, Int32 dstheight, Int32 srcx, Int32 srcy, Int32 srcwidth, Int32 srcheight, Int32 srcunit, HandleRef imageAttributes, DrawImageAbort callback, HandleRef callbackdata        at System.Drawing.Graphics.DrawImageImage image, Rectangle destRect, Int32 srcX, Int32 srcY, Int32 srcWidth, Int32 srcHeight, GraphicsUnit srcUnit, ImageAttributes imageAttrs, DrawImageAbort callback, IntPtr callbackData        at System.Drawing.Graphics.DrawImageImage image, Rectangle destRect, Int32 srcX, Int32 srcY, Int32 srcWidth, Int32 srcHeight, GraphicsUnit srcUnit, ImageAttributes imageAttr        at System.Windows.Forms.ControlPaint.DrawBackgroundImageGraphics g, Image backgroundImage, Color backColor, ImageLayout backgroundImageLayout, Rectangle bounds, Rectangle clipRect, Point scrollOffset, RightToLeft rightToLeft        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.PaintBackgroundPaintEventArgs e, Rectangle rectangle, Color backColor, Point scrollOffset        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.PaintBackgroundPaintEventArgs e, Rectangle rectangle        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.OnPaintBackgroundPaintEventArgs pevent        at System.Windows.Forms.ScrollableControl.OnPaintBackgroundPaintEventArgs e        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.PaintWithErrorHandlingPaintEventArgs e, Int16 layer        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WmEraseBkgndMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.ScrollableControl.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.Form.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.OnMessageMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.NativeWindow.DebuggableCallbackIntPtr hWnd, Int32 msg, IntPtr wparam, IntPtr lparam        at System.Windows.Forms.SafeNativeMethods.ShowWindowHandleRef hWnd, Int32 nCmdShow        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.SetVisibleCoreBoolean value        at System.Windows.Forms.Form.SetVisibleCoreBoolean value        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.Show        at WindowsFormsApplication1.Form1.button1ClickObject sender, EventArgs e in CDocuments and SettingsConstantinemy documentsvisual studio 2010ProjectsIksoksIksoksForm1.csline 37        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.OnClickEventArgs e        at System.Windows.Forms.Button.OnClickEventArgs e        at System.Windows.Forms.Button.OnMouseUpMouseEventArgs mevent        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WmMouseUpMessageamp m, MouseButtons button, Int32 clicks        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.ButtonBase.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.Button.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.OnMessageMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.NativeWindow.DebuggableCallbackIntPtr hWnd, Int32 msg, IntPtr wparam, IntPtr lparam        at System.Windows.Forms.UnsafeNativeMethods.DispatchMessageWMSGamp msg        at System.Windows.Forms.Application.ComponentManager.System.Windows.Forms.UnsafeNativeMethods.IMsoComponentManager.FPushMessageLoopIntPtr dwComponentID, Int32 reason, Int32 pvLoopData        at System.Windows.Forms.Application.ThreadContext.RunMessageLoopInnerInt32 reason, ApplicationContext context        at System.Windows.Forms.Application.ThreadContext.RunMessageLoopInt32 reason, ApplicationContext context        at System.Windows.Forms.Application.RunForm mainForm        at WindowsFormsApplication1.Program.Main in CDocuments and SettingsConstantinemy documentsvisual studio 2010ProjectsIksoksIksoksProgram.csline 18        at System.AppDomain.nExecuteAssemblyRuntimeAssembly assembly, String[] args        at System.AppDomain.ExecuteAssemblyString assemblyFile, Evidence assemblySecurity, String[] args        at Microsoft.VisualStudio.HostingProcess.HostProc.RunUsersAssembly        at System.Threading.ThreadHelper.ThreadStartContextObject state        at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state, Boolean ignoreSyncCtx        at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state        at System.Threading.ThreadHelper.ThreadStart   InnerException  codepre
Negative 110 pI made a project wherein when you click a button from the MainActivity, it will lead to a fragment activity. But I cant seem to make it work.p  pHeres a snippet of my code for the button in MainActivityp  precodeButton button2  Button findViewByIdR.id.button2     button2.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener            public void onClickView v               Intent intent  new Intent v.getContext, page3.class             startActivityForResultintent, 0                codepre  pHeres my snippet for page3 where the button from MainActivity leads top  precodepackage com.example.pixelapp3  import android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.view.ViewPager import com.actionbarsherlock.app.ActionBar import com.actionbarsherlock.app.SherlockFragmentActivity  public class page3 extends SherlockFragmentActivity   private ViewPager mViewPager private TabsAdapter mTabsAdapter  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState      mViewPager  new ViewPagerthis     mViewPager.setIdR.id.pager     setContentViewmViewPager      final ActionBar bar  getSupportActionBar     bar.setNavigationModeActionBar.NAVIGATIONMODETABS      mTabsAdapter  new TabsAdapterthis, mViewPager     mTabsAdapter.addTabbar.newTab.setTextFragment 1, page3a.class, null     mTabsAdapter.addTabbar.newTab.setTextFragment 2, page3b.class, null     mTabsAdapter.addTabbar.newTab.setTextFragment 3, page3c.class, null     mTabsAdapter.addTabbar.newTab.setTextFragment 4, page3d.class, null  codepre  pp  pHeres the page3.xml snippetp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin toolscontext.mainActivity gt  ltandroid.support.v4.view.ViewPager     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidididpagergt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pHeres page3a.javap  precodepackage com.example.pixelapp3  import android.os.Bundle import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup import com.actionbarsherlock.app.SherlockFragmentActivity   public class page3a extends SherlockFragmentActivity   public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container, Bundle savedInstanceState     return inflater.inflateR.layout.page3a, null    codepre  pHeres the logCat when I click the button that doesnt workp  precode  0604 104614.871 IActionBarSherlock907 Registering ActionBarSherlockCompat with qualifier com.actionbarsherlock.ActionBarSherlockImplementationapi7, dpi1 0604 104614.871 IActionBarSherlock907 Registering ActionBarSherlockNative with qualifier com.actionbarsherlock.ActionBarSherlockImplementationapi14, dpi1 0604 104614.971 IActionBarSherlock907 Using implementation ActionBarSherlockNative 0604 104614.971 DActionBarSherlock907 [ltctorgt] activity com.example.pixelapp3.page341219338, flags 1 0604 104614.971 DActionBarSherlock907 [setContentView] view android.support.v4.view.ViewPager4121c920 0604 104614.971 DActionBarSherlock907 [setContentView] view android.support.v4.view.ViewPager4121c920, params android.view.ViewGroupLayoutParams4122b4f0 0604 104615.212 DActionBarSherlock907 [getActionBar] 0604 104615.222 DActionBarSherlock907 [getActionBar] 0604 104615.361 V21st Polling907 clicked 0604 104615.671 Ddalvikvm907 GCCONCURRENT freed 178K, 4 free 8234K8519K, paused 74ms88ms, total 260ms 0604 104615.671 DAndroidRuntime907 Shutting down VM 0604 104615.681 Wdalvikvm907 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x40a13300 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907 java.lang.ClassCastException com.example.pixelapp3.page3a cannot be cast to android.support.v4.app.Fragment 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.support.v4.app.Fragment.instantiateFragment.java394 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at com.example.pixelapp3.TabsAdapter.getItemTabsAdapter.java97 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter.instantiateItemFragmentPagerAdapter.java97 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.support.v4.view.ViewPager.addNewItemViewPager.java829 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.support.v4.view.ViewPager.populateViewPager.java979 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.support.v4.view.ViewPager.populateViewPager.java911 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.support.v4.view.ViewPager.onMeasureViewPager.java1432 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.View.measureView.java15172 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.ViewGroup.measureChildWithMarginsViewGroup.java4816 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.widget.FrameLayout.onMeasureFrameLayout.java310 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.View.measureView.java15172 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.widget.LinearLayout.measureVerticalLinearLayout.java833 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.widget.LinearLayout.onMeasureLinearLayout.java574 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.View.measureView.java15172 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.ViewGroup.measureChildWithMarginsViewGroup.java4816 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.widget.FrameLayout.onMeasureFrameLayout.java310 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindowDecorView.onMeasurePhoneWindow.java2148 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.View.measureView.java15172 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.ViewRootImpl.performMeasureViewRootImpl.java1850 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.ViewRootImpl.measureHierarchyViewRootImpl.java1102 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.ViewRootImpl.performTraversalsViewRootImpl.java1275 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.ViewRootImpl.doTraversalViewRootImpl.java1000 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.ViewRootImplTraversalRunnable.runViewRootImpl.java4214 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.ChoreographerCallbackRecord.runChoreographer.java725 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.Choreographer.doCallbacksChoreographer.java555 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.Choreographer.doFrameChoreographer.java525 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.view.ChoreographerFrameDisplayEventReceiver.runChoreographer.java711 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java615 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4745 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java786 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java553 0604 104615.761 EAndroidRuntime907  at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pa hrefhttpswww.dropbox.comslgvpp04avoum7s9step1.png relnofollowHeres the MainActivityap  pa hrefhttpswww.dropbox.comsdcsre65l0gqt8dsstep2.png relnofollowHeres the page3including page3a to page3d fragmentsap  pIve been stuck here for days. Any type of help is appreciated. Thanks in advancep
Negative 110 pSo here is a scenario I have a API written JS and exposed using nodejs on a server which I want to offer for use to different client on basis of private key signup. Need to record each GET request client wise in multi tennant fashion for billing and verify client should be using allowed sigup limit. p  pHow to achieve this using .p
Negative 110 pparseDateTime consistently returns a date about 23 days in the future. My local is Spain, so Im UTC2. Does anyone know why it would be doing this Im probably making an obvious mistake.p  pIm using Joda 2.2 and JavaSE 1.7.p  precodepublic class JodaTest  private static final String INPUTDATE  Monday, 03 Jun 2013 205420 0700  public static void mainString[] args      DateTimeFormatter dtf  DateTimeFormat.forPatternE, ee MMM YYYY HHmmss Z      DateTime dt  dtf.parseDateTimeINPUTDATE     displayResultsdt     dt  new DateTime     displayResultsdt   public static void displayResultsDateTime dt      System.out.printlnparsedDate   dt.toString  codepre  pp
Negative 110 pWhen I start my App, leave it running and come back to it later and tap the app icon I frequently get, Unfortunately,  has stopped.  I then run it again and it is fine.  At first I thought it was because of the Task Killer, but I removed it from the kill list and I still get it.  The debug dump is belowp  precode0604 150635.700 ETrace22780 error opening trace file No such file or directory 2 0604 150635.700 DActivityThread22780 setTargetHeapUtilization0.25 0604 150635.700 DActivityThread22780 setTargetHeapIdealFree8388608 0604 150635.700 DActivityThread22780 setTargetHeapConcurrentStart2097152 0604 150635.800 Dwebcoreglue22780 netstack Memory Cache feature is ON 0604 150635.820 ICordovaLog22780 Changing log level to DEBUG3 0604 150635.820 ICordovaLog22780 Found preference for useBrowserHistoryfalse 0604 150635.820 DCordovaLog22780 Found preference for useBrowserHistoryfalse 0604 150635.820 ICordovaLog22780 Found preference for exitonsuspendfalse 0604 150635.820 DCordovaLog22780 Found preference for exitonsuspendfalse 0604 150635.820 WCordovaWebView22780 useBrowserHistoryfalse is deprecated as of Cordova 2.2.0 and will be removed six months after the 2.2.0 release.  Please use the browser history and use history.back. 0604 150635.830 DJsMessageQueue22780 Set nativegtJS mode to 2 0604 150635.830 DDroidGap22780 DroidGap.init 0604 150635.840 DLMLC22780 After Restoring the state 0604 150635.840 DLMLC22780 In onRestoreInstanceState 0604 150635.840 DLMLC22780 After onRestoreInstanceState 0604 150635.840 DLMLC22780 After restoreState 0604 150635.840 DDroidGap22780 Resuming the App 0604 150635.860 DSoftKeyboardDetect22780 Ignore this event 0604 150635.880 DlibEGL22780 loaded systemlibegllibEGLadreno200.so 0604 150635.900 DlibEGL22780 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv1CMadreno200.so 0604 150635.900 DlibEGL22780 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv2adreno200.so 0604 150635.950 Vchromium22780 externalchromiumnethostresolverhelperhostresolverhelper.cc66 [0604150635INFOhostresolverhelper.cc66] DNSPreResolverInit got hostprovider0x4d125010 0604 150635.950 Vchromium22780 externalchromiumnetbasehostresolverimpl.cc1510 [0604150635INFOhostresolverimpl.cc1510] HostResolverImplSetPreresolver preresolver0x4be93670 0604 150635.950 DHostStatisticManager22780 netstack DNS Host Prioritization is ON, Version 5.0.1 0604 150635.970 D22780 dl error message Cannot load library loadlibrary[1093] Library libtcpfinaggr.so not found 0604 150635.970 DSocketPool22780 Failed to create TCP Fin Aggregation interface. 0604 150635.970 DSocketPool22780 netstack CloseUnusedSockets is ON 0604 150635.970 DSocketPool22780 netstack system net.statistics value 0 0604 150635.970 DSocketPool22780 Failed to create TCP Fin Aggregation interface. 0604 150635.970 DSocketPool22780 netstack CloseUnusedSockets is ON 0604 150635.970 DSocketPool22780 netstack system net.statistics value 0 0604 150635.970 D22780 externalchromiumnethttphttpgetzipfactory.cc Failed to construct GETzip manager, didnt find the library 0604 150635.980 IAdreno200EGLSUB22780 ltConfigWindowMatch2087gt Format RGBA8888. 0604 150636.081 E22780 lts3dReadConfigFile75gt Cant open file for reading 0604 150636.081 E22780 lts3dReadConfigFile75gt Cant open file for reading 0604 150636.081 DOpenGLRenderer22780 Enabling debug mode 0 0604 150636.171 DDroidGap22780 onMessageonPageStarted,fileandroidassetwwwindex.html 0604 150636.181 DSoftKeyboardDetect22780 Ignore this event 0604 150636.321 Dnetstack22780 netstack Request Priority is ON 0604 150636.641 Dchromium22780 Unknown chromium error 6 0604 150636.941 DCordova22780 onPageFinishedfileandroidassetwwwindex.html 0604 150636.941 DAndroidRuntime22780 Shutting down VM 0604 150636.941 Wdalvikvm22780 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x40d01438 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780 java.lang.NullPointerException 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at java.lang.String.indexOfString.java994 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebView.loadUrlNowCordovaWebView.java517 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebView.loadUrlCordovaWebView.java402 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at org.apache.cordova.CordovaWebViewClient.onPageFinishedCordovaWebViewClient.java298 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at android.webkit.CallbackProxy.handleMessageCallbackProxy.java327 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5021 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java789 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java556 0604 150636.951 EAndroidRuntime22780    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0604 150638.603 Vchromium22780 externalchromiumnetdiskcachehostrespluginbridge.cc52 [0604150638INFOhostrespluginbridge.cc52] StatHubCreateHostResPlugin initializing... 0604 150638.603 Vchromium22780 externalchromiumnetdiskcachehostrespluginbridge.cc57 [0604150638INFOhostrespluginbridge.cc57] StatHubCreateHostResPlugin lib loaded 0604 150638.603 Vchromium22780 externalchromiumnetdiskcachehostrespluginbridge.cc63 [0604150638INFOhostrespluginbridge.cc63] StatHubCreateHostResPlugin plugin connected 0604 150638.603 Vchromium22780 externalchromiumnethttphttpcache.cc1168 [0604150638INFOhttpcache.cc1168] HttpCacheOnBackendCreated HostStat created 0604 150638.603 Echromium22780 externalchromiumnetdiskcachestathub.cc216 [0604150638ERRORstathub.cc216] StatHubInit  App com.lmlc.lawnpro isnt supported. 0604 150638.633 Vchromium22780 externalchromiumnetdiskcachehostrespluginbridge.cc73 [0604150638INFOhostrespluginbridge.cc73] netstack Failed to find symbols in plugin libdnshostprio.so 0604 150638.633 Echromium22780 externalchromiumnetdiskcachestathub.cc216 [0604150638ERRORstathub.cc216] StatHubInit  App com.lmlc.lawnpro isnt supported. 0604 150638.633 D22780 netstack Early Connections is ON, Version 5.0.1, Param 3 codepre  pJava Codep  precode  package com.lmlc.lawnpro    import org.apache.cordova.DroidGap   import android.os.Bundle   import android.util.Log   import android.view.Menu   import android.webkit.WebView    public class MainActivity extends DroidGap         private JavascriptInterface jSInterface       protected WebView webView       Override      public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         super.init         jSInterface  new JavascriptInterfacethis, appView         appView.addJavascriptInterfacejSInterface, JICls           setContentViewR.layout.activitymain            ifsavedInstanceState  null  savedInstanceState.isEmpty                     super.loadUrlfileandroidassetwwwindex.html            Log.dLMLCPro, super.loadUrl                    else                       this.appView.restoreStatesavedInstanceState            Log.dLMLC, After Restoring the state                   setContentViewR.layout.activitymain          super.loadUrlfileandroidassetwwwindex.html             Override      protected void onSaveInstanceStateBundle outState                Log.dLMLC, In onSaveInstanceState         super.onSaveInstanceStateoutState          Log.dLMLC, After onSaveInstanceState          this.appView.saveStateoutState          Log.dLMLC, After saveState             outState.putBooleanMyBoolean, true             outState.putDoublemyDouble, 1.9             outState.putIntMyInt, 1             outState.putStringMyString, Welcome back to Android               Override      protected void onRestoreInstanceStateBundle savedInstanceState                Log.dLMLC, In onRestoreInstanceState          super.onRestoreInstanceStatesavedInstanceState          Log.dLMLC, After onRestoreInstanceState          Restore the state of the WebView          this.appView.restoreStatesavedInstanceState          Log.dLMLC, After restoreState                Override       public void onResume            super.onResume           this.appView.handleResumetrue, false                 Override       public void onPause            super.onPause           String url  this.appView.peekAtUrlStack           this.appView.handlePausetrue            Bundle out  new Bundle           this.appView.saveStateout           out.putStringurl, url            saveToPreferencesout                Override       public void onStop            super.onStop              Override       public void onDestroy            super.onDestroy               Override      public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.activitymain, menu         return true              public class JavascriptInterface             private WebView mAppView           private MainActivity mGap            public JavascriptInterfaceMainActivity gap, WebView view                          mAppView  view             mGap  gap                           codepre
Negative 110 pMy new application is hosted on heroku. I noticed that it works fine on heroku without https. But when i try it on facebook it doesnt work.p  pWhats going on p  pThanks for your help.p
Negative 110 pI have an integer that is being added dynamically into a form, the initial form is loaded with template variables.p  pThe section I want to convert is a the templateparent, I am aware the .replace is responsible for returning the string but is it possible to convert this to an integer and have it retained within the innerHTMLp  precodevar number  parseIntpVal var ts  t  new Date.getTime var templatedocument.getElementByIdakSelectValueWrapTemplate  var newRowEldocument.createElementdiv newRowEl.innerHTMLtemplate.innerHTML.replacetemplatecleanig,ts.replacetemplateparentig,number.replacetemplateig,val newRowEl.idakSelectValueWrapts newRowEl.classNameakSelectValueWrap attributeValuesWrap.appendnewRowEl  codepre  pI thought I might be able to use php and intval with the value, however when turned into an integer, it becomes 0p  pMy php section starts, p  precodeif v  TEMPLATE      akSelectParentValue  TEMPLATEPARENT     akSelectValueID  TEMPLATECLEAN     akSelectValue  TEMPLATE  else      if vgtgetSelectAttributeOptionTemporaryID  false          akSelectValueID  vgtgetSelectAttributeOptionTemporaryID      else          akSelectValueID  vgtgetSelectAttributeOptionID          akSelectParentValue  vgtgetSelectAttributeOptionParentValue     akSelectValue  vgtgetSelectAttributeOptionValue   ifakSelectParentValuegt0     do stuff else     come back as string when new,     vardumpakSelectParentValue     string15 135  codepre  pEdit I have just realised that the string15 is the string length of the original value not the Parent ID, can I delay this function of pass through the amended variable once the replacement has been done.p  pEdit2 I am doing this within concrete 5 and have created a new attribute, that allows the choice of a parent category for each option added.p
Negative 110 pIm currently working on a project which necessits to import into Neo4j datas from website created with Joomlajomsocial.p  pI use triplify to generate a rdf file containing some triples. Triples are on the following form  lt lt lt . You can visualize the file a hrefhttptheprecursor.voila.netrdf.txt relnofollowhereap  pI would like to import directly this file. I guess its possible because this file describes the graph.p
Negative 110 pIm developing an Android application which uses a native library .so.  I use codeSystem.loadcode to load it and I add a JNI jar file to the classPath to make many references to an object created in my library.  The problem is, when my application is in background, Android removes all references to library object all references are a static variable pointed to object in C lib, so the application crashes when resuming.p  pCan anyone help me pleasep  pNB I have an exception codeUnsatisfiedLinkErrorcode.p
Negative 110 precode weak NSString strin  [[NSString alloc] initWithFormathey]       NSLogweak ,strin returns weak null  weak NSString strin hey  NSLogweak ,strin returns weak hey codepre  pWhat is the difference between both the snippets. Why the second is returning the value when weak is assigned p
Negative 110 pI want to cut a string and take what is before a certain word and what is after a certain word.p  pExamplep  precodeDim string As String  Dr. John Smith 123 Main Street 12345 Dim cutat As String  Smith Dim stringbefore, stringafter As String  cutting code here  stringbefore  Dr. John  stringafter   123 Main Street 12345 codepre  pHow would I do this in vb.netp
Negative 110 pThe list size in controller is getting 0. The JS file is simply submitting the form, jsp file is iterating the list of hashMap which is getting populated on page load, and third one is the controller receiving the list after the submit button has been clicked in jsp page.p  precodeJS file  function getFormDetails  document.forms[0].actionrequestPathadminupdateInterfaceParams.do  document.forms[0].submit   JSP file ltformform methodpost cssStylefloatleftgt ltcforEach varlist itemsmanageInterfaceList  varStatusstatgt    ltcforEach varentry itemslistgt     ltcif testentry.key eq Agt     ltinput typehidden nameinterfaceList[stat.index].key                         valueentry.key gt     ltspangtKeyltspangt     ltinput typetext idkeyAjax nameinterfaceList[stat.index].value        valueentry.valuegt     ltcifgt     ltbr gt     ltcif testentry.key eq Bgt     ltinput typehidden nameinterfaceList[stat.index].key       valueentry.key gt     ltspangtPasswordltspangt     ltinput typetext idpassword     nameinterfaceList[stat.index].value valueentry.value gt     ltbr gt     ltcifgt     ltcforEachgt     ltcforEachgt      ltspangtltinput typebutton             nameSubmit valueSubmit onclickgetFormDetailsgtltspangt     ltformformgt     Controller  RequestMappingvalue  updateInterfaceParams.do             public ModelAndView updateInterfaceParamsHttpServletRequest request, ModelAttribute ArrayListltHashMapltString,Stringgtgt manageInterfaceList                   ModelMap modelMap  new ModelMap                 try                      System.out.printlnmanageInterfaceList.size                  catch Exception e                       modelMap.addAttributeerrorMessage,e.getMessage                                   return new ModelAndViewmanageinterface, modelMap              codepre  pAny suggestions regarding why the list size is coming as 0 and how to get list elements in controller.p
Negative 110 precodeRow 1  2013                2014                 Row 2  1   2   3   4   5   1   2   3   4   5 codepre  pI have these two rows in excel the second row is actually the no of week in the year two merged cells in row 1 and 10 cells in row 2. Sorry I dont know how to format it nicely herep  pThe criteria is as follow. There is a cell, say cell C1, to indicate the year, and another cell C2 to indicate the no of the week. My question is that how can i get excel to automatically select a cell in row 2 matching the criteria stated in cell C1 and cell C2 Cell C1 and C2 are inputs by user. p  pI hope its understandable, I have tried to explain it as clear as possible but please let me know if the question is not clear. This is all done in Excel.p  pAppreciate any kind answer to my problem above. Thanks. p
Negative 110 pIm trying to configure NHibernates 2nd level cache. I want to configure by code and not use xml configuration Ive followed most of the tutorial but I cant seem to translate this xml configuration in codep  precodeltsyscachegt     ltcache regionLongTerm expiration180 priority5 gt     ltcache regionShortTerm expiration60 priority3 gt ltsyscachegt codepre  pHow can I configure the syscache region and expiration settings using codep
Negative 110 pAs a guitarist I have always wanted to develop my own recording, mixing software. I have some experience in Direct Sound, Windows Multimedia waveOutOpen, etc. I realise that this will be a complex project, but is purely for my own use and learning, i.e. no deadlines I intend to use C but as yet am unsure as the best SDKAPI to use. I want the software to be extensible as I may wish to add effects in the future. A few prerequisites...p  ol liTo run on Windows XPli liMinimal latencyli liVU meter on all tracks This caused me to shy away from Direct Sound as there doesnt appear to be a way to read audio data from the primary buffer.li liOverdubbing i.e. record a new track whilst playing existing tracks.li liInclude a metronomeli ol  pMy initial thoughts are to use WMM and use the waveOutWrite function to play audio data. I guess this is essentially an audio streaming player. To try and keep things simpler, I will hardcode the sample rate to 16bit, 44.1kHZ the best sampling rate my sound card supports. What I need are some ideas, guidance on an overall architecture.p  pFor example, assume my tempo is 60 BPM and time signature is 44. I want the metronome to play a click at the start of every barmeasure. Now assume that I have recorded a rhythm track. Upon playback I need to orchestrate pun intended what data is sent to the primary sound buffer. I may also, at some point, want to add instruments, drums mainly. Again, I need to know how to send the correct audio data, at the correct time to the primary audio buffer. I appreciate timing is key here. What I am unsure of is how to grab correct data from individual tracks to send to the primary sound buffer.p  pMy initial thoughts are to have a timing thread which periodically asks each track, I need data to cover N milliseconds of play. Where N depends upon the primary buffer size.p  pI appreciate that this is a complex question, I just need some guidance as to how I might approach some of the above problems.p  pAn additional question is WMM or DirectSound better suited for my needs. Maybe even ASIO However, the main question is how, using a streaming mechanism, do I gather the correct track data from multiple tracks to send to a primary buffer, and keep minimal latencyp  pAny help is appreciated,p  pMany thanksp  pKarlp  pThanks for the responses. However, my main question is how to time all of this, to ensure that each track writes appropriate data to the primary buffer, at the correct time. I am of course open to free libraries that will help me achieve my main goals.p
Negative 110 pim coding a project using various classes, but i got stuck when i press a button which call my main menu, heres my resumed codep  pMy main classp  precodepublic static void mainString[] args       SwingUtilities.invokeLaternew Runnable          Dimension res  Toolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getScreenSize  public void run      Principal frame  new PrincipalProgram      frame.setSizeres.width,res.height      frame.setResizablefalse      frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE      frame.setUndecoratedtrue      frame.setVisibletrue        codepre  pNow, my principalp  precode public class Principal extends JFrame implements ActionListener         private DetallesPrincipal DetallesPrincipal       private ClientesNuevo ClientesNuevo       private ClientesModificar ClientesModificar       Container p       private static final long serialVersionUID  1L       final JMenuItem Clientes1,Clientes2,Clientes3       final JMenuBar MenuBarMain  new JMenuBar   public Principal String titulo        supertitulo             setLayoutnew BorderLayout        final JMenuBar MenuBarMain  new JMenuBar          MenuBarMain.setBackgroundnew Color177,178,182        final JMenu MenuMainClientes          MenuMainClientes  new JMenuClientes                DetallesPrincipal  new DetallesPrincipal             ClientesNuevo  new ClientesNuevo                     p  getContentPane                  MenuBarMain.addMenuMainClientes                  Clientes1  new JMenuItemNueva ficha                      MenuMainClientes.addClientes1                              Clientes1.addActionListenerthis                  p.addMenuBarMain, BorderLayout.PAGESTART                  p.addDetallesPrincipal, BorderLayout.CENTER              Override      public void actionPerformedActionEvent e           if e.getSourceClientes1              p.removeAll              p.repaint              p.addClientesNuevo, BorderLayout.CENTER              p.revalidate              p.repaint          codepre  pMy ClientesNuevop  precodepublic class ClientesNuevo extends JPanel implements ActionListener       private static final long serialVersionUID  1L      DetallesPrincipal m      GridBagConstraints gc  new GridBagConstraints  public ClientesNuevo        Dimension size  getPreferredSize         size.width  250          setPreferredSizesize          setBackgroundnew Color111,114,123          TitledBorder Principal2  BorderFactory.createTitledBorderTe encuentras en clientes          Principal2.setTitleColornew Color100,100,100          Principal2.setTitleFontnew FontArial,0,24          Principal2.setTitlePositionTitledBorder.BOTTOM          Principal2.setTitleJustificationTitledBorder.LEFT          setBorderPrincipal2       JLabel Titulo1  new JLabelNueva ficha cliente          Titulo1.setFontnew FontTahoma,0,36      JLabel Nombre  new JLabelNombreRazn social       JLabel Apellidos  new JLabelApellidos       JLabel Cif  new JLabelCIFDNI       JLabel Poblacion  new JLabelPoblacin       JLabel Provincia  new JLabelProvincia      JLabel Cpostal  new JLabelCdigo postal      JLabel Telefono  new JLabelTelfono      JLabel Movil  new JLabelMvil      JLabel Notas  new JLabelNotas       JTextField NombreText  new JTextField25      JTextField ApellidosText  new JTextField25      JTextField CifText  new JTextField15      JTextField PoblacionText  new JTextField15      JTextField ProvinciaText  new JTextField20      JTextField CpostalText  new JTextField15      JTextField TelefonoText  new JTextField20      JTextField MovilText  new JTextField20      JTextField NotasText  new JTextField30       JButton Aceptar  new JButtonAceptar      JButton Cancelar  new JButtonCancelar          Aceptar.addActionListenerthis       setLayoutnew GridBagLayout          GridBagConstraints gc  new GridBagConstraints               gc.gridx  0              gc.gridy  0              gc.weighty  1              addTitulo1, gc               gc.anchor  GridBagConstraints.LINESTART              gc.gridx  0              gc.gridy  1              addNombre, gc               gc.gridx  1              gc.gridy  1              addNombreText, gc               gc.gridx  0              gc.gridy  2              addApellidos, gc              gc.anchor  GridBagConstraints.LINESTART              gc.gridx  1              gc.gridy  2              addApellidosText, gc               gc.anchor  GridBagConstraints.LINESTART              gc.weightx  1              gc.weighty  1              gc.gridx  0              gc.gridy  3              addCif, gc               gc.anchor  GridBagConstraints.LINESTART              gc.gridx  1              gc.gridy  3              addCifText, gc              gc.gridx  0              gc.gridy  4              addPoblacion, gc               gc.gridx  1              gc.gridy  4              addPoblacionText, gc              gc.gridx  2              gc.gridy  4              addProvincia, gc              gc.gridx  2             gc.gridy  7              addAceptar, gc              gc.gridx  3             gc.gridy  7              addCancelar, gc      public void actionPerformedActionEvent e                  removeAll                 repaint                  m  new DetallesPrincipal              addm,gc              revalidate              repaint              codepre  pWell, sorry for that walltext, but i am pretty lost, i just want call to my components of my DetallesPrincipal class, whats the better option to manage a program like thisp
Negative 110 pI have few tables in my database. They all have the same columns id, name but differ in the table name. Those tables have names that start with letter h.br Not a very interesting schema design but I have to follow it.br I need to search for id in all those tables.p  pI tried something similar top  precodeselect id from select tablename  FROM informationschema.tables  where tablename like h as t codepre  pI got errorp  precodeERROR  column id does not exist. codepre  pI understand the error now but I still do not know how to do the queryp
Negative 110 pI have the following codep  pre classlangvb prettyprintoverridecodeFunction filejsonjson    Dim objStream, strData    Set objStream  CreateObjectADODB.Stream    objStream.CharSet  utf8    objStream.Open    objStream.LoadFromFilejson    strData  objStream.ReadText    filejson  strData  End Function  Function http2jsonurl    Set http  CreateObjectMicrosoft.XmlHttp    http.open GET, url, FALSE   http.send                                    lt Line 13   http2jsonhttp.responseText  End Function  Function str2jsonjson,value    Set scriptControl  CreateObjectMSScriptControl.ScriptControl    scriptControl.Language  JScript    scriptControl.AddCodexamp json amp     str2json scriptControl.Eval xamp value   End Function  Function getjsonfromfilejson,value    getjsonfromfilestr2jsonfilejsonjson,value  End Function  Function getjsonfromhttpurl,value    getjsonfromhttpstr2jsonhttp2jsonurl,value  End Function  Function savejsonfromhttpurl,loc    Set fso  CreateObjectScripting.FileSystemObject    fullpath  fso.GetAbsolutePathNameloc    Dim objStream, strData    Set objStream  CreateObjectADODB.Stream    objStream.CharSet  utf8    objStream.Open    objStream.WriteText http2jsonurl    objStream.SaveToFile fullpath, 2    savejsonfromhttpfullpath  End Function Wscript.Echo savejsonfromhttphttpapi.themoviedb.org3authenticationsessionnewapikeysomeapikeyexampleamprequesttokensomedefaultrequesttokenampctimejson1372670635.164760555,tmdbtemptmdbsockw.164519518.2109 codepre  pWhen I run this code, I get the following error.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVHxx6.png altVBs msxml3.dll Errorp  pIf I remove codeamprequesttokensomedefaultrequesttokencode it works just fine.p  pI also tried this I added again the coderequesttokencode, and I just typed a random character in it, for example, coderexfuesttokencode, and strangely it worked. It seems theres a wrong parse in msxml3.dll. with requesttoken word.p  pIdeasp
Negative 110 pI installed a Facebook Like button in each of the items sold in a website. I was expecting that, when a user would click on Like item ABC, then his Facebook would post the link to such item and one of the items pictures. However, it is just posting the main websites picture although the link refers to item ABC as expected.p  pHow could I get the link to post the picture of the specific item that has been likedp  pHere is the codep  precodeltdiv classfblikeitemsgt     ltdiv classfblike datahrefhttpwww.AAAAAAA.esstoreitemsDescr.phpitemIdltitemIdgt datasendfalse datalayoutbuttoncount datawidth100 datashowfacestrue datafontsegoe uigtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 110 pIm playing around with making a random recipe collection app. Now I came across a problem at the moment I have designed it with my mobiles resolution in mind. But what if the app is used on a device with larger resolution eg. a tablet.p  pWhat I want to achieve is that I want the buttons to grow shrink depending on the resolution. For example when holding my phone vertically, there are 2 columns of buttons. When holding it horizontally, there still are 2 columns, but the view gets wider. Then there should be 4 columns to fill as much of the white space as possible.p  pTwo pictures to illustrate my thoughtsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGp8js.png altvertical  emverticalemp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com47k5q.png althorizontal emhorizontal with 2 more columnsemp  pMy codep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidbackgroundffcc33 androidorientationvertical androidpaddingTop10dp androidpaddingLeft10dp androidpaddingRight10dp gt  ltLinearLayout androidorientationhorizontal     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidweightSum1000 gt      ltEditText         androidididsearchbox         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutgravityleft         androidlayoutweight1000         androidems5         androidhintstringsearchhint gt      ltButton         androidididsearchbutton         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutgravityright         androidtextstringsearchbutton gt  ltLinearLayoutgt  ltScrollView androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent gt  ltLinearLayout     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidgravitycenter gt      ltRelativeLayout         androidlayoutwidth225dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutbelowidsearchbox         androidlayoutgravitycenter         androidlayoutmarginTop15dp gt          ltButton             androidididbtnlihatoidud             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidbackgroundandroidcolortransparent             androiddrawableTopdrawablelihatoidud             androidlayoutalignParentToptrue             androidtextLihatoidud             androidtextSize18sp gt          ltButton             androidididbtnkypsetised             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutbelowidbtnlihatoidud             androidlayoutmarginTop15dp             androidbackgroundandroidcolortransparent             androiddrawableTopdrawablekypsetised             androidtextKpsetised             androidtextSize18sp gt          ltButton             androidididbtnseenetoidud             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutbelowidbtnkypsetised             androidlayoutmarginTop15dp             androidbackgroundandroidcolortransparent             androiddrawableTopdrawableseenetoidud             androidtextSeenetoidud             androidtextSize18sp gt          ltButton             androidididbtnjuustutoidud             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutbelowidbtnseenetoidud             androidlayoutmarginTop15dp             androidbackgroundandroidcolortransparent             androiddrawableTopdrawablejuustutoidud             androidtextJuustutoidud             androidtextSize18sp gt          ltButton             androidididbtnlisandid             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutbelowidbtnjuustutoidud             androidlayoutmarginTop15dp             androidbackgroundandroidcolortransparent             androiddrawableTopdrawablelisandid             androidtextLisandid             androidtextSize18sp gt          ltButton             androidididbtnsupid             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue             androidbackgroundandroidcolortransparent             androiddrawableTopdrawablesupid             androidtextSupid             androidtextSize18sp gt          ltButton             androidididbtnvoileivad             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue             androidlayoutbelowidbtnsupid             androidlayoutmarginTop15dp             androidbackgroundandroidcolortransparent             androiddrawableTopdrawablevoileivad             androidtextVileivad             androidtextSize18sp gt          ltButton             androidididbtnpudrud             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue             androidlayoutbelowidbtnvoileivad             androidlayoutmarginTop15dp             androidbackgroundandroidcolortransparent             androiddrawableTopdrawablepudrud             androidtextPudrud             androidtextSize18sp gt          ltButton             androidididbtnjoogid             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue             androidlayoutbelowidbtnpudrud             androidlayoutmarginTop15dp             androidbackgroundandroidcolortransparent             androiddrawableTopdrawablejoogid             androidtextJoogid             androidtextSize18sp gt      ltRelativeLayoutgt ltLinearLayoutgt ltScrollViewgt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre
Negative 110 pI did a codegit svn rebasecode and I got thisp  precoder58087  a2530aabd7ce119d35f63954e075b1c86067809d refsremotesgitsvn  RA layer request failed REPORT request failed on svnpathtorepo REPORT of default Could not read chu nk delimiter Secure connection truncated httpssvn.local at usrlibperl5siteperlGitSVNRa.pm line 282 codepre  pEverytime I do a codegit svn rebasecode again I get p  precodeIndex mismatch 4c97d1eea751f79ddf4e58f48f41e89dc8d254bd  35962f4b5051693558a975b48ff903f061908235 rereading a2530aabd7ce119d35f63954e075b1c86067809d codepre  pI cant update my codegitsvncode repository, anyone know what to do I also did a codegit reflogcode and reverted to the version I was before the first codegit svn rebasecode and I get the same thing.p  pPlease helpp
Negative 110 pIm trying to find selected people in an array. Im correctly getting where no one is selected, however, if one person in a group is selected, all people in the group are selected. p  pAfter a long headscratching session, I could use some help to see if there is something obvious.p  pThis action is going on in codecellForRowAtIndexPathcode like thisp  precode UITableViewCell tableViewUITableView aTableView cellForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath      NSLogs, FUNCTION     static NSString pCell  Cell      PeopleCell cell  PeopleCell [aTableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierpCell]      if cell  nil          cell  [[PeopleCell alloc] initWithStyleUITableViewCellStyleDefault reuseIdentifierpCell]           people  [peopleArray objectAtIndex[indexPath row]]     NSString text  [people objectForKeyname]     cell.textLabel.text  text      if selectedPeopleinGroup.count  0          no people selected in this group         NSLognone         cell.isSelected  [selectedPeopleinGroup containsObjecttext]  NO             else          there are some people in this group  find out who they are         NSLogsome         NSString key1    [selectedPeopleinGroup valueForKeypersonKey]         NSString key2  [people valueForKeypersonKey]          NSLog key1 , key1          NSLog key2 , key2           if key1  key2              cell.isSelected  [selectedPeople containsObjecttext]  YES          else              cell.isSelected  [selectedPeople containsObjecttext]  NO                     return cell   codepre  pThe cell is a subclassed UITableViewCell that has a checkmark image on the left side of the cell if selected and a different image if not selected. Many thanks.p
Negative 110 pI have a four libraries where each has a different selection of a sett of programs. Unfortunately i cannot delete the unused programs in the library with SQL, since i need to retire them so they dont stay on our clients servers. p  pIs there a way to make a CL program for this Our senior programmer says that it cant be done, but i want to explore every possibility before being forced to manually retire 2300 objects. p  pIt is originally a function within Aldon change management software and I do have a SQL query for selecting the objects needed.    p
Negative 110 pHow can i start a new intent on popupmenu item click. Following is the code that i have triedp  precodepublic class Profile extends Fragment      public Profile        View vi     public static final String ARGSECTIONNUMBER  sectionnumber      Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,             Bundle savedInstanceState          vi  inflater.inflateR.layout.profile, container, false         TextView iv  TextView vi.findViewByIdR.id.btnprofilesettings          iv.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  PopupMenu homepopup  new PopupMenugetActivity, v                 MenuInflater inflater  homepopup.getMenuInflater                 inflater.inflateR.menu.accountsettings, homepopup.getMenu                  homepopup.show                               return vi       codepre  pAny ideasp  pThanks,p
Negative 110 pI am trying to learn php today and I on the part of experimenting. I encountered problem using the drop down list, if and else and the function.p  pIts seems that its not working. I have no idea how to debug it. What Im trying to do is that when the user selects employed, it will simply return a Do THIS text. but if the user selects any of the 3 self employed, Voluntary member amp OFW, it will display DO THAT. p  pIts really simple but i cant get it work, i just started php 6 hours ago. p  pPlease helpp  precodeltform methodPOSTgt  Salary ltinput idsalarytext typetext namesalary onkeypressreturn isNumberKeyeventgtltbrgt  Membership Type ltselect namemembershiptypegt         ltoption valueemployedgtEmployedltoptiongt         ltoption valueSEgtSelf Employedltoptiongt         ltoption valueVMgtVoluntary Memberltoptiongt         ltoption valueOFWgtOFWltoptiongt ltselectgt  ltbrgt  ltinput typesubmit gt   ltformgt   ltphp a  issetPOST[salary]  POST[salary]   b  issetPOST[membershiptype]  POST[membershiptype]    function employed           if empty a echo          elseif alt10000 a  2.0         elseif alt20000 a  2.3         elseif alt30000 a  2.7         elseif agt30000 a  3.0    function sevmofw          if empty a echo          elseif alt10000  a  1.3         elseif alt20000  a  1.5         elseif alt30000  a  1.8         elseif agt30000  a  2.0     if  POST[membershiptype]  employed employed  elseif  POST[membershiptype]  SE sevmofw  elseif  POST[membershiptype]  VM sevmofw  elseif  POST[membershiptype]  OFW sevmofw   gt codepre  pHeres a flowchart of what im trying to do.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.combYFHM.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pIn Django 1.4 and above p  blockquote   pThere is a new file called codeapp.pycode in every django application. It defines the scope of the app and some initials required when loaded.p blockquote  pWhy dont they use codeinit.pycode for the purpose Any advantage over codeinit.pycode approach Can you link to some official documentation for the samep
Negative 110 pIn order to attempt to get around the problem I outline in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq17537276626442Binding Selected RowCount to TextBlock not Firing OnPropertyChanged after DataGrid Scrolla namely updating a codeTextBlockcode with the currently selected row count of a codeDataGridcode when it scrolls. I have attempted to introduce the codeAttachedCommandBehaviourcode designed by Marlon Grech [an amazing class structure that allows you to bind commands to specific events of a given control].p  pNow for the question, using this codeAttachedCommandBehaviourcode, how can I get a codeTextBlockcode to update based upon a codeDataGridcodes codeSelectionChangedPropertycodep  pThe XMAL is p  precodeltWindow xClassResourceStudio.Views.AddCultureWindow         xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation         xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml         xmlnsviewModelsclrnamespaceResourceStudio.ViewModels          xmlnsconvertersclrnamespaceResourceStudio.Converters          xmlnsdataAccessclrnamespaceResourceStudio.DataAccess          xmlnsattachedCommandclrnamespaceAttachedCommandBehaviorassemblyAttachedCommandBehavior         TitleAdd Culture          Height510 Width400          WindowStartupLocationCenterOwner          VerticalContentAlignmentStretch          MinWidth380 MinHeight295gt    ltDockPanel HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretchgt       ltGridgt          ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt             ltRowDefinition Heightgt             ltRowDefinition Height24gt          ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt           ltGridgt             ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                ltColumnDefinition Width15gt                ltColumnDefinition Width377gt                ltColumnDefinition Width15gt             ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt             ltGrid Grid.Column1gt                ltGridgt                   ltGrid.Resourcesgt                      ltconvertersEnumToBooleanConverter xKeyenumToBooleanConvertergt                      ltStyle xKeyHyperlinkButton TargetTypeButtongt                         ltSetter PropertyTemplategt                            ltSetter.Valuegt                               ltControlTemplate TargetTypeButtongt                                  ltContentPresentergt                               ltControlTemplategt                            ltSetter.Valuegt                         ltSettergt                      ltStylegt                   ltGrid.Resourcesgt                   ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt                      ltRowDefinition HeightAutogt                      ltRowDefinition Height1gt                      ltRowDefinition HeightAutogt                      ltRowDefinition HeightAutogt                      ltRowDefinition HeightAutogt                   ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt                   ltGroupBox HeaderFilters Grid.Row0 Margin0,0,0,5gt                      ltStackPanel VerticalAlignmentTopgt                         ltStackPanel OrientationHorizontal HorizontalAlignmentLeft Margin2,2,2,2gt                            ltRadioButton ContentAll Cultures Margin10,5,10,5                                          HorizontalAlignmentLeft                                          IsCheckedBinding SelectedFilterType,                                                      ConverterStaticResource enumToBooleanConverter,                                                      ConverterParameterAllCulturesgt                            ltRadioButton ContentNeutral Cultures Margin10,5,10,5                                          HorizontalAlignmentLeft                                          IsCheckedBinding SelectedFilterType,                                                      ConverterStaticResource enumToBooleanConverter,                                                      ConverterParameterNeutralCulturesgt                            ltRadioButton ContentSpecific Cultures Margin10,5,10,5                                          HorizontalAlignmentLeft                                          IsCheckedBinding SelectedFilterType,                                                      ConverterStaticResource enumToBooleanConverter,                                                      ConverterParameterSpecificCulturesgt                         ltStackPanelgt                         ltGridgt                            ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                               ltColumnDefinition WidthAutogt                               ltColumnDefinition Widthgt                            ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                            ltLabel ContentLanguage Grid.Column0gt                            ltTextBox HorizontalAlignmentStretch Grid.Column1                                      Margin2,0,2,0 Height22gt                         ltGridgt                      ltStackPanelgt                   ltGroupBoxgt                   ltDataGrid xNamecultureDataGrid Grid.Row1 AlternatingRowBackgroundGainsboro AlternationCount2                              HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretch                              AutoGenerateColumnsFalse RowHeaderWidth0 IsReadOnlyTrue                             CanUserAddRowsFalse CanUserDeleteRowsFalse SelectionModeExtended                              EnableRowVirtualizationTrue EnableColumnVirtualizationTrue                              ItemsSourceBinding Cultures, NotifyOnSourceUpdatedTrue, UpdateSourceTriggerPropertyChanged, IsAsyncTruegt                      ltDataGrid.Columnsgt                         ltDataGridTextColumn HeaderCode BindingBinding Code IsReadOnlyTruegt                         ltDataGridTextColumn HeaderLanguage BindingBinding Language IsReadOnlyTruegt                         ltDataGridTextColumn HeaderLocalName BindingBinding LocalName IsReadOnlyTruegt                      ltDataGrid.Columnsgt                       ltDataGrid.CellStylegt                         ltStyle TargetTypeDataGridCell BasedOnStaticResource xType DataGridCellgt                            ltStyle.Triggersgt                               ltTrigger PropertyIsSelected ValueTruegt                                  ltSetter PropertyBackground ValueFF007ACCgt                                  ltSetter PropertyForeground ValueWhitegt                               ltTriggergt                            ltStyle.Triggersgt                         ltStylegt                      ltDataGrid.CellStylegt                      ltDataGrid.RowStylegt                         ltStyle TargetTypeDataGridRowgt                            ltSetter PropertyIsSelected ValueBinding IsSelected, ModeTwoWay, IsAsyncTrue gt                         ltStylegt                      ltDataGrid.RowStylegt                   ltDataGridgt                   ltStackPanel Grid.Row2 HorizontalAlignmentRightgt                      ltButton Namebutton1 StyleStaticResource HyperlinkButton                               FocusableFalsegt                         ltTextBlockgt                             ltHyperlink FocusableFalsegt                                 Select All                             ltHyperlinkgt                         ltTextBlockgt                      ltButtongt                   ltStackPanelgt                   ltGroupBox Grid.Row3 HeaderOptionsgt                      ltCheckBox ContentCopy default values Margin3,3gt                   ltGroupBoxgt                   ltStackPanel Grid.Row4 OrientationHorizontal                                HorizontalAlignmentRight Margin0,2,0,2gt                      ltButton ContentSelect Width70 Height25                               Margin0,5,5,5 HorizontalAlignmentRight                               VerticalContentAlignmentCenter IsDefaultTruegt                      ltButton ContentCancel Width70 Height25                               Margin5,5,0,5 HorizontalAlignmentRight                               VerticalContentAlignmentCenter IsCancelTruegt                   ltStackPanelgt                ltGridgt             ltGridgt          ltGridgt           ltStatusBar Grid.Row1 Margin0,0.4,0.4,0.4gt             ltStatusBarItem DockPanel.DockLeft BackgroundFF007ACC Margin0,2,0,0gt                ltTextBlock TextBinding TotalSelectedCultures  Margin5,0,0,0 ForegroundWhitegt             ltStatusBarItemgt          ltStatusBargt       ltGridgt    ltDockPanelgt ltWindowgt codepre  pMy ViewModel is p  precodepublic class CultureDataViewModel  ViewModelBase      public FilterType SelectedFilterType  get private set      public ICollectionView CulturesView  get private set      public MultiSelectCollectionViewltCultureViewModelgt Cultures  get private set       public CultureDataViewModel              SelectedFilterType  FilterType.AllCultures         LoadCultures           void OnCultureViewModelPropertyChangedobject sender, PropertyChangedEventArgs e              string IsSelected  IsSelected         sender as CultureViewModel.VerifyPropertyNameIsSelected         if e.PropertyName  IsSelected             this.OnPropertyChangedTotalSelectedCultures           void OnCollectionChangedobject sender, NotifyCollectionChangedEventArgs e              if e.NewItems  null ampamp e.NewItems.Count  0             foreach CultureViewModel cultVm in e.NewItems                 cultVm.PropertyChanged  this.OnCultureViewModelPropertyChanged          if e.OldItems  null ampamp e.OldItems.Count  0             foreach CultureViewModel cultVm in e.OldItems                 cultVm.PropertyChanged  this.OnCultureViewModelPropertyChanged           public void LoadCultures               Fill the Culutres collection...           public string TotalSelectedCultures              get                      int selectedCultures  this.Cultures.SelectedItems.Count             return String.Format0n0 of 1n0 cultures selected,                                         selectedCultures,                                         Cultures.Count                codepre  pThe link to a downloadable example of the use of the codeAttachedCommandBehaviourcode is a hrefhttpsskydrive.live.comcid96f8d49aa44c79c1ampid96F8D49AA44C79C121233 relnofollowHerea. Your help is most appreciated...p
Negative 110 pi have a value like the following  code...Indiacode in this i want to remove code...code if it is exist in the value. p  pHow to do this using underscore.js or jquery or javascript p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI am facing some with a hrefhttpsgithub.comappuniteAndroidFFmpeg relnofollowandroidFfmpeg librarya on video seek.p  pCan anyone help me out on this reported issue. a hrefhttpsgithub.comappuniteAndroidFFmpegissues50 relnofollowjniplayerseek problemap
Negative 110 pI am currently testing a hrefhttpsmarvelution.atlassian.netwikidisplayJJIDocumentationHome relnofollowJenkins Plugin for JIRAa as an alternative to a hrefhttpwww.atlassian.comsoftwarebamboooverview relnofollowAtlassians Bambooa Continuous Integration tool for projects that I am working with. After reading documentation and creating some test project I managed to connect my Jira instance and my Hudson instance together. This is what I wanted to achieve initially sequence diagramp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcROu8.jpg altjirahudsonsvnintegrationp  pMain use casep  ol liUser creates an issue in JIRA ex. TST1li liUser resolves it after making some changes to the code. Resolution Delegate issue to Hudson CIli liUser commits changes to Subversion Commit message must contain issue code TST1 and Autobuild optionalli liBuild is triggered inside Hudson environment if Autobuild string is found in the commit messageli liHudson updates its copy of the projectli liHudson build the projectli liHudson updates corresponding issues TST1 on JIRA and resolves them leaving comment Resolved by Hudsonli ol  hr  pstrongThe actual problemstrongp  pIf I set access control in Hudson instance to Loggedin users can do anything, I can connect my Jira instance with Hudson instance. I mean that inside Jira in Jenkins Configuration i can see  of Last Builds But in case if I use Matrixbased security or Projectbased Matrix Authorization Strategy access control in Hudson, then I am not able to see  of Last Builds.p  pMore of the problem in screenshotsp  pstrongMatrixbased security Access Controlstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAATBo.png altHudson access control settingsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comnLU3B.png altHudson build historyp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.compMSxE.png altJira  of buildsp  pstrongLoggedin users can do anything Access Controlstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXYOyS.png altJira  of buildsp  hr  pI have tried to install a hrefhttpwiki.hudsonci.orgdisplayHUDSONRoleStrategyPlugin relnofollowRolebased Authorization Strategya plugin and made two groups Admin and Anonymous allowing everything for Admin user and nothing for anonymous, but the effect is the same  not able to see  of Last Builds in Jira instancep  pAfter every update in Hudson Security, i restart hudson and removeadd application links again from the beginning just in case..p  pDid anyone had similar problems while configuring this plugin If so, how did you manage to resolve this issuep  hr  pstrongP.S.strongp  pI do not want to use codeLoggedin users can do anythingcode access control setting, because in this mode Anonymous users will be able to get a lot of sensitive information just by browsing through my Hudson instancep  psWhile writing this question, I changed from version code1.1.2code to code1.0.1code because codev.1.0.1code seems to be working better for me.s Using version code1.1.4code a hrefhttpsmarvelution.atlassian.netwikidisplayJJIReleaseNotes relnofollowversions lista.p  pRegistered issue on marvelution a hrefhttpsmarvelution.atlassian.netbrowseJJI41 relnofollowhttpsmarvelution.atlassian.netbrowseJJI41ap  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  h2The new release 1.2.0 fixed this issue.h2  pWhat caused the problem p  blockquote   pa hrefhttpsmarvelution.atlassian.netbrowseJJI47focusedCommentId15340amppagecom.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels3acommenttabpanelcomment15340 relnofollowwhen the schedular was triggered the basic header was not addedap blockquote
Negative 110 pIm using the resource monitoring tool Munin. Version  1.4.6p  pToday Ive enabled the email alert function to receive a notification when a value is too high.p  pWith munin it is possible to set two levels of alerting. Warning or Criticalp  pIve configured the munin.conf file like thisp  precodecontact.scs.command mail s Munin notification varhost simondomain.net  [varnishserver01.domain.net]   address server01.domain.net   usenodename yes   cpu.iowait.warning 14   cpu.iowait.critical 17   cpu.contacts scs codepre  pWhen a performance value exceeds the defined maximum, a mail notification with the alert will be successfully send. p  pstrongNow to my Questionstrongp  pWould it be possible to send a critical notification to a different mail address than the warning notificationp  pUnfortunately I couldnt find anything at web.p  pIve already tried this, but it didnt work for mep  precodecontact.scs.command mail s Munin notification varhost simondomain.net contact.crit.command mail s Munin notification varhost criticaldomain.net  [varnishserver01.domain.net]   address server01.domain.net   usenodename yes   cpu.iowait.warning 14   cpu.iowait.critical 17   cpu.contacts scs   cpu.contacts.warning scs   cpu.contacts.critical crit codepre  pThanks for helpp
Negative 110 pIm trying to test something in JSFiddle but Im getting the above error.p  pThis is the HTMLp  precodelta onclickpopulatereturn false classpopulate hrefhellogtHelloltagt lta onclickpopulatereturn false classpopulate hrefhellogtOne Moreltagt lta onclickpopulatereturn false classpopulate hrefhellogtAnother Oneltagt lta onclickpopulatereturn false classpopulate hrefhellogtAnother Other Oneltagt codepre  pJavascriptp  precodefunction populate         var populate  document.getElementsByClassNamepopulate              forvar i0 i lt populate.length i                              var item  populate[i]                 item.addEventListenerclick, function                      var current  this.getAttributehref                     alertcurrent                 , false                      return false      codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netmsbodettijS5Fb1 relnofollowJSFIDDLE LINKap  pAny help or suggestions will be appreciatedp
Negative 110 pI have some websites on development and production separated by folders like localhostdemo1 localhostdemo2..demo3 and so on. p  pThe problem is my JS. Everytime I deploy them I have to change some paths on JS files, specially the ones that uses AJAX.p  pSuppose the code below is the URL parameter in jquery ajaxp  precodeon dev url demo1someaction.php  on prod url someaction.php codepre  pHow do you handle this on JSp
Negative 110 pI have been trying various means of doing this all day, and nothing has done the job yet. What I have is a text box that is part of a dynamically generated HTML table... users can add rows or delete them. In this instance I would like for users to be able to enter a value into the text box, and when the focus changes from the box to another part of the table I would like it to save the changed value in the place of the default value. No matter what I try the value always remains blank. Heres the dynamically generated table elementp  precodefunction ...       var addText  document.createElementinput             addText.setAttributetype,text             addText.setAttributename,comment             addText.setAttributeid,text             addText.setAttributevalue,             addText.setAttributeonblur,changeTextthis  ...  codepre  pand the function changeTextp  precodefunction changeText       var comment  getElementByIdtext.value      How to get it back   codepre  pI can see that the problem I think is that I am not getting codecommentcode back to correct spot in the calling function but the solution is eluding mep
Negative 110 pI have a helpSection that is displayed by default. When the user searches for results, the page reloads and the searchResults should be displayed where the help section is located and the help section set to displaynone. p  pI would like to have some jQuery that searches the page and determines if the helpSection is on the screen or not. If the searchResults are being displayed, the helpSection should disappear. p  pI have tried various methods and none of them worked. Any help would be greatly appreciated. p
Negative 110 pmy requirement is as follows 1 read an xml url and then search a specific value using a text box and then list all the occurrence of that text in parsed order p  pFor eg my API is as followsp  precodeltRecord1gt ltIDgt4ltIDgt ltNamegtABCDltNamegt ltNumberOfPositiongt1ltNumberOfPositiongt ltRategt0ltRategt ltSignalIDgt102288301ltSignalIDgt ltSignalTimegt20130716T235959.043ltSignalTimegt ltSignalTypegtCloseMarketOrderltSignalTypegt ltLossgt0ltLossgt ltSubNamegt78730843ltSubNamegt ltSystemIDgt720ltSystemIDgt ltSystemNamegtPassion 1ltSystemNamegt ltProfitrategt0ltProfitrategt ltRecord1gt  ltpre langHTMLgtltblockquote classFQgtltdiv classFQAgtQuoteltdivgtltRecord2gt ltIDgt4ltIDgt ltNamegtABCDltNamegt ltNumberOfPositiongt1ltNumberOfPositiongt ltRategt0ltRategt ltSignalIDgt102288301ltSignalIDgt ltSignalTimegt20130716T235959.043ltSignalTimegt ltSignalTypegtCloseMarketOrderltSignalTypegt ltLossgt0ltLossgt ltSubNamegt78730843ltSubNamegt ltSystemIDgt720ltSystemIDgt ltSystemNamegtPassion 1ltSystemNamegt ltProfitrategt0ltProfitrategt ltRecord2gt codepre  pand so on p  pI want to parse it likep  precodeID  4 Name  ABCD codepre  petc p  pand then search using a text box for eg codeName  ABCDcode so this search should check the all the occurrence  of ABCD in the codexmlcode and list the complete data related to the ABCD value in the codetext boxcode p  pPlese help p
Negative 110 pAfter watching this stronga hrefhttpwww.youtube.comwatchvcNo3DgKo3Ggampfeaturec4overviewamplistUUkQX1tChV7Z7l1LFF4L9jgamphd1 relnofollowexcellent video on google glassastrong and Rails development.  I learned sooo much about how to design and create for glass.  Being a new to Rails but getting my bearings I want to figure out how to invest my research time.  That being said, my questions is about optimizations between rails and native app engine supportp  pSince IO 2013 Google announced the huge overhaul to app engine.  Especially with the new support of PHP in app engine.  While I love Rails, its not far from from PHP  frameworks like Laravel other than the larger support of Rails.  Setting support aside and focusing on optimizations p  ul lipstrongwouldnt it be in the developers best interest to use app engine in the log run when developing for Google glassstrong pli lipstrongSeeing that app engine doesnt support rails would it not be advantageous to develop in native app engine languages such as php, go, java, python, google dartstrong pli ul  pemI have no idea why this would be faster other than maybe a less request.  But better is better at this point because Im so new to it all.em  p
Negative 110 pI have in my program custom property grid, where all properties are bindable from viewModel. In this property grid there are also 2 buttons  SaveBtn and EditBtn. bUser edit properties in property gridb. When SaveBtn is clicked, all properties must be saved in a database. If user wants to edit properties, he clicks EditBtn and then before saving properties to databaseSaveBtn is clicked, should appear new window, where user chooses a reason of modification of a properties. On that window there are also three buttons  ExitWithSavingToDatabase, ExitWithoutSavingToDatabase and Cancel.p  pIf user chooses Cancel, all changes should be canceled. But properties in viewModel already have new values. iMy question is  how can I reset properties to old values i I was thinking of reloading properties from database, but if there is a better solution, where I can do it without using databasep
Negative 110 pSo I have one simple problem but somehow doesnt seem to work. I have one URL codehttpwww.domain.com20axzz2ZX4J0KAScode which I want to redirect to codehttpwww.domain.compagename.htmcode. I have tried so many combinations in IIS URL Rewriteweb.config and they all seem to work inside test pattern dialog but none works in browsers.p  p1.p  precodeltrule nameRedirect20InHomePage enabledtrue stopProcessingtruegt     ltmatch url.domain.coms20. ignoreCasetrue gt     ltaction typeRedirect urlhttpwww.domain.compagename.htm gt ltrulegt codepre  p2.p  precode   ltmatch url.20. ignoreCasetrue gt codepre  p3.p  precode    ltmatch url.domain.com . ignoreCasetrue gt codepre  p4.p  precode   ltmatch url.domain.coms20. ignoreCasetrue gt codepre  pAs you can see I tried all of above patterns, they all work fine in Test Pattern dialog but when i browse URL, it always converts 20 to space and rule doesnt work for redirect.p  pPlease help me for this simple yet unsolved problem, if anyone knows what am I missing.p
Negative 110 pIm using sonatype nexus repo hosting and I have two artifacts where A depends on B but they are separate projects not multimodule. I staged B as 1.0.0 but now I want to stage A with a dependency on B1.0.0 and not on its snapshot however, because B is still just staged and not released, maven complains that it cant find B1.0.0. What is the correct way to do this It doesnt make sense to me to have to release the dependency B without it being tested as part of another project Ap  pWhat am I doing wrong IIUC, staging repos are dynamically created, so adding the temporary staging repo as a codeltrepositorygtcode in project A doesnt sound good eitherp  pas a secondary question, I also would like to know if I am supposed to stage the main artifact A in the same staging repo as B or if I should close B and stage A in a new staging repop
Negative 110 pI used p  pre JOptionPane.showOptionDialognull,          new MyPanel,          Import,          JOptionPane.DEFAULTOPTION,          JOptionPane.PLAINMESSAGE,         null, new Object[], null pre  pbecause I dont want the default buttons provided by the OptionDialog and I created my buttons inside the codeMyPanel extends JPanelcode So my problem is now how can I close that OptionDialog from inside the codeMyPanelcode fired by an codeActionEventcode I dont care the return value, as long as that dialog disappears. And I realize this might not be the best design but Ive been working on this for a lot of times so Id prefer a fix that involves as little change in the structure as possible. Thanksp
Negative 110 pIm using GoogleMap V2 and I have a gridView and a mapView like thatp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltFrameLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent gt      ltLinearLayout         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightmatchparent         androidorientationvertical         androidweightSum1 gt          ltcom.google.android.gms.maps.MapView             androidididmapview             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheight0dp                         androidlayoutweight0.5 gt          ltGridView             androidididgvallpubs             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheight0dp             androidlayoutweight0.5             androidbackgroundcolorBurlyWood             androidcolumnWidth300dp             androidhorizontalSpacing5dp             androidnumColumnsautofit             androidstretchModecolumnWidth             androidverticalSpacing3dp gt     ltLinearLayoutgt  ltFrameLayoutgt codepre  pthe code is thatp  precodeOverride     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container, Bundle savedInstanceState               View view  null         try                      view  inflater.inflateR.layout.allpubslayout, container, false                          mapView  MapViewview.findViewByIdR.id.mapview             mapView.onCreatesavedInstanceState                        map  mapView.getMap              set the map options             map.setMyLocationEnabledfalse             map.getUiSettings.setMyLocationButtonEnabledfalse             map.getUiSettings.setZoomControlsEnabledtrue             map.setMapTypeGoogleMap.MAPTYPENORMAL              map.getUiSettings.setCompassEnabledtrue                          try                               MapsInitializer.initializemContext                          catch Exception e                                     gvAllPubs  GridViewview.findViewByIdR.id.gvallpubs             gvAdapter  new AllPubsGridViewAdaptermContext, App.pubSortedByLastUpdate             gvAllPubs.setAdaptergvAdapter             gvAllPubs.setOnItemClickListenergridViewClickListener              select the first item in the list             try                               gvAllPubs.setSelectionlastPubSelected                 drawLastPubSelectedlastPubSelected                          catch Exception e                   catchException e         return view      codepre  pand the gridview item click listener isp  precodeOnItemClickListener gridViewClickListener  new OnItemClickListener              Override         public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt adapter, View view, int position, long id                       lastPubSelected  position                      drawLastPubSelectedlastPubSelected                       private void drawLastPubSelectedint position              get the selected pub         PubObj selectedPub  App.pubSortedByLastUpdate.getposition         double pubLat  selectedPub.pubLatitude         double pubLong  selectedPub.pubLongtitude          get the pub location         LatLng pubLocation  new LatLngpubLat, pubLong         CameraUpdate cameraUpdate  CameraUpdateFactory.newLatLngZoompubLocation, 15         zoom the map to the pub         map.animateCameracameraUpdate          create the marker at the pub location         MarkerOptions mapMarkerOption  new MarkerOptions         mapMarkerOption.positionpubLocation         mapMarkerOption.titleselectedPub.pubName.toString   selectedPub.pubAddress.toString         mapMarkerOption.snippetselectedPub.pubCurrentStatus.toString         mapMarkerOption.iconBitmapDescriptorFactory.defaultMarkerBitmapDescriptorFactory.HUEVIOLET         mapMarkerOption.draggablefalse          map.clear         Marker marker  map.addMarkermapMarkerOption         marker.showInfoWindow          on marker click open pub details activity         map.setOnInfoWindowClickListenernew OnInfoWindowClickListener                                 Override             public void onInfoWindowClickMarker marker                              open pub details activity                 Log.dpubs, a                            codepre  pnow I have two devices that I debug on, the first one is samsung galaxy s2 with android version 4.1.2 and the other one is nexus 4 with android version 4.2.2 , the problem is that when I zoom in on my nexus 4 I see a blank screen grey squares and I can see only the zoom buttons and on my sgs2 i can zoom in and out without a problem and i see everything perfect.p  pWhat can be the problem Im struggling with this issue for a quiet some time now. Thanks in advance for all who can help.p  pBest, Shalom Melamed.p
Negative 110 pLets say I have a nethood link to a folder with the name BLABLA and the target path is servernametempp  phow do I get the string for the target path I triedp  precodeSet oShell  CreateObjectWScript.Shell Const NETHOOD  ampH13amp Set oShApp  CreateObjectShell.Application sNetHood  oShApp.NameSpaceNETHOOD.Self.Path Set oShortCut  oShell.CreateShortcutsNetHood amp  amp BLABLA amp .lnk  MsgBox gt  amp oShortCut.TargetPath codepre  pIt does everything, even creates a oShortCut object without any errors. But, it does not returnp  precodeoShortCut.TargetPath codepre  pwhat am I doing wrongp  pId like it to return this servernametempBLABLAbr Thanks in advance for any advicep  pIve created the shortcut under win 7 with right click in Computer view of the explorer and then  Add a network location  Next ... etc. It creates a Folder representing a shortcut in NetHood to the path on the server ... its like a mapped share but not really it.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to compile a program written in C. code.configurecode was successful, but when I did codemakecode, it gave me an error. I did codemake checkcode, and it saidp  precodegcc  g Wall static   o multipht  multipht.o multimatch.o multiweight.o multiwrite.o multisort.o multiclean.o usrbinld cannot find lc collect2 ld returned 1 exit status codepre  pmultipht is the name of the program Im trying to install.p  pCould anyone tell me what the problem isp
Negative 110 pI have a .txt file with the real coordinates of points. The scenario is the camera facing a wall between them I have a box. I want to get in the .txt only the points refering to the box, so I want to read the third component from coordinates, meaning depth value and if its bigger than a certain distance to supprime all the line.p  pfile.txtp  p0.005545 0.06564 strong1.6354strongp  p0.235443 0.35464 strong2.6575strongp  pifvalue2.5     delete line from .txt completely p  pall the coordinates are separated with a white space and lines with an intro.p  pthanksp
Negative 110 pI purchased EC2 AMI for Flash Media Server. Unfortunately I am unable to find any AMI Ids listed on Adobe WebSite with the the a hrefhttphelpx.adobe.comadobemediaserverkbflashmediaserveramazonmachine.htmlid735 relnofollowlist of AMIsap  pI am confused about adding AMI to this. Anybody can helpp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comFrcHx.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pIm creating a Google Chrome extension and I need to detect when a pages title changes. The pages title is changed like in Twitter codenum Twittercode see the screenshot below   when a new tweet is posted, the number increments. Examplep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPTxy4.png altenter image description here  p  pIm trying to detect the title changes of a URL thats loaded in one of my tabs and play a beep sound whenever theres a difference. This check is to be done in a repeated interval and I think that can be accomplished using codesetTimeOutcode function.p  pIve created a codemanifest.jsoncode as followsp  precode   manifestversion 2,    name Detect Page Title Changes,   description Blah,   version 1.0,    browseraction      defaulticon icon.png,     defaultpopup background.html   ,   permissions [     tabs   ]  codepre  pHowever, Im clueless about the rest. Ive searched through the docs a hrefhttpsdeveloper.chrome.comextensionstabs.html relnofollowsupcode1codesupa supa hrefhttpsdeveloper.chrome.comextensionsevents.html relnofollowcode2codeasup and tried the solutions on similar Stack Overflow threads such as a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11010396this onea I but couldnt find anything that suits my requirements.p  pDo you have any suggestions Please include an example, if possible.p
Negative 110 pI have a rather simple question with regards to UIView animations but it has taken me the whole day trying to solve. p  pI want to implement a UIView animation that will be triggered by an event inside code. Meaning it is not triggered by the user pressing a button, nor by the view loading, it will be triggered by something that happens inside the gameplay an explosion effect for an imagep  pThe tutorials and videos i have seen so far all declare their UIView animations inside the viewDidLoad, that wouldnt work for me as I dont want the animation happening immediately. p  pSome write it inside touches triggered by the user fingers. That wouldnt work either as the human touch does not initiate the animation. p  pMy game utilizes a timer and gameLoop so when I write the animation code inside the main method it gets called 100 times in 1 second I see in the console the log for the animation repeating again and again. p  pI think this is because the main method is attached to the main timer which refreshes it every 1 second. p  pWhere should i type the code for a UIView animation if I want it to be called just ONCE instead of infinitelyp  pShould I form a new method for the animation How would I call that method if everp  pThanks to all who can help. p
Negative 110 pFrom my controller I have passed value module to viewp  precode    public ActionResult Detailslong id, string owner              var module  ownedModuleRepository.GetModuleDetailsid, owner          return Viewmodule      codepre  pIve shown the value it contains in view as followsp  precode    ltdtgtIDltdtgt     ltddgtModel.Idltddgt      ltdtgtModule IDltdtgt     ltddgtModel.ModuleIdltddgt       ltdtgtOwnerltdtgt     ltddgtModel.Ownerltddgt      ltdtgtModule Typeltdtgt     ltddgtModel.TypeNameltddgt      ltdtgtModule Kindltdtgt     ltddgtModel.KindNameltddgt      ltdtgtOwnership Start Dateltdtgt     ltddgtModel.Startltddgt      ltdtgtOwnership End Dateltdtgt     ltddgtModel.Endltddgt      foreach var properties in Model.Properties              ltdtgtProperty Nameltdtgt         ltddgtproperties.Nameltddgt         ltdtgtProperty Valueltdtgt         ltddgtproperties.Valueltddgt      codepre  pCurrently strongModel.Endstrong is null, it is of DateTime type and I had set it to be nullable in viewmodel. Since it is null, this is what im getting in viewp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCiRNd.png altenter image description herep  pAs you can see, the value of Ownership End Date is taking the value of Property Name from below. How can I set it to empty if the emModel.End is nullemp  pstrongEdit 1strongp  pMy modelp  precodepublic class OwnedModuleDetails      public long Id  get set       public string ModuleId  get set       public string Owner  get set       public string KindName  get set      public string TypeName  get set       public DateTime Start  get set       public DateTime End  get set       public IEnumerableltPropertygt Properties  get set   codepre  pMethod from the repositoryp  precode     public OwnedModuleDetails GetModuleDetailslong id, string owner           ReSharper disable ImplicitlyCapturedClosure             var module  dbSis.OwnedModules.Wheret gt t.Id  id.Selectm gt new OwnedModuleDetails  ReSharper restore ImplicitlyCapturedClosure                              Id  id,                 ModuleId  m.ModuleId,                 TypeName  m.ModuleType.TypeName,                 KindName  m.ModuleType.ModuleKind.KindName,                 Owner  owner,                 Start  m.Start,                 End  m.End,                 Properties  m.PropertyConfiguration.PropertyInstances.Select                     x gt new Property  Name  x.Property.Name, Value  x.Value                            return module.FirstOrDefault          codepre
Negative 110 pI am using Ruby On Rails 3.2.13 Ruby 1.9.3.p  pI have the following code that I am using to display the messages Rails provides when validation is being done within a Modelp  precodelt if object.errors.any gt   ltdiv iderrorexplanationgt     ltdiv classalert alerterrorgt       ltt theformcontains gt lt pluralizeobject.errors.count, t errortext gt.       ltulgt         lt object.errors.fullmessages.each do msg gt           ltligt lt msg gtltligt         lt end gt       ltulgt     ltdivgt   ltdivgt lt end gt codepre  pI also have some customized text in my yaml files.  Here is an example of how the messages appear on one serverp  precodeLe Formulaire contient 20 erreurs.  Mot de passe doit tre remplie  Prnom doit tre remplie  Prnom est trop court au moins 3 caractres  Prnom nest pas valide codepre  pHere is how the messages appear on the other serverp  precodeLe Formulaire contient 20 erreurs.  Mot de passe cant be blank  Prnom cant be blank  Prnom is too short minimum is 3 characters  Prnom is invalid codepre  pOnly the portions of the messages that I entered in the yaml files display properly.  The ones that Rails would translate only work on one server.p  pI read the Rails Guide for I18n here a hrefhttpguides.rubyonrails.orgi18n.html relnofollowhttpguides.rubyonrails.orgi18n.htmla but did not see anything in config or anywhere else that I needed to do to get these working. As I stated it works fine on one server but not the other one.p  pIf I did something on my development server that I did not do on my production server I do not remember what I did.  I have checked configapplication.rb and configenvironment.rb on both servers and they are the same.  Maybe there is something I need to initialize somewhere on my production server.  If an answer is found it may also solve the problem that I asked about in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17913851rubyonrails3213ruby193localizationofdatesworksinlocalhostbutnRuby on Rails I18n  Localization of Dates Works In localhost but Not In Productiona.p  pAny help would be appreciated.  I will continue my research to see if I can find anything about this.  So far I have found nothing.p  pUPDATE 7292013 1247 pm CDT  The only other difference that I can see between the two servers is that the development server is running ruby 1.9.3p327 and the production server is running ruby 1.9.3p362.  However I cannot believe that could be causing my problem but it is a difference that I feel I should note.p
Negative 110 pC11 has two new string conversion functions into unsigned long and long long codestdstoulcode and codestdstollcode.p  pThe recent Android NDK r9 introduces Clang 3.3 compiler which is said to be C11 feature complete. There are prototypes for these functions deep inside NDK, however I cannot use them.p  pWhat I need to do to use themp  pstrongP.S.strong I already do codeLOCALCPPFLAGS  stdc11codep
Negative 110 pI have this scriptp  precodesetlocal EnableDelayedExpansion set SECTIONdispid 3 set TARGETpushscope echo on for F tokens1 delims a in findstr N CSECTION CTARGET CHECKER do      if not defined StartSection          if not bbSECTION set StartSectiona      else      goto EOF         if not defined TargetLine              goto EOF  Do nothing yet             if not b equ bTARGET set TargetLineaamp goto checkercont                codepre  pIn StartSection the problem area, Im trying to do a find and replace to confirm that this line is the one I desire, and save that line number.p  pHow do I write it so that it will parse the variables correctly and do the find and replace properlyp  pWhat Ive tried. [b] means the replaced bp  precodebSECTION returns [b]dispid 3a Yes, it somehow gives me an a. bSECTION returns SECTIONa bSECTION returns [b]dispid 3 which then gives me an error saying 3 is not a command bSECTION returns SECTION bSECTION returns [b]SECTION bSECTION return dispid 3 and error codepre  pI feel like for the last one that it parses the bold then the italics. strongbemstrongSECTIONstrongemstrong And using  never seems to accomplish anything except display at least one back to me.p  pAnd yes, after a little bit I just started throwing random crap in there got frustrated.p  pSo whats the proper way to get this workingp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIm writing a multithreaded Lxpanel plugin using C and GTK2 and Im trying to change GUI for example, add and remove widget in separate thread, but it doesnt work  when Im trying to add a label there is an empty space. p  precodeincludes  typedef struct      GtkWidget l1     GtkWidget l2  Plug  thread function gboolean testfuncPlugin plugin     Plug privplugingtpriv     gtkcontainerremoveGTKCONTAINERplugingtpwid, privgtl1     gtkcontaineraddGTKCONTAINERplugingtpwid, privgtl2     return FALSE  called when plugin is added static int testconstructorPlugin plugin, char fp     Plug privgnew0Plug, 1     plugingtpwidgtkeventboxnew     plugingtprivpriv     privgtl1gtklabelnewl1     privgtl2gtklabelnewl2     gthreadnew         testthread, GThreadFunctestfunc, plugin          gidleaddGSourceFunctestfunc, plugin     testfuncplugin     gtkcontaineraddGTKCONTAINERplugingtpwid, privgtl1     gtkwidgetsetsizerequestplugingtpwid, 30, 25     gtkwidgetsethaswindowplugingtpwid, FALSE     gtkwidgetshowallplugingtpwid     return 1  called when plugin is removed static void testdestructorPlugin plugin     Plug privplugingtpriv     gtkwidgetdestroyprivgtl1     gtkwidgetdestroyprivgtl2     gfreepriv  settings PluginClass testpluginclass        PLUGINCLASSVERSIONING,      type  test,     name  Ntest,     version 1.0,     description  Ntest,      onepersystem  TRUE,      expandavailable  FALSE,      constructor  testconstructor,     destructor   testdestructor,     config  NULL,     save  NULL  codepre  pIve also tried gidleadd  it doesnt work either. And when I add gdkthreadsenter and gdkthreadsleave in the codetestfunccode function lxpanel simply hangs. What am I doing wrongp  pThank you very much for your help.p
Negative 110 pI want to read and print the files content which downloaded from dropbox but my readFile method prints null. I am sure the file is downloaded successfully.p  precodevoiddownload      NSArray paths  NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory, NSUserDomainMask, YES     NSString documentsDirectory  [paths objectAtIndex0]     NSString filePath  [documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponent[NSString stringWithFormat, File.txt]]       [[self restClient] loadFileFile.txt intoPathfilePath]    voidrestClientDBRestClientclient loadedFileNSStringlocalPath        contentTypeNSStringcontentType metadataDBMetadatametadata       [self readFileFile.txt]     NSLogFile loaded into path , localPath   voidreadFileNSString fileName      NSArray paths  NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory, NSUserDomainMask, YES     NSString documentsDirectory  [paths objectAtIndex0]     NSString fileNameData[NSString stringWithFormat,fileName]     NSString filePath  [documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentfileNameData]     NSString str  [NSString stringWithContentsOfFilefilePath encodingNSUTF8StringEncoding errorNULL]      NSError error      NSString str  [NSString stringWithContentsOfFilefilePath encodingNSUTF8StringEncoding erroramperror]      NSLog, error  codepre  pand this is outputp  precode CONTENT OF THE DOWNLOADED FILE null codepre  pI updated my code for capture erorr and I am getting this error from stringWithContentsOfFilep  precodeError DomainNSCocoaErrorDomain Code261 The operation couldnt be completed. Cocoa error 261. UserInfo0x1669c2b0 NSFilePathvarmobileApplications11B10727E372114726BD1D24S60B8E54DocumentsFile.txt, NSStringEncoding4 20130805 220603.229 DBApp[49660b] codepre
Negative 110 pTheres a bit of code giving me trouble. It was working great in another script I had but I must have messed it up somehow.p  pThe codeif csvcode is primarily because I was relying on a csv option in an argparser. But even if I were to run this with proper indents outside the codeif statementcode, it still returns the same error.p  precodeimport csv  if csv     with openoutput.csv, wb as csvfile         csvout  csv.writercsvfile, delimiter,,             quotechar,, quotingcsv.QUOTEMINIMAL         csvout.writerow[A, B, C]         csvfile.close codepre  pGives mep  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File import csv.py, line 34, in ltmodulegt     csvout  csv.writercsvfile, delimiter,, AttributeError str object has no attribute writer codepre  pIf I remove the codeif statementcode, I getp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File Cimport csv.py, line 34, in ltmodulegt     csvout  csv.writercsvfile, delimiter,, AttributeError NoneType object has no attribute writer codepre  pWhat silly thing am I doing wrong I did try changing the file name to things like test.py as I saw that in another SO post, didnt work.p
Negative 110 pThe wording of the C99 standard seems a bit ambiguous regarding the behavior of the coderemovecode function.p  pIn strongsection 7.19.4.1strong paragraph 2p  blockquote   pThe strongcoderemovecodestrong function causes the file whose name is the string pointed to by strongcodefilenamecodestrong   to be no longer accessible by that name. A subsequent attempt to open that file using that   name will fail, unless it is created anew.p blockquote  pDoes the C99 standard guarantee that the coderemovecode function will emdeleteem the file on the filesystem, or could an implementation simply emignoreem the file  leaving the file on filesystem, but just inaccessible to the current program via that filename for the remainder of the programp
Negative 110 pIs there a way of doing the google OAuth 2.0 authorization without opening the browser page I want to do the Authentication and Authorization part programatically, given the users mail address and password.p  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pI have 2 types of Messages codeServerMessagecode and codeUserMessagecode. I have a raw string from which I have to create this message.p  pHere is an example of what would be a server message p  precodechoopa.nj.us.dal.net NOTICE AUTH  Looking up your hostname... codepre  pAnd here is an example of a user message p  precodeAbcAbc2001123.4234.123.423 PRIVMSG channelname hello codepre  pSo first I create a RawMessage with the basics, like the parts of the message and the time etc.p  pBut I have bound this codeRawMessagecode to my codeWPF UIcode, and in different parts of the UI it will need different information from the codeRawMessagecode.p  pOne part, the server window which displays all the codeServerMessagescode does not care about the User the message is from as everything is from the server.p  pHowever the individual channel windows will need to know the User. So I am being forced into binding the server one with codeServerMessagecode types and the channel windows with codeUserMessagecode types.p  pNow the problem is when I create the codeRawMessagecode, do I at that moment check it to see what kind it is, then discard it to make one of the other 2 types then bind thatp  pOr is there a more elegant polymorphic solution to this p
Negative 110 pAfter each h2 I want to append and style a dash and after that a line break.p  pI tried the followingp  precodeh2after      content A2014     whitespace pre     fontsize 70px  codepre  pIt does work in general, but when I in or decrease the fontsize, the space both over and under the dash change, instead of just the dashsize.p  pI also tried adding a codelineheight 0.6emcode but it seems to move everything around.p  pAt the moment Im getting thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com2ShTV.png altAt the moment Im getting thisp  pI want to get this, being able to change the spacep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comL8cy8.png altI want to get this, being able to change the spacep  pHere is the a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netuzVhz relnofollowFIDDLEap
Negative 110 pI have HTML that looks like the three following sample statementsp  precodelta hrefjavascriptdoPostBackctl00FormContentgvResults,Page10gt...ltagt  lta hrefjavascriptdoPostBackctl00FormContentgvResults,Page12gt12ltagt  lta hrefjavascriptdoPostBackctl00FormContentgvResults,Page13gt13ltagt codepre  pId presently be on pg. 11.p  pI dont know the PySeleniumSplinter syntax for selecting one of the page numbers in a list and clicking on it to go to that page.  Also, I need to be able to identify the element in the argument as, for example, Page10 or Page12, as seen in the doPostBack notation.  Maybe just a next page, in so many words, would be fine, but I dont even know how to do that.p  pThank you for any help.p  pstrongUPDATE IIstrong  Heres the code I have to work fromp  precodeimport time import win32ui import win32api import win32con from selenium import webdriver from selenium.webdriver.common.keys import Keys from ctypes import  from selenium.webdriver.common.by import By   driver  webdriver.Chrome driver.gethttp[site] codepre  pstrongUPDATE IIIstrongp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File montpa05.py, line 47, in ltmodulegt     continuelink  driver.findelementbylinktext4   File CPython27libsitepackagesseleniumwebdriverremotewebdriver.py, l ine 246, in findelementbylinktext     return self.findelementbyBy.LINKTEXT, valuelinktext   File CPython27libsitepackagesseleniumwebdriverremotewebdriver.py, l ine 680, in findelement     using by, value value[value]   File CPython27libsitepackagesseleniumwebdriverremotewebdriver.py, l ine 165, in execute     self.errorhandler.checkresponseresponse   File CPython27libsitepackagesseleniumwebdriverremoteerrorhandler.py , line 164, in checkresponse     raise exceptionclassmessage, screen, stacktrace selenium.common.exceptions.NoSuchElementException Message uno such elementn  Session info chrome28.0.1500.95n  Driver info chromedriver2.2,platform Windows NT 6.1 SP1 x8664 codepre
Negative 110 pi use the in this a hrefhttpblogs.msdn.combdataaccesstechnologiesarchive20100128consumingwebservicesinssisscripttask.aspx relnofollowlinka to setup an script task in ssis 2008 r2 to pull some data from this a hrefhttpwortschatz.unileipzig.deaxisservicesBaseformwsdl relnofollowwebservicea. The original web task in ssis do not work not all wsdl features supported to use this webservicep  pMy problem is to get the main funktion in the script task to get run. currently it looks like thisp  precodePublic Sub Main      Dim ws As New BaseformService     Dim param As New RequestParameter      ws.Credentials  New System.Net.NetworkCredentialanonymous, anonymous      param.corpus  Autos     Dts.VariablesReturn.Value  ws.executeparam      Dts.TaskResult  ScriptResults.Success End Sub codepre  pI save the result of the ping event to my variable Result. But the task crashes. I should provide a user....p  pAny ideasp  precodeError 0x1 at Script Task 1 System.Reflection.TargetInvocationException Ein Aufrufziel hat einen Ausnahmefehler verursacht. gt System.Web.Services.Protocols.SoapException Please enter a username codepre
Negative 110 pIm developing a network support framework initially for Android which includes three basic services emHost discoveryem, emNetwork Communicationem, and emQoS Monitorem.p  pFor the last service, Im trying to implement a method that returns the maximum emMessages Per Second MPSem a single host can send periodically to another host.p  pBased on the size of the object to be sent and the network speed, I can easily get a rough estimate with the ideal emMPSem that can be sent through the network.  The problem appears when I try to include the emSignal Strength SSem in the equation.p  precodeprotected int getMPSNetworkApplicationData message, Context context      int messageSizeBits   MemoryUtils.sizeOfmessage  8     int networkSpeedMbps  getNetworkSpeedcontext     float signalStrength  getNetworkSignalStrengthcontext      FIXME what about signalStrength     return networkSpeedMbps  1024  1024  messageSizeBits  codepre  pSo the basic question here is Is there any preestablished study about the impact of the signal strengh on the speed in a wireless network p  pDoing some tests, Ive noticed that depending on the Signal Strength, the established Network Speed changes.  For instance, with a normalized 100SS, the Android API returns a 54Mbps network speed value and with a 40SS, the API returns 7Mbps network speed value.  Should I rely only on the network speed value that the Android API returns In this case, I will mostly get an overestimated MPS.p  pAnyway, I need to know which is the correct approach to solve this issue and base the calculations on formal studies.p
Negative 110 pIm running codecap deploycode to deploy a site to a server. It deploys just fine, except for this last partp  precodeexport GITRECURSIVE[  git version lt git version 1.6.5 ] ampamp echo recursive ampamp git submodule q update init GITRECURSIVE ampamp echo b8ce153ac56e3e79eda1e053b922ac48e775321a gt varwwwalkdfjfreleases20130822204731REVISION codepre  pIf I didnt have codegitcode,  I have git installed, as it clones just fine. But at this step, I receive an error statingp  precodebash git No such file or directory.  codepre
Negative 110 pi have the following datap  precodecustomerid  text      i  001          hi        0 001          all       1 002          do        0 002          not       0 003          copy      0 codepre  pin my query, i codegroupconcatcode the values of text so i should get results like thesep  precodecustomerid  text       001          hi all 002          do not 003          copy codepre  pnow i only want to groupconcat customerids if even 1 of records had i set to 1, while i can easily do it when customerid 001 has both records i value set to 1 when there is only 1 that has been set i get only thatp  pthe situation that would lead to the data above being like that is that at first customer 001 only had hi however some time later all is added so i now want to update the customer with this datap  pthere is a customer table that has the customer ids however i can not set an update flag on the customer id as that table has different data which takes longer to process and the data above is for a separate systemp  pmy query looks like this at the time beingp  precodeSELECT GROUPCONCATtext,  FROM table WHERE i  1 GROUP BY customerid codepre  pwhat would i need to do in order to get customerid 001 to return hi all when only 1 of the 2 records i value is 1 while at the same time not getting anything from customerids 002 or 003p
Negative 110 pI am using the following function to create a add options to my select boxp  precode  add options to the requested select box   addOptionsToSelect  functionenum , obj, selectedvalue      enum.eachfunctioni        var optn  new Optionthis.text, this.val        ifselectedvalue  this.val  optn.setAttributeselected, selected          obj[0].options.addoptn           return obj    codepre  ol lipcodeenumcode is the key value pair containing the value and the text that we pass to the select optionpli lipcodeobjcode is the select box obj which is also created dynamicallypli lipcodeselectedvaluecode is the value that needs to set as selected on the select box.pli ol  pThe problem here is codeoptn.setAttributeselected, selectedcode works fine in all the browsers expect IE8.p  pI am looking for a workaround that will allow me to set the selected value in all the browsers dynamically.p
Negative 110 pOut of curiosity, Im wondering what the real underlying type of a C string literal is.p  pDepending on what I observe, I get different results.p  pA typeid test like the followingp  precodestdcout ltlt typeidtest.name ltlt stdendl codepre  pshows me codechar const[5]code.p  pTrying to assign a string literal to an incompatible type like so to see the given errorp  precodewchart s  hello codepre  pI get codea value of type const char  cannot be used to initialize an entity of type wchart code from VS12s IntelliSense.p  pBut I dont see how it could be codeconst char code as the following line is accepted by VS12p  precodechar s  Hello codepre  pI have read that this was allowed in preC11 standards as it was for retrocompatibility with C, although modification of codescode would result in Undefined Behavior. I assume that this is simply VS12 having not yet implemented all of the C11 standard and that this line would normally result in an error.p  pReading the C99 standard a hrefhttpwww.openstd.orgjtc1sc22wg14wwwdocsn1256.pdf relnofollowfrom herea, 6.4.5.5 suggests that it should be an arrayp  blockquote   pThe multibyte character   sequence is then used to initialize strongan arraystrong of static storage duration and length just   sufcient to contain the sequence.p blockquote  pSo, strongwhat is the type underneath a C string literalstrongp  pThank you very much for your precious time.p
Negative 110 pSuppose we have this data file.p  precodejohn 32 maketing executive jack 41 chief technical officer jim  27 developer dela 33 assistant risk management officer codepre  pI want to print using codeawkcodep  precodejohn maketing executive jack chief technical officer jim  developer dela assistant risk management officer codepre  pI know it can be done using codeforcode.p  precodeawk printf 1  fori3iltNFiprintf  s, i printf n lt file codepre  pProblem is its long and looks complex.p  pIs there any other short way to print emrest of the fieldsem.p
Negative 110 pI am  tryng with these jquery plugins.p  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comducksboardgridster.js relnofollowhttpsgithub.comducksboardgridster.jsa and a hrefhttpsgithub.comMcPantsjquery.shapeshift relnofollowhttpsgithub.comMcPantsjquery.shapeshifta p  pI want two grids in same page on which when i drag some div from one grid to another grid where second grid is fixed.say 4x4 square or rectangular, so i should able drag only 16 divs.p  phow we can achieve this using  any of the above plugin.p
Negative 110 pI have a Product table and a Brand table. Brand table contains a product id. I am using Sonata admin bundle to set up the admin. I have Product admin class and Brand admin class. Now I am able to list both the tables. When clicked on one of the products, an edit screen comes. What I want now is, I want to display the corresponding Brand table entries also along with this screen and also be able to add new brands. Please help me on this. p  pI have tried something with sonatatypeadmin, but could be of no help.p
Negative 110 pI tried to import a 7.4 MB JSON file via ...p  pcodemongoimport d mongoimport c test file jsonTest.jsoncodep  pBut I saw this issue. p  pcodeWed Sep 04 130852.378 exceptionBSON representation of supplied JSON is too large code FailedToParse FailedToParse Expecting  offset0codep  pThis Stackoverflow a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions14468136mongodbimporterrorposta presented a similar issue with respect to the date occurring before Jan 1, 1970, but that doesnt seem to apply given my codeFailedToParse Expecting  offset0code error.p
Negative 110 pI have this type of JSONp  precode     stampi      [                      nome Ovale Piccolo 18.2x13.5cm,             lunghezza 18.2,             larghezza 13.5,             altezza 4,             volume 786.83         ,                                             nome Ovale Grande 22.5x17.4cm,             lunghezza 22.5,             larghezza 17.4,             altezza 4,             volume 1246.54                                                               ]    codepre  pand normally I read with this codep  precode        StringBuffer sb  new StringBuffer         BufferedReader br  null         try              br  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReadergetAssets.openstampi.json              String temp             while temp  br.readLine  null                 sb.appendtemp          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace          finally              try                  br.close  stop reading              catch IOException e                  e.printStackTrace                                          myjsonstampi  sb.toString   codepre  pand after use the array inside the program. I have create a menu that add new value inside the JSON file but i have a problem ...this is the codep  blockquote precode              StringBuffer sb  new StringBuffer               BufferedReader br  null               try                    br  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReadergetAssets.openstampi.json                    String temp                   while temp  br.readLine  null                       sb.appendtemp                catch IOException e                    e.printStackTrace                finally                    try                        br.close  stop reading                    catch IOException e                        e.printStackTrace                                                            myjsonstampi  sb.toString                      try                                            Creating JSONObject from String                   JSONObject jsonObjMain  new JSONObjectmyjsonstampi                     Creating JSONArray from JSONObject                   JSONArray objNames  jsonObjMain.names                   System.out.printlnobjNames.toString                    jsonArraystampi  jsonObjMain.getJSONArraystampi                    int numelem  jsonArraystampi.length                     jsonObjMain.put nome,prova                    jsonObjMain.put lunghezza,22                    jsonObjMain.put larghezza, 10                    jsonObjMain.put altezza, 4                    jsonObjMain.put volume, 10.5                    jsonArraystampi.put jsonObjMain                     try                             FileWriter file  new FileWriterctest.json                           file.writejsonArraystampi.                           file.write JSON.stringifyjsonArraystampi                            file.flush                           file.close                         catch IOException e                            e.printStackTrace                                        catch JSONException e                     TODO Autogenerated catch block                   e.printStackTrace                                          codepre blockquote  pwhy cant work correctly the numelem variable are 2 always..help mep  pthx Andreap
Negative 110 pI used curl to get a page online, but cant get full content because the page loading a few times .p  pIf I open that page with browser, maybe wait 20 seconds or more ,the full content show.p  pI tried use params for curl function ,but its no use.p  pThe code like below curl  curlip  precodecurlcurlinit  curlsetopt  curl, CURLOPTURL, url  curlsetopt  curl, CURLOPTREFERER, url  curlsetopt  curl, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, 1  curlsetopt  curl, CURLOPTTIMEOUT, 60  3  result  curlexec  curl  curlclose  curl  Utildump  addcslashes  result,    codepre  pHow can I dop
Negative 110 pis it possible to extend different classes with the same generic class I tried something like thisp  precodePublic Class A   Public Sub TestA     Debug.PrintTest A   End Sub End Class  Public Class BOf T   Public Sub TestB     Debug.PrintTest B   End Sub End Class  Public Class C   Inherits BOf A    Public Sub TestC     TestA lt Thows error is not declared      TestB     Debug.PrintTest C   End Sub End Class codepre  pI basicly have some usercontrols, which derive from Combobox or Textbox and id like both to implement some functionsand interfaces that are defined in a base class. In C id do it with multi inheritance.p
Negative 110 pIm using mutt. My problem at the hand is, that whenever I press c to change the folder and mutt allows me to press  to choose the folder I want to go to, it shows all folders complete with permissions. I dont need those. Ill attach a sample.p  pCan anyone please tell me how to disable the listing of permissions Or at least, tell me what specifically to search on the web Googling mutt folder list permission disable didnt turn up anything useful.p  pThank you for taking the time to read and think about this.p  pSample p  precode1     drwxrxrx  5 damait06 damait06     4,0K Sep 06 2253 .. 2     drwx  5 damait06 damait06     4,0K Aug 18 1756 INBOX 3     drwx  5 damait06 damait06     4,0K Sep 13 1613 INBOX.abuse 4     drwx  5 damait06 damait06     4,0K Sep 06 2248 INBOX. 5     drwx  5 damait06 damait06     4,0K Sep 06 2248 INBOX. 6     drwx  5 damait06 damait06     4,0K Sep 06 2248 INBOX. 7     drwx  5 damait06 damait06     4,0K Sep 09 0919 INBOX. 8     drwx  5 damait06 damait06     4,0K Sep 10 1257 INBOX. codepre
Negative 110 pIve been testing websocket client and server with Dart. Basic concept comes from Seth Ladds blogp  pServer a hrefhttpblog.sethladd.com201204dartserversupportswebsockets.html relnofollowhttpblog.sethladd.com201204dartserversupportswebsockets.htmlap  pClient a hrefhttpblog.sethladd.com201207simpledartwebsocketdemo.html relnofollowhttpblog.sethladd.com201207simpledartwebsocketdemo.htmlap  pEverything works as expected ie. server responds clients requests and if I open a new Dartium window both clients works. When I close a client window it closes related connection onDone. p  pIf I hit the refreshbutton in Dartium, server raises an exception and closes. The error code is SocketException Write failed, OS Error server closed connection, errno 10053, address  127.0.0.1, port  8080. p  pIs this a bug or should I add some code somewhere I cant find the place where this error comes from. The last message I can find by debuging is onDone same as when closing the client.p
Negative 110 pI believe the C compiler will rewrite codeforeachcode into a codeforcode when it is used on ordinary arrays such as codeint[]code. However, for collections that store a codestructcode, will boxing result from iterating its contentsp  pFor example, does the code below rely on boxing codeIEnumerableltKeyValuePairltint,bytegtgtcode to iterate the contents of codedictcodep  precodevoid DoSomethingDictionaryltint,bytegt dict      foreachKeyValuePairltint,bytegt itr in dict         mcorrelation  itr.Key  codepre
Negative 110 pI am new with php and angularjs ,p  pI have php code , it can return json data like thisp  precodeid10, sessionName99, computer99, qualityLANvery fast, networkAuthenticationDisable, id13, sessionName55, computer55, qualityLANvery fast, networkAuthenticationDisable, id14, sessionNamebb, computerbb, qualityLANvery fast, networkAuthenticationDisable,    id15, sessionName77, computer77, qualityLANvery fast, networkAuthenticationDisable, id16, sessionName00, computer00, qualityLANvery fast, networkAuthenticationDisable, codepre  pPHP CODEp  precodeltphp   include configopendb.php    sql select  from rdp   sth  mysqlquerysql   rows  array   whiler  mysqlfetchassocsth      rows[]  r      print jsonencoderows   gt codepre  pI want get data with angular scopep  pAngularjs CODEp  precodeangular.moduleremoteApp  .factoryRdpservice2, function resource  return resourcescriptsservicesrdp2.php, ,    query  method GET       scope.rdpDate  test Rdpservice2.query codepre  pERROR MESSAGEp  precodeTypeError Object ltResourcegt has no method push codepre  pbut scope.rdpData cant get any datap  pI am so confused, please helpp
Negative 110 pSo, I basically have a component which requires javascript to be loaded beforehand. p  pmaster layoutp  precodelayoutsmaster.blade.php ... yieldscripts ... includeforms.search ... codepre  pmy componentp  precodeformssearch.blade.php sectionscripts some scripts here stop ... codepre  pwhat Im callingp  precodemain.blade.php extendslayouts.master codepre  pThis does not work. Section is not added to header. Am I doing something wrong or its not possible at all with laravelp
Negative 110 pHi guys I am trying to calculate the density of districts and coming up short, any clues what is wrong with my methods  I use the highest population in an area to colorize results but it gives me empty values in the first three array keyvalues, initially I used the total number of results in the database, but the results were totally wrong.p  precode   totalDistricts  countdistricts              totalPop0              maxArrarray               get max value in the  districts data[Total] field              foreach districts as ampkey                              maxArr[]intkey[Total]                  vardumpkey[Total]                           totalPopmaxmaxArr              printtotalPop.  . totalDistricts exit               split the totalPop variable into percentage based ranges             ranges         array                              arrayintfloortotalPop0.8,totalPop1,                 arrayintfloortotalPop0.5,intfloortotalPop0.81,                 arrayintfloortotalPop0.2,intfloortotalPop0.51,                 array0,floortotalPop0.21,                            vardumpranges exit               rankings   arrayarray,array,array,array             sorted     array             for i0 ilttotalDistricts i                              sorted[i]districts[i][Total]                          sortsorted               a rankings array to group the data based on              the total column if the total falls within the range,               put them into the matching keygtval range                    I have figured part of the problem out, it lies in the foreach loop, the districts[key]lt part is wrong              foreach sorted as keygtval                              if keygtranges[0][0] ampamp keyltranges[0][1]                                      rankings[0][]districts[key]                                  if keygtranges[1][0] ampamp keyltranges[1][1]                                      rankings[1][]districts[key]                                  if keygtranges[2][0] ampamp keyltranges[2][1]                                      rankings[2][]districts[key]                                  if keygtranges[3][0] ampamp keyltranges[3][1]                                      rankings[3][]districts[key]                               codepre  pThis gives me the first three values in the rankings array as empty arrays, any clue what I am doing wrongp
Negative 110 pI am testing the SUP101 application for ios and facing this exception of Sync failed. I have tried redeploying the package.pkg. Created the MBOs again. Generated the APIs again but still the same error. Following is the error that i am gettingp  precode[ERROR] [MBODataManager.m134] SUPPersistenceException SUPPersistenceException from synchronize  SUPSynchronizeException Sync failed 1305 MOBILINKCOMMUNICATIONSERROR 163 2 351Details codepre
Negative 110 pI write a client program based on posix sockets. The program creates multiple threads and is going to lock the server. But during debug in gdb time the program gives an info error gdb np  blockquote   pProgram received signal SIGPIPE, Broken pipe. [Switching to Thread   0xb74c0b40 LWP 4864] 0xb7fdd424 in kernelvsyscall  gdb  p blockquote  pheres the codep  precodeinclude ltarpainet.hgt include ltnetdb.hgt include ltnetinetin.hgt include ltpthread.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltsyssocket.hgt include ltsystypes.hgt include ltunistd.hgt  int gethostnamebyipchar h , char ip      struct hostent he     struct inaddr addrlist     int i      if he  gethostbynameh  NULL               perrorgethostbyname         return 1          addrlist  struct inaddr  hegthaddrlist     fori  0 addrlist[i]  NULL i               strcpyip , inetntoaaddrlist[i]          return 0           return 1   void clientchar h, int s      int fd     struct sockaddrin addr     char ch[]aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa     fd  socketAFINET, SOCKSTREAM, 0     addr.sinfamilyAFINET     char ip  new char[20]     gethostnamebyiph, ip     addr.sinaddr.saddrinetaddrip     int port  80     addr.sinporthtonsport     ifconnectfd, struct sockaddrampaddr, sizeofaddr lt 0               perrorconnect error         return          while1              ifsendfd, ch, sizeofch, 0 lt 0                         perrorsend                   char buffer[1024]     ifrecvfd, ampbuffer, sizeofbuffer, 0 lt 0             perrorrecive           printfnReply from Server sn, buffer     closefd   struct info      char h     int c    void threadentrypointvoid i      info in  infoi     clientingth, ingtc   int mainint argc, char argv      int s  atoiargv[2]     pthreadt t[s]     info in  argv[1], s     forint i  0 i lt s i              pthreadcreateampt[i], NULL, threadentrypoint, voidampin          pthreadjoint[0], NULL      return 0  codepre  pwhat it is and what to dop
Negative 110 pI am currently working on a userscript that adds features via buttons for Cookie Clicker. I nearly have it finished but i would like the game font to be used as the button font but I have no idea how to do this, I know it is possible as I saw it about two years ago but I cant remember where. The font that i want used is fontfamilyKavoonp  pThe part of the script that is relevant is as followsp  precodefunction addStyleSheet      var stylesClassName  options.panelId  styles     var styles  document.getElementsByClassNamestylesClassName     if styles.length lt 0          styles  document.createElementstyle         styles.type  textcss         styles.className     stylesClassName         styles.font  superFont         document.body.appendChildstyles          var css    options.panelId  positionfixedtop0right0background000colorfffpadding5pxzindex9999  options.panelId   buttonmarginleft 5px  options.panelId   button.activeaftercontentcolorred     styles[typeof document.body.style.WebkitAppearance  string  innerText  innerHTML]  css  codepre  pand here is an example of how one of the buttons are set out likep  precodevar options       panelId cookiecheater,     intervalDelay 1,     buttons          bigCookie              label Autoclick Big Cookie,             action function                   toggleAutoActionbigCookie, function                       Game.ClickCookie                                        codepre  pI would be very appreciative if someone could come up with some ideas or a solutionp  pThanks, Danielp  p.....................................................................................................................................................................p  pEDIT DONE pulled an allnighter to get this done and Im finished, I learnt a lot and ended up with my own solution, please, if you are in the same situation as I was, use the updated method that Brock Adams posted on Ravi Hamsas post.p  pThanks to all of you for your help Danielp
Negative 110 pIm having testcase for handle the popup but control is not going to popup window. It is displaying the getTitle of main window instead of popup window. can you go through below code.p  precodeTest public void testText1 throws Exception      driver.gethttpwww.hdfcbank.com     Thread.sleep8000     driver.findElementBy.xpath.[idloginsubmit].click      String popupHandle  driver.getWindowHandle     WebDriver popup      popup  driver.switchTo.windowpopupHandle     System.out.printlnpopup.getTitle     if popup.getTitle.equalsnetbanking          System.out.printlnI am going to access the elements of popup         driver.findElementBy.xpath.[idwrapper]div[6]aimg.click      else          System.out.printlnWorth Trying try harder to get success                    codepre  pOutput                 d0f39d3049e74203b9ef10380fbfcb5e                HDFC Bank Personal Banking Services              I am going to access the elements of popup               Exception in thread main org.openqa.selenium.NoSuchElementException Unable             to locate element methodxpath,selector.[idwrapper]div[6]aimg               Command duration or timeout 30.15 secondsp
Negative 110 pI developed a java application on a small windows desktop that parse XML files. I met a very interesting observation that I am very curious about.p  pI produced an executable jar for my application and ran it on Windows Server machine that is very powerful. It has 2 physical Xeon processors each 8 cores clocked at 2.7 GHz, 50GB RAM and 7200 RPM HDD. The machine was idle when I started my application and I am pretty sure no other application shared the machine with me.p  pLater, I was running the executable on my Macbook Pro for the sake of fun to see its behaviour. My personal machine is Core i7 clocked at 2.2 GHz with 4 GB RAM and 5400 RPM HDD.p  pSurprisingly, the application was twice faster on my personal weaker machine. It was the same input  same output. No IO but for reading the XMLs to parse them, I print nothing on Terminal but Start Time  End Time amp Final result which is one linep  pI am very curious to understand the reason behind such a dramatic performance difference. Specially from a weaker machine on the level of the hardware. Is it the operating system that handles hardware in a better way. Is it JVM working better.p
Negative 110 pMy MySQL session will start if codecountcode is equal to 1 but its not equal to 1 and I have no idea how to fix it, Im fairly new to php, and I prefer to use sha1 rather than BCryptp  precode  ltphp      login form      mysqlconnectxxxxx,xxxxxx,xxxxxx or die mysqlerror       mysqlselectdbu940004575chat       myusername  stripslashes myusername       mypassword  stripslashes mypassword       sha1mypassword  sha1 mypassword       myusername  mysqlrealescapestring myusername       mypassword  mysqlrealescapestring mypassword       sha1mypassword  mysqlrealescapestring sha1mypassword       sql  mysqlquerySELECT id FROM users WHERE usernamemyusername and         passwordsha1mypasswordor die mysqlerror       result  mysqlquery sql        if  sql            count  mysqlnumrows sql              if  count  1           sessionregistermyusername         sessionregistermypassword          headerlocationhome.php       else          echo Wrong Username or Password       gt codepre  pIf anyone can help me that would be great, any fix will be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 110 pJust for the record Im just starting to use python you can tell by the username,and I want to make it multiply a variable lets call it codeXcode by 2 and then the next time it comes back to this line to multiply it by 3 and so on till its multiplied by 10. Ill be adding some conditions before it goes back and multiplies codeXcode by the next number. I think its doable using the codeFORcode loop, but the examples I found around the web werent helpful, I started doubting if codeFORcode is going to be helpful, thats why Im here.p
Negative 110 pIm taking screenshots and writing them to file with this codep  precode if [[UIScreen mainScreen] respondsToSelectorselectorscale]     UIGraphicsBeginImageContextWithOptionsself.view.bounds.size, NO, [UIScreen mainScreen].scale else     UIGraphicsBeginImageContextself.view.bounds.size  [self.view.layer renderInContextUIGraphicsGetCurrentContext] UIImage image  UIGraphicsGetImageFromCurrentImageContext UIGraphicsEndImageContext NSData  data  UIImagePNGRepresentationimage  NSArray directories  NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory, NSUserDomainMask, YES NSString documentsDirectory  [directories objectAtIndex0] NSString key  [documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentscreenshots.archive]  NSMutableArray storageArray  [NSMutableArray arrayWithContentsOfFilekey]  ifstorageArray     storageArray  [NSMutableArray arrayWithObjectdata] else     [storageArray addObjectdata]  [storageArray writeToFilekey atomicallyYES] codepre  pWhen i load the images again i do thisp  precodepics  [[NSArray alloc] initWithContentsOfFile[self dataFilePath]]  ScreenshotViewController scv  [[ScreenshotViewController alloc]init]  [[self navigationController]pushViewControllerscv animatedYES] NSInteger row  indexPath.row [scv setImage[pics objectAtIndexrow]] codepre  pdataFilePath method p  precode NSString dataFilePath      NSArray paths  NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory, NSUserDomainMask, YES     NSString documentsDirectory  [paths objectAtIndex0]     return [documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentscreenshots.archive]  codepre  pThe problem is that that the UIImageView, in the ScreenshotViewController remains blank. I have tested all kinds of things, and it is something about the way the images get savedloaded into the array, but im not sure. I have also tested that the actual screenshot part is working by putting it into a UIImageView right away and adding it to the view. p  pNOTE If i change this p  precode[scv setImage[pics objectAtIndexrow]] codepre  pto thisp  precode[scv.myUIImageView setImage[pics objectAtIndexrow]] codepre  pi get this exception [NSCFData isResizable] unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x847a280.p  pWhats the correct way of setting the image byp  pWow it got abit messy, hope its readable. p
Negative 110 pI am working on webdriver using python. I am getting error for following css selectorp  precode65535123 gt tdnthoftype9 gt a codepre  pI read In CSS, identifiers including element names, classes, and IDs in selectors can contain only the characters code[azAZ09]code and ISO 10646 characters U00A1 and higher, plus the hyphen codecode and the underscore codecode they cannot start with a digit, or a hyphen followed by a digit. Identifiers can also contain escaped characters and any ISO 10646 character as a numeric code see next item.code p  pSo I tried followingp  precode65535123 gt tdnthoftype9 gt span  codepre  pBut it didnt work. Can you please let me know the correct way to proceed Should I got for xpath in this scenariop
Negative 110 pIn QML, you can decorate items of a listview vertically or horizontally. But is it possible to make items float like what we do in css I mean something like thisbr  strongemememememememememememstrongbr  Item1  Item2  Item3 br  Item4  Item5  Item6 br  Item7 nbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspbr strongemememememememememstrongbrp
Negative 110 phere is a code snippet where we always animate one codeltdivgtcode and codehidecode the rest. This produces a long list of codehidecode as we add more.    p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     lt[CDATA[             function showSlidingDivVideoCategory                  show what we need                 slidingDivVideoCategory.animateheight toggle,  duration 500                    hide what we dont                 slidingDivAudioCategory.hide                 slidingDivPicturesCategory.hide                 slidingDivAdsCategory.hide                 slidingDivMediaRoom.hide                 slidingDivKeynotePresentations.hide                 slidingDivBlog.hide                 slidingDivAbout.hide                 slidingDivSubmitFootage.hide                 slidingDivContact.hide                 slidingDivSearchBox.hide codepre  pIs there a way that I can codehidecode all codeltdivgtcode so I can just then show the few I want and codeanimatecode the one I want p
Negative 110 pIm currently trying to optimize the following piece of code which is called very frequently in my current projectp  precodeHitlink      self.link,     ip        self.request.META[REMOTEADDR],     referrer  self.request.META[HTTPREFERER],     country   Country.objects.filtershorthandcountrycode.get .save codepre  pwhich generates the following SQL query SQLite backend, for testing purposesp  precodeSELECT  FROM ucpcountry WHERE ucpcountry.shorthand  DE INSERT INTO ucphit linkid, ip, referrer, countryid VALUES 1, 127.0.0.1, http127.0.0.18000ucpmanagelinks, 83 codepre  pwhere codeDEcode is the countrycode and code83code its ID, returned by the SELECT query.p  pIs there some way to tell Django to merge the queries into a single one Im aware of the exception that occurs when an unknown country code is passed, the posted code is only there for explanatory purposes of the problem. Im thinking of something likep  precodeINSERT INTO ucphit linkid, ip, referrer, countryid VALUES 1, 127.0.0.1, http127.0.0.18000ucpmanagelinks,         SELECT id FROM ucpcountry WHERE ucpcountry.shorthand  DE codepre  pIn case the requested country can not be found, the query would be supposed to insert codeNULLcode. Is it possible to tell Django to generate such a query in some wayp
Negative 110 pIm trying to write a ray tracer using OpenCL. I have, however, run into a bit of trouble. p  pI want to share texture memory between OpenGL and OpenCL to avoid unnecessary memory copying back and forth. My program runs fine, I check after each call to GL and CL, and I get no errors whatsoever.p  pAs explained in the title, writing to the texture in the kernel using writeimagef results in 1.0 in every channel.p  pI suspect there is something wrong with the format of the texture, but I have been looking all over the internet for valid texture formats, and I cant see what could be wrong. I have tried different combinations of writeimageui and writeimagef and texture formats with no luck.p  pKernel Programp  precodekernel void Draw global writeonly image2dt image, const int width, const int height       int x  getglobalid0     int y  getglobalid1      Write some red color     writeimagefimage, int2x,y, float41.0f,0.0f,0.0f,1.0f  codepre  pI have confirmed that my kernel is running at all by modifying my code to p  precodeifx lt width2     writeimagefimage, int2x,y, float41.0f,0.0f,0.0f,1.0f codepre  pand initialising my texture to a colour green. The result a half white and half green texture, meaning that the kernel is writing to the image emwhereem it is supposed to but not the correct values.p  pCreation of my texture and creation of clmem objectp  precode Create OpenGL Texture GLuint textureID glGenTextures 1, amptextureID  glBindTexture GLTEXTURE2D, textureID  glTexImage2D GLTEXTURE2D, 0, GLRGBA, imageWidth, imageHeight, 0, GLRGBA, GLFLOAT, nullptr  glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREMAGFILTER, GLLINEAR glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREMINFILTER, GLLINEAR glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREWRAPS, GLCLAMP glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREWRAPT, GLCLAMP   Create OpenCL memobject from gl texture clmem textureMem  clCreateFromGLTexture2D context, CLMEMWRITEONLY, GLTEXTURE2D, 0, textureID, ampret  codepre  pExecuting the kernel and rendering the texturep  precode Main loop ...   Set kernel args ret  clSetKernelArg kernel, 0, sizeofclmem, void amptextureMem  ret  clSetKernelArg kernel, 1, sizeofint, void ampimageWidth  ret  clSetKernelArg kernel, 2, sizeofint, void ampimageHeight   clevent event[3]  Aquire texture ret  clEnqueueAcquireGLObjects commandQueue, 1, amptextureMem, 0, NULL, ampevent[0]    Execute kernel sizet globalWorkSize[]  imageWidth, imageHeight sizet localWorkSize[]  32,32 ret  clEnqueueNDRangeKernel commandQueue, kernel, 2, NULL, globalWorkSize, localWorkSize, 1, ampevent[0], ampevent[1]    Release texture ret  clEnqueueReleaseGLObjects commandQueue, 1, amptextureMem, 1, ampevent[1], ampevent[2]   clWaitForEvents 1, ampevent[2]    Render textured quad with OpenGL glClear GLCOLORBUFFERBIT  glUseProgram quadProgramID  glBindBuffer GLARRAYBUFFER, vertexBuffer  glActiveTextureGLTEXTURE0 glBindTexture GLTEXTURE2D, textureID  glEnableVertexAttribArray 0  glVertexAttribPointer 0, 4, GLFLOAT, GLFALSE, 0, void0  glDrawArrays GLTRIANGLESTRIP, 0, 4  glDisableVertexAttribArray 0  glUseProgram0 glfwSwapBuffers window  glFinish codepre  pI could also add that I have successfully been able to send and process regular float arrays in the kernel using the same host program.p  pI was hoping someone had similar a problem, and as Im completely stuck right now I might as well just throw this question out there.p  pAnd if the code above isnt relevant enough, here is the full source a hrefhttppastebin.comLhBhQDSR relnofollowhttppastebin.comLhBhQDSRap  pI appreciate any help.p
Negative 110 pWhen using the insert DRIVE API function, in combination with the multipart type. The images that are in my document appear to be stripped Its just normal HTML with a img tag.p  pSome 2 weeks ago it worked fine, but somehow it stopped working.p  pI can provide sample HTML and the result GDocs file if needed.p
Negative 110 pWhy are the images scale despite observance of the rules for the different screen sizes. You can see what i mean on the right side on the img.p  pI image sizes are [look at the image on the url]. a hrefhttps1.directupload.netfiled3403gn3a7t8cpng.htm relnofollowhttps1.directupload.netfiled3403gn3a7t8cpng.htmap  pHow can i fix thisp  pSorry for my bad English, German and Polsih speaking are welcome, but not a must.p  precodeltTableLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin toolscontext.MainActivity gt  ltTableRow     androidididtableRow1     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent gt      ltImageView         androidididimageView1         androidlayoutwidth100dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidsrcdrawableimg gt      ltImageView         androidididimageView2         androidlayoutwidth100dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidsrcdrawableimg gt      ltImageView         androidididimageView3         androidlayoutwidth100dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidsrcdrawableimg gt      ltImageView         androidididimageView4         androidlayoutwidth100dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidsrcdrawableimg gt      ltImageView         androidididimageView5         androidlayoutwidth100dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidsrcdrawableimg gt ltTableRowgt codepre  pp  pand how it look on different screen sizes [look at the image on the url]. a hrefhttps14.directupload.netfiled34032wr22nngpng.htm relnofollowhttps14.directupload.netfiled34032wr22nngpng.htmap
Negative 110 pIs there any way we can make only the selected area of a superview transparent I have a UIView with black alpha 0.5 background color. I am putting some hollow circles on the UIView and want the underneath UIView to be transparent so that I could see through it. Any idea p  precode idinitWithFrameCGRectiFrame andHollowFramesNSArray iHollowFrames withRadiusNSNumber iRadius      if self  [super initWithFrameiFrame]  nil          self.hollowFrames   [[NSSet setWithArrayiHollowFrames] allObjects]         self.hollowCircleRadius  iRadius         [self addShadowView]           return self     voidaddShadowView      UIBezierPath path  [UIBezierPath bezierPathWithRoundedRectCGRectMake0, 0, self.bounds.size.width, self.bounds.size.height cornerRadius0]      for NSValue point in self.hollowFrames          UIBezierPath circlePath  [UIBezierPath bezierPathWithRoundedRectCGRectMakepoint.CGPointValue.x  self.hollowCircleRadius.floatValue, point.CGPointValue.y  self.hollowCircleRadius.floatValue, 2.0  self.hollowCircleRadius.floatValue, 2.0  self.hollowCircleRadius.floatValue cornerRadiusself.hollowCircleRadius.floatValue]          [path appendPathcirclePath]           [path setUsesEvenOddFillRuleYES]      CAShapeLayer fillLayer  [CAShapeLayer layer]     fillLayer.path  path.CGPath     fillLayer.fillRule  kCAFillRuleEvenOdd     fillLayer.fillColor  [UIColor blackColor].CGColor     fillLayer.opacity  0.5     [self.layer addSublayerfillLayer]  codepre
Negative 110 pI know that I must add return false to function called in onsubmit I added it to function and onsubmit in HTML. But it doesnt work... Page freshing after pressing Enter or clicking submit button.p  pJavaScript generated formsp  precodeAnswersHTML  ltdivgtltform onsubmitchekingthis,  a  ,  b  , this return falsegtltinput classput typetext size40gtltinput typesubmit valuegtltformgt codepre  pand functionp  precodefunction checkinganswer, nums, numq, what  var usr  answer if isNaNanswer      usr  answer.value     if answer.value.length            usr               else          answer  answer.value.toLowerCase       if answer  correct[nums][numq]      what.parent.parent.appendltbrgtltspan classrightgt   usr  ltbrgtltspangt.slideDown     what.parent.parent.find.put.remove     board.animate backgroundColor 2ecc71     board.animate backgroundColor f1c40f, 1000     if isPhysics[nums][numq]          physics         presult.textphysics          else          life         lresult.textlife       else      board.animate backgroundColor e74c3c     board.animate backgroundColor f1c40f, 1000     var desciptionToWrong  ltbrgt  description[nums][numq]     if description[nums][numq]  false          desciptionToWrong            what.parent.parent.appendltbrgtltspan classwronggt   usr  ltbrgt  desciptionToWrong  ltspangt     what.parent.parent.find.put.remove     what.remove.pressenter  return false codepre  pp  pSorry for my possibly disgusting codep  pHeres the full page a hrefhttpsrawgithub.comruslankhKurchatovymasterindex.html relnofollowhttpsrawgithub.comruslankhKurchatovymasterindex.htmlap  pProblem in function because when Im replaced function to just alert, it was finep
Negative 110 pConsider the following simplified HTML and jQuery codep  precodeltselect idselect1gt   ltoption value10gt10ltoptiongt   ltoption value5gt5ltoptiongt   ltoption selectedselected value1gt1ltoptiongt ltselectgt  select1.changefunction    if select1.val gt 5     select1.val1    alertSelect set to 1    codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netmheffelBJJ9D relnofollowfiddleap  pIf the user selects 10 from the select control its reset to 1 from within the controls own change event.  This works from browsers on my desktop machine, but not on Chrome or Safari on an iPhone or iPad.  Actually on mobile browsers the selection IS set to 1 and then back to 10p  pBasically, Im trying to limit what a user can select under certain conditions.p  pIs there a way to reset an option on a select control from within its own change event, and have it work in mobile browsersp
Negative 110 pIm trying to load a particular scene from storyboard dynamically using its story board id. It is more like loading a separate nib file through storyboard. I have a scene with a storyboard id storyid. Then Im trying to load it but unable get that scene on my screen when it is loaded. I get no errors in the code. p  precode IBActionbtnLoadSceneClickedidsender      NSLogbtnLoadSceneClicked     [self.storyboard instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifierstoryid]  codepre
Negative 110 pI am submitting json model through ajax post. Its not working after adding user validation.p  precode    var token  input[nameRequestVerificationToken].val     var headers       headers[RequestVerificationToken]  token          .ajax             url SalesQuotationCreate,             cache false,             headers headers,             data JSON.stringifysalesquotation,             type POST,             contentType applicationjson,             dataType json,             async false,             success function result                  if result.Success  1                     window.location.href  SalesQuotationCreate                                  else                      alertresult.ex                                         codepre  pstrongController strongp  precode   [HttpPost]    [ValidateAntiForgeryToken]    public JsonResult CreateSalesQuotation salesquotation              try                      if ModelState.IsValid                              if salesquotation.QuotationId gt 0                                       var CurrentsalesQuotationSUb  db.SalesQuotationSubs.Wherep gt p.QuotationId  salesquotation.QuotationId                     foreach SalesQuotationSub ss in CurrentsalesQuotationSUb                         db.SalesQuotationSubs.Removess                      var CurrentsalesQuotationDta  db.DTATrans.Wherep gt p.QuotationId  salesquotation.QuotationId                     foreach DTATran ss in CurrentsalesQuotationDta                         db.DTATrans.Removess                      foreach SalesQuotationSub ss in salesquotation.salesquotationsubs                         db.SalesQuotationSubs.Addss                      foreach DTATran ss in salesquotation.dtatrans                         db.DTATrans.Addss                      db.Entrysalesquotation.State  EntityState.Modified                                  else                                      db.SalesQuotations.Addsalesquotation                                   db.SaveChanges                                catch Exception ex                      return Jsonnew  Success  0, ex  Unable to save...   ex.Message.ToString                 return Jsonnew  Success  1, ex  new ExceptionSaved successfully..Message.ToString       codepre  pstrongViewstrongp  precodeusing Html.BeginForm       Html.ValidationSummarytrue     ltinput nameRequestVerificationToken typehidden               valueH4zpQFvPdmEdGCLsFgeByj0xgBODBjIMvtSl5anoNaOfX4V69Pt1OvnjIbZuYrpgzWxWHIjbng gt codepre  pThe server return p  pWhat could be missing in my method. Please advice....p
Negative 110 pfor a class assignment I have to write a class definition. Its called Employee class, something really basic for my first c class.p  pMy problem is in the first forloop, when I try to adjust the salary based on the new percentage.  The variables inside the class dont change after that. I dont know what could be wrong anymore. p  pThe code isp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltstringgt  using namespace std   class Employee  private     int emplSalary     string employeeName  public     Employee     Employeestring name,int salary     string getName     int getSalary     void newSalaryint percent      void input     void output  EmployeeEmployee      emplSalary0     employeeName  EmployeeEmployeestring name,int sal      employeeNamename     emplSalary sal  string EmployeegetName      return employeeName  int EmployeegetSalary      return emplSalary  void EmployeenewSalaryint percent       emplSalary emplSalary 1percent100     coutltltI calculatedltltendl          ifpercent lt 0               coutltltInvalid Percentage         coutltltI calculatedltltendl          else              emplSalary emplSalary 1percent100         coutltltI calculatedltltendl            void Employeeinput      cout ltlt Enter Name           cingtgt employeeName         coutltltn         coutltltEnter Salary           cingtgtemplSalary         coutltltn  void Employeeoutput      cout ltlt Name  ltlt employeeName ltlt  ltlt Salary  ltlt emplSalary ltlt endl     coutltltn    int main      const int NUMBEREMPLOYEE 1     Employee employees[NUMBEREMPLOYEE]     int percent     coutltltWelcome to Employee program. Enter Name and Salary when prompted.ltltendl     coutltltn     coutltltn       for int i0 iltNUMBEREMPLOYEE i               employees[i]Employee         employees[i].input         coutltltWhat percentage to raise the salary          cingtgtpercent         employees[i].newSalarypercent          for int i0 iltNUMBEREMPLOYEE i              employees[i].output            return EXITSUCCESS  codepre  pand the output isp  precodeWelcome to Employee program. Enter Name and Salary when prompted.   Enter Name  Enter Salary  What percentage to raise the salary I calculated Name   Salary 0 codepre
Negative 110 pcan someone give me a proper explanation why in java or is this applicable to all programming language if the path is retrieved from the database, it is okay to use only 1 slash like 192.168.173.220folderfolder1folder2 instead of 192.168.173.220folderfolder1folder2.p
Negative 110 pI have simple gallery that I show like sop  precodelta hrefimggraphassetviewcenterimage1.jpggt     ltimg srcimggraphassetviewcenterimage1.jpg gt ltagt codepre  pIs it possible to show codedivcode instead of image on center I tried to do something like this but it didnt work. It showed the image like even I didnt change anything.p  precodeltdiv stylewidth 300px height 300px background bluegt     ltimg srcimggraphassetviewcenterimage1.jpg gt ltagt codepre
Negative 110 precode    file  filedir     string  mystring     foreachfile as keygtvalue          ifstrcmpvalue, string             unsetfile[key]               codepre  pWhy unset only last string and how to fix itp
Negative 110 pIm using google maps api v3. Im displaying InfoWindow,and we know that unless autopan is disabled, an InfoWindow will pan the map to make itself visible when it is opened. p  pBut i want to make the infowindow is fully visible when it opens with out pan the map,like intelligently switch the position and dimensions of the InfoWindow depending on where the edge is.p  pMaybe some would suggest a hrefhttpgmapssamplesv3.googlecode.comsvntrunksmartinfowindowsmartinfowindow.html relnofollowsmartinfowindowa, but there is some problems with smartinfowindow,you can test it.p  pIs there any other wayp  pThank you very muchp
Negative 110 pI have a situation where I need to set oracle session variablescontext before read amp write events happen this is a requirement by the client and not negotiable.p  pWhere would be the best place to insert this code  Im already overriding the codeDBContext.Newcode method as well as codeDBContext.OnModelCreatingcode for other purposes, but I cant tell if either of them are the true beginning of the entire database session since EF is stateless...p  pPretty sure the actual code would be a simple codeMe.Database.SqlQuerycode, just need to be sure of where to put it.p  pMy perceived optionsp  h11h1  precodeProtected Overrides Sub OnModelCreatingmodelBuilder As DbModelBuilder     [Other Code]      MyBase.OnModelCreatingmodelBuilder      Me.Database.ExecuteSqlCommandSESSIONCOMMAND End Sub codepre  h12h1  precodeUsing CTX As New MyContext     CTX.Database.ExecuteSqlCommandSESSIONCOMMAND      [OTHER CODE] End Using codepre  h13h1  precodePublic Sub New     MyBase.New         New OracleConnection             ConfigurationManager.ConnectionStringsMyContext.ConnectionString,          True      Me.Database.ExecuteSqlCommandSESSIONCOMMAND End Sub codepre  pIm pretty sure 3 is not possible because EF opens the connection after this sub, so I cant execute a command against it yet at this point.p
Negative 110 pCurrently I have 3 MySQL tables, one filed with the users information, one with their course history and the last one filled with their reward history.p  pI am attempting to create a rewards program if you will, using these two databases and a PHP script. As far as the reward requirements, I have 2 arrays setup for the two types of rewardsp  precodePen Reward with course A amp B required penarraya,b  Cup Reward with course B amp C required cuparrayb,c codepre  pI cant figure out how to first query for all user IDs, then go through their history. If they match the requirements set above, then to update the reward table to 1 to show that they received the awardp  pstrongUsersDBstrongp  precodeuserid    name  1         bill 2         john 3         steve codepre  pstrongHistoryDBstrongp  precodeuserid    courseid  1         a 1         b 2         b 3         a 3         c codepre  pstrongRewardHistoryDBstrongp  precodeuserid    pen    cup    1         0      0 2         0      0 3         0      0 codepre  pIdeally it after the PHP script runs, it would update the RewardHistoryDB to reflect that user 1 received a pen, and user 3 received a cup.the DB would look like thisp  pstrongRewardHistoryDBstrong afterp  precodeuserid    pen    cup    1         1      0 2         0      0 3         0      1 codepre  pHere is the PHP code I am using right now not completep  precodeuseridarray i0  Find All users result  mysqliquerycon,SELECT userid FROM usersdb while row  mysqlifetcharrayresult     universityid[i]row[universityid]     i   Find History courseidarray foreach userid as userid1 result  mysqliquerycon,SELECT courseid FROM historydb WHERE userid.userid1.     while row  mysqlifetcharrayresult         courseid[]row        Update Reward DB Dont even know where to start... codepre  pAny help would be greatly appreciated.  If you have any questions, please let me know. p  pThank you in advanced p
Negative 110 pI was wondering if anyone knows how to set up Eclipse to debug a heroku app locally On Heroku it shows how to locally deploy the app using this command java jar targetdependencywebapprunner.jar target.war on cmd but is there a way to run the app on Eclipsep  pThank youp
Negative 110 pI have made a custom View which has the codeOnTouchEventMotionEvent eventcode method. This makes the view change color when it is pressed. p  pI have also implemented an codeOnTouchListenercode to my activity and then register the view with it by doing this codeview.setOnTouchListenerthiscode This brings up a problem that means that only the activitys codeOnTouchListenercode works.p  pIs there a solution to thisp  pThis is my code after trying the link given in the comments. Sorry for the amountp  pMy custom viewp  precodepublic class DotView extends View implements OnTouchListener       int RADIUS  30     int prevRADIUS      private Paint paint  new Paint      float mTranslateX     float mTranslateY      int dotX, dotY, color      private Activity context  null      public void ReservedCanvasActivity context          supercontext          this.context  context          this.paint  new Paint          setFocusabletrue         setFocusableInTouchModetrue          this.setOnTouchListenerthis          paint.setAntiAliastrue           public DotViewContext context, AttributeSet attrs          supercontext, attrs          paint.setAntiAliastrue         paint.setStrokeWidth6f         paint.setStylePaint.Style.FILL         paint.setStrokeJoinPaint.Join.ROUND         paint.setColorColor.BLACK            public void setColorint color          paint.setColorcolor         invalidate           public int getColor          return paint.getColor           public void setRadiusint radius          RADIUS  radius         invalidate           public int getRadius          return RADIUS           public void onDrawCanvas canvas           super.onDrawcanvas         canvas.save         canvas.translatemTranslateX, mTranslateY         canvas.drawCircle0, 0, RADIUS, paint         canvas.restore            Override     protected void onMeasureint widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec          super.onMeasurewidthMeasureSpec, heightMeasureSpec         final int dia  RADIUS  4          int w  resolveSizedia, widthMeasureSpec         int h  resolveSizedia, heightMeasureSpec         setMeasuredDimensionw, h         float radius  Math.minw, h  2F         mTranslateX  radius         mTranslateY  radius            private void setOnTouchFeedbackBoolean bool           TODO Check this works          if bool  true           int rad  getRadius         prevRADIUS  rad         float touchedRad  float rad  1.4         int rounded  Math.roundtouchedRad         setRadiusrounded                      Override     public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event          int action  event.getAction amp MotionEvent.ACTIONMASK          switch action          case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN              this.pointerPressedevent             break                  case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE              this.pointerDraggedevent             break                  case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP              this.pointerReleased             break                            return true           protected void pointerPressedMotionEvent event           you can save touch point here          setOnTouchFeedbacktrue           protected void pointerDraggedMotionEvent event           for get x gt eveevent.getX          for get y gt eveevent.getY          this.repaint           protected void pointerReleased            public void repaint          this.invalidate       codepre
Negative 110 pI am using codeMVC4code and Im trying to modify the allocation procedure for authenticating a user and assign roles to users. Everything works fine for the attribute code[Authorize Users  adminadmin]code, but the code[Authorize Roles  Admin]code every time there is a login page and lack of access.p  pGlobal.asax.csp  precodeprotected void ApplicationAuthenticateRequestobject sender, EventArgs e                       look if any security information exists for this request             if HttpContext.Current.User  null                               see if this user is authenticated, any authenticated cookie ticket exists for this user                 if HttpContext.Current.User.Identity.IsAuthenticated                                       see if the authentication is done using FormsAuthentication                     if HttpContext.Current.User.Identity is FormsIdentity                                               Get the roles stored for this request from the ticket                          get the identity of the user                         FormsIdentity identity  FormsIdentityHttpContext.Current.User.Identity                         Get the form authentication ticket of the user                         FormsAuthenticationTicket ticket  identity.Ticket                         Get the roles stored as UserData into ticket                         Listltstringgt roles  new Listltstringgt                         if identity.Name  adminadmin                             roles.AddAdmin                         Create general prrincipal and assign it to current request                          HttpContext.Current.User  new System.Security.Principal.GenericPrincipalidentity, roles.ToArray                                                             codepre  pAccountControllerp  precode[InitializeSimpleMembership] public class AccountController  Controller  public ActionResult Login      return View   [HttpPost] public ActionResult LoginLoginModel model, string returnUrl       Lets first check if the Model is valid or not     if ModelState.IsValid                  string username  model.UserName             string password  model.Password              bool userValid  username  password  true  false               User is valid             if userValid                               FormsAuthentication.SetAuthCookieusername, false                 if Url.IsLocalUrlreturnUrl ampamp returnUrl.Length gt 1 ampamp returnUrl.StartsWith                     ampamp returnUrl.StartsWith ampamp returnUrl.StartsWith                                      return RedirectreturnUrl                                  else                                      return RedirectToActionIndex, Home                                           else                              ModelState.AddModelError, The user name or password provided is incorrect.                         If we got this far, something failed, redisplay form     return Viewmodel   public ActionResult LogOff      FormsAuthentication.SignOut      return RedirectToActionIndex, Home  codepre  pp  pHomeController.csp  precode public class HomeController  Controller              [AllowAnonymous]         public ActionResult Index                      ViewBag.Message  Modify this template to jumpstart your ASP.NET MVC application.              return View                   [Authorize]         public ActionResult About                      ViewBag.Message  Your app description page.              return View                   [AuthorizeRoles  Admin]         public ActionResult Contact                      ViewBag.Message  Your contact page.              return View               codepre  pWeb.configp  precode...     ltauthentication modeFormsgt       ltforms loginUrlAccountLogin timeout2880gt     ltauthenticationgt ... codepre
Negative 110 pI have a clientserver architechture where all the processes connects to the same database SQL Server and all the communication between the processes is done through the database. I use LINQ System.Data.Linq.DataContext to interact with the database.p  pSince the different processes may have assynchronous times, and comparing DateTimes is something very relevant to my application, I want whenever a process needs to write the current DateTime in the database, I want it to use the current time of the SQL Server, instead of the OS current time. It may need the SQL Servers time also to compare with values it reads.p  pMy question is basically how to access the SQL Server time through LINQ that would be enough to I make what I want, but any better suggestion is appreciated.p
Negative 110 pcurrently Im having a database with lots of records around 3000p  pi want want to export the whole database for using it as a nosql database on a mobileapp with nosql technologies like couchdb or something like this.p  pwhat is the best way to do such an exportp  pmy approach was to get the data via doctrine and then do some jsonencode, but this results in a very long lasting request which ends up in a crash of my application server apachep  pmy second approach would be a manual export of the whole database to json format and parse it on my mobileapp, but isnt there another wayp
Negative 110 pis there a way that I can animate the d attribute of the following svg path p  precodeltsvg xmlnshttpwww.w3.org2000svg version1.1gt ltpath idtheEl dM0 0, L 0 500, L 600 500, L 600 0 strokeblack strokewidth10gt ltsvggt codepre  pIf I want to change it I know that this would be enoughp  precodedocument.getElementByIdtheEl.setAttribute d, M0 0, L 0 200, L 200 200, L 600 0  codepre  pBut what if we want this to animatemorph Say I have a button that on click it toggles between these 2 paths.p  pIve seen a couple of answers about it and they suggest to create an SVG animation element and then add it to the svg DOM element. But this would mean that every time the button is clicked we would need to appendremove that animation element right Isnt there a simpler way Without using any svg libs Thanks a bunchp
Negative 110 pI want to coderesizecode a resizable, draggable image on codedocument.readycode.p  pThe problem is that if I change the width of the image the rest of resizabledraggable will be broken.p  pStarting demo a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net8VY52 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net8VY52abr codeimage.width50code  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net8VY52141 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net8VY52141ap  pIs there any coderesizecode event that must be triggeredp
Negative 110 pI want, from my archetype, to create an xml file which name has two variables concatenated together.p  pExample archetypemetadata.xmlp  precodeltrequiredPropertiesgt     ltrequiredProperty keycategorygt     ltrequiredProperty keydescriptiongt ltrequiredPropertiesgt codepre  pGiven categoryMyCategory and descriptionMyDescription, I want my file to be named MyCateogryMyDescription.xml. Not MyCategoryMyDescription.xml nor anything else with something between the two.p  pThe reason behind this weird, specific, inflexible requirement is, well, obviously backward compatibility with standards I dont want to touch.p  pMy first try was the obvious categorydescription.xml, but it turns out that the generated file is named MyCategorydescription.xml. If I add something between them, like a dash as categorydescription.xml it resolves correctly to MyCategoryMyDescription.xml, but thats not what I want as I said before.p
Negative 110 pI have a lot of entries for legend.can any one please help to make the codeCPTLegendcode scrollablep  pHere is the code that i am using for codeCPTLegendcode.p  precodevoidconfigureLegend       1  Get graph instance     CPTGraph graph  self.hostView.hostedGraph      2  Create legend     CPTLegend theLegend  [CPTLegend legendWithGraphgraph]      3  Configure legen     theLegend.numberOfColumns  1     theLegend.fill  [CPTFill fillWithColor[CPTColor clearColor]]     theLegend.borderLineStyle  [CPTLineStyle lineStyle]     theLegend.cornerRadius  2.0      4  Add legend to graph     graph.legend  theLegend          graph.legendAnchor  CPTRectAnchorBottom     CGFloat legendPadding  self.view.bounds.size.width  3     graph.legendDisplacement  CGPointMake80, 120.0   codepre
Negative 110 pI currently have a caller ID program which logs all phone calls into a mySQL database via a service running on a linux server.  To view this I have a php page to parse the data and allow notes or comments to be entered or viewed.  Currently the page has to be manually refreshed when a new call comes in.  I could have the page automatically refresh after x number of seconds but I was hoping there maybe a way to have the page automatically refresh when a new entry is put in to the mySQL table  Any help or direction would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 110 pIm having trouble displaying this LINQ query in a dataGridviewp  precodevar result  from myrow in MydataTable.AsEnumerable                          where liste.Anyx gt myrow.FieldltstringgtID.ToUpper.Containsx.ToUpper                          select myrow MyGrigdView.DataSource  result.Tolist codepre  pOutput img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comiyZol.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pAttempting to use the Gracenote gem to hit the web api  registers fine but the query times out  anyone out there able to use this successfullyp
Negative 110 pI am confused on how the client actually makes the connection to the server if the server is remotenot on the same machine as the client. My code works fine using localhost but i cant figure out how the client actually makes the connection to the server host so that it looks up the rmiregistry. Im confused on what gets stored in the registry for the server, is it Sample or localhost This may be dumb but i tried to convert localhost to its ipaddress on the client side and do  String url    server    1099  Sample where server is the ip from getbyname but i get a exception java.rmi.NotBoundException 127.0.0.11099Sample That was with the client and server on both machines. Im just trying to figure out how the two connect remotely but it didnt even work on the same machine using the ip address of localhost.p  pClientp  precode import java.net.InetAddress import java.rmi.Naming import java.rmi.RemoteException  public class SampleClient       public static void mainString args[]                 String url    localhost    1099  Sample              SampleInterface sample  SampleInterfaceNaming.lookupurl             catchException e              System.out.printlnSampleClient exception   e                codepre  pServerp  precode  import java.io.FileInputStream import java.io.FileNotFoundException import java.io.FileReader import java.io.IOException import java.rmi.Naming import java.rmi.RemoteException import java.rmi.RMISecurityManager import java.rmi.server.UnicastRemoteObject  public class SampleServer      public static void mainString args[] throws IOException            Create and install a security manager         if System.getSecurityManager  null             System.setSecurityManagernew RMISecurityManager         try               String url  localhost  1099  Sample             System.out.printlnbinding   url             Naming.rebindurl, new Sample              Naming.rebindSample, new Sample             System.out.printlnserver   url   is running...                  catch Exception e              System.out.printlnSample server failed  e.getMessage                codepre
Negative 110 pWhat Im trying to do is trivial to define by hand, basicallyp  precodemaybeCombine  agtagta gt Maybe a gt Maybe a gt Maybe a maybeCombine  Nothing Nothing  Nothing maybeCombine  Just a Nothing  Just a maybeCombine  Nothing Just a  Just a maybeCombine f Just a Just a  Just  f a a codepre  pIts not a big deal to a hrefhttpsgithub.comleftaroundabouttimedmediablobmasterMediaTimedMiscUtilData.hsdefine this locally when neededa, but still cumbersone and being so basic and general it seems there should be a standard implementation, yet I cant seem to find one.p  pPerhaps Im just overlooking something. What I want seems quite unrelated on the behaviour of the maybe monad, so I reckon I wont find anything in the MonadArrow drawers but it sure resembles the codeMonoidcode instancep  blockquote   pPrelude Data.Monoid Just a lt Nothing   brJust a    brPrelude Data.Monoid Just a lt Just b     br  Just ab     br...p blockquote  p...which however requires codeacode to be a monoid itself, i.e. that it basically has the codeagtagtacode built in. The codeMonadPluscode instance also behaves much like I want, but it simply throws away one of the values rather than allowing me to supply a combination functionp  blockquote   pPrelude Data.Monoid Control.Monad Just 4 mplus Nothingbr   Just 4br   Prelude Data.Monoid Control.Monad Nothing mplus Just 4br   Just 4br   Prelude Data.Monoid Control.Monad Just 4 mplus Just 5br   Just 4brp blockquote  pstrongWhat would be the canonical solutionstrong Local pattern matching Something with combinators from e.g. codeData.Maybecode Defining a custom monoid to do the combiningp
Negative 110 pI am new to Bluehost and Django and I am trying to setup a password reset via email function on my Bluehost server with Django. Ive tried different combinations on setting the host and port number but for some reason it never worked. So heres what I had I am currently only working on my local computer.p  pOn Bluehost website where I can configure my email account, it listsp  pstrongManual Settingsstrongp  ul liMail Server Username adminmyhost.comli liIncoming Mail Server mail.myhost.comli liIncoming Mail Server SSL box664.bluehost.comli liOutgoing Mail Server mail.myhost.com server requires authentication port 26li liOutgoing Mail Server SSL box664.bluehost.com server requires authentication port 465li liSupported Incoming Mail Protocols POP3, POP3S SSLTLS, IMAP, IMAPS SSLTLSli liSupported Outgoing Mail Protocols SMTP, SMTPS SSLTLSli ul  hr  pIn settings.py I have the emails configured as I will list two combinations and the corresponding error messagep  pstrongcombination 1strongp  precodeDEFAULTFROMEMAIL   adminmyhost.com SERVEREMAIL  adminmyhost.com EMAILUSETLS    False EMAILHOST       box664.bluehost.com EMAILHOSTPASSWORD  myemailpassword EMAILHOSTUSER  adminmyhost.com EMAILPORT       465 EMAILBACKEND  django.core.mail.backends.smtp.EmailBackend codepre  perror message emException Value Connection unexpectedly closedemp  pstrongcombination 2strong   p  precodeDEFAULTFROMEMAIL   adminmyhost.com SERVEREMAIL  adminmyhost.com EMAILUSETLS    True EMAILHOST       mail.myhost.com EMAILHOSTPASSWORD  myemailpassword EMAILHOSTUSER  adminmyhost.com EMAILPORT       26 EMAILBACKEND  django.core.mail.backends.smtp.EmailBackend codepre  perror message emException Value 535, Incorrect authentication dataemp  hr  pCould anyone give me some suggestions where I did wrong Any help is appreciated.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to connect my android application to an external database. I have some php scripts on a ftp server that provide some function for my database. On my phpmyadmin database i have a table users. when i try to insert a new user my android app access to my php scripts but then the mysqlquery return always false and the user doesnt appear in my table on the online database. in my ftp site i have a index.php file and a folder include. in this folder i have three files with functions and parameters config.php, dbconnect.php, dbfunction.php.p  pprobably the error is stupid, but i am new to php. thanks to everyone.p  phere is my java code i use registerUser to insert the user using getjsonfromurlp  precodeprivate static String loginURL  phpscriptadressonftp     private static String registerURL  phpscriptadressonftp      private static String logintag  login     private static String registertag  register  public JSONObject registerUserString name, String email, String password          Building Parameters         ListltNameValuePairgt params  new ArrayListltNameValuePairgt         params.addnew BasicNameValuePairtag, registertag         params.addnew BasicNameValuePairname, name         params.addnew BasicNameValuePairemail, email         params.addnew BasicNameValuePairpassword, password           getting JSON Object         JSONObject json  jsonParser.getJSONFromUrlregisterURL, params          return json         return json      codepre  pthat is the jsonfromurl functionp  precodepublic JSONObject getJSONFromUrlString url, ListltNameValuePairgt params            Making HTTP request         try               defaultHttpClient             DefaultHttpClient httpClient  new DefaultHttpClient             HttpPost httpPost  new HttpPosturl             httpPost.setEntitynew UrlEncodedFormEntityparams              HttpResponse httpResponse  httpClient.executehttpPost             HttpEntity httpEntity  httpResponse.getEntity             is  httpEntity.getContent           catch UnsupportedEncodingException e              e.printStackTrace          catch ClientProtocolException e              e.printStackTrace          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace                   try              BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReader                     is, iso88591, 8             StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder             String line  null             while line  reader.readLine  null                  sb.appendline  n                          is.close             json  sb.toString             Log.eJSON, json          catch Exception e              Log.eBuffer Error, Error converting result   e.toString                    try parse the string to a JSON object         try              jObj  new JSONObjectjson                      catch JSONException e              Log.eJSON Parser, Error parsing data   e.toString                    return JSON String         return jObj       codepre  phere is my index.php file that i call from android app. user  dbstoreUsername, email, password return always false with error number 1 error in registrationp  precodeltphp     File to handle all API requests   Accepts GET and POST      Each request will be identified by TAG   Response will be JSON data       check for POST request    if issetPOST[tag] ampamp POST[tag]         get tag     tag  POST[tag]       include db handler     requireonce includeDBFunctions.php     db  new DBFunctions       response Array     response  arraytag gt tag, success gt 0, error gt 0       check for tag type     if tag  login           Request type is check Login         email  POST[email]         password  POST[password]           check for user         user  dbgtgetUserByEmailAndPasswordemail, password         if user  false               user found              echo json with success  1             response[success]  1             response[uid]  user[uniqueid]             response[user][name]  user[name]             response[user][email]  user[email]             response[user][createdat]  user[createdat]             response[user][updatedat]  user[updatedat]             echo jsonencoderesponse          else               user not found              echo json with error  1             response[error]  1             response[errormsg]  Incorrect email or password             echo jsonencoderesponse               else  if tag  register           Request type is Register new user         name  POST[name]         email  POST[email]         password  POST[password]           check if user is already existed         if dbgtisUserExistedemail               user is already existed  error response             response[error]  2             response[errormsg]  User already existed             echo jsonencoderesponse          else               store user             user  dbgtstoreUsername, email, password             if user                   user stored successfully                 response[success]  1                 response[uid]  user[uniqueid]                 response[user][name]  user[name]                 response[user][email]  user[email]                 response[user][createdat]  user[createdat]                 response[user][updatedat]  user[updatedat]                 echo jsonencoderesponse              else                   user failed to store                 response[error]  1                 response[errormsg]  Error occured in Registration                 echo jsonencoderesponse                            else          echo Invalid Request       else      echo Access Denied  gt codepre  phere is my config.php. is it correct to specify the host in this way i also tried with httpp  precodeltphp     Database config variables   defineDBHOST, sql3.freemysqlhosting.net defineDBUSER, myuser defineDBPASSWORD, mypsw defineDBDATABASE, mydbname gt codepre  phere is connectdb.phpp  precodeltphp class DBConnect        constructor     function construct              destructor     function destruct           thisgtclose            Connecting to database     public function connect          requireonce includeconfig.php          connecting to mysql         con  mysqlconnectDBHOST, DBUSER, DBPASSWORD          selecting database         mysqlselectdbDBDATABASE           return database handler         return con            Closing database connection     public function close          mysqlclose         gt codepre  phere is dbfunctions.phpp  precodeltphp  class DBFunctions       private db      put your code here      constructor     function construct          requireonce DBConnect.php          connecting to database         thisgtdb  new DBConnect         thisgtdbgtconnect            destructor     function destruct                    Storing new user       returns user details           public function storeUsername, email, password          uuid  uniqid, true         hash  thisgthashSSHApassword         encryptedpassword  hash[encrypted]  encrypted password         salt  hash[salt]  salt         result  mysqlqueryINSERT INTO usersuniqueid, name, email, encryptedpassword, salt, createdat VALUESuuid, name, email, encryptedpassword, salt, NOW          check for successful store         if result               get user details              uid  mysqlinsertid  last inserted id             result  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM users WHERE uid  uid              return user details             return mysqlfetcharrayresult          else              return false                           Get user by email and password           public function getUserByEmailAndPasswordemail, password          result  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM users WHERE email  email or diemysqlerror          check for result          noofrows  mysqlnumrowsresult         if noofrows gt 0              result  mysqlfetcharrayresult             salt  result[salt]             encryptedpassword  result[encryptedpassword]             hash  thisgtcheckhashSSHAsalt, password              check for password equality             if encryptedpassword  hash                   user authentication details are correct                 return result                       else               user not found             return false                           Check user is existed or not           public function isUserExistedemail          result  mysqlquerySELECT email from users WHERE email  email         noofrows  mysqlnumrowsresult         if noofrows gt 0               user existed              return true          else               user not existed             return false                           Encrypting password       param password       returns salt and encrypted password           public function hashSSHApassword           salt  sha1rand         salt  substrsalt, 0, 10         encrypted  base64encodesha1password . salt, true . salt         hash  arraysalt gt salt, encrypted gt encrypted         return hash                  Decrypting password       param salt, password       returns hash string           public function checkhashSSHAsalt, password           hash  base64encodesha1password . salt, true . salt          return hash           gt codepre  pEDIT i modified the dbfunction.php to return also mysqlerror but it return nothingp  precodepublic function storeUsername, email, password,error          uuid  uniqid, true         hash  thisgthashSSHApassword         encryptedpassword  hash[encrypted]  encrypted password         salt  hash[salt]  salt         result  mysqliqueryINSERT INTO usersuniqueid, name, email, encryptedpassword, salt, createdat VALUESuuid, name, email, encryptedpassword, salt, NOW          check for successful store         if result               get user details              uid  mysqliinsertid  last inserted id             result  mysqliquerySELECT  FROM users WHERE uid  uid              return user details error  mysqlerror             return mysqlfetcharrayresult          else  error  mysqlerror             return false               codepre  pand i modiied the index.php to return the mysqlerror .... ....p  precode user  dbgtstoreUsername, email, password,error             if user                   user stored successfully                 response[success]  1                 response[uid]  user[uniqueid]                 response[user][name]  user[name]                 response[user][email]  user[email]                 response[user][createdat]  user[createdat]                 response[user][updatedat]  user[updatedat]                 echo jsonencoderesponse              else                   user failed to store                 response[error]  1                 response[errormsg]  error                 echo jsonencoderesponse              codepre  p... ...p  palso i used mysqliquery and not mysqlquery but nothing changed.p  pstrongSOLUTIONstrong  I found out that altervista made a redirect of my HTTP POST and after the redirect it became a HTTP GET without parameters. i dont know what was the reason. i have the domain .com but it redirect the request to .org. so i made the request directly to .org and it starts workingp
Negative 110 pThe default oflaDemo application in Red5 uses JWplayer to play flvmp4 videos. The code as in the index.html file is p  precodeltcentergt ltbgtRTMPltbgt ltdiv idmediaspacegtThis text will be replacedltdivgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt   jwplayermediaspace.setup     flashplayer player.swf,     file hobbitvp6.mp4,     streamer rtmplocalhostoflaDemo,     controlbar bottom,     width 848,     height 360    ltscriptgt ltbr gt ltdivgt codepre  pHowever, a hrefhttpwww.longtailvideo.comsupportjwplayerjwplayerforflashv522644usingthehtml5videotag relnofollowthis page in the JW Player websitea states that it is possible to use the HTML5 codevideocode tag instead of flash to stream the videos. But then, from what I know, the codevideocode tag does not support RTMP streaming. How do I incorporate the codevideocode tag into the above code in the oflaDemo codeindex.htmlcode pagep
Negative 110 pi seriously suck at format. VJS  VARCHAR23000 im working with this javascript function and i keep getting error [Error] PLS00103 633 20 PLS00103 Encountered the symbol  when expecting one of the followingp  ul lipamp     lt   at in is mod remainder not rem  lt or  or   lt lt and or like like2 like4p  pVJS  VJSvar GRELURLowautil.getcgienvSCRIPTNAME CHR10       VJS  VJSCHR10p  precode      function makeRequestCHR10             var vdatasales CHR10             pvCurrCdpvCurrCdCURRDEF                CHR10        .ajax        urlGRELURL contrentrypkg.SELECTSALESCENTERS,       datavdatasales,       asyncfalse,        success functionvRetVal             var jsonObj   evalvRetVal              div.htmldata             processCCResponsevdatasales,transCount,retVal                                     CHR10  codepre  pps CHR10 is a line feed for plsql.pli ul
Negative 110 pFirst off, I am new to programming and I am working on a small application where I want key binds for the user to be able to press.  Currently, I am using the Virtual Key which means you have to press emALTKEYem but Id rather it just be that you have to press emKEYPRESSem. Code I have for the emKeyListenerem.p  pMy button current keybindp  precodecommandsButton.setMnemonicKeyEvent.VKA codepre  pMy button listenerp  precodecommandsButton.addActionListenernew ActionListener           public void actionPerformedActionEvent evt              runCommand        codepre  pId rather be able to press just emAem and not emALTAemp
Negative 110 pThanks to codeSpy, I have this a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netp9tBRhttpjsfiddle.netp9tBRap  pWhat I cant figure out is how to change the blue line as I change pages. For example, if Im on page 2, I want the blue line to be under the 2 instead of the 1. When Im on page 24, the line goes back to the 1. Sorry Im awful at explaining this so heres a picture.p  pimg srchttpi.imgur.comd5tQqKj.png alt1p  pHTMLp  precodeltheadergt     ltulgt     ltligtlta href1.html idcurrentgt1ltagtltligt     ltligtlta href2.htmlgt2ltagtltligt     ltligtlta href3.htmlgt3ltagtltligt     ltligtlta href4.htmlgt4ltagtltligt     ltspangtltspangt ltulgt ltheadergt codepre  pCSSp  precodebody  fontfamily sansserif   ul  padding 0 position absolute left 50 width 500px margin 0 0 0 250px liststyletype none   ulhover gt span  background d0332b   ul  margintop 50px  ul li  fontweight bold width 25 float left padding 7px 0 textalign center cursor pointer   ul lihover  color d0332b   ul linthchild2hover  span  left 25   ul linthchild3hover  span  left 50   ul linthchild4hover  span  left 75   span  position absolute bottom 42px display block width 25 height 7px background 00b6ff   ul li, span  webkittransition all 0.2s ease moztransition all 0.2s ease otransition all 0.2s ease transition all 0.2s ease position relative   a  textdecoration none color 232323   ahover  display block color d0332b  codepre
Negative 110 pApart from manually calling flush, what is the condition that codecoutcode or codeSTDOUTprintfcode would flushp  pExiting the current scope or current function Is it timed Flush when the buffer is full and how big is the bufferp
Negative 110 pI use tables inside tables. I want that the child table fills the parent table cell. Is this possible p  pAlso, is it possible for a table column to fill the remaining space without shrinking the other columns  not like width90 which may force some other columns to get truncated  p
Negative 110 pI am trying to run a rails app which was not created using rubymine. Its is a very different sort of app using rails engines loaded...When I try running tests, I get the following error messagep  precodeTesting started at 1229 ... Usersuserbnamexxxx.rbenvversions1.9.3p327librubygems1.9.1gemsbundler1.3.5libbundlerrubygemsintegration.rb214in block in replacegem rspeccore is not part of the bundle. Add it to Gemfile. GemLoadError     from Usersuserbnamexxxx.rbenvversions1.9.3p327binrspec22in lttop requiredgt     from e1in load     from e1in ltmaingt codepre  pI edited the configuration and it does have bundle exec checkbox checked. Tests tuns fine in the console. I tried it another project which is a default bug standard rails app and its fine there... I am using rbenv for managing ruby versions.... Please help as I am really stuck and it would be nice to not use the terminal....p
Negative 110 pIve got two servers Web and MySQL, both on Ubuntu 12.04 x64p  pOn Web is setup a phpmyadmin installation and nginx etc. On MySQL is setup a mysqsl installationp  pWhen I run mysql useruser hostMySQL.hostname password, from Web, I can connect just fine to the MySQL serverp  pBut when I try to connect via phpmyadmin, strongemit does not work. whyemstrongp  pUser is not rootp  pIn the usrsharephpmyadminconfig.inc.php file which I copied from the sample, I have thisp  precode   First server   i  Authentication type  cfg[Servers][i][authtype]  cookie  Server parameters  cfg[Servers][i][host]  MySQL.hostname cfg[Servers][i][connecttype]  tcp cfg[Servers][i][compress]  false  Select mysql if your server does not have mysqli  cfg[Servers][i][extension]  mysqli cfg[Servers][i][AllowNoPassword]  false codepre  pOn the MySQL server, I have it setup to bind to 0.0.0.0 and I have user permissions for this user on localhost and  remember I do connect just fine via mysql clientp  pnote MySQL.hostname is actually a resolvable hostname, just using this here for examplep
Negative 110 pI am trying to run statsdgraphite which uses django 1.6.p  pWhile accessing graphite URL, I get django module errorp  blockquote   pFile optgraphitewebappgraphiteurls.py, line 15, in         from django.conf.urls.defaults import        ImportError No module named defaultsp blockquote  pHowever, I do not find strongdefaultsstrong django package inside codeLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesdjangoconfurlscodep  pPlease help fixing this issue.p
Negative 110 pRight now, I receive the following errorp  precodeThe ORDER BY clause is invalid in views, inline functions, derived tables, subqueries, and common table expressions, unless TOP or FOR XML is also specified. codepre  pThis is my queryp  precodevar issues  from issue in this.IssueDatas              join original in this.NoteDatas on issue.NoteDatas                                                      .OrderByn gt n.CreatedDate                                                      .Selectn gt n.NoteId                                                      .First equals original.NoteId              join current in this.NoteDatas on issue.NoteDatas                                                     .OrderByDescendingn gt n.CreatedDate                                                     .Selectn gt n.NoteId                                                     .First equals current.NoteId              select  whatever, i, want, to, select  codepre  pThe SQL portion to grab those TOP 1 ids comes out like thisp  precodeSELECT whatever, i, want, to FROM [dbo].[issueDetails] AS [t0] INNER JOIN [dbo].[issuenotes] AS [t1] ON      SELECT TOP 1 [t3].[id]     FROM          SELECT [t2].[id], [t2].[issueid]         FROM [dbo].[issuenotes] AS [t2]         ORDER BY [t2].[CreatedDate]          AS [t3]     WHERE [t3].[issueid]  [t0].[IssueDetailsId]       [t1].[id] INNER JOIN [dbo].[issuenotes] AS [t4] ON      SELECT TOP 1 [t6].[id]     FROM          SELECT [t5].[id], [t5].[issueid]         FROM [dbo].[issuenotes] AS [t5]         ORDER BY [t5].[CreatedDate] DESC          AS [t6]     WHERE [t6].[issueid]  [t0].[IssueDetailsId]       [t4].[id] codepre  p...but it should look more like thisp  precodeFROM [dbo].[issueDetails] AS [t0] INNER JOIN [dbo].[issuenotes] AS [t1] ON      SELECT TOP 1 [t2].[id]     FROM [dbo].[issuenotes] AS [t2]     ORDER BY [t2].[CreatedDate]     WHERE [t2].[issueid]  [t0].[IssueDetailsId]       [t1].[id] INNER JOIN [dbo].[issuenotes] AS [t4] ON      SELECT TOP 1 [t5].[id]     FROM [dbo].[issuenotes] AS [t5]     ORDER BY [t5].[CreatedDate] DESC     WHERE [t5].[issueid]  [t0].[IssueDetailsId]       [t4].[id] codepre  pIve tried using codethis.NoteDatascode instead of codeissue.NoteDatascode and manually applying the id filter, Ive tried selecting the first note and then taking the id reversing what Ive typed above, Ive tried using codeTakeintcode instead of codeFirstcode... I just dont know what to do. The LINQ reads more straightforward than the SQL it generates.p
Negative 110 pI am currently working with some function like belowp  precode void vaddfloat  a, float  b, int n      forint i  0 i lt n i          a[i]  b[i]         codepre  pThis loop essentially can be rewritten using SSE but my question is how to handle the few elements that are left out if n is not a multiple of 4p  pThanks a lot, Bobp
Negative 110 pWe have a solution structure likep  ol liProject 1 strongSandboxstrongli liProject 2 strongFarmstrongli liProject 3 strongCommon Library, dllstrongli ol  pBoth Project 1 and Project 2 are using the Project 3 output dll for some functionality. Everything was working fine on strongSharePoint 2010 with .NET 3.5strong every project.p  pNow we have to migrate to SharePoint 2013 means we have to compile now with strong.NET 4.5strong and its new Security Level no more CAS etc.p  pThe problem is that the Sandboxed Solution can not activate its feature because of errors like p  blockquote   pNamespace.Method is security transparent, but is a member of a security critical type.p blockquote  pstrongIs it not possible to use a common library in sandboxed solution anymorestrongp  pI tried to use the SecuritySafeCritical  SecurityCritical  AllowPartiallyTrust attributes and features but no combination could resolve the problem. a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryc5tk9z7628vvs.11029.aspx relnofollowNo more CAS in 4.5ap
Negative 110 pI cant access remotely my postgre database. My fellow is making a QT project that access the database from my webserver. Its very close to the problem from this guy a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17648677istheserverrunningonhostlocalhost1andacceptingtcpipconnectionsIs the server running on host quotlocalhostquot 1 and accepting TCPIP connections on port 5432ap  pAnd with some research in google, all solutions point to set the listenaddresses property in postgresql.conf like  this listenaddresses   p  pand in pghba.conf add this line in the IPV4 connectionsp  phost    all     all 0.0.0.00   trust p  pIve already done it, and also have created an exception in ufw 5432tcp                   ALLOW       x.x.x.x.xp  pwhen x.x.x.x is the ip I want to give access.p  pIve also tried some variants to the configuration above ,like listenaddresses  localhost, x.x.x.x and host    all     all x.x.x.x32  md5p
Negative 110 pIm trying to parse sentence with Malt Parser in NLTK. When I did coderawparsesentcode it gave an error with exit code 1. I executed java command on terminal and it gives class Not Found exception, I dont understand what is wrong nowp  blockquote   pjava Xmx1024m jar usrlocalbinmalt.jar w homeabcmaltparser1.7.2 c engmalt.linear1.7 i homeabcmaltparser1.7.2maltinput.conllrPZgwc o homeabcmaltparser1.7.2maltoutput.conllDMSKpg m parse   Exception in thread main java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError orgapachelog4jLayoutp blockquote
Negative 110 pIn the app Im working on I have a settings menu that needs to use functions like saveSettings, deleteSettings, etc. This is a flyout that lives in its own activity. When the user presses a button the edit menu slides in. Currently Im placing the save, dete, etc functions on every activity. This is inefficient, obviously, and will make maintenance difficult down the line if I need to make a change.p  pI created a new activity called userSettingsFunctions.java to store the references to the EditText and TextViews I need for the settings as well as the functions.p  pI would like to include that file on each activity in my app so the functions are available everywhere and if I need to do an update I can just edit one file instead of each activity in the app.p  pIs this possible If so, can you point me in the right directionp
Negative 110 pI have four radio buttons, and although they display correctly on desktop web browsers when I view them on the iOS simulator and iPhone they size3 radio label displays as a hyperlink Why is this or how can I correct the issuep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netjasonniebauereLMqk relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netjasonniebauereLMqkap  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv idsurvradio3gt ltpgt     Square Footage ltpgt ltdivgt     ltinput typeradio idsize1 namesqftgt         ltlabel forsize1gt             0250         ltlabelgt     ltinput typeradio idsize2 namesqftgt         ltlabel forsize2gt             251500         ltlabelgt ltdivgt ltdivgt     ltinput typeradio idsize3 namesqftgt         ltlabel forsize3gt             5012000         ltlabelgt     ltinput typeradio idsize4 namesqftgt         ltlabel forsize4gt             2000         ltlabelgt ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pCSSp  precodesurvradio3 gt divnthoftype1 input[typeradio]  label, survradio3 gt divnthoftype2 input[typeradio]  label              boxsizingborderbox             padding 1rem 3rem 1rem 3rem             width 100             display inlineblock             color BDC3C7             backgroundcolor F2F2F2             textalign center             verticalalign middle             cursor pointer             borderradius 3px             fontsize 1.125em             marginbottom .5rem           survradio3 input[typeradio]              display none  codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to insert a special character values into my sqlite table. For that i have used following query, that contains octal values. p  precode INSERT INTO manufacturers VALUESNULL,NULL,NULL,19700101 000000,19700101 000000,35,A Priorite047 codepre  pwhen i displaying the names it doesnt converted to corresponding string value, it displays the same octal value inserted as A Priorite047p  pNow i need an suggestion to convert the octal value to string or char by using sqlite statements. p  pI know we can easily obtain it by using java code but my requirement is to do it by use of  sqlite statements. Here the last value is the name field which is contains the octal value of 047as string . p  pIve also tried to convert the decimal value to char, it works fine. In my case, if i convert the octal value  to decimal value then i can easily convert to char. but i cant convert octal to decimal. p  pNote Im having thousands of record, so cant manually insert the special characters into each row of table. And Im not supposed to insert the values manually. p  pThanks in Advance. Any help would be appreciated. p
Negative 110 pHi Im trying to execute an exe file using puppet script. My exe file is accepting 3 parameters like param1, param2 and param3. All I want is to pass these parameters through external file. How can I do thisp  pHere is my sample codep  precodeexec  executing exe file   command gt copyfile.exe DestinatoinPath sourcefilename destinationfilename ,    codepre  pAll I want is to pass all these values from external file and use it here. p  pCan someone help me to resolve thisp  pHere is my trailp  pHere is my directory structure p  precodepuppetmodulesmymodulemanifestsmyfile.pp and  puppetmodulesmymoduletemplatesparams.erb   and my erb file is having a value of path ex dtest1.txt etest1.txt testfilename   myparams  templatemymoduleparams.erb   exec  executing exe file   command gt myparams,   codepre
Negative 110 pRight now this jquery works just finep  precodejavascript      catExpander1 .clickfunction         category1 .toggle fast, function              codepre  pBut of course it has a big problem it cant be reused to showhide other divs. How would I replace the hardcoded ids with variables p  pstrongFor contextstrongbr Im currently using this in a rails app to showhide subcategories under their parent category, which are all inside of a sidebar category navigation list. The only way I can currently think to do this is create a separate jquery block for each category and subcategory, but of course this is a emhorribleem approach because it requires lots of repeating, is not reusable, etc.p
Negative 110 pi have a variable accessed via mutex lock in multiple threads.p  pwhen i run coverity static analysis on it, it gives the following errorp  pstrongMISSINGLOCK Accessing variablegataggatag requires the osagmutex.mutex lock. [coverity]strongp  pCode snippetp    precodeunsigned long gatag  0 pthreadmutext gataglock  PTHREADMUTEXINITIALIZER  void getatagunsigned long atag      int ret  1      ret  pthreadmutexlockampgataglock     if 0  ret          return           if gatag lt 10000          gatag      else          gatag  0           atag  gatag      pthreadmutexunlockampgataglock  codepre  pDoes any one sees any problem in this i have added the locks then why is it saying the locks are missingp
Negative 110 pIn our WPF application we have Options dialog. Currently by changing each settings there the client sends data to the WCF service. Options dialog is inherited from codeDataWindowcode and got 3 buttons OK, Cancel and Apply. Now I am looking for a better solution to cache each modified setting and by clicking on ApplyOK button send the whole batch of modified settings to the WCF. The main issues i faced so far arep  ol liPreferences dialog has 3 tabs with different views. Each view has its own view model thus it must be single proxy for all views changes.li liWith IMementoService I am only able to undoredo operations but I need to cache the changes and proceed them on demand.li ol  pDoes Catel provide something useful for that casep
Negative 110 pI was looking at similar questions but I couldnt find a case similar to mine. I have a data frame that for each subject, has multiple observations per condition. It looks like thisp  precodesubject   lt crepS1,4, repS2,4 condition lt repcrepa,2, repb,2,2 value     lt c18 df        lt data.framesubject,condition,value  df   subject condition value   S1         a     1   S1         a     2   S1         b     3   S1         b     4   S2         a     5   S2         a     6   S2         b     7   S2         b     8 codepre  pI would like to reshape it to look like thisp  precode  subject condition.a condition.b   S1           1           3   S1           2           4   S2           5           7   S2           6           8 codepre  pI have tried codereshapecode and codecastcode, but they give me an error message because there are multiple observations per subject and condition. Does anyone have suggestions on how they would do thisp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIm trying to use Solr specific syntax with some of my djangohaytack queries.  For example Id like to search   stateGeorgia, but haystack sends it to Solr as stateGeorgia, breaking the query.  A Raw query can be used but it seems to need to know the field and query beforehand like so  sqs  SearchQuerySet.filterauthorRawstateGeorgia, but Im not always sure beforehand what the exact field should be.  It could be state, collector, material, category or a number of others.  Does anyone know a way around this or how I can access the users actual queryp  pOr perhaps Im going down the wrong path and a custom Clean method would be in orderp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI dont have experience in htaccess and failed to find solution for that.p  pSimply, i want to makep  precodesomething1.domain.com to open www.domain.comsomething1.php something2.domain.com to open www.domain.comsomething2.php  amp www.domain.com open www.domain.comindex.php codepre  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI have problem using codeJacksoncode library in order to deserialize JSON string and map it into codePOJOcode.p  pI have this jsonp  precode[     requestor Nick Jagger,     smtp testemail.com,     smtpfrom test2email.com,     cnname testcn,     date 20141111,     systemciid 3926598,     requestbase64 its some base64 hash ,      requestor Freddie Mercury,     smtp testemail.com,     smtpfrom test2email.com,     cnname testowe cn,     date 20141126,     systemciid JK19,     requestbase64 some base64 hash ] codepre  pI have created POJO class to represent one element in this arrayp  precodepublic class Questionareimplements Serializable                         private static final long serialVersionUID  1L     JsonPropertycnname     private String caName     JsonPropertysmtp     private String smtp     JsonPropertyrequestor     private String issuer     JsonPropertysystemciid     private String systemciid     JsonPropertydate     private String date     JsonPropertyrequestbase64     private String base64String     JsonPropertysmtpfrom     private String smtp2        getters and setters  codepre  pAnd a class which represent list of those objectsp  precodepublic class QuestionareList       private ListltQuestionaregt questionares      public ListltQuestionaregt getQuestionares          return questionares           public void setQuestionaresListltQuestionaregt questionares          this.questionares  questionares       codepre  pAnd now how I map those p  precodeQuestionareList listQ  new QuestionareList  ObjectMapper m  new ObjectMapper  listQ  m.readValuejsonString,QuestionareList.class codepre  pAll I get isp  precodeCan not deserialize instance of com.test.service.QuestionareList out of STARTARRAY token  at [Source java.io.StringReader27d525 line 1, column 1] codepre  pAny idea what Am I doing wrongp
Negative 110 pHow can I repeat my background image only on my site layout. My image is 1 pixel in width and 400 pixels in height and I wanted it to be 100 of the screen width.p  pI thought it was...p  pCSSp  precodebgimage    backgroundimage urlimagesbg.png   backgroundrepeatrepeaty   backgroundsize 100    codepre  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv classwrappergt   ltdiv classbgimagegt    ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pBut this isnt working. Ive had a look through other StackOverflow answers but Ive unable to find one similar to my issue. Any helps appreciated cheersp
Negative 110 pIm using a ReadOnly DataGrid to display some data in my WPFapplication.p  pMy question then is.p  pHow can I make the last row editable p
Negative 110 pIm using BigCommerces API and trying to create a Product from scratch which has unique Options, Option Sets, and SKU inventories.  After creating the options, option sets, and product, I attempt to POST a SKU with the following JSONp  precodesku FMMIX46RA1, inventorylevel 10,  options [optionvalueid 229,productoptionid 76,              optionvalueid 226, productoptionid 75]  codepre  pThe codeproductoptionidcode values correspond to the codeidcode of Option objects, while the codeoptionvalueidcode values correspond to the codeidcode of child Value objects sharing the same Option codeidcode.p  pThe JSON response received from BigCommerce is as followsp  precodestatus 400,  message The field productoptionid is invalid.,  details productoptionid 76  codepre  pThere are several queries in SO from users struggling to access the Product or SKU using one or the other in order to update inventory levels and I want to emphasize that my problem is markedly different, as my SKU objects do not exist and I have no issues with the logical design of the data model or a language binding which sits above the REST API.p
Negative 110 pIn my app I am sending GCM notification to device, when we click on notification it is not opening app in Samsung S4. Please any one help me.p  pCodep  precode    NotificationManager notificationManager  NotificationManager context             .getSystemServiceContext.NOTIFICATIONSERVICE     Notification notification  new Notificationicon, message, when      Intent notificationIntent  new Intentcontext, Main.class      notificationIntent.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP              Intent.FLAGACTIVITYSINGLETOP      PendingIntent intent  PendingIntent.getActivitycontext, 0,             notificationIntent, 0     String title  context.getStringR.string.appname     notification.setLatestEventInfocontext, title, message, intent     notification.flags  Notification.FLAGAUTOCANCEL      notification.defaults  Notification.DEFAULTSOUND      notification.defaults  Notification.DEFAULTVIBRATE     notificationManager.notify0111, notification codepre
Negative 110 pI have a character vector that contains strings starting with letters and with numbersp  precodesample.condition [1] 1t   2t   3t   4t   5t   6t   7t   GFPt 1t   [10] 2t   3t   4t   5t   6t   7t   GFPt codepre  pThe final sorted vector should have the elements containing GFP in the 1st positionsp  precodesample.condition [1] GFPt   GFPt 1t   2t   3t   4t   5t   6t   7t   1t   [10] 2t   3t   4t   5t   6t   7t    codepre  pI have tried several sort arguments but got nowhere. p
Negative 110 pI am trying to install JDK 1.8.0 in my debian Raspberry Pi. I downloaded the tar ball and extracted the file in codeoptjavacode. I then included the path in codeetcprofilecode. After that installed Netbeans 7.4 on the Raspberry Pi and tried to build a JavaFX application from Netbeans. The error shown then is emJavaFX run time jar is not foundemp  pI checked the JDK 1.8.0 folder and compared it with the JDK 1.8.0 folder in my windows and I found out that many of JavaFX files are missing in my JDK 1.8.0 folder on raspberry pi.p  pCan any one suggest how to install JDK 1.8.0 and build a JavaFX application in raspberry pip
Negative 110 pI have installed the SonarQube plugin in Intellij Enterprise 13. When I follow the configuration instructions at  a hrefhttpsgithub.comsonarintellijpluginsonarintellijplugin relnofollowhttpsgithub.comsonarintellijpluginsonarintellijplugina, no inspection errors or warnings are found, even though the code explicitly violates rules that have been returned by the Sonar server to the Intellij plugin and which are visible in the inspections profile.  p  pI have a multimodule SpringMVC project thats being built with Gradle. I am not sure if this is relevant.p  pDoes anyone have the SonarQube plugin working in an Intellij 13 Java project Could you share any details of your configuration process or tweaks you needed to make that are not covered in the plugin documentation at the link abovep  pThanksp
Negative 110 pcodeSKSpriteNodecode is new to me. For the image below, I am wondering what are some ways I can get the rect of the nontransparent part using sprite kit.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQY24O.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pi am using WCF RIA with silverlight 5 and i use LinqToSqlDomainService.p  pi have one class Like thisp  precode[EnableClientAccess] public class UsersAndGroups  LinqToSqlDomainServiceltDataBaseDataContextgt      protected override DataBaseDataContext CreateDataContext          return DataBaseConnection.GetNewDataBaseContext           public tblUsersAndGroup WebCanLoginstring userName, string password          ...           Will call without error     [Invoke]     public ListltspSelectVwUsersAndGroupsResultgt WebSelectView                                                  BLL.tblUsersAndGroup logedInUser               ...       codepre  pwhen i call methods in this class every things is okp  pi have an other class p  precode[EnableClientAccess] public class Privileges  MyLinqToSqlDomainServiceltDataBaseDataContextgt      protected override DataBaseDataContext CreateDataContext          return DataBaseConnection.GetNewDataBaseContext           Will not call and get error     [Invoke]     public ListltspSelectVwUsersAndGroupsResultgt WebSelectView                                                  BLL.tblUsersAndGroup logedInUser               ...           Will call without error     [Invoke]     public ListltspSelectVwUsersAndGroupsResultgt WebSelectViewWithNoParam          ...       codepre  pwhen i Create method exactly like WebSelectView in previous calss, when i call it i get The remote server returned an error NotFound. error.p  pwhen i remove parameter it work, and no error will show to me and method will call.p  pi see this link about this error  a hrefhttpblogs.objectsharp.compost20100413WCFRIAServicesE2809CNotFoundE2809DErrorMessage.aspx relnofollowhttpblogs.objectsharp.compost20100413WCFRIAServicesE2809CNotFoundE2809DErrorMessage.aspxap  pi see in network tab of my browser in developer tools, i see when call this method it will call but return not found, and result is 500.p  palso i put these code in my web config but i didnt see any meaningful error in event logp  precodeltsystem.diagnosticsgt     ltsourcesgt         ltsource nameSystem.ServiceModel                  switchValueInformation, ActivityTracing                  propagateActivitytrue gt         ltlistenersgt             ltadd namexmlgt         ltlistenersgt     ltsourcegt     ltsource nameSystem.ServiceModel.MessageLogginggt         ltlistenersgt             ltadd namexmlgt         ltlistenersgt     ltsourcegt     ltsource namemyUserTraceSource              switchValueInformation, ActivityTracinggt         ltlistenersgt             ltadd namexmlgt         ltlistenersgt     ltsourcegt     ltsourcesgt     ltsharedListenersgt         ltadd namexml               typeSystem.Diagnostics.XmlWriterTraceListener               initializeDataClogsTraces.svclog gt     ltsharedListenersgt ltsystem.diagnosticsgt  ltsystem.serviceModelgt     ltdiagnostics wmiProviderEnabledtruegt         ltmessageLogging logEntireMessagetrue                          logMalformedMessagestrue                          logMessagesAtServiceLeveltrue                          logMessagesAtTransportLeveltrue                          maxMessagesToLog3000 gt     ltdiagnosticsgt ltsystem.serviceModelgt codepre  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pi edit my web config switchValueInformation, ActivityTracing to switchValueAll and now i can see error p  blockquote   pWebHost failed to process a request.  Sender Information   System.ServiceModel.ServiceHostingEnvironmentHostingManager12036987    Exception System.ServiceModel.ServiceActivationException The service   ServicesBLLPrivileges.svc cannot be activated due to an exception   during compilation.  The exception message is Operation named   WebGetPrivileges does not conform to the required signature.   Parameter types must be an entity or complex type, a collection of   entities or complex types, or one of the predefined serializable   types..  System.InvalidOperationException Operation named   WebGetPrivileges does not conform to the required signature.   Parameter types must be an entity or complex type, a collection of   entities or complex types, or one of the predefined serializable   types.p blockquote  pbut why Operation named WebGetPrivileges does not conform to the required signature. when it work in previous calssp  pSecond Edit  When i remove [Invoke] attribute, no error event will register... but again i get Not Found also when i see in browser developer tools no code will back to me, no 200, no 500, or any other.... thanksp
Negative 110 pIn Bing Maps for Windows Phone 8, you can use dark mode in the Map control using the codeMap.ColorModecode property. I have been attempting to do this in Windows Phone 7 with no luck. I have tried usingp  precode        RoadMode rmd  new RoadMode         rmd.ModeBackground  ModeBackground.Dark         map.SetModermd, false codepre  pbut the codeRoadMode.ModeBackgroundcode property is read only. Is there any other way to do this in Windows Phone 7p  pDark Mode might look something like what is seen in a hrefhttpgis.stackexchange.comquestions14033isitpossibletoaccessthebingmapsdarkmodeinthearcgisjsapithis questionap
Negative 110 pIm building my first ember app which has CRUD properties. Part of my index.html code looks like thisp  precodeltscript type  textxhandlebars id  settingsgt  lttablegt   each setting in controller     lttrgt  lttdgt       lth2gtsetting.namelth2gt     lttdgt     lttrgt     lttrgt     lttdgtlinkto setting settingMore Details..linktolttdgt     lttrgt   each lttablegt  outlet  ltscriptgt  ltscript type  textxhandlebars id  settinggt if deleteMode ltdiv classconfirmboxgt   lth4gtReallylth4gt   ltbutton action confirmDeletegt yes ltbuttongt   ltbutton action cancelDeletegt no ltbuttongt ltdivgt if ltdiv classcolxs6gt lth4gtnamelth4gt lth4gtaddressline1lth4gt lth4gtaddressline2lth4gt lth4gtaddresscitylth4gt lth4gtaddressstatelth4gt lth4gtaddressziplth4gt lth4gtaddresscountrylth4gt  ltbutton action editgtEditltbuttongt ltdivgt  ltdiv class  colxs6gt outlet ltdivgt ltscriptgt  ltscript type  textxhandlebars id  settingeditgt   ltdiv classinputgroupgt   lth5gtNamelth5gt   input valuename     lth5gtAddresslth5gt   input valueaddressline1    input valueaddressline2     lth5gtCitylth5gt   input valueaddresscity     lth5gtStatelth5gt   input valueaddressstate     lth5gtZIPlth5gt   input valueaddresszip     lth5gtCountrylth5gt   input valueaddresscountry     ltbutton action savegt Save ltbuttongt ltdivgt  ltscriptgt codepre  pWhen I click on the codeeditcode button in the codesettingcode template, the codesettingeditcode template with an edit form opens in the codeoutletcodeof the codesettingcode template. Im wondering how I would go about getting the codesettingeditcode template to replace the codesettingcode template in the codesettingscode templates codeoutletcode so that they dont appear on the same page New to ember dev and somewhat confused, any help appreciated. p
Negative 110 pSo Im developing a little app for a mobile device. In this app I also call a html page that should be located in my app folder. But the problem is I dont seem to get the correct path for android. It works perfectly on windows, but I cant get it to work on android. p  pHere is the code to get the path to the html pagep  precodevar path  System.IO.Path.CombineAvento.www, ConsumerGoods path  System.IO.Path.Combinepath, BulkAppointmentCreator path  System.IO.Path.Combinepath, Page.html path  System.IO.Path.GetFullPathpath var url  file  path codepre  pWhen I go to this path on windows phone it works fine but as I said on android I get  page can not be found.. p  pAnybody that can help p
Negative 110 pI just started learning ruby motion and at the beginning of a tutorial I have hit a road block The tutorial is RubyMotion iOS Development Essentials.  p  pHere is my codep  precodeclass RootController lt UIViewController     def viewDidLoad     alert  UIAlertView.alloc.initWithTitle This is foo title,     messageDo you like this example,     delegate nil,     cancelButtonTitles cancel,     otherButtonTitles Yes, No, nil     alert.show     end end codepre  pI know the indentation looks funny, but apparently that is RubyMotion syntax... Weird, I know. And here is the error I am receiving, regarding the initWithTitle methodp  precodemaingt 20131213 004440.780 HelloWorld[9743580b] rootcontroller.rb7in viewDidLoad undefined method initWithTitle for ltUIAlertView0x8d2bcf0gt NoMethodError     from appdelegate.rb6in applicationdidFinishLaunchingWithOptions 20131213 004440.782 HelloWorld[9743580b] rootcontroller.rb7in viewDidLoad undefined method initWithTitle for ltUIAlertView0x8d2bcf0gt NoMethodError     from appdelegate.rb6in applicationdidFinishLaunchingWithOptions 20131213 004440.784 HelloWorld[9743580b]  Terminating app due to uncaught exception NoMethodError, reason rootcontroller.rb7in viewDidLoad undefined method initWithTitle for ltUIAlertView0x8d2bcf0gt NoMethodError     from appdelegate.rb6in applicationdidFinishLaunchingWithOptions codepre  pp  pI would appreciate any pointers, its a major bummer to get stuck this early onp
Negative 110 pOk, so say I wanted to have a sign up form similar to the iOS apps of Facebook, Gmail, Dropbox etc. I dont mean I want to have the users be able to login using those services although that would be nice but I want to actually have something similar to a SQL server as the web service a hrefhttpsparse.com relnofollowhttpsparse.coma would use. p  pIt seems like a great service and very easy to setup, but I would like to go the extra mile and take advantage of the servers I have available in the cloud to create my own custom version of the following. I understand that mySQL isnt very usable within the iOS development platform, however sqlite3 is. Say Ive created my storyboard layout and I think I have an idea of what it is I would like to do. I just dont know what I need to do to achieve it Essentially what would be ideal is to to create statistical models based on the combined data from all of the users. p  pProperties of the applicationp  pI would like the users also to be able to go online and download the data they entered into the iOS app by importing it into excel. However it would be very important that I nor any other user could identify the source of the data. As most of my users are going to know of each other in real life. Think of the app as something to do with drag racing, and the users enter in there race results and information about their setup and then upload it to my server. It is very important that I cannot see which user the information derived from, but at the same time would like to access the data and retrieve a list of the users and their respective emails p  pUser Interface of applicationp  pHere is a screenshot of what the storyboard ideally might look like. Nothing is linked together yet these are just the screens that I originally had in mind Im not asking for anyone to give me any serious help as I want to do it on my own, I just need the resources in order to do it myself. It seems as if there is nothing online that could explain how the website parses framework was createdp  pSTORYBOARD 1   a hrefhttpi39.tinypic.comfbz7n6.jpg relnofollowi39.tinypic.comfbz7n6.jpgap  pSTORYBOARD 2   a hrefhttpi41.tinypic.comdewoau.jpg relnofollowi41.tinypic.comdewoau.jpgap  pstrongHow can I make a service similar to parse JSON format by using my own server in the cloudstrongp
Negative 110 pExample  Having a human that can own 1 or more pets of different types cat, dog, elephant, seal etc .p  pI would think of making an aggregate that would have Human as root that holds petCollection as reference to Pet and another aggregate that would have Pet as root with cat, dog, elephant, eagle as children for this aggregate .  p  pThe problem is that each pet type can have different behaviour example  a seal can swin but it wont fly  an eagle can fly but it wont swim  . So a state or strategy pattern does not seem right . How can a human tell a pet object to run if it doesnt know its type  Using the statestrategy pattern, the objects need to have similar behaviour . Doing an ifelse for the case of polymorphism to check the object type check again , doesnt seem a proper design .   p  pHow should i design this domain or what patterns can help me here p
Negative 110 pI have problem.. I using a hrefhttpharvesthq.github.iochosen relnofollowhttpharvesthq.github.iochosena and I would like select two value default, but  I would like to use jQueryp  pThis is my codep  precodeltselect nameall[] idall stylemarginleft 15px dataplaceholderAll.. classchosenselect multiple tabindex16gt ltoption valueItem 1gtItem 1ltoptiongt ltoption valueItem 2gtItem 2ltoptiongt ltoption valueItem 3gtItem 3ltoptiongt codepre  pp  pAnd my scriptp  precodeall.valItem 2.triggerchosenupdated lt it work fine but I would like select more than 1 option... codepre
Negative 110 pCan anybody help me with my problem please Ive managed to clear the canvas before redrawing my game character, but was wondering how to stop the screen from flickering as the character moves in JavaScript. Thank you for your help. Help much appreciated. Heres my code.p  precodevar avatarX  0 var avatarY  267 var avatarImage var counter  1 var XWIDTH  0 var WIDTH  400 var dx  5 var tt  window.addEventListenerkeydown, KeyDown  function setUpGame  This is the function that is called from the html document. var gameCanvas  document.getElementByIdgameCanvas Declare a new variable amp assigns it the id of the CANVAS from the html document. avatarImage  new Image Declaring a new variable. This is so that we can store the image at a later date.  avatarImage.src  imgavatar.png Ditto from above.   gameCanvas.getContext2d.drawImageavatarImage, Math.random  100, avatarY var tt  setIntervalfunctioncounTer,1000 setIntervalhandleTick, 25    function KeyDownevt    switch evt.keyCode    case 39 Arrow to the right       ifavatarX  dx ltWIDTH ampamp avatarX  dx gtXWIDTH           avatarX  dx          gameCanvas.width  gameCanvas.width            break    case 37 Arrow to the left       ifavatarX  dx gtXWIDTH           avatarX  dx          gameCanvas.width  gameCanvas.width            break      function counTer    ifcounter  60      clearIntervaltt    else      counter     gameCanvas.width  400     gameCanvas.getContext2d.font  18px Iceland     gameCanvas.getContext2d.textBaseline  top     gameCanvas.getContext2d.fillTextSeconds   counter, 5, 5      function handleTick       gameCanvas.getContext2d.drawImageavatarImage, avatarX, avatarY   codepre
Negative 110 pI want to open key3.db in SQLite browser which store the key for encryption of saved password in firfox, but I see this error File is encrypted or not a SQLite3 database or encryption key does not matchp  pI think key3.db is encrypted. Can anybody tell me what is the Encryption key of this databasep
Negative 110 pIve been struggling with this for about a day. Basically, I want to write an excel macro to loop through a list in excel, query a webpage and retrieve some data. Ideally I just want to retrieve the data I need so I can place it in an adjacent cell, but Id do whatever it takes at this point.p  pThe page is ASP.net, which I have no experience in if it was .php I could probably manage, but Im not even sure how to post to .aspx through javascript.p  pI can loop through my data just fine, and once I get the data I can write it to excel, so there are two parts Im struggling withp  h3Part 1  querying the webpageh3  pa hrefhttpwww.ocpafl.orgsearchesParcelSearch.aspxThis is the page I want to querya. I need to search in codeProperty Addresscode and retrieve data from the results. The address Ill use for the example is code400 W Church Stcode. I thought it may be simple to submit a form like ...ParcelSearch.aspxname...ampvalue..., but no dice.p  h3Part 2  grabbing the datah3  pOn the results, there is a table codeDetailsSummaryMastercode up top, with fieldsets that are defined with codeltlegendgtcode tags. I need the data in codeltlegendgtMunicipalityltlegendgtcode img srchttpi.stack.imgur.combXKP0.png altenter image description herep  pI cant figure out what to do, loop through the codelttdgtcodes I thought maybe I could GetElementByID or maybe by tag, but I cant seem to figure it out.p  h3VBAh3  pI used a few SO threads to try to figure it out so far. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions13364172howtoautomateandexporthtmlsearchablequerydataintoexcelFirsta, a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions209301howtopostaformfromhtmltoaspxpageSeconda and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8816557vbaaccessremotewebsiteautomateclickingsubmitafteralreadyautomatingcliThirda, but I cant even seem to get it to POST properly. Im keeping the subs separate for now.p  pThis is what I have stolen from the other thread in regards to my problemp  precodeSub SubmitForm  Dim objIE As Object Dim xmlhttp As Object Dim ieButton As Object Dim strResponse As String Dim strUrl As String Dim strID As String Dim strValue As String Dim strSubmit As String  strID  namectl00ctl00ctl00ctl00ContentMainContentMainContentMainContentMainTabContainer1SearchesSubTabContainer1QuickSearchesCompositAddressSearch1AddressSearch1ctl00Addressampvalue strValue  400 W Church St strSubmit  strID amp strValue   strUrl  httpwww.ocpafl.orgsearchesParcelSearch.aspx Set objIE  CreateObjectInternetExplorer.Application objIE.navigate aboutblank Set xmlhttp  CreateObjectMSXML2.ServerXMLHTTP  gt Indicates that page that will receive the request and the type of request being submitted xmlhttp.Open POST, httpwww.ocpafl.orgsearchesParcelSearch.aspx, False  gt Indicate that the body of the request contains form data xmlhttp.setRequestHeader ContentType, applicationxwwwformurlencoded  gt Send the data as namevalue pairs xmlhttp.Send strSubmit strResponse  xmlhttp.responseText objIE.navigate strUrl objIE.Visible  True  Do While objIE.readystate ltgt 4     DoEvents Loop  objIE.document.Write strResponse  Set xmlhttp  Nothing  End Sub codepre  pI dont actually need to run it through IE, Id like to run it all hidden. Im running this on Excel 2007 at work, but I have 2010 at home. We also have ridiculous IE8, so the less of that, the better. And I can loop or use an array, but I just cant seem to interface with the query. Any help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 110 pFrom a page with the following URL, codehttpexample.comfoo.htmlquery1ampother2code, I want to create a link to codehttpexample.combar.htmlquery1ampother2code. How do I do that without explicitly saving and reloading all the query strings.p  pI need this to easily link from an iframe version of a page codeembed.htmlquerycode to the full page codeindex.htmlquerycode.p
Negative 110 precodestatistiques  id INT11 NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT, pagid INT11 NULL DEFAULT NULL, likes VARCHAR45 NULL DEFAULT NULL, comments VARCHAR45 NULL DEFAULT NULL, likepost VARCHAR45 NULL DEFAULT NULL, posts VARCHAR45 NULL DEFAULT NULL, talk VARCHAR45 NULL DEFAULT NULL, char VARCHAR50 NULL DEFAULT NULL, engagement VARCHAR50 NULL DEFAULT 0, created DATE NULL DEFAULT NULL, PRIMARY KEY id, codepre  pand i have data in  table i went to do this query for sum chemps in my table p  precodeselect sumlikes from statistiques where pagid in 12,20 and created20131202  codepre  pbut i went have multiple sum likep  precodeselect sumlikes,posts from statistiques where pagid in 12,20 and created20131202  codepre  pbut he isnt workedp  pEnglish is not my native language, sorry for any mistakes.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to create links inside data grid cells and I am unable to remove the horizontal scroll barp  pHere is my examplep  precode GridExample.mxml  Main application   ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltsWindowedApplication xmlnsfxhttpns.adobe.commxml2009                     xmlnsslibraryns.adobe.comflexspark                     xmlnsmxlibraryns.adobe.comflexmxgt  ltmxBox idmyCustomBox height100 width100 initializeassignDatagt       ltfxScriptgt          lt[CDATA[             import mx.collections.ArrayCollection             import mx.collections.HierarchicalData              [Embeddialogerror.png]              private var myImageClass                public function assignDatavoid                  var retValArrayCollection  new ArrayCollection                 var hDataHierarchicalData  new HierarchicalData                 var sString  [PropertyAA,Value2,RowIdentifierAA,PropertyBB,ValueNice looking link,RowIdentifierBB,PropertyCC,Valuesdfgusgdfugadgfuasygdfgauidsguiasgdfugasuidfguiasg,RowIdentifierCC]                 var pSetsObject  JSON.parses                 var propertySetsArray  pSets as Array                 for var iint0iltpropertySets.lengthi                                        var itemObject  propertySets[i]                     var arrayEltObject  Property item[Property], RowIdentifier item[RowIdentifier], Value item[Value]                     retVal.addItemarrayElt                                   hData.source  retVal                 myGridId.dataProvider  hData                       ]]gt     ltfxScriptgt       ltmxAdvancedDataGrid idmyGridId                           variableRowHeighttrue                          width100                          showHeadersfalse                           includeInLayoutmyGridId.visible                          defaultLeafIconnull                          gt             ltmxcolumns gt             ltmxAdvancedDataGridColumn  dataFieldProperty headerTextProperty backgroundColorE5EFF5 width0.4 wordWraptrue gt             ltmxAdvancedDataGridColumn  dataFieldValue headerTextValue backgroundColorwhite width0.6 itemRendererExampleRenderergt             ltmxAdvancedDataGridColumn  dataFieldRowIdentifier visiblefalsegt         ltmxcolumnsgt        ltmxAdvancedDataGridgt        ltmxBoxgt  ltsWindowedApplicationgt    ExampleRenderer.mxml  ItemRenderer used   ltxml version1.0gt  ltmxBox xmlnsmxhttpwww.adobe.com2006mxml textAligncenter creationCompleterenderNow gt ltmxScriptgt     lt[CDATA[         import mx.events.FlexEvent         import mx.controls.LinkButton         import mx.controls.Alert           private function renderNowvoid              var dataObjectObject  super.data             var rowIdString  dataObject[RowIdentifier]             var labelLinkButton  new LinkButton             label.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, mouseClick             label.percentWidth  100             label.label  dataObject[Value]             label.setStylehorizontalScrollPolicy,off             label.setStyletextAlign,left             label.setStylepaddingLeft,3             this.addChildlabel                   override public function set datavalueObjectvoid                      super.data  value             dispatchEventnew FlexEventFlexEvent.DATACHANGE                   private function mouseClickeMouseEventvoid             Alert.showClicked on a link              ]]gt ltmxScriptgt  ltmxBoxgt codepre  pThe LinkButton produced nice links that can be clicked and in a web view it looks really good with a nice hover producing an underline just like a link etc but when the text is long, the horizontal scroll bar obscures the text itself. How do I get rid of the horizontal scrollbar I have tried turning horizontalScrollPolicy off and that does not help. I do not mind if the extra text over and beyond the row length is hidden as I am going to add a tooltip anyway to every cell. Any help here is appreciated.p  pThank you.p
Negative 110 pI have an codeEmpcode table, which has following data.p  precodeEno    Ename   Location  Deptid      1      Alex    Delhi      10 2      John    Mumbai     10 ............................. codepre  pLike this I have 1000 records, I need to sort them by codeDeptidcode column and codeLocationcode.p  pThe result after sort should be like this If I sort by codedeptidcode and codelocationMumbaicodep  pIf a deptid10 has 300 records of which 150Delhi, 100Mumbai, 50chennai, then I should get all the records of mumbai only with deptid10 first, then other locations of same deptid and then records from other deptid.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to send the data got from network in JSP page to html file in order to display it, Here I wrote an ajax function but no data coming to JS in html. How to resolve this issue Ajaxp  precode.ajax   urlanrdata.jsp,   cachefalse,    successfunctiondata,status        alertdata       ,   errorfunction      alertfailed to fecth data    codepre  pHere is my JSP page JSPp  precodeltpage importjava.net.URIgt  ltpage importjava.io.BufferedReadergt  ltpage importorg.apache.http.client.methods.HttpGet,java.io.InputStreamReadergt  ltpage importjava.io.BufferedReader,java.io.IOExceptiongt  ltpage importorg.apache.http.client.methods.HttpGet,org.apache.http.HttpResponse gt  ltpage importorg.apache.http.impl.client.DefaultHttpClient gt  ltpage importorg.apache.http.client.HttpClient gt  lt page languagejava contentTypetexthtml charsetISO88591 pageEncodingISO88591gt lt   get the input values double val1  10 double val2  12 HttpResponse response1  int responseCode  0  String errorMsg   try   String url  http10.138.89.709090anrs  HttpGet request1  new HttpGeturl HttpClient client  new DefaultHttpClient  add request header request.addHeaderUserAgent, USERAGENT response1   client.executerequest1  System.out.printlnresponse is response1.toString responseCode  response1.getStatusLine.getStatusCode BufferedReader rd  new BufferedReadernew     InputStreamReaderresponse1.getEntity.getContent  StringBuffer result  new StringBuffer String line   while line  rd.readLine  null      result.appendline  out.printlnresult  System.out.printlnresult is result      catch Exception e  System.out.printe.toString     errorMsg  Nonnumeric input     gt codepre
Negative 110 pHeres some background first.p  p1 My aim is to use Ratchet WebSockets to create twoway clientserver communication.p  p2 I have installed ratchet and accompanying software, as described a hrefhttpsocketo.medocsinstall relnofollowherea.p  p3 I have successfully created a Hello World application as described a hrefhttpsocketo.medocshelloworld relnofollowherea.p  p4 Now I am trying to create Push functionality using a hrefhttpsocketo.medocspush relnofollowthisa tutorial. I have copied the code, modifying it slightly modifications noted in code comments below, installed the ZMQ library latest version, added it to php.ini, show up in codephp mcode  in short, its installed correctly. But the WebSockets dont work.p  pI will give my testing process with real live links to my domain below, so you can check it yourself.p  p1 My push server is exactly the same as the one in their tutorial, with the IP changed to my servers IP. I run this through SSH and it seems to connect correctly.p  p2 My Pusher class is in the MyApp namespace, same code and same relative location as in their tutorial.p  p3 My post.php is slightly modified because theres no need to bother with MySQL queriesp  precodeentryData  array        hardcoded content of entryData for simplicity     cat     gt macka   , title   gt naslov   , article gt tekst   , when    gt time    This is our new stuff context  new ZMQContext socket  contextgtgetSocketZMQSOCKETPUSH, my pusher socketgtconnecttcplightspeedgames.com5555       my domain, still using port 5555 as in their example  socketgtsendjsonencodeentryData codepre  pThis file is located a hrefhttplightspeedgames.comappspost.php relnofollowherea.p  p4 My client.php is the same as theirs, except I had to add a little fix for IE to work with codewhen.jscode. My problem is browserindependent and the same as it was before the fix was added.p  precodeltscriptgt     window.define  functionfactory     my addition         try delete window.define  catche window.define  void 0   IE         window.when  factory          window.define.amd   ltscriptgt ltscript srcappsscriptswhen.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript srchttpautobahn.s3.amazonaws.comjsautobahn.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgt     var conn  new ab.Session         wslightspeedgames.com8080  The host our Ratchet WebSocket server to connect to       , function              Once the connection has been established             conn.subscribekittensCategory, functiontopic, data                   This is where you would add the new article to the DOM beyond the scope of this tutorial                 console.logNew article published to category   topic      data.title                             , function              When the connection is closed             console.warnWebSocket connection closed                ,                         Additional parameters, were ignoring the WAMP subprotocol for older browsers             skipSubprotocolCheck true               ltscriptgt codepre  pThis file is located a hrefhttplightspeedgames.comappsclient.php relnofollowherea.p  pIn theory, what emshould happenem is this for example I open codeclient.phpcode in Chrome with console switched on then I open codepost.phpcode in Firefox Chromes console should show the message New article published... etc from the codeconn.subscribecode function in codeclient.phpcode. However, when I do this, nothing happens. The connection remains open doesnt show the connection closed error until I switch off codepushserver.phpcode through SSH. The console remains empty.p  pI think thats all the relevant info from the last couple of days, a large portion of which Ive spent on trying to figure this out. However, Ive been unable to even make sure if the problem is with the code or with some server configuration setting I may be unaware of. So, I come to you hoping someone will point me in the right direction.p  pIMPORTANT EDITp  pIm pretty sure the problem is with the Autobahn.js method codeconn.subscribecode not working properly. The connection is being established. When I change the code top  precodefunction              Once the connection has been established             console.logConnection established             conn.subscribekittensCategory, functiontopic, data                   This is where you would add the new article to the DOM beyond the scope of this tutorial                 console.logNew article published to category   topic      data.title                       codepre  pThen codeConnection establishedcode is shown in the console correctly. So I believe we need to troubleshoot the subscribe method. If someone can explain to me how it works, and what exactly topic and data are supposed to be, ti would be of great help. The Autobahn documentation uses a URL as an argument for this method see a hrefhttpautobahn.wsjstutorialspubsub relnofollowherea.p
Negative 110 pI am making a small java Swing Applet that converts temperatures TempConvert.javap  pHere is my codep  precodepackage swing  import javax.swing. import javax.swing.event. import java.awt. import java.awt.event.   Celcius to Fahrenheit Converter   version 1.0   author Oliver Ni    public class TempConvert extends JApplet     JLabel result     JRadioButton ctof     JRadioButton ftoc     JTextField deg     JLabel degLab     JButton convert      public void convert          if ctof.isSelected  true              result.setTextlthtmlgtltbrgt  Integer.toStringInteger.parseIntdeg.getText  9  5  32  ltsupgtoltsupgt Flthtmlgt          else if ftoc.isSelected  true              result.setTextlthtmlgtltbrgt  Integer.toStringInteger.parseIntdeg.getText  32  5  9  ltsupgtoltsupgt Clthtmlgt          else              result.setTextlthtmlgtltbrgtError.lthtmlgt                    public void makeApplet          setLayoutnew FlowLayout         ctof  new JRadioButtonCelcius to Fahrenheit         ftoc  new JRadioButtonFahrenheit to Celcius         convert  new JButtonConvert         result  new JLabel         ButtonGroup group  new ButtonGroup         group.addctof         group.addftoc          deg  new JTextField10         degLab  new JLabellthtmlgtltsupgtoltsupgtlthtmlgt         convert.addActionListenernew ActionListener              public void actionPerformedActionEvent ae                  convert                               addctof         addftoc         adddeg         adddegLab         addconvert         addresult           public void init          try              SwingUtilities.invokeAndWaitnew Runnable                  public void run                      makeApplet                                        catchException e              System.out.printlnError loading because   e                codepre  pI want to call the codeconvertcode function every time the text in the codeJTextFieldcode codedegcode is changed. Is there any way I can do thatp  pAny help would be appreciatedp
Negative 110 pIm just trying to get Hibernate to work for the first time...  I think Im close, but Im not sure why my mapping isnt working.  p  pI have a class, User, and I have the following User.hbm.xml mapping for it.  p  p  p  precodelthibernatemappinggt     ltclass nameUser tableusersgt         ltcompositeid nameid classUsergt             ltkeyproperty nameid typejava.lang.Integergt                 ltcolumn nameid gt             ltkeypropertygt             ltkeyproperty namefname typestringgt                 ltcolumn namefname gt             ltkeypropertygt             ltkeyproperty namelname typestringgt                 ltcolumn namelname gt             ltkeypropertygt         ltcompositeidgt     ltclassgt lthibernatemappinggt codepre  pWhen I try the followingp  precodeUser user  null try      session.beginTransaction              user  User session.getUser.class, id     session.getTransaction.commit  catch HibernateException e      e.printStackTrace     session.getTransaction.rollback  codepre  pI am gettingp  precodejava.lang.ClassNotFoundException User     java.net.URLClassLoader1.runUnknown Source     java.net.URLClassLoader1.runUnknown Source     java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method     java.net.URLClassLoader.findClassUnknown Source     org.springframework.boot.loader.LaunchedURLClassLoader.findClassLaunchedURLClassLoader.java148     java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassUnknown Source     org.springframework.boot.loader.LaunchedURLClassLoader.doLoadClassLaunchedURLClassLoader.java131     org.springframework.boot.loader.LaunchedURLClassLoader.loadClassLaunchedURLClassLoader.java103     java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassUnknown Source     java.lang.Class.forName0Native Method     java.lang.Class.forNameUnknown Source     org.hibernate.internal.util.ReflectHelper.classForNameReflectHelper.java193     org.hibernate.mapping.Component.getComponentClassComponent.java138     org.hibernate.tuple.component.PojoComponentTuplizer.buildGetterPojoComponentTuplizer.java155     org.hibernate.tuple.component.AbstractComponentTuplizer.ltinitgtAbstractComponentTuplizer.java64     org.hibernate.tuple.component.PojoComponentTuplizer.ltinitgtPojoComponentTuplizer.java59     sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0Native Method     sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstanceUnknown Source     sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstanceUnknown Source     java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceUnknown Source     org.hibernate.tuple.component.ComponentTuplizerFactory.constructTuplizerComponentTuplizerFactory.java98     org.hibernate.tuple.component.ComponentTuplizerFactory.constructDefaultTuplizerComponentTuplizerFactory.java122     org.hibernate.tuple.component.ComponentMetamodel.ltinitgtComponentMetamodel.java81     org.hibernate.mapping.Component.getTypeComponent.java180     org.hibernate.mapping.SimpleValue.isValidSimpleValue.java310     org.hibernate.mapping.RootClass.validateRootClass.java271     org.hibernate.cfg.Configuration.validateConfiguration.java1358     org.hibernate.cfg.Configuration.buildSessionFactoryConfiguration.java1849     com.cloudfordev.controlpanel.HibernateUtil.configureSessionFactoryHibernateUtil.java16     com.cloudfordev.controlpanel.GetController.greetingGetController.java19     sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeUnknown Source     sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeUnknown Source     java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeUnknown Source     org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.invokeInvocableHandlerMethod.java214     org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.invokeForRequestInvocableHandlerMethod.java132     org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.ServletInvocableHandlerMethod.invokeAndHandleServletInvocableHandlerMethod.java104     org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.invokeHandleMethodRequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java748     org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.handleInternalRequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java689     org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.AbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.handleAbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.java83     org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doDispatchDispatcherServlet.java947     org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doServiceDispatcherServlet.java878     org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequestFrameworkServlet.java946     org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGetFrameworkServlet.java837     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java621     org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.serviceFrameworkServlet.java822     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728     org.springframework.web.filter.HiddenHttpMethodFilter.doFilterInternalHiddenHttpMethodFilter.java77     org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilterOncePerRequestFilter.java108 codepre  pAm I correct that this is a problem with my User.hbm.xml  p  pIf so, what is the solutionp  pThank you,p
Negative 110 pI have a problem with this recursive void functionp  precodevoid ReadBinaryTreeNODE ampp      char ch     File.getch     if ch                NODE p  new Node         pgtSetFreqch         ReadBinaryTreepgtLeft         ReadBinaryTreepgtRight          else return  codepre  pcodeNODEcode is a pointer to the class Node and File is an ifstream object.  codeLeftcode and codeRightcode return codeNODEcode. The compiler does not accept the codepgtLeftcode and codepgtRightcode arguments, the error isp  precodeno know conversion for argument 1 from NODE aka Node to Node amp codepre  pCould you help me How can I save the pointers to Node during the recursionp
Negative 110 pHow can I change the geometry of an array from one to two dimensions from linear array to squared matrixp  pIn my code I have a function returning codedatacode, defined asp  precodeunsigned long data  mallocsizeofunsigned long  9 codepre  pThe function receiving codedatacode is using that pointer as an argument for a call to another functionp  precodesumOfColTwodata codepre  pBut I would like that function to access the array as if it were a 3x3 matrix.  For example, to compute the total of a column I would like to be able to dop  precodevoid sumOfColTwoltsomedeclarationheregt      for i0 ilt3 i         sum  data[1][i]  codepre  pIn other words, given a linear arrayp  precodeA B C D E F G H I codepre  pI would like to logically access it in either of these two formsp  precodeA B C          A D G D E F    or    B E H G H I          C F I codepre  p[I am using ANSI C C89]p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pAs per request in the comments, heres how I generate the original codedatacodep  precodeunsigned long loadinputvoid       unsigned long data  mallocsizeofunsigned long  9      unsigned char i, parsed     for i0 ilt9 i          parsed  scanflu, ampdata[i]            Return the appropriate value eventually freeing unused memory      if parsed  1          return data      else          freedata         return NULL       codepre
Negative 110 pMy WPF application was compiling fine p  pbut after I added a Label element, p  precodeltLabel ContentTime Remaining ForegroundWhite Grid.Row0 Grid.Column1 VerticalAlignmentBottom HorizontalAlignmentRightgt codepre  pit showsp  blockquote   pThe type initializer for System.Windows.Media.FontFamily threw an   exceptionp blockquote  pon compilation. It works if I remove the Label element.p  pI searched for a while and tried using this line of codep  precode Environment.SetEnvironmentVariablewindir, Environment.GetEnvironmentVariableSystemRoot codepre  pbut still it shows the exception.p  pstrongEDITstrong I deleted all the fonts in my computer except the protected fonts and it solved the problem.p
Negative 110 pIm using MOXy with Jersey to implement a RESTful API and want to return lists naturally for JSON and XML, by which I mean that the XML contains an element tag for the overall collection as well as the collection items, whereas the JSON contains a tag for the collection only.p  pFor example, I want to return an organisation resource with nested lists of facilities and locations.  As XMLp  precodeltorganisationgt   ltidgt1ltidgt   ltnamegtXYZltnamegt   ltfacilitiesgt     ltfacilitygt       ltidgt1ltidgt       lttextgtTelephonelttextgt     ltfacilitygt     ltfacilitygt       ltidgt3ltidgt       lttextgtWhiteboardlttextgt     ltfacilitygt   ltfacilitiesgt   ltlocationsgt     ltlocationgt       ltidgt1ltidgt       ltkindgtREGIONltkindgt       ltnamegtLondonltnamegt     ltlocationgt     ltlocationgt       ltidgt2ltidgt       ltkindgtREGIONltkindgt       ltnamegtManchesterltnamegt     ltlocationgt   ltlocationsgt ltorganisationgt codepre  pAnd as JSONp  precode   id 1,   name XYZ,   facilities [            id 1,       text Telephone     ,            id 3,       text Whiteboard        ],   locations [            id 1,       kind REGION,       name London     ,            id 2,       kind REGION,       name Manchester        ]  codepre  pUnfortunately, I dont seem to be able to get a code base that allows me to return the output like this for both XML and JSON. If I use a class to wrap the nested list, then the XML appears correct but not the JSON see ExternalFacilities below. If I define the nested list as an codeArrayListcode subclass then the JSON appears correct but not the XML see ExternalLocations below.p  pstrongXML sample showing facilities list correct but not locationsstrongp  pSee that there is no XML element that wraps the locations list as there is for facilities, and also that each location has a pluralised element name.p  precodeltorganisationgt   ltidgt1ltidgt   ltnamegtXYZltnamegt   ltfacilitiesgt     ltfacilitygt       ltidgt1ltidgt       lttextgtTelephonelttextgt     ltfacilitygt     ltfacilitygt         ltidgt3ltidgt         lttextgtWhiteboardlttextgt     ltfacilitygt   ltfacilitiesgt   ltlocationsgt     ltidgt1ltidgt     ltkindgtREGIONltkindgt     ltnamegtLondonltnamegt   ltlocationsgt   ltlocationsgt     ltidgt2ltidgt     ltkindgtREGIONltkindgt     ltnamegtManchesterltnamegt   ltlocationsgt ltorganisationgt codepre  pstrongJSON sample showing locations list correct but not facilitiesstrongp  pSee that the facilities list is a JSON object containing a JSON array, whereas I just want the JSON array with the pluralised element name.p  precode   id 1,   name XYZ,   facilities      facility [                      id 1,             text Telephone         ,                      id 3,             text Whiteboard              ]   ,   locations [            id 1,       kind REGION,       name London     ,            id 2,       kind REGION,       name Manchester        ]  codepre  pThis samples above are produced using the same code, just changing the Accept HTTP header to have Jersey return JSON instead of XML. Here is an excerpt of the classesp  pstrongExternalOrganisation.javastrongp  precodeXmlRootElementnameorganisation XmlAccessorTypeXmlAccessType.FIELD public class ExternalOrganisation      private String             name    private ExternalFacilities facilities    private ExternalLocations  locations     ...   codepre  pstrongExternalFacilities.javastrongp  precodeXmlRootElementnamefacilities public class ExternalFacilities    XmlElementRef   private ListltExternalFacilitygt list   ...  codepre  pstrongExternalLocations.javastrongp  precodeXmlRootElementnamelocations public class ExternalLocations extends ArrayListltExternalLocationgt    ...  codepre  pstrongExternalFacility.javastrongp  precodeXmlRootElementnamefacility XmlTypepropOrderid, uri, kind, text public class ExternalFacility extends ExternalBase       id inherited     private String text     ....  codepre  pstrongExternalLocation.javastrongp  precodeXmlRootElementnamelocation XmlTypepropOrderid, kind, name public class ExternalLocation extends ExternalBase       id inherited     XmlElement private LocationKind kind     XmlElement private String       name     ...  codepre  pSeems at first similar to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20569891moxylistofobjectsxmlandjsoncantgetbothlookgoodthis questiona but Im not trying to mix the types of object in my lists.p
Negative 110 pIve got a Windows Phone 8 application using Fody to inject INotifyPropertyChanged into properties. I have Class First with property A which is binded to textbox in Viewp  precode[ImplementPropertyChanged] public class First      public int A  get set       public int AA  get return A  1    codepre  pAnd class Second with property B depending on property A also binded to textboxp  precode[ImplementPropertyChanged] public class Second      private First first      public int B  get return first.A  1    codepre  pUpdating A and AA works fine, however B doesnt update automatically when first.A changes. Is there an easy and clean way to achieve such automatical updates using fody or do I have to create my own event to handle itp
Negative 110 precodeupdate orders set tname  select top 1 t.task                 from task t                 where prodtyp2 and sordernbr  t.ORDERNBR                 order by t.strtdt desc  where Prodtype2  update orders set tname  select top 1 t.task                 from task t                 where  prodtyp1 and sordernbrt.ORDERNBR                 order by t.strtdt desc where Prodtype1 codepre  pI am trying to update the codetnamecode column of codeorderscode table by the latest task from the codetaskcode table p  pAnd the condition is codeprodtypcode of codeorderscode table is 1 and codesordernbrcode of codeorderscode table and ordernbr of codetaskcode table are equalp  pMy first update statement works well where the rows are 900k and for the second update rows are 400k for second update statement it takes more than one hour to run and at last I cancelled the queryp
Negative 110 pI am trying to open a popup window in on click of a button following is my codep  precodefunction openPopurld     myWindowwindow.openurld,,width300,height500,left0,top100,screenX0,screenY100     ifnavigator.userAgent.toLowerCase.indexOfchrome gt 1         var t  setTimeoutresizemyWindow, 200     else         resizemyWindow  function resizewindow      var innerWidth  window.innerWidth  document.documentElement.clientWidth  document.body.clientWidth     var innerHeight  window.innerHeight  document.documentElement.clientHeight  document.body.clientHeight     var targetWidth  500     var targetHeight  500     window.resizeBytargetWidthinnerWidth, targetHeightinnerHeight  codepre  pwindow is opening but height is not setting on chrome browser and how to set focus back to my previous window.p
Negative 110 pI have some trouble. I want to start Processes with C The goal is to start several applications of a special Document in the background. Now this is done by me, I start the Program as a invisible Process, but I want to direct the application through my code. So, I want to have a object back the object with a special ProcessID, which is lying on the Running Object Table. I dont can solve this, because I am getting always the first application back.p  precodepublic static Application GetRunningCOMObjectByProcessIdint id                       ROTSchnittstelle             IRunningObjectTable runningObjectTable  null               MonikerAuflistung             IEnumMoniker monikerList  null              try                               Running Object Table abfragen und nichts zurckgeben, wenn keine COMObjekte laufen                 if GetRunningObjectTable0, out runningObjectTable  0  runningObjectTable  null return null                   Moniker abfragen                 runningObjectTable.EnumRunningout monikerList                    An den Anfang der Auflistung springen                 monikerList.Reset                   Array fr MonikerAbfrage erzeugen                 IMoniker[] monikerContainer  new IMoniker[1]                   Zeiger auf die Anzahl der tatschlich abgefragten Moniker erzeugen                 IntPtr pointerFetchedMonikers  IntPtr.Zero                   Alle Moniker durchlaufen                 while monikerList.Next1, monikerContainer, pointerFetchedMonikers  0                                       Objekt fr Bindungsinformationen                     IBindCtx bindInfo                       Variable fr den Anzeigenamen des aktuellen COMObjekts                     string displayName                       Bindungsobjekt erzeugen                     CreateBindCtx0, out bindInfo                       Anzeigename des COMObjekts ber den Moniker abfragen                     monikerContainer[0].GetDisplayNamebindInfo, null, out displayName                       Bindungsobjekt entsorgen                     Marshal.ReleaseComObjectbindInfo                                           Wenn der Anzeigename mit dem gesuchten bereinstimmt ...                     if displayName.IndexOfobjectDisplayName  1                                               Variable fr COMObjekt                         object comInstance                           COMObjekt ber den Anzeigenamen abrfragen                         runningObjectTable.GetObjectmonikerContainer[0], out comInstance                           COMObjekt zurckgeben                         return comInstance                                                                Variable fr COMObjekt                     object comInstance                     Application qvApp                      COMObjekt ber den Anzeigenamen abrfragen                     runningObjectTable.GetObjectmonikerContainer[0], out comInstance                      if comInstance is Application                                              qvApp  ApplicationcomInstance                         int pid  qvApp.GetProcessId                         if pid  id                                                      return qvApp                                                                                           catch                               Nichts zurckgeben                 return null                          finally                               Ggf. COMVerweise entsorgen                 if runningObjectTable  null Marshal.ReleaseComObjectrunningObjectTable                 if monikerList  null Marshal.ReleaseComObjectmonikerList                           Nichts zurckgeben             return null           codepre  pSo, how can I get a certain object back with a special process idp  h1Edit How looks my ROTh1  pI am interested in the yellow ones. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7bxjT.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pIm trying to send mail to list of email array that I receive from database, when I send the recipient list gets populated in codeiOS 7code but when I tried in codeiOS 5code the recipient list doesnt get populated. Any Idea why This is my mail functionp  precodevoidsendEmailToContactsNSArray fList withTextNSString emailText withTagNSInteger tag      if[MFMailComposeViewController canSendMail]              MFMailComposeViewController mailComposer  [[MFMailComposeViewController alloc] init]         mailComposer.view.tagtag         NSString htmlBody [NSString stringWithFormatlta hrefgtltagt,currentAdd.contentUrl,addtext]         [mailComposer setMessageBodyhtmlBody isHTMLYES]         [mailComposer setSubjectcurrentMail.subject]         mailComposer.mailComposeDelegate  self         [mailComposer setToRecipientsfList]         [self presentViewControllermailComposer animatedYES completionnil]          else             NSLogDevice is unable to send email in its current state.       codepre  pMy codefListcode recipient list is an codeNSArraycode, this is a sample output of my fListp  precode     johngmail.com,     marygmail.com,     akhilgmail.com,     testergmail.com  codepre
Negative 110 pWhen I calling delete method in Drop action the application giving app not respondingp  precodecase DragEvent.ACTIONDROP           View view  View event.getLocalState           ViewGroup owner  ViewGroup view.getParent           owner.removeViewview           FrameLayout container  FrameLayout v           container.addViewview           view.setVisibilityView.VISIBLE           app.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                  public void run                      try                     DeleteWithIDiddb                         catchException e                         e.printStackTrace                                                                    break codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to use jQuerys focus method and I dont understand why its not working. Heres a fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net3RGRv4 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net3RGRv4ap  pWhen you press Ready to rock, the button handler is called and, inside of it, codeplaylistNameInput.focuscodep  pThe console logs messages acknowledging that this was reached and processed, but still no focus happens. Any idea why this isp
Negative 110 pi want to activate a function on click on a div ... actually this animation starts page load... and i want to click on a div to activate this animation.p  pthis was my first Question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21080983activatedivfunctiononclick2108100321081003Questionap  pHow is this possiblep  precodevar a  .a, b  .b, c  .c  function anim1      b.animatewidth 395, duration 500, complete anim2   function anim2      a.animatetop0px, duration 500    anim1 codepre  pHere is the fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netUqgXc26 relnofollowFIDDLE DEMOap
Negative 110 pI would like to generate a SQL to list to display the maximum tally count based on enumerated group of values on a monthly basis. As this would be useful for analytics based algorithm in displaying the total impressions of a particular data type. p  pPlease check my sample table p  precodeCREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS companyattendancetally    id int11 NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,   startdate datetime NOT NULL,   sicktype enumVACATION,SICK,MATERNITY COLLATE utf8unicodeci NOT NULL,   leavecount int11 NOT NULL,   PRIMARY KEY id,   KEY startdate startdate  ENGINEMyISAM  DEFAULT CHARSETutf8 COLLATEutf8unicodeci AUTOINCREMENT32     Dumping data for table companyattendancetally   INSERT INTO companyattendancetally id, startdate, sicktype, leavecount VALUES 1, 20130301 165844, VACATION, 5, 2, 20130315 104435, SICK, 43, 3, 20130321 170333, MATERNITY, 44, 4, 20130307 230130, MATERNITY, 10, 5, 20130322 170707, MATERNITY, 1, 6, 20130308 193304, VACATION, 40, 7, 20130317 122700, MATERNITY, 15, 8, 20130303 232648, SICK, 11, 9, 20130305 021637, MATERNITY, 41, 10, 20130320 120428, MATERNITY, 18, 11, 20130318 021000, MATERNITY, 1, 12, 20130303 094702, MATERNITY, 19, 13, 20130322 101752, MATERNITY, 25, 14, 20130303 194152, VACATION, 10, 15, 20130302 192841, SICK, 39, 16, 20130301 204526, SICK, 42, 17, 20130326 235216, MATERNITY, 29, 18, 20130329 141058, SICK, 44, 19, 20130327 031140, MATERNITY, 12, 20, 20130306 183828, MATERNITY, 30, 21, 20130307 204914, VACATION, 27, 22, 20130313 113845, VACATION, 14, 23, 20130302 191331, SICK, 2, 24, 20130301 100818, SICK, 27, 25, 20130320 015638, VACATION, 3, 26, 20130304 210205, SICK, 7, 27, 20130317 004717, MATERNITY, 36, 28, 20130304 081256, VACATION, 5, 29, 20130318 085057, SICK, 34, 30, 20130326 022058, VACATION, 20, 31, 20130327 102700, SICK, 21 codepre  pa hrefhttpsqlfiddle.com2bbd1e3 relnofollowhttpsqlfiddle.com2bbd1e3ap  pI would like to display a similar output below based on the above scenariop  precodemonth  day         sicktype        leavecount       3    08         VACATION   40       3    29         SICK       29     3    21         MATERNITY   44 and so on so forth...     4    ...        MATERNITY   ..     4    ...        SICK        ..     4    ...        VACATION    ..     5    ...        MATERNITY   ..     5    ...        SICK        ..     5    ...        VACATION    .. codepre
Negative 110 pSpent ages trying to fix this and getting nowhere. Basically when the action link is clicked I want the div to be updated with the values which are showing up on the new page but cannot seem to fix the problem. Here is my codep  precodemodel PagedList.IPagedListltS00117372CA3.Productgt model TupleltPagedList.IPagedListltS00117372CA3.Productgt, IEnumerableltS00117372CA3.Ordergtgt model S00117372CA3.Controllers.ProductViewModel      ViewBag.Title  Index   lth2gtIndexlth2gt  ltpgt     Html.ActionLinkCreate New, Create ltpgt lttable classsearchResultgt     lttrgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Products.First.ProductName         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Products.First.Supplier.CompanyName         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Products.First.Category.CategoryName         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Products.First.QuantityPerUnit         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Products.First.UnitPrice         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Products.First.UnitsInStock         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Products.First.UnitsOnOrder         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Products.First.ReorderLevel         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Products.First.Discontinued         ltthgt         ltthgtltthgt     lttrgt  foreach var item in Model.Products      lttrgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.ProductName         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.Supplier.CompanyName         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.Category.CategoryName         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.QuantityPerUnit         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.UnitPrice         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.UnitsInStock         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.UnitsOnOrder         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.ReorderLevel         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.Discontinued         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.ActionLinkEdit, Edit, new  iditem.ProductID               Ajax.ActionLinkDetails, Details, new  iditem.ProductID , new AjaxOptions  UpdateTargetId  searchResult, InsertionMode  InsertionMode.Replace, HttpMethod  GET               Html.ActionLinkDelete, Delete, new  iditem.ProductID          lttdgt     lttrgt   lttablegt  ltdivgt     Page Model.Products.PageCount lt Model.Products.PageNumber  0  Model.Products.PageNumber of Model.Products.PageCount     if Model.Products.HasPreviousPage              Html.ActionLinkltlt, Index, new  page  1         Html.Raw          Html.ActionLinklt Prev, Index, new page  Model.Products.PageNumber  1          else      ltlt      Html.Raw          lt Prev              if Model.Products.HasNextPage              Html.ActionLinkNext gt, Index, new page  Model.Products.PageNumber  1         Html.Raw           Html.ActionLinkgtgt, Index, new page  Model.Products.PageCount          else      Next gt      Html.Raw  gtgt         ltdivgt  ltdiv idsearchResultgt  ltdivgt  Scripts.Renderbundlesjquery     ltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptsjquery.unobtrusiveajax.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt codepre
Negative 110 pSuppose the following data frame, I want to factorized var, and label numbers to Greek letters, from 1 to alpha, 2 to beta, 3 to gamma. But the following code does not work. p  precodevarltc1,1,2,2,3,3 dfltas.data.framevar dfvarltfactordfvar, levelsc1,2,3,                labelsc1expressionalpha,                         2expressionbeta,                         3expressiongamma codepre  pWhy the final data frame is not greek letters but just text expressions Can anyone help me on this Thanks a lot.p
Negative 110 pI need to have an editable customer contact address book that can be shared over the network and ties into Outlook. I do not have an exchange server but have a server running linux mint. What are my optionsp
Negative 110 pHi need some help in servlet.p  pI want to get the image and text from jsp page in servlet, But i am not get the text value.p  pThis is my code Sample.p  pIn JSPp  precodeltform methodpost actionFileUploadServlet enctypemultipartformdata gt         ltinput typetext namenamegt         Select file to upload ltinput typefile nameimagegt          ltbrgtltbrgt          ltinput typesubmit valueUpload   gt     ltformgt codepre  pIn Servletp  precodeprotected void doPostHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response         throws ServletException, IOException         String name   request.getParametername      System.out.printlnReceived From jspname      ifnamenull                         ..................              ..................       codepre  pHere i am getting only null value, but i am sending normally without multipart i got the value, whatever sent by the jsp page.p  pHow can i send image with text value in servlet , This is possible.p  pPlease Help Me. Thanks in Advance.p
Negative 110 pI want to use codedjangosimplecaptchacode in my web site. I went through installation guide in official site but captcha image doesnt load in borrowser and this error appears in console code500 INTERNAL SERVER ERRORcodep  pThen I ran the python3 manage.py test captcha command in termianl Im working on mint 15 and get this error codeImportError The imagingft C module is not installedcodep  pWhats the reason a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4011705pythontheimagingftcmoduleisnotinstalledThisa solution didnt work for me p
Negative 110 pI would like to use XSLT to display all the attributes of the XML snippet below. However none of my codeidcode attribures are appearing.p  pstrongXMLstrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt  ltcoursesgt          ltcourse instructorse101 e102 e103 e104 nameEWS.NETgt          ltcourse instructorse101 e102 e105 nameGWS.NETgt      ltemployeesgt          ltemployee ide101 nameAaron Skonnardgt          ltemployee ide102 nameSimon Horrellgt          ltemployee ide103 nameDan Sullivangt          ltemployee ide104 nameScott Bloomgt          ltemployee ide105 nameBob Beauchemingt      ltemployeesgt  ltcoursesgt codepre  pstrongXSLTstrongp  precodeltxslstylesheet version1.0 xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransformgt ltxsloutput methodhtml encodingutf8gt ltxsltemplate matchgt lth2gtCourses and Instructorslth2gt ltxsltemplategt ltxsltemplate matchemployeesgt ltxslforeach selectemployeegt ltxslvalueof selectemployeeid gt ltxslforeachgt ltxsltemplategt ltxslstylesheetgt codepre  pCan someone help me understand why the codeidcode attributes are not being displayed with my XSLT codep
Negative 110 pIm new in java and storm p  pi imported a project in eclipse with the needed  library and i got errors in some code p  pThe code of the project i imported herep  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comnathanmarzstormstarter relnofollowhttpsgithub.comnathanmarzstormstartera .p  pand i run pom.xml using Maven  .. Build Successfully .p  pIm using eclipse Kelper Jee Release .p  pthe photo i upload it show more about my problem .p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comvUtg9.jpg alterrorsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6Lk3D.jpg altwarningp  pwhat about warning i have . its suppose for project ... work well  am i ignore it or no p
Negative 110 pI know that if we declarep  precodeSecureRandom randomnew SecureRandom codepre  pIt initializes the default algorithm to generate random number is codeNativePRNGcode which reads codedevrandomcode to generate the truly random codeseedcode. Now we have truly random codeseedcode which is 160 bit size, but i am confused what happens when we call coderandom.nextBytesbytescode. How it generates codebytescode from the codeseedcode,does it again read the codedevrandomcode or something else. p  pThanks.p  pstrongN.B.strong  emi am looking for default behavior in java 7 in linuxMAC box.emp
Negative 110 pI have a problem on my navigation bar. codeUIBarButtonItemcode codetintColorcode is orange, but when I present popover, codebarButtonItemcode codetintColorcode changes to lightGray. Navigation bar tint color is whiteColor. I need to leave orange color after popover presents.  Can someone help me Thank youp  pEDIT 1p  pi make selectable barButtonItem and i have subclass of UIBarButtonItemp  precodevoidsetSelectedBOOLselected      selected  selected     if selected          self.tintColor  self.selectedColor      else          self.tintColor  self.defaultColor        idinitWithImageUIImage image styleUIBarButtonItemStylestyle targetidtarget actionSELaction defaultColorUIColor defaultColor      self  [super initWithImageimage stylestyle targettarget actionaction]     if self          self.tintColor  defaultColor          return self   idinitWithTitleNSString title styleUIBarButtonItemStylestyle targetidtarget actionSELaction defaultColorUIColor defaultColor      self  [super initWithTitletitle stylestyle targettarget actionaction]     if self          self.tintColor  defaultColor          return self  codepre  pEDIT 2p  pThanx Warren Burton for answer, solution isp  precodeself.navigationController.navigationBar.tintAdjustmentMode  UIViewTintAdjustmentModeNormal codepre
Negative 110 pi want to sum the months for all the years in a time series that looks likep  precode         Jan Feb Mar Apr Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec 2006              4   4   3    4   4   5   5   3  3 2007      3   3   2   2   4    3   3   2   2   5  5 2008      3   3   3   2   2    4   4   3    codepre  pby using            windowthe time series object,startc2006,3,endc2008,3,frequency1   this line gives you a new ts object with just march of 20062007. However this does not work when the month does not have any values in it, is there any way to replace the gaps with NA I have seen questions like this before but the dont answer i think for a ts object.p
Negative 110 pIn short, I am trying to create an Android application which authenticates the user through the Google  API, and then sends the access token to a server, which in turn should use it to get information about the user. The issue is that I am getting a 403 error when accessing the Google  API from the server.p  pThe URL used codehttpswww.googleapis.complusv1peoplemeaccesstokenya29.1.AADtNWKfJMEKntMj4Trggafngs7CTkfwuBXAprdFGpvXQi2Ea7tCfwrasUPLe0wy6AuODpMyXEyYvcTPZU8FZbNrSD3UXYQBfmLun7dIon0txvCukESf6EUg1vVSi588ysAn1codep  pThe message receivedp  precode  error    errors [         domain usageLimits,     reason accessNotConfigured,     message Access Not Configured. Please use Google Developers Console to activate the API for your project.       ],   code 403,   message Access Not Configured. Please use Google Developers Console to activate the API for your project.    codepre  pI have also tried to send the access token through the codeAuthorizationcode header, but I get the same response.p  pI have enabled every Google API I can find, but I am still getting this errorp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com3o9MY.png altenter image description herep  pAnd this is how I am getting the acces token from the client Android applicationp  precodeGoogleAuthUtil.getTokenSignInActivity.this, plusClient.getAccountName, oauth2  PLUSPROFILE     PLUSLOGIN codepre  pDoes anyone know what the issue is I am not trying to create a super secure application, as its just for a school project, but I still need to access user information from the server.p
Negative 110 pI have been looking at some code for a small chat program that I found online. It was originally written for 2.7, but it seems to work with 3.2. The only problem is that I cannot send strings, only numbersp  pThe chat.py file source codep  precodefrom socket import  HOST   PORT  8000 s  socketAFINET, SOCKSTREAM s.bindHOST, PORT s.listen1  conn, addr  s.accept  print Connected by   straddr  i  True while i is True     data  conn.recv1024     print Received   reprdata     reply  strinputReply      conn.sendreply conn.close codepre  pAnd the client.py source filep  precodefrom socket import   HOST   PORT  8000 s  socketAFINET, SOCKSTREAM s.connectHOST, PORT  clientside, connects to a host while True     message  strinputYour Message      s.sendmessage     print Awaiting reply...     reply  s.recv1024  1024 is max data that can be received     print Received   reprreply s.close codepre  pWhen I run these using two separate terminals, they work, but do not send strings.p  pThank youp
Negative 110 pI have taken a basic class on Java, but my knowledge is very little. I have created a text based rpg over the last month or two since I am getting more familiar with Java. I was wondering if there was any way I could have the program create a save file to be stored in a certain folder and prompt the user if they would like to open a saved character. I have not learned any of the object oriented parts of Java yet. What could I do to implement thisp
Negative 110 pI have the followingp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltsection classmainsectiongt     ltarticlegt     ...     ltarticlegt ltsectiongt codepre  pIn my stylesheet I havep  pre classlangcss prettyprintoverridecode.mainsection article      backgroundcolorfff      ...   codepre  pThe article is styled, and I am happy about it. Now, for a emsingleem instance of codearticlecode, I want to do the followingp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltsection classmainsectiongt     ltarticle classspecialbggt     ...     ltarticlegt ltsectiongt codepre  pWhich I have definedp  pre classlangcss prettyprintoverridecode.specialbg      backgroundcolor 276a7f  codepre  pBut the class is not setting the backgroundcolor. It seems that the styling of the html tag codearticlecode takes precedence, no matter the order of the CSS rules in my stylesheet.p  pHow can I overwrite a CSS property of an styled html tag by using a styling class Is this at all possible Any alternativep
Negative 110 pi have done each and every thing but i cant get into the folder. my file path CxampphtdocsProjectpnew projectadminindex.html but failed. i have place the condition in if portion so that if condtion is true, then should open up a file fron that path. i dont know why m getting failed. here is my codep  precodelthtmlgt    ltbodygt ltphp sessionstart ifSESSION[SHALA]1      echo Authentication unsuccessful  else ifSESSION[SHALA]1       SESSION[SHALA]1     conmysqlconnectlocalhost,root,     mysqlselectdbcivil,con     usernameSESSION[u]     passidSESSION[p]     echo username     echo passid      ifusernameamirlatif                echo hello             includeCxampphtdocsnew projectadmin             inisetincludepath, Cxampphtdocsnew projectadminadmin.html.inigetincludepath         dirnameCxampphtdocsnew projectadminindex.html          else                  iss main user profile ka ok        gt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 110 pI am using python3 with sympy 0.7.4.1. I couldnt figure out how to save solution for future use I cant find anything useful in the manuel or on google. For example, I have some equations eq1,eq2 and t1t2t30, then I can solve the equations byp  precodesolve[t1t2t3,eq1,eq2],[t1,t2,t3] codepre  pBut I would like to store the solutions to t1,t2,t3, so that I can use them for other operations. Is there a simple way to achieve this Simply using [t1,t2,t3]solve[t1t2t3,eq1,eq2],[t1,t2,t3] does not work.p  pThe return from solve isp  precodet2 3theta228  3theta2theta34  3theta328, t3 3theta224  3theta2theta32  3theta324, t1 3theta228  3theta2theta34  3theta328 codepre  pand if I add the flag setTrue, it would bep  precode[t1, t2, t3], 3theta228  3theta2theta34  3theta328, 3theta228  3theta2theta34  3theta328, 3theta224  3theta2theta32  3theta324 codepre  pfor dictTrue, it isp  precode[t2 3theta228  3theta2theta34  3theta328, t3 3theta224  3theta2theta32  3theta324, t1 3theta228  3theta2theta34  3theta328] codepre
Negative 110 pI have to encrypt a message with a zero padding in OpenSSL. I have read here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6087155usezeropaddinginopensslUse Zero Padding in OpenSSLa that if I want a zero padding, I have to add myself the 0. So here we go.p  pIm trying to pad the A message for exemple. But there is one thing I dont understand.p  precode   [a].packb.eachbyte  b printf08b, b     gt 00000000    [c].packb.eachbyte  b printf08b, b     gt 00000000 codepre  pWhy the results are equal  a and c are 2 differents strings, but the binary is equal p
Negative 110 pI have an application which has an html javascript interface and a java backend in which I load zip files. In certain cases, I get these zip files without a path I upload the file using the HTML5 file API and I must send the binary data via an ajax POST request to the java backend to decompress the file, but Im not sure how to do this.  The code I am currently using isp  precodeonOpen function       var that  this         var data  new Blob         var readBlob  functionevt              var files  document.getElementByIdfiles.files             var file  files[0]             var start  0             var stop  file.size  1              var reader  new FileReader             reader.onloadend  functionevt                  if evt.target.readyState  FileReader.DONE                       var str  evt.target.result                     data  new Blob[str], type applicationoctetstreamcharsetUTF8                     that.initializeNewTabthat.getcurrentDocument, openZip data                                             var blob  file.slicestart, stop  1             reader.readAsBinaryStringblob                   document.getElementByIdfiles.addEventListenerchange, functionevt                  readBlobevt         , false   codepre  pthe openZip functionp  precodeopenZip  function zipFile          var openedDocument  null         .ajax             url this.baseURL  openZip,             type POST,             async false,             data zipFile,             contentType applicationoctetstream charsetutf8,             dataType json,             success function data                  openedDocument  new newdocdata             ,                   return openedDocument               codepre  pand on the java endp  precodePOST PathopenZip ConsumesMediaType.APPLICATIONOCTETSTREAM public Document openDocumentFile zipFile      Document document  ArchiveUtil.openDocumentzipFile     return document  codepre  popenDocumentp  precodepublic static Document openDocumentFile file               Document openedDocument  new Document,,         try                       File file  file             final ZipFile zipFile  new ZipFilefile             final Enumerationlt extends ZipEntrygt entries  zipFile.entries             while entries.hasMoreElements                                 Get the contents of the document.              codepre  pI am unsure in what way to send the data i.e. binary string, array buffer, etc. and how to process it on the java end.p  hr  h2Edit Im using Jersey for a RESTish implementation and jQuery.h2
Negative 110 pI have a file called codeCUserabcDesktopMtmlog.txtcode and its contents arep  precode1 Down014644902 Up040800233  1 Down024044908 Up030800293  1 Down055044978 Up060800263  1 Down094544103 Up100800283 codepre  pThere is an application where the Down and Up time is noted in that file.  p  pTo check continuity of application, I want a query to check if the Down count is equal to the Up count.br If the count is equal then it should echo codeYescode and if the count is different then echo codeNocode.p
Negative 110 pI tried to download the latest version of this nugetp  pJSON Web Token Handler For the Microsoft .Net Framework 4.5 3.0.1p  pbut its not installing correctly in my project.p  pIn my Visual Studio solution, I looked in the folderp  precodepackagesSystem.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.3.0.1 codepre  pand the DLLs exist, but they are not within the stronglibstrong folder. They are in the packages root.p  pWhen I try to install it in my VS project, it says its been installed, but no project references are added.p  pI think its broken. Can anyone confirm that a nuget strongmuststrong have a stronglibstrong folder and the DLLs must be within the stronglibstrong folder.p
Negative 110 pi am using Spring social for fetching the data from facebook but encountering a weird error p  precode    org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException Error creating bean with name homeController Injection of autowired dependencies failed nested exception is  org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException Could not autowire field private org.springframework.social.facebook.api.Facebook   org.springframework.social.quickstart.HomeController.facebook nested exception is   org.springframework.beans.factory.NoSuchBeanDefinitionException No matching bean of type   [org.springframework.social.facebook.api.Facebook] found for dependency expected at least 1 bean which qualifies as autowire candidate for this dependency. Dependency annotations org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowiredrequiredtrue codepre  pI believe facebook object will come from the api. I dont have to define it manually.p  pmy web.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltwebapp version2.4 xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnsj2ee xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     xsischemaLocationhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsj2ee httpjava.sun.comxmlnsj2eewebapp25.xsdgt      ltdisplaynamegtSpring Social Facebookltdisplaynamegt    ltcontextparamgt         ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt         ltparamvaluegtWEBINFspringrootcontext.xmlltparamvaluegt     ltcontextparamgt      ltlistenergt         ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListenerltlistenerclassgt     ltlistenergt       ltservletgt       ltservletnamegtappServletltservletnamegt       ltservletclassgtorg.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServletltservletclassgt       ltinitparamgt             ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt             ltparamvaluegtWEBINFspringappServletservletcontext.xmlltparamvaluegt         ltinitparamgt       ltloadonstartupgt1ltloadonstartupgt     ltservletgt     ltservletmappinggt       ltservletnamegtappServletltservletnamegt       lturlpatterngtformslturlpatterngt     ltservletmappinggt     ltwelcomefilelistgt         ltwelcomefilegtindex.jspltwelcomefilegt     ltwelcomefilelistgt     ltwebappgt codepre  prootcontext.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans     xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     xmlnscontexthttpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext     xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans3.0.xsd         httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontextspringcontext3.0.xsdgt      lt Root Context defines shared resources visible to all other web components gt      lt Enable Annotationdrive bean configuration gt     ltcontextannotationconfig gt      ltcontextcomponentscan basepackageorg gt      lt Configures External Property Resolution gt     ltimport resourceproperties.xml gt      lt Configures Shared Data Access Resources gt     lt ltimport resourcedata.xml gt gt      lt Configures Spring Social gt     ltbean classorg.springframework.social.quickstart.config.SocialConfig gt  ltbeansgt codepre  pservletcontext.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltbeansbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc     xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     xmlnsbeanshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans     xsischemaLocation         httpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc httpwww.springframework.orgschemamvcspringmvc3.0.xsd         httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans3.0.xsdgt      lt DispatcherServlet Context defines this servlets requestprocessing infrastructure gt      lt Enables the Spring MVC Controller programming model gt     ltannotationdriven gt      lt Resolves views selected for rendering by Controllers to .jsp resources in the WEBINFviews directory gt     ltbeansbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.InternalResourceViewResolvergt         ltbeansproperty nameprefix valueWEBINFviews gt         ltbeansproperty namesuffix value.jsp gt     ltbeansbeangt  ltbeansbeansgt codepre  pIn my controller I am autowiring my Facebook obj.p  precodeController public class HomeController       Autowired     private Facebook facebook          Inject     public HomeControllerFacebook facebook          this.facebook  facebook           RequestMappingvalue  fb, method  RequestMethod.GET     public String homeModel model          System.out.printlnInside home method         ListltReferencegt friends  facebook.friendOperations.getFriends         model.addAttributefriends, friends         return home        codepre
Negative 110 pA bit about my systemp  pI am making a RPG game and I want people to select a kit. A kit is like a class which has its own effects and items.p  pNow each player can select a kit using a command.p  pEach kit implements the Kit interfacep  precodepublic interface Kit       public void addItems     public void execute   codepre  pExample of a kit classp  precodepublic class Warrior implements Kit       private Client player      public WarriorClient c          this.player  c                  Adds item to the player.            Override     public void addItems          for Integer item  PlayerKits.WARRIOR.getItems              this.player.getItems.addItemitem, 1                           This is used for kits effects.            Override     public void execute           TODO add a task scheduler and handle kit effects        codepre  pNow in the Client object, I have thisp  precodepublic Kit playerKit  null codepre  pMy problemp  pIn case that the player did NOT select a kit, the system will use the default kit. I want to store the default kit type into a final variable so the system dynamically will use the default kit type as instance. p  pemstrongNot compilableemstrong examplep  precodeprivate final Kit DEFAULTKIT  Warrior  public void setKitClient c      if c.playerKit  null          c.playerKit.addItems         c.playerKit.execute      else          c.playerKit  new DEFAULTKIT         c.playerKit.addItems         c.playerKit.execute                 codepre  pThis is basically shows the idea I want to implement but I dont think it is possible to store types into a variable and then create a new instance using them.p  pOf course I can do thisp  precodeprivate final PlayerKits DEFAULTKIT  PlayerKits.WARRIOR  public void getType      switchDEFAULTKIT          case WARRIOR             return new Warrior             break          ... more cases       codepre  pBut I want the solution to be short, simple, and a good design. Is this possible to dop
Negative 110 pDo you know any good Angular.dart alternative for Angular.js a hrefhttpschrome.google.comwebstoredetailangularjsbatarangighdmehidhipcmcojjgiloacoafjmpfkBataranga Would be much easier to debug scopes, bindings.p
Negative 110 pIs the complete list of AngularDart directives documented somewhere  I understand that this list is subject to change, given the rapid evolution in AngularDart.p
Negative 110 pBy default, in WPF you can scroll a textbox by part of a line. E.g. at the bottom of the textbox you can see the top half of the letters in the last line.p  pIs there any way of changing this functionality to work more like the textboxes in visual studio, which only scroll by whole linesp
Negative 110 pIm trying to set each annotation with different callout detail info. p  pCurrently when I click on any annotation location, it shows all the callout info.p  precodeimport AnnotationViewController.h import Annotation.h  implementation AnnotationViewController synthesize mapView  voidviewDidLoad       [super viewDidLoad]     [mapView setMapTypeMKMapTypeStandard]     [mapView setZoomEnabledYES]     [mapView setScrollEnabledYES]     [mapView setDelegateself]      MKCoordinateRegion TT   0.0, 0.0 , 0.0, 0.0      TT.center.latitude  43.65343     TT.center.longitude  79.396311     TT.span.longitudeDelta  0.02f     TT.span.latitudeDelta  0.02f     [mapView setRegionTT animatedYES]      Annotation ann1  [[Annotation alloc] init]     ann1.title  Annotation 01     ann1.subtitle  Message 01     ann1.coordinate  TT.center     [mapView addAnnotationann1]      MKCoordinateRegion TTY   0.0, 0.0 , 0.0, 0.0      TTY.center.latitude  43.76919     TTY.center.longitude  79.41245     TTY.span.longitudeDelta  0.02f     TTY.span.latitudeDelta  0.02f     [mapView setRegionTTY animatedYES]      Annotation ann2  [[Annotation alloc] init]     ann2.title  Annotation 02     ann2.subtitle  Message 02     ann2.coordinate  TTY.center     [mapView addAnnotationann2]     MKAnnotationView  mapViewMKMapView mapView viewForAnnotationidltMKAnnotationgtannotation      MKPinAnnotationView view  [[MKPinAnnotationView alloc] initWithAnnotationannotation reuseIdentifierpin]     view.pinColor  MKPinAnnotationColorPurple     view.enabled  YES     view.animatesDrop  YES     view.canShowCallout  YES      UIImageView imageView  [[UIImageView alloc] initWithImage[UIImage imageNamedGPSicon.png]]     view.leftCalloutAccessoryView  imageView     view.rightCalloutAccessoryView  [UIButton buttonWithTypeUIButtonTypeDetailDisclosure]      return view     voidmapViewMKMapView mapView annotationViewMKAnnotationView view calloutAccessoryControlTappedUIControl control      NSString msg  [Location 01 stringByAppendingFormatOpening 01]     UIAlertView alert  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitlePlaza 01 messagemsg delegateself cancelButtonTitleOK otherButtonTitlesnil]     [alert show]      NSString msg02  [Location 02 stringByAppendingFormatOpening 02]     UIAlertView alert02  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitlePlaza 02 messagemsg02 delegateself cancelButtonTitleOK otherButtonTitlesnil]     [alert02 show]     voidbuttonidsender       NSLogButton action     voiddealloc      voiddidReceiveMemoryWarning       Releases the view if it doesnt have a superview.     [super didReceiveMemoryWarning]       Release any cached data, images, etc that arent in use.   pragma mark  View lifecycle     Implement viewDidLoad to do additional setup after loading the view, typically from a nib.   voidviewDidLoad    [super viewDidLoad]       voidviewDidUnload      [super viewDidUnload]      Release any retained subviews of the main view.      e.g. self.myOutlet  nil    BOOLshouldAutorotateToInterfaceOrientationUIInterfaceOrientationinterfaceOrientation       Return YES for supported orientations     return interfaceOrientation  UIInterfaceOrientationPortrait   end codepre  pSo this is whats happening When I click on Annotation 01 the bubble will appear. But when I click on the callout detail icon, it will popup both Location 01 amp Location 2 titles. p  hr  pThanks Anna for you help. But I still get 2 callouts when i check one annotation. This is the code now..p  precodeimport AnnotationViewController.h import Annotation.h  implementation AnnotationViewController synthesize mapView  voidviewDidLoad   [super viewDidLoad] [mapView setMapTypeMKMapTypeStandard] [mapView setZoomEnabledYES] [mapView setScrollEnabledYES] [mapView setDelegateself]  MKCoordinateRegion TT   0.0, 0.0 , 0.0, 0.0  TT.center.latitude  43.65343 TT.center.longitude  79.396311 TT.span.longitudeDelta  0.02f TT.span.latitudeDelta  0.02f [mapView setRegionTT animatedYES]  Annotation ann1  [[Annotation alloc] init] ann1.title  Annotation 01 ann1.subtitle  Message 01 ann1.coordinate  TT.center [mapView addAnnotationann1]  MKCoordinateRegion TTY   0.0, 0.0 , 0.0, 0.0  TTY.center.latitude  43.76919 TTY.center.longitude  79.41245 TTY.span.longitudeDelta  0.02f TTY.span.latitudeDelta  0.02f [mapView setRegionTTY animatedYES]  Annotation ann2  [[Annotation alloc] init] ann2.title  Annotation 02 ann2.subtitle  Message 02 ann2.coordinate  TTY.center [mapView addAnnotationann2]     MKAnnotationView  mapViewMKMapView mapView viewForAnnotationidltMKAnnotationgtannotation  MKPinAnnotationView view  [[MKPinAnnotationView alloc] initWithAnnotationannotation reuseIdentifierpin] view.pinColor  MKPinAnnotationColorPurple view.enabled  YES view.animatesDrop  YES view.canShowCallout  YES  UIImageView imageView  [[UIImageView alloc] initWithImage[UIImage imageNamedGPSicon.png]] view.leftCalloutAccessoryView  imageView view.rightCalloutAccessoryView  [UIButton buttonWithTypeUIButtonTypeDetailDisclosure]  return view     voidmapViewMKMapView mapView annotationViewMKAnnotationView view calloutAccessoryControlTappedUIControl control  first make sure the annotation is our custom class... if [view.annotation isKindOfClass[Annotation class]]      cast the object to our custom class...     Annotation ann1  Annotation view.annotation      show one alert view with title set to annotations title     and message set to annotations subtitle...     UIAlertView alert  [[UIAlertView alloc]                               initWithTitleann1.title                               messageann1.subtitle                               delegateself                               cancelButtonTitleOK                               otherButtonTitlesnil]      [alert show]      first make sure the annotation is our custom class... if [view.annotation isKindOfClass[Annotation class]]      cast the object to our custom class...     Annotation ann2  Annotation view.annotation      show one alert view with title set to annotations title     and message set to annotations subtitle...     UIAlertView alert2  [[UIAlertView alloc]                               initWithTitleann2.title                               messageann2.subtitle                               delegateself                               cancelButtonTitleOK                               otherButtonTitlesnil]      [alert show]     voidbuttonidsender   NSLogButton action     voiddealloc      voiddidReceiveMemoryWarning   Releases the view if it doesnt have a superview. [super didReceiveMemoryWarning]   Release any cached data, images, etc that arent in use.   pragma mark  View lifecycle    Implement viewDidLoad to do additional setup after loading the view, typically from a nib.  voidviewDidLoad  [super viewDidLoad]     voidviewDidUnload  [super viewDidUnload]  Release any retained subviews of the main view.  e.g. self.myOutlet  nil    BOOLshouldAutorotateToInterfaceOrientationUIInterfaceOrientationinterfaceOrientation   Return YES for supported orientations return interfaceOrientation  UIInterfaceOrientationPortrait   end codepre  pMy Annotation.m file codep  precodeimport Annotation.h   implementation Annotation synthesize coordinate, title, subtitle  voiddealloc      end codepre  pMy Annotation.h file codep  precodeimport ltFoundationFoundation.hgt import ltMapKitMKAnnotation.hgt   interface Annotation  NSObject ltMKAnnotationgt   CLLocationCoordinate2D coordinate NSString title NSString subtitle    propertynonatomic, assign CLLocationCoordinate2D coordinate propertynonatomic, copy NSString title propertynonatomic, copy NSString subtitle  end codepre  pDo i have to make alot of hm files for each Annotation to make the callout different im just stomp at this point. any guesses would be great, thanksp
Negative 110 pI am using redhat linux. I was trying to write a script to enter passwords automatically thru invoking the script. p  pWhen ever i wanted to enter the build env, it asks for password twice and we have to enter that. So with the .sh file i wud be needing to enter the passwrd twice.p  pSo is it really required to have the expect package installed in the system or can we do without this.p  pthe script is something likep  precodeinvokegd cmd to enter build env expect password send abcde123 codepre  pI am not sure how to send it twice.. and also it says expect not foundp
Negative 110 pIn Android, lets say we have 2 classes which have common methods for starting a service, so we extract them to a helper classp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com17lw0.png altclasses of the diagramp  pThe following diagram shows my strange attempt to represent it. I have used transaction narrows. I think those are for the activity diagrams, but in the a hrefhttpwww.umldiagrams.orgclassreference.html relnofollowumldiagrams.orgclassreference.htmla, those narrows are called emAssociation Navigabilityem. Thats why I have used them to try to represent the diagram. Between HelperClass and ClassService I have used a normal association. Between the classes and the service I have used a restriction it is just informative, to make it more clearp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comYqhUM.png altmy representation attemptp  pAm I mixing the class diagram with the activity diagramp  pstrongUPDATE 1strong attempt to represent it with a component diagramp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZksIx.png altcomponent diagramp  pNote my favourite explanation of how to use a component diagram is this a hrefhttpswww.ibm.comdeveloperworksrationallibrarydec04bell relnofollowhttpswww.ibm.comdeveloperworksrationallibrarydec04bellap  pstrongUPDATE 2strong attempt to draw the class diagram with the suggested changesp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comL3wMT.png altclass diagram updatep  pstrongUPDATE 3strong full class diagram. Transaction arrows have been changed by associations. User and System interactions have been removed e.g. startsWhenClick by starts startsWhenDetection by startsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQcLPH.png altfull class diagramp
Negative 110 pIm trying to test some of the actions on my controller in Laravel 4 with PHPUnit.p  precodepublic function testAboutPage      thisgtclientgtrequestGET, about      thisgtassertResponseOk  codepre  pAlso, I bind a variable to my views in the codeAppbeforecode filter.p  precodeAppbeforefunctionrequest      ViewshareusersCount, Userremember60gtcount  codepre  pHere is my controllerp  precodeclass PagesController extends BaseController      public function about              return Viewmakepages.aboutgtwithTitleAbout       codepre  pHowever, my tests fail before the variable is not defined in testing. Here is the failing output from PHPUnit.p  precode12 PagesControllerTesttestAboutPage ErrorException Undefined variable usersCount View appviewslayoutsapplication.blade.php View appviewslayoutsapplication.blade.php  appstorageviewsed261635437f52c903a09b2774ce5a9220 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateViewEnginesPhpEngine.php41 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateViewEnginesCompilerEngine.php56 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateViewView.php134 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateViewView.php102 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateViewView.php76 appstorageviews5993084368b648c9a244ec663731575518 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateViewEnginesPhpEngine.php37 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateViewEnginesCompilerEngine.php56 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateViewView.php134 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateViewView.php102 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateViewView.php76 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateHttpResponse.php70 vendorsymfonyhttpfoundationSymfonyComponentHttpFoundationResponse.php202 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateRoutingRouter.php1413 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateRoutingRouter.php1003 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateRoutingRouter.php968 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateFoundationApplication.php738 vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateFoundationApplication.php708 vendorsymfonyhttpkernelSymfonyComponentHttpKernelClient.php81 vendorsymfonybrowserkitSymfonyComponentBrowserKitClient.php319 apptestscontrollersPagesControllerTest.php109 codepre  pWhat can I do to resolve this issue The variable is fine when viewing in a browser or in production.p
Negative 110 pThe general answer is given here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5519007howdoimakegitmergesdefaultbenoffnocommitHow do I make git merge39s default be noff nocommitap  pBut how to enforce this emonly for remote branchesem  Is there a way to do thisp
Negative 110 pIf one of the sockets blocks Send it can affect other clients. I am worried about that does Send waits for the delivered answer If it is than a remote client can block my server events processing loop by ignoring incoming packets  then I should use BeginSend. But Ive measured that BeginSend eats more CPU. So I want to know weather its acceptable to use blocking Send in the server events loopp  pAs the MSDN statesp  blockquote   pThe successful completion of a send does not indicate that the data was successfully delivered.p blockquote  pI know that socket can also block when its send buffer becomes filled.p
Negative 110 pMy question Is there is any way to implement a method that works like the codeprintStackTracecode I dont know how to start doing this indeed , Is that possible  Is codegetStackTracecode is a good choice for me.p
Negative 110 pI have created an ASP.NET MVC 5.0 application. My controller includes an action which queries a Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2013 application. p  pThe action has been designed to retrieve a single row of the contact entity. However when the results arrive and the strongly typed view is rendered in the browser, I dont see the value of the fieldonly the property name. p  pUsing the debugger, I have confirmed that the controller action successfully retrieves a row of data from Microsoft CRM and populates the contact class and sends it to my View. p  pemFor example, the immediate window displays an actual value when I enter codecontact.firstnamecode this yields the value Johnemp  pThe above example was tested at the moment when my controller returned the query results into the contact class See below.p  pcodevar contact  MVCNursePortal.Contactcontext.ContactSet.Wherec gt c.ContactId  cid.FirstOrDefaultcodep  pBut after sending the class codereturn Viewcontactcode, no data actually arrives into my view even though the model is the right type codemodel Contactcode. p  pFor some reason, I dont seem to be passing the actual data, or my view model is incorrect. p  pThere is only one Contact model in my namespace. Not sure where exactly where things wemt wrongin the controller or the viewp  pAfter running the project in Internet explorer, the view simply displays the following hr strongEditContactstrongp  pstrongFirstNamestrong hr You comments are greatly appreciated.p  pCode examples followp  pstrongControllerstrongp  precode    using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Discovery     using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Messages     using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Metadata     using MVCNursePortal.Infrastructure      namespace MVCNursePortal.Controllers              public class HomeController  Controller                      private IOrganizationService oMSCRMService              public ActionResult EditContactstring contactID                              CRMFunctions fns  new CRMFunctions                 oMSCRMService  fns.fnMSCRMConnect                 Guid cid  new GuidcontactID                  var context  new MVCNursePortal.xrmoMSCRMService                  var contact  MVCNursePortal.Contactcontext.ContactSet.Wherec gt c.ContactId  cid.FirstOrDefault                  return Viewcontact                            codepre  pstrongThe Viewstrongp  precode    model Contact              ViewBag.Title  EditContact          Html.LabelForc gt c.FirstName codepre  pstrongConnecting to Microsoft Dynamics CRMstrongp  precode    using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Client     using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Query     using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Discovery     using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Messages     using Microsoft.Xrm.Sdk.Metadata     using System.Configuration     using System.ServiceModel.Description      namespace MVCNursePortal.Infrastructure              public class CRMFunctions                      private OrganizationServiceProxy oMSCRMServiceProxy              private IOrganizationService oMSCRMService             public IOrganizationService fnMSCRMConnect                               try                                      Uri OrgURI  new      UriConfigurationManager.ConnectionStrings[crmUrl].ConnectionString                      Uri HomeURI  null                     ClientCredentials oCredentials  new ClientCredentials                      Update these to be in the web.config                     oCredentials.Windows.ClientCredential.Domain    System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.AppSettings[Domain].ToString                      oCredentials.Windows.ClientCredential.UserName  System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.AppSettings[Username].ToString                     oCredentials.Windows.ClientCredential.Password  System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.AppSettings[Password].ToString                      oMSCRMServiceProxy  new OrganizationServiceProxyOrgURI, HomeURI, oCredentials, null                     oMSCRMServiceProxy.EnableProxyTypes                     oMSCRMService  IOrganizationServiceoMSCRMServiceProxy                      return oMSCRMService                                   catch Exception ex                                      return oMSCRMService                                               codepre  pstrongWeb.Configstrongp  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt     lt       For more information on how to configure your ASP.NET application, please visit       httpgo.microsoft.comfwlinkLinkId301880       gt     ltconfigurationgt       ltconfigSectionsgt         lt For more information on Entity Framework configuration, visit httpgo.microsoft.comfwlinkLinkID237468 gt         ltsection nameentityFramework typeSystem.Data.Entity.Internal.ConfigFile.EntityFrameworkSection, EntityFramework, Version6.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089 requirePermissionfalse gt         ltsection namemicrosoft.xrm.client typeMicrosoft.Xrm.Client.Configuration.CrmSection, Microsoft.Xrm.Clientgtltsectiongt       ltconfigSectionsgt       ltconnectionStringsgt         ltadd nameDefaultConnection connectionStringData SourceLocalDbv11.0AttachDbFilenameDataDirectoryaspnetMVCNursePortal20140212082427.mdfInitial CatalogaspnetMVCNursePortal20140212082427Integrated SecurityTrue           providerNameSystem.Data.SqlClient gt         ltadd namecrmUrl connectionStringhttpmycrmservercustomerOrgNameXRMServices2011Organization.svcgt          ltconnectionStringsgt        ltappSettingsgt         ltadd keywebpagesVersion value3.0.0.0 gt         ltadd keywebpagesEnabled valuefalse gt         ltadd keyClientValidationEnabled valuetrue gt         ltadd keyUnobtrusiveJavaScriptEnabled valuetrue gt          ltadd keyUsername valuejoegt          ltadd keyPassword value1234gt          ltadd keyDomain valuedomainname.comgt       ltappSettingsgt       ltsystem.webgt         ltauthentication modeNone gt         ltcompilation debugtrue targetFramework4.5 gt         lthttpRuntime targetFramework4.5 gt       ltsystem.webgt       ltsystem.webServergt         ltmodulesgt           ltremove nameFormsAuthenticationModule gt         ltmodulesgt       ltsystem.webServergt       ltruntimegt         ltassemblyBinding xmlnsurnschemasmicrosoftcomasm.v1gt           ltdependentAssemblygt             ltassemblyIdentity nameSystem.Web.Helpers publicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 gt             ltbindingRedirect oldVersion1.0.0.03.0.0.0 newVersion3.0.0.0 gt           ltdependentAssemblygt           ltdependentAssemblygt             ltassemblyIdentity nameSystem.Web.Mvc publicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 gt             ltbindingRedirect oldVersion1.0.0.05.0.0.0 newVersion5.0.0.0 gt           ltdependentAssemblygt           ltdependentAssemblygt             ltassemblyIdentity nameSystem.Web.WebPages publicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 gt             ltbindingRedirect oldVersion1.0.0.03.0.0.0 newVersion3.0.0.0 gt           ltdependentAssemblygt           ltdependentAssemblygt             ltassemblyIdentity nameWebGrease publicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 gt             ltbindingRedirect oldVersion1.0.0.01.5.2.14234 newVersion1.5.2.14234 gt           ltdependentAssemblygt         ltassemblyBindinggt       ltruntimegt       ltentityFrameworkgt         ltdefaultConnectionFactory typeSystem.Data.Entity.Infrastructure.LocalDbConnectionFactory, EntityFrameworkgt           ltparametersgt             ltparameter valuev11.0 gt           ltparametersgt         ltdefaultConnectionFactorygt         ltprovidersgt           ltprovider invariantNameSystem.Data.SqlClient typeSystem.Data.Entity.SqlServer.SqlProviderServices, EntityFramework.SqlServer gt         ltprovidersgt       ltentityFrameworkgt     ltconfigurationgt codepre
Negative 110 pIm simply trying to run a query using wpdb query and prepare statements.p  pOn my page it returnsp  blockquote   p[You have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near myQuery at line 1]p blockquote  pPHP Codep  precodeltphp     dirName1  Cwampwwwc2cwpcontentthemesflawlessv101     dirName2  Cwampwwwc2c     requireoncedirName1.configsetup.php     requireoncedirName2.wpconfig.php     requireoncedirName2.wpload.php      wpdbgtshowerrors     tableName  wpdbgtprefix . userorders     user  wpgetcurrentuser     userId  usergtID     userName  usergtuserlogin      echo tableName .    . userId .  . userName       echo vardumptableName       echo vardumpuserId       echo vardumpuserName       These echo the correct formats for the prepare statement below     myQuery  wpdbgtquery         wpdbgtprepare             SELECT               FROM tableName              WHERE userid  d              AND username  s,              tableName,             userId,          userName          results  wpdbgtgetresultsmyQuery, ARRAYA gt codepre
Negative 110 pSo I have problem in Android. Cant make my layouts fullscreen. I tried changing their themes but nothing happens when I run the app, but in layout preview, its fullscreen. What to dop
Negative 110 pCreate secure data locker for security purposes .p  pI dont want files in that folder to be opened by other viewers available. p  pI want my native pdf viewer to be used every time i access that specific folder. p  pstrongDatalockerstrong app will use opensource android pdf viewer. Data locker app can use internal storage only. p
Negative 110 pI am trying to create HTTP post request using PHP  cURL that is equivalent to the example mentioned a hrefhttpcode.msdn.microsoft.comwpappsToastNotificationSamplefb20ae13sourcecodefileId62823amppathId792575524 relnofollowherea of file SendToast.aspx.csp  pMy PHP file looks like this below,p  precodeltphp   uri       POST[uri] title     POST[title]  subtitle  POST[subtitle]   file  file.txt phpinfo theData  ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gtr theData . ltwpNotification xmlnswpWPNotificationgt theData .  ltwpToastgt theData .  ltwpText1gt .title theData .  ltwpText1gt theData .  ltwpText2gt .subtitle theData .  ltwpText2gt theData . ltwpParamgtPage2.xamlNavigatedFromToast NotificationltwpParamgt theData . ltwpToastgt theData . ltwpNotificationgt     headerarray  arrayXWindowsPhoneTarget gt toast,XNotificationClass gt 2,Contenttype gt textxml,Contentlength gt strlentheData ch  curlinit  curlsetoptch, CURLOPTHTTPHEADER,headerarray curlsetoptch, CURLOPTURL,uri curlsetoptch, CURLOPTTIMEOUT, 60 curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPOST, 1 curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPOSTFIELDS,theData curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, true printrch serveroutput  curlexec ch echo serveroutout curlclose ch  if curlerrnoch            print Error  . curlerrorch   else      Show me the result      print serveroutput      curlclosech    fileputcontentsfile, theData codepre  pp  pcan anyone tell me what i m doing wrong here, i also tried to use HTTPRequest Class to create this example, but i had hard time configuring phphttp.dll extension, it seems the file has either dependencies or its corrupt. nevertheless help on this one would be great.p
Negative 110 pI have an codeImageViewcode in my android app. Im using an codeImageViewcode as a button. When I press the button, the image should change. In my code, it says that coderes cannot be resolvedcode. My code is belowp  precodeloginbtn.setOnClickListenerbtnOnClickListener     here change images according to touch      loginbtn.setOnTouchListenernew OnTouchListener           Override         public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent arg1                TODO Autogenerated method stub                           switch arg1.getAction              case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN                  v.setImageBitmapres.getDrawableR.drawable.comparenowclick                  res                  break                          case MotionEvent.ACTIONCANCEL                v.setImageBitmapres.getDrawableR.drawable.                 break                                       return true               return false               codepre  pOn this linep  precodev.setImageBitmapres.getDrawableR.drawable.comparenowclick codepre  pIm getting the error coderes cannot be resolvedcode. Why might this be happeningp
Negative 110 pPlease Help Me.p  pI have codeformmyformcode like thisp  precodeltform namemyform methodpost actionupdate.phpgt                     ltdiv idaddnewbutton stylepadding9pxgt                    ltinput typesubmit namepilih valueUpdate gtltdivgt                   ltdiv classtblspgt             lttable cellspacing0 cellpadding0 idtabledetailgtltthead gt           lttrgt           ltthgtNoltthgt           ltthgtCustnameltthgt           lttrgtlttheadgtlttbodygt           counter  1 query mssqlquerySELECT top 10  from Customer   f1 while rmssqlfetcharrayquery      if isfloatcounter2 class  classalt  else  class         echolttr classgt lttdgtltinput typehidden namedata.f. value.r[No]. gtr[tNo]lttdgt lttdgtr[CustName]lttdgt lttrgt        f           counter              echolttbodygtlttablegtltinput typehidden namem value.f. gtltdivgtltdiv classcentergt           lttable cellspacing0 cellpadding0 idtabledetailgtltthead gt           lttrgt           ltthgtCheckltthgt           ltthgtToolsltthgt           lttrgtlttheadgtlttbodygt           counter  1 query mssqlquerySELECT   from tools  g1 while rmssqlfetcharrayquery      if isfloatcounter2 class  classalt  else  class         echolttr classgt lttdgtltinput typecheckbox nameid.g. value.r[tools]. gtlttdgt lttdgtr[tools]lttdgt lttrgt        g           counter               ltdivgt echolttbodygtlttablegtltformgtltinput typehidden namen value.g. gt ltdivgt  codepre  presults img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com8taJN.jpg altenter image description herep  pafter form action update.php with code like thisp  precode    toolstotal  0 customertotal  0 foreach POST as key gt value     if strposkey, data  0      customertotal            getting total number of checked customers      if strposkey, id  0      toolstotal               getting total number of tools      k1 fori1 iltcustomertotal i       kgttoolstotalk1 reset tools counter      This if statement is not necessary, since Im guessing     your POST[m] and POST[n] are giving you the total set values.     if issetPOST[id.k] ampamp issetPOST[data.i]          dataPOST[data.i]         iniPOST[id.k]         echo  tools ini  and customerdata ltbrgtn           k  codepre  pHow to code with results like this.p  precodetools ABand Customer1      tools ACand Customer2      tools ABand Customer3 codepre  pNotep  precodePOST[m]  count customer POST[n]  count tools codepre  pTable customer Count10 Table Tools Count20 Description if I Check table Tools then table customer will set to table tools that in check. example I Check Tools AB and AC and results must bep  precodetools AB and customer 1  tools AC and customer 2  tools AB and customer 3  tools AC and customer 4  tools AB and customer 5  tools AC and customer 6 tools AB and customer 7 tools AC and customer 8  tools AB and customer 9  tools AC and customer 10  codepre
Negative 110 pI have an application that runs service in background. I have to determine if application instance is created from Service or not strongfrom my Application class.strongp  pIs that possible Can I get any info from Application instance about how my app runp
Negative 110 pIm triying to get value from  element, from all elemnts under  but I only   can   get the firs one. This is the code I used.p  precodeDim xdoc As XDocument  root XDocument.Load......CountryState.xml  Dim Header As ListOf Bill    From Head In xdoc.ElementsFILE.ElementsBILL    Select New Bill With     .countryName  Head.ElementCountryName.Value,   .Population  Head.ElementPopulation.Value,   .ASGINVOICENO  From el In Head...ltASGINVOICENOgt Select el.First,   .BillDetail  From Detail In       Head.ElementBILLSUMM.ElementBILLSUMMDETAILS.ElementADDRESSGROUP.Elements   TARIFF       Select New BillDetail With         .CIRCUITID  From D In Detail.ElementsUDFS                  Where D.ElementUDF.ElementsCOLUMNNAME.Value   CIRCUITID                                              Select  D.ltUDFgt.ltUDFVALUEgt.ltVALUEgt.Value.FirstOrDefault                                    , .CUSTOMDESC  From D In Detail.ElementsUDFS                                           Where D.ElementUDF.ElementsCOLUMNNAME.Value     CUSTOMDESC                                          Select D.ltUDFgt.ltUDFVALUEgt.ltVALUEgt.Value.FirstOrDefault        .ToList.ToList codepre  pThe result is Header codePanama 200000 100339code the detail on second line Detalle code8000307.SVcodep  pthe values that is missing or not able to get it from the XML is  code10 Mbps Curacao ECPcode it shuld show on the second line  beside code8000307.SVcode  like Detalle code8000307.SV 10 Mbps Curacao ECPcodep  precodeFor Each H In Header     Console.WriteLineHeadergt   H.countryName.Trim      H.Population.Trim     H.ASGINVOICENO.Trim       For Each D In co.BillDetail           Console.WriteLineDetallegt    D.CIRCUITID     D.CUSTOMDESC       Next D  Next H codepre  pThanks in advance...p
Negative 110 pI have my folders set up like thisp  precodeviews      layout      index      subfolder          index codepre  pSo from the index in views i can just extend using extends layout, but in the subfolder using extends ..layout doesnt work. What am i doing wrongp
Negative 110 pI have a navigation which very much ressembles the teehanlax website and would like to hide the scrollbar when menu is clicked, and still be able to scroll.p  pLike here teehanlax.comp  pI tried using overflowhidden on the container with overflowy scroll on the content but it didnt hide the scrollbar.p  pI also went through the same questions posted to stackoverflow but none of them answered my problem, and I think having an example here will help you to help me.p  pThank you for your time.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to install the latest GCC compiler on windows 7 by using Winbuilds Project. Since the company I am working for has proxy. When I run the command wininstall.bat. I got an errorp  precodehttpwinbuilds.org1.3.0packageswindows64packagelist.el 20140221 113944 ERROR 407 Proxy Authentication Required. codepre  pIn the batch file, I found codep  precodeyypkg init yypkg config setpreds hostYYARCHw64mingw32 yypkg config setpreds targetYYARCHw64mingw32 sherpa setmirror httpwinbuilds.org1.3.0packageswindowsYYBITS codepre  pI think the yypkg.exe does the initialization work and configs sherpa and let sherpa.exe to download and install files.p  pMy question is how can config yypkg my username and password I did google search, but I cannot find any info about yypkg nor how to config sherpa.p
Negative 110 pI have MS word file with macro having table in the first page. Table is created using labels.p  pBut When cells in table is not sufficient I want to add another page, with the similar table in it.p  pSo I am trying to code as belowp  blockquote   pActiveDocument.Sections1.Range.Copyp      pActiveDocument.Sections.Add.Range.Pastep blockquote  pBut this code some time changes the format of first page. And also create third blank page with second page having content of first.p  pCan any body let me know how to add only a page having same content of first page, without changes in first page.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI have a pdf file which i need to read and validate for its Correctness and if any wrong data Comes it should mark that Line with Red Color.Till Now i am able to read and Validate the Contents of the Pdf file by taking that into string but i am not getting how to make that line Colored,suppose Mark Red color in case any wrong data line comes.So my question is this that How to search for Particular Line Contents in PDF and Make that Line Marked In Color. Here is my code in c..p  precode                ITextExtractionStrategy strategy  new LocationTextExtractionStrategy                 string currentText  PdfTextExtractor.GetTextFromPagepdfReader, page, strategy                 currentText  Encoding.UTF8.GetStringASCIIEncoding.ConvertEncoding.Default, Encoding.UTF8, Encoding.Default.GetBytescurrentText                  if currentText.Contains1 . 1 To Airtel Mobile ampamp currentText.ContainsTotal                                      int startPosition  currentText.IndexOf1 . 1 To Airtel Mobile                     int endPosition  currentText.IndexOfTotal                      string result  currentText.SubstringstartPosition, endPosition  startPosition                      result will contain everything from and up to the Total line                      using StringReader reader  new StringReaderresult                                               Loop over the lines in the string.                                 string[] split  line.Splitnew Char[]                                            codepre  pIf the line Contents gets Validated Correct its Ok else Mark that Line with Red Color in PDF file p
Negative 110 pHow could I call an action after the UIActivityViewController is dismissed For example, if I wanted to change a piece of text after the user dismisses the UIActivityViewController.p  pThanks Everyonep
Negative 110 pIve got a flask app that queries a sqlite database and returns a list to html via jsonify. It works fine on localhost, but Ive uploaded to dreamhost and am getting 404s for the jsonified lists. I cant tell whether it is an issue with flask communicating with my sqlite database, flask, or with json. p  pHere is the flask appp  precodeusrbinpython  import sqlite3 as sqlite import json from flask import Flask, g, jsonify, makeresponse, rendertemplate  DEBUG  True DATABASE  .whdtcombined.db  setup flask application app  Flaskname app.config.fromobjectname    DATABASE STUFF    connect to the database def connectdb     rv  sqlite.connectapp.config[DATABASE]     rv.rowfactory  dictfactory     return rv  function for making rows nice def dictfactorycursor, row     d       for idx, col in enumeratecursor.description         d[col[0]]  row[idx]     return d  open new db connection if ones hasnt been opened def getdb     if not hasattrg, sqlitedb         g.sqlitedb  connectdb     return g.sqlitedb  when application stops, close db connection app.teardownappcontext def closedberror     if hasattrg, sqlitedb         g.sqlitedb.close  easy function to nicely query the db def querydbquery, args, one    False     cur   getdb.executequery, args     rv  cur.fetchall     cur.close     return rv[0] if rv else None if one else rv    APPLICATION    app.route def index     return rendertemplateindex.html  app.routeltdata1gtltdata2gtltregiongtltyeargt1 def datafunction1data1, data2, region, year data  [] for row in querydbSELECT ccode, country, year, region,   data1   FROM whdt WHERE year    year   AND region    region   AND   data1     AND   data1   gt 0 AND   data1   lt 100 ORDER BY   data1   DESC     countrywhole           country row[country],               ccoderow[ccode],         yearrow[year],         regionrow[region],         data1row[data1]          data.appendcountrywhole return jsonify  data data        if name  main     app.run codepre  pAnd here is my folder setupp  precodehomeusermydomain.commyappwhdtcombined.db homeusermydomain.commyappmyapp.py homeusermydomain.commyappinit.py homeusermydomain.commyapptemplatesindex.html homeusermydomain.commyappstatica couple of css and js files codepre  pFlask is not having trouble rendering index.html. Part of the issue is I dont know how to debug through dreamhost. Im fairly new to this stuff so Im sorry if I am missing something obvious or otherwise clearly dont know what Im talking about. Please let me know if I should be providing other important information here. And thanks in advance for your helpp
Negative 110 pHow can I pass a pointer to function to another function I have a function like thisp  precodestdstring PRINTSTATENAMEpPrintState func codepre  pwhere pPrintState is a typedef like thisp  precodetypedef void pPrintStatestdstring buffer codepre  pSo I JITed pPrintState and have its llvmFunctionType available.p  pNext I want to call PRINTSTATENAME as defined above from llvm C API. Unfortunately I cant figure out what parameter to pass to the call instruction. Atm I made an llvmGlobalVariable with inner type of converted pPrintState. But what should I pass as initializer Or am I completely on the wrong track here Any help is appreciated Thanksp
Negative 110 pOK, so the problem Im having occurs when the strongstartGamestrong button is pressed. The app crashes when the button is pressed. The activity is instantiated in the manifest so Im not sure where the error is. The code for the intent is a copy of the other one which works so I have no clue where I went wrong. p  pError Logp  blockquote   p0225 144651.064 EAndroidRuntime1261 FATAL EXCEPTION main   0225 144651.064 EAndroidRuntime1261 Process com.example.hegemony, PID 1261   0225 144651.064 EAndroidRuntime1261 java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to instantiate activity ComponentInfocom.example.hegemonycom.example.hegemony.PlayerTurn java.lang.NullPointerExceptionp blockquote  pManifestp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid packagecom.example.hegemony androidversionCode1 androidversionName1.0 gt  ltusessdk     androidminSdkVersion11     androidtargetSdkVersion19 gt  ltapplication     androidallowBackuptrue     androidicondrawableiclauncher     androidlabelstringappname     androidthemestyleAppTheme gt        ltactivity         androidnamecom.example.hegemony.SplashScreen         androidlabelstringappname gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt      ltactivity          androidnamecom.example.hegemony.StartScreen gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnamecom.example.hegemony.STARTSCREEN gt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt       ltactivity          androidnamecom.example.hegemony.SetupHomeScreen gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnamecom.example.hegemony.SETUPHOMESCREEN gt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt      ltactivity         androidnamecom.example.hegemony.SetupPlayer         androidlabelstringappname gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnamecom.example.hegemony.SETUPPLAYER gt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt      ltactivity         androidnamecom.example.hegemony.PlayerTurn         androidlabelstringappname gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnamecom.example.hegemony.PLAYERTURN gt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt  ltapplicationgt codepre  pp  pJava Code of sending activityp  precodepublic class SetupHomeScreen extends Activity  private ArrayListltPlayergt p  GameMaster.players  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitysetuphomescreen     getActionBar.hide     updatePlayers     Button gotoInput  Button findViewByIdR.id.btnSetupPlayer     gotoInput.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener          public void onClickView v              Intent toInput  new Intentcom.example.hegemony.SETUPPLAYER             startActivitytoInput                    Button startGame  Button findViewByIdR.id.btnStartGame     startGame.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener          public void onClickView v              Intent toStart  new Intentcom.example.hegemony.PLAYERTURN             startActivitytoStart                    public void updatePlayers         TextView playerList  TextView findViewByIdR.id.playerList         String msg           forint i0i lt p.sizei             msg  msg  n  p.geti.getName         playerList.setTextmsg         ifp.size gt2             Button enable  Button findViewByIdR.id.btnStartGame             enable.setEnabledtrue                codepre  pJava code of receiving activityp  precodepublic class PlayerTurn extends Activity   final ActionBar actionBar  getActionBar  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activityplayerturn     actionBar.setNavigationModeActionBar.NAVIGATIONMODETABS     ActionBar.TabListener tabListener  new ActionBar.TabListener           Override         public void onTabReselectedTab tab, FragmentTransaction ft                     Override         public void onTabSelectedTab tab, FragmentTransaction ft                     Override         public void onTabUnselectedTab tab, FragmentTransaction ft                      codepre
Negative 110 pIve seen other solutions for this but none of them seem to apply.p  pIm trying to read from a process executing logcat d and Im receiving the error in the title.p  pMy AndroidManifest.xml includesp  precodeltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.READLOGS gt codepre  pUsing adb shell, I can execute the command just fine.p  pThis is a code snippetp  precode            ProcessBuilder procBuilder  new ProcessBuilder             procBuilder.redirectErrorStreamtrue             procBuilder.commandlogcat, d             procBuilder.directorynew File             Process process  procBuilder.start             Process process  Runtime.getRuntime.execlogcat d              process.waitFor              BufferedReader bufferedReader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderprocess.getInputStream             StringBuilder log  new StringBuilder             String line               while line  bufferedReader.readLine  null                  log.appendline  n              codepre  pWhen executed, I see the first line as the error in the title and that is all.p  pIve read online that logcat cannot be executed without su and yet there are plenty of articles of code just like this...working just fine.p  pAny other ideas of what I might be doing wrong or could tryp
Negative 110 pHi i am very new to MVC and Entity Framework,and recently came up with the task, where i need to get the user details and bind it to textbox, i have n many number of users. i want to load all of them and load it to my razor view page, it should look like grid, but i dont want to load it in grid.  The values should look like,user details should be arranged in a row of table and so on. Thanks in Advancep
Negative 110 pI am using python 2.7.6 for scriptingp  pproblem statement In my script, I have extracted my applicationId in variable say appid at runtime now I have to pass this as variable in SSHClient command to be executed in remote server, in cmd belowp  precodesshidb  SSHClientcfgclusterip sshidb.loginwithpasswordusernameidbsshuser,passwordidbsshpassword cmd ps ef  grep Adminappid out, err, code  sshidb.executesudocommand[s  cmd] print out codepre  pIt returns blank output [expected value is not being passed in cmd and shell doesnt returns any data] Is there a way to pass local variable value in cmd dynamically p
Negative 110 pi want to sort both 1 Dimensional and 2 Dimensional array without using temp variable in java. How to do it can anyone suggestp
Negative 110 pI have a VBA function called getYear that is initialized as follows p  pcodePublic Function getYearByVal year As Date, Optional ByVal month As Date As Longcodep  pThen, inside the function I have p  pcodemsg  MsgBoxIsEmptymonth, vbOKOnlycode So I know whether or not the month has been input in the function.p  pThe only thing is whether I have a function call such as  codegetYearcurrentYearcode or codegetYearcurrentYear, currentMonthcode codeisEmptycode is always returning codeFalsecode p  pIf I am understanding this correctly when I call codegetYearcurrentYearcode codeisEmptycode should return codeTruecode, but it is not...p  pI gather that is from my function initialization, but I dont know what else to do.p  pAny help is appreciatedp
Negative 110 pIm in trouble beacuse i dont know how to add emPaypalem Dependencies into my strongScala Playframework Applicationstrong Sbt.p  pCan anyone tell me how can i add this dependency p
Negative 110 pI have an ExtJS4 transform combobox inside an HTML formp  precodeltscriptgt     Ext.onReadyfunction          Ext.tip.QuickTipManager.init          var transformed  Ext.createExt.form.field.ComboBox,              typeAhead true,             transform countrySelect,             forceSelection true                 ltscriptgt   ltformgt  ltselect  idcountrySelectgt       ltoption valueARgtArgentinaltoptiongt      ltselectgt codepre  p  pWhen I submit the form, it sends Argentina instead of AR . What should I do to make extjs send value attribute as selected valuep
Negative 110 pOk, so Im totaly confused after watching and reading several tutorials on saving and loading standard variables tofrom internal storage. Basically, I couldnt find any useful references, which will tell me more about that. Because I have no experience with IOStream from Java, Im looking for some tutorials that will explain everything what I need, so I will know what Im doing, not just CopyPaste code that works and noone cares why. Thanks for every advice.p  pSo to summarizes what I want  I have array of String and 2D array of boolean String foo[500] boolean bool[10][20], and what I want to do is to save and load it tofrom internal storage. Also, before this IO stream starts, I need to check out if files exists  if not, create them then.p
Negative 110 pI am attempting to create a grid based game. so far i have a hexagonal tile based grid, with a coordinate scheme as shown belowp  precodecol 0   col 1      col 2                            0002040608 0103050709 row 0 1012141618 1113151719 row 1 2022242628 2123252729 row 2 3032343638             row 3 codepre  pAnd looks like this in real life just with random colours for each hexagon [httpwww.cartographersguild.comattachmentsautomationscriptsactions12814d1240932276gimpscripthexgridhex.jpg]p  pWhat i am struggling to figure out is, when the user clicks on a hexagon how do i determine what hexagon they have clicked onp  pthe code i have tried so far is as followsp  precodeprivate SystemVoid MyFormMouseDownSystemObject  sender,     SystemWindowsFormsMouseEventArgs  e       int CloseI0,CloseJ0     CloseJ  FindNearesetXegtX     CloseI  FindNearesetYegtY     Grid[downy][alongx]     P1.X  Grid[CloseI][CloseJ].GetX     P1.Y  Grid[CloseI][CloseJ].GetY   END MOUSE DOWN EVENT  int FindNearesetXint ActualX     int ClosestJPos     ClosestJPos  ActualXGrid[0][0].GetX1.5HexSideLength     return ClosestJPos END FIND NEAREST X  int FindNearesetYint ActualY     int ClosestIPos     ClosestIPos  ActualYGrid[0][0].getYHexHeight     return ClosestIPos END FIND NEAREST Y  private SystemVoid MyFormMouseMoveSystemObject  sender,     SystemWindowsFormsMouseEventArgs  e      thisgtInvalidate      P2.X  egtX     P2.Y  egtY    END MOUSE MOVE EVENT        codepre  pThis however did not work how i wanted, this is because when the user clicks to the left of the centre point of a hexagon it snaps to the hexagon to the left of the one they clicked, and also if they click above the centre point on all odd columns it snaps to the hexagon above the one they clicked on. p  pI have been stuck on this one for 2 days now and really want to get it figured out.  Thanksp
Negative 110 pI have a MYSQL table called orgs that has columns for name, city, zip, and state.  I want an AJAX dropdown that populates another field on my page with the name of the cities when I select the name of the city from the dropdown.  I currently have the dropdown for the city updating based on what state I have but when I try the call for the organizations name based on the city my code fails.  Heres what I currently have.p  pAJAX to get the names of the citiesp  precodefunction liststr  if str      document.getElementByIdlist.innerHTML   return     if window.XMLHttpRequest    code for IE7, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari   var xmlhttpnew XMLHttpRequest    else    code for IE6, IE5   var xmlhttpnew ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP    xmlhttp.onreadystatechangefunction      if xmlhttp.readyState4 ampamp xmlhttp.status200          document.getElementByIdlist.innerHTMLxmlhttp.responseText         xmlhttp.openGET,..phplistorg.phpqstr,true xmlhttp.send  codepre  pAJAX to get the names of the organizations based on the citiesp  precodefunction getcitiesstr  if str      document.getElementByIdgetcities.innerHTML   return     if window.XMLHttpRequest    code for IE7, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari   var xmlhttpnew XMLHttpRequest    else    code for IE6, IE5   var xmlhttpnew ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP    xmlhttp.onreadystatechangefunction      if xmlhttp.readyState4 ampamp xmlhttp.status200          document.getElementByIdgetcities.innerHTMLxmlhttp.responseText         xmlhttp.openGET,..phpgetcities.phpqstr,true xmlhttp.send  codepre  plistorg.phpp  precodeltphp includeonce ..phpdbconnect.php gt ltphp q  strvalGET[q]   sql2SELECT DISTINCT city FROM orgs WHERE state .q.  result2mysqliqueryconnection,sql2  ifresult2       dieDatabase query failed.  . mysqlierrorconnection           echo ltformgt     echo ltselect namegetcities onchangegetcitiesthis.valuegt     echo ltoption valuegtSelect a cityltoptiongt whilerow2 mysqlifetcharrayresult2     echo ltoption value . row2[city]. gt. row2[city].ltoptiongt      echo ltformgt mysqlicloseconnection gt codepre  pgetcities.phpp  precodeltphp includeonce ..phpdbconnect.php gt ltphp q  strvalGET[q] qCA    sql2SELECT  FROM orgs WHERE state  .q.  resultmysqliqueryconnection,sql2  ifresult       dieDatabase query failed.  . mysqlierrorconnection      echo q linkaddress   echo ltdiv idgetcitiesgt whilerow  mysqlifetcharrayresult      echo ltulgt   echo ltligtlta href.linkaddress. name . row[id] .gt . row[name] . ltagtltligt   echo ltulgt     echo ltdivgt     mysqlicloseconnection gt codepre  pI thought the problem was probably that I was passing cities with whitespace in them like los angeles but Ive tried it with single name cities like Buffalo and nothing happens when I change my selection either.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 110 pI want to use mysql in an C code but have problem with returning result from a function. I have defined a function like this conn is connection properly set globalyp  precodeint mysqlqueryconst char query, MYSQLRES result         int numrows0         if pthreadmutexlockampmysqlmutex0                 if mysqlqueryconn,query                         resultmysqlstoreresultconn                         if resultNULL numrowsmysqlnumrowsresult                                  if pthreadmutexunlockampmysqlmutex0                         errorError unlocking mysql mutex                          else                 errorError locking mysql mutex                  return numrows  codepre  pand when I call mentione function likep  precodeMYSQLRES tasks      if mysqlqueryquery,tasksgt0          MYSQLROW row          while rowmysqlfetchrowtasksNULL                printfsn,row[0]                mysqlfreeresulttasks codepre  pI get segmentation fault on rowmysqlfetchrowtasks. Why Thanks.p
Negative 110 pIm making a firefox addon SDKJetpack, and am using the SimplePrefs module. I want to have an array in one of my preferences, so in my package.json I have written it asp  precode   [...]   preferences[   [...]        nameaudiopriority,     titleAudio Priority,     typestring,     value[audionotifications,audioerror,audiomessages,audioyoutube,audiotwitch],     hiddentrue   ,   [...]  codepre  pBut when I run it, it builds and the browser opens, but in the console it comes up withp  precodeconsole.error lttnotifier    Message SyntaxError missing  after argument list   Stack     evaluateresourcegremodulesXPIProvider.jsm gt jarfiletmptmpn5QUOo.mozrunnerextensionsjid123jjnBCWPFQ3agjetpack.xpibootstrap.js gt resourcegremodulescommonjstoolkitloader.js223 setDefaultPrefsresourcegremodulesXPIProvider.jsm gt jarfiletmptmpn5QUOo.mozrunnerextensionsjid123jjnBCWPFQ3agjetpack.xpibootstrap.js gt resourcegremodulescommonjstoolkitloader.js gt resourcegremodulescommonjssdkaddonrunner.js66 codepre  pAnd a whole load more stuff afterwards stack, and the addon is not running. If I change the array to anything that does not have the  or any escaped characters  I tried using u0022 instead in, it works fine, which makes me think it could be a Mozilla Bug, but it is probably my fault.p
Negative 110 pIn IPython one can get previous outputs and inputs via codeOut[n]code and codeIn[n]code variables. Is it possible to use the contents of a Markdown notebook cell and use it in python.p  pI would like to write some text in a Markdown cell p  precodeThis is Markdown I would like to manipulate with. codepre  pThen I would like to use this text in the next python cellp  precodemdcell   print mdcell.replaceMarkdown, Markup ...  do stuff, write it to a file, be happy codepre  pto do something with it. p
Negative 110 pI have been reading about MVVM on WPF. As long as I understand right, in MVVM I should divide the Model data to display from the way to show it the View using ModelView to link both, rightp  pSo what I want to do is use a codeDataSetcode as Model, with n number of fields coming from a database. The field names, type and order are variable is a Select from a SQL Server View.p  pThe view will be a WPF form with a Datagrid. p  pSo I should build my modelview in a way that iterates on each field from the DataSet and depending on Field Type format the data to show it later on the grid. p  pIt is possible to do this whith MVVM Templante on WPFp  pThanks in advancep  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI will try to clarify my scenario and what i try to do, based on LordTakkera comments. Im bulding a ClientServer Layered application using .NET technologies. Client and server will be in different machines, comunicating with WCF. A few different clients will use this software, so suppose this scenario Client 1, 2 and 3 need a sales report showed on a grid.p  pClient 1 need Sales Date, Client Name and sale import.p  pClient 2 need Sales Date, Vendor name and sales import.p  pClient 3 wants to add to his Client table a numeric field that represent espected sales per client and whants to show it in sales report.p  pIf i use Strong data Types, i need one binary for each client, im i rigth What i want is to use the same binaries for client 1, 2 and 3 changing the output from sales report based on database data.p  pWhy many reasonsp  p1 Eliminate Bugs If i find a bug in some class i can correct it, recompile and give the corrected binary to all my clients.p  p2 Scalability If i add some function to the system wich was asked by client 1, i can give that function to all my clients.p  p3 Flexibility i can change the behavior of the software for each client with the same binary.p  pI understand the advantage of strong type, in fact i will use then in some cases. But in others flexibility is escencial to me. So, wich are my options p  pThanksp  pstrongUPDATE 2strongp  pWith the help of LordTakkera and many people in this page i manage to start the development of my application. Rigth now I have my model, my wcf service my client and my first ViewVodel and View. Now im trying to add more complexity to the app adding multiple XAML views for my project. If I keept following MVVM pattern the navigation between this pages and the main page where all others views are inserted should also be manage with a viewModel Something call application viewModel for what i read. My idea is to have a container MainPage with an area where child views will appear. I also wanted to have the child views in separated XAML file because some views are very complex and i will have losts of views The problem is a cant find a single sample code for WPF navigation on MVVM pattern with a master container page. All the sample code that i could findp  p1 Use external toolkit like Prism or MVVM ligth and right now i dont want to mess arround with new thingp  p2 All the controls for each view are created on a single XAML.p  pI need some help with some code to create the basic layout of my app and want to know if what im planning is even posible. Thanksp
Negative 110 pI am trying to minimize my winapp to system tray. I have downloaded a sample project from a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comArticles27599Minimizewindowtosystemtray relnofollowcodeprojecta. But it goes to systary on Form.Resize event. Code p  precode    private void FormResizeobject sender, EventArgs e              notifyIcon1.BalloonTipTitle  Minimize to Tray App         notifyIcon1.BalloonTipText  You have successfully minimized your form.          if FormWindowState.Minimized  this.WindowState                      notifyIcon1.Visible  true             notifyIcon1.ShowBalloonTip500             this.Hide                      else if FormWindowState.Normal  this.WindowState                      notifyIcon1.Visible  false               codepre  pIs it necessary to handle it on resize event Can i do it on button click eventp
Negative 110 pis there any flag to suppress Ambiguous Layout or Misplaced views for storyboards in Xcode 5.p  pI am adding the constraints in code and am just using the views in Interfacebuilder as dummies.p  pI do not want to apply Xcode Resolve auto layout issues since I am happy how the views appear visually in Interfacebuilder p
Negative 110 pFrom our GrailsGroovy app we need to use a service from a legacy Java service class, the constructor of which has a parameter of type org.springframework.core.io.Resource, e.g. p  precodepublic ServiceClassResource someResource codepre  pWe need to inject an instance of the service class into a Groovy class of our app using Spring DSL, with the Resource referring to an XML file within our srcmainresources. I tried to create the Spring config for this purpose, but so far I couldnt find a working solution. The relevant part of the config file looks like thisp  precodebeans       xmlns aophttpwww.springframework.orgschemaaop,     sechttpwww.springframework.orgschemasecurity,     contexthttpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext      serviceClasscom.somepackage.ServiceClass        here we need to refer to the constructor arg XML file some way       codepre  pI have tried multiple syntaxes found in various tutorials, e.g. closure for beanDefinition.constructorArgs, but unfortunately without success so far. Although neither the app compilation grailswar nor the startup grailsrunapp indicates any problems with the bean wiring, when the app is actually loaded into the browser, we receive a NPE stating that our Groovy class into which the service class is injected, is a null object. So it seems that the bean wiring was not successful after all. Any help is appreciatedp
Negative 110 pConsider this code p  precode Test     public void newProject throws Exception          drawer.groupPersonal.newProject            System.out.printlnPredicates.alwaysTrue.applydrawer.groupPersonal           .hasProjectNew project True         Predicate p  drawer.groupPersonal.hasProjectNew project         dashboard.await.untilp  codepre  pThe predicate I get from codedrawer.groupPersonal.hasProjectNew projectcode applies to codePredicates.alwaysTruecode  but causes a codeorg.openqa.selenium.TimeoutException Timed out after 0 secondscodep  pAm I doing something fromp
Negative 110 pBoy, I feel really stupid today. I just wanted to draw a raster rows amp columns of different equally sized blocks on the HTML5 canvas. Something I though Ive done many times before, but for some reason I cannot figure out the logic to get it to workp  pTo get an idea of where the blocks will be placed, I thought Id started out drawing different rectangles in the raster. But the lines go beyond the 512x384 area I wanted to draw in on my 640x480 sized canvas. Its like the rectangles get drawn too big p  pI am sure there is something really simply Im overlooking, but I cannot see it p  precodecontext.fillStyleblack context.fillRect0, 0, 640, 480 for var x  0 xlt512 xx16      forvar y  0 ylt384 yy24              context.beginPath         context.rectx,y,x16,y24         context.strokeStylegreen         context.stroke       codepre
Negative 110 pI just got the Gear SDK. I have run a few sample projects and its working.p  pNow I want to make a connection between the Android Emulator and the Gear Emulator because most of the apps are developed that way, means linked apps we have an .apk and we also have a .wgt. Install the .APK in android emulator and .WGT in the gear emulator.p  pSo how can I establish a connection, anybody have any ideap
Negative 110 pI have configured in spring acegi security with my application. The spring acegi security allows the two different user to logged in at the same browser when i open the login page in two tab at same time and try to authenticate by different user one by one. p  pDoes any one explain that how to solve the problemp
Negative 110 pI have a build definition with a custom process parameter. If set to true, Id like the build to queue up on a specific agent, essentially overriding any agent name thats set in the definition. Id rather not use tags because I dont think theyll be used properly, plus this seems more dynamic in nature. Im thinking this could be done in the build process template somehow. Just not sure how to accomplish it. p
Negative 110 pI am adding lots of components JPanels, JLabels etc. into a JScrollPane programagically at the start of my program based on some stuff from a database.p  pIt seems that this procedure is too fast for the GUI, so the JScrollPane does not always update correctly, i.e the scroll bars are not visible even though the inner JPanel is bigger than the visible area.p  pResizing the Window JFrame fixes the problem, as I assume Java is reprinting the components when they are resized.p  pAs a test, I have added a debugbutton that I can click after the startup of the program has finished. I am trying to force the JScrollPane to refresh itself.p  pI have tried doingp  precodescrollpane.repaint scrollpane.validate scrollpane.revalidate codepre  pNone of them seems to work. However, if I change the border or any other layout related to the JScrollPane, it refreshes correctly.p  precodescrollpane.setBordernew LineBorderColor.RED codepre  pSo I basically have 2 questions.p  ol lipWhat is the command for forcing the scrollpane to refresh Obviously it is doing some kind of repaint thing when I am adding the border. How can I run that onlypli lipIs there a way of pausing the printing of components as they are added and resume it again after I added all the wanted components As it is now, I basically see the components being added on the screen even though it is really fast. It would be better if I can add all the components I want and THEN tell the program to print it to the screenJFrame.pli ol
Negative 110 pI need to install a set of scripts to many google spreadsheets. Is there any API that I can install scripts remotely Or I have to manually install all the scripts manually p
Negative 110 pCant figure out how to make an object created at jerseyserver start accessible in jersey ressources. Basically what i whant to do is injecting a Database context into jersey ressources.p  pJerseyServerp  precodepublic boolean startServerString keyStoreServer, String trustStoreServer      Check if GraphDb is setup     if gdbLogic  null          FIXME  maybe throw an exception here         return false            create a resource config that scans for JAXRS resources and providers      in org.developerrecommender.server package     final org.glassfish.jersey.server.ResourceConfig rc  new org.glassfish.jersey.server.ResourceConfig.packagesorg.developerrecommender.server.registercreateMoxyJsonResolver      WebappContext context  new WebappContextcontext     ServletRegistration registration  context.addServletServletContainer, ServletContainer.class     TODO value setzen     registration.setInitParameterjersey.config.server.provider.packages, org.developerrecommender.server.serviceorg.developerrecommender.server.auth     registration.setInitParameterResourceConfig.PROPERTYCONTAINERREQUESTFILTERS, SecurityFilter.class.getName        SSLContextConfigurator sslContext  new SSLContextConfigurator      sslContext.setKeyStoreFilekeyStoreServer     sslContext.setTrustStoreFiletrustStoreServer      TODO       sslContext.setKeyStorePass123456     sslContext.setTrustStorePass123456      create and start a new instance of grizzly http server      exposing the Jersey application at BASEURI     HttpServer server  null     try         SSLEngineConfigurator sslec  new SSLEngineConfiguratorsslContext.setClientModefalse.setNeedClientAuthtrue         server  GrizzlyHttpServerFactory.createHttpServergetBaseURIURI.createBASEURI, rc, true , sslec         System.out.printlnJersey app started. Try out   BASEURI         context.deployserver         return true      catchException e          System.out.printlne.getMessage           return false codepre  pServicep  precodepublic class Service       Inject     protected GDBLogic gbdLogic   codepre  pSo i want the instance of GDBLogic in startServer be accessible in Jersey Ressources. Any advice on how to achieve this I dont want to use a static field for GDBLogic to achieve this, cause we will have a minimum of two different Database configurations.p
Negative 110 pI have recently started C programming and when I had finished my first program I compiled and ran the program which worked however when ran it always opens a second window with the title binDebugC 2d Games tutorial. Here is a image of what is happening.p  pa hrefhttpi.imgur.come9p9hT0.png relnofollowhttpi.imgur.come9p9hT0.pnga p  pWhat have I done wrong for this to happen I just want my application window to run without the other one in the background. The code that I have written is also provided here. p  precode     winmain.cpp     define DEFINELEANANDMEAN     include ltiostreamgt     include ltwindows.hgt     include StdAfx.h      Function prototypes     int WINAPI WinMain HINSTANCE, HINSTANCE, LPSTR, int     bool CreateMainWindowHINSTANCE, int     LRESULT WINAPI WinProcHWND, UINT, WPARAM, LPARAM      Global variable     HINSTANCE hinst      Constants     const char CLASSNAME[]  WinMain     const char APPTITLE[]  Hello World   title bar text     const int WINDOWWIDTH  400     const int WINDOWHEIGHT  400           Starting point for a windows application      parameters are            hInstance. Handle to the current instance of the application      hPrevInstance. Always NULL, obsolete parameter      lpCmdLine. Pointer to nullterminated string of command line arguements      nCmdShow. Specifies how the window is to be shown          int WINAPI WinMainHINSTANCE hInstance,                                             HINSTANCE hPrevInstance,                                             LPSTR        lpCmdLine,                                             int                   nCmdShow              MSG msg          Create the window         ifCreateMainWindowhInstance, nCmdShow                      return false               Main message loop              int done  0              while done                                                           PeekMessage is non blocking test for Windows messages                          if PeekMessage ampmsg, NULL, 0, 0, PMREMOVE                                                                     Look for quit message                                     if msg.message  WMQUIT                                                done  1                                      Decode and pass messages on to WinProc                                     TranslateMessageampmsg                                     DispatchMessageampmsg                                                                                 return msg.wParam                Window event callback function          LRESULT WINAPI WinProc  HWND hWnd, UINT msg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam                 switch msg                               case WMDESTROY                    Tell windows to kill the program                   PostQuitMessage0                   return 0                         return DefWindowProc hWnd, msg, wParam, lParam                  Create the window      returns false on error          bool CreateMainWindowHINSTANCE hInstance, int nCmdShow                   WNDCLASSEX wcx              HWND hwnd              Fill in the window clasa structure with parameters             that describes the main window    wcx.cbSize  sizeofwcx           size of structure    wcx.style  CSHREDRAW  CSVREDRAW   Redraw if size changes    wcx.lpfnWndProc WinProc                 Points to the window Procedure    wcx.cbClsExtra  0                                No extra class memory    wcx.cbWndExtra  0       No extra window memory    wcx.hInstance  hInstance    Handle to instance    wcx.hIcon  NULL    wcx.hCursor LoadCursorNULL, IDCARROW     Predefined arrow     Background brush    wcx.hbrBackground  HBRUSHGetStockObject BLACKBRUSH    wcx.lpszMenuName NULL  Name of the menu resource    wcx.lpszClassName  CLASSNAME    Name of the window class    wcx.hIconSm  NULL                          Small class icon        Register the window class      RegisterClassEx return 0 on error     if RegisterClassExampwcx  0                 If error            return false      Create Window     hwnd  CreateWindow        CLASSNAME,              Name of the window class        APPTITLE,                    Title bar text        WSOVERLAPPEDWINDOW,           Window style        CWUSEDEFAULT,             Default horizontal position of the window        CWUSEDEFAULT,           Default horizontal positin of the window        WINDOWWIDTH,      Width of window        WINDOWHEIGHT,       Height of the window        HWND NULL,           No parent menu        HMENU NULL,      No menu        hInstance,       Handle to application instance        LPVOID NULL       No window parameters         If there was an error creating the window        if hwnd                     return false          Show the window         ShowWindowhwnd, nCmdShow          Send a WMPAINT message to the window procedure         UpdateWindowhwnd         return true          codepre  pAny help fixing this would be greatly appreciated. As I said before I am new to this and I dont know what I have done wrong. If it helps any this was compiled in code blocks. p  pKind Regardsp
Negative 110 pI am new in angularJS. I write some code for navigation and it was work perfect. But its stop working when I integrate a hrefhttpcodecanyon.netitemmetropreloader3786559 relnofollowMetroPreLoadera in my angularJs service. It change browser URL but view does not update. if i remove MetroPreLoader from my service then its works again.p  pHere is my Code p  pService p  precodevoiceAppControllers.factoryappService, function http, log, window      return           showWaitBar  function              MetroPreLoader.setup                 logoUrl ContentImageslogo.png,                 logoWidth 100px,                 logoHeight 100px,                 multipleBGColors [CA3D3D, F58A16, 32A237, A110E6],                 delay Unlimited                          MetroPreLoader.run         ,          hideWaitbar  function              MetroPreLoader.close                codepre  pController p  precodevoiceAppControllers.controllerloginController, [scope, http, location, timeout, appService, notificationService,     function scope, http, location,timeout, appService, notificationService          var onSuccess  function               notificationService.pushNotifactionservice update successfully.                   var onError  function               notificationService.pushNotifactionservice update fail.                   scope.login  function               var credentials  granttypepasswordampusername  scope.loginModel.Username  amppassword  scope.loginModel.Password             console.logcredentials              appService.showWaitBar             http                 method POST,                 url appService.loginUrl,                 data credentials,                 headers  ContentType applicationxwwwformurlencoded                               .successfunction data                      console.logdata.accesstoken                     appService.updateAuthInfodata.userName, data.accesstoken                     appService.hideWaitbar                     location.pathappService.routes.dahboard                                  .errorfunction                       appService.clearAuthInfo                     appService.hideWaitbar                     location.pathappService.routes.login                     notificationService.pushNotifactionLogin Fail. Wrong username and password.                                 ]  codepre  pwhen i comment codeappService.showWaitBarcode and codeappService.hideWaitbarcode then its works fine.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqai6E.png altenter image description herep  pI defiantly miss something but dont figure out that it is.p  pThnaks. p  pUpdate 1 p  pmy App.js is  p  precodevar voiceAppControllers  angular.modulevoiceAppControllers, []  var voiceApp  angular.modulevoiceApp, [ngRoute, voiceAppControllers, kendo.directives]  voiceApp.config[routeProvider,   function routeProvider        routeProvider.         whenorganization,              templateUrl TemplatesOrganizationTemplate.html,             controller organizationController         .whenservice,              templateUrl TemplatesServiceTemplate.html,             controller serviceController         .whenlogin,             templateUrl TemplatesLoginTemplate.html,            controller serviceController         .whenDashboard,             templateUrl TemplatesDashboardTemplate.html,            controller dashboardController        .         otherwise             redirectTo login            ] codepre  pLogin View is p  precodeltdiv ngcontrollerloginControllergt     ltform nameloginFrom novalidate ngsubmitloginloginFromgt         ltinput typehidden ngmodelloginModel.Id gt          lth1gtLoginlth1gt         ltlabelgtNeed Some Textltlabelgt         ltdivgt             ltlabelgtusername ltlabelgt             ltdiv classinputcontrol textgt                 ltinput typetext placeholderYour username required ngmodelloginModel.Username gt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdivgt             ltlabelgtpassword ltlabelgt             ltdiv classinputcontrol passwordgt                 ltinput typepassword placeholderYour password required ngmodelloginModel.Password gt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classoffset3gt             ltinput classprimary typesubmit valueUPDATE ngdisabledloginFrom.invalid gt         ltdivgt     ltformgt ltdivgt codepre  pmy Dashboard View is  p  precodeltdiv ngcontrollerdashboardControllergt     lth1gtDashboardlth1gt     ltinput typebutton valueNext gt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 110 pI currently using eclipse and xampp to do my android assignment, I have a code to download the txt file in my localhot folder, however it keep sayingp  precodejava.io.EOFException codepre  pThis is my folder directory, inside this directory got 1 txt file called movie queue.txtp  precodeCxampphtdocsandroiduploadsu0001public codepre  pThis is my url p  precode  String url  http10.0.2.2androiduploadsu0001publicmovie20queue.txt codepre  pThis is the code p  precode     URL u  new URLurl      URLConnection conn  u.openConnection      int contentLength  conn.getContentLength      DataInputStream stream  new DataInputStreamu.openStream      byte[] buffer  new byte[contentLength]      stream.readFullybuffer      stream.close      DataOutputStream fos  new DataOutputStreamnew FileOutputStreamdestfile      fos.writebuffer      fos.flush      fos.close codepre  pThe error happen at p  precode     URLConnection conn  u.openConnection      int contentLength  conn.getContentLength codepre  pCan help me solve itp
Negative 110 pI need just to show the first published demandsp  precodedemand  emgtgetRepositoryDemandsBundleDemandsgtfindByarraydate gt  codepre  pI have a problem in this request, can someone tell me how can I make codefindbycode to just replay the first demand in my databasep  pin controller  p  pcodeentitygtsetCreatedAtnew DateTimenowcodep  pin Entityp  precode   var DateTime     ORMColumnnamecreatedat, typedatetime, nullablefalse   private createdAt codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to get the Windows folder on system drive size using FileSystemObject FSO in my Visual Basic 6 project. The problem is that windows does not let me to work on the folders like Windows so I get Permission Denied error. here is my codep  blockquote   pDim filesystem As FileSystemObjectp      pSet filesystem  New FileSystemObject p      pFolderSize  filesystem.GetFolderDirectory.Sizep blockquote
Negative 110 pI use this code but not workp  precodesql   mysqlquerySELECT etchatuserid, etchatusername, etchatuserprivilegien , emtiyaz FROM db1etchatuser WHERE etchatuserprivilegien LIKE hhh ORDER BY emtiyaz DESC codepre  pNothing to show. I have very words like hhh in my database but this code dont show anything.p
Negative 110 pI have a linear algebraic equation of the form codeAxBycode. Where A is a matrix of code6x5code, codexcode is vector of size code5code, B a matrix of code6x6code and codeycode vector of size 6. codeAcode, codeBcode and codeycode are known variables and their values are accessed in real time coming from the sensors. codexcode is unknown and has to find. One solution is to find codeLeast Square Estimationcode that is codex  [ATA1]ATBycode. This is conventional solution of linear algebraic equations. I used codeEigen QR Decompositioncode to solve this as belowp  precodematrixA  getMatrixA matrixB  getMatrixB vectorY  getVectorY LSE Solution EigenColPivHouseholderQRltEigenMatrixXdgt dec1matrixA vectorX  dec1.solvematrixBvectorY codepre  pEverything is fine until now. But when I check the errorcodee  AxBycode, its not zero always. Error is not very big but even not ignorable. Is there any other type of decomposition which is more reliable I have gone through one of the page but could not understand the meaning or how to implement this. Below are lines from the reference how to solve the problem. Could anybody suggest me how to implement this p  pThe solution of such equations codeAx  Bycodeis obtained by forming the error vector codee  AxBycode and the finding the unknown vector codexcode that minimizes the weighted error codeeTWecode, where codeWcode is a weighting matrix. For simplicity, this weighting matrix is chosen to be of the form codeW  KScode, where codeScode is a constant diagonal scaling matrix, and codeKcode is scalar weight. Hence the solution to the equation becomes p  precodex  [ATWA1]ATWBy codepre  pI did not understand how to form the matrix codeWcode.p
Negative 110 pI tried to use TweenLite to animate some elements, but it didnt work  The console.log command works, no errors occures, but nothing happens too.p  pThis is the script p  precodeltscript typeapplicationjavascriptgt     window.onload  function         var back  document.getElementByIdback         var table  document.getElementByIdtable          console.logtable         TweenLite.totable,4,top4500px , height0px         TweenLite.totable,4,top4500         TweenLite.toback, 1.5, width100      ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 110 pI am using Python 2.7.p  pI want to open the URL of a website and extract information out of it. The information I am looking for is within the US version of the website a hrefhttpwww.thewebsite.com relnofollowhttpwww.thewebsite.coma . Since I am based in Canada, I get automatically redirected to the Canadian version of the website a hrefhttpca.thewebsite.com relnofollowhttpca.thewebsite.coma. I am looking for a solution to try to avoid this. p  pIf I take any browser IE, Firefox, Chrome, ... and navigate to a hrefhttpwww.thewebsite.com relnofollowhttpwww.thewebsite.coma, I will get redirected. The website offers a menu where the visitor can pick the countryversion of the website he wants to view. Once I select United States, I am no longer redirected to the Canadian version of the website. This is true for any new tab within the browsing session. I suspect this has to do with cookies storage.p  pI tried to use the following code to prevent the redirectp  precodeimport urllib2 class RedirectHandlerurllib2.HTTPRedirectHandler     def httperror302self, req, fp, code, msg, headers         result  urllib2.HTTPErrorreq.getfullurl, code, msg, headers, fp         result.status  code         return result     httperror301  httperror303  httperror307  httperror302  opener  urllib2.buildopenerRedirectHandler webpage  opener.openhttpwww.thewebsite.com codepre  pbut it didnt seem to work since the only bit of code that can be extracted afterwards isp  precodelthtmlgtltheadgtltheadgtltbodygtltbodygtlthtmlgt codepre  pA solution to my problem would be to use a proxy while scraping the website but I was wondering if there is any way to prevent these kind of redirects using exclusively Python or Python packages.p
Negative 110 pIm receiving an Undefined variable for topictitle on line 28, the data is inserted into the database without any issue but I cant get the topic title to display on the page.p  pSide note Ive been working through a PHP book and have received many errors based on the code theyve used Sams Teach Yourself, 2002... though it may be revised. Is it worth continuing down this routep  precodeltphp check for required fields from the form if POST[topicowner]  POST[topictitle]      POST[posttext]      headerLocation addtopic.html     exit   connect to server and select database conn  mysqlconnectlocalhost, aaron, pass or diemysqlerror mysqlselectdbtest,conn or diemysqlerror  create and issue the first query addtopic  insert into forumtopics values , POST[topictitle],      now, POST[topicowner] mysqlqueryaddtopic,conn or diemysqlerror  get the id of the last query topicid  mysqlinsertid  create and issue the second query addpost  insert into forumposts values , topicid,      POST[posttext], now, POST[topicowner] mysqlqueryaddpost,conn or diemysqlerror  create nice message for user msg  ltPgtThe ltstronggttopictitleltstronggt topic has been created.ltpgt gt lthtmlgt ltheadgt     lttitlegtNew Topic Addedlttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt lth1gtNew Topic Addedlth1gt ltphp print msg gt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to develop simple app to display google mapp  pError is unable to start acitvity and google play service is missingp  pI am adding the googleplayservicelib into project.p  pmainActivity.java p  precodepublic class MainActivity extends Activity  private GoogleMap mMap  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain      mMap  MapFragment getFragmentManager.findFragmentByIdR.id.map             .getMap     mMap.setMapTypeGoogleMap.MAPTYPESATELLITE     final LatLng CIU  new LatLng35.21843892856462, 33.41662287712097     Marker ciu  mMap.addMarkernew MarkerOptions.positionCIU.title             My loacation     if mMap  null          Log.dTAG, map not available       codepre  pactivitymain.xmlp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin toolscontext.MainActivity gt  ltfragment     androidididmap     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     classcom.google.android.gms.maps.MapFragment gtltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pIn AndroidMenifest.xml Added permissions p  precodeltpermission     androidnamecom.example.androidmapsv2.permission.MAPSRECEIVE     androidprotectionLevelsignature gt ltpermissiongt  ltusespermission androidnamecom.example.androidmapsv2.permission.MAPSRECEIVE gt ltusespermission androidnamecom.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READGSERVICES gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNET gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGE gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSCOARSELOCATION gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSFINELOCATION gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSNETWORKSTATE gt  ltusesfeature     androidglEsVersion0x00020000     androidrequiredtrue gt codepre  pAnd added Api key and google play service into application tag of menifest filep  precodeltmetadata         androidnamecom.google.android.maps.v2.APIKEY         androidvalueAPI key gt ltmetadata         androidnamecom.google.android.gms.version         androidvalueintegergoogleplayservicesversion gt codepre  pOutput is img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comgZ7sj.png altenter image description herep  ponclick Get Google Play Service got errors  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHBhAe.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pI developed an application and I need to start a new activity from my menu with a simple button. I made several tests and noticed that if I set the intentfilter of Activity that contains the MapFragment as followsp  precodeltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt  ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt codepre  pthis works fine without any crashes. If instead modify the intentfilter in such a way as not to start the Activity soon as you open the app and in particular the edit as followsp  precode ltaction androidnamecom.hpdev.maps.MYMAP gt   ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt codepre  pThe activity is not started and the app crashes. How can I fix this bug  I include the code in my activity.javap  precodepublic class MyMap extends Activity   Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.fragmentmain   codepre  pMy stacktracep  precode0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889 Process com.fziviello.altamuragroup, PID 28889 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889 java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start activity ComponentInfocom.fziviello.altamuragroupcom.fziviello.altamuragroup.DoveSono android.view.InflateException Binary XML file line 9 Error inflating class fragment 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2227 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2277 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.ActivityThread.access800ActivityThread.java145 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1206 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java136 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5088 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java791 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java607 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at de.robv.android.xposed.XposedBridge.mainXposedBridge.java126 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889 Caused by android.view.InflateException Binary XML file line 9 Error inflating class fragment 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.view.LayoutInflater.createViewFromTagLayoutInflater.java713 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.view.LayoutInflater.rInflateLayoutInflater.java755 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java492 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at de.robv.android.xposed.XposedBridge.invokeOriginalMethodNativeNative Method 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at de.robv.android.xposed.XposedBridge.handleHookedMethodXposedBridge.java547 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateNative Method 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java397 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java353 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindow.setContentViewPhoneWindow.java344 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.Activity.setContentViewActivity.java1952 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at com.fziviello.altamuragroup.DoveSono.onCreateDoveSono.java37 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.Activity.performCreateActivity.java5434 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1087 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2181 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    ... 12 more 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889 Caused by android.app.FragmentInstantiationException Unable to instantiate fragment com.google.android.gms.maps.MapFragment make sure class name exists, is public, and has an empty constructor that is public 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.Fragment.instantiateFragment.java597 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.Fragment.instantiateFragment.java561 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.Activity.onCreateViewActivity.java4816 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.view.LayoutInflater.createViewFromTagLayoutInflater.java689 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    ... 25 more 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889 Caused by java.lang.ClassNotFoundException Didnt find class com.google.android.gms.maps.MapFragment on path DexPathList[[zip file dataappcom.fziviello.altamuragroup1.apk],nativeLibraryDirectories[dataapplibcom.fziviello.altamuragroup1, vendorlib, systemlib]] 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at dalvik.system.BaseDexClassLoader.findClassBaseDexClassLoader.java56 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java497 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java457 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    at android.app.Fragment.instantiateFragment.java583 0403 204957.637 EAndroidRuntime28889    ... 28 more codepre
Negative 110 pIm using Hibernate with the H2 inmemory database. The database tables are automatically created based on the beans information Ive provided in the persistence.xml file.p  pH2 is mapping a field called created of type strongorg.joda.time.DateTimestrong to a column of type strongVARBINARY255strongp  pWhen I try to persist my bean with the value codecreatedDateTime.nowcode, I get the following error   p  precode    Caused by org.h2.jdbc.JdbcSQLException Value too long for column CREATED BINARY255 Xaced0005737200166f72672e6a6f64612e74696d652e4461746554696d65b83c78646a5bddf90200007872001f6f72672e6a6f64612e74696d652e62617365... 273       SQL statement       insert into mytable id, created values null,  [22001168]     at org.h2.message.DbException.getJdbcSQLExceptionDbException.java329 codepre  pAny idea why and what I can do to solve it Unfortunately I cant change the bean definition, so I have to keep using the joda DateTime.p  pThank youp  pP.S. This is my persistence.xmlp  precodeltpersistenceunit namemytest transactiontypeRESOURCELOCALgt     ltprovidergtorg.hibernate.ejb.HibernatePersistenceltprovidergt      ltclassgtcom.model.MyTableltclassgt      ltexcludeunlistedclassesgttrueltexcludeunlistedclassesgt     ltsharedcachemodegtALLltsharedcachemodegt      ltpropertiesgt         ltproperty namejavax.persistence.jdbc.driver valueorg.h2.Driver gt         ltproperty namejavax.persistence.jdbc.url valuejdbch2tcplocalhostcUnitTestINITCREATE SCHEMA IF NOT EXISTS UnitTest gt         ltproperty namejavax.persistence.jdbc.user valueSA gt         ltproperty namejavax.persistence.jdbc.password value gt         ltproperty namehibernate.hbm2ddl.auto valuecreatedrop gt         ltproperty namehibernate.dialect valueorg.hibernate.dialect.H2Dialect gt         ltproperty namehibernate.showsql value  true gt          ltproperty namehibernate.cache.usequerycache valuetrue gt         ltproperty namehibernate.maxfetchdepth value4 gt         ltproperty namehibernate.cache.usesecondlevelcache valuetrue gt         ltproperty namehibernate.cache.usequerycache valuetrue gt         ltproperty namehibernate.cache.region.factoryclass valuenet.sf.ehcache.hibernate.EhCacheRegionFactory gt     ltpropertiesgt  ltpersistenceunitgt codepre  pAnd the table automatically generated by Hibernate  H2p  precodeMYTABLE     ID BIGINT19 NOT NULL     CREATED VARBINARY255 codepre  pAnd this is my beanp  precodeEntity Tablename  MyTable Cacheusage  CacheConcurrencyStrategy.TRANSACTIONAL public class MyTable implements Serializable       Id     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.AUTO     Columnname  id     private Long id      public Long getId          return id           SuppressWarningsunused     private void setIdLong id          this.id  id           Columnname  created     private DateTime created      public DateTime getCreated          return created           SuppressWarningsunused     private void setCreatedDateTime created          this.created  created           public MyTable            public MyTableDateTime created          this.created  created           Override     public boolean equalsObject obj          ...           Override     public int hashCode          ...       codepre
Negative 110 pIm new of maven and jpa. Im develping a modular application using maven. Im starting to implement it from a model module where i have some annnotated entity bean. Now my trouble is that I want to create the tables from this objects. Is this possible with a maven pluginp  pIm dont have an user interfaces yet, and I cant deploying anythingp  pThis is my pom.xmlp  precode    ltprojectgt     ltmodelVersiongt4.0.0ltmodelVersiongt         ltparentgt             ltgroupIdgtit.mycompanyltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtmyparentltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt0.0.1SNAPSHOTltversiongt         ltparentgt         ltartifactIdgtmodelltartifactIdgt    ltdependenciesgt          ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.eclipse.persistenceltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtorg.eclipse.persistence.jpaltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.5.1ltversiongt         ltdependencygt           ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.eclipse.persistenceltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgteclipselinkltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.5.1ltversiongt         ltdependencygt     ltdependenciesgt  ltprojectgt codepre  pHow can I do to generate themp
Negative 110 pI have pretty tricky problem with my stars rating system.  First Thing, Im getting stars from CMS and giving them unique id. p  pWhen my page is not rated i have p  precodeltdiv classratedgt     lta classstar href onclickstar1,6226,0,0,1439 ,0 gt         ltspangtltspangt     ltagt     lta classstar href onclickstar2,6226,0,0,1439 ,0 gt         ltspangtltspangt     ltagt     lta classstar href onclickstar3,6226,0,0,1439 ,0 gt         ltspangtltspangt     ltagt     lta classstar href onclickstar4,6226,0,0,1439 ,0 gt         ltspangtltspangt     ltagt     lta classstar href onclickstar5,6226,0,0,1439 ,0 gt         ltspangtltspangt     ltagt ltdivgt codepre  pAdmin , Morerator  how to make new lines p  pWhen my page is rated i havep  precodeltdiv classpunkty idpunkty1445gt     ltdiv classratinggt         lta classstar href onclickstar1,6256,6,2,1445 ,3gt             ltspangtltspangt         ltagt         lta classstar href onclickstar2,6256,6,2,1445 ,3gt             ltspangtltspangt         ltagt         lta classstar href onclickstar3,6256,6,2,1445 ,3gt             ltspangtltspangt         ltagt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classratedgt         lta classstar href onclickstar4,6256,6,2,1445 ,3 gt             ltspangtltspangt         ltagt         lta classstar href onclickstar5,6256,6,2,1445 ,3 gt             ltspangtltspangt         ltagt     ltdivgt     ltspan classoc itempropaverage idglos1445 stylefontweightboldmarginright 10pxgt3ltspangt ltdivgt codepre  pAs you can see in second example  average page rate is set by class rating i make them green colour. With class rated Im setting start to be voted here 3 green 2 blue. In first example 5 blue so all of them are clickable and when you are only one who vote for 5 we will see 5 green stars after that , I hope you can understand it.p  pNow my question  How to make them change colour to gold from left to right when i point to star  For exaple , i pointed third star so 1st 2nd and third have to change colour to gold.  I tried to make that in css but they were gold from right to left  i cannot show you that because in all jsfiddle etc. Its normal from left to right. I thik that will be possible with some hardcore jquery. Please help me , this is very important to me. p
Negative 110 pIve done a simple project about papertrail, however I encountered a problem. When I created or updated completely there were two message show in the viewp  precodeProduct was successfully created. undo  Product was successfully created. lta datamethodpost hrefversions148revert relnofollowgtundoltagt codepre  phere is my controller filep  precodeclass ProductsController lt ApplicationController   beforeaction setproduct, only [show, edit, update, destroy]     GET products    GET products.json   def index     products  Product.ordername     respondto do format       format.html       format.csv  senddata products.tocsv      end   end     GET products1    GET products1.json   def show   end     GET productsnew   def new     product  Product.new   end     GET products1edit   def edit   end     POST products    POST products.json   def create     product  Product.newproductparams      respondto do format       if product.save         format.html  redirectto product, notice Product was successfully created. undolink          format.json  render action show, status created, location product        else         format.html  render action new          format.json  render json product.errors, status unprocessableentity        end     end   end     PATCHPUT products1    PATCHPUT products1.json   def update     respondto do format       if product.updateproductparams         format.html  redirectto producturl, notice Product was successfully updated. undolink          format.json  head nocontent        else         format.html  render action edit          format.json  render json product.errors, status unprocessableentity        end     end   end     DELETE products1    DELETE products1.json   def destroy     product.destroy     respondto do format       format.html  redirectto productsurl, notice Successfully destroyed product. undolink        format.json  head nocontent      end   end    def import     Product.importparams[file]     redirectto rooturl, notice Products imported.   end    private      Use callbacks to share common setup or constraints between actions.     def setproduct       product  Product.findparams[id]     end       Never trust parameters from the scary internet, only allow the white list through.     def productparams       params.requireproduct.permitname, price     end      def undolink       viewcontext.linktoundo, revertversionpathproduct.versions.scoped.last, method gt post     end end codepre  pand the layout file herep  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt   lttitlegtStorelttitlegt   lt stylesheetlinktag    application, media all, dataturbolinkstrack gt true gt   lt javascriptincludetag application, dataturbolinkstrack gt true gt   lt csrfmetatags gt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltdiv idcontainergt         lt flash.each do name, msggt             lt contenttag div, rawmsg, id gt flashname gt         lt end gt          lt yield gt     ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pI expect to show message once, however it show twice, so please tell me where my errorsp
Negative 110 pAfter reading and searching for a while now, I am not understanding any functional difference between the  following two javascript constructs Duck and Dogp  precodefunction Duck     this.quack  functionconsole.logquack   function Dog     return         bark  functionconsole.logbark       codepre  phere is the jsfiddle where I was playing around with the code a bit in case you want an easy link to try for yourself a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net3kgqx relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net3kgqxap
Negative 110 pI am trying to get the query parameters in the url.p  pThere doesnt seem to be an easy way to do this...p  pwhich leaves me with the feeling that I must have missed a something in the doc.p
Negative 110 pI want to serialise some data in Go and I have to write the individual bits. Specifically for Huffman encoding. What is the best way to do this The most obvious way would be to just take eight bits at a time and shift the first one 7 places to the left, six with the next one and so on.p  pI was wondering whether or not there was a more idiomatic way to do this, possibly a function in the standard library. Ive had a look at encodinggob, however it does not seem to offer the control I wish, for example writing a slice of 4 booleans which I would have thought corresponded to bits outputed 24 bytes. Im guessing it has numbers which signify slice start, boolean next etc.p  pIs there a good way to do thisp
Negative 110 pI want to communicate from a server to clients with a TCP server. My question regarding this is what I would do resp. what would be a common method to send bytes to a client from a different thread, e.g. when someone calls up a python script from the web. Is there any way to accomplish thisp
Negative 110 pIs it possible to style a xaml button tag to look like an application bar button by changing the style and how can it be done.p
Negative 110 pI was reading a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7597742androidwhatisthepurposeoflooperandhowtouseitabout loopersa , and also on a hrefhttpwww.journaldev.com1069javathreadpoolexampleusingexecutorsandthreadpoolexecutor relnofollowExecutor Thread Poolsa and they appar to be doing the exact same thing... or am I missing something p
Negative 110 pOK the title is ugly but the problem is quite straightforwardp  pI have a WPF control where I want to display plot lines. My viewport has its limits, and these limits for example, bottom and top value in object coordinates are codedoublescode.p  pSo I would like to draw lines at every multiple of, say, 5. If my viewport goes from 8.3 to 22.8, I would get code[5, 0, 5, 10, 15, 20]code.p  pI would like to use LINQ, it seems the natural candidate, but cannot find a way...p  pI imagine something along these linesp  precodeint nlines  intuppervalue  lowervaluestep var seq  Enumerable.RangeintMath.Ceilingmagicnumber, nlines.Selectwhatelse codepre  pGiven values are codedoublelowervaluecode, codedoubleuppervaluecode and codeintstepcode.p
Negative 110 pI fetch data from database, the process is working good but the data flow will not be controlled.. Below is my code.........p  precodeltphp sessionstart include conn.php include ..includeslayoutsheader.php sqlSELECT  FROM signup resultmysqlquerysql gt     ltdiv idmaingt         ltdiv idnavigation gt             ltul classnavgt                 ltligtlta hrefselecteduser.phpgtManage Usersltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefmanageusers.phpgtPost New Anousmentltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefmessage.phpgtMessagesltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefsetting.phpgtSettingltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hreflogout.phpgtLogoutltagtltligt             ltulgt             ampnbsp         ltdivgt         ltdiv idpagegt              lth2gtAdmin Menulth2gt             ltpgtWelcome to Admin Arealtpgt              lttablegt                 lttrgt                     ltthgtltstronggtIDltstronggtltthgt                     ltthgtltstronggtFirstNameltstronggtltthgt                     ltthgtltstronggtLastNameltstronggtltthgt                     ltthgtltstronggtUserNameltstronggtltthgt                     ltthgtltstronggtEmailltstronggtltthgt                     ltthgtltstronggtDepartmentltstronggtltthgt                     ltthgtltstronggtIDltstronggtltthgt                     ltthgtltstronggtPhone ltstronggtltthgt                     ltthgtltstronggtPasswordltstronggtltthgt                     ltthgtltstronggtAddressltstronggtltthgt                 lttrgt ltphp  whilerowsmysqlfetcharrayresultgt      lttrgt         lttdgtltphp echo rows[Id] gtlttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo rows[FirstName] gtlttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo rows[LastName] gtlttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo rows[Username]gtlttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo rows[Email] gtlttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo rows[Department] gtlttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo rows[EmployeId] gtlttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo rows[Phone] gtlttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo rows[Password] gtlttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo rows[Address] gtlttdgt     lttrgt  ltphp  gt             lttablegt         ltdivgt         ltdivgt       ltphp include ..includeslayoutsfooter.php gt codepre  pthe main problem is the password field as it is encrypted by using sha512, therefore it is too long and i want to show it in table, so can any one tell me what to do how to control the flow of password field.. because it distrub the webpage alignment also....p
Negative 110 pi am trying to catch checkboxes statechecked or not on every click to checkboxes on specific row.I can able to get the id value of row that clicked but i cannot retrieve the checkbox state properly,it returns false most of timeeven if its checked.At the end i am planning to edit records according to checkboxes state.p  pOn Page Load status of checkboxes set according to model value.p  pHtmlrazorp  precode    Html.Kendo.ListViewltAIS.UI.WebService.Proxy.DSrvAllService.NewsItemgt             .NamelistView             .Eventse gt e.ChangechangeFunc             .TagNamediv             .Selectable             .ClientTemplateIdtemplate             .AutoBindtrue              .DataSourcedataSource gt dataSource             .Modelmodel gt model.IdID             .PageSize5      ...Some another options codepre  pKendo templatep  p     p  precode   ltdiv classcontainerfluid stylepaddingright0pxborderbottom1px                                                solid   d4d4d4gt                ltdiv class colsm4 stylepaddingtop 2px minheight 35pxmarginright1px borderright 1px solid rgb212, 212, 212gt             ltspan classbold stylecolor blackgtTitleltspangt         ltdivgt      ltdiv idtypeField  classcolsm4 gt        ifViewBag.typeall                        ltlabel classcheckboxinlinegt              ltinput typecheckbox  idwebCheckBox valueweb checked  checked gt               ltspan styleverticalalignmiddlegtWebltspangt          ltlabelgt          ltlabel classcheckboxinlinegt               ltinput typecheckbox idambulanceCheckBox valueclient checkedchecked gt              ltspangtAmbulance Clientltspangt          ltlabelgt                  else            ltlabel classcheckboxinlinegt              ltinput typecheckbox  idwebCheckBox valueweb  gt      if ViewBag.type  web        ltinput typecheckbox  idwebCheckBox valueweb checkedchecked gt                 ltspan styleverticalalignmiddlegtWebltspangt          ltlabelgt          ltlabel classcheckboxinlinegt               ltinput typecheckbox idambulanceCheckBox valueclient gt              if ViewBag.type  client       ltinput typecheckbox idambulanceCheckBox valueclient checkedchecked gt                 ltspangtAmbulance Clientltspangt          ltlabelgt                    ltdivgt     ltdiv classcolsm2 pullright  stylepaddingright0px gt           lta classbtn pullright  hrefgtltspan classkicon kdeletegtltspangtltagt     lta iddeletebutton classbtnold btndefault  pullright kbuttonicontext kdeletebutton gtltspan classkicon kdeletegtltspangtltagt     lta classbtnold btndefault  pullright onClickOpenAnnouncementIDgtltspan classkicon keditgtltspangtltagt     ltbutton idopencasedetails classbtn pullright  btnprimary  onClickOpenAnnouncementID typebutton gtEditltbuttongt     ltbutton iddeletecasedetails classbtn pullright  btnprimary onClickdeleteAnnouncementID  typebutton gtDeleteltbuttongt      ltdivgt           ltdivgt     ltscriptgt codepre  pstrongJsstrongp  precode       ltscript gt          function changeFunce                    var index  this.select.index,           dataItem  this.dataSource.view[index]          id of the selected rows record           var id  dataItem.ID          The section that trying the retrieve checkboxes state on click         Failed         var isWeb  ambulanceCheckBox.ischecked         var isClient  webCheckBox.ischecked          Also Failed          var isWeb  ambulanceCheckBox.propchecked          var isClient  webCheckBox.propchecked         ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 110 pI am able to print through my app by selecting a printer  amount of pages and press print afterwards, all by using the codeUIPrintInteractionControllercode and codeUIPrintInfocode.p  pNow have I set the printerID to the simulator or our own printer, but it still gives me the same view as before, no printer selected.p  pIve read about setting the default printer by setting printerID, all I notice however is a longer load time, same view, no printer selected automatically.p  pWhat I would like to do is simply print the tekst I want to print without selecting a printer everytime.. so setting a printerID in my code editable in app options and than simply print to that printer with 1 click. Is this possiblep  pThanks in advancep
Negative 110 pI was looking at a program I found online and I see that the author used DBLMAX in a few cases. I wasnt sure what it was so I researched a little, but there was not much explaining what it is and what its used for. p  pCan anyone explain what it is and why you should use itp  pSome examples of use in the code werep  precodelocalT.maxTemp  DBLMAX double avg  DBLMAX codepre
Negative 110 pSo im testing universal applications and have reached thisp  pI have an application on Windows Tablet that gets data from server.p  pServer is protected with certificate  SSL p  pI have this code, runs great on simple Windows Store Application, and Universal application project for tablet, but not Phonep  precodeasync public static Taskltstringgt GetDataFromServer              try                      HttpClientHandler aHandler  new HttpClientHandler             aHandler.ClientCertificateOptions  ClientCertificateOption.Automatic             HttpClient aClient  new HttpClientaHandler             aClient.DefaultRequestHeaders.ExpectContinue  false             aClient.DefaultRequestHeaders.MaxForwards  3             Uri requestUri  new UriMYURL             HttpRequestMessage request  new HttpRequestMessageHttpMethod.Get, requestUri             var result  await aClient.GetAsyncrequestUri, HttpCompletionOption.ResponseContentRead             var responseHeader  result.Headers             var responseBody  await result.Content.ReadAsStringAsync             return responseBody                  catch Exception e                      return                codepre  pAll needed capabilities are set in manifestp  precodeltCapabilitiesgt ltCapability NameinternetClient gt ltCapability NamesharedUserCertificates gt ltCapability NameprivateNetworkClientServer gt ltCapability NameinternetClientServer gt  ltCapabilitiesgt  ltExtensionsgt ltExtension Categorywindows.certificatesgt   ltCertificatesgt     ltCertificate StoreNameRoot ContentAssetsCoolCertificate.cer gt   ltCertificatesgt ltExtensiongt codepre  pp  pPhone code  doesnt crash, no errors or warnings  just blank result.p  pstrongCodestrong StatusCode 404, ReasonPhrase Not Found, Version 1.1, Content System.Net.Http.StreamContent, Headers  ContentLength 0 And no notification to the user like in WinRTp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcemKg.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pI have a Gradle script that needs to look in a file path for the SpecFlow.exe.  The problem is, the path will include the current version of SpecFlow in the name.  Since I will using similar scripts within many projects that will use SpecFlow, I dont want them to have to be coupled to a specific version in case we upgrade in the future.  This is what the tascommand looks like currentlyp  precode    task testReports type Exec          mkdirtestReports         commandLine cmd, c, ..packagesSpecFlow.1.9.0toolsspecflow.exe,nunitexecutionreport, pathtocsprojmyproject.csproj, xmlTestResult..nunitoutputmyproject.xml, outtestReportsTestResultmyproject.html codepre  p  p  pI tried the followingp  precodetask testReports type Exec  mkdirtestReports commandLine cmd, c, ..packagesSpecFlow.toolsspecflow.exe, nunitexecutionreport, pathtocsprojmyproject.csproj, xmlTestResult..nunitoutputmyproject.xml, outtestReportsTestResultmyproject.html codepre  p p  pBut that give me an error   Process command cmd finished with nonzero exit value 1p  pIs there a way for me to include wildcards in this pathp
Negative 110 pI have what I think is a pretty standard testhomework question that I cant quite finish. p  pIt consists of creating a library, shelf, and book object. It requires populating the library with shelves and the shelves with books it also needs to have a method to place a book on a shelf and remove a book from a shelf. p  pI have done most of it, but for two days I have been beating my head against a wall trying to remove a book from a shelf using an unshelf method.p  pHere is my codep  precodefunction Library    this.shelves  []    Logs all books in the library   this.allBooks  function       for i  0 i lt library.shelves.length i          console.logJSON.stringifylibrary.shelves[i].books             function Shelfnumber    this.number  number   this.books  []    This method takes in the shelf number and logs the books on that shelf   Library.prototype.booksOnShelf  function shelfNum      var x  shelfNum  1      console.logJSON.stringifylibrary.shelves[x].books      function Booktitle    this.title  title    Adds a book to a specified shelf   Library.prototype.enshelf  function shelfNumber, bookTitle      var y  shelfNumber  1     library.shelves[y].books.pushnew BookbookTitle       this.unshelf  function shelfNumber, bookTitle       var library  new Library  Adds shelves to the library library.shelves.pushnew Shelf1 library.shelves.pushnew Shelf2 library.shelves.pushnew Shelf3  Adds books to the library library.shelves[0].books.pushnew BookA Storm of Swords library.shelves[0].books.pushnew BookA Clash of Kings library.shelves[0].books.pushnew BookA Game of Thrones library.shelves[1].books.pushnew BookA Feast for Crows library.shelves[2].books.pushnew BookA Dream of Dragons library.shelves[2].books.pushnew BookWinds of Winter library.shelves[2].books.pushnew BookA Dream of Spring     library.allBooks logs all the books in the library library.booksOnShelf3  logs all the books on a specified shelf console.loglibrary.shelves.lengthlogs  of shelves in library library.enshelf2, Harry Potter library.booksOnShelf2 library.allBooks .unshelfA Storm of Swords Havent figured this out yet library.allBooks codepre  pSo far everything works except for the unshelf method, and I have tried many different ways  to do it.p  pIf someone could set me on the right path, I would appreciate it. Something I have been thinking about is putting the method in a different object. Also, I dont use any returns, which might be something that can help When I try to call library.shelves[arg].books.splicearg,arg, the console tells me I cant do it.p  pIn summation, please help me take a specific book off a shelf.p
Negative 110 pwhy does mysql trigger sometimes not called lets say like 2 occurences on about 100 insert per day it happens on all 3 tables on 3 different databases that has this trigger all 3 tables has exactly same structure, just different branches transaction and all 3 trigger insert into another table on each database. so all 3 database doesnt related at allp  precode    delimiter   CREATE TRIGGER cD AFTER INSERT ON clientTransaction   FOR EACH ROW   BEGIN END   delimiter  codepre  pjust sometimes but this cause a tremendous trouble for the whole system the code is kinda long and complex so i dont copy it here any idea why this happensp
Negative 110 pstrongScenariostrong I have a JSF 2.1 webapp running on a tomcat server, with hibernate implementing the jpa interface and mysql database. br Users of the webapp are registered as an Entity on the database, and there are a group of data called Rooms, that have their own Entity, where users have access as proprietary or as external managers. To save the concept of external management on the database i have a proper Entity for every management the external management are saved as a OneToMany relathionship on the User Entity.p  pHere you have the Hibernate dependencies as they were added to the pom.xml of the projectp  precode  ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.hibernateltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgthibernatecoreltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt4.3.5.Finalltversiongt     ltdependencygt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.hibernateltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgthibernateentitymanagerltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt4.3.5.Finalltversiongt     ltdependencygt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.hibernateltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgthibernatec3p0ltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt4.3.5.Finalltversiongt     ltdependencygt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.hibernateltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgthibernatevalidatorltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt5.1.0.Finalltversiongt     ltdependencygt codepre  pstrongProblemstrong For some odd reason, adding the code for a foreign key to the managed room in the External Management Entity with a ManyToOne relationship, breaks up Hibernate any update to the list of external management property on the User, when that foreign key is present, throws RollbackException  Transaction marked as rollback onlyp  precodeCaused by it.katuiros.core.db.dao.DataAccessException Data Access error while doing final commit. at it.katuiros.core.db.dao.impl.GenericDaoImpl.closeDataAccessGenericDaoImpl.java222 at it.katuiros.core.db.dao.impl.GenericDaoImpl.updateGenericDaoImpl.java96 at it.katuiros.appLogic.PersistenceTest.saveTestDataPersistenceTest.java157 at it.katuiros.beans.generics.TestBean.ltinitgtTestBean.java44 ... 67 more  Caused by javax.persistence.RollbackException Transaction marked as rollbackOnly at org.hibernate.jpa.internal.TransactionImpl.commitTransactionImpl.java74 at it.katuiros.core.db.dao.impl.GenericDaoImpl.closeDataAccessGenericDaoImpl.java217 ... 70 more codepre  pemAs you probably know, the sad thing about those RollbackException in Hibernate is that they are UNDEBUGGABLEemp  pstrongCODEstrong br the User entityp  precodeEntity Tablename  USER AccessAccessType.FIELD public class User extends DataModelEntity             Serialization ID           private static final long serialVersionUID  1154710247841840471L      Id     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.AUTO     Basicoptional  false     Columnname  ID     protected int id      NotNull     Columnname  USERNAME, unique  true     protected String username      NotNull     Columnname  PASSWORD     protected String password      NotNull     Columnname  EMAIL, unique  true     protected String email      Columnname  FIRSTNAME     protected String firstName      Columnname  LASTNAME     protected String lastName      Columnname  PHONE     protected String telefono      ManyToMany     LazyCollectionLazyCollectionOption.FALSE     Basicoptional  false     JoinColumnname  FAVORITEROOMS, referencedColumnName  ID, updatable  true     protected SetltRoomgt favoriteRooms      OneToMany     LazyCollectionLazyCollectionOption.FALSE     Basicoptional  false     JoinColumnname  REGISTEREDROOMS, referencedColumnName  ID, updatable  true     protected SetltRoomgt registeredRooms      OneToMany     LazyCollectionLazyCollectionOption.FALSE     Basicoptional  true     JoinColumnname  EXTERNALMANAGEMENTS, referencedColumnName  ID, updatable  true     protected SetltExternalRoomManagementPermissionsgt externalManagements      OneToOne     JoinColumnname  AVATAR, referencedColumnName  ID, updatable  true     protected Image avatar      ... constructors and getterssetters ...  codepre  pThe External Management Entityp  precodeEntity Tablename  EXTERNALROOMMANAGEMENTPERMISSIONS AccessAccessType.FIELD public class ExternalRoomManagementPermissions extends DataModelEntity              Serialization ID           private static final long serialVersionUID  7122195658297760351L      Id     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.AUTO     Basicoptional  false     Columnname  ID     private int id       CRIMINAL CODE      ManyToOne     NotNull     JoinColumnname  MANAGEDROOM, referencedColumnName  ID     private Room managedRoom      END OF CRIMINAL CODE       ... constructors and getterssetters ...  codepre  pI will not post the Room Entity code, as it is not so important.p  pThis the Data Access Object that is used to update the Entityp  precodepublic abstract class GenericDaoImplltTgt implements GenericDaoltTgt   protected EntityManager em  private ClassltTgt type  public GenericDaoImpl      Type t  getClass.getGenericSuperclass     ParameterizedType pt  ParameterizedType t     type  Class pt.getActualTypeArguments[0]     this.emnull   protected void finalize throws Throwable     this.closeDataAccess     super.finalize    DATA ACCESS LOGICS   BASIC CRUD OPERATIONS    Override public void createfinal T t  throws DataAccessException       try         this.startDataAccess         this.em.persistt     catchException e         throw new DataAccessExceptionData Access error while persisting Object., e     finally         this.closeDataAccess        Override public void deletefinal Object id  throws DataAccessException      try         this.startDataAccess         this.em.removethis.em.getReferencetype, id     catchException e         throw new DataAccessExceptionData Access error while removing Object., e     finally         this.closeDataAccess        Override public T findfinal Object id  throws DataAccessException      T result  null     try         this.startDataAccess         result  T this.em.findtype, id     catchException e         throw new DataAccessExceptionData Access error while finding Object., e     finally         this.closeDataAccess          return result   Override public T updatefinal T t throws DataAccessException      T result  null     try         this.startDataAccess         result  T this.em.merget     catchException e         throw new DataAccessExceptionData Access error while updating Object., e     finally         this.closeDataAccess          return result    MORE OPERATIONS      Method that returns the number of entries from a table that meet some   criteria where clause params     param params              sql parameters   return the number of records meeting the criteria   Override public long countAllfinal MapltString, Objectgt params throws DataAccessException      long result  1      try         this.startDataAccess         final StringBuffer queryString  new StringBuffer                 SELECT counto from           queryString.appendtype.getSimpleName.append o          queryString.appendthis.getQueryClausesparams, null          final Query query  this.em.createQueryqueryString.toString          result  Long query.getSingleResult     catchException e         throw new DataAccessExceptionData Access error while counting Object., e     finally         this.closeDataAccess           return result      This method returns the whole list of all T entities available on the datasource.      return the whole list of all T entities.   Override public ListltTgt list  throws DataAccessException      ListltTgt resultList  null      try         this.startDataAccess         final StringBuffer queryString  new StringBufferSELECT o from           queryString.appendtype.getSimpleName.append o           final Query query  this.em.createQueryqueryString.toString          resultList ListltTgt query.getResultList     catchException e         throw new DataAccessExceptionData Access error while retrieving list of Objects., e     finally         this.closeDataAccess           return resultList    MISCELLANEOUS UTILITY METHODS   protected String getQueryClausesfinal MapltString, Objectgt params,         final MapltString, Objectgt orderParams      final StringBuffer queryString  new StringBuffer     if params  null ampamp params.isEmpty          queryString.append where          for final IteratorltMap.EntryltString, Objectgtgt it  params                 .entrySet.iterator it.hasNext              final Map.EntryltString, Objectgt entry  it.next             if entry.getValue instanceof Boolean                  queryString.appendentry.getKey.append is                          .appendentry.getValue.append               else                  if entry.getValue instanceof Number                      queryString.appendentry.getKey.append                               .appendentry.getValue                  else                       string equality                     queryString.appendentry.getKey.append                               .appendentry.getValue.append                                           if it.hasNext                  queryString.append and                                 if orderParams  null ampamp orderParams.isEmpty          queryString.append order by          for final IteratorltMap.EntryltString, Objectgtgt it  orderParams                 .entrySet.iterator it.hasNext              final Map.EntryltString, Objectgt entry  it.next             queryString.appendentry.getKey.append              if entry.getValue  null                  queryString.appendentry.getValue                          if it.hasNext                  queryString.append,                                 return queryString.toString   protected void startDataAccess throws DataAccessException     this.em  ContextEMF.createEntityManager     if this.emnull throw new DataAccessExceptionNo Entity Manager was created Check if ContextEMF is correctly working.     this.em.getTransaction.begin   protected void closeDataAccess throws DataAccessException     if this.emnull         try             if this.em.isOpen                 this.em.getTransaction.commit                 this.em.clear                 this.em.close                      catchException e             throw new DataAccessExceptionData Access error while doing final commit., e                             this.emnull       codepre  pp  pand this is the piece of code where the user with a set of external managements is updated on the database and the exception is thrownp  precodethis.externalManagement1  new ExternalRoomManagementPermissionsthis.room4 this.dbAccessor.saveDatathis.externalManagement1 this.externallyManagedRoomsForUser1.addthis.externalManagement1 this.user1.setRegisteredRoomsthis.registeredRoomsForUser1 this.user2.setRegisteredRoomsthis.registeredRoomsForUser2 userDao.updatethis.user1 userDao.updatethis.user2 this.user1.setExternalManagementsthis.externallyManagedRoomsForUser1  userDao.updatethis.user1   lt EXPLODING LINE codepre  pThe last two lines are the critical step if the External Management Entity has that criminal code about the ManyToOne relationship to the managed room, the userDao.update... will throw the exception if the criminal code is omitted, the userDao.update... will NOT throw the exception.p  pThe room has already been previously persisted to the database before i use it in that last code segmentp  pstrongSumptumstrong I have a manytoone relationship on ExternalRoomManagementPermissions that has a single Room as child, and a onetomany on the User that has a collection ExternalRoomManagementPermissions children. As i have explained the presence of the first relationship external management to room in the code  the Criminal code makes the User unable to be updated with the collection of ExternalRoomManagementPermissions the second relationship.p  pstrongQuestionstrong sadly i need that ManyToOne relationship to the managed room, do you know why it breaks the persistence upp  pstrongPostScriptumstrong i tried to change the ManyToOne relationship to a OneToOne but it had no effect.p
Negative 110 pI am having JSPSERVLET application and i am able to capture the event CTRLN from keyboard and invalidating the session object.p  pBut i am facing issue when user open a new window from file menu  FILE  New Window the same page gets open but i am not able to invalidate the session. To summarize the issuep  ol lipCTRLN   Capture event invalidate the session Working finepli lipGo to FILE Menu  New Window. Not able to capture the event and user can access the page with same session.pli ol  pPlease provide your suggestions only for Internet Explorer not for any other browser.p
Negative 110 pI am using codePBOcode to take screenshot. However, the result image is all black. It works perfectly fine without codePBOcode. Is there any thing that I need to take care before doing this p  pI even tried by rendering to a codeFBOcode and then use codeGLES30.glReadBufferGLES30.GLCOLORATTACHMENT0code, no hopep  precodepublic void SetupPBO      GLES30.glGenBuffers1, pbuffers, 0             GLES30.glBindBufferGLES30.GLPIXELPACKBUFFER, pbuffers[0]     int size  intthis.mScreenHeight   intthis.mScreenWidth  4     GLES30.glBufferDataGLES30.GLPIXELPACKBUFFER, size, null, GLES30.GLDYNAMICREAD     checkGlErrorglReadBuffer     GLES30.glBindBufferGLES30.GLPIXELPACKBUFFER, 0   private void Renderfloat[] m      .......Normal render logic     exportBitmap    private void exportBitmap      int screenshotSize  intthis.mScreenWidth  intthis.mScreenHeight     ByteBuffer bb  ByteBuffer.allocateDirectscreenshotSize  4     bb.orderByteOrder.nativeOrder       set the target framebuffer to read     GLES30.glReadBufferGLES30.GLFRONT     checkGlErrorglReadBuffer     GLES30.glBindBufferGLES30.GLPIXELPACKBUFFER, pbuffers[0]     GLES30.glReadPixels0, 0, intmScreenWidth, intmScreenHeight, GL10.GLRGBA, GL10.GLUNSIGNEDBYTE, bb  lt not working       int pixelsBuffer[]  new int[screenshotSize]     bb.asIntBuffer.getpixelsBuffer     bb  null      for int i  0 i lt screenshotSize i           The alpha and green channels positions are preserved while the          red and blue are swapped         pixelsBuffer[i]  pixelsBuffer[i] amp 0xff00ff00                      pixelsBuffer[i] amp 0x000000ff ltlt 16                      pixelsBuffer[i] amp 0x00ff0000 gtgt 16           Bitmap bitmap  Bitmap.createBitmapintmScreenWidth, intmScreenHeight, Bitmap.Config.ARGB8888     bitmap.setPixelspixelsBuffer, screenshotSize  intmScreenWidth, intmScreenWidth, 0, 0, intmScreenWidth, intmScreenHeight     SaveBitmapbitmap  codepre
Negative 110 pI am fetching particular user timeline feeds in an iPhone application. I am adding two buttons for like and comment.p  pHow can I like or comment using the users own twitter accountp
Negative 110 precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langengt ltheadgt ltmeta charsetutf8gt  ltmeta httpequivXUACompatible contentIEedgegt ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1gt  ltlink hrefassetscssbootstrap.min.css relstylesheetgt  lt[if lt IE 9]gt ltscript srchttpsoss.maxcdn.comlibshtml5shiv3.7.0html5shiv.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srchttpsoss.maxcdn.comlibsrespond.js1.4.2respond.min.jsgtltscriptgt lt[endif]gt ltheadgt  ltbodygt ltdiv classnavbar navbarinverse navbarfixedtop rolenavigationgt       ltdiv classcontainergt         ltdiv classnavbarheadergt           ltbutton typebutton classnavbartoggle datatogglecollapse datatarget.navbarcollapsegt             ltspan classsronlygtToggle navigationltspangt             ltspan classiconbargtltspangt             ltspan classiconbargtltspangt             ltspan classiconbargtltspangt           ltbuttongt           lta classnavbarbrand hrefgtProject nameltagt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classnavbarcollapse collapsegt           ltform classnavbarform navbarright roleformgt             ltdiv classformgroupgt               ltinput typetext placeholderEmail classformcontrolgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classformgroupgt               ltinput typepassword placeholderPassword classformcontrolgt             ltdivgt             ltbutton typesubmit classbtn btnsuccessgtSign inltbuttongt           ltformgt         ltdivgtlt.navbarcollapse gt       ltdivgt     ltdivgt      lt Main jumbotron for a primary marketing message or call to action gt     ltdiv classjumbotrongt       ltdiv classcontainergt         lth1gtHello, worldlth1gt         ltpgtThis is a template for a simple marketing or informational website. ltpgt         ltpgtlta classbtn btnprimary btnlg rolebuttongtLearn more ampraquoltagtltpgt       ltdivgt     ltdivgt      ltdiv classcontainergt       lt Example row of columns gt       ltdiv classrowgt         ltdiv classcolmd4gt           lth2gtHeadinglth2gt           ltpgtDonec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus.  ltpgt           ltpgtlta classbtn btndefault href rolebuttongtView details ampraquoltagtltpgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classcolmd4gt           lth2gtHeadinglth2gt           ltpgtDonec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus. ltpgt           ltpgtlta classbtn btndefault href rolebuttongtView details ampraquoltagtltpgt        ltdivgt         ltdiv classcolmd4gt           lth2gtHeadinglth2gt           ltpgtDonec sed odio dui. ltpgt           ltpgtlta classbtn btndefault href rolebuttongtView details ampraquoltagtltpgt         ltdivgt       ltdivgt        lthrgt        ltfootergt         ltpgtampcopy Company 2014ltpgt       ltfootergt     ltdivgt lt container gt   lt Placed at the end of the document so the pages load faster gt   ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.0jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcassetsjsbootstrap.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pThis is the HTML code. Have included the respond.js too. But still the site is displayed as the mobile version in ie8. p  pAm using Bootstrap version 3.1.1. The strange thing is i have built a site with similar version which doesnt have this problem. Please suggest a solution p
Negative 110 pI am busy designing a log table which certain entries will be stored in, I have simplified the problem for this question. p  pHere is an example of a standard tablep  precodebigInt PK  intclientid  datetime time  stringdata  codepre  pNow the way I see it, the PK in this case is not really needed in terms of me querying the data which I need Is there a way you could create a virtual  compound primary keyp  pSo in the case above, you could identity this row, buy a compound PK of codeclientidcode and codetimecode. This way you would save on having to store a useless integer for every entryp  pOr an I missing something important about the primary keyp
Negative 110 pI have this module running on python 2.7 with SQLAlchemy0.8.3p  precodefrom sqlalchemy import createengine from sqlalchemy.orm import scopedsession, sessionmaker from sqlalchemy.ext.declarative import declarativebase from sqlalchemy import Column, Integer, SmallInteger, String from sqlalchemy.sql.expression import text from sqlalchemy.types import CHAR from dictapp import   dbcreateenginemysqlcharsetutf8.     formatGlob.user,Glob.passwd,Glob.host,Glob.dbName sessionscopedsessionsessionmakerautocommitFalse,                                     autoflushFalse,                                     binddb Base  declarativebase  class UserBase     tablename  User      id  ColumnCHAR5, primarykeyTrue     name  ColumnString45, nullableFalse      def initself, idNone, nameNone         self.id  id         self.name  name      def unicodeself         return u.formatself.name  def validate     try         session.commit         printThe model has been recorded on the disk         return 0     except Exception as e         printus  unicodee.message.encodeutf8         printunicodee.message.encodeutf8         session.rollback         return e codepre  pOn the database, I have defined a trigger that control that the name is not already used p  precodedelimiter   CREATE TRIGGER triginsuser BEFORE INSERT ON User FOR EACH ROW BEGIN   DECLARE nbUser integer   DECLARE specialty CONDITION FOR SQLSTATE 45000   DECLARE msg varchar255   SELECT count INTO nbUser FROM User     WHERE name  NEW.name   IF nbUser gt 0 THEN       SET msg  CONCATIl existe dj un utilisateur rpondant au nom de , NEW.name        SIGNAL specialty SET MESSAGETEXT  msg   END IF END codepre  pIn order to test this trigger, i run this code p  precodegtgtgt u1  User15001, tux gtgtgt session.addu1 gtgtgt validate The model has been recorded on the disk 0 gtgtgt u2  User15002, tux gtgtgt session.addu2 gtgtgt err  validate OperationalError 1644, Il existe dxc3xa9jxc3xa0 un utilisateur rxc3xa9pondant au nom de tux gtgtgt err OperationalErrorOperationalError 1644, Il existe dxc3xa9jxc3xa0 un utilisateur rxc3xa9pondant au nom de tux, gtgtgt iderr 22987712 gtgtgt typeerr ltclass sqlalchemy.exc.OperationalErrorgt gtgtgt  codepre  pso I want to deal with message from trigger written with accent...p  pThe Mysql server is working fine, this is a paste made with a mysql console p  precodemysqlgt insert into User values 15001, tux Query OK, 1 row affected 0.04 sec  mysqlgt insert into User values 15002, tux ERROR 1644 45000 Il existe dj un utilisateur rpondant au nom de tux mysqlgt codepre
Negative 110 pI have template of linear layout which has two text fields to hold question number and questions. This template is used in master activity by using include tag multiple times.  I was trying to set the question numbers in this master view based on the count of child views it has, but only last iterations of loop gets updated . example, If there are 3 child views, the first question will have question number set to 3, others are not impacted at all. Relevant codes are as below.p  pMaster Activityp  precodeltLinearLayout ...      androididididactivitymain gt      ltinclude         androidididincid1         layoutlayouttemplate gt       ltinclude         androidididincid2         layoutlayouttemplate gt       ltinclude         androidididincid3         layoutlayouttemplate gt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pTemplate layoutp  precode ltLinearLayout ... gt      ltTextView         androidididtvqnumber        ......gt       ltTextView         androidididtvquestion         ..... gt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pand in my activity for master I think I have done some stupidity in this loop but too blind to see it  p  precodeLinearLayout masterLayoutLinearLayout findViewByIdR.id.idactivitymain int childCountmasterLayout.getChildCount forint i0iltchildCounti      individual embedded template      LinearLayout linearRowViewLinearLayout masterLayout.getChildAt0       fetchin question number text field for each embedded template     TextView questionNumberTextViewTextView linearRowView.findViewByIdR.id.tvqnumber      setting question number in each question number field of included template     questionNumberTextView.setTexti1  codepre  pIn above example, when I leave default text for question number text view as 1, the out put would be p  precode3.   first questions text. 1.   second  question text. 1.   third question text. codepre  pMy question is , why its not updated as 1,2,3 but updated as 3,1,1.  1 is default. Thanks for your help in advance.p
Negative 110 pIm working on a project that uses SharePoint 2010. I need to write a POST variable to a file using an ajax call.p  pIf I were using PHP I would use the fwrite function to write the POST to a file. p  pHere is how I envision my solution working. When you go to notarealwebsite.com and submit the form, I envision using an ajax call to write the file. The ajax on the index.php would look likep  precode.ajax     type POST,     url savetext.php,     data json JSON.stringifystrJson  codepre  pIn PHP I would pass the POST variable into the savetext.php file and its code would look like this  p  precodelt php file  fopenfile.txt,w fwritefile, POST[json] fclosefile gt codepre  pDoes SharePoint have an equivalent function I can use to save the POST to a filep
Negative 110 pSo heres what Im trying to do. I need to create new javascript functions to go with the table contents so I can edit the table contents individually when they are created. However, my problem is I am getting an Uncaught Error Object is not a function. Whenever I call the function.p  pAnyone have any idea whyp  precodewhileinventorynumbergtq     echo ltscriptgtfunction edititem.q.document.getElementByIdedititem.q..innerHTML   document.getElementByIdedititem.q..innerHTML  ltinput classnumber typenumber placeholder.item[q]. nameitem.q.gtltinputgt      function editdesc.q.document.getElementByIdeditdesc.q..innerHTML   document.getElementByIdeditdesc.q..innerHTML  ltinput classnumber typenumber placeholder.desc[q]. namedesc.q.gtltinputgt      function editprice.q.document.getElementByIdeditprice.q..innerHTML   document.getElementByIdeditprice.q..innerHTML  ltinput classnumber typenumber placeholder.price[q]. nameprice.q.gtltinputgt      function editquantity.q.document.getElementByIdeditquantity.q..innerHTML   document.getElementByIdeditquantity.q..innerHTML  ltinput classnumber typenumber placeholder.quantity[q]. namequantity.q.gtltinputgt      ltscriptgt     if invtotal[q]number          invdatedate[q]         itemtotal  quantity[q]price[q]         quantities  quantity[q]         echo lttrgtlttd idedititem.q.gtlta onClickedititem.q.gt.item[q].ltagtlttdgtlttd ideditdesc.q.gtlta onClickeditdesc.q.gt.desc[q].ltagtlttdgtlttd ideditprice.q.gtlta onClickeditprice.q.gt.price[q].ltagtlttdgtlttd ideditquantity.q.gtlta onClickeditquantity.q.gt.quantity[q].ltagtlttdgtlttdgt.itemtotal.lttdgtlttrgt         sumtotal  itemtotal         quantitytotal  quantities         q          else          q       codepre
Negative 110 pthis method to retrieve the photo facebook profile does not work anymorep  precodeImageView userpicture  userpictureImageViewfindViewByIdR.id.userpicture  URL imgvalue  null  imgvalue  new URLhttpgraph.facebook.comidpicturetypelarge  Bitmap mIcon1  BitmapFactory.decodeStreamimgvalue.openConnection.getInputStream userpicture.setImageBitmapmIcon1 codepre  pmIcon1 is null p  pit functioned normally but not now and I think that facebook has changed something  when I check the URL that redirects to another urlp  phttp graph.facebook.comid example2154847picturetypelarge  https fbcdnprofilea.akamaihd.nethprofileakprn2t1.0  1s200x20014806031020150690342450871775 13962104534241n.jpg p  pstrongEditstrong  solution p  precode public Bitmap getPhotoFacebookfinal String id       Bitmap bitmapnull     final String nomimg  httpsgraph.facebook.comidpicturetypelarge     URL imageURL  null      try          imageURL  new URLnomimg      catch MalformedURLException e          e.printStackTrace           try          HttpURLConnection connection  HttpURLConnection imageURL.openConnection         connection.setDoInputtrue         connection.setInstanceFollowRedirects true          connection.connect         InputStream inputStream  connection.getInputStream         imgvalue.openConnection.setInstanceFollowRedirectstrue.getInputStream         bitmap  BitmapFactory.decodeStreaminputStream       catch IOException e           e.printStackTrace          return bitmap   codepre
Negative 110 pI have this method attendanceView that retrieves values from a database. I was able to retrieve the number of rows and columns the result set have. but when I use whilers.next, the result set returns null values. The query works fine in ms access. The program returns no errors but returns null values. What should I do to resolve thisp  pThis is my code for atendanceViewp  precodeprivate void attendanceView throws ClassNotFoundException         try                         String query TRANSFORM ABSa.present                  SELECT e.ID, e.firstName, e.lastName, e.position, e.rate,a.overtime                   FROM employees e LEFT JOIN attendance a ON e.ID  a.empID                   GROUP BY e.ID, e.firstName, e.lastName, e.position, e.rate, a.present, a.overtime                   PIVOT a.dateAttended              Object[][] result  connectToDB2query             forint x  0 x lt result.length x                 forint y0 y lt result[x].length y                     System.out.printresult[x][y]                                   System.out.println                           monthlyAttendanceTable.setModelnew javax.swing.table.DefaultTableModel                     result, new String [] Employee ID,First Name,Last Name, Position, Rate,,                                           Class[] types  new Class []                      java.lang.Integer.class, java.lang.String.class, java.lang.String.class, java.lang.String.class, java.lang.Integer.class, java.lang.Integer.class, java.lang.Integer.class, java.lang.Integer.class,java.lang.Integer.class,java.lang.Integer.class,java.lang.String.class                                  boolean[] canEdit  new boolean []                      false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false, false,false                                   public Class getColumnClassint columnIndex                      return types [columnIndex]                                   public boolean isCellEditableint rowIndex, int columnIndex                       return canEdit [columnIndex]                                       catch ClassNotFoundException ex                  Logger.getLoggerMainFrame.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex                 ex.printStackTrace                    codepre  pthis is the code for connecting to the databasep  precodeprivate String[][] connectToDB2String query throws ClassNotFoundException         String[][] results  null         try                   Class.forNamesun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcDriver                 String db  jdbcodbcDriverMicrosoft Access Driver .mdb, .accdbDBQDEACAAgroVentures1.accdb                 conn  DriverManager.getConnectiondb                 stmt  conn.prepareStatementquery,ResultSet.TYPESCROLLINSENSITIVE,ResultSet.CONCURREADONLY                  ResultSet rs  stmt.executeQuery                 ResultSetMetaData rsm  rs.getMetaData                 rs.beforeFirst                 int columns  rsm.getColumnCount                 int rows  getRowCountrs                 ifquery.containsPIVOT                     System.out.printlnquery                     rowsgetRowCount2query                  else ifquery.containsGROUP BY                     rows  getRowCountquery                                   rs.beforeFirst                 int rowCount  0                 results  new String[rows][columns]                 System.out.printlnrows PIVOT columns                 whilers.next                        System.out.printrowCount                    ifrowCount  rows                         return results                    else                    forint i  0 i lt columns i                         results[rowCount][i]  rs.getStringi1                         System.out.printlnrowCount,,,,i  results[rowCount][i]                                            rowCount                                                      rs.getStatement.close                 conn.close           catch SQLException ex              Logger.getLoggerMainFrame.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex                  return results      codepre
Negative 110 pHow to write code9.2903e6code in phpp  pI have to convert sqfeet to hectares, so I have to write the conversion code.p  pWhere code1 sqmeter  9.2903e6codep  pI have to call a function in which I have to write a conversion code.p  pSo, how to write a exponential value in phpp
Negative 110 pi trying to create auto copy application, once the USB Flashdisk plug in and then the service start copying.. I already done it with Windows Form application, and it work fine. When the service start copying, it pop out the copying dialog box. BUT, when i implement Microsoft.VIsualBasic.FIlesystem in Windows Service application, it wont show the copying dialog box, it just COPY without any notificationp  phere is my codep  precode    private void BackupWithVisual              sourceDir  Dimages          DriveInfo[] ListDrives  DriveInfo.GetDrives          foreach DriveInfo Drive in ListDrives                      if Drive.DriveType  DriveType.Removable                              USBLocation  Drive.RootDirectory.ToString  Backup  DateTime.Now.ToStringMMMM    DateTime.Now.ToStringddMMyy                                eventLog1.WriteEntryUSBLocation           Directory.CreateDirectorysourceDir          if System.IO.Directory.ExistsUSBLocation                      System.IO.Directory.CreateDirectoryUSBLocation                   FileSystem.CopyDirectorysourceDir, USBLocation, UIOption.AllDialogs, UICancelOption.DoNothing      codepre  pin my last line of my code is where i use to do a copy with windows dialogbox just like we do CTRL  C then CTRL  V, in windows form application, it works very fine but in windows service, the dialog box doesnt show, it just copy in the background, i already set my service to allow to interact with desktop. Is there something i missedp
Negative 110 pIm wondering what the best way is to eliminate certain factors from a plot in ggplot.p  pI have data that looks something likep  precodeGroup    Time    Freq A        1       5000 B        1       70 C        1       60 ... codepre  pIm then using codegeompathcode to plot how these frequencies change over time.p  pFor all of the time periods, group A has far more observations than the other groups, so Id like to create some graphs that do not include group A. p  pIm wondering what the best way to do that is. Is there something I can pass to codeggplotcodep
Negative 110 pI need to make a state machine for a hardware device. It will have more than 25 states and I am not sure what design to apply.  p  pBecause I am using codeC11code I thought of using codeOOPcode and implementing it using the codeState Patterncode, but I dont think it is appropriate for the embedded system.  p  pShould it be more like a C style design  I havent code it one before. Can someone give me some pointers on what is the best suited design   p  pSystem information  p  precodeARM CortexM4   1 MB Flash   196 KB Ram codepre  pI also saw a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions14676709ccodeforstatemachinethisa question, the accepted answers points to a table design, the other answer to a codeState patterncode design.p
Negative 110 pGiven a list of IDs, say user1, user2, user3 I need to construct a query that will return a list containing only those that are present in the database, say user1, user2.p  pMy current implementation is as follows invalid SQL statement p  precodeString queryString                    IF EXISTS SELECT cols...                   FROM table                   WHERE userID                   IN   ids           if   includeDeleted               queryString   AND u.DELETED  N                  queryString   BEGIN                   SELECT cols...                    FROM table                   WHERE userID                   IN   ids                            if   includeDeleted               queryString   AND u.DELETED  N                  queryString   END codepre
Negative 110 pcouldnt find file jquery.ui.datepicker   in CRailsInstallerRuby1.9.3librubygems1.9.1bundlergemsactiveadminf65e7cd6425bappassetsjavascriptsactiveadminbase.js.coffee2p  pThink that problem with gem sprocketsp  precodesprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketscontext.rb106in resolve sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketscontext.rb146in requireasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsdirectiveprocessor.rb217in processrequiredirective sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsdirectiveprocessor.rb167in block in processdirectives sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsdirectiveprocessor.rb165in each sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsdirectiveprocessor.rb165in processdirectives sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsdirectiveprocessor.rb99in evaluate tilt 1.4.1 libtilttemplate.rb103in render sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketscontext.rb197in block in evaluate sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketscontext.rb194in each sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketscontext.rb194in evaluate sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb12in initialize sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb374in new sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb374in block in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb395in circularcallprotection sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb373in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb94in block in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketscaching.rb58in cacheasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb93in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb287in findasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb61in findasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb111in block in resolvedependencies sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb105in each sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb105in resolvedependencies sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb97in buildrequiredassets sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb16in initialize sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb374in new sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb374in block in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb395in circularcallprotection sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb373in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb94in block in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketscaching.rb58in cacheasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb93in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb287in findasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb61in findasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb111in block in resolvedependencies sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb105in each sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb105in resolvedependencies sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb97in buildrequiredassets sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb16in initialize sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb374in new sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb374in block in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb395in circularcallprotection sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb373in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb94in block in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketscaching.rb58in cacheasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb93in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb287in findasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb61in findasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbundledasset.rb16in initialize sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb377in new sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb377in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb94in block in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketscaching.rb58in cacheasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb93in buildasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb287in findasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsindex.rb61in findasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsenvironment.rb75in findasset sprockets 2.11.0 libsprocketsbase.rb295in [] sprocketsrails 2.0.1 libsprocketsrailshelper.rb144in lookupassetforpath sprocketsrails 2.0.1 libsprocketsrailshelper.rb91in block in javascriptincludetag sprocketsrails 2.0.1 libsprocketsrailshelper.rb90in map sprocketsrails 2.0.1 libsprocketsrailshelper.rb90in javascriptincludetag actionpack 4.0.4 libactionviewtemplate.rb143in block in render activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportnotifications.rb161in instrument actionpack 4.0.4 libactionviewtemplate.rb141in render actionpack 4.0.4 libactionviewrenderertemplaterenderer.rb61in renderwithlayout actionpack 4.0.4 libactionviewrenderertemplaterenderer.rb47in rendertemplate actionpack 4.0.4 libactionviewrenderertemplaterenderer.rb17in render actionpack 4.0.4 libactionviewrendererrenderer.rb42in rendertemplate actionpack 4.0.4 libactionviewrendererrenderer.rb23in render actionpack 4.0.4 libabstractcontrollerrendering.rb127in rendertemplate actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalstreaming.rb219in rendertemplate actionpack 4.0.4 libabstractcontrollerrendering.rb120in rendertobody actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalrendering.rb33in rendertobody actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalrenderers.rb26in rendertobody actionpack 4.0.4 libabstractcontrollerrendering.rb97in render actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalrendering.rb16in render actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalinstrumentation.rb41in block 2 levels in render activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportcoreextbenchmark.rb12in block in ms CRailsInstallerRuby1.9.3libruby1.9.1benchmark.rb295in realtime activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportcoreextbenchmark.rb12in ms actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalinstrumentation.rb41in block in render actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalinstrumentation.rb84in cleanupviewruntime activerecord 4.0.4 libactiverecordrailtiescontrollerruntime.rb25in cleanupviewruntime actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalinstrumentation.rb40in render actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalimplicitrender.rb10in defaultrender actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalresponder.rb233in defaultrender actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalresponder.rb161in tohtml actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalresponder.rb154in respond actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalresponder.rb147in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalmimeresponds.rb330in respondwith devise 3.2.4 appcontrollersdevisesessionscontroller.rb10in new actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalimplicitrender.rb4in sendaction actionpack 4.0.4 libabstractcontrollerbase.rb189in processaction actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalrendering.rb10in processaction actionpack 4.0.4 libabstractcontrollercallbacks.rb18in block in processaction activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportcallbacks.rb443in run644442672processactioncallbacks activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportcallbacks.rb80in runcallbacks actionpack 4.0.4 libabstractcontrollercallbacks.rb17in processaction actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalrescue.rb29in processaction actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalinstrumentation.rb31in block in processaction activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportnotifications.rb159in block in instrument activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportnotificationsinstrumenter.rb20in instrument activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportnotifications.rb159in instrument actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalinstrumentation.rb30in processaction actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalparamswrapper.rb250in processaction activerecord 4.0.4 libactiverecordrailtiescontrollerruntime.rb18in processaction actionpack 4.0.4 libabstractcontrollerbase.rb136in process actionpack 4.0.4 libabstractcontrollerrendering.rb44in process actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetal.rb195in dispatch actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetalrackdelegation.rb13in dispatch actionpack 4.0.4 libactioncontrollermetal.rb231in block in action actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchroutingrouteset.rb80in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchroutingrouteset.rb80in dispatch actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchroutingrouteset.rb48in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchroutingmapper.rb44in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchjourneyrouter.rb71in block in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchjourneyrouter.rb59in each actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchjourneyrouter.rb59in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchroutingrouteset.rb674in call warden 1.2.3 libwardenmanager.rb35in block in call warden 1.2.3 libwardenmanager.rb34in catch warden 1.2.3 libwardenmanager.rb34in call rack 1.5.2 libracketag.rb23in call rack 1.5.2 librackconditionalget.rb25in call rack 1.5.2 librackhead.rb11in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewareparamsparser.rb27in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewareflash.rb241in call rack 1.5.2 libracksessionabstractid.rb225in context rack 1.5.2 libracksessionabstractid.rb220in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewarecookies.rb486in call activerecord 4.0.4 libactiverecordquerycache.rb36in call activerecord 4.0.4 libactiverecordconnectionadaptersabstractconnectionpool.rb626in call activerecord 4.0.4 libactiverecordmigration.rb373in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewarecallbacks.rb29in block in call activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportcallbacks.rb373in run988967824callcallbacks activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportcallbacks.rb80in runcallbacks actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewarecallbacks.rb27in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewarereloader.rb64in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewareremoteip.rb76in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewaredebugexceptions.rb17in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewareshowexceptions.rb30in call railties 4.0.4 librailsracklogger.rb38in callapp railties 4.0.4 librailsracklogger.rb20in block in call activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupporttaggedlogging.rb68in block in tagged activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupporttaggedlogging.rb26in tagged activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupporttaggedlogging.rb68in tagged railties 4.0.4 librailsracklogger.rb20in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewarerequestid.rb21in call rack 1.5.2 librackmethodoverride.rb21in call rack 1.5.2 librackruntime.rb17in call activesupport 4.0.4 libactivesupportcachestrategylocalcache.rb83in call rack 1.5.2 libracklock.rb17in call actionpack 4.0.4 libactiondispatchmiddlewarestatic.rb64in call rack 1.5.2 libracksendfile.rb112in call railties 4.0.4 librailsengine.rb511in call railties 4.0.4 librailsapplication.rb97in call rack 1.5.2 libracklock.rb17in call rack 1.5.2 librackcontentlength.rb14in call rack 1.5.2 librackhandlerwebrick.rb60in service CRailsInstallerRuby1.9.3libruby1.9.1webrickhttpserver.rb138in service CRailsInstallerRuby1.9.3libruby1.9.1webrickhttpserver.rb94in run CRailsInstallerRuby1.9.3libruby1.9.1webrickserver.rb191in block in startthread codepre  pwaiting for your suggestion. Thanksp
Negative 110 pPlease help me to rewrite below insert query optimize. My codestored procedurecode contains these type of bunch of insert queries here I wants to make the codestored procedurecode execution faster with replacingp  precodeINSERT INTO [allassetsurveyreport]  SELECT Replacesrno, string,  AS SRNO,         Yes                         AS Responded,         Yes                         AS IsOldReport,         NULL                          AS [Status],         [pleaserateyourx00]          AS [Overall Satisfaction],         [easeofuse]                   AS [Ease of Engaging],         responsiveness                AS Professionalism,         [qualityofthedeliverable]     AS [Quality of Document],         NULL                          AS BulkUploadReason,         NULL                          AS [Requested FY],         NULL                          AS [Requested FM],         NULL                          AS Vertical,         NULL                          AS Industry,         NULL                          AS PrimaryContact,         NULL                          AS [Topic for Proposal]  FROM   [rfxsurvey]  codepre
Negative 110 pI have some measured data which can be either a well established gaussian or something that seems to be a gamma distribution, I currently have the following code snippet which performs quite well for data that is nicely gaussianp  precodedef gaussFunctionx, A, mu, sigma     return Anumpy.expxmu22.sigma2   Snippet of the code that does the fitting p0  [numpy.maxypoints, xpoints[numpy.argmaxypoints],0.1]  Attempt to fit a gaussian function to the calibrant space try   coeff, varmatrix  curvefitself.gaussFunction, xpoints, ypoints, p0   newX  numpy.linspacexpoints[0],xpoints[1],1000   newY  self.gaussFunctionnewX, coeff   fig   plt.figure   ax  fig.addsubplot111   plt.plotxpoints, ypoints, b   plt.plotnewX,newY,    plt.show codepre  pDemonstration that it works well for datapoints which are nicely gaussianp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDVjVX.png altenter image description herep  pThe problem however arises that some of my datapoints are not matching with a good gaussian and I get thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVke7c.png altenter image description herep  pI would be tempted to try a a hrefhttpdocs.scipy.orgdocscipyreferencetutorialinterpolate.html relnofollowcubic splinea but conceptually I would like to stick to a Gaussian curve fit since that is the data structure that should be within the data which can occur with a knee or a tail in some data as shown in the second figure. I would highly appreciate if someone has any tip or suggestion on how to deal with this issue.p
Negative 110 pI am experimenting with Breeze.js queries against ODATA service built on Microsoft Web API 2.p  pEverything worked as expected when both UI and ODATA controllers lived in the same web application.p  pThen I decided to put my data service and the web app into separate projects. I installed required CORS packages. My data service is fully functional when I send queries from LinqPad. p  pHowever, Breeze is failing to parse arriving response payload. p  pThis is my relevant Console tracep  precodeXHR finished loading GET httplocalhost63494odatametadata. index1 XHR finished loading GET httplocalhost63494odataPositionsfilterPeriodEndDate20eq20datetiue2CCustodianAccountCode2CCustodianCode2CSubBusinessUnit2CStrategyCode. [Q] Unhandled rejection reasons should be empty  [Error    at createError httplocalhost57299Slocalhost57299Scriptsdatajs1.1.3.js258725]  q.js989 codepre  pIn debugger I can see that response with data is arriving from the server, but Breeze fails to parse data out of json.p  pMy environmentp  pOn the ODATA server side I have the following relevant packages installedp  precodeltpackage idBreeze.EdmBuilder version1.0.5 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idBreeze.Server.ContextProvider version1.4.12 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idBreeze.Server.ContextProvider.EF6 version1.4.12 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idBreeze.Server.WebApi2 version1.4.12 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idEntityFramework version6.1.0 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idjQuery version1.8.2 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idjQuery.UI.Combined version1.8.24 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idknockoutjs version2.2.0 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.Cors version5.2.0rtm140522 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.Mvc version5.2.0rtm140521 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.OData version5.2.0rtm140521 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.Providers.Core version1.2 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.Providers.LocalDB version1.1 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.Razor version3.2.0rtm140521 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi version5.2.0rtm140521 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi.Client version5.2.0rtm140522 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi.Core version5.2.0rtm140522 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi.Cors version5.2.0rtm140522 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi.OData version5.2.0rtm140521 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi.Tracing version5.2.0rtm140521 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi.WebHost version5.2.0rtm140521 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebPages version3.2.0rtm140521 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.Data.Edm version5.6.1 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.Data.OData version5.6.1 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.OData.Core version6.3.0 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.OData.Edm version6.3.0 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.Spatial version6.3.0 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.Web.Infrastructure version1.0.0.0 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idNewtonsoft.Json version6.0.3 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idSystem.Spatial version5.6.1 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idWebActivator version1.5.3 targetFrameworknet45 gt codepre  pOn the web application ODATA client side I havep  precodeltpackage idAntlr version3.5.0.2 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idBreeze.Client version1.4.12 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idBreeze.Server.ContextProvider version1.4.12 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idBreeze.Server.WebApi2 version1.4.12 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage iddatajs version1.1.3 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idDotNetOpenAuth.AspNet version4.3.4.13329 targetFrameworknet40 requireReinstallationTrue gt   ltpackage idDotNetOpenAuth.Core version4.3.4.13329 targetFrameworknet40 requireReinstallationTrue gt   ltpackage idDotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer version4.3.4.13329 targetFrameworknet40 requireReinstallationTrue gt   ltpackage idDotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Core version4.3.4.13329 targetFrameworknet40 requireReinstallationTrue gt   ltpackage idDotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.Core version4.3.4.13329 targetFrameworknet40 requireReinstallationTrue gt   ltpackage idDotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty version4.3.4.13329 targetFrameworknet40 requireReinstallationTrue gt   ltpackage idEntityFramework version6.1.1beta1 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idjQuery version2.1.1 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idjquery.event.drag version2.2.0 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idjQuery.UI.Combined version1.10.4 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idjQuery.Validation version1.12.0 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idknockoutjs version3.1.0 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.Mvc version5.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes version5.0.0 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.Razor version3.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization version1.1.3 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi version5.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi.Client version5.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi.Core version5.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi.OData version5.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebApi.WebHost version5.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebPages version3.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebPages.Data version3.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebPages.OAuth version3.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.AspNet.WebPages.WebData version3.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.Bcl version1.1.9 targetFrameworknet40 requireReinstallationTrue gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.Bcl.Build version1.0.14 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.Data.Edm version5.6.1 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.Data.OData version5.6.1 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.jQuery.Unobtrusive.Ajax version3.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.jQuery.Unobtrusive.Validation version3.2.0rtm140523 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.Net.Http version2.2.22 targetFrameworknet40 requireReinstallationTrue gt   ltpackage idMicrosoft.Web.Infrastructure version1.0.0.0 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idModernizr version2.7.2 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idNewtonsoft.Json version6.0.3 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idQ version1.0.0 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idSlickGrid version2.2.20140120 targetFrameworknet40 gt   ltpackage idSystem.Spatial version5.6.1 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idWebActivator version1.5.3 targetFrameworknet45 gt   ltpackage idWebGrease version1.6.0 targetFrameworknet45 gt codepre  pMy Controller on ODATA side looks like thisp  precodepublic class PositionsController  ODataController              private AGDWEntities db  new AGDWEntities          public PositionsController                      db.Database.Log  s gt Debug.WriteLines                    GET odataPositions         [EnableQuery]         public IQueryableltPositiongt GetPositions                      return db.Positions                    GET odataPositions5         [EnableQuery]         public SingleResultltPositiongt GetPosition[FromODataUri] string key                      return SingleResult.Createdb.Positions.Whereposition gt position.CCY  key          codepre  pI use Breezes EdmBuilder on the data server side instead of ODataConventionModelBuilderp  precodeprivate static IEdmModel GetEdmModelModelForBreeze                      return EdmBuilder.GetEdmltAGDWEntitiesgt          codepre  pCORS is enabled byp  precodeconfig.EnableCorsnew EnableCorsAttribute, , ,  SupportsCredentials  true, PreflightMaxAge  long.MaxValue codepre  pIn the Web app, query looks like thisp  precode var serverAddress  httplocalhost63494odata                 breeze.config.initializeAdapterInstances dataService webApiOData                 var manager  new breeze.EntityManagerserverAddress                my.vm                      positions ko.observableArray[],                                          load function                          var query  breeze.EntityQuery                            .fromPositions                            .wherePeriodEndDate, , new DateDate.UTC2014, 0, 30, 0, 0, 0, 0                            .wherePortfolio, , SUPR                            .take200                            .orderByAGPositionKeyId                            .selectID,Portfolio,AGPositionKeyId,BookEndingMarketValue,CustodianAccountCode,CustodianCode,SubBusinessUnit,StrategyCode                        try                             manager.executeQueryquery                                .thenfunctiondata                                     .eachdata.results, functioni, c                                             my.vm.positions.pushc                                                                                .failfunctione                                             alerte                                                                                                 catch e                             alerte                                            ,                                  my.vm.load                 ko.applyBindingsmy.vm codepre  pIve seen a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17397733breezeexecutequeryqpromisefailscorsthis posta, and tried to inherit my controller from ApiController and use Breeze attribute, but it didnt work either  I started getting different server error.p  pThanks for reading my long questionp
Negative 110 pHow do I redirect stdout to my local client when using RPyC services I know it is possible when using Classic RPyC by using p  precodec  rpyc.classic.connectip  c.modules.sys.stdout  sys.stdout codepre  pDoes anyone have an equivalent code that I can use on my client side for a userdefined service like one belowp  precodeclass remoteServerrpyc.Service      def onconnectself          code that runs when a connection is created          to init the serivce, if needed          if not os.path.existsself.LOGDIRECTORYPATH             os.mkdirself.LOGDIRECTORYPATH             file  openself.LOGFILENAME, a         else             print Directory , self.LOGDIRECTORYPATH, already exists  if name  main     server  ThreadedServerremoteServer, port  12345     server.start codepre
Negative 110 pObviously I am doing something wrong, just not sure what... I have a modal popup and inside of that is an Update Panel which in turn contains a gridview. When the modal popup is first called I would like to refresh the UpdatePanel and grid data.p  pI have the code working so that the panel is updated when a button is pressed btnHiddenJSRefresh currently not hidden. But I can not get this to work without having to press the buttonp  pIve tried clicking the button via Jquery lt btnHiddenJSRefresh.ClientID .click And I can see it gets called, but there is no reaction on the page.  Same with doPostBacklt btnHiddenJSRefresh.ClientID , p  pAlso and this may be unrelated the delete option in the gridview does not work here. Outside of the UpdatePanel it works fine... p  pHeres the code, Ive tried to reduce it down to the main area of issuep  precodeltajaxactmodalpopupextender idModalPopupExtender1 runatserver cancelcontrolidClosePopup okcontrolidClosePopup targetcontrolidhidenSelectedDoc popupcontrolidTHolder popupdraghandlecontrolidPopupHeader dragtrue BehaviorIDMPE Y0 backgroundcssclassModalPopupBGgt codepre  pp  precodeltdiv classsModalPopup idTHolder gt     lta idClosePopup hrefgtCloseltagt     ltaspButton IDbtnHiddenJSRefresh runatserver TextButton UseSubmitBehaviorfalse OnClickbtnAddTagClick gt      ltaspUpdatePanel IDUpdatePanel2 runatserver ChildrenAsTriggersfalse UpdateModeConditional OnLoadUpdatePanel2Load gt          ltContentTemplategt                 ltaspGridView IDgvPageTags runatserver AutoGenerateColumnsFalse DataSourceIDSqlDataSourcePageTags  CssClassTableDataHolder DataKeyNamesCarID gt                         ltColumnsgt                             ltaspBoundField DataFieldFullName HeaderTextFull Name SortExpressionFullName gt                                                            ltaspTemplateField HeaderTextDeletegt                                 ltItemTemplategt                                                                                    ltaspImageButton IDdeleteButtonImg runatserver CommandNameDelete TextDelete OnClientClickreturn confirmAre you sure you want to delete this car ImageUrlimagesiconsDeleteIconS.png AlternateTextDelete gt                                 ltItemTemplategt                             ltaspTemplateFieldgt                         ltColumnsgt                                                  ltaspGridViewgt         ltContentTemplategt     ltaspUpdatePanelgt      ltaspSqlDataSource IDSqlDataSourcePageTags runatserver                     ConnectionStringlt ConnectionStringsbobConnectionString gt                     SelectCommandSELECT  FROM Cars WHERE cMake  cMake                     DeleteCommandDELETE  FROM Cars WHERE CarID  CarIDgt                                            ltSelectParametersgt                         ltaspParameter NamecMake DefaultValue0 Typeint32 gt                     ltSelectParametersgt                 ltaspSqlDataSourcegt      ltdivgt            codepre  pCode behindp  precodeprotected void btnAddCarClickobject sender, EventArgs e              SqlDataSourcePageTags.SelectParameters[cMake].DefaultValue  hidenSelectedcMake.Value         SqlDataSourcePageTags.DataBind         gvPageTags.DataBind         UpdatePanel2.Update      codepre  pAny ideas would be great.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pCaused by java.awt.print.PrinterException No print service found. at sun.print.RasterPrinterJob.printRasterPrinterJob.java1305 at sun.print.RasterPrinterJob.printRasterPrinterJob.java1277 at net.sf.jasperreports.engine.print.JRPrinterAWT.printPagesJRPrinterAWT.java205p  pError getting when trying to print emJasperReportsem report from emJavaem codep  pBelow is code I tried, it works in some OS but problem in window7p  precode try      String report  args[0]     String printText  args[1]     String expiryDate  args[2]     String printerName  args[3]      HashMap hm  new HashMap     hm.putprintText, printText     hm.putexpiryDate, expiryDate      InputStream templateAsStream  ClassLoader.getSystemResourceAsStreamreport      System.out.println n compile report     JasperReport jasperReport  JasperCompileManager.compileReporttemplateAsStream       submit parameters      Map parameters  new HashMap     parameters.putparam1, jasper report ...     parameters.putparam2, ...rules      System.out.printlnfill the compiled template      JasperPrint jp  JasperFillManager.fillReportjasperReport, hm, new JREmptyDataSource      System.out.printlnn Page Count  jp.getPages.size      PrintRequestAttributeSet printRequestAttributeSet  new HashPrintRequestAttributeSet     PrintServiceAttributeSet printServiceAttributeSet  new HashPrintServiceAttributeSet      printServiceAttributeSet.addnew PrinterNameprinterName, null     printRequestAttributeSet.addnew Copies1      JRPrintServiceExporter exporter  new JRPrintServiceExporter      exporter.setParameterJRExporterParameter.JASPERPRINT, jp     exporter.setParameterJRPrintServiceExporterParameter.PRINTREQUESTATTRIBUTESET, printRequestAttributeSet     exporter.setParameterJRPrintServiceExporterParameter.PRINTSERVICEATTRIBUTESET, printServiceAttributeSet     exporter.setParameterJRPrintServiceExporterParameter.DISPLAYPAGEDIALOG, Boolean.FALSE     exporter.setParameterJRPrintServiceExporterParameter.DISPLAYPRINTDIALOG, Boolean.FALSE      System.out.printlnexport to printer      JasperPrintManager.printReportjp, false  catch Exception ex      ex.printStackTraceSystem.out     System.out.printlnDied  codepre
Negative 110 pI am new to codePHPcode web development. I want to know is there any code in PHP that redirect me to a pagelets name it myerrorpage.php if there is some error in the pagep  pIn codeJSPcode its possible using the following codep  precodelt page errorPagemyerrorpage.jsp gt codepre  pI want to know is there any above codeJSPcode type of code in phpis yes then please help brAny help is appreciated..p
Negative 110 pIve got this query here which uses denserank to number groups in order to select the first group only. It is working but its slow and tempdb SQL server becomes so big that the disk is filled up. Is it normal for denserank that its such a heavy operation And how else should this be done then without resorting to codingp  precodeselect a,b,c,d from     select a,b,c,d,     denserank over order by s.[time] desc as gn     from [Order] o      JOIN Scan s ON s.OrderId  o.OrderId      JOIN PriceDetail p ON p.ScanId  s.ScanId as p where p.OrderNumber  OrderNumber and p.Number  Number and p.Time gt getdate  20 and p.gn  1 group by a,b,c,d,p.gn codepre
Negative 110 pMy application uses Entity Framework 6.1.0 and codeDbContextcode API.p  pIts a some kind of CAD system, and it is intended to edit some engineering documents. To detect the fact of changes in the document, Im using codeDbContext.ChangeTracker.HasChangescode. p  pWhen document has large amount of data approximately 2025 thousands of entities, codeDbContext.ChangeTracker.HasChangescode is running strongvery slowstrong. Since this code is used to enabledisable Save command, it executes rather frequently from UI thread. This, in turn, hits application performance.p  pIve rewritten this fragmentp  precode    private LazyltDbContextgt context      public bool HasChanges              get                      if context.IsValueCreated                              return false                           return context.Value.ChangeTracker.HasChanges               codepre  pto this onep  precode    public bool HasChanges              get                      if context.IsValueCreated                              return false                           var objectStateManager  IObjectContextAdaptercontext.Value.ObjectContext.ObjectStateManager              return                 objectStateManager.GetObjectStateEntriesEntityState.Added.Any                  objectStateManager.GetObjectStateEntriesEntityState.Deleted.Any                  objectStateManager.GetObjectStateEntriesEntityState.Modified.Any               codepre  pand its a miracle everything works extremely fast.p  pLooks like codeDbChangeTracker.HasChangescode implementation isnt optimal. Am I missing somethingp
Negative 110 pWhen I run this Bash scriptp  precodebinbash  cd srvhttp unset GITDIR  git commit am design changes git push u origin master git checkout dev git merge master git commit am design changes git checkout master codepre  pthrough the command line, I get this outputp  precode[master 914422f] design changes  1 file changed, 17 deletions Counting objects 3, done. Delta compression using up to 2 threads. Compressing objects 100 33, done. Writing objects 100 33, 334 bytes  0 bytess, done. Total 3 delta 2, reused 0 delta 0 To httpsblahbitbucket.orgblahblah.git    562207f..914422f  master gt master Branch master set up to track remote branch master from origin. Switched to branch dev Updating 562207f..914422f Fastforward  savedesign  17   1 file changed, 17 deletions On branch dev nothing to commit, working directory clean Switched to branch master Your branch is uptodate with originmaster. codepre  pbut when I run it through Python usingp  precodesubprocess.checkoutput.savedesign, shellTrue codepre  pI get this outputp  precodeM   savedesign Already uptodate. M   savedesign Your branch is uptodate with originmaster. codepre  pWhy does this happenp
Negative 110 pIm using twitter search api a hrefhttpsdev.twitter.comdocsapi1.1getsearchtweets relnofollowhttpsdev.twitter.comdocsapi1.1getsearchtweetsa to fetch popular tweets and the result contains screenname hashtag and links....., so how to construct api to return tweets without screenname and I tried to use filterscreenname to exclude, but its not working.p  pThanks.p
Negative 110 precode voidviewDidLoad      NSLogs, func      ...  codepre  pin codeviewDidLoadcode of an iOS 8 emextensionem. the  codeNSLogcode outputs nothing in Xcode. codeNSLogcode works as usual in the container app though.p  pHow can I get output from debug messages from an extensionp
Negative 110 pI have a whitelist.csv file with data like following.p  precodeIP Name 66.249.72.105 GOOGLE 66.249.72.111 GOOGLE 157.55.32.103 MSN codepre  pAnd I have a large pandas codeDataFramecode DF with data.p  precodeIP            UserAgent                                           Name 157.55.32.100 msnbotmedia1.1 httpsearch.msn.commsnbot.htm MSN 66.249.72.111 Mozilla5.0 compatible Googlebot2.1 httpwww.google.combot.html GOOGLE 173.0.53.160 Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 5.1 rv21.0 Gecko20100101 Firefox21.0 VIRPUS codepre  pWhat Im trying is to find who are in the whitelist from DF. So I need to check IP and Name. But if the Name is in DF and IP is not in Whitelist I need to add it to whitelist. p  precodeDF2  if IPampName or Name is in whitelist     If only name is in whitelist but not IP add it in to whitelist.csv. codepre  pFor exmple in the given DataFrame strongMSNstrong is there but strong157.55.32.100strong is not in whitelist.csv. So I need to add it. Resulting strongDF2strong should be something likep  precode    IP            UserAgent                                           Name 157.55.32.100 msnbotmedia1.1 httpsearch.msn.commsnbot.htm MSN 66.249.72.111 Mozilla5.0 compatible Googlebot2.1 httpwww.google.combot.html GOOGLE codepre  pI tried merging but how to add the IPs not available in Whitelist. Any help is appreciated. p
Negative 110 pI have a simple Cell class p  precodepublic class MyCell implements AbstractCellltMyDtogt   ...      Override     public void rendercom.google.gwt.cell.client.Cell.Context context,         MyDto value, SafeHtmlBuilder sb         codepre  pstrongHow can I listen to an MGWT TapEvent to such a cellstrong p  pEdit I do not want to use the CellList provided by MGWT I need to use the CellList from GWT because this enables me to use a data provider.p  pMay be a touch delegate can be linked to the Cellp
Negative 110 pIm having an issue.p  pI try to send an activation link when the user signs up but the mail class keeps giving me this errorp  precodeerrortypeErrorException,messagejsonencode Invalid UTF8 sequence in argument,fileCBitNamiwampstack5.4.250apache2htdocszplusvendorfilpwhoopssrcWhoopsHandlerJsonResponseHandler.php,line106 codepre  pI changed the variables codemessagecode, codesubjectcode, and even the email codeemailcode.Nothing works and I cannot solve the problem.p  pIf I remove the mail function, then there are no problems.p  pstrongController codestrongp  precodeemail  Inputgetemail  Mailqueueemails.auth.activate, arrayactivationcode gt activationcode, functionmessage use email      messagegttoemail, ZLgtsubjecttransglobal.useractivation   AuthloginUsingIdthisgtusergtid  data  arraystatus gt success, redirect gt URLto  return Responsejsondata codepre  pCould please someone help me outp
Negative 110 pIm having trouble getting a UIView UIButton to animate in Swift. Can anyone help Here is my code. Im mainly having trouble with the method [UIView.beginAnimations]. It requires me to pass in a String and a CMutableVoidPointer. This currently crashes. Thanksp  precode    var newCenterCGPoint  CGPointMakeplayAgainButton.center.x, playAgainButton.center.y  200     [UIView.beginAnimationsnil, context nil]     [UIView.setAnimationDuration1.0]     playAgainButton.center  newCenter     [UIView.commitAnimations] codepre
Negative 110 pIn my app I want to hide the statusbar. How do I do this between API 8 and API 19p  precodeltusessdk         androidminSdkVersion8         androidtargetSdkVersion19 gt codepre
Negative 110 pwhen i try to run an application ive created using VS2012 it gives me an Error while trying to run project Could not load file or assembly.p  pAnd ive try to look on the vs log fuslogvw. This log report was given to me. I really dont know whats wrong on my VS2012.p  hr  precodeThe operation failed. Bind result hr  0x80131018. No description available.  Assembly manager loaded from  CWindowsMicrosoft.NETFrameworkv4.0.30319clr.dll Running under executable  CUsersacerdocumentsvisual studio 2012ProjectsWindowsFormsApplication3WindowsFormsApplication3binDebugWindowsFormsApplication3.vshost.exe  A detailed error log follows.    Prebind state information  LOG User  TARDISacer LOG DisplayName  WindowsFormsApplication3  Partial WRN Partial binding information was supplied for an assembly WRN Assembly Name WindowsFormsApplication3  Domain ID 1 WRN A partial bind occurs when only part of the assembly display name is provided. WRN This might result in the binder loading an incorrect assembly. WRN It is recommended to provide a fully specified textual identity for the assembly, WRN that consists of the simple name, version, culture, and public key token. WRN See whitepaper httpgo.microsoft.comfwlinkLinkId109270 for more information and common solutions to this issue. LOG Appbase  fileCUsersacerdocumentsvisual studio 2012ProjectsWindowsFormsApplication3WindowsFormsApplication3binDebug LOG Initial PrivatePath  NULL LOG Dynamic Base  NULL LOG Cache Base  NULL LOG AppName  WindowsFormsApplication3.vshost.exe Calling assembly  Microsoft.VisualStudio.HostingProcess.Utilities, Version11.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3a.  LOG This bind starts in default load context. LOG Using application configuration file CUsersacerdocumentsvisual studio 2012ProjectsWindowsFormsApplication3WindowsFormsApplication3binDebugWindowsFormsApplication3.vshost.exe.Config LOG Using host configuration file  LOG Using machine configuration file from CWindowsMicrosoft.NETFrameworkv4.0.30319configmachine.config. LOG Policy not being applied to reference at this time private, custom, partial, or locationbased assembly bind. LOG Attempting download of new URL fileCUsersacerdocumentsvisual studio 2012ProjectsWindowsFormsApplication3WindowsFormsApplication3binDebugWindowsFormsApplication3.DLL. LOG Attempting download of new URL fileCUsersacerdocumentsvisual studio 2012ProjectsWindowsFormsApplication3WindowsFormsApplication3binDebugWindowsFormsApplication3WindowsFormsApplication3.DLL. LOG Attempting download of new URL fileCUsersacerdocumentsvisual studio 2012ProjectsWindowsFormsApplication3WindowsFormsApplication3binDebugWindowsFormsApplication3.EXE. LOG Assembly download was successful. Attempting setup of file CUsersacerdocumentsvisual studio 2012ProjectsWindowsFormsApplication3WindowsFormsApplication3binDebugWindowsFormsApplication3.exe LOG Entering runfromsource setup phase. ERR Error extracting manifest import from file hr  0x80131018. ERR Runfromsource setup phase failed with hr  0x80131018. ERR Failed to complete setup of assembly hr  0x80131018. Probing terminated. codepre
Negative 110 pSo Im using PythonPymongo though this question could apply in any language and I have a list of emails in Python, codeemails[email1example.com,email2example.com,...]code and I have a collection in MongoDB with a bunch of documents. Each document in MongoDB has an codeemailcode field.  What is the most efficient and elegant way to filter the Python list, so when Im done it only contains emails which are present in one of the codeemailcode fields in MongoDBp  pINPUT codeemails[email1example.com,email2example.com,...]codep  pOUTPUT codefilteredEmails[ ltsublist of emails with only elements present in MongoDBcodep
Negative 110 pI get the following error in codeEclipse Lunacode using the latest codeHibernatetoolscode to attempt to reverse engineer my tables into Hibernate objects. Im using codeJDK 8code to run codeEclipse, 1.8code as my compliance levels and Ive tried 1.7 and still the same error. I tried just removing all jars from my project codeclasspathcode and same error. IT has something to do with the plugin I suspect. Does anyone know of a hack or quickfix p  precodeorg.hibernate.console.HibernateConsoleRuntimeException Received a NoClassDefFoundError, probably the console configuration classpath is incomplete or contains conflicting versions of the same class Received a NoClassDefFoundError, probably the console configuration classpath is incomplete or contains conflicting versions of the same class java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError Could not initialize class org.hibernate.cfg.reveng.OverrideRepository Could not initialize class org.hibernate.cfg.reveng.OverrideRepository java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError Could not initialize class   org.hibernate.cfg.reveng.OverrideRepository Could not initialize class org.hibernate.cfg.reveng.OverrideRepository codepre
Negative 110 pI assume that we all using the same source a hrefhttpsallseenalliance.orgdeveloperresourcesalljoyndocsdownloadsandroid relnofollowfrom the original website.ap  pAlljoyn Library  Samples  Android  SimpleServices SimpleInterfacep  pFrom your understanding, what is the proper way to implement alljoyn library into our android development code.p  pIf lets say, we want to use 1 layout activity that do the following worksp  ol liBroadcast its device nameli liDiscover other device nameli ol  pShould we put use both Interfaces just like the example into our one single Activity Or perhaps, youve your better solutions Please share it....p
Negative 110 pIm a little confused about accessing specific addresses using c style pointers.p  pI have a 32 bit chip which Im tryin to program. I need to flip some bits or whatever in ram. The following solution works fine.p  precodeuint32 strbase  0x00168380 volatile uint32 ram  uint320x03000000   ram[strbase0x484]  0x10000000  ram[strbase0x4c4]  0x10000000  ram[strbase0x504]  0x10000000  ram[strbase0x544]  0x10000000  ram[strbase0x584]  0x10000000  ram[strbase0x5c4]  0x10000000  ram  strbase0x604 codepre  pHowever, Im a bit confused. I tried writing a few different subroutines that I thought was equivalent but didnt work. This following method only kinda works.p  precodeuint32 strbase  0x00168380 volatile uint32 ram  uint320x03000000  uint320x03000000  0x001683c8  0x10000000  uint320x03000000  0x001683CC  0x10000000  uint320x03000000  0x001683D0  0x10000000  uint320x03000000  0x001683D4  0x10000000  uint320x03000000  0x001683D8  0x10000000  uint320x03000000  0x001683DC  0x10000000  ram  strbase0x604  codepre  pThis following method doesnt work at all.p  precodeuint32 strbase  0x00168380 volatile uint32 ram  uint320x03000000   ram  strbase0x48   ram  0x10000000   ram  0x10000000   ram  0x10000000   ram  0x10000000   ram  0x10000000   ram  0x10000000  codepre  pIve been stewing on this for a while. I think it might be the compiler doing some kinda optimization. Hopefully one of you guys can explain to me whats wrong or point me to resources to figure this one out.p
Negative 110 pI have a CentOS server in AWS Amazon. They gave me a key, but since its in my computer, I would like to make the server ask for a password too.p  pHow can I do itp
Negative 110 pI am trying to read an RSS feed from a hrefhttpbackend.deviantart.comrss.xmlqgallery3aduster13223316533amptypedeviation relnofollowhttpbackend.deviantart.comrss.xmlqgalleryduster13223316533amptypedeviationa with the following codep  precode        Different RSS Links         string deviantrsslink  httpbackend.deviantart.comrss.xmlqgalleryduster13223316533amptypedeviation         string blogspotrsslink  httpfightpunch.blogspot.comfeedspostsdefault          Reading the links         XmlReader reader  XmlReader.Createdeviantrsslink LINE WHERE ERROR OCCURS         SyndicationFeed feed  SyndicationFeed.Loadreader         reader.Close         foreach SyndicationItem item in feed.Items                      String subject  item.Title.Text             Console.WriteLineSubjext is   subject  n          codepre  p...and I get the errorp  precodeThe underlying connection was closed The connection was closed unexpectedly. codepre  pAt first I thought deviantart might be blocking my IP so I tried this from different computers with differing IPs however the error persists, so it seems that is not the issue.  To make things more difficult to track, the code works with no error at a hrefhttpfightpunch.blogspot.comfeedspostsdefault relnofollowhttpfightpunch.blogspot.comfeedspostsdefaulta.p  pWhat should I try to fix thisp
Negative 110 pAs a beginner on c with previous experience with C I wanted to recreate a serial communication program I did before which communicates with a Arduino. But before I can even begin, im having problems using the namespace SystemIOPorts, the only thing that pops up on visual studio 2013 is SystemIOIsolatedStorage. Any solutions to this Thank you very muchp
Negative 110 pIm trying to write a MapReduce job that parses a CSV file, store data in HBase and do a reduce function in one go. Ideally I would likep  ol liMapper output good records to HBase Table GOODli liMapper output bad records to HBase Table BADli liMapper send all the good data to a reducer using a keyli liWould also like to update a third table indicating presence of new data. This table will have basic info about data and date. Most probably one or two records per CSV file.li ol  pI know how to do 1 and 2 using HBase codeMultiTableOutputFormatcode, but unsure how to do 3 and 4.p  pAny pointers on how to do this is much appreciated.p  pIve a few thoughts on how to do thisp  pFor 1 and 2 I would have codeImmutableBytesWriteablecode as key and codeMultiTableOutputFormatcode takes care of storing from Mapper. But for 3 I would like the key to be Text.p  pFor 4, should I do this in the Mapper byp  ol liScanning third HBase table for entry, if not there populate otherwise skip. I dont like this since it feels very inefficient.li liOR should I maintain a List in Mapper and write to HBase in Mappper cleanup methodli liIs there a better a way to do thisli ol
Negative 110 pIf I have the following listp  precodevowels  [a,e,i,o,u] codepre  pand another listp  precodewords  [happiness, yellow] codepre  phow do I count the number of vowels in each word, i.e. happiness  3, yellow2p
Negative 110 pWhen building part1 of the tutorial on CentOS 6.5,java version 1.7.051 I get Gradle errorp  pstrongemYou cant change configuration providedCompile because it is already resolvedemstrongp  p[localhost part1] gradle clean jarp  pFAILURE Build failed with an exception.p  ul lipWhere Build file hometestwksCascadingJavaImpatientpart1build.gradle line 43pli lipWhat went wrong A problem occurred evaluating project part1.p  blockquote   pYou cant change configuration providedCompile because it is already resolvedp blockquoteli lipTry Run with stacktrace option to get the stack trace. Run with info or debug option to get more log output.pli ul  pBUILD FAILEDp  pWhat may be wrong Thanksp
Negative 110 pI am having issues passing data parameters from a classic asp application to a .NET Web API.  It seems that no matter what I do I cannot access the parameter inside the .NET web API.  I have included the code I am using belowp  pThe Classic ASP codep  precodePublic Function GetResponse HTTPMethod, ReqURL, QueryParamsOrArgs      Set XMLHTTP  Server.CreateObjectMSXML2.ServerXMLHTTP      If HTTPMethod  GET Then         ReqURL  ReqURL amp  amp QueryParamsOrArgs         QueryParamsOrArgs       End If      XMLHTTP.open HTTPMethod , ReqURL, false     XMLHTTP.setRequestHeader ContentType, applicationxwwwformurlencoded     XMLHTTP.setRequestHeader AuthToken, ServiceUrlAuthToken     XMLHTTP.sendQueryParamsOrArgs      If XMLHTTP.Status  200 Then         GetResponse  XMLHTTP.responseText     Else         GetResponse       End If  End Function  Public Function TestPOSTurl      mydata  value11ampvalue22ampvalue33     TestPOST  GetResponsePOST, url, mydata  End Function codepre  pIn the calling ASP pagep  precodedim oDataUtils   Set oDataUtils  New DataUtils myResponse  oDataUtils.TestPostServiceUrlBase amp EventDataPost codepre  pThe .NET Web API Action Methodp  precode[HttpPost]     public HttpResponseMessage Post[FromBody]string value              StringContent sc  new StringContentvalue         sc.Headers.ContentType  new MediaTypeHeaderValueapplicationjson         HttpResponseMessage resp  new HttpResponseMessage         resp.Content  sc         return resp      codepre  pNo matter what I send, the value of the parameter value inside the api method is always null. Ultimately I would love to be able to send an entire dictionary or parameters to this method, but cannot even get the most simple component a string to pass in.  What am I missing herep  pMy ultimate goal would be for something like this to workp  precode[HttpPost]     public HttpResponseMessage PostDictionaryltstring, objectgt data               Do something with the dictionary and then return a response...         StringContent sc  new StringContenttest         sc.Headers.ContentType  new MediaTypeHeaderValueapplicationjson         HttpResponseMessage resp  new HttpResponseMessage         resp.Content  sc         return resp      codepre  pbut I will take either option at this point...p
Negative 110 pIn each uitableview cell, theres a button, and a uilabel, such as following codep  precodeListCell cell  [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierCellIdentifier] if cell  nil      cell  [[ListCell alloc] initWithStyleUITableViewCellStyleDefault reuseIdentifierCellIdentifier]    [cell.UIButton addTargetself actionselectorButtonClicked forControlEventsUIControlEventTouchUpInside] cell.UIButton.tag  indexPath.row cell.UILabel.text  0 codepre  pI want this, when I click the button, the uilabel.text at the same cell with the uibutton will add one, I click again, the uilabel.text will add one more, something like vote.p  precode IBActionButtonClickedUIButton sender    NSInteger selectedRow  sender.tag  codepre  pso how can I change the uilabels text thanks.p
Negative 110 pI want to add a file to a signed mac app without damaging its signature. How do I do thatp  pBasically, I have a signed mac app that can be downloaded from my website. I want to add a few parametersin a new file say userdata.txt to my app which is relevant to the userslike hisher email address when it is downloaded each time. How do I do that without damaging the signaturep
Negative 110 pI have an Index view where I would like show a list of news article, the emTextem property is a string which contains a codehtmlcode string coming from a codehtmlcode editor now the codehtmlcode content could be really long, so I would like show only the first codeltpgtcode element. I am doing thatp  precodepublic ActionResult Index            var articles  db.Articles.ToList.Selecta gt newTitle  a.Title,                                                            Tags  a.Tags,                                                            Id  a.Id,                                                           Text  System.Xml.Linq.XDocument.Parsea.Text.Descendantsp.FirstOrDefault                                                           .ToList        return Viewarticles      codepre  pBut in the codehtmlcode string there is not a strongroot nodestrong, so the codeLinqcode query fall in exception, How I can manage this casep  pThanks in advance for any suggestionp
Negative 110 pI have a basic login page, that accepts the username and password, and redirects to a login servlet to authenticate the details. p  pI also have a filter that captures any requests coming to the login servlet, creates a new object that has the incoming request object as one of its parameters and passes it on.p  pI have changed the parameters in the doPost method to reflect the new objects it should receive. I have also reflected the changes in the service method. p  pHowever, Im still getting an error that HTTP Status 405  HTTP method POST is not supported by this URL.p  pCould you please help me outp
Negative 110 pI am having a issue with a morphOne relationship eloquent in Laravel  where it is creating new entries rather than updating the one that existsp  pI have a app with polymorphic relationships, everything is working ok except when I update a relationship it seems to add a new entry rather that creating or editing one as I would expect.p  pBasically I have a number of models  lets say person and building that both need a location, so I have created a location modelp  pclass Location extends Eloquent p  precode  public function locationable      return thisgtmorphTo  codepre  pp  pthe in my other eg building and person models is havep  p Person Model em     em       Get the persons location              return Location      p  precode  public function location      return thisgtmorphOneLocation, locationable  codepre  p Building Model em     em       Get the buildings location              return Location      p  precode  public function location      return thisgtmorphOneLocation, locationable  codepre  pWhen I run the follow test code, it creates the location entry all fine, but if I repeat it, it creates more entiresp  precodeperson  Personfirst  loc  new  Location  locgtlat  123 locgtlng  321  persongtlocationgtsaveloc codepre  pAm I doing something wrong here  I would have expected morphOne to constrain this to one entry per type iep  precode   locationableid       locationabletype          2                    Building                   3                    Building                   2                    Person                     2                    Building                  codepre  p Thanks in advance,p  pKeithp
Negative 110 pI have the following CSS in my .css.scss filep  precode.formrow    margin 10px 10px 5px 10px   input[typetext]      .singleline        height 25px       width 100       padding 0 5px          height 125px     width 100     padding 0 5px     codepre  pSo I want the height to be 125px unless class is singlelinep  pI have the following htmlp  precodeltdiv classformrowgt   ltlabel forusernamegtNameltlabelgt   ltinput classsingleline placeholderEnter name here typetext gt ltdivgt codepre  pHowever, the input text field is displayed with 125px height, not 25px which is what I want.p  pHow do I make this workp
Negative 110 pIm a bit new at curl and xpath so still learning the ins and outs. I have written a scraper but when i try to show the scraped data via an array, nothing shows up. So what is wrong with my codep  precodeltphp  inisetdisplayerrors, 1 errorreporting1 errorreportingEERROR libxmluseinternalerrorstrue  Basic Function function geturlcontentsurl, timeout  10, userAgent  Mozilla5.0Macintosh U Intel Mac OS X 1058 enUSAppleWebKit534.10 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome8.0.552.215 Safari534.10     rawhtml  curlinithandler     curlsetoptrawhtml, CURLOPTURL,urlurl     curlsetoptrawhtml, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, 1return result as string rahter than direct output     curlsetoptrawhtml, CURLOPTCONNECTTIMEOUT,timeoutset timeout     curlsetoptrawhtml, CURLOPTUSERAGENT,userAgentset user agent     output  curlexecrawhtmlexecute curl call     curlcloserawhtmlclose connection      ifoutput         return 1if nothing obtained, return 1          return output   get raw html htmlstring  geturlcontentshttpwww.beursgorilla.nlfondsinformatie.aspnaamAegonampcatkoersenampsubcat1ampinstrumentcode955000020url here load HTML into DOM object ref httpwww.php.netmanualendomdocument.loadhtml.php note html does not have to be well fpr,ed with this function  domobject  new DOMDocument domobjectgtloadHTMLhtmlstring  perform Xpath queries on DOM ref httpwww.php.netmanualendomxpath.query.php  xpath  new DOMXPathdomobject  perform Xpath query use any specfic property to narrow focus  nodes  xpathgtquerytable[classmaintable]tbodytr[4]td[2]table[classkoersentabel]tbodytr[2]td[classkoersentabelmidden]  setup some basic variables  i  1 i  counter  when process nodes as below, cycling trough but not grabbing data from the header row of the table  result  array  preform xpath subqueries to get numbers  foreachnodes as node     i     using each node as the limit for the new xpath to search within     make queries relative by starting them with a dot e.g. ....      details  xpathgtquerytable[3]tbodytrtd[1]table[classfondsinfokoersenlinks]tbodytr[1]td[2], node     foreachdetails as detail         result[i][]  detailgtnodeValue           details  xpathgtquerytable[3]tbodytrtd[1]table[classfondsinfokoersenlinks]tbodytr[4]td[2], node     foreachdetails as detail          result[i][]  detailgtnodeValue           ifcurlerrnorawhtml         echo Curl error  . curlerrorrawhtml          printltpregt            printrresult         print ltpregt        gt codepre  pI have checked the xpath querys via Chromes element inspector and they seem to be correct. I really dont know what is wrong with the code.p
Negative 110 pWhen do ProcessRequest method called p  pI am having a hard time why ,what and how the process request is called why it is called and how it was called by the servlet container.p
Negative 110 pI need to parse html pages. As far as I know BeautifulSoap is most popular library for parsing html pages in Python. How about Haskell I found a few of them such as tagsoup, httpconduit and xmlconduit, a hrefhttphackage.haskell.orgpackagehxt relnofollowHXTa  And Im hesitating which one to choose. Your suggestionsp
Negative 110 pNeed to invoke onclick method from child element of div tag which has no ID or name . in my website there are lot of div tags. I want to traverse to particular div tag which has class name and gets its child element a tag which also does have id and invoke onclick method contained in it. HTML p    New incident  pI used web browser controls in c but could not able to access that a tag and invoke the method since lot of div tags are there.  PS No htmlagilitypack. Its a secure environment I cant download those pack.p
Negative 110 pI have a static const variable of a stdvector as suchp  precodestdvectorltstdpairltGUID, stdarrayltdouble, 13gtgtgt codepre  pIve also triedvectors in theory take less memoryp  precodestdunorderedmapltGUID, stdarrayltdouble, 13gt, HashGUID gt stdmapltGUID, stdarrayltdouble, 13gt, GUIDComparer gt codepre  pI initialize it at the start of my program, with about 5400 items using the initializer list. I know that seems a bit large, but its nothing out of the ordinary. Its a tempintermediate solution.p  pHowever, it keeps throwingp  blockquote   p0xC00000FD Stack overflow parameters 0x00000000, 0x00052000.p blockquote  pIf I keep the list smaller then about 4000, it seems to work, but my full list of 5400, just doesnt. Any ideas why p  pstrongEDITstrongp  phere is how Im initializing 4000 or so of these lines work great. 5400, no gop  precodestatic const stdvectorltstdpairltGUID, stdarrayltdouble, 13gtgtgt engVals     0x58341899, 0x8844, 0x3333,  0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 11, 101, 1.50, 3.50, 225.0, 850.0, 125.0,0.55, 19, 175, 565, 1.2, 0.44,     0x67633448, 0x8103, 0x3333,  0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 11, 102, 1.50, 3.50, 475, 1300.0, 275.0, 0.55, 19, 175, 565, 1.2, 0.44,     0x94422980, 0x6497, 0x3333,  0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 0x04, 11, 103, 1.50, 3.50, 875.0, 1600.0, 500.0, 0.55, 19, 175, 565, 1.4, 0.51, ...  codepre  pstrongEDIT 2strong Forgot to specify.  Im using vs2013. This code is actually in a library compiled as a dll.p  pI need a initialization list because the above initialization will be generated by another app, so i need a oneliner way of initializing this container.p
Negative 110 pJust want to enquire what the right practice is.p  pMy preference is to use procs, simply because I think that defining methods inside of methhods is a bit untidy and should be done only when necessary. To get around it, I simply use procs.p  pWhat is the right  better way to do it and why apart from the procs ability to access the main methods variables defined before itselfp  precodedef meth paramsprime     calculations  dosomethingwithwhatever    def submeth paramssub      dosomethingwithparamssub   end    submethparamscalculations  is this better    proc1  proc paramssub dosomethingwithparamssub    proc1.callcalculations  or is this  end codepre
Negative 110 pI have some XAML that does binding of a model to the control that I am creating.  However, when the controls Loaded event fires, the binding hasnt completed, so I end up with a null Model.p  pIs there some way to guarantee that all Binding will be completed before the Loaded event fires on a controlp  pAs a workaround, I modified my code to create the control in the codebehind and set the Model when the parents Loaded event gets fired.p  pI would really like to be able to just trust that the Binding would occur before the Loaded event on the child control gets fired.p  pI have set the Mode of the binding to OneWay and the IsAsync to false.  Does anybody have any other suggestions or methods that would help in this situationp  pI dont necessarily need to use the Loaded event, but I need some way of knowing when the Model has been set by the Binding.  I need information from the model so that I can load additional information from our communications server to populate additional objects that are being displayed in the control.p  pThanks for your help.p
Negative 110 pi want to retrieve all contacts based on account in codesugarcrm rest api using C .netcodep  pi have tried p  precodejson  serializer.Serializenew                              session  sessionId,                 modulename  accounts,                 query  ,                 orderby  ,                 offset  0,                 selectfields  ,                 linknametofieldsarray  ,                 maxresults  2000,                 deleted  0                          values  new NameValueCollection             values[method]  getentrylist             values[inputtype]  json             values[responsetype]  json             values[restdata]  json              response  client.UploadValuessugarUrl, values             responseString  Encoding.Default.GetStringresponse              var accountsList  serializer.DeserializeltDictionaryltstring, dynamicgtgtresponseString codepre  pi am able to get all accounts and contacts but i am not getting relations between them i.e which contact belong to which accountp  pThanks for help in advance p  pUPDATE p  precodeobject[] linkNameToFieldsArray  new object[1]        new object[2, 2]                 name, contacts ,           value, new string[2]               id, lastname                   json  serializer.Serializenew                              session  sessionId,                 modulename  accounts,                 query  ,                 orderby  ,                 offset  0,                 selectfields  ,                 linknametofieldsarray  linkNameToFieldsArray , just added this to get related records                 maxresults  2000,                 deleted  0                          values  new NameValueCollection             values[method]  getentrylist             values[inputtype]  json             values[responsetype]  json             values[restdata]  json              response  client.UploadValuessugarUrl, values             responseString  Encoding.Default.GetStringresponse              var accountsList  serializer.DeserializeltDictionaryltstring, dynamicgtgtresponseString codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to display two buttons side by side in an RelativeLayout which is then added to a LinearLayout but the result is the two buttons on top of each other like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comFqJNa.png altenter image description herep  pHeres my codep  precodeDisplayMetrics displaymetrics  new DisplayMetrics         getActivity.getWindowManager.getDefaultDisplay.getMetricsdisplaymetrics         int height  displaymetrics.heightPixels         int width  displaymetrics.widthPixels           LinearLayout ll  LinearLayout getActivity.findViewByIdR.id.musiclayout         LayoutParams lp  new LayoutParamsLayoutParams.MATCHPARENT, LayoutParams.MATCHPARENT          lp.setMarginsGravity.CENTER, 10, Gravity.CENTER, 10          JSONObject[] jsons  new JSONObject[arrays.size]         arrays.toArrayjsons         Button [] play  new Button[jsons.length]         Button [] stop  new Button[jsons.length]         Button [] songname  new Button[jsons.length]          forint i 0 i lt jsons.length i             play[i]  new ButtongetActivity             stop[i]  new ButtongetActivity             songname[i]  new ButtongetActivity              String trackname error, url error             try                  trackname  jsons[i].getStringtrackname                 url  jsons[i].getStringtracklink              catch JSONException e                   TODO Autogenerated catch block                 e.printStackTrace                          songname[i].setTexttrackname             play[i].setTextPlay             stop[i].setTextStop              songname[i].setGravityGravity.LEFT             play[i].setGravityGravity.CENTER             stop[i].setGravityGravity.CENTER              songname[i].setTextColorgetActivity.getResources.getColorR.color.white             play[i].setTextColorgetActivity.getResources.getColorR.color.white             stop[i].setTextColorgetActivity.getResources.getColorR.color.white              songname[i].setBackgroundResourceR.drawable.buttonshape             play[i].setBackgroundResourceR.drawable.buttonshape             stop[i].setBackgroundResourceR.drawable.buttonshape              ll  LinearLayout getActivity.findViewByIdR.id.musiclayout              lp  new LayoutParamsLayoutParams.MATCHPARENT, LayoutParams.MATCHPARENT             lp.setMarginsGravity.CENTER, 10, Gravity.CENTER, 10             ll.addViewsongname[i], lp              RelativeLayout rl2  new RelativeLayoutgetActivity              RelativeLayout.LayoutParams lp2  new RelativeLayout.LayoutParams                     width2,                     RelativeLayout.LayoutParams.MATCHPARENT              lp2.addRuleRelativeLayout.LEFTOF, stop[i].getId             lp2.setMargins0, 5, Gravity.CENTER, 10             rl2.addViewplay[i], lp2              RelativeLayout.LayoutParams lp3  new RelativeLayout.LayoutParams                     width2,                     RelativeLayout.LayoutParams.MATCHPARENT             lp3.addRuleRelativeLayout.ALIGNRIGHT             lp3.setMargins0, 5, Gravity.CENTER, 10             rl2.addViewstop[i], lp3              ll.addViewrl2, lp                          codepre  pWhere am I going wrong pleasep
Negative 110 pI have a navbar with a user dropdown menu aligned right. When the user has a picture added, I would like to show a small thumbnail next to the users name. This is already done, however I think it is implemented in a flawed way.p  pWhen the viewport size shrinks, the image as it is now is put on the collapsed list of menu items at the bottom  which shouldnt happen. It should either disappear or stay with the users name.p  pAlso I would like to have the picture clickable and grouped with the user name.p  pI have made a test navbar of my code here a hrefhttpsnkhs.dknavbarnavbar.html relnofollowhttpsnkhs.dknavbarnavbar.htmlap  pCan you suggest a change to make this happenp  pRegards, Niels.p
Negative 110 pI use codeorg.springframework.data.mongodb.core.MongoTemplatecode to save data to codeMongoDBcode. My sample data is following beanp  precodepublic class SampleBean     private Date date     private ListltDategt  datesList     private TreeMapltDate, Integergt datesMap      setters and getters  codepre  pI am calling following instructions.p  precodeSampleBean bean  new SampleBean MongoTemplate mongo  new MongoTemplate  ListltDategt dateList  new ArrayListltDategt dateList.addnew Date TreeMapltDate,Integergt dateMap  new TreeMapltDate, Integergt dateMap.putnew Date, new Integer1  bean.setDatenew Date bean.setDateListdateList bean.setDateMapdateMap  mongo.savebean, SampleBean codepre  pAnd this is what i get in mongop  precode     id  ObjectId53d028eeb71a1523582b1b1c,     class  example.SampleBean,     date  ISODate20140723T212814.869Z,     datesList  [          ISODate20140723T212814.876Z     ],     datesMap           Wed Jul 23 232814 CEST 2014  1       codepre  pBecause of way its stored I am not able to load bean from codeMongoDBcode  I getp  precode Handler execution resulted in exception  forwarding to resolved error view org.springframework.core.convert.ConversionFailedException Failed to convert from type java.lang.String to type java.util.Date for value Wed Jul 23 232814 CEST 2014 nested exception is java.lang.IllegalArgumentException codepre  pstrongWhy Date from TreeMap is not stored as ISODatestrongp  pAm I doing anything wrongp
Negative 110 pI added a field to auth.Group model with the addtoclass method like said herep  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16407217addextrafieldstodjangotodjangoauthgroupsAdd extra Fields to Django to Django Auth Groupsap  pI added this in models.pyp  precodeGroup.addtoclasstype, models.CharFieldmaxlength100 codepre  pWhen I did that, it looks like the field has been added to the model class but not as a db field... So when I try to reach the admin page of Group, it says my new field does not exist. After some research it looks like adding field to auth.Group with this method is not really good as well.p  pWhat I want to do is delete the new field I added but I dont know how. From what I understand from this answerp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8249820deletefieldfromstandarddjangomodelDelete field from standard Django modelap  pI have to delete the field from the Model.meta.fields list but I dont know how. p
Negative 110 pUsing Java 8 stream what is strongthe best waystrong to map a codeListltIntegergtcode when you have no output for the input Integer p  pSimply return null But now my output list size will be smaller than my input size...p  precode    ListltIntegergt input  Arrays.asList0,1,2,3     ListltIntegergt output  input.stream                                 .mapi gt                                       Integer out  crazyFunctioni                                     ifout  null  out.equals0                                         return null                                     return Optional.ofout                                                                      .collectCollectors.toList codepre
Negative 110 pIm wondering if it would be possible, to use the XMLonclick attribtue to call another XMLcodeViewcode.p  pMeans if Im in a menu and click on the button Create new Drawing, shouldnt I be able to call just another XMLView to bring up more optionsp  pWhat I know is codeandroidonclickhellotherecode calls the method codepublic void hellothereView viewcode in the codeActivitycode to whom the view belongs, but why does it has to be used with code, instead that Id just call another XMLLayoutp  pExample codeandoridonclicknewpagecode codenewpage.xml openscodep
Negative 110 pI have a number code2014061200code and I am trying to extract the ones digit of this number code0code and set it to a variable codeSTRcode, so that codeSTRcode would equal code0code, because that is in the ones place of the above number.p  pI made a shell script showing the followingp  precodeNUM2014061200 STR NUM  tail c 2 echo STR codepre  pHowever when I do this I get a blank for codeSTRcode instead of the expected result of 0.  I mean when I type p  pcodeecho NUM  tail c 2code, I do get the output of 0, but how do I get this into a variablep  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI am able to export meshes created in Blender for use in SceneKit by using the COLLADA.dae format  however no textures show up on iOS device.p  pAlso, Preview on OS X wont open any COLLADA file exported from Blender  yet the sidebar preview emdoesem show the mesh. What are the options needed at export to make this workp
Negative 110 pI have a pair of largelong XML files that Im using nawk to break apart, so that I can work more easily with the pieces that are actually relevant to my project. The code I have is doing what I want, but its producing files that lack descriptive filenames, which makes it much more time consuming for me to identify which of the child XML files correspond to the data I want to work with.  Here is what I have nowp  pa hrefhttpyour.kingcounty.govelections2014augprimaryresultsPI.txt relnofollowFirst XML file sourceap  pCode thats splitting this file apartp  precodenawk  print gt kingresultNR1ii.txt  i1 PI.txt codepre  pa hrefhttpvote.wa.govresultscurrentexport20140805AllState.xml relnofollowSecond XML file sourceap  pCode thats splitting this file apartp  precodenawk v RSltResultsgt v FSltResultgt  forN1 NltNF N ifN  lt[] print FS N gt stateresult00C.xml  20140805AllState.xml codepre  pThe first XML file is being split on a linebyline basis the second is being split apart wherever nawk finds a new Result element. In both cases, however, the resulting filenames look like thisp  presult1.xml result2.xml result3.xmlp  p... and so on. p  pIt would save a lot of time if the filenames were more descriptive, and looked like thisp  presult1John.xml result2Jane.xml result3Jake.xmlp  pIn the case of the first file, it would be acceptable if only the first word of the line were incorporated into the filename.p  pIn the case of the second XML file, it would be ideal if the first word in the lt CandidateName  element could be added to the filename. How do I go about modifying my code to get nawk to create more descriptive filenames p
Negative 110 pI would like to log and than send to my server following informationp  pstrongPhone callsstrongp  ul lidate and time ul listart of callli liend of callli ulli licontact  phone numberli ul  pstrongMessages SMSstrongp  ul limessage textli lireceive date and timeli licontact  phone numberli ul
Negative 110 pBelow is my template snippet in which Windows Custom AMI is used to create the server. Here cfninit.exe is not getting executed even if I have given it in the userdata block. As a result no files are gettting created in my server. Please help.p  pThanks in Advance.p  precodeCMServer  TypeAWSEC2Instance, Metadata AWSCloudFormationInit                 config files ccfn                                     cfnhup.conf                                       content FnJoin[ ,[ mainn,stack,                                         RefAWSStackName,n,region,                                            RefAWSRegion,n,                                             interval1]],                   ccfnhooks.d                    cfnautoreloader.conf content                                 FnJoin[ ,[ cfnautoreloaderhookn,                                  triggerspost.updaten,                             pathResources.CMServer.Metadata.AWSCloudFormationInitn,                               actioncfninit.exe v s , RefAWSStackName,                                                           r CMServer,                               region ,                                                                   RefAWSRegion,n]],              CinetpubwwwrootAWSCMWebsiteAppConfig             ConnectionStrings.config              content               FnJoin[ ,[               ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gtn,              ltconnectionStringsgtn,              ltadd namecore connectionStringuser iduserpasswordData Source,          FnGetAtt ,           DatabaseCoreDbgtn, ltadd namemaster connectionStringuser iduserpasswordData Source,  FnGetAtt , DatabaseMasterDbgtn, ltadd nameweb connectionStringuser iduserpasswordData Source,  FnGetAtt , DatabaseWebdBgtn, ltconnectionStringsgt ] ] , mode  000644, owner  root, group  root  , services  windows  cfnhup  enabledtrue, ensureRunningtrue, files[  ccfn cfnhup.conf, ccfnhooks.d cfnautoreloader.conf ]      , Properties  ImageId  FnFindInMap[  AWSRegionArch2AMI,   RefAWSRegion , SitecoreCMAMI ] , SecurityGroupIds[    RefCMServerSecurityGroup  ], SubnetId  RefPrivateSubnet1 , InstanceType  RefCMInstanceType , KeyName  RefKeyName , UserData  FnBase64  FnJoin[  , [  ltscriptgtn, cfninit.exe v s ,   RefAWSStackName ,  r CMServer,  region ,   RefAWSRegion , n ltscriptgt ] ]  , Tags[ enter code here   KeyName, ValueCMServer  ]  , codepre
Negative 110 pIf a file called output already exists, rather than a directory, the script  should display an error and quit.p  phere is my code so farp  precodefor file in  do if [  f output ] then echo error exit 1 fi done codepre
Negative 110 pIm creating a temporary CSV filep  precodefor formname in formnamesFinal     csv  tempfile.NamedTemporaryFilew, prefixformname, suffix.csv, dir  vartmp csv.write.... codepre  pAnd Im writing something in it. Now I want to read this file with DictReaderp  precodecontent  csv.DictReadercsv, delimiter for contenthelp in content     contentlist.appendcontenthelp codepre  pBut Im receiving the following errorp  precodeAttributeError file object has no attribute DictReader codepre  pI have to step through the temp CSV files, because I have huge datasets to get from a database for the following steps and it would take too much time to load the data over and over.p
Negative 110 pA rails application server where homebrew is used, is getting the following console messages invoking org.thinkingsphinx.sphinx redactedp  precodeposixspawnusrlocalsphinxbinsearchd, ... no such file or directory Existed with exit code  1 Throttling respawn Will start in 10 seconds codepre  pSo this thing is looping every 10 seconds and  pointlessly generating these errors.p  psearchd does exist, and being installed via homebrew lies inp  precodeusrlocalCellarsphinx[sphinxversionnumber]bin codepre  pIdea where the problem gets generated and how to fixp
Negative 110 pi am trying to use shared preferences to store integer value but when app in closed or rotated it is again initiated to zero. i want to save that variable value even when my app in killed or closed i want to save variable named emalhamdulilahweekem ,heres my codep  precodepublic class FragTasbeeh extends Fragment         public static final String[] itemsAlhamdulilah,SubhanAllah,AllahuAkbar     ImageView ivIcon     Context context        TextView tvItemName        TextView mview        TextView wview       Button add,reset         int counter0 int allahuakbarweek,allahuakbarmonth,subhanallahweek,subhanallahmonth,alhamdulilahweek,alhamdulilahmonth         int month         int count,alhamdulilahcount,subhanallahcount,allahuakbarcount     Time tnew TimeTime.getCurrentTimezone      SharedPreferences share          public static final String IMAGERESOURCEID  iconResourceID       public static final String ITEMNAME  itemName       FragmentManager frggetFragmentManager       Fragment fragmentnull        public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,             Bundle savedInstanceState           View viewinflater.inflateR.layout.tasbeeh,container, false         ifsavedInstanceStatenull                      alhamdulilahcount0             alhamdulilahweek0             alhamdulilahmonth0                  else                       savedInstanceState.putIntalhamdulilahcount, alhamdulilahcount             savedInstanceState.putIntalhamdulilahweek, alhamdulilahweek             savedInstanceState.putIntalhamdulilahmonth, alhamdulilahmonth                   return view             Override     public void onActivityCreatedBundle savedInstanceState           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onActivityCreatedsavedInstanceState         sharegetActivity.getSharedPreferenceskey, 0   SharedPreferences.Editor editor share.edit         addButtongetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.button1         tvItemNameTextViewgetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.textView1         wviewTextViewgetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.textView2         mviewTextViewgetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.textView3          Spinner dropdown  SpinnergetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.spin          ArrayAdapterltStringgt adapter  new ArrayAdapterltStringgt this.getActivity,R.layout.actionbar,R.id.spintext, items         dropdown.setAdapteradapter         dropdown.setOnItemSelectedListenernew OnItemSelectedListener               Override             public void onItemSelectedAdapterViewltgt arg0, View arg1,                     int position, long arg3                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                 switchposition                  case 0                       tvItemName.setTextalhamdulilahcount                     mview.setTextalhamdulilahmonth                     wview.setTextalhamdulilahweek                 alhamdulilahcount                 break                 case 1                     tvItemName.setTextsubhanallahcount                     mview.setTextsubhanallahmonth                     wview.setTextsubhanallahweek                     subhanallahcount                     break                 case 2                     tvItemName.setTextallahuakbarcount                     mview.setTextallahuakbarmonth                     wview.setTextallahuakbarweek                     allahuakbarcount                     break                     default                         break                                             public void allahuakbarcount                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                 count0                 month0                 week0                 add  ButtongetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.button1                 reset  ButtongetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.button2                 reset.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                       Override                     public void onClickView v                           TODO Autogenerated method stub                         allahuakbarcount0                         tvItemName.setTextallahuakbarcount                                                        add.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                        Override                     public void onClickView v                           TODO Autogenerated method stub                          allahuakbarcount                 week                         month                         allahuakbarweek                         allahuakbarmonth                         tvItemName.setTextallahuakbarcount                         mview.setTextallahuakbarmonth                         wview.setTextallahuakbarweek                                                                  public void subhanallahcount                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                  count0                 add  ButtongetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.button1                 reset  ButtongetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.button2                 reset.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                       Override                     public void onClickView v                           TODO Autogenerated method stub                         subhanallahcount0                         tvItemName.setTextsubhanallahcount                                                        add.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                       Override                     public void onClickView v                           TODO Autogenerated method stub                         subhanallahcount                         weekweekcount                         monthmonthcount                         subhanallahweek                         subhanallahmonth                          tvItemName.setTextsubhanallahcount                         mview.setTextsubhanallahmonth                         wview.setTextsubhanallahweek                                                                    Override             public void onNothingSelectedAdapterViewltgt arg0                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                                          public  void alhamdulilahcount           TODO Autogenerated method stub         alhamdulilahcount0         add  ButtongetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.button1         reset  ButtongetActivity.findViewByIdR.id.button2         reset.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener               Override             public void onClickView v                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                 alhamdulilahcount0                 tvItemName.setTextalhamdulilahcount                                add.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener               Override             public void onClickView v                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                   alhamdulilahcount                 week                 month                 alhamdulilahweek                 alhamdulilahmonth                 SharedPreferences.Editor editorshare.edit                 editor.putIntvalue1, alhamdulilahweek                 editor.commit                 int countshare.getIntvalue1, 1                 tvItemName.setTextalhamdulilahcount                 mview.setTextalhamdulilahmonth                 wview.setTextcount                                      nonJavadoc       see android.app.FragmentonSaveInstanceStateandroid.os.Bundle           Override     public void onSaveInstanceStateBundle savedInstanceState           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onSaveInstanceStatesavedInstanceState         savedInstanceState.putIntalhamdulilahcount, alhamdulilahcount         savedInstanceState.putIntalhamdulilahweek, alhamdulilahweek         savedInstanceState.putIntalhamdulilahmonth, alhamdulilahmonth              codepre
Negative 110 pThis method takes a DataSet and serializes it to XML.p  precodeprivate XDocument GetXDocumentFromDataSetDataSet dataSet              using var memoryStream  new MemoryStream                      using var xmlTextWriter  new XmlTextWritermemoryStream, Encoding.UTF8 Formatting  Formatting.None                              dataSet.WriteXmlxmlTextWriter                 memoryStream.Position  0                 var xmlReader  XmlReader.CreatememoryStream                 xmlReader.MoveToContent                 return XDocument.LoadxmlReader                            codepre  pThe issue is that each string field has trailing whitespace.p  precodeltagt   ltbgtHello               ltbgt   ltcgtWorld               ltcgt ltagt codepre  pIts almost like the width of the column in the database is being used to fill the delta with whitespace.p  pHow do I fix this p
Negative 110 pHeres the thing  we have a C MFC Project including a ribbon. We managed to hide the Main Button. Now we want to do the same with the QAT because it wont be used  we have our own QAT category. Is this possible and howp
Negative 110 pI currently know of two methods to open and close excel workbooks to extract data from them to summarize in a single workbook.p  pThe first method is as followsp  precodeDim wbDataSheet As Workbook For FNum  LBoundMyFiles To UBoundMyFiles     Set wbDataSheet  Workbooks.OpenMyPath amp MyFilesFNum, 0, True       Capture data      wbDataSheet.Close False Next FNum codepre  pThe second is thisp  precodeDim XL As New Excel.Application For FNum  LBoundMyFiles To UBoundMyFiles     With XL         .Workbooks.Open FileNameMyPath amp MyFilesFNum, ReadOnlyTrue         .Visible  False     End With      Capture Data      XL.ActiveWorkbook.Close False Next FNum codepre  pMy dilemma is thisp  pMethod 1 is faster about .35 secondsfile for 1052 files but it explodes my task bar as it opens new workbooks making it near impossible to select a different excel workbook and for some reason my code can be easily broken by pressing shift more than once or holding it at all, forcing me to start the code over. p  pMethod 2 is noticeably slower about .56 secondsfile for 1052 files but since the excel application is hidden my taskbar remains usable and pressing shift doesnt break the code. p  pWhat I want to know is, is there a way to run method 1 without ruining my taskbar or having shift stop the code Alternatively, is there a way to speed up method two to speeds near method 1p  pNote I am already using the code below to optimize my speed and limiting vbaworkbook interaction. Besides the methods to access the workbooks, the rest of the code in each scenario is identical.p  precodeWith Application     .Calculation  xlCalculationManual     .ScreenUpdating  False     .EnableEvents  False     .DisplayAlerts  False End With codepre
Negative 110 pTrying to create a special button on the Tiny MCE editor on the Post Editor of Wordpress. I want to create a button for my created shortcode tooltips.p  pCheck out my desired output p  pimg srchttpi.imgur.comDHdUhR8.jpg altp  pI have the following code for my Tooltip shortcodep  precodeText tooltip function tooltipatts, content       atts  shortcodeatts         array           class gt ,           title gt          , atts        html  lta class . atts[class] .  title. atts[title].  hrefgt . content .  ltspangt .atts[title]. ltspangt ltagt     return html          addshortcodetooltip, tooltip codepre  pNow when you execute this you will use the following codes for the shortcodep  precode[tooltips classtoptooltip titleYour Tooltip here] Text here [tooltip] codepre  pWhat I have done is that created some function to DISPLAY MY CREATED CUSTOM BUTTON TOOLTIP SHORTCODE on the functions.php file on my theme using the following codes.p  precodeCreate Tiny MCE buttons function mcetooltipbutton    buttons[]  superscript   return button  addfiltermcebuttons2, mcetooltip      Callback function to filter the MCE settings   function mcetooltip initarray       Define the styleformats array    styleformats  array        Each array child is a format with its own settings     array         class gt ,         title gt                Insert the array, JSON ENCODED, into styleformats   initarray[styleformats]  jsonencode styleformats       return initarray       Attach callback to tinymcebeforeinit  addfilter tinymcebeforeinit, mcetooltip   codepre  pI tried the code but it wont show up my CUSTOM button for my shortcode on the TINY MCE Editor on Wordpress. Any idea how to do it betterp
Negative 110 pI understand how things like numbers and letters are encoded in binary, and thus can be stored as 0s and 1s.p  pBut how are functions stored in memory I dont see how they could be stored as 0s and 1s, and I dont see how something could be stored in memory as anything besides 0s and 1s.p
Negative 110 pI have built my navbar navigation links to pullright which is how I want it but upon collapse the links also pullright which looks weird see image. I would like to figure out how to modify the code so that the navigation pullleft when collapsed. a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netbzkxtf1u2 relnofollowstrongDemostrongap  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6gPXn.png altNavbar FullScreen  okp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comp1lFs.png altNavbar Collapsep  pPlease let me know if you can help. p  pMy template code and sitespecific css is belowp  precode    [ltDOCTYPE htmlgt      lthtml langengt     ltheadgt     ltmeta charsetutf8gt     ltmeta httpequivXUACompatible contentIEedgegt     ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1.0gt      ltlink hrefhttpfonts.googleapis.comcssfamilyRaleway relstylesheet typetextcssgt     ltlink hrefstaticcssbootstrap.min.css relstylesheet mediascreengt      ltlink hrefstaticcsssitespecific.css relstylesheetgt          ltheadgt      ltbodygt     ltdiv classnavbar navbarinverse navbarfixedtop rolenavigationgt       ltdiv classcontainergt         ltdiv classnavbarheadergt           ltbutton typebutton classnavbartoggle datatogglecollapse datatarget.navbar     collapsegt             ltspan classsronlygtToggle navigationltspangt             ltspan classiconbargtltspangt             ltspan classiconbargtltspangt             ltspan classiconbargtltspangt           ltbuttongt                   ltdivgt         ltdiv classcollapse navbarcollapse pullrightgt           ltul classnav navbarnav pullleftgt             ltligtlta href urlforindex gtHomeltagtltligt             ltligtlta href urlforabout gtAboutltagtltligt                                  ltli classdropdowngt             lta href classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngtBrowse by Neighbourhoodltspan   classcaretgtltspangtltagt               ltul classdropdownmenu rolemenugt                 ltligtlta href urlfornottinghill gtNotting Hillltagtltligt                         ltligtlta href urlformarylebone gtMaryleboneltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href urlforwestend gtWest Endltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href urlformayfair gtMayfairltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href urlforsoho gtSoholtagtltligt                 ltligtlta href urlforcoventgarden gtCovent Gardenltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href urlforchelsea gtChelsealtagtltligt                 ltligtlta href urlforcamden gtCamdenltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href urlforshoreditch gtShoreditchltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href urlfortowerbridge gtTower Bridgeltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href urlforindex gtAllltagtltligt               ltulgt             ltligt             ltligtlta href urlforcontact gtContactltagtltligt           ltulgt         ltdivgtlt.navcollapsegt       ltdivgt     ltdivgt          lth1gtLONDONlth1gt          block content  endblock    ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscript srcstaticjsbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltbodygt  lthtmlgt         .navbar          backgroundcolor 33B833         fontfamily Raleway, sansserif        .navbar .nav gt li gt a                  color ffffff        .navbar .nav gt li gt ahover          color 000000        .navbarinverse .navbarnav gt .open gtahover, .navbarinverse .navbarnav gt .open gtafocus, .navbarinverse .navbarnav gt .open gta           backgroundcolor 33CC33       ][4] codepre
Negative 110 pI have an ngrepeat loop returning a list of objects which represent calendar events. Id like  to be able to orderBy date but it looks like first I need to push the returned objects into a single array. p  pHere is my angular viewp  precodeltdiv classcalendargt  ltpgtcalltpgt ltdiv ngrepeatitems in calgt          lta hrefeventsitems.daygt           ltarticle classeventslistgt            ltdiv classnumberedDategt                lth3gtitems.daylth3gt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classcalInfogt             lth5gtitems.titlelth5gt                ltpgtitemsampnbspltagtmoreltagtltpgt             ltdivgt            ltarticlegt         ltdivgtlt ngrepeat items gt ltdivgtlt calendar gt codepre  pitems is currently returningp  precodeday21,titleok,summaryok,descriptionok,id53ee9f0fc6aed109c6d33cfd day2,titleok,summaryok,descriptionok,id53ee9f038782309c6d892 day27,titleok,summaryok,descriptionok,id533240fc6ae32433chd codepre  pIs there a way to wrap these returned objects into an array [] so that they could have an orderBy day called on themp
Negative 110 pI am currently picking a database for my next project node.js and I have a question that needs to be answered before I can make a final decision. p  pI wanted to know if it was possible to setup a HA cluster and connect to it via the REST interface. The most likely solution that comes to my mind is to put HAproxy in front so that it evenly distributes the requests amongst the Neo4j servers. But what about transactions because HAproxy could easily send two requests that belong to the same transaction to different servers.p
Negative 110 pstrongProblemstrongp  pWhen I use codeContainscode against an codeIEnumerableltTgtcode of classes that correctly implement codeIEquatablecode and override codeGetHashCodecode it returns false. If I wrap the match target in a list and perform an codeIntersectcode then the match works correctly. I would prefer to use codeContainscode.p  pOn codeIEnumerable.Containscode from a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryvstudiobb352880vvs.90.aspxMSDNap  blockquote   pElements are compared to the specified value by using the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryvstudioms224763vvs.90.aspxdefaulta equality comparerp blockquote  pOn codeEqualityComparerltTgt.Defaultcode Property from a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryvstudioms224763vvs.90.aspxMSDNap  blockquote   pThe Default property checks whether type T implements the System.IEquatable generic interface and if so returns an EqualityComparer that uses that implementation. Otherwise it returns an EqualityComparer that uses the overrides of Object.Equals and Object.GetHashCode provided by T.p blockquote  pAs far as I understand, implementing codeIEquatableltTgtcode on my class should mean that the codeEqualscode method is used by the default comparer when trying to find a match. I want to use Equals because I want there to be only one way that two objects are the same, I do not want a strategy that the developers have to remember to put in.p  pWhat I find strange is that if I wrap the match target in a codeListcode and then perform an codeIntersectcode then the match is correctly found.p  pWhat am I missing Do I have to create an equality comparer too, like the MSDN article MSDN suggests that having codeIEquatablecode is enough and that emitem will wrap it for me.p  pstrongExample Console Appstrongp  pNB codeGetHashCodecode from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions670063gettinghashofalistofstringsregardlessoforder670068noredirect1comment39633404670068Jon Skeet hereap  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.Linq  namespace ContainsNotDoingWhatIThoughtItWould      class Program              public class MyEquatable  IEquatableltMyEquatablegt                      string[] tags              public MyEquatableparams string[] tags                              this.tags  tags                           public bool EqualsMyEquatable other                              if other  null                                      return false                                   if this.tags.Count  other.tags.Count                                      return false                                  var commonTags  this.tags.Intersectother.tags                 return commonTags.Count  this.tags.Count                           public override int GetHashCode                              int hash  17                 foreach string element in this.tags.OrderByx gt x                                      hash  uncheckedhash  element.GetHashCode                                  return hash                                static void Mainstring[] args                       Two objects for the search list             var a  new MyEquatableA             var ab  new MyEquatableA, B              IEnumerableltMyEquatablegt myList  new MyEquatable[]                                a,                  ab                             This is the MyEquatable that we want to find             var target  new MyEquatableA, B               Check that the equality and hashing works             var isTrue1  target.GetHashCode  ab.GetHashCode             var isTrue2  target.Equalsab               var isFalse1  target.GetHashCode  a.GetHashCode             var isFalse2  target.Equalsa               Why is this false             var whyIsThisFalse  myList.Containstarget               If that is false, why is this true             var wrappedChildTarget  new ListltMyEquatablegt  target               var thisIsTrue  myList.IntersectwrappedChildTarget.Any                codepre  pa hrefhttpsdotnetfiddle.netFye9i6.NET 4.5 Fiddle Exampleap
Negative 110 pMy goal would be to display both the url path and image source at once for a table entry when iterating through a for loop. However, I am accessing the url for images and the path through two different keys. This returns an entry for the link and one for the image separately. p  precode for node in dictionarylist               for key, value in node.iteritems                       if key  image                          lttdgtlttdgt                         lttdgtltimg src value gtlttdgt                      elif key  path                          lttdgtlttdgt                         lttdgtlta href httpexample.comvalue gtLinkltagtlttdgt codepre  pIve thought of putting both the path and image in one key and parsing out each, but this doesnt seem feasible with Jinja. Would code that return something like the following be possible p  precode for node in dictionarylist               for key, value in node.iteritems                       if key  imagelink                          lttdgtlttdgt                         lttdgtlta hrefvalue1gtltimg srcvalue2gtltagtlttdgt codepre
Negative 110 pIm running some terminal commands from within Python using the a hrefhttpsdocs.python.org2librarysubprocess.htmlsubprocess.checkoutput relnofollowsubprocess.checkoutput calla. This works all fine when it returns correct results. When interacting with the bitcoin daemon I can get several responses however. For example, the raw output as seen on a normal bash command line can bep  precode Cannot obtain a lock on data directory homekramer65.bitcoin. Bitcoin is probably already running. codepre  porp  precodeerror couldnt connect to server codepre  pBoth these responses give an error code 1 however. I tried printing out the following attributes of the codesubprocess.CalledProcessError as ecode, which in both cases results in the same outputs except for the codecmdcode attribute of coursep  precodeprint e.args, e.cmd, e.message, e.output, e.returncode           BTC                            1           BTC getinfo                    1 codepre  pI guess the only thing that distincts the two errors, is the raw string that is outputted on the command line which I listed above. So my question is how can I get the raw string that is shown on the command line from within Pythonp
Negative 110 pI want to add ads to my android,  but I have problem when i add the code, because of error message.  Can you help me, please Thanks in advance I want to add ads to my android,  but I have problem when i add the code, because of error message.  Can you help me, please Thanks in advancep  pMainActivityp  pcodeadView  new AdViewthis         adView.setAdSizeAdSize.BANNER         adView.setAdUnitIdADUNITIDbr         LinearLayout layout  LinearLayout findViewByIdR.id.linearLayout         layout.addViewadViewbr         AdRequest adRequest  new AdRequest.Builder         .addTestDeviceAdRequest.DEVICEIDEMULATOR         .addTestDeviceINSERTYOURHASHEDDEVICEIDHERE         .buildbr         adView.loadAdadRequestcodep  pmainlayoutp  precode ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout     xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnsadshttpschemas.android.comapklibcom.google.ads     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidididlinearLayout     androidorientationhorizontal     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin     toolscontextcom.googleplay.adstest.MainActivity gt ltcom.google.ads.AdView        androidididadView        androidlayoutwidthfillparent        androidlayoutheightwrapcontent        androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue        adsadSizeSMARTBANNER        adsadUnitIdcaapppub88415232616822788262798142        adsloadAdOnCreatetrue        adstestDevicesTESTEMULATORgt     ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextstringhelloworld gt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  p manifestp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     packagecom.googleplay.adstest     androidversionCode1     androidversionName1.0 gt      ltusessdk         androidminSdkVersion8         androidtargetSdkVersion14 gt ltmetadata androidnamecom.google.android.gms.version                androidvalueintegergoogleplayservicesversiongt     ltapplication         androidallowBackuptrue         androidicondrawableiclauncher         androidlabelstringappname         androidthemestyleAppTheme gt         ltactivity             androidname.MainActivity             androidlabelstringappname gt             ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt                  ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt             ltintentfiltergt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity androidnamecom.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity              androidconfigChangeskeyboardkeyboardHiddenorientationscreenLayoutuiModescreenSizesmallestScreenSizegt     ltapplicationgt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNETgt   ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSNETWORKSTATEgt  ltmanifestgt codepre  pLogCatp  precode0827 223104.657 DAndroidRuntime22155 Shutting down VM 0827 223104.657 Wdalvikvm22155 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x41af6930 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155 java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start activity ComponentInfocom.googleplay.adstestcom.googleplay.adstest.MainActivity android.view.InflateException Binary XML file line 15 Error inflating class com.google.ads.AdView 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2255 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2309 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.app.ActivityThread.access700ActivityThread.java157 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1289 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java176 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5317 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java1102 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java869 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155 Caused by android.view.InflateException Binary XML file line 15 Error inflating class com.google.ads.AdView 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.view.LayoutInflater.createViewFromTagLayoutInflater.java704 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.view.LayoutInflater.rInflateLayoutInflater.java752 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java495 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java397 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java353 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindow.setContentViewPhoneWindow.java360 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.app.Activity.setContentViewActivity.java1932 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity.superSetContentViewActionBarActivity.java216 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateICS.setContentViewActionBarActivityDelegateICS.java111 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity.setContentViewActionBarActivity.java76 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at com.googleplay.adstest.MainActivity.onCreateMainActivity.java17 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.app.Activity.performCreateActivity.java5326 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1097 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2218 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    ... 11 more 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155 Caused by java.lang.ClassNotFoundException Didnt find class com.google.ads.AdView on path dataappcom.googleplay.adstest11.apk 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at dalvik.system.BaseDexClassLoader.findClassBaseDexClassLoader.java65 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java501 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java461 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.view.LayoutInflater.createViewLayoutInflater.java558 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    at android.view.LayoutInflater.createViewFromTagLayoutInflater.java693 0827 223104.697 EAndroidRuntime22155    ... 24 more codepre  plogcat after edit code p  precode    0827 224010.499 Wdalvikvm22789 VFY unable to resolve static field 3541 AdsAttrs in LcomgoogleandroidgmsRstyleable 0827 224010.499 Ddalvikvm22789 VFY replacing opcode 0x62 at 0x0009 0827 224010.519 DAndroidRuntime22789 Shutting down VM 0827 224010.519 Wdalvikvm22789 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x41af6930 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789 java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start activity ComponentInfocom.advertexamolecom.advertexamole.MainActivity android.view.InflateException Binary XML file line 10 Error inflating class com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2255 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2309 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.app.ActivityThread.access700ActivityThread.java157 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1289 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java176 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5317 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java1102 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java869 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789 Caused by android.view.InflateException Binary XML file line 10 Error inflating class com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.view.LayoutInflater.createViewLayoutInflater.java619 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.view.LayoutInflater.createViewFromTagLayoutInflater.java693 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.view.LayoutInflater.rInflateLayoutInflater.java752 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java495 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java397 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java353 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindow.setContentViewPhoneWindow.java360 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.app.Activity.setContentViewActivity.java1932 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity.superSetContentViewActionBarActivity.java216 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateICS.setContentViewActionBarActivityDelegateICS.java111 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity.setContentViewActionBarActivity.java76 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at com.advertexamole.MainActivity.onCreateMainActivity.java16 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.app.Activity.performCreateActivity.java5326 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1097 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2218 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    ... 11 more 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789 Caused by java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.constructNativeNative Method 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceConstructor.java417 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at android.view.LayoutInflater.createViewLayoutInflater.java593 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    ... 25 more 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789 Caused by java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError com.google.android.gms.Rstyleable 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at com.google.android.gms.internal.ao.ltinitgtUnknown Source 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at com.google.android.gms.internal.au.ltinitgtUnknown Source 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at com.google.android.gms.internal.au.ltinitgtUnknown Source 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    at com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView.ltinitgtUnknown Source 0827 224010.539 EAndroidRuntime22789    ... 28 more codepre
Negative 110 pI have the following codesp  precodeIF nvlpvalue, 0 gt 0 THEN       lcurrencyprefix  scc.currencyprefixpos       lcurrencysuffix  scc.currencysuffixpos     ELSE       lcurrencyprefix  scc.currencyprefixneg       lcurrencysuffix  scc.currencysuffixneg     END IF  lquery  SELECT nvllcurrencyprefix,                         trimtocharpvalue                                        ,scc.currencyformat                                         ,NLSNUMERICCHARACTERS  scc.decimalgroupseparator                        nvllcurrencysuffix,                 FROM gss.gsscurrencylocale scc              WHERE scc.countrycode  pcountrycode               AND scc.currencycode  pcurrencycode               AND rownum1 codepre  pand here is the dbms output for lqueryp  precodeSELECT nvlscc.currencyprefixpos, trimtochar10000,scc.currencyformat                                             ,NLSNUMERICCHARACTERSscc.decimalgroupseparatornvlscc.currencysuffixpos,                    FROM gss.gsscurrencylocale scc                  WHERE scc.countrycode USAND scc.currencycode USDAND rownum1 codepre  pHowever, it keep showing an ORA00933 errors. I debug these piece of code for few hours and could not find where is the errors. Could some one please provide some advice on thisp  pThanks in advancedp
Negative 110 pIm wondering why this does not have implementation in Symfony2 or Yii...p  pMy thought is I want to place ALL errors in flash under one INDEX  errors or success, so that i can just render them using codeforeachescode.p  pHow flashes work now isp  pyii example codesetFlasherror,error messagecode this sets flash for one message and if i do this codesetFlasherror,error message2code this will REPLACE last message. What if I have more then one error message Its dynamical  i cant know all the indexes.p  pThe same thing in Symfony2. I suspect this was done for a reason, but i dont know what it is. It seems to me its far better to make indexes nonreplacable, but deleteble.p
Negative 110 pI wanted to be able to enter a view controller only if an entered password is correct. i used the following code  p  precode if[input isEqual12]      NSLogchange view controller     NSString  storyboardName  Main     UIStoryboard storyboard  [UIStoryboard storyboardWithNamestoryboardName bundle nil]     UIViewController  vc  [storyboard instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifiersecondViewController]     [self presentViewControllervc animatedYES completionnil]   codepre  pbut when i enter , Xcode gave me a sigbrt error, so i added an all exception breakpoint, but it goes to main.m and says thread 1break point 1.1.p  pthank you for reading and if you know the answer please answerp
Negative 110 pI have a command like name  IgrabAttributeFromname, titlep  pThis worked fine for a while. But now at retesting it have a wrong behaviour. Any time the grabbed string is empty, even though in attribute title is content.  Yes, I checked the correctness of the css selector and the attribute exist. The test dont fail at this row. It fails if the empty string will be compared with an other Isee...p  pPlease help if someone knows the answerp
Negative 110 pI am using codemailtrap.iocode to test email notification functionality in my application using codeJava Mail APIcode. It is working perfectly fine.p  pI need to check if an email notification is being delivered to multiple recipients. Not sure how do test it using codemailtrapcode. Do i need to signup in codemailtrapcode to create another account Do i need to use that accounts credentials also p
Negative 110 pI have a UI that is using SVG icons in Nuke 8. While setting icons with the SVG files works fine, I cannot seem to find a way to change the size of the icons to a larger size in Qt. I have tried setting the icons size and then load the SVG file, setting the icon on a widget and then place the widget in the QTreeWidgetItem, and setting the style sheet of the widget to use the SVG. I know I can scale up the SVG file before loading the file, but I prefer handling that inside of Qt.p  pHeres some example code of what Im doing This works, but the icon does not scale.p  precodefrom PySide import QtGui, QtCore  class TestTreeItemQtGui.QTreeWidgetItem     def initself, parent, value, status         superTestTreeItem, self.initparent           Column 0         self.setTextvalue           Column 1          Using Qt Resources. All of the maps are to svg files.         statusmap  0 imagesgood,         1 imageswarning,         2 imageserror          self.setSizeHint1, QtCore.QSize64, 64         icon  QtGui.QIconstatusmap[status]         self.setIcon1, icon codepre  h1Code that doesnt workh1  h2Set the icon size and then load the iconh2  precodefrom PySide import QtGui, QtCore  class TestTreeItemQtGui.QTreeWidgetItem     def initself, parent, value, status         superTestTreeItem, self.initparent           Column 0         self.setTextvalue           Column 1          Using Qt Resources. All of the maps are to svg files.         statusmap  0 imagesgood,         1 imageswarning,         2 imageserror          self.setSizeHint1, QtCore.QSize64, 64         icon  QtGui.QIconQtGui.QSize64, 64         icon.addFilestatusmap[status]         self.setIcon1, icon codepre  h2Create a pixmap and scale ith2  precodefrom PySide import QtGui, QtCore  class TestTreeItemQtGui.QTreeWidgetItem     def initself, parent, value, status         superTestTreeItem, self.initparent           Column 0         self.setTextvalue           Column 1          Using Qt Resources. All of the maps are to svg files.         statusmap  0 imagesgood,         1 imageswarning,         2 imageserror          self.setSizeHint1, QtCore.QSize64, 64         pixmap  QtGui.QPixmapstatusmap[status]         pixmap.scaled64, 64         icon  QtGui.QIconpixmap         self.setIcon1, icon codepre  h2Create an empty pixmap and then load the SVGh2  precodefrom PySide import QtGui, QtCore  class TestTreeItemQtGui.QTreeWidgetItem     def initself, parent, value, status         superTestTreeItem, self.initparent           Column 0         self.setTextvalue           Column 1          Using Qt Resources. All of the maps are to svg files.         statusmap  0 imagesgood,         1 imageswarning,         2 imageserror          self.setSizeHint1, QtCore.QSize64, 64         pixmap  QtGui.QPixmapQtGui.QSize64, 64         pixmap.loadstatusmap[status]         icon  QtGui.QIconpixmap         self.setIcon1, icon codepre  h2Create a widget and then set the style sheet to use the SVGh2  precodefrom PySide import QtGui, QtCore  class TestTreeItemQtGui.QTreeWidgetItem     def initself, parent, value, status         superTestTreeItem, self.initparent           Column 0         self.setTextvalue           Column 1          Using Qt Resources. All of the maps are to svg files.         widget  QtGui.QWidgetparent         statusmap  0 imagesgood,         1 imageswarning,         2 imageserror          self.setSizeHint1, QtCore.QSize64, 64         widget.setStyleSheetimage url.formatstatusmap[status]         parent.setItemWidgetself, 1, widget codepre
Negative 110 pIn the run command dialog, type cmd.exe. Yet, I wonder how I can run CMD as administrator in a single run command line. P.S. I know how to do it with the mouse, so just asking a command line to achieve so. Thank youp
Negative 110 pCurrently my htaccess code isp  precodeadd www RewriteCond HTTPHOST example.com [NC] RewriteRule . httpswww.example.com1 [R301,L]   send all traffic to https RewriteCond HTTPS off RewriteRule . httpsHTTPHOSTREQUESTURI codepre  pThis works when following urls are enteredp  pre 1. httpsexample.com  httpswww.example.com 2. httpexample.com  httpswww.example.com 3. httpwww.example.com  httpswww.example.com 4. httpsexample.com  httpswww.example.com 5. httpsexample.comsomepage  httpswww.example.comsomepage 6. httpwww.example.comsomepage  httpswww.example.comsomepage pre  pBut it doesnt work when both https and www is not present while trying to access some page, instead it redirect to strange urlp  pre 7. httpexample.comsomepage  httpswww.example.comhttpsexample.comsomepage pre  pb Any suggestions bp
Negative 110 pIm having trouble with the seemingly straightforward plugin a hrefhttpsgithub.comkemayomaphilight relnofollowhttpsgithub.comkemayomaphilightap  pIve tried innumerable things, and keep getting codeUncaught TypeError undefined is not a functioncode from my one line of code in main.js.p  pIm using the latest stable releases of jquery and maphilight.p  pmain.htmlp  precodeltbodygt     ltimg classimgmap usemapregionalmapgt     ltmap nameregionalmapgt         ltarea ...... gt         ltarea ...... gt     ltmapgt      ltscript srcjsjquery1.11.1.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjsjquery.maphilight.js typetexthtmlgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjsmain.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt   ltbodygt codepre  pmain.jsp  precode.imgmap.maphilight codepre
Negative 110 pI have been trying to implement a scrolling script which will smoothly transition from the menu item name to the associated codea namecode value.  Here is the scriptp  precodea[href]not[href].clickfunction      if location.pathname.replace,  this.pathname.replace,      location.hostname  this.hostname      var target  this.hash     target  target.length  target  [name  this.hash.slice1 ]     if target.length      html,body.animate     scrollTop target.offset.top     , 1000     return false                 codepre  pThis is being implemented on a Joomla 3 site.  I have tested this script on a blank codephpcode script outside of the CMS and it seems to work fine.  The console error reads as codeTypeError target is nullcodep  pcodetarget  target.length  target  [name  this.hash.slice1 ]codep
Negative 110 pIve got a little project that uses perl cgi scripts. At this moment I use Apache to run these scripts. I have an index.html file that redirects to a cgi file.br Now I want to make my project portable, which means that I want to be able to move the project to another location without the need to configure apache so not changing the cgibin directory in the configuration. The end product would be a script or html file that could be opened so that a browser would pop up, just like it would run as it would be using Apache. I actually dont really know where to start.p
Negative 110 pI attached all usable css and js files on my index.html file in my phonegap application. When i append another page html using ajax or jquery load function. Css and js functionality is not working with that appended html file on index.html.p  pI consoled the html all the js and css files are present on index.html but the problem is header generated before the html loads and i dont want to use .getScript function for again load that all. p  pSo how we can solve this error using Javascript for Phonegap 3.4p
Negative 110 pIm working on an XNA script in which I want to read data from the microphone every couple of frames and estimate its pitch. I took input based almost exactly on this page a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryff827802.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryff827802.aspxa.p  pNow Ive got a buffer full bytes. What does it represent I reset everything and look at my buffer every 10th frame, so it appears to be a giant array that has 9 instances of 1764 bytes at different points in time The whole thing is 15876 bytes large. Im assuming its the time domain of sound pressure, because I cant find any information on the format of microphone input. Anybody know how this works I have a friend who has an FFT up and running, but were trying to learn as much as we can about that data Im collecting before we attempt to plug it in.p
Negative 110 pIm not able to find the groups of my pattern, and it is really giving me a hard time.p  pIve went through many SO answers, and Oracle documentation also, but it seems regular expressions is my weak point.p  pBasically, what I want is to get the text between codeE[ ]code and codeD[ ]code Ive wrote the pattern codeE[[AZaz09]]D[.]code which validates the entire string successfully, but Im not able to find the groups in that patternp  pIve tried to following queryp  precode  SELECT          REGEXPSUBSTRE[somekey]D[some value],pattern, 1 AS MATCH1,          REGEXPSUBSTRE[somekey]D[some value],pattern, 2 AS MATCH2   FROM DUAL codepre  pIve tried many variations of the 4th parameter of the function codeREGEXPSUBSTRsome text,pattern above, 1code and its getting me the complete string, also tried codeREGEXPSUBSTRsome text,pattern above, 1, 1code, but got the same results, either the emfull stringem or emNULLem.p
Negative 110 pI know above error is explain here  a hrefhttpwww.datatables.netmanualtechnotes1 relnofollowLINKa p  pAll is working fine in my codelocalhostcode thats  no error popup , nothing in my localhost.p  pBut on my online server i am getting above link error  i am not getting what and where is wrong as when i refresh my page after error  then i get data properly . p  pIt works for some time and then again start giving me error and again after refresh of page , error is not seen and my table list all data properly .p  pI check my all MySQL query on my server its working properly and fine.p  precode   var oTableL1  table1.dataTable         bProcessing true,          bServerSide true,         sAjaxSource includesdblistdb.php,          fnServerParams function  aoData               aoData.push  name moredata, value tablequeryone                 aoData  passing parameter in my listdb.php where                        i have used if elseif  code for resp. which is working fine                        in my localhost, also on server after refresh                        var oTableL2  table2.dataTable         bProcessing true,          bServerSide true,         sAjaxSource includesdblistdb.php,          fnServerParams function  aoData               aoData.push  name moredata, value tablequerytwo                         var oTableL3  table3.dataTable         bProcessing true,          bServerSide true,         sAjaxSource includesdblistdb.php,          fnServerParams function  aoData               aoData.push  name moredata, value tablequerythree                 codepre  pstrongONLINE SERVER strong IF I REFRESH MY PAGE then some time it get my data properly but some time its show me error , but after refresh of page it show me data properly without any error .. not getting what wrong.p  psame thing is happening for search and pagination and records list .p
Negative 110 pIm trying to make appear text in Javascript.p  pThats my code p  pHTML p  precodeltdiv idt1gtEcologieltdivgt ltdiv idt2gtPlanteltdivgt ltdiv idt3gtBIOltdivgt ltdiv idt4gtResponsableltdivgt ltdiv idt5gtChangementltdivgt ltdiv idt6gtDurableltdivgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgtvar mytimeout  setTimeoutDisplayElem, 2000 ltscriptgt codepre  pCSS p  precode    t1      position absolute     color green     fontsize 50px     top 50     left 13     display none   t2      position absolute     color green     fontsize 60px     top 40     left 70     display none  codepre  pand Javascript p  precodefunction Display elem      elem.style.display  block   var compteur  0 function DisplayElem      compteur  1     var id  t  compteur     elem  document.getElementByIdid     Displayelem     mytimeout  setTimeoutDisplayElem, 2000     ifcompteur  6              window.clearTimeoutmytimeout       codepre  pI got this error  Uncaught ReferenceError block is not defined  on my line codeelem.style.display  blockcodep  pWhen i open my page i want all of my div invisible. But after a few second i would like to have on who appear, and the next one, and the next one...p  pThank youp
Negative 110 pI have 2 classes cellViewbasically a cell with tap and Board view With 64 cellViews. From my VC i want to disableenable  all interactions on them on certain event. this is my code.p  precodeifcurrentGame.isYourTurnNO     [divBoardView  setUserInteractionEnabledNO]     forUIViewcurrentView in  [divBoardView  subviews]         [currentView  setUserInteractionEnabledNO]       else .. codepre  pand in cell view is just view with  p  precodeUITapGestureRecognizer tapRecognizer  [[UITapGestureRecognizer alloc]    initWithTargetself actionselectorcellTapped] [self addGestureRecognizertapRecognizer] codepre  pI want to disable and enable interaction without adding and deleting tapGestureRecognisers.p
Negative 110 pwhere is the change occurring if i am reassigning a character to strongpstrong .p  precodeincludeltstdio.hgt int main   char phello  printfs,p pa  printfs,p  return 0   codepre  pstrongpastrong should have replaced stronghstrong with strongastrong in the string .p  pp should access and base element of the string pointed by p and replace it .p  pbut strongprintstrong statement prints hello  both times p  pbut it doesnt can anyone explain why not  p
Negative 110 pI am learning webapi.I am running my webapi project and hitting the url stronglocalhost54099apivaluesstrong p  pbut Get is not executed.I am not able to see the data.Where i am doing wrongWhen i hit the url,below popup shows but i am neither able to save it or open it. When i hit the same url in Chrome,i am getting the errorp  pAn error occurred when trying to create a controller of type ValuesController. Make sure that the controller has a parameterless public constructor.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comH6Uj9.png altenter image description herep  pstrongWebAPI method inside ValuesControllerstrong     p  precode  public IEnumerableltBookgt Get                              var Books  iLibrary.GetBooks                 return Books.ToList              codepre  pstrongWebApiConfigstrongp  precode public static void RegisterHttpConfiguration config                       Web API configuration and services               Web API routes             config.MapHttpAttributeRoutes              config.Routes.MapHttpRoute                 name DefaultApi,                 routeTemplate apicontrollerid,                 defaults new  id  RouteParameter.Optional                        codepre
Negative 110 pI wonder how to use codermarkdowncode to generate a pdf which has both portrait and landscape layout in the same document. If there is a pure codermarkdowncode option that would be even better than using latex.p  pHeres a small, reproducible example. First, rendering this code.Rmdcode in RStudio press strongKnit PDFstrong button results in a pdf with all pages in landscape layoutp  precode title All pages landscape output pdfdocument classoption landscape   r summarycars   newpage r summarycars  codepre  pThen an attempt to create a document which mixes portrait and landscape layout. The basic setup in the codeYAMLcode is done according to the Includes section a hrefhttprmarkdown.rstudio.compdfdocumentformat.htmlstrongherestronga. The codeinheadercode file header.tex only contains codeusepackagelscapecode, a package suggested for codeknitrcode landscape layout a hrefhttpsgithub.comyihuiknitrexamplesblobmaster030landscape.Rnwstrongherestronga. The code.texcode file is in the same directory as the code.Rmdcode file.  p  precode title Mixing portrait and landscape output     pdfdocument         includes             inheader header.tex   Portrait r summarycars   newpage beginlandscape Landscape r summarycars  endlandscape  newpage More portrait r summarycars  codepre  pHowever, this code results in an errorp  precode  You cant use macro parameter character  in horizontal mode.  l.116    pandoc.exe Error producing PDF from TeX source  Error pandoc document conversion failed with error 43 codepre  pAny help is much appreciated.p
Negative 110 pPls see the codep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.nethrhktkbzyy0kwnL8k8 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.nethrhktkbzyy0kwnL8k8ap  precodeltdivgt             ltdiv classcontainer divinlinegt     ltdiv classrow1 gtROW ONEltdivgt     ltdiv classrow2gtROW TWOltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pstrongCSSstrongp  precode.divinline     displayinlineblock   .container     lineheight60px     height60px     backgroundffee12     width50     textalignleft   .row1     background450011     fontsize12px     height50     lineheight50   .row2     background333333     fontsize12px     height50     lineheight50     colorFFF  codepre  pI dont know why the text in row1 and row2 overlapped the border of the two divs.  I want to verticalalign them to the bottom.  Anybody know the reasonp  pMany thanx.p
Negative 110 pNeed the dates amp times Im getting from Highrise API via PHPcURL to be output in EST. p  precode functions.php  function hrxmlacct, path       HTTP Authentication     url  curlinithttps . acct . .highrisehq.com . path . .xml     curlsetopturl, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, true     curlsetopturl, CURLOPTUSERPWD, ..................x      curlsetopturl, CURLOPTSSLVERIFYPEER, 0     curlsetopturl, CURLOPTSSLVERIFYHOST, 0      data  curlexecurl     curlcloseurl      xml  new SimpleXMLElementdata     return xml   function getdaytdVal      input  substrtdVal, 0, 10     date  DateTimecreateFromFormatYmd, input     dategtsetTimeZonenew DateTimeZoneEST     return dategtformatl   function gettimetdVal      input  substrtdVal, 11, 5     time  DateTimecreateFromFormatHi,input     dategtsetTimeZonenew DateTimeZoneEST     return timegtformatA gi  codepre  pThis works on my localhost where the default timezone is UTC but not on my production server where the default time zone is AmericaLosAngeles there its putting the times that should be 10am EST and were 2pm on both my localhost and production before I added the setTimeZone bits, on my localhost now what should be 10am is 10am and on production now its 5pm. What the hell.p
Negative 110 pI have two tables with identical structure and somewhat identical data. As an example, lets consider the following tables.p  pTable Prip  precodeid  name    dept  rollno 1   Mark    A     4 2   Michael B     5 3   Norman  C     6 4   Paul    D     7 5   Robert  E     8 codepre  pTable Secp  precodeid  name    dept  rollno 1   Mark    A     4 2   Michael B     5 3   Norman  G     7 4   Paul    D     8 5   Bradley F     9 codepre  pNow, on equating the id between the two tables, Id like to get a count of various column matches namedeptrollno, i.e., rows with 0 column matches, rows with 1 column match, rows with 2 column matches, and identical records rows with all the matches.p  pFor example, the result for the given data can be displayed asp  precodecolumnmatches count 0              1 1              1 2              1 3              2 codepre  pIm on Oracle10g. Any ideas as to how to go about this would be very helpful.p
Negative 110 pI have a codeLinkLabelcode which is set up to receive some URLs that result from making a selection in a codeComboBoxcode. What Im trying to accomplish is for the user to select a state from my combo, and then be able to click the individual links that appear in link label. p  pHaving my links in array, what Im getting is the array displays the links as one whole string, and I want them to separate links. Heres what I havep  precodePublic arrAlabama2 As String Private Sub Form1Loadsender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles MyBase.Load      Create array for Alabama and add items.      arrAlabama0  httpwww.rolltide.com     arrAlabama1  httpwww.crimsontidehoops.com     arrAlabama2  httpcentralalabamapride.org  End Sub  Private Sub cboSelectStateSelectedIndexChangedsender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles cboSelectState.SelectedIndexChanged      Populate the link label.     If cboSelectState.SelectedIndex  0 Then         lnklblLinkbox.Text  arrAlabama0                              amp vbNewLine amp arrAlabama1                              amp vbNewLine amp arrAlabama2     End If  End Sub codepre  pIll have about 3 other codearrStateNamecode type arrays, so my codeSelectedIndexcode will span from code[0]code to code[3]code, and each array will contain 3 URL links. p  pSo where am I going wrong here If anyone can give me a boost in the right direction I would appreciate it. Some suggested using codeDictionarycode data type, but Im new to and when I tried test it out, I got frustrated because it doesnt seem to produce the results I want. Using the codeTKeycode and codeTValuecode throws me off, and I can never get all of my links to display in the box. I used codeIntegercode for my keys, and codeStringcode for my values links, but couldnt make it work. Some much needed guidance would be appreciated. Is what Im trying to do possible, or should I be using some other control typesp
Negative 110 pI made several changes, and tried to push to heroku, but it crashed and gave me an error with debugger gem , which I searched in stack overflow. p  pI did bundle update to fix it as people said, and removed debugger from the gemfile. But now, It will give another error, and will not push or compile assets.p  pThe error isp  precode NoMethodError undefined method environment for nilNilClass codepre  pIts so strange, because its reinstalling every gem in Heroku, as well as compiling assets as if it was the first time. Please help, I cant push the new feature Thanks a lotp  precodegt Ruby app detected gt Compiling RubyRails gt Using Ruby version ruby2.0.0 gt Installing dependencies using 1.6.3        Ruby version change detected. Clearing bundler cache.        Old ruby 2.0.0p481 20140508 revision 45883 [x8664linux]        New ruby 2.0.0p576 20140919 revision 47628 [x8664linux]        Running bundle install without developmenttest path vendorbundle binstubs vendorbundlebin j4 deployment        Fetching source index from httpsrubygems.org        Fetching gitgithub.comgregbellactiveadmin.git        Installing minitest 4.7.5        Installing i18n 0.6.11        Installing rake 10.3.2        Installing threadsafe 0.3.4        Installing multijson 1.10.1        Installing builder 3.1.4        Installing erubis 2.7.0        Installing tzinfo 0.3.41        Installing mimetypes 1.25.1        Installing rack 1.5.2        Installing polyglot 0.3.5        Installing coffeescriptsource 1.8.0        Installing thor 0.19.1        Installing execjs 2.2.1        Installing sass 3.4.4        Using bundler 1.6.3        Installing activerecorddeprecatedfinders 1.0.3        Installing hike 1.2.3        Installing arel 4.0.2        Installing tilt 1.4.1        Installing actsasvotable 0.8.0        Installing coderay 1.1.0        Installing daemons 1.1.9        Installing ormadapter 0.5.0        Installing json 1.8.1        Installing bcrypt 3.1.7        Installing multipartpost 2.0.0        Installing formatador 0.2.5        Installing excon 0.39.5        Installing inflecto 0.0.2        Installing ipaddress 0.8.0        Installing miniportile 0.6.0        Installing netssh 2.9.1        Installing hashie 3.3.1        Installing jwt 1.0.0        Installing methodsource 0.8.2        Installing subexec 0.2.3        Installing multixml 0.5.5        Installing niftygenerators 0.4.6        Installing httpclient 2.4.0        Installing slop 3.6.0        Installing railsservestaticassets 0.0.2        Installing railsstdoutlogging 0.0.3        Installing eventmachine 1.0.3        Installing rolify 3.4.1        Installing willpaginate 3.0.7        Installing faker 1.3.0        Installing fogjson 1.0.0        Installing sitemapgenerator 5.0.5        Installing activesupport 4.0.0        Installing racktest 0.6.2        Installing pg 0.17.1        Installing warden 1.2.3        Installing coffeescript 2.3.0        Installing treetop 1.4.15        Installing bourbon 4.0.2        Installing sprockets 2.12.2        Installing haml 4.0.5        Installing zurbfoundation 4.3.2        Installing rdoc 4.1.2        Installing uglifier 2.5.3        Installing faraday 0.9.0        Installing mandrillapi 1.0.52        Installing netscp 1.2.1        Installing omniauth 1.2.2        Installing minimagick 3.8.1        Installing pry 0.10.1        Installing rails12factor 0.0.2        Installing thin 1.6.2        Installing arbre 1.0.2        Installing activemodel 4.0.0        Installing jbuilder 1.5.3        Installing actionpack 4.0.0        Installing rmagick 2.13.3        Installing mail 2.5.4        Installing faradaymiddleware 0.9.1        Installing sdoc 0.4.1        Installing oauth2 1.0.0        Installing activerecord 4.0.0        Installing fogcore 1.24.0        Installing carrierwave 0.10.0        Installing railties 4.0.0        Installing formtastic 2.3.1        Installing hasscope 0.6.0.rc        Installing kaminari 0.16.1        Installing sprocketsrails 2.0.1        Installing metatags 2.0.0        Installing mandrillmailer 0.4.8        Installing actionmailer 4.0.0        Installing simpleform 3.0.2        Installing omniauthoauth2 1.2.0        Installing polyamorous 1.1.0        Installing instagram 1.1.3        Installing friendlyid 5.0.4        Installing fogbrightbox 0.5.1        Installing coffeerails 4.0.1        Installing fogsoftlayer 0.3.17        Installing nokogiri 1.6.3.1        Installing responders 1.0.0        Installing jqueryuirails 5.0.0        Installing jqueryrails 3.1.2        Installing devise 3.3.0        Installing jqueryfileuploadrails 0.4.1        Installing mailform 1.5.0        Installing sassrails 4.0.1        Installing omniauthfacebook 2.0.0        Installing ransack 1.3.0        Installing rails 4.0.0        Installing impressionist 1.5.1        Installing bestinplace 0.2.3        Installing inheritedresources 1.4.1        Installing rails3jqueryautocomplete 1.0.14        Using activeadmin 1.0.0.pre from gitgithub.comgregbellactiveadmin.git at master        Installing fog 1.23.0        Your bundle is complete        Gems in the groups development and test were not installed.        It was installed into .vendorbundle        Postinstall message from sitemapgenerator        NOTE SitemapGenerator 4.x uses a new file naming scheme which is more standardscompliant.        If youre upgrading from 3.x, please see the release note in the README        httpsgithub.comkjvargasitemapgeneratorimportantchangesinversion4        The simple answer is that your index file is now called sitemap.xml.gz        and not sitemapindex.xml.gz, but please take a look and see what else has changed.        Postinstall message from haml        HEADS UP Haml 4.0 has many improvements, but also has changes that may break        your application         Support for Ruby 1.8.6 dropped         Support for Rails 2 dropped         Sass filter now always outputs ltstylegt tags         Data attributes are now hyphenated, not underscored         html2haml utility moved to the html2haml gem         Textile and Maruku filters moved to the hamlcontrib gem        For more info see        httprubydoc.infogithubhamlhamlfileCHANGELOG.md        Postinstall message from rdoc        Depending on your version of ruby, you may need to install ruby rdocri data        lt 1.8.6  unsupported         1.8.7  gem install rdocdata rdocdata install         1.9.1  gem install rdocdata rdocdata install        gt 1.9.2  nothing to do Yay        Postinstall message from rmagick        Please report any bugs. See httpsgithub.comgemhomermagickcompareRMagick2132...master and httpsgithub.comrmagickrmagickissues18        Postinstall message from instagram                Instagram REST and Search APIs                Our developer site documents all the Instagram REST and Search APIs.        httpinstagram.comdeveloper        Blog                        Bundle completed 159.26s        Cleaning up the bundler cache. gt Writing configdatabase.yml to read from DATABASEURL gt Preparing app for Rails asset pipeline        Running rake assetsprecompile        [deprecated] I18n.enforceavailablelocales will default to true in the future. If you really want to skip validation of your locale you can set I18n.enforceavailablelocales  false to avoid this message.        I, [20140919T183726.899517 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsFontAwesome00cd9d29c16ec7755492c39df16ce1aa.otf        I, [20140919T183726.902231 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsdecofont452bc8caf426f1a11ab150183b3f8c7d.eot        I, [20140919T183726.971341 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsdefaultuserb1cdb481024e4a933abf2ea35c8a851f.jpg        I, [20140919T183726.973473 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsdefaultuser3beca87e6c4c2f1634205b63dd1751bc.png        I, [20140919T183726.975646 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsdefaultuser23beca87e6c4c2f1634205b63dd1751bc.png        I, [20140919T183726.977951 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsdivider66feeff2926f8a3809241cc2715bb7ff.png        I, [20140919T183726.980266 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsdividerlinec574f55865acb9fd30d99d889a8d7810.png        I, [20140919T183726.982394 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsfavicona72059f9bc87311fbe16a3feb1b3011a.ico        I, [20140919T183727.096123 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsinputcheckedfad93ad02fae91846487120f3f753fe9.png        I, [20140919T183727.098802 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsinputunchecked16a647a0b7e7ee068d80db470a4fe4a6.png        I, [20140919T183727.101028 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetslandingicon1a5802dd0f18b9aa07de783bba92fa6ad.png        I, [20140919T183727.103200 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetslandingicon29942940855b7f3a6a25a803a20cdfa11.png        I, [20140919T183727.105372 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetslandingicon3758cfe433057344146ed25487f740b0e.png        I, [20140919T183727.107582 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetslandingicon4b25b74ffcaf2f5bf6a56ca3613ccf851.png        I, [20140919T183727.109474 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetslandingiconpro9c97b48cc702eb38dcfa3f792a4e92a1.png        I, [20140919T183727.111501 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetslogo 906a3a689726de87ae1b25bef1770cf5.png        I, [20140919T183727.113516 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetslogo9ec2463dd9f201719cec993d96a20334.png        I, [20140919T183727.115924 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetslogo2xca7b605d7d2f819b2180110531c79a99.png        I, [20140919T183727.118614 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetslogogrande2dad34d8965fa9580bf732da629b3d79.png        I, [20140919T183727.121177 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetslogogrey17446392f18181466fec15ae77c541ce.png        I, [20140919T183727.123471 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetspassbg198396ac2bb01641ef1e2d0d5b8290e7.png        I, [20140919T183727.125871 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetssearchc128d565ca441f7f56f1c0a68d80c71a.png        I, [20140919T183727.128238 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetssearchbgc128d565ca441f7f56f1c0a68d80c71a.png        I, [20140919T183727.130708 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsseed12f4399488cc4461f37290f1a13ce2e26.jpg        I, [20140919T183727.133169 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsseed211c83688373956e1f3be2799e553bfdb.jpg        I, [20140919T183727.135748 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsseed347e462f8d6704b84257cde15ff6120a9.jpg        I, [20140919T183727.138471 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsseed4efc0abe95bc6656f89b367f5df4d6222.jpg        I, [20140919T183727.141336 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsseed5d941023eda8d263bc67c430fa7bfd7f2.jpg        I, [20140919T183727.144422 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsslider1dd1e84fd4c642c09bdeea7995e6afe9f.jpg        I, [20140919T183727.147167 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsspc6070afd2f38ae891441f959b1b7a1ff.png        I, [20140919T183727.149543 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsspotsheader0b187e7ae03e3cd01587bd08d73c2a55.png        I, [20140919T183727.151929 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetstagarrow8b84e20c18b23d6cfd12f78277de90c9.png        I, [20140919T183727.154300 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetstagcursor92631a09d2f0a033c5d74a5b24e6506a.png        I, [20140919T183727.156500 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsuserbg3b8a7645bebf562e9562c8b6e9b578a2.png        I, [20140919T183737.474618 3047]  INFO   Writing tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bpublicassetsapplication88a409f2962d296c3ea2f0ae2c57efe9.js        rake aborted        NoMethodError undefined method environment for nilNilClass        in tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bappassetsstylesheetsfoundationandoverrides.scss        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssassrails4.0.1libsassrailsimporter.rb84in evaluate        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssassrails4.0.1libsassrailsimporter.rb70in enginefrompath        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssassrails4.0.1libsassrailsimporter.rb35in find        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreeimportnode.rb54in block in import        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreeimportnode.rb53in each        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreeimportnode.rb53in import        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreeimportnode.rb28in importedfile        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreeimportnode.rb37in cssimport        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsperform.rb301in visitimport        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsbase.rb36in visit        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsperform.rb158in block in visit        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsassstack.rb79in block in withbase        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsassstack.rb115in withframe        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsassstack.rb79in withbase        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsperform.rb158in visit        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsbase.rb52in block in visitchildren        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsbase.rb52in map        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsbase.rb52in visitchildren        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsperform.rb167in block in visitchildren        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsperform.rb179in withenvironment        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsperform.rb166in visitchildren        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsbase.rb36in block in visit        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsperform.rb186in visitroot        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsbase.rb36in visit        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsperform.rb157in visit        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreevisitorsperform.rb8in visit        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreerootnode.rb36in csstree        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsasstreerootnode.rb20in render        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssass3.4.4libsassengine.rb268in render        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketssasstemplate.rb53in evaluate        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemstilt1.4.1libtilttemplate.rb103in render        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketscontext.rb197in block in evaluate        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketscontext.rb194in each        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketscontext.rb194in evaluate        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb12in initialize        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb374in new        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb374in block in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb395in circularcallprotection        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb373in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsindex.rb94in block in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketscaching.rb58in cacheasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsindex.rb93in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb287in findasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsindex.rb61in findasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb111in block in resolvedependencies        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb105in each        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb105in resolvedependencies        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb97in buildrequiredassets        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsprocessedasset.rb16in initialize        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb374in new        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb374in block in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb395in circularcallprotection        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb373in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsindex.rb94in block in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketscaching.rb58in cacheasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsindex.rb93in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb287in findasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsindex.rb61in findasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbundledasset.rb16in initialize        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb377in new        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb377in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsindex.rb94in block in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketscaching.rb58in cacheasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsindex.rb93in buildasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsbase.rb287in findasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsindex.rb61in findasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsmanifest.rb211in block in findasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsmanifest.rb257in benchmark        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsmanifest.rb210in findasset        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsmanifest.rb119in block in compile        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsmanifest.rb118in each        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2libsprocketsmanifest.rb118in compile        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprocketsrails2.0.1libsprocketsrailstask.rb60in block 3 levels in define        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprockets2.12.2librakesprocketstask.rb146in withlogger        tmpbuild0c151ed02c3a484cbfdfa8944781130bvendorbundleruby2.0.0gemssprocketsrails2.0.1libsprocketsrailstask.rb59in block 2 levels in define        Tasks TOP gt assetsprecompile        See full trace by running task with trace         Precompiling assets failed.          Push rejected, failed to compile Ruby app codepre
Negative 110 pWe are having problems displaying an image in a css table cell content3 with relative padding. This ONLY occurs in IE11 and displays normally in all other browsersp  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltdiv idwrappergt         ltdiv idcontainergt             ltdiv idcontent1gtltdivgt         ltdiv idcontent2gtltdivgt                 ltdiv idcontent3gtltimg srcanimage.jpggtltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pstrongCSSstrongp  precodewrapperwidth95 containerdisplaytable width100 content1displaytablecell width28 backgroundurlanotherimage.jpg content2displaytablecell width47 backgroundurlyetanotherimage.jpg content3displaytablecell width20 positionrelative paddingbottom20 height0px content3 imgheight100 width100 positionabsolute0 left0 codepre  pThis would seem to be a bug which has been reported a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20251303howcaniworkaroundthisie11layoutbugrelatedtotablecelltextdecoratioherea p  pHowever, none of the solutions offered work for us.p  pInterestingly, the image appears as soon as we resize the browser window manually.p  pAre there any CSS or JSjQuery workarounds for thisp  pMany thanks in advance for any help on thisp
Negative 110 pI use external table to read a file from a folder in the system.p  pAfter reading the file,when i try to move the read file to archive,i get FILE IN USE error.p  pIs there a mechanism to close the file or something in external tables.p
Negative 110 pI am setting value for the codeTextboxcode with jQuery. I have a codeTextboxcode as follows p  precodeHtml.TextBoxFormodel gt model.Location, new  disabled  disabled  codepre  pIn codejQuerycode, I set value for this codeTextboxcode p  precodeLocation.valxyz codepre  pOn codeHTTPPOSTcode, I have following Code p  precode[HttpPost] public ActionResult LocationFormCollection form, Location mod      string getLocation  mod.Location     string getLocation1  form[FromEsiLocation]      Both these methods are unable to retrieve the value which is set by jQuery  codepre  pHow to get this Valuep
Negative 110 pIm using codeDevexpresscode to develop a codeWinFormscode application with a grid. I dont want to load all registers of the grid in memory, but instead, just few 10 or 15 i.e, but i cannot find how to properly do that. I know that codeDevexpresscode shows some ways to do that, but i cant find any working example of this.p  pemPs Im using Oracle 11 as database.emp  pIn these example theyre showing this showcase using LinqToSQL classes a hrefhttpsdocumentation.devexpress.comWindowsFormsCustomDocument4057 relnofollowhttpsdocumentation.devexpress.comWindowsFormsCustomDocument4057ap  pBut i do that and it works, but not as expected, becouse the grid is loading all the 500 registers once, with a scrollbar.p  pI tried this one as well using EntityFramework Server mode, but the result is the same as above a hrefhttpsdocumentation.devexpress.comWPFCustomDocument8601 relnofollowhttpsdocumentation.devexpress.comWPFCustomDocument8601ap  pI would like to know how can I page the grid showing the number of rows that i want per page, and when i change the page, the database is consulted again.p  pThe DbContext classp  precode  public partial class TestContext  DbContext       public TestContext          basenameTestContext                protected override void OnModelCreatingDbModelBuilder modelBuilder              throw new UnintentionalCodeFirstException           public DbSetltTestModelgt TestModel get set                                                                      codepre  pThe MainForm with the devexpress gridViewp  precode public Main              InitializeComponent          entityServerModeSource1.QueryableSource  new TestContext.TestModel       codepre  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pC question Write a program that will calculate total savings by a student with hisher parents contribution.  The students parents have agreed to add to the students savings based the percentage the student saved using the schedule given below This is the ifelse if I used to find out the parents contribution. I now have to make this program again except with a switch statement. I dont know exactly how to do that. The user inputs total earnings, and amount he decided to put away. My course just started so I have to use very simple processes to do this thank you Heres the first versionp  precodepercentsaved  moneysaved  moneyearned           calculates the percent of how much was saved  if percentsaved lt.05                               this ifelse if statement assigns the parents percentage of contribution to their students saving      parents  .01  else if percentsaved gt .05 ampamp percentsaved lt .1      parents  .025  else if percentsaved gt .1 ampamp percentsaved lt .15      parents  .08  else if percentsaved gt .15 ampamp percentsaved lt .25      parents  .125  else if percentsaved gt .25 ampamp percentsaved lt .35      parents  .15  else      parents  .2   parentsmoney  parentsmoneyearned                  using the correct percentage, this creates the amount of money parents will contribute totalsavings  parentsmoney  moneysaved           this adds together the parents contribution and the students savings  codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to use the media codeattributecode in the codesourcecode tag in some html5 codevideocode. Firefox loads each of the correct three sized videos on page load, but Chrome is loading the small video on all page widths. emScroll to the right in the code if you cant see the codemediacode attribute.emp  pThe codevideocode tag uses codejscode to choose the appropriate codepostercode depending on page width. In case youre wondering what is going on there. p  pI use codeCSScode to make the codevideocode tag fluid, but Im trying to spare the large download for nondesktop users based on page width.p  pIve seen a few things that the codemediacode attribute may not be supported and was wondering if that is why this fails in Chrome or if Im doing it wrong. Or if I should try to just accomplish this using javascript and swap out the codesrccode attribute in the codesourcecode tag.p  pIf the codemediacode attribute isnt supported, can someone link me up, or even send a LetMeGoogleThatForYou link if you want to humble me.p  precodeltvideo poster dataposterlargeposter.jpg datapostermediumpostermedium.jpg datapostersmallpostersmall.jpg controlsgt            ltsource typevideowebmcodecsampquotvp8, vorbisampquot srcvideosmall.webm mediaall and maxwidth480pxgtltsourcegt   ltsource typevideomp4codecsampquotavc1.42E01E, mp4a.40.2ampquot srcvideosmall.mp4 mediaall and maxwidth480pxgtltsourcegt   ltsource typevideowebmcodecsampquotvp8, vorbisampquot srcvideomedium.webm mediaall and minwidth480px and maxwidth800pxgtltsourcegt   ltsource typevideomp4codecsampquotavc1.42E01E, mp4a.40.2ampquot srcvideomedium.mp4 mediaall and minwidth480px and maxwidth800pxgtltsourcegt    ltsource typevideowebmcodecsampquotvp8, vorbisampquot srcvideo.webmgtltsourcegt   ltsource typevideomp4codecsampquotavc1.42E01E, mp4a.40.2ampquot srcvideo.mp4gtltsourcegt   ltsmallgtTHIS BROWSER DOES NOT HAVE NATIVE VIDEO SUPPORTltsmallgt ltvideogt codepre  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIm having trouble trying to navigate automatically between pages in my Windows 8.1 app based on a little check. It just doesnt want to navigate to another page when doing this in codeLoadStatecode, as if something isnt loaded yet, but it doesnt give an error either. When I insert a delay using for example codeawait Task.Delay2000code before doing codeFrame.Navigatecode, then my app will redirect without any problem.p  precodeprotected async override void LoadStateObject navigationParameter, DictionaryltString, Objectgt pageState              MyData oData  await getData          if oData  null                       this.Frame.NavigatetypeofnewPage, oData                  else                        do something else                codepre  pDo I have to put this code in another load or navigatedevent Or how can I make this workp
Negative 110 pI am new to connection management in strongjboss and hibernatestrong.I have an application using strongspring  hibernatestrong running on strongjboss 7.Istrong did some reading but have few doubts nowp  ol liHow are connections and threads related to access a application.li liSuppose i have maximum pool size of 10.Does it mean only 10 threads can access my application to perform database operations at a timeli ol  pIf no, what happens when there are more than 10 threads say 15 or 20 accessing itp  pstrongDoes other threads wait for running threads to complete and they run nextstrongp  porp  pstrongThis results in a connection error like no managed connections availablestrongp
Negative 110 pI am having difficulty figuring out how to correctly change screens using the onpress attribute of a button inside of a ModalView widget.p  pOn pressing the button in the ModalView, I want the screen to change to the gamescreenname defined in the Game1HomeScreen class and other GameHomeScreen classes as is done with the NewGameButton and SavedGameButton below. This app has multiple games, so I would rather not make a call directly to Game1HomeScreen1.gamescreenname and want to instead keep it generic, so gamescreenname takes on the value of the class from which NewGamePopup is called.p  pWhat is a good way to do thisp  pThe main.py codep  precodeclass Game1HomeScreenScreen     gamescreenname  game1gameboardscreenname   class NewGamePopupModalView     pass   class GamesAppApp      sm  ScreenManager      def shownewgamepopupself         p  NewGamePopup         p.open      def prevscreenself         self.sm.current  self.gamescreenname this line does not work of course, because there is no gamescreenname variable in the NewGamePopup class. codepre  pThe .kv codep  precodeltNewGamePopupgt     sizehint .5, .3     NewGameBoxLayout         padding [10,10,10,10]         orientation vertical         Label             fontname fontsplayce.ttf             fontsize 14sp             markup True             text [color000000]Are you sure Current game will be erased[color]         Button             fontname fontsplayce.ttf             fontsize 14sp             text Confirm             backgroundnormal imgredbutton5.png             backgrounddown imgredbutton5.png             sizehinty None             onpress root.dismiss app.prevscreen  ltGame1HomeScreengt     GeneralBoxLayout         BannerGridLayout1         BodyBoxLayout             rows 2             Image                 source imglogo.png                 sizehint 1.0,.9             GridLayout                 cols 2                 spacing 5dp                 padding 5dp                 sizehint 1.0,.1                 NewGameButton                     id game1                     onpress                         if savedgame1.disabled  False app.shownewgamepopup                         else root.manager.current  root.gamescreenname savedgame1.disabled  False                 SavedGameButton                     id savedgame1                     onpress root.manager.current  root.gamescreenname         FooterGridLayout             ReturnButton                 text Return to main menu                 onpress root.manager.current  home codepre
Negative 110 pOk I am creating an ADT for a singly linked list. I have a Struct name List that stores the pointer to the first nodefirst item in the list, which is also a structand size. The node stores first name and a pointer to the next node. Here are the sturctsp  precodetypedef struct List ListP  struct List    ListP head    int size      struct node    char name[20]    nodeP next     codepre  pFirst I called malloc to give me memory for struct Listp  precodeListP newList     newList  mallocsizeofstruct List should I typecast this to ListP      if newList  NULL          fprintfstderr, Memory allocation failed          else         newListgthead  NULL             newListgtsize  0             codepre  pThen I called malloc again to give me memory for the first nodep  precodestruct node new     newNode  mallocsizeofstruct node     if newNode  NULL          fprintfstderr, Memory allocation failed          else         newNodegtname  Jay         newNodegtnext  NULL   codepre  pNow that I have my List and a new node, I assigned listhead to the address of the new nodep  pnewListhead  newNodep  pUntill this time the compiler doesnt complain. But when I try to access the elements in the first node using the pointer that I have for the listp  precodename  newListgtheadgtname codepre  pThe compiler complains that struct List has no member named namep  pHow can I access the field in struct node, assuming that I only have pointer to the struct List and Listhead is pointing to the first node. Any help would be appreciated.p
Negative 110 pI have a system with quite complex business logic, so far I have around 1015 database tables resources, and this number is growing. The frontend for user is angularjs single page application. The problem is communication with backend and keeping angular frontend sychronized with backend data.p  pBackend keeps all resources and relationships between them, this is obvious. And frontend fetches those resources and keeps copy of them locally to make interface much more responsive for user and avoid fetching data at every request. And this is awesome.p  pServerside has many operations which affect many resources at once. What it means is that addingremovingediting one resource via REST api can modify a lot of other resources.p  pI want frontend app data to be always fully synchronized with backend data. This allows me to keep data integrity and keep my application bugfree. Any kind of desynchronization is a big no no, it introduces hundreds of places where undefined behaviours could possibly occur in my frontend app.p  pThe question is what is the best way to achieve that My ideasinsightsp  ol lipBusiness logic modifyingeditingdeleting resources, managing relationships, keeping data integrity must be implemented only once. Doubling business logic implementation one in frontend and one in backend introduces a lot of potential bugs and involves code duplication which is obviously a bad thing. If business logic was implemented in frontend, backend still would have to validate data and keep their integrity  duplication of business logic. So, the business logic MUST be in backend, period.pli lipI use REST API. When my frontend updates one resource or many resources via PATCH method, a lot of sideeffects happen in serverside, other resources get modified too. I want my frontend angular app to know WHICH resources got modified and update them to keep full synchronization. REST returns only the resource which was originally requested to update, without other affected resources.pli ol  pI know that that I could use some form of linking resources, and to send my original updated resource with links to other affected resources. But what if there are 100 of them Making 100 requests to server is total performance kill.p  ol start3 lipI am not very attached to REST, because my API is not public, it could be anything. I think that the best solution would be backend sending back ALL modified resources. This would allow my frontend to always be in sync with backend, would be fast and would be atomic no invalid intermediate state between multiple requests to server. I think that this architecture would be awesome. The question is is this a common approach Are there any protocols  standards  libs allowing me to do this We could write it from scratch, but we dont want to reinvent the wheel.pli lipActually, I think that having business logic in frontend and backend would be good, but ONLY if it would be implemented once. This means Javascript backend application. Unfortunately, at the time being, this is not possible solution for me.pli ol  pAny insight will be welcomep  pAdded backbone.js tag, because question is much more about architecture than any specific technology.p
Negative 110 pI have a problem when removing entrys from a BindingList in connection with a DataGridView Here some informations firstp  pI have a class p  precodepublic class DeliveryTimeListltTgt  IEnumerableltTgt, IDeliveryTimeObject where T  IDeliveryTimeData codepre  pwhich implements this interface  p  precodepublic interface IDeliveryTimeObject  IListSource codepre  pI use this DeliveryTimeList in a DataGridView.p  pMy class contains a List with visible objects p  precodeprivate ListltTgt visibleList codepre  pBecause i implement the IListSource i have this Methodp  precodepublic IList GetList      BindingListltTgt blt  new BindingListltTgtvisibleList     return blt  codepre  pWhen now removing an entry from my visibleList i get a System.IndexOutOfRangeException. I cant figure out why this is happening. Shouldnt the BindingList handle this p
Negative 110 pHow can I create this layout, using codeinlineblockcode, instead of codefloatcodesbr The only change that can be made to the HTML, is the order of A and B.p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.neta2envebj4 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.neta2envebj4ap  pThe HTMLp  precodeltdiv idrootgt   ltdiv idAgtltdivgt   ltdiv idBgtltdivgt   ltdiv idCgtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pThe CSSp  precode      margin0     padding0  root      width450px     height300px     backgroundcolor CCC  A      float left     width 200px     height240px     backgroundcolor green  B      floatleft     width 200px     height120px     backgroundcolor yellow  C      float left     width 200px     height 120px     backgroundcolor orange  codepre
Negative 110 pIm thinking about a SinglePageApplication a hrefhttpsjquerymobile.com relnofollowjQueryMobilea with a header and a footer which gets attached to every new page codedatarolepagecode I create.p  pThe reason Im thinking about this is that were developing apps and every time I create a new page in my SPA Im going to add the standard layout like the following.p  precodeHeader ScrollableWrapper Footer codepre  pHow would I create a page, which automatically attaches a copy of these templates HeaderFooter to every new page. p  pHow could this be realised JavaScript Or does jQuery give me a feature for doing this p  pI would like to shrink my whole code and compress it therefore it would be great to do it like how I have described. p
Negative 110 pIs there a possibility to use a value from a column which shouldnt be updated for updating the value of another column For example, something like thisp  pTable codeproductid, colorid, amount, receivedcodep  pQueryp  precodeINSERT INTO orders productid, colorid, amount VALUES 100, 101, 5,100,102,3 ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE     productidvaluesproductid,     coloridvaluescolorid,     amountreceivedvaluesamount codepre  pSo, if there isnt an existing key a row will inserted with the amount value, but if there is a unique key the amount value is the value of the column received plus the amount value from the query.p
Negative 110 pIm making a game in SDL and I am using an Array of Rects to store values of sprite sheet clips dimensions. When I call the function and pass in one of my sprite sheet textures with its corresponding Rect array, it sets the values of those Rects for that sprite sheet. Currently it is working for one of my sprite sheets but I cant understand why it isnt working for the other.p  pIn my TextureManager.h I declared these Rectsp  precodeSDLRect playerSpriteClips[27] SDLRect playerStandStillRightClips[22] codepre  pFor the Clip setting function I pass in how many frames are in the sprite sheet, the rect array, the TextureManager object associated with that sprite sheet texture, the number of character frames per row, and how many rows there are. With the characters per row and number of rows, I can find the width and height of each character frame. I then run a for loop for as long as there are frames and each time it loops it sets the values for the entire array.p  pInside AnimationClips.cppp  precodevoid AnimationClipssetClipsint numFrames, SDLRect clipRect[], TextureManager texture, int rowChars, int columnChars      int sheetWidth  texture.getWidth     int sheetHeight  texture.getHeight      int characterWidth     int characterHeight      int widthMultiplier  0     int heightMultiplier  0      characterWidth  sheetWidth  rowChars     characterHeight  sheetHeight  columnChars      for int i  0 i lt numFrames i               If finish one row, go to the bottom left of the next row         if characterWidth  widthMultiplier gt sheetWidth                      heightMultiplier             widthMultiplier  0                  set the x values until it reaches the end of the row         if characterWidth  widthMultiplier lt sheetWidth                      clipRect[i].x  0  characterWidth  widthMultiplier                   clipRect[i].y  0  characterHeight  heightMultiplier         clipRect[i].w  characterWidth         clipRect[i].h  characterHeight          widthMultiplier        codepre  pI load the textures up in my loadMedia function in my Application class and then call this function, passing in the number of frames, the Rect array, the texture object, and the characters per row and number of rowsp  precodeLoad the sprite sheet playerTextureRight.loadFromFileplayerright.png Set the sprite sheet clips animationClips.setClips27, playerSpriteSheet.playerSpriteClips, playerSpriteSheet, 7, 4 codepre  pThis right here sets the Rect array for this sprite sheet perfectly and it animates. My problem is that when I call the function again to set the values for a different Rect array, it doesnt work and all the values of that rect remain 0.p  pThis time I call the setClips function and use the playerStandStillRightClips rect array.p  precodeanimationClips.setClips22, playerSpriteSheet.playerStandStillRightClips, playerStandStillRight, 22, 1 codepre  pThis function call does absolutely nothing for some reason and does not set the values for that Rect. I dont know what the problem isp
Negative 110 pFrom some time now Im trying to learn about Socketing programming in c. Ive been looking over many msdn, stackoverflow and codeproject projects, discussions and examples.p  pI rewrote them, I used debug and step in  in Visual Studio, I took it line by line and now Im on my little project. It is a mini  chat console application. Let me describe the code and at the bottom I will give you my problems.p  pstrongServerstrongp  pMainp  ol lipIve started a server, a codeTcpListenercode on ip 0.0.0.0 and port 8000.pli lipIve created a thread on a method that accept my clients  used 3 threads, this is one of them, the first  and started it.pli ol  pMethod Accept Clientsp  ol lipIve used a codeTcpClientcode to accept Tcp Clients from the codeTcpListenercode in a codewhiletruecode.pli lipIve got the stream out of that client and Ive created a streamReader and a streamWriter over that stream.pli lipIve started a thread, the second one, in which Ive done the logic for writing.pli lipAnd Ive stared the 3rd thread in witch Ive done the logic for the reading.pli ol  pHeres the codep  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.IO using System.Linq using System.Net using System.Net.Sockets using System.Text using System.Threading using System.Threading.Tasks  namespace TcpServer      class TcpServer              static TcpListener tcpL         static TcpClient tcpC         static NetworkStream nStream         static StreamWriter sW         static StreamReader sR         static ListltTcpClientgt lTcp          static void Mainstring[] args                      Console.WriteLine gtgt Server Started             tcpL  new TcpListenerIPAddress.Parse0.0.0.0, 8000             tcpL.Start             Thread accClients  new ThreadacceptClients             int counter  0             accClients.Startcounter               Console.ReadLine                   private static void acceptClientsobject obj                       while true                              tcpC  tcpL.AcceptTcpClient                  Console.WriteLine gtgt Client Connected                 nStream  tcpC.GetStream                 sW  new StreamWriternStream                 sR  new StreamReadernStream                 Console.WriteLine gtgt Data Transfer Established                   Thread thWrite  new ThreaddoWriteing                 thWrite.StartsW                 Thread thRead  new ThreaddoReading                 thRead.StartsR                                 private static void doWriteingobject obj                      StreamWriter sW  StreamWriterobj             while true                              sW.WriteLineConsole.ReadLine                 sW.Flush                                private static void doReadingobject obj                      StreamReader sR  StreamReaderobj              while true                              string linie                 try                                      linie  sR.ReadLine                     Console.WriteLinelinie                                   catch Exception                                      continue                                              codepre  pstrongAnd the Clientstrongp  pThis one is quite simple.p  pMainp  ol lipIve connected the codeTcpClientcode on ip 127.0.0.1 and port 8000.pli lipIve got the stream out of the codeTcpClientcode.pli lipCreated a codeStreamWritercode and a codeStreamReadercode over that stream.pli lipStarted 2 threads for Writing and Reading.pli ol  pHeres the codep  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.IO using System.Linq using System.Net.Sockets using System.Text using System.Threading using System.Threading.Tasks  namespace TCPClient      class TCPClient              static TcpClient tcpC         static NetworkStream nStream         static void Mainstring[] args                      Console.WriteLine gtgt Client Started             tcpC  new TcpClient127.0.0.1, 8000             Console.WriteLine gtgt Client Connected              nStream  tcpC.GetStream             StreamWriter sW  new StreamWriternStream             StreamReader sR  new StreamReadernStream              Thread thWrite  new ThreaddoWriteing             thWrite.StartsW             Thread thRead  new ThreaddoReading             thRead.StartsR              Console.ReadLine                   private static void doWriteingobject obj                      StreamWriter sW  StreamWriterobj             while true                              sW.WriteLineConsole.ReadLine                 sW.Flush                                private static void doReadingobject obj                      StreamReader sR  StreamReaderobj             while true                              string linie                 try                                      linie  sR.ReadLine                     Console.WriteLinelinie                                  catch Exception                                      continue                                              codepre  pNow I have 3 big questionsp  ol liWhy, or maybe How, does the server send data to every thread to only one thread at a time  in the order they are created Please explain this to me, I really want to understand the process. Here is a sample it seems i cant post pictures li ol  pServe  sending p  precodegt  gtgt Server Started gt  gtgt Client Connected gt  gtgt Data Transfer Established gt  gtgt Client Connected gt  gtgt Data Transfer Established gt  gtgt Client Connected gt  gtgt Data Transfer Established . 1  2  3 4 5 6 codepre  pemClient 1em  receiveing p  precode gtgt Client Started  gtgt Client Connected 1 4 codepre  pemClient 2em  receiveingp  precode gtgt Client Started  gtgt Client Connected 2 5 codepre  pemClient 3em  receiveingp  precode gtgt Client Started  gtgt Client Connected 3 6 codepre  ol start2 lipHow can I send the data received by the server to all clients pli lipHow can I store them  What exactly to store  and in what  to be able to inform the server that this client id wants to send data to X client id.  for example client 1 wants to say I was on the beach to client 3 and I was home to client 2 pli ol  p I know there might appear many throws because I didnt programmed so defensively, but now I only want to learn and for me any exception that might appear can help. And I know that the first stream Flush doesnt arrive but in that case probably Ive done something wrong, for that problem Ill be investigating. p  p And important to mention The Clients are chatting only with the server, they dont see what the others clients write. And the server receive the data in the correct order p  pP.S. Please, if you take an interest in this problem, work with this code. I came here because I want to learn this things not because I search another trick or only to solve it.p
Negative 110 pI am unable to install datastax cassandra 2.0 on Ubuntu. I can install 2.1 without any problem but I need to run 2.0.9. I am following these steps, is there any thing that I can do to install 2.0p  precodeecho deb httpdebian.datastax.comcommunity stable main  sudo tee a etcaptsources.list.dcassandra.sources.list curl L httpdebian.datastax.comdebianrepokey  sudo aptkey add  sudo aptget update sudo aptget y install  dsc20 codepre  pand the error isp  precode sudo aptget y install  dsc20 Reading package lists... Done Building dependency tree        Reading state information... Done Some packages could not be installed. This may mean that you have requested an impossible situation or if you are using the unstable distribution that some required packages have not yet been created or been moved out of Incoming. The following information may help to resolve the situation  The following packages have unmet dependencies  dsc20  Depends cassandra  2.0.10 but 2.1.02 is to be installed E Unable to correct problems, you have held broken packages. codepre
Negative 110 pI have 3 custom dropdowns which open when clicked on down arrow image appended at the end, Code for the image is something like p  precodeltimg idxauto2017 classxformtrigger xformtriggerarrow   srcdataimagegifbase64,R0lGODlhAQABAIDAMDAwAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOwgt codepre  pp  pImage id are dynamic and are in order of like 2017, 2018 etc. So I cannot use contains and identify them uniquely.p  pI want to get them clicked one by one and select value from the dropdown. Please help how to identify them uniquely. p
Negative 110 precodeTwigErrorRuntime An exception has been thrown  during the rendering of a template Failed to start the session because headers have already been sent by userstargetskywwwglobeapploader.php at line 35. in site.twig at line 27. codepre  pI tested my application on XAMPP and now I setup it on a real server. I use Silex, a Miniframework on top of Symfony. The Error comes from my basetemplate site.twigp  precode for status, flashes in app.session.flashbag.all                for flash in flashes                   if status  success                       set icon  check                      etc. codepre  pTwig dont have access to the session codeapp.session.flashbag.allcode p  pCan someone help mep  pP.S Do I have to start the session explicitly on real server or is that done in the application setupp
Negative 110 pI have an activity with 3 tabs. Ive used ActionBar.Tab class to add this tabs. Each of this tabs contain a fragment  and in this fragment Ive added a menu overriding onCreateOptionsMenu.p  pWhen I open this activity the menu items are displayed only after I manually select a second tab, and after that the items are displayed as they should.p  pCan anyone please explain to my why this weird behavior and how I can overcome itp
Negative 110 pim developing an app with youtube playlist using the youtubeapi for Android. After reading the a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comyoutubetermshles relnofollowterms of servicea, i see that it could be a problem including ads like Admob, because is a way to monetize the app. Anyway, id like to know if there is any way to include Admob making it compatible with the terms of use from Youtube. For instance, im thinking about including ads only opening and closing the app, not while accesing the videos or after playback, what do you thinkp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIm looking for a strategy for destroying Eloquent aggregates, e.g. models that contain other models.p  pIn Ruby on Railss ActiveRecord, there is a codedependent destroycodeoption that can be placed when defining relations, meaning that if e.g. an codeordercode is deleted, then the codeorderlinescode must go too.p  pIs there something similar in Laravel Or any other alternatives besides manually cleaning up and wrapping it in a transactionp
Negative 110 pIm trying to get a shortcut target link. In other words, Im trying to get the directory of a program which is being run by the shortcut. I get the shortcut file with this selects the shortcut of chromep  precodeDim path  IO.Path.CombineEnvironment.GetFolderPathEnvironment.SpecialFolder.ApplicationData,                            MicrosoftInternet ExplorerQuick LaunchUser PinnedTaskBar Dim filter  chrome Dim files  From fl In IO.Directory.GetFilespath             Where fl.Containsfilter             Select fl  For Each fl In files      we get file shortcut as fl here. But how to get shortcut target url   Next codepre  pHow can I get the target url of the shortcut p
Negative 110 pIm trying to write a functionsubroutine which calculates binomial coefficients for large n and k n choose k.  A couple days ago I posted a subroutine which worked okay but with very slight decimal error.  The problem seemed to be due to dividing very large numbers.  Anyway, I thought it might be better to try a recursive algorithm as addition might not have this problem.  Additionally, given the large numbers involved memorization would be necessary.  Here is a function I wrote in the statistical language R, which seems to work pretty well,p  precode optionsscipen100  mm lt matrix0,100,100  combo lt function n,k         if k1         returnn                if kn         return1                if mm[n,k]  0         returnmm[n,k]                if k1 amp nk         ans ltlt combon1,k  combon1,k1        mm[n,k] ltlt ans        returncombon1,k  combon1,k1            combo40,20 codepre  pI need to be able to do the same thing in FORTRAN 95.  Here is the recursive code without memorization, which works finep  precode program fctrecur  implicit none  integer kind8 i,j,combo   print,What is n  read,i   print,What is k  read,j   print,comboi,j  end     recursive function combon,k resultcmb  implicit none  integer kind8 n,k,cmb  if k .EQ. n then     cmb  1  endif  if k .EQ. 1 then     cmb  n  endif  if k .NE. 1 .AND. k .NE. n then     cmb  combon1,k1  combon1,k  endif        end function codepre  pMy question is...can the above FORTRAN program be modified to incorporate memorization  I have tried to mimic the R function but nothing seems to work.  Thanks, Jerryp  pThe module suggestion from Vladimir F works very well...but I cant get it to work as an internal function.  Heres the codep  precode program fctrecur  implicit none  integer, parameter  iknd  selectedintkind18  integerkindiknd  mm100,100  integer kindiknd i,j,combo   print,What is n  read,i   print,What is k  read,j   print,comboi,j  end   recursive function combon,k resultcmb  integer, parameter  iknd  selectedintkind18  integerkindiknd  cmb  integerkindiknd, intentin  n,k  if k  n then     cmb  1 else if k  1 then     cmb  n else if mmn,k 0  then         print,hello     cmb  mmn,k else if k  1 .and. k  n then     cmb  combon1,k1  combon1,k     mmn,k  cmb end if         end function codepre  pwhich gives the following error The left hand side of an assignment statement must be a variable or a function result for the line mmn,k  cmb.  Even if I declare the array mm within the function it doesnt work it works, but ignores the memoization, mmn,kcmb p  pI figured it out...p  precode program fctrecur  implicit none  integer i,j,mm50,50   print,What is n  read,i   print,What is k  read,j   print,comboi,j   contains  recursive function combon,k resultcmb  implicit none  integer cmb  integer, intentin  n,k   if k  n then     cmb  1  else if k  1 then     cmb  n  else if mmn,k 0  then         print,hello     cmb  mmn,k  else if k  1 .and. k  n then     cmb  combon1,k1  combon1,k     mmn,k  cmb  end if         end function  end program codepre  pI just used regular INTEGER for now...will adjust to allow much larger n and k.p  pHere is the final code that works well for quite large n and kp  pmain programp  precode program fctrecur  use binom  implicit none  integer i,j   print , What is n  read , i   allocatemmi,i  mm  0.D0   print , What is k  read , j   print ,comboi,j   end codepre  pmodulep  precode module binom  implicit none   integer, parameter  iknd  selectedrealkind31  realiknd, allocatable   mm,   contains   recursive function combon,k resultcmb  real kindiknd  cmb  integer, intentin  n,k     if k  n then     cmb  real1,16  else if k  1 then     cmb  realn,16  else if mmn,k 0  then     cmb  mmn,k  else if k  1 .and. k  n then     cmb  combon1,k1  combon1,k     mmn,k  cmb  end if        end function   end module codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to write javascript that will map all the unique paths from root to leaf, each node can connect to the adjacent node on the next line. For example the root can connect to next row as 4,2 or 4,4. A unique path the the leaf would be 4,2,4,2,1p  precode             4             2 4            6 4 2           7 4 2 1          9 4 2 1 4 codepre  pI was able to convert the triangle into a 2D array that is structured like this.p  precodea[0]  [4] a[1]  [2,4] a[2]  [6,4,2] a[3]  [7,4,2,1] a[4]  [9,4,2,1,4] codepre  pI want to find all the paths from root to leaf such asp  precode4,2,6,7,9 4,2,6,7,4 4,2,6,4,4 codepre  pIm new to Depth First Search and Breadth first search. Could this be achieved with those algorithms p
Negative 110 pIve searched around but I cant seem to find an appropriate explaination behind the concept of unique and non unique indexes in a database.p  pIn Rails, for example, you can create unique and non unique indexes for a given field, as explained at a hrefhttprailsguides.netadvancedrailsmodelgenerators relnofollowhttprailsguides.netadvancedrailsmodelgeneratorsa p  pWhat I dont understand is if the purpose of an index is to set a shortcut to a value position in a table for faster accessing it, then how could multiple values share the same indexp  pSay for example Im storing emails in a table, and I want to index their values positions.  If so far I get it right, in case I have non unique indexes, then the DB could have foobar.com indexed at position 150 and barfoo.com also indexed at position 150.  So if I end up having say 100 different values at position 150, doesnt this defeat the purpose of indexing in the first place if the DB would still have to search through all the values at 150 to find the exact record I needp  pHow does this make sense p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIm coming across this problem regarding validating a unique permalink for a blog post that is created by a certain user. The schemap  precodeusers id, username  posts id, title, permalink  usersposts id, userid, postid codepre  pNow when a user submits new blog post, he has to select a unique permalink for his post, but this permalink should just be unique for him only meaning another user can use that permalink as long as that permalink is unique amongst that users posts.p  pHow could I use Laravel validator to do this I suspect theres any built in validator so I have to roll out my own validator, but Im not even sure how to write a query to check this.p  pCan somebody show me a query string that helps solve thisp
Negative 110 pI have an application that is depending on its ability to upload files.p  pHowever im experianceing some problems with my file upload after i changed some of the settings in my PHP.init file.p  pFirst some important informationp  ul liThe server is an ubuntu 14.04li lii am using codeApachecode 2.4li ul  pNow it all started with my clients not being able to upload bigger files onto my server. So what i did was change the settings in my codephp.inicodep  pnote that i am here codeetcphp5apache2php.inicodep  precode Maximum allowed size for uploaded files.  httpphp.netuploadmaxfilesize uploadmaxfilesize  250M    Maximum size of POST data that PHP will accept.  Its value may be 0 to disable the limit. It is ignored if POST data reading  is disabled through enablepostdatareading.  httpphp.netpostmaxsize postmaxsize  500M codepre  pAfter applying these changes i called the command codesudo service apache2 restartcodep  pI then attempted to upload a file with the following size code82.4 MBcodep  pin php i am using the following function to handle my uploadp  precode    public function uploadFile      if thisgtisAjax          compid  POST[compid]         name  FILES[file1][name]         name  substrname, strposname, ., strlenname         switch name              case .jpg             case .png             case .jpeg             case .bmp             case .JPG             case .PNG             case .JPEG             case .BMP                     FILES[file1][name]  imagefile.name                 break             case .MP4             case .mp4                 FILES[file1][name]  mp4file.name                 break             case .FLV             case .flv             FILES[file1][name]  flvfile.name                 break             case .MP3             case .mp3             FILES[file1][name]  soundfile.name             break             case .docx             case .txt             case .pdf             case .odt             case .DOCX             case .TXT             case .PDF             case .ODT                 FILES[file1][name]  documentfile.name                 break             default                 dieUnknownnot permitted file type                  location  .siteresourcesuploadtestmodule . compid .  . FILES[file1][name]         if fileexists.siteresourcesuploadtestmodule . compid .               mkdir.siteresourcesuploadtestmodule . compid . , 0777, true                  moveuploadedfileFILES[file1][tmpname],             location          chmodlocation, 777         path  siteresourcesuploadtestmodule . compid .  . FILES[file1][name]         chmodpath, 777          switch name              case .jpg             case .png             case .jpeg             case .bmp             case .JPG             case .PNG             case .JPEG             case .BMP                 thisgtgetDatabasegtprepTemplateUPDATE testcomponent SET imagepath   WHERE id  , si, arraypath, compid                 break             case .MP4             case .mp4                 if FILES[file1][type]  audiomp3                      thisgtgetDatabasegtprepTemplateUPDATE testcomponent SET videomp4path   WHERE id  , si, arraypath, compid                  else                      thisgtgetDatabasegtprepTemplateUPDATE testcomponent SET soundpath   WHERE id  , si, arraypath, compid                                  break             case .FLV             case .flv                 thisgtgetDatabasegtprepTemplateUPDATE testcomponent SET videoflvpath   WHERE id  , si, arraypath, compid                 break             case .MP3             case .mp3                 thisgtgetDatabasegtprepTemplateUPDATE testcomponent SET soundpath   WHERE id  , si, arraypath, compid                 break             case .docx             case .txt             case .pdf             case .odt             case .DOCX             case .TXT             case .PDF             case .ODT                 thisgtgetDatabasegtprepTemplateUPDATE testcomponent SET textpath   WHERE id  , si, arraypath, compid                 break             default                 dieUnknownnot permitted file type                codepre  pAs you can see from this function i attempt to set permissions to the folder and file to make sure that i can access them afterwards.p  pWhile uploading i tried to follow the process and noticed that no folder is created on the server and no file is added.p  pSo something tells me that the upload failed in some way.p  pUntill i changed the settings in php.ini i could upload smaller files however right now im not even able to upload files with the size of code4 MBcode. or any other filesp  pThe upload works on my local machine without any issues but not on my server.p  pHas anyone experianced this before or have any idea of what it might bep  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pAfter adding an error print i get the following errorp  precode    Warning chmod No such file or directory in varwwwtestlearningbanksitepagesmodelsTestMaker.php on line 263  Warning chmod No such file or directory in varwwwtestlearningbanksitepagesmodelsTestMaker.php on line 265 codepre  pAnd printing out the file gives mep  precodenameVaksDCK.mp4,type,tmpname,error1,size0 codepre  pWorth noticing here is that error  1 and size  0p
Negative 110 pI am trying to relevel a data.framedata.table so that a treetype classification function can be performed. ctree requires that all pertinent columns of the DF have the same classes and levels for factors as the original data. Ive also rolled up low samplesize levels into a catchall group Other for each variable. Ideas for how to restructure this whole idea are welcome but this is the basic format Ive developed so far.p  precodedf lt data.framevar1  ca,b,c,d, var2  cA,B,C,D, var3  c1,2,3,4 level.list lt listvar1  ca,b,c, Other, var2  cA, B, C, Other codepre  pI can write a for loop that easily takes care of what I want, but Id rather not have to resort to that.p  precodefori in nameslevel.list     df[ , i] lt as.characterdf    df[df[ , i] in level.list[[i]], i] lt Other    df[ , i] lt factordf[ , i], levels  level.list[[i]]  codepre  pSome method that would let me loop over the names of level.list and pass the correct column from df and the vector of levels from level.list to a function like the one below is what Im hoping for.p  precodelevelthis lt functionthis.data, levels    this.data lt as.characterthis.data   this.data[this.data in levels ] lt Other   factorthis.data, levels  levels  codepre  pAs this is inside a monte carlo simulation, an individual datum can change dynamically by a transition matrix. Even if one of these levels that gets lumped into Other is not a top significance effect at one classification point, doesnt mean it wont be somewhere else.p
Negative 110 pIn gnuplot Im using 5.1 CVS one can specify missing data codeset datafile missing code for example and gnuplot also knows invalid data like codeNaNcode or code10code.p  pHow can I conditionally react to them If my data has one of them I emsometimesem i.e. on some columns, but not on all want to do something else instead of just skipping them. So, basically I want to say pseudocodep  precodeplot datafile using 12  MISSING  34  2  codepre  pI can use codestrcol2code to check the column content, but this does not work for the string specified by missing codeset datafile missing code because the string specified by codeset datafile missingcode seems to have a higher importance, because I cant check it using codecolstrcode gnuplot stops handling the datapoint before it even comes to evaluating codestrcolcode.p  pMy data can have missing data in several columns. If it is, for example, missing in column 2 I just want a gap in the data like its invalid, but if it is in column 3 I want it to plot something else instead and not leaving a gap.p  pFor invalid data like the predefined codeNaNcode this works perfectly fine. It is skipped when appearing in the data, but I can also react to it by saying codestrcol2  NaN  34  2code. So for invalid data, gnuplot first evaluates codestrcolcode if and only if it is there.p  pI can simulate this behaviour by using two missing chars, one that I use for codeset datafile missingcode and another one that I use for codestrcolcode checks. But this is an ugly workaround, I would have to edit my datafiles and replacing half of the missing chars by hand. Is there a way to handle missing also data conditionally, like one can handle invalid datap
Negative 110 pI have a list, in its default view all item, it is sorting by the ID by default, I need to use CSOM to change sort column to Title column, how should I do thatp
Negative 110 pim using Laravel for a fairly simple app.p  pi have this in a controller function working greatp  precode    ifRequestajax              joke  Jokewheretype, , kidgtgetgtrandom1          if Sessionhasjoke                      Sessionforgetjoke                   Sessionputjoke, joke         return Responsejsonjoke      codepre  phowever, if I change the last lines top  precodeSessionputjoke, joke user  jokegtuser return Responsejson[ joke gt joke, user gt user codepre  pthe ajax call succeeds but i cant use joke or user in my JS anymore.p  phere is the ajax callp  precode.ajax         type POST,         url url,         data  rating userRating ,         success functiondata             var textString  Thanks for rating This little gems score is a sweet   data.joke.rating               .jokeRating.htmltextString          ,         error function              load a message indicating it didnt work             .jokeRating.htmlIt didnt work, sorry         ,      codepre  pwhat i would like to add is something likep  precodevar authorString    data.user.name             .author.htmlauthor codepre  pthe eloquent relationship is set up correctly. jokeuser definitely works, as I placedp  precodeRoutegetvar, function  joke  Jokefind1 user  jokegtuser dduser  codepre  pin routes.php and it comes through perfectly.p  pwhere am i tripping upp
Negative 110 pIm trying to setup hierarchical roles in my Spring Boot app without success. Ive done all thats been said in different places in the Internet. But with none of them have I been able to solve the issue.p  pHere is the code of my SecurityConfig class. When I login in the app with a user with ROLEADMIN it should be able to retrieve data from users, but currently I receive an Access Denied Exception. If the user has the ROLEUSER credential, it works fine. Can anyone help me figure it out what is failing Thanks in advance. p  precodeConfiguration EnableWebMvcSecurity EnableGlobalMethodSecuritysecuredEnabled  true, prePostEnabled  true public class WebSecurityConfig extends WebSecurityConfigurerAdapter       Autowired     private SigpaUserDetailsService userDetailsService      Bean     public RoleHierarchyImpl roleHierarchy          RoleHierarchyImpl roleHierarchy  new RoleHierarchyImpl         roleHierarchy.setHierarchyROLEADMIN gt ROLEUSER         return roleHierarchy           Bean     public RoleHierarchyVoter roleVoter               return new RoleHierarchyVoterroleHierarchy           Bean      public DefaultWebSecurityExpressionHandler expressionHandler         DefaultWebSecurityExpressionHandler expressionHandler  new DefaultWebSecurityExpressionHandler         expressionHandler.setRoleHierarchyroleHierarchy         return expressionHandler           Bean     SuppressWarningsvalue   rawtypes      public AffirmativeBased accessDecisionManager                 ListltAccessDecisionVotergt decisionVoters  new ArrayListltAccessDecisionVotergt         WebExpressionVoter webExpressionVoter  new WebExpressionVoter         webExpressionVoter.setExpressionHandlerexpressionHandler         decisionVoters.addwebExpressionVoter         decisionVoters.addroleVoter         return new AffirmativeBaseddecisionVoters           Override     protected void configureHttpSecurity http throws Exception          http             .authorizeRequests             .accessDecisionManageraccessDecisionManager             .expressionHandlerexpressionHandler             .antMatchersusers                 .accesshasRoleROLEUSER             .anyRequest.authenticated         http             .formLogin                 .loginPagelogin.permitAll                 .and             .logout                 .permitAll           Override     protected void configureAuthenticationManagerBuilder registry             throws Exception          registry.userDetailsServiceuserDetailsService       codepre  pstrongUpdatestrong Here is the code updated with your suggestion, but still isnt working.p
Negative 110 pIm using Hapi.js for a project and a config variable that Im passing to my handler is coming up as emundefinedem when I call my route. What am I doing wrongp  pstrongserver.jsstrongp  precodevar Hapi  requirehapi var server  new Hapi.Server0.0.0.0, 8080   passing this all the way to the handler var config  number 1  var routes  require.routesconfig server.routeroutes  server.start codepre  pstrongroutes.jsstrongp  precodevar Home  require..controllershome  module.exports  functionconfig      var home  new Homeconfig     var routes  [         method GET,         path ,         handler home.index     ]     return routes  codepre  pstrongcontrollershome.jsstrongp  precodevar Home  functionconfig      this.config  config   Home.prototype.index  functionrequest, reply        localhost8080      I expected this to output number1 but it shows undefined     console.logthis.config       reply   module.exports  Home codepre
Negative 110 pI copied and past a D3.js based Pie Chart example code from oreilly eBook. I modified it so that I can put data in run time. Its working absolutely fine.p  pBut now I am facing a problem as I want to save this code with my own data in my database. But i am not getting it to how to do this. I search it over the internet but i did not get any thing.p  pIf you have any suggestion then it would be help for me.p  pThis is a link of oreilly book pie chart code. a hrefhttpjsbin.comacatof3edithtml,output relnofollowhttpjsbin.comacatof3edithtml,outputap
Negative 110 plast days i was working on my grammar to be able to calculate normal expressions like 225 22 or set variables like y55 etc. p  pNow i want to parse functions like fa,b2ab and then call them later like f5,7 Im having some troubles with that. p  pSo lets say i try to parse a functiondeclaration like this p  precodefunctionnameVar varNamesMultVarVar   VarNumber operator VarNumber SEMI codepre  pSo this kind of works, but i think its kinda dirty or whatever.  So im working with a listener and when im in exitFunction i dont really know how to handle the function best, so i can evaluate things like f5,7 very easy. p  pIm having a Javaclass called Function.java with the method codepublic double evaldouble... argscodep  pSo right now im having the attributes String codearguments String expression String namecode and then i need to spend a lot of time in the Listener and try to find the correct arguments etc in the String. So lot of substring, and indexOf etc just trying to find the name, the arguments and the expression. I save the function in a Hashmap then. p  pIn my parser a functions call looks like p  precodefunctioncall nameVart paraMultipleNumbers  SEMI codepre  pMultipleNumbers would be p  precodeMultipleNumber Number, Number codepre  pin the Lexer.  So then i try to get the arguments out of the String, and replace them in the function. Then i have a normal expression which my programm can solve again. p  pSince this seems to be too hard for me and its almost impossible to get all the correct substrings etc i think there must be a better way to implement things like this.  Especially when i wanna do things likep  precode fa,b2ab a5 fa,5 codepre  pits getting even harder, because i cant rly mix numbers and variables. So is there a good way to implement a function evaluator. Maybe i can save a whole tree in a Hashmap and then just change the variables inside the tree and parse it or  Think my grammar is pretty much horrible aswell for the task. p  pSince i didnt really work with antlr in the past, i appreciate every help.  Hope someone can help me. And sorry for my bad english, i hope youre able to understand me.p  pKind regardsp  pFelRPIp
Negative 110 pI am working with list view bindings as part of my xamarin forms. I could not able to see the data updated to list view even after data binding is done through xaml. With debugging i observed that, PropertyChanged event is null. The reason for getting this event null is  Not setting the data context properly. I set the data context as well but no data is populated in list view.p  pHere is my code.p  pSampleCode.Xamlp    precodeltContentPage      TitleListViewBinder      xmlnshttpxamarin.comschemas2014forms      xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2009xaml     xmlnslocalclrnamespaceSampleNSassemblySampleNS      xClassSampleNS.SampleCodegt ltContentPage.Contentgt         ltStackLayout OrientationVertical VerticalOptionsFillAndExpand gt             ltListView  xName listView ItemsSourceBinding lsData gt                             ltListView.ItemTemplategt                                 ltDataTemplategt                                     ltViewCellgt                                         ltViewCell.Viewgt                                             ltLabel TextBinding NamegtltLabelgt                                         ltViewCell.Viewgt                                     ltViewCellgt                                 ltDataTemplategt                             ltListView.ItemTemplategt                     ltListViewgt                 ltStackLayoutgt ltContentPage.Contentgt codepre  pViewModel.csp  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.ComponentModel using System.Runtime.CompilerServices  namespace SampleNS      public class ViewModel  INotifyPropertyChanged              private string name          public string Name                      get return name             set                      if value.Equalsname, StringComparison.Ordinal                                              return                                          name  value                 OnPropertyChangedname                                     public event PropertyChangedEventHandler PropertyChanged          void OnPropertyChanged [CallerMemberName] string propertyNamenull                      var handler  PropertyChanged             if handler  null                  handler this, new PropertyChangedEventArgs propertyName                             codepre  pSampleCode.Xaml.csp  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using Xamarin.Forms using Xamarin.Forms.Xaml  namespace SampleNS         public partial class SampleCode  ContentPage                 public static ListltViewModelgt lsData            private void init                          this.BindingContext  lsData             this.BindingContext  new ViewModel               this.LoadFromXaml typeofSampleCode              lsData  new ListltViewModelgt                                   new ViewModel  Name  VM1 ,                                 new ViewModel  Name  VM2 ,                                 new ViewModel  Name  VM3 ,                                 new ViewModel  Name  VM4 ,           codepre  pI assumed BindingContext is same as DataContext in WPF. Please suggest if i am wrongp  pI doubt about setting the BindingContext.  Please suggest me, where i am doing the mistake. Presently my PropertyChanged event is null and i dont see any data in my list view.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 110 pHello im trying to do app, which send Syn, Fin, Ack packet to blocked port on server. On server run daemon which listen this ports port knocking.  p  pHere is my example of TCP Syn packetp  precodebyte[] packetData  new byte[]  0x00, 0x23, 0xf8, 0x4e, 0x45, 0x7e, 0xf4, 0x6d, 0x04, 0x39, 0xd2, 0xeb, 0x08, 0x00, 0x45, 0x00, 0x00, 0x34, 0x13, 0xea, 0x40, 0x00, 0x80, 0x06, 0x61, 0x19, 0xc0, 0xa8, 0x01, 0x22, 0x5d, 0x59, 0x66, 0x9d, 0x65, 0x48, 0x00, 0x50, 0x05, 0xe6, 0x36, 0xbb, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x80, 0x02, 0x20, 0x00, 0x27, 0xde, 0x00, 0x00, 0x02, 0x04, 0x04, 0xec, 0x01, 0x03, 0x03, 0x08, 0x01, 0x01, 0x04, 0x02  codepre  pHow send this packet directly to server I cant established TCP connection obviously p  pThanks for some ideas.p
Negative 110 pit seems so many configuration files in linux, some files having extension .cfg and some files having .confp  pLittle bit confusion, what is the difference .cfg and .conf.p
Negative 110 pI have a flask application that has a view function that looks like thisp  precodeloginrequired app.routesuspecttrackernewlist, methods[GET, POST] def newlist     form  ListForm     if form.validateonsubmit         if form.private             privacysetting  1         else             privacysetting  0         newlist  Listnameform.name.data, lastupdateddatetime.utcnow, useridg.user.id, privateprivacysetting         db.session.addnewlist         db.session.commit         flashNew list s added  newlist.name         return redirectsuspecttracker  form.name.data     else         flashform.name.errors      return rendertemplatenewlist.html, titleMake a new list, formform codepre  pAnd I am attempting to write a test for it, with the test looking like thisp  precodefrom config import basedir from app import app, db from app.models import User, List, Suspect, SuspectList from flask import g from flasktesting import TestCase  class TestViewsTestCase     def createappself         app.config[TESTING]  True         app.config[WTFCSRFENABLED]  False         app.config[SQLALCHEMYDATABASEURI]  sqlite  os.path.joinbasedir, test.db         self.client  app.testclient          return app      def setUpself         self.app  self.createapp         db.createall          testuser  Usernicknametest          db.session.addtestuser         db.session.commit          g.user  User.query.filterbyid1.first      def tearDownself         db.session.remove         db.dropall      def testnewlistviewself         self.client.getsuspecttrackernewlist          form  nameTest, privateFalse          g.user  User.query.filterbyid1.first          self.client.postsuspecttrackernewlist, dataform          assert List.query.filterbynameTest.first  None codepre  pstrikeAfter running the test, the assertion fails, and I have tested to see that after running codeself.client.postcode, codeListcode does not contain a new list, and is still empty. This leads me to believe that codeform.validateonsubmitcode returned codefalsecode, which leads me to believe that I am not passing the correct data in the codeself.client.postcode function in codetestnewlistviewcode. My question is, how do I correctly create a codeListFormcode in the testing function and then POST it with codeself.client.postcode to test the codenewlistcode functionstrikep  pIve fixed the issue with getting the form data to properly be sent, so now the form validates but I have no idea how to set g.user to be the mock user so when I try running the test I get an AttributeError AnonymousUserMixin object has no attribute id error.p
Negative 110 pAs the title suggest please help me out to do thatp  precode         public DataTable getcuststring platenumber              return db.ExecuteDataSetgetcust,new object[] platenumber.Tables[0]            Information pinfo  new Information         ReportDocument cryRpt  new ReportDocument         cryRpt.LoadCUsersSaadiiDocumentsVisual Studio 2010ProjectsCustomer           ManagementCustomer ManagementCrystalReport1.rpt         DataTable cr  new DataTable         cr  pinfo.getcusttbplatenum.Text         cryRpt.SetDataSourcecr         crystalReportViewer1.ReportSource  cryRpt         crystalReportViewer1.Refresh codepre  pWhats wrong here p
Negative 110 pI have a question with respect to CORS call using JQuery Ajax call. I have strongA serverstrong Asp.net server, my application is deployed here and strongB Serverstrong Sharepoint server, my sharepoint application is deployed there. These 2 servers are in same domain.p  pIs it possible for me to call Sharepoint server List details using list.asmx.p  precodefunction var soapEnv   ltsoapenvEnvelope xmlnssoapenvhttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelopegt      ltsoapenvBodygt          ltGetListItems xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comsharepointsoapgt              ltlistNamegtShared DocumentsltlistNamegt              ltviewFieldsgt                  ltViewFieldsgt                      ltFieldRef NameTitle gt                  ltViewFieldsgt              ltviewFieldsgt          ltGetListItemsgt      ltsoapenvBodygt   ltsoapenvEnvelopegt .ajax     url httpserver.commysitevtibinlists.asmx,     type POST,     dataType xml,     data soapEnv,     contentType textxml charsetutf8,     complete functionxData, status         xData.responseXML.findzrow.eachfunction             var title  this.attrowsFileLeafRef.split[1]             alerttitle              ,     error function         alerterror       codepre  pp  pabove code throws access denied error. tried enabling jQuery.support.cors  true  any help in this regard is much appreciated. Thanks in advance.p  pRegards Ravip
Negative 110 pIm trying to provide a custom scheme for my custom TCP transport binding, however upon starting the service host, itll always tell my that net.tcp is expectedp  precodepublic class MyTcpBinding Binding       private readonly MyTcpTransportBindingElement transport     private readonly BinaryMessageEncodingBindingElement binaryEncoding      public override string Scheme              get  return my.tcp            public MyTcpBinding              transport       new MyTcpTransportBindingElement         binaryEncoding  new BinaryMessageEncodingBindingElement           public override BindingElementCollection CreateBindingElements              return new BindingElementCollectionnew BindingElement[]                      binaryEncoding, transport                 public class MyTcpTransportBindingElement  TcpTransportBindingElement      public override string Scheme              get  return my.tcp        codepre  pWhat could be done to resolve thisp
Negative 110 pI have scheduled the job using play akka and facing the below issue, this is happening randomly p  precode[ERROR] [11122014 084129.364] [playakka.actor.defaultdispatcher8] [TaskInvocation] Connection timed out java.net.ConnectException Connection timed out         at java.net.PlainSocketImpl.socketConnectNative Method         at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.doConnectAbstractPlainSocketImpl.java345         at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectToAddressAbstractPlainSocketImpl.java206         at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectAbstractPlainSocketImpl.java188         at java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connectSocksSocketImpl.java392         at java.net.Socket.connectSocket.java589         at sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.connectSSLSocketImpl.java649         at sun.security.ssl.BaseSSLSocketImpl.connectBaseSSLSocketImpl.java173         at sun.net.NetworkClient.doConnectNetworkClient.java180         at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.openServerHttpClient.java432         at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.openServerHttpClient.java527         at sun.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsClient.ltinitgtHttpsClient.java275         at sun.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsClient.NewHttpsClient.java371         at sun.net.www.protocol.https.AbstractDelegateHttpsURLConnection.getNewHttpClientAbstractDelegateHttpsURLConnection.java191         at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.plainConnect0HttpURLConnection.java1103         at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.plainConnectHttpURLConnection.java997         at sun.net.www.protocol.https.AbstractDelegateHttpsURLConnection.connectAbstractDelegateHttpsURLConnection.java177         at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStream0HttpURLConnection.java1511         at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStreamHttpURLConnection.java1439         at java.net.URLConnection.getContentURLConnection.java739         at sun.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsURLConnectionImpl.getContentHttpsURLConnectionImpl.java434         at java.net.URL.getContentURL.java1052         at org.htmlcleaner.Utils.readUrlUtils.java113         at org.htmlcleaner.HtmlCleaner.cleanHtmlCleaner.java359         at org.htmlcleaner.HtmlCleaner.cleanHtmlCleaner.java373 codepre  pCan you suggest how can I handle this exception Or should I be increasing the timeout, not sure how to do it Any help would be appreciated.p
Negative 110 pClass A has two constructorsp  precodeAAint ,bool AAint,int,bool codepre  pId like to achieve something like thisp  precodeif condition    A objectint,bool else    A objectint,int,bool  proessobject codepre  pBut as you know there is a problem since the scope of object is only inside the codeif...else...codep  pSo is there a way to achieve this, i dont want to put codeprocesscode inside the codeif...else...code neither do i want to use codeA pObjectcode. p  pI guess in another word, my question is  how to declare an object without define itp
Negative 110 pI am running codelogstash 1.4.1code and on running it I am getting following on the consolep  precode    failed to open homeDesktopInput20141103abc.log Permission denied  homeDesktopInput20141103abc.log levelgtwarn     failed to open homeDesktopInput20141014abc.log Permission denied  homeDesktopInput20141014abc.log levelgtwarn     failed to open homeDesktop20141016abc.log Permission denied  homeDesktopInput20141016abc.log levelgtwarn  ..............      log4j, [20141113T162004.583]  WARN org.elasticsearch.discovery.zen [logstashHPPro3330MT757311818] failed to connect to master [[Kyle Gibney][eM0ZmUkAQpaXd6n4JWjzA][HPPro3330MT][inet[xx.xx..xx..xx9300]]], retrying...     org.elasticsearch.transport.ConnectTransportException [Kyle Gibney][inet[xx.xx.xx.xx9300]] General node connection failure         at org.elasticsearch.transport.netty.NettyTransport.connectToNodeNettyTransport.java668         at org.elasticsearch.transport.netty.NettyTransport.connectToNodeNettyTransport.java615         at org.elasticsearch.transport.TransportService.connectToNodeTransportService.java129         at org.elasticsearch.discovery.zen.ZenDiscovery.innerJoinClusterZenDiscovery.java338         at org.elasticsearch.discovery.zen.ZenDiscovery.access500ZenDiscovery.java79         at org.elasticsearch.discovery.zen.ZenDiscovery1.runZenDiscovery.java286         at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1145         at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java615         at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java744     Caused by org.elasticsearch.common.netty.channel.ChannelException Failed to open a socket.         at org.elasticsearch.common.netty.channel.socket.nio.NioClientSocketChannel.newSocketNioClientSocketChannel.java43         at org.elasticsearch.common.netty.channel.socket.nio.NioClientSocketChannel.ltinitgtNioClientSocketChannel.java82         at org.elasticsearch.common.netty.channel.socket.nio.NioClientSocketChannelFactory.newChannelNioClientSocketChannelFactory.java212         at org.elasticsearch.common.netty.channel.socket.nio.NioClientSocketChannelFactory.newChannelNioClientSocketChannelFactory.java82         at org.elasticsearch.common.netty.bootstrap.ClientBootstrap.connectClientBootstrap.java212         at org.elasticsearch.common.netty.bootstrap.ClientBootstrap.connectClientBootstrap.java182         at org.elasticsearch.transport.netty.NettyTransport.connectToChannelsNettyTransport.java702         at org.elasticsearch.transport.netty.NettyTransport.connectToNodeNettyTransport.java647         ... 8 more     Caused by java.net.SocketException Too many open files         at sun.nio.ch.Net.socket0Native Method         at sun.nio.ch.Net.socketNet.java423         at sun.nio.ch.Net.socketNet.java416         at sun.nio.ch.SocketChannelImpl.ltinitgtSocketChannelImpl.java104         at sun.nio.ch.SelectorProviderImpl.openSocketChannelSelectorProviderImpl.java60         at java.nio.channels.SocketChannel.openSocketChannel.java142         at org.elasticsearch.common.netty.channel.socket.nio.NioClientSocketChannel.newSocketNioClientSocketChannel.java41         ... 15 more codepre  pSo logstash is opening files upto a certain threshold and after that giving permission denied for the files after that threshold and saying too many files opened.p  pAny ideap
Negative 110 pIm trying to generate a report that will show which users are restricted to a certain facilities. The base code Im using is  p  precode SELECT DISTINCT ppp.DeptID,         mis.UserID,         mis.[Name],         CASE              WHEN mis.ProviderID IS NULL                 THEN No             ELSE YES             END AS IsProv,         CASE              WHEN af.FacilityID  PSY                 THEN Restricted             ELSE Not Restricted             END AS SignOnFacility,         CASE              WHEN fr.FacilitiesRestrictedID  PSY                 THEN Restricted             ELSE Not Restricted             END AS FacilityToRestrict,         mis.Active     FROM DMisUsers mis     LEFT JOIN DMisUserRestrictedAdmMriFac fr         ON mis.UserID  fr.UserID             AND mis.SourceID  fr.SourceID     LEFT JOIN DMisUserAdmMriFacility af         ON af.UserID  mis.UserID     INNER JOIN PpEmployees pe         ON mis.SourceID  pe.SourceID             AND mis.UserID  pe.UserID     INNER JOIN PpPayrollPosition ppp         ON ppp.EmployeeID  pe.EmployeeID             AND pe.SourceID  ppp.SourceID     WHERE mis.SourceID  STP         AND mis.Active  Y codepre  pWhich produces the following result set which is bringing in one row for each facility column.p  precode  DeptID  UserID  IsProv SignOnFacility  FacilityToRestrict  Active  01.9030  PPaul      No  Not Restricted  Not Restricted      Y       01.9030  PPaul      No  Not Restricted  Restricted          Y      codepre  pWhat Im trying to do is to get a single row like  p  precode  DeptID  UserID  IsProv SignOnFacility  FacilityToRestrict  Active  01.9030  PPaul      No  Not Restricted  Restricted          Y      codepre  pIve tried CTEs, pivots using codeRowNumbercode to get around aggregation, and several other methods. Any help would be greatly appreciated. p
Negative 110 pSuppose there there is a scene as follows  There is a scene with the same size as the frame of the device. The scene has a red ball, which is able to move throughout the world. This world is defined by black and white areas, where the ball is ONLY able to move in the area that is white. Here is a picture to help explain img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comL1lMN.png altPicture of the scenep  pParts of the black area can be erased, as if the user is drawing with white color over the scene. This would mean that the area in which the ball can be moved is constantly changing. Now, how would one go about implementing a physicsBody for the an edge between the white and black areas p  pI tried redefining the physicsBody every time it is changed, but once the shape becomes complex enough, this isnt a viable solution at all. I tried creating a twodimensional array of boxes that are invisible and specify whether most of the area within each box is white or black, and if the ball touched a box that was black, it would be pushed back. However, this required heavy rendering and iterating over the array too much. Since my original array contained boxes a little bigger than a pixel, I tried making these boxes bigger to smooth the motion a little, but this eventually caused part of the ball to be stopped by white areas and appear to be inside the black area. This was undesired, since the user could feel invisible barriers that they seemed to be hitting.p  pI tried searching for other methods to implement this destructible terrain type scene, but the solutions that I found and tried were using other game engines. To further clarify, I am using ObjectiveC and Apples SpriteKit framework and I am not looking for a detailed class full of code, but rather some pseudocode or implementation ideas that would lead me to a solution.p  pThank you.p
Negative 110 pA couple of days ago I created my first localdb database from within Visual Studio 2013.  After defining the schema, I detached the db files from the server, within Visual Studio, so that I could move them to another project folder.  Now, for the life of me, I can not figure out how to reattach the db so that I can update the schema.p  pI have been able to add the file to the Server Explorer in VS, and I can browse tables and the data.  However, from within the SQL Server Object Explorer window, I can not figure out how to get back my database.  How can I add itreattach it again so I can modify the db schemap
Negative 110 pI am using Laravel 4 for a new project, which is a news site.p  pThe URL for a single article should be like thisp  blockquote   pdomain.comcategoryshorturlidp blockquote  pfor example domain.comsportsrealmadridbarcelona15p  pIn my routes.php file I have declaredp  precodeRoutegetcatshorturlid, ArticlesControllerview codepre  pwhich is working fine.p  pNow all I need to do is use a single Article model instance to pass as parameter in the Controller action to generate the URLRoute. This means, instead of passing all three parameters cat, shorturl and id, I would like to pass the Article instance.p  pTo manage this, what I did so far is the followingp  pIn routes.phpp  precodeRoutemodelarticle, Article  Routegetcatshorturlid, ArticlesControllerview Routegetarticlearticle, ArticlesControllergenerateUrl codepre  pIn ArticlesController.phpp  precodepublic function viewcat, urltext, id      article  ArticlefindOrFailid     return ViewmakearticleView, compactarrayarticle   public function generateUrlArticle article      cat  articlegtcategorygtplucktext     shorturl  articlegturltext     id  articlegtid      return RedirectactionArticlesControllerview, arraycat gt cat, shorturl gt shorturl, id gt id  codepre  pBy doing this, in my view file I have something like this to produce links to other articlesp  precodelta href actionArticlesControllergenerateUrl, otherarticle gt otherarticlegttitle ltagt codepre  pThe problem is that, although the redirect works, the actual URL the one shown on mouse hover is the original one this means domain.comarticle123 instead of the intended domain.comsportsrealmadridbarcelona123.p  pAny ideas on how to accomplish this I would like to only use article the Article model instance to generate URLs, in order to keep the code as simple and clean as possible.p  pThank you, Iliasp
Negative 110 pI want tts while im on phone call.p  pi dont know how to add STREAMVOICECALL in this code p  precode public static TextToSpeech mTts  private int langTTSavailable  1   protected static final int REQUESTOK  1  TextView text       Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState      Var.RepeteReponce  Var.Reponce     Var.RepeteDuree  Var.Duree       String Information  Var.Information      mTts  new TextToSpeechthis, OnInitListener this        public void onInitint status     if status  TextToSpeech.SUCCESS     langTTSavailable  mTts.setLanguageLocale.CANADAFRENCH      if langTTSavailable  TextToSpeech.LANGMISSINGDATA          langTTSavailable  TextToSpeech.LANGNOTSUPPORTED        else if  langTTSavailable gt 0                 String Parole  Var.Reponce      long Duree  Long.parseLongVar.Duree      mTts.speakParole, TextToSpeech.QUEUEFLUSH, null      try       Thread.sleepDuree       catch InterruptedException e         finish         e.printStackTrace       codepre  pi wish both people on the call can ear. With my code is only me can ear. the variable text is Var.reponcep
Negative 110 pI have to execute a function which has to to test if a variable has been correctly defined in the bash and must use its associated value.p  pFor instance, these variables are initialized at the top of the script.p  precodebinbash  var1ID0x04 var2ID0x05 var3ID0x06 var4ID0x09 codepre  pI would like to call the script named test as follows p  precode.test var1 codepre  pThe current implemented function isp  precodefunction Get       if [ 1ID   ] then           echo here          echo 1ID      else           exit 0       fi  codepre  pI dont understand why I obtain codeherecode even if I enter code.test totocode or something else.p  pDo I need to use a specific command, such as codegrepcodep
Negative 110 pBelow is the function that inserts my data.p  precode                using SqlCommand insSwipeDataCommand  connection.CreateCommand                                      insSwipeDataCommand.Transaction  transaction                     insSwipeDataCommand.CommandType  CommandType.StoredProcedure                     insSwipeDataCommand.CommandText  dbo.insSwipeDatasp                      SqlParameter attendeeTableParam  insSwipeDataCommand.Parameters.AddAttendeeTable, SqlDbType.Structured                     attendeeTableParam.Value  this.dataTable                     attendeeTableParam.TypeName  AttendeeTableType                       add orgid parameter                     insSwipeDataCommand.Parameters.AddorgId, SqlDbType.UniqueIdentifier.Value  this.organizationId                     insSwipeDataCommand.ExecuteNonQuery                  codepre  pstronginsSwipeDataspstrongp  precodecreate PROC dbo.insSwipeDatasp AttendeeTable         AttendeeTableType READONLY ,orgId                 UNIQUEIDENTIFIER   AS  BEGIN     SET NOCOUNT ON       DECLARE enteredUserId  UNIQUEIDENTIFIER     SET enteredUserId  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx       Delete old Swipe records     DELETE FROM dbo.swipeDatatbl     WHERE orgId  orgId       CREATE Swipe Records     INSERT INTO dbo.swipeDatatbl     orgId, sdid, rawData, enteredUserId, enteredUtc, manualEntry     SELECT orgId, attendeeId, barcode           ,enteredUserId, GETUTCDATE, 0  Consider  datepart , date  if date here is needed as NVARCHAR     FROM AttendeeTable     WHERE barcode IS NOT NULL and LTRIMRTRIMbarcode ltgt  END codepre  pHere is an image of my codeAttendeeTableTypecode schema. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAC4bD.png altenter image description herep  pand here is an image of my codethis.datatablecode that i am using for my codeattendeeTableParamcode img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comjhl36.png altenter image description here On the codeinsSwipeDataCommand.ExecuteNonQuerycode line i get the following error.p  pemThe data for tablevalued parameter AttendeeTable doesnt conform to the table type of the parameter.emp
Negative 110 pMy Java application has a ResultSet, generated as an outcome of the SQLquery execution. Now, in order to work analyze specific column content, calculate specific parameter value based on the data, to represent the data in UI strongemefficientlyemstrong both memory and performance with this data I have to store it in some data collection.p  pMy questions arep  ol lipemIs it a good idea to store the rows of the ResultSet in ArrayList, or there is more suitable data collection for the needs, described aboveempli lipemShould I convert each ResultSet row to the object or to store it as a plain structureem Suppose, the size of the ResultSet matrix is something about 5000 x 10, Im not sure, that it is a good idea to begin to generate in a loop 5000 Java objects.pli lipAs far as I understand, object creation is a quite heavy task, hence, if it is possible to avoid this operation, it should be done. emBut, from the other hand, LINQ by default returns set of objects and not a plain structure, thus, may be it still worths to convert the ResultSet to the collection of the objects and not of the structuresempli lipemIs there any Java builtin way to convert the ResultSet row to the object or I have to write it manuallyem I know, its not so hard work but may there is some ready solution.pli ol  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pI am making a simple program that displays a background image and animates a simple sprite with only 3 frames. Every time I run it, it gives me the error p  blockquote   pscreen.blitfirstexp[currentimage], xpos,ypos IndexError list   index out of rangep blockquote  pIve been working with this for a while now and Im not sure what to do anymore. Any help would be greatly appreciated, heres my codep  precodeimport pygame, sys, random from pygame.locals import  pygame.init  class Catpygame.sprite.Sprite     animationArray  []     numframes  0     currentframe  0     anispeed  0     lastdraw  0     xspeed  5     xpos  10     ypos  10      def initself, imgname, startx, starty, w, h, numframes, anispeed         pygame.sprite.Sprite.initself         spsheet  pygame.image.loadimgname         f1  spsheet.subsurface0,0,120,60         self.animationArray.appendf1         f2  spsheet.subsurface0,60,120,60         self.animationArray.appendf2         f3  spsheet.subsurface0,120,120,60         self.animationArray.appendf3          self.numframes  3         self.currentframe  0         self.anispeed  anispeed      def updateself, secs         self.xpos  self.xpos  self.xspeed         self.lastdraw  self.lastdrawsecs         if self.lastdraw     self.anispeed             self.currentframe  self.currentframe1             if self.currentframe2                 self.currentframe0             self.lastdraw  0          self.image  self.animationArray[self.currentframe]         self.rect  self.xpos,0,0,120,180           def setEnvbackground     clock  pygame.time.Clock     backimage  pygame.image.loadbackground     w  backimage.getrect.w     h  backimage.getrect.h     screen  pygame.display.setmodew,h      return clock, backimage, screen   main game code  clock, backimage, screen  setEnvlandscapeillustration.jpg  allSprites  pygame.sprite.Group collSprites  pygame.sprite.Group  catx  Catrunningcat.png, 0,0,120,180,3,1   allSprites.addcatx collSprites.addcatx     screen.blitbackimage,0,0 while True     secs  clock.tick301000     for event in pygame.event.get         if event.typepygame.QUIT             sys.exit      allSprites.clearscreen, backimage     allSprites.updatesecs     allSprites.drawscreen     collSprites.drawscreen     pygame.display.flip codepre
Negative 110 pWe have an issue with a dialog div that covers the full screen. The dialog has a header and a footer, and is supposed to grow dynamically with the content in the middle, but never grow so small that it becomes smaller than the screen.p  pThis works fine on desktop PCs and Android, but in Safari on our iPhone 5 running iOS7, when turning over to landscape mode, we get this weird effect where, if we try to scroll all the way to the bottom, as soon as the finger lets go of the screen the div snaps back so that the bottom 50 or so pixels i.e. almost all of the footer go below the screen.p  pIve tried to recreate the situation on dabble, and not succeeded completely, but it still behaves weirdly on iOS7, and illustrates the weird things that happen on iOS7p  pa hrefhttpresult.dabblet.comgist5b277858123a502fea5ecf131bcfeb19e1c194dbea1d6e2dfee1fd4aae5a relnofollowhttpresult.dabblet.comgist5b277858123a502fea5ecf131bcfeb19e1c194dbea1d6e2dfee1fd4aae5aap  pa hrefhttpdabblet.comgist5b277858123a502fea5e relnofollowhttpdabblet.comgist5b277858123a502fea5eap  pAlso, in portrait mode you, when you stry to scroll downwards past the bottom, you dont get the effect where the browser content slides up to reveal Safaris background, rather the bottom part of the browser content gets clipped in a weird way.p  pI realize that there are issues with heights in flexbox on some platforms, and Ive read that there are issues with vh values  though removing the vh value in my example doesnt remove all the weird behaviour. If I set a fixed height on the middle part, the issue disappears. However, I dont want to set a fixed height because the dialog should work generally with content that may be of any size.p  pSo, any ideas for a workaround for this particular problemp  pRe the structure in my example  the hierarchy comes from the way the actual responsive dialog should be displayed as a lightbox when viewed in desktop browsers, alst theres some handling of the scroll position of the rest of the site that is hidden or grayed out.p
Negative 110 pI am running under Win7 with WinAVR in system path providing the required AVR utilities although I have defined  AVRTOOLSDIR  cappsArduino1.0hardwaretoolsavrp  pI seem to be having substitution problems. I have found work arounds but would like to get thinks working properly and understand why they are not working.p  pthe major problem is the rule to make target buildunoBlink.o from the blink.ino file. Here is a dump of the make commands output   p  precodemake debugv GNU Make 3.81 Copyright C 2006  Free Software Foundation, Inc. This is free software see the source for copying conditions. There is NO warranty not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  This program built for i386pcmingw32 findandsetshell path search set defaultshell  cwinavr20100110utilsbinsh.exe Reading makefiles... Reading makefile makefile... Reading makefile ....Arduino.mk search path no  expansion... Reading makefile ....Common.mk search path no  expansion...  Arduino.mk Configuration Main thread handle  0x00000080  [AUTODETECTED]       CURRENTOS  WINDOWS  [USER]               ARDUINODIR  cappsArduino1.0  [USER]               ARDMKDIR  ....  [AUTODETECTED]       ARDUINOVERSION  100  [DEFAULT]            ARCHITECTURE   [DEFAULT]            VENDOR  arduino  [DEFAULT]            ARDUINOSKETCHBOOK  sketchbook  [USER]               AVRTOOLSDIR  cappsArduino1.0hardwaretoolsavr  [COMPUTED]           ARDUINOLIBPATH  cappsArduino1.0libraries from ARDUINODIR  [DEFAULT]            ARDUINOCOREPATH  cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduino  [COMPUTED]           ARDUINOVARPATH  cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinovariants from ARDUINODIR  [COMPUTED]           BOARDSTXT  cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinoboards.txt from ARDUINODIR  [DEFAULT]            USERLIBPATH  sketchbooklibraries in user sketchbook  [DEFAULT]            PREBUILDHOOK  prebuildhook.sh  [USER]               BOARDTAG  uno  [COMPUTED]           OBJDIR  builduno from BOARDTAG ....Arduino.mk732 display local sources initialization  [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   MAKEFILELIST   makefile ....Arduino.mk ....Common.mk  [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   LOCALCSRCS   [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   LOCALCPPSRCS   [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   LOCALCCSRCS   [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   LOCALPDESRCS   [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   LOCALINOSRCS  Blink.ino  [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   LOCALASSRCS   [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   LOCALSRCS  Blink.ino  [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   TARGET  Blink  [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   OBJDIR  builduno  [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   LOCALOBJFILES  Blink.o  [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   LOCALOBJS  buildunoBlink.o  [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   TEMPDEBUGVAR  Blink.o  [CONFIG DEBUG MSG]   TEMPDEBUGVAR2  Blink.o  [ASSUMED]            MONITORBAUDRATE  9600  [DEFAULT]            OPTIMIZATIONLEVEL  s  [DEFAULT]            MCUFLAGNAME  mmcu  [DEFAULT]            CFLAGSSTD   [DEFAULT]            CXXFLAGSSTD   [AUTODETECTED]       DEVICEPATH   [AUTODETECTED]       Size utility AVRaware for enhanced output  [COMPUTED]           BOOTLOADERPARENT  cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinobootloaders from ARDUINODIR  [COMPUTED]           ARDMKVERSION  1.3.4 ....Arduino.mk1099 debug variable dump  [COMPUTED]           CCVERSION  4.3.2 avrgcc  [DEBUG MESSAGE]      TARGET  Blink  [DEBUG Message]      OBJDIR  builduno  [DEBUG Message]      TARGETEEP  buildunoBlink.eep  [DEBUG Message]      TARGETELF  buildunoBlink.elf  [DEBUG Message]      TARGETHEX  buildunoBlink.hex  [DEBUG Message]      LOCALOBJS  buildunoBlink.o  [DEBUG Message]      LIBOBJS   [DEBUG Message]      PLATFORMLIBOBJS   [DEBUG Message]      USERLIBOBJS   [DEBUG Message]      OTHEROBJS   [DEBUG Message]      COMMONDEPS   Reading makefile buildunoBlink.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoWInterrupts.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinowiring.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinowiringanalog.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinowiringdigital.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinowiringpulse.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinowiringshift.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoCDC.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoHardwareSerial.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoHID.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoIPAddress.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinomain.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinonew.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoPrint.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoStream.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoTone.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoUSBCore.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoWMath.d search path dont care no  expansion... Reading makefile cappsArduino1.0hardwarearduinocoresarduinoWString.d search path dont care no  expansion... Updating goal targets.... Considering target file all.  File all does not exist.   Considering target file buildunoBlink.eep.    File buildunoBlink.eep does not exist.     Considering target file buildunoBlink.elf.      File buildunoBlink.elf does not exist.       Considering target file buildunoBlink.o.        File buildunoBlink.o does not exist.        Finished prerequisites of target file buildunoBlink.o.       Must remake target buildunoBlink.o. make  No rule to make target buildunoBlink.o, needed by buildunoBlink.elf.  Stop.   codepre  pIn the arduino.mk file the following rule existsp  precode the ino gt o file OBJDIR.o .ino COMMONDEPS  OBJDIR     warning processing rule OBJDIR.o      MKDIR dir      CXX x c include ARDUINOHEADER MMD c CPPFLAGS CXXFLAGS lt o  codepre  pOBJDIR.o   should match buildunoBlink.o  and compile the blink.ino file but does not.p  pif I add this rulep  pbuildunoBlink.o blink.ino COMMONDEPS  OBJDIRp  peverything compiles OK.p  pThis is a major problem because I would have to have a separate Arduino.mk file for each app. The 2nd problem has to do with LOCALOBJS but I currently have a global workaround for it so I will save it for after this is resolved. It may even be related.p
Negative 110 pSorry to be long winded but I want to make sure that everyone understand the issue I am having. So please bear with me.p  pI have 2 tables, ie. FilterClientsInvoicesEntries and FilterClientsInvoicesPayments.p  pPlease refer to the query and resultsp  precodeSELECT     FCIE.InvoiceID,     FCIE.EntryID,     FCIE.ClientID,     CASTFCIE.AddedOn AS DATE AS EntryDate,     FCIE.ItemTotal,     SUMIFNULLFCIP.PaymentAmount,0 AS Payments  FROM FilterClientsInvoicesEntries FCIE LEFT JOIN FilterClientsInvoicesPayments FCIP ON FCIP.EntryID  FCIE.EntryID  AND CASTFCIP.PaymentDate AS DATE BETWEEN 20141001 AND 20141130     WHERE FCIE.ClientID  3693    AND CASTFCIE.AddedOn AS DATE BETWEEN 20141001 AND 20141130    AND FCIE.Void  0    GROUP BY FCIE.EntryID codepre  pThe results are as followsp  precode  InvoiceID  EntryID  ClientID  EntryDate   ItemTotal  Payments        31327    34180      3693  20141031      63.30     33.30       31327    34181      3693  20141031      63.30      0.00       31327    34182      3693  20141031      63.30      0.00       31327    34183      3693  20141031      63.30      0.00       31327    34184      3693  20141031      63.30      0.00       31327    34185      3693  20141031      63.30      0.00       31331    34187      3693  20141103      15.00      0.00       31332    34188      3693  20141104     100.00    100.00       31341    34197      3693  20141110      85.00      0.00       31342    34198      3693  20141110      85.00      0.00       31343    34199      3693  20141112      95.00      0.00       31344    34200      3693  20141113      85.00      0.00       31345    34201      3693  20141113      80.00      0.00       31346    34202      3693  20141126      80.00      0.00       31347    34203      3693  20141126      80.00      0.00       31348    34204      3693  20141126     100.00      0.00   16 rows in set 0.96 sec codepre  pWhat I wanted to do was to only retrieve item records that has balance, so this is the modified queryp  precodeSELECT      FCIE.InvoiceID,      FCIE.EntryID,      FCIE.ClientID,      CASTFCIE.AddedOn AS DATE AS EntryDate,      FCIE.ItemTotal,      SUMIFNULLFCIP.PaymentAmount,0 AS Payments  FROM FilterClientsInvoicesEntries FCIE LEFT JOIN FilterClientsInvoicesPayments FCIP ON FCIP.EntryID  FCIE.EntryID  AND CASTFCIP.PaymentDate AS DATE BETWEEN 20141001 AND 20141130      WHERE FCIE.ClientID  3693     AND CASTFCIE.AddedOn AS DATE BETWEEN 20141001 AND 20141130     AND FCIE.Void  0     GROUP BY FCIE.EntryID      HAVING SUMIFNULLFCIP.PaymentAmount,0 lt FCIE.ItemTotal codepre  pThe new results are as followsp  precode  InvoiceID  EntryID  ClientID  EntryDate   ItemTotal  Payments        31327    34180      3693  20141031      63.30     33.30       31327    34181      3693  20141031      63.30      0.00       31327    34182      3693  20141031      63.30      0.00       31327    34183      3693  20141031      63.30      0.00       31327    34184      3693  20141031      63.30      0.00       31327    34185      3693  20141031      63.30      0.00       31331    34187      3693  20141103      15.00      0.00       31341    34197      3693  20141110      85.00      0.00       31342    34198      3693  20141110      85.00      0.00       31343    34199      3693  20141112      95.00      0.00       31344    34200      3693  20141113      85.00      0.00       31345    34201      3693  20141113      80.00      0.00       31346    34202      3693  20141126      80.00      0.00       31347    34203      3693  20141126      80.00      0.00       31348    34204      3693  20141126     100.00      0.00   15 rows in set 0.95 sec   codepre  pAlthough the query works, you can see that it took nearly 1 second to complete the query ... and this is only for 1 client WHERE ClientID  3693.p  pIf I were to remove that ClientID filter, it will return me 106 records but takes 58 SECONDS to complete.p  pSo I am asking help from all MySQL guru out there for the following questionsp  ol liCan the query be optimized to get the same result with faster execution timeli liHelp modify the query to group by InvoiceID with total sum of ItemTotal li ol  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pGiven a datetime.timedelta, how to convert it into a string of ISO 8601 duration formatp  pEx,p  precodegtgtgt iso8601datetime.timedelta0, 18, 179651 PT18.179651S codepre
Negative 110 pThe goal of this code is to find the frequency of words used in a book.p  pI am tying to read in the text of a book but the following line keeps throwing my code offp  blockquote   pprecious emprotgsem. No, gentlemen hell always show em a clean pairp      pspecifically the  characterp blockquote  pI have looked at the following documentation, but I dont quite understand it a hrefhttpsdocs.python.org3.4howtounicode.html relnofollowhttpsdocs.python.org3.4howtounicode.htmlap  pHeres my codep  precodeimport string  Create word dictionary from the comprehensive word list  worddict   def createworddict      open words.txt and populate dictionary   wordfile  open .words.txt, r   for line in wordfile     line  line.strip     worddict[line]  1   Removes punctuation marks from a string def parseString st   st  st.encodeascii, replace   newline     st  st.strip   for ch in st     ch  strch     if n for n in 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0 in ch or   in ch or ch.isspace or ch  uxe9        print ch       newline  ch     else       newline      now remove all instances of s or  at end of line   newline  newline.strip   print newline   if newline[1]       newline  newline[1]   newline.replaces,     Conversion from ASCII codes back to useable text   message  newline   decodedMessage     for item in message.split     decodedMessage  chrintitem   print decodedMessage   return newline   Returns a dictionary of words and their frequencies def getWordFreq file     Open file for reading the book.txt   book  open file, r     create an empty set for all Capitalized words   capwords  set     create a dictionary for words   bookdict     totalwords  0     remove all punctuation marks other than [not s]   for line in book     line  line.strip     if lenline gt 0       line  parseString line      wordlist  line.split       add words to the book dictionary     for word in wordlist       totalwords  1       if word in bookdict         bookdict[word]  bookdict[word]  1       else         bookdict[word]  1   print bookdict     close the file   book.close  def main   wordFreq1  getWordFreq .Tale.txt   print wordFreq1  main codepre  pThe error that I received is as followsp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File Books.py, line 80, in ltmodulegt     main   File Books.py, line 77, in main     wordFreq1  getWordFreq .Tale.txt   File Books.py, line 60, in getWordFreq     line  parseString line   File Books.py, line 36, in parseString     decodedMessage  chrintitem OverflowError Python int too large to convert to C long                       codepre
Negative 110 pUpdate So, I totally misdiagnosed the problem. Looks like the collapse work fine as it should collapse on gridfloatbreakpoint which is set to screensmmin but for some reason navbar is now strongcollapsed in horizontal modestrong  by default. Which is what I am debugging right now.p  pThe navbar collapse works fine on most resolutions. It collapse fine on extra small devices and shows up as expected on medium and large devices. but not for small resolutions such as an iPad 1024768, the bar collapse but the icon doesnt show upp  pHere is my codep  precodeltdiv classnavbar navbarinverse navbarfixedtopgt   ltdiv classnavbarheadergt     ltbutton typebutton classnavbartoggle datatogglecollapse datatarget.navbarinversecollapsegt       ltspan classiconbargtltspangt       ltspan classiconbargtltspangt       ltspan classiconbargtltspangt     ltbuttongt     lta classnavbarbrandgtltimg srcassetslogo.pnggtltagt   ltdivgt     ltdiv classnavbarinversecollapse collapsegt       ltul classnav navbarnavgt         ltligtlt linktoGames, gamespath unless currentpagegamespath gtltligt       ltulgt       ltform classnavbarform navbarright globalsearchgt           ltinput typetext idglobalsearch classformcontrol collg8 placeholderInstant searchgt       ltformgt     ltdivgtlt.navcollapse gt ltdivgt codepre  pAny idea why this is happening Using tbs 3.2.0 on a Ruby on Rails 4.1 applicationp
Negative 110 pHow to get file name and position of definition of any symbol under the current custom position and file within project or solutionp  pI do the following steps simplified explanationp  ol lipCreate collection of syntax trees and compilation by the following wayp  precodeSyntaxTrees  new ListltSyntaxTreegt foreach var file in projectFiles     syntaxTrees.AddSyntaxTree.ParseTextFile.ReadAllTextfile Compilation  Compilation.Createtemp.cs, null, SyntaxTrees, new MetadataReference[]  mscorlib  codepreli lipGet current token in syntax treep  precodevar token  currentTree.GetRoot.FindTokentextPos, false codepreli ol  pSymbol have appropriate method for definition getting codeDeclaringSyntaxNodescode. How can I resolve codetokencode on codeSymbolcode in codeSemanticModelcode Thanks.p
Negative 110 pSo ive been trying a few things out in python and happened to come across thisp  precodegtgtgt a  10 gtgtgt b  10 gtgtgt a is b True codepre  pApparently when creating the variable codebcode Python notices that there is already anotherdifferent variable with the value 10 and simply creates a reference to it simply to save memory, maybe. Since integers are immutable at least I think they are it makes some kind of sense. But then i tried the same thing with a bigger number and got thisp  precodegtgtgt a  100200103847239642631982367 gtgtgt b  100200103847239642631982367 gtgtgt a is b False codepre  pHere, for some reason Python seems to create another codeintcode object instead of making the variable codebcode a reference to the variable codeacode, which does not make sense to me. Assuming the reason the references created in first example is to save memory, wouldnt it be even more efficient to create a reference in the latter case also since the numbers are way biggerp
Negative 110 pIm getting the following error when trying to test a factory in angualarp  pError [injectorunpr] Unknown provider resourceProvider lt resource lt myServicep  pThere are already tests in the project that do similar things and they work fine, so I cant for the life of me figure out why these dont work. Here is the impl codep  precodefunction   use strict  var module  angular.modulefirst.module, []  function firstThing      this.doSomething  function something          return campaign        module.servicefirstThing, firstThing  function myServiceFactoryresource, notifier      var Resource  resourceapicampaignsid,  id id ,          get  method GET            function listItems          return []           return          list listItems        module.factorymyService, myServiceFactory   codepre  pThe test code isp  precodeuse strict  describeMy service test, function        var myServiceFactory, campaign, injector      beforeEachmodulefirst.module      beforeEachinjectfunction injector          injector  injector         myServiceFactory  injector.getmyService           ittrue is true, function           expecttrue.toEqualtrue       codepre  pKarma is being used for the tests. Thanks for any help.p
Negative 110 pI trying to get a custom transition between two View Controllers. First, heres a picture to illustrate what I want  p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfrze7.png altp  pI want a UICollectionViewCell to expand to the whole screen. In this cell, the subviews are placed with Autolayout in IB. p  pI just want each subview to go to the new position. So I tried codesubview.frame  newSubview.framecode in the animation block, but it doesnt work because of Autolayout I think.p  pI thought to delete the constraints while the animation is occuring, but it doesnt work. p  pI also tried to make IBOutlets of the constraints and to change constant property.p  pHeres my code  p  precode    let detailView  detailViewController.view     let cellView  self.selectedCell      container.addSubviewcellView      let duration  self.transitionDurationtransitionContext      UIView.animateWithDurationduration, delay 0.0, options .CurveEaseInOut, animations               let newFrame  detailViewController.view.frame             cellView.frame  newFrame             cellView.imageView.frame  newFrame             cellView.labelTopConstraint.constant  27             cellView.labelRightConstraint.constant  8             cellView.layoutIfNeeded           ... codepre  pActually, when the animation begins the labels snap to a position, then they move and at the end they are not at the right position...p  pAny ideas  Thanksp
Negative 110 pI am facing an unusual issue with javascript.I am relatively new to this. I have a code snippet of html5 css and javascript which works fine in jsfiddle. Here is the link  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.nethansjarurtg14vtu5 relnofollowJsfiddle Linkap  pCODE   HTMLp  precodeltdiv classformgroupgt     ltdiv classinputgroupgt         ltdiv classbtngroup btngroupjustified basuradiogt              lta classbtn btninfo btnsm active datatogglesex datatitlemgtMaleltagt             lta classbtn btninfo btnsm basuradionotActive datatogglesex datatitlefgtFemaleltagt          ltdivgt         ltinput typehidden namesex idsex gt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pCSS p  precode.basuradio .basuradionotActive      color 3276b1     backgroundcolor fff  codepre  pJSp  precode.basuradio a.onclick, function       var sel  this.datatitle     var tog  this.datatoggle       tog.propvalue, sel      a[datatoggle  tog  ].not[datatitle  sel  ].removeClassactive.addClassbasuradionotActive      a[datatoggle  tog  ][datatitle  sel  ].removeClassbasuradionotActive.addClassactive  codepre  pThe problem is when I try to use this in my JSF page. I have checked and confirmed that all files are linked properly.p  pHere is the jsf codep  precodeltdiv classcontainergt     ltdiv classrowgt         ltform roleform methodpost jsfidsignupform autocompleteoffgt             ltdiv classcolmd4 pullrightgt                 ltdiv classformwrapgt                     lth1 classtextcentergtSign uplth1gt                      ltdiv classformgroupgt                         ltlabel foremail classsronlygtEmailltlabelgt                         ltdiv classinputgroup datatoggletooltip dataplacementleft dataoriginaltitlePlease enter your email id gt                             ltspan classinputgroupaddongtlti classfa faenvelope fafw textprimarygtltigtltspangt                             ltdiv classrequiredfieldblockgt                                 ltinput typeemail jsfvalueindex.email nameemail jsfidemail classformcontrol                                         placeholderEmail ID gt                                 ltdiv classrequiredicongt                                     ltdiv classtextgtltdivgt                                 ltdivgt                             ltdivgt                             ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                         ltlabel forpassword classsronlygtPasswordltlabelgt                         ltdiv classinputgroup datatoggletooltip dataplacementleft dataoriginaltitlePlease enter your password gt                             ltspan classinputgroupaddongtlti classfa falock fafw textprimarygtltigtltspangt                             ltdiv classrequiredfieldblockgt                                 ltinput typepassword jsfvalueindex.password jsfidpassword classformcontrol placeholderPassword gt                                 ltdiv classrequiredicongt                                     ltdiv classtextgtltdivgt                                 ltdivgt                             ltdivgt                         ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                         ltdiv classinputgroupgt                             ltdiv classbtngroup btngroupjustified basuradiogt                                  lta classbtn btninfo btnsm active datatogglesignupformsex datatitlemgtMaleltagt                                 lta classbtn btninfo btnsm basuradionotActive datatogglesignupformsex datatitlefgtFemaleltagt                             ltdivgt                             ltinput typehidden jsfidsex gt                         ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                     ltbutton typesubmit jsfidbtnlogin jsfactionindex.login classbtn btnprimary btnlg btnblockgt                         ltspangtlti classfa facheckcircle fafwgtltigt Sign upltspangt                         ltfajax executeform rendersignupform gt                     ltbuttongt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt lt .colxs12 gt             ltdiv classcolmd8 pullleftgt                 lthr gt                 lth3 classtextmutedgt                     Welcome, index.email                 lth3gt                 lthr gt             ltdivgt         ltformgt     ltdivgt lt .row gt ltdivgt lt .container gt   codepre  pI have tried basic debugging with console outputs. console outputs work with the code running in jsfiddle but not with jsf. The issue is the toggling is not occurring in jsf code whereas it is in jsfiddle. I am using JSF 2.2Mojarra glassfish 4.1 java ee7 browser chrome. Please let me know if you need any more info. Any pointers will be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to implement simple MD5 for short strings shorter than 64 bytes. I am using algorithm from a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiMD5 relnofollowWikipedia.a. Everything compiles, but my result for stringp  precodehello world  codepre  pisp  precodeBB3BB65ED0EE1EE0BB22CB93C3CD5A8F codepre  pwhile it should bep  precode5EB63BBBE01EEED093CB22BB8F5ACDC3 codepre  pThe full code is herep  precodeprogram Prog  uses Classes, SysUtils  function leftrotatex, c Cardinal Cardinal begin   leftrotate  x shl c or x shr 32c end  const s array[0..63] of Cardinal       7, 12, 17, 22,  7, 12, 17, 22,  7, 12, 17, 22,  7, 12, 17, 22,     5,  9, 14, 20,  5,  9, 14, 20,  5,  9, 14, 20,  5,  9, 14, 20,     4, 11, 16, 23,  4, 11, 16, 23,  4, 11, 16, 23,  4, 11, 16, 23,     6, 10, 15, 21,  6, 10, 15, 21,  6, 10, 15, 21,  6, 10, 15, 21  K array[0..63] of Cardinal       d76aa478, e8c7b756, 242070db, c1bdceee,     f57c0faf, 4787c62a, a8304613, fd469501,     698098d8, 8b44f7af, ffff5bb1, 895cd7be,     6b901122, fd987193, a679438e, 49b40821,     f61e2562, c040b340, 265e5a51, e9b6c7aa,     d62f105d, 02441453, d8a1e681, e7d3fbc8,     21e1cde6, c33707d6, f4d50d87, 455a14ed,     a9e3e905, fcefa3f8, 676f02d9, 8d2a4c8a,     fffa3942, 8771f681, 6d9d6122, fde5380c,     a4beea44, 4bdecfa9, f6bb4b60, bebfbc70,     289b7ec6, eaa127fa, d4ef3085, 04881d05,     d9d4d039, e6db99e5, 1fa27cf8, c4ac5665,     f4292244, 432aff97, ab9423a7, fc93a039,     655b59c3, 8f0ccc92, ffeff47d, 85845dd1,     6fa87e4f, fe2ce6e0, a3014314, 4e0811a1,     f7537e82, bd3af235, 2ad7d2bb, eb86d391   var a0,b0,c0,d0, a,b,c,d, f,g,dTemp Cardinal    Len Integer    Msg array[0..63] of Char    M array[0..15] of Cardinal absolute Msg break chunk into sixteen 32bit words M[j]    Str String    i Integer    ff TFileStream    wait Char begin   a0  67452301   b0  efcdab89   c0  98badcfe   d0  10325476    Str  hello world   Len  LengthStr    FillCharMsg, 64, 0    for i1 to Len do Msg[i1]  Str[i]  append 1 bit to message   Msg[Len]  chr128  append original length in bits mod 2 pow 64 to message   Msg[637]  chr8Len  Update thanks to MBo  Process each 512bit chunk of message 1 only have 1 chunk  TEST dump   ff  TFileStream.createtest.txt, fmCreate   ff.writemsg, 64   ff.free  Initialize hash value for this chunk     A  a0     B  b0     C  c0     D  d0  Main loop     for i  0 to 63 do begin          if igt0 and ilt15 then begin             F  B and C or not B and D             g  i         end         else if igt16 and ilt31 then begin             F  D and B or not D and C             g  5i  1 mod 16         end         else if igt32 and ilt47 then begin             F  B xor C xor D             g  3i  5 mod 16         end         else if igt48 and ilt63 then begin             F  C xor B or not D             g  7i mod 16         end          dTemp  D         D  C         C  B         B  B  leftrotateA  F  K[i]  M[g], s[i]         A  dTemp     end  Add this chunks hash to result so far   a0  a0  A   b0  b0  B   c0  c0  C   d0  d0  D    This should give 5EB63BBBE01EEED093CB22BB8F5ACDC3   Writeln IntToHexa0,8  IntToHexb0,8  IntToHexc0,8  IntToHexd0,8     Readlnwait end. codepre  pYou can try the code online here a hrefhttpideone.comqdYQ6q relnofollowhttpideone.comqdYQ6qap  pAnd heres dump of my prepared chunk just before main loop test.txtp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQopr5.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pHi I have problem in the following scenariop  pIm using Spring 4.xx with Jackson 2.xx and Im ompelenting a RESTful Web Application. Im now faced with te problem that I need some custom serialzation for one of my models, so i used a custom serilaizer, but i also need to fetch some data out of the database while serializing. So I tried to inject my Serivce into the Serializer but it always stays null.p  pAs far as I have read this happens if you instanciate your object directly, which I guess is what Jackson does. But is there any way to still use Dependency Injectionp  pAlso if I make the class implement the ApplicationContextAware interface and call ApplicationContextgetBean it hangs forever.p  pHere is some code to illustrate my problemp  pSerialzer.javap  precodepublic class TheSerializer extends JsonSerializerltMyObjectgt   implements ApplicationContextAware     Autowired   ITheService theService    ApplicationContext ctx    public vodi serializeMyObject o, JsonGenerator jgen, SerializerProvider provider throws IOException, JsonProcessingException      iftheService  null        theService  ctx.getBeanITheService.class This is where it hangs       If I dont do this I get a NPE if I try to use theSerivice          codepre  pMy configuration is mainly annotaion based, only the databse stuff is done in xml.p  pThank you in advance,p  pwastlp
Negative 110 pI need to check if a codescriptA.pycode is still running, in codescriptB.pycode. Both are started individually, but codescriptB.pycode may only continue if codescriptA.pycode is still running.p  pI know I could usep  precodeimport subprocess  process  subprocess.Popen[pgrep, scriptA.py], stdoutsubprocess.PIPE  process.wait  if not process.returncode     print Process running else     print Process not running codepre  pBut script a runs in a tmux session. Which is called like codetmux new d s scriptA20141209105402697559 cd homeuserscriptA python scriptA.py flag echo  gt tmpscriptA20141209105402697559codep  pIf i codepgrep scriptA.pycode it doesnt return the codePIDcode. codepgrep tmuxcode would work, but that there might be other tmux sessions, so I cant use that.p  pI could do something like codeps aux  grep scriptA.py  wc lcode and check the line count  but this feels like its very variable.p  pHow else could I verify if codescriptA.pycode is runningp
Negative 110 pI have a gridview which contains the list of my applicants. Here is my data gridview as it loadsp  precodegrdApplicantsAS.DataSource  Nothing     grdApplicantsAS.Columns.Clear     txtSearchBar.Clear     mycom.Connection  cn     mycom.CommandText  SELECT concatws,, LastName, FirstName, MiddleName as Applicant Name,Address,DPosition as Desired Position,CDate as Date of Examination, EScore as Examination Score, IStatus as Interview Status,IComment as Interview Comment,Cellphone as Phone Number,ESMS as Examination SMS,ISMS as Interview SMS,Status FROM tblapplicant      Dim myadap As New MySqlDataAdaptermycom     Dim mydt As New DataTable      myadap.Fillmydt     grdApplicantsAS.DataSource  mydt     buttonColumn.HeaderText       buttonColumn.Name  Status Request     buttonColumn.Text  SMS     buttonColumn.UseColumnTextForButtonValue  True     grdApplicantsAS.Columns.AddbuttonColumn      myadap.Dispose     mydt.Dispose codepre  pOn my previous application i used this cell content function, but it only needs one textbox.p  precode    CreateStudent.Show     CreateStudent.txtIdno.Text  Me.grdStudents.CurrentRow.CellsIdno.Value     CreateStudent.txtIdnoLostFocussender, e     Me.Close codepre  pBased on my previous experience, i created a gridview content click event. and this is what i coded, because i needed 3 textbox for lastname,firstname,middlename where the lost focus event is on the middlenamep  precode            Dim aryTextFile As String             NewApplicantForm.Show             LineOfText  Me.grdApplicantsAS.CurrentRow.CellsApplicants Name.Value             aryTextFile  LineOfText.Split,             For i As Integer  0 To UBoundaryTextFile                 If i  0 Then                     aryTextFilei  NewApplicantForm.txtLastName.Text                 ElseIf i  1 Then                     aryTextFilei  NewApplicantForm.txtFirstName.Text                 ElseIf i  2 Then                     aryTextFilei  NewApplicantForm.txtMiddleNameLostFocus1sender, e                 End If             Next codepre  pIn VB.net i couldnt run it because it states that it doesnt produce a value. Can anyone please help me with this, i just need to transfer the concatenated value to the NewApplicantForm seperated from each other and assign to different textboxes.p
Negative 110 pIve just registered in the forum I dont know very much about computers architecture and I came out with a doubt. If computers work with binary code 0 and 1 how do they emprintem decimal numbers on the screen For instance, if I add 5 to 6 101  110 in binary, I get 11 that is 1011 in binary but how does a computer know how to convert it to decimal Is there like a memory that stores 1011 in binary  11 in decimal Then it has no sense because theres a infinite amount of numbers and a memory cant store them all...p  pCan anyone explain this to a emexperiencelessem manp
Negative 110 pim adding QGraphicsLayoutItem in a QGraphicsWidget in run time using QGraphicsLinearLayout.p  pi have to add more items to the layout  that exceeds the height of the viewport height and items shown outside the viewport area.so is it possible to pan or scroll in QGraphicsWidget like QGraphicsView. QGraphicsView i can pan using  centerOn and showing only a visible rect.p  pthe normal view img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comI7dQq.png altenter image description herep  pand when more item addedp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7ixNL.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pIm currently making a little game where every few seconds some images are removed and reloaded to update their new status and position, which is done with the code below. However, this causes these images to flicker at every reload which is especially annoying when an image is on the exact same spot and can actually cause a missclick now and then. Is there any way I can prevent my images from flickeringp  precode.armysprite.remove  for var i  0 i lt armies.length i      iniArmiesi  Function that adds the new army images back into the DOM  codepre
Negative 110 pIm creating a report with SQL server 2012 and Report Builder which must show the total number of Risks at a high, medium and low level for each Parent Element. p  pEach Element contains a number of Risks which are rated at a certain level. I need the total for the Parent Elements. The total will include the number of all the Child Elements and also the number the Element itself may have. p  pI am using CTEs in my query the code I have attached isnt working there are no errors  its just displaying the incorrect results and Im not sure that my logic is correct p  pHopefully someone can help. Thanks in advance. p  pemMy table structure isem p  pstrongElementTablestrongp  pElementTableIdPK ElementName ElementParentIdp  pstrongRiskTablestrongp  pRiskIdPK RiskName RiskRating ElementIdFKp  pemMy queryem p  precodeWITH cteHierarchyElementId, ElementName, Generation, ParentElementId      AS SELECT ElementId,                 NAME,                 0,                 ParentElementId          FROM   Extract.Element AS FirtGeneration          WHERE  ParentElementId IS NULL          UNION ALL          SELECT NextGeneration.ElementId,                 NextGeneration.NAME,                 Parent.Generation  1,                 Parent.ElementId          FROM   Extract.Element AS NextGeneration                 INNER JOIN cteHierarchy AS Parent                         ON NextGeneration.ParentElementId  Parent.ElementId,      CTEHighRisk      AS SELECT r.ElementId,                 Countr.RiskId AS HighRisk          FROM   Extract.Risk r          WHERE  r.RiskRating  High          GROUP  BY r.ElementId,      CTELowRisk      AS SELECT r.ElementId,                 Countr.RiskId AS LowRisk          FROM   Extract.Risk r          WHERE  r.RiskRating  Low          GROUP  BY r.ElementId,      CTEMedRisk      AS SELECT r.ElementId,                 Countr.RiskId AS MedRisk          FROM   Extract.Risk r          WHERE  r.RiskRating  Medium          GROUP  BY r.ElementId SELECT rd.ElementId,        rd.ElementName,        rd.ParentElementId,        Generation,        HighRisk,        MedRisk,        LowRisk FROM   cteHierarchy rd        LEFT OUTER JOIN CTEHighRisk h                     ON rd.ElementId  h.ElementId        LEFT OUTER JOIN CTEMedRisk m                     ON rd.ElementId  m.ElementId        LEFT OUTER JOIN CTELowRisk l                     ON rd.ElementId  l.ElementId WHERE  Generation  1  codepre  pEditp  pemSample Dataemp  precodeElementTableIdPK  ElementName  ElementParentId 1  Main 0 2 Element11 3 Element2 1 4 SubElement1 2  RiskIdPK RiskName RiskRating ElementIdFK a  Financial  High   2 b  HR  High   3 c  Marketing  Low  2 d  Safety Medium  4 codepre  pSample Output p  precodeElement Name   High   Medium   Low   Main  2  1 1 codepre
Negative 110 pI keep getting this error, i checked everything but cant find the problem. Im trying to fill a database table with some test data and than populate a spinner with this data. Below is my code that is in the onCreate of the activityp  precodecourseSpinner  Spinner findViewByIdR.id.spinCourse      SQLiteHelperCourse courseDbHelper  new SQLiteHelperCoursethis     SQLiteDatabase dbw  courseDbHelper.getWritableDatabase     ContentValues values  new ContentValues     values.putCourseEntry.COLUMNNAMECOURSEID, 1     values.putCourseEntry.COLUMNNAMECOURSENAME, Android     values.putCourseEntry.COLUMNNAMECREDITS, 3     values.putCourseEntry.COLUMNNAMESEMESTER, 1st     values.putCourseEntry.COLUMNNAMEYEAR, 3rd     dbw.insertCourseEntry.TABLENAME, CourseEntry.COLUMNNAMENULLABLE, values      SQLiteDatabase dbr  courseDbHelper.getReadableDatabase     String[] projection   CourseEntry.COLUMNNAMECOURSENAME     final ArrayListltStringgt list  new ArrayListltStringgt      Cursor curs  dbr.queryCourseEntry.TABLENAME,              projection,              null,              null,              null,              null,              null     curs.moveToFirst      whilecurs.moveToNext              list.addcurs.getStringcurs.getColumnIndexOrThrowCourseEntry.COLUMNNAMECOURSENAME           final StableArrayAdapter adapter  new StableArrayAdapterthis,             android.R.layout.simplespinneritem, list      courseSpinner.setAdapteradapter codepre  pHere is the contract classp  precodepublic final class CourseContract   public CourseContract   public static abstract class CourseEntry implements BaseColumns       public static final String TABLENAME  courses     public static final String COLUMNNAMECOURSEID  courseid     public static final String COLUMNNAMECOURSENAME  coursename     public static final String COLUMNNAMEYEAR  year     public static final String COLUMNNAMESEMESTER  semester     public static final String COLUMNNAMECREDITS  credits     public static final String COLUMNNAMENULLABLE  null     codepre  pHere is the SQLiteHelper classp  precodepublic class SQLiteHelperCourse extends SQLiteOpenHelper   public static final int DATABASEVERSION  1 public static final String DATABASENAME  AndroidApplication.db  public SQLiteHelperCourseContext context      supercontext, DATABASENAME, null, DATABASEVERSION   private static final String TEXTTYPE   TEXT private static final String COMMASEP  ,  private static final String SQLCREATEENTRIES           CREATE TABLE   CourseEntry.TABLENAME     CourseEntry.ID   INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,                                                           CourseEntry.COLUMNNAMECOURSEID  TEXTTYPE  COMMASEP                                                          CourseEntry.COLUMNNAMECOURSENAME  TEXTTYPE  COMMASEP                                                          CourseEntry.COLUMNNAMEYEAR  TEXTTYPE  COMMASEP                                                          CourseEntry.COLUMNNAMESEMESTER  TEXTTYPE  COMMASEP                                                          CourseEntry.COLUMNNAMECREDITS  TEXTTYPE    private static final String SQLDELETEENTRIES  DROP TABLE IF EXISTS   CourseEntry.TABLENAME  Override public void onCreateSQLiteDatabase db      db.execSQLSQLCREATEENTRIES    Override public void onUpgradeSQLiteDatabase db, int oldVersion, int newVersion      db.execSQLSQLDELETEENTRIES     onCreatedb   public void onDowngradeSQLiteDatabase db, int oldVersion, int newVersion      onUpgradedb, oldVersion, newVersion   codepre
Negative 110 pI am setting up my GDAL 1.8.0 Project in Visual Studio 2010 Windows, I am on way to add libpng to project.p  pMy libpng release libs are under following folder... They are successfully built with zlib in this folder, as you can see there are no files missing as per VTP site.p  blockquote   pDlibpng16p blockquote  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comm5ydp.png altlibpng files imagep  pAnd I have also changed additional libraries file names.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comBUN7Q.png altfilesp  pEven though I added path in Property Manager, this error is still coming.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comMKy8Z.png altadded folder path imagep  pStill I am getting following errorp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comn68R7.png alterrorp  pThank You in advance.p
Negative 110 pI am making a mobile service with a .NET backend to host a database for my apps and am trying to switch over from a NodeJS backend to one with the .NET backend. Currently, I am using a webapi controller, as I wanted to implement the repository pattern and ran into some indexing issues when using the table controllers and EntityData as my model base class. p  pNow, this means that the route to the controllers is apicontroller, but the client side MobileService.GetTable looks for a route with tablescontroller. How can I change my api controller to use the new route Ive found that putting [RoutePrefixtablesappsetting] above my AppSettingsController is not accomplishing this purpose.p
Negative 110 pUsing Windows 7 64 and Delphi 2010p  pWe are calling a 3rd party function EFTTerminal.Purchase1,0 which make a purchase of 1 from a EFTPOS terminal.p  pWhenever this is called we always get Invalid Variant Operation.p  pEFTTerminal.Purchase1,0. I believe that the parameters are Variant type as the following all compile ok.p  precodeEFTTerminal.Purchase1,0 EFTTerminal.Purchase1,0 EFTTerminal.Purchase1.5,1.5 codepre  pBut all give the same error.p  pWhen I break it is in this procedure in the Variants unit.p  precodeprocedure VarInvalidOp begin raise EVariantInvalidOpError.CreateSInvalidVarOp end codepre  pThe 3rd party cantwont give us the source code so we are unable to trace this any further.p  pCan anyone give me some clues on how to resolve this issuep
Negative 110 pI have a problem with share parameters from one object to other I have one LatestVideos object with options my video galleries and other object with methods to Paginate, Render, Categories and LocalStorage, witch handup all functionality but I use this to many this I need this as separete objectp  precode    function window, document, none    use strict   var LatestVideos  window.LatestVideos  function option      object to init puglin data JSON FORMAT keys Jsondata or url , container,     actual page wrapper on paggination, number of item per page, categorywrapper     this.fragments  document.createDocumentFragment     this.categories  [Favorite]     this.statusLoad  0     this.allid  []     this.categoryid  []     this.actual  []     this.categoryChecked[]     this.page  0     loadJSONoption.url,this.initData.bindthis          this.settings    init data from options object from parameter constructor               JsonData option.data  0,                container  option.container,         actpage  option.actpage  1,          buttonwrapper  option.paginationwrapper,         categorywrapper  option.categorywrapper,         itemperpage  option.itemperpage,   get value from prev Selection or default                          LatestVideos.prototype.initData  function data   assinchrounous call json with ajax       this.settings.JsonData  data       this.settings.lengthData  data.length       Render.setDatathis       Render.getCategories      var Render    need this data from LASTESTVIDEOS    data,conteiner,paginationwrapper,categorywrapper      object with method  to render articles to my website      var Pagination  function        from LASTESTVIDEOS I need JsonData, actPage overide page and paginatorwrapper      object with method to calculate number of pages and paginate my articles      var Cateogry  function         from LASTESTVIDEOS categoryid change actual and allid       object with method to changeCategory and get category from data atribut        var LocalStoraget  function       I JSON data from LASTESTVIDEOS      object with method to getFavorite item form localstorage and add to localstorage  window, document   function loadJSONurl, callback       function to load ajax from url inputurl form and callback function,  output function call and post ARRAY JSON OBJECTS   var xmlhttp 0   if typeof XMLHttpRequest  undefined      xmlhttp  new XMLHttpRequest    else      var versions  [Microsoft.XmlHttp,         MSXML2.XmlHttp,         MSXML2.XmlHttp.3.0,         MSXML2.XmlHttp.4.0,         MSXML2.XmlHttp.5.0]     var len   versions.length     for var i  0 i lt len i        try          xmlhttp  new ActiveXObjectversions[i]         break              catche      xmlhttp.onreadystatechange  ensureReadiness function ensureReadiness   if xmlhttp.readyState  4 ampamp xmlhttp.status  200        JSONObject  JSON.parsexmlhttp.responseText     callback JSONObject   else     return     xmlhttp.openGET,url,true xmlhttp.send  var options  urlsomeURL,containervideox,paginationwrapperpages var opp  new LatestVideosoptions codepre  pand this is a plugin witch I need create xtimes with differend options and sometimes I need separetly render or paginate object or localstorage p
Negative 110 pI know this could be a silly question.. but I am trying to align the filter and the CListView widget to show it appropriately as belowp  pHere is the codep  precodeltdiv classrowfluid span12gt  ltdiv classspan4gt  ltphp box  thisgtbeginWidget     bootstrap.widgets.TbBox,     array         title gt Advanced Search,         headerIcon gt iconthlist,         htmlOptions gt arrayclass gt bootstrapwidgettable              gt ltphp thisgtrenderPartialsearch,arraymodelgtmodel, gt  ltphp thisgtendWidget gt  ltdivgt ltdiv classspan8gt      ltphp          thisgtwidgetzii.widgets.CListView,                  array                       dataProvidergtmodelgtsearch,                       ajaxUpdate gt true,                       enablePaginationgttrue,                        itemViewgtlist,    refers to the partial view named post                       sortableAttributesgtarray                                                   Price,                                                   Year,                                                   Lenght                                                   ,                                                              gt  ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pwhich actually generates something like left side of the attached picturep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comrs5Y1.png altenter image description herep  pHow can I make sure that the CListView widget is aligned within the filter  And get rid of the text Displaying 129 results  and align the filters on the topp
Negative 110 pIs there e.g. a viewmain.js file anywhere with all ExtJS UI Elements, so that I see the changes, while I edit scssfiles p  pI imagine something like that, but with all possible UIElements a hrefhttpdev.sencha.comdeployext4.0.2aexamplesthemesindex.html relnofollowhttpdev.sencha.comdeployext4.0.2aexamplesthemesindex.htmlap  pThere is also a all views theming template a hrefhttpsmarket.sencha.comextensionsallviewsthemingtemplate relnofollowhttpsmarket.sencha.comextensionsallviewsthemingtemplatea but I dont know how to use it. It requires Sencha Architect but I dont use itp  pthank youp
Negative 110 pId like to enable push notifications for distribution on the app store. Ive gone through the process of creating a provisioning profile, and app id that has a bundle identifier the same as the app that is also enabled for push notifications, etc. However, after I do this on the apple developer website, how do I get the provisioning profile into the app to be submitted Is it enough to just update my XCode account preferences with the provisioning profile, and then submit it through XCode Or is there something else I have to dop  pAlso, if Id like to get this same process to work with an .ipa file, what would I have to dop
Negative 110 pSo I have some dictionariesp  precodedict1   a 5, b 1, c 8  dict2   a 2, b 6, c 11  codepre  pHow do I take input and search in the dictionary called whatever the input is So I take input and print the value codeccode of that dictionary.p  pThe idea is for something that acts this wayp  precodegtgtgt myfunction Enter a dict dict1 The answer is 8  gtgtgt myfunction Enter a dict dict2 The answer is 11 codepre
Negative 110 pIve strange requirement for generation of a XML document. I need to add the xml attributes based on the value of other tags. p  pIn the below xml, for Row tags, I need to display strongColumn1strong values based on the values in codelttablegtcode tag. Like two dimensional matrix.p  pEx If I have value in my codelttablegtcode like  codelttable nametable1  row1 column1 gtcodep  pThen in my codeltRowgtcode tag I need to add attribute like  codeColumn1code Column tag attribute name code table1code table tag attribute namep  pIm generating the value for this association but How can I create on the fly tags xmlAttribute like this p  pI need to generate my XML in this way.. p  precodeltTree name desc title gt     ltColumngt          ltColumn nameColumn1 desc group id1gt     ltColumngt     ltRowgt         ltRow id 1 name  desc   Column1  table1gt            ltRow id  2 name desc   Column1  table2 gt         ltRowgt         ltRow id  3 name  desc id Column1  table3 gt     ltRowsgt     lttablegt          lttable nametable1  row1 column1 gt           lttable nametable2  row2 column1 gt            lttable nametable3  row3 column1 gt      lttablegt ltTreegt codepre
Negative 110 pso I have a string dna sequence and its complement and I am searching them for reverse palindromes. p  precodeseq1[iz] codepre  pworks great butp  precodeseq2[iz1] codepre  pprints nothing and returns nothing. p  precodeseq[iz][1] codepre  pworks fine in all cases, but is this normal for string slicesp
Negative 110 pmy script is that. It compare files in a folder to files in database. If one file in my folder is not in my database, it inserts it. Now I would like to add a functionalit to compare the modified date of the file. If it has been modified, I insert it, and if not, just do nothing.p  pI tried to do something, but not sure how to make it.p  pbellow my scriptp  precodebdd  new PDOmysqlhostlocalhostdbnamecheck, root, root  dirname  .check dir  scandirdirname  fichiersbdd  bddgtquerySELECT filename, modifiedDate1 FROM file fichiersbdd  fichiersbddgtfetchAllPDOFETCHCOLUMN    params  array i  0 foreachdir as file      iffile  . ampamp file  .. ampamp isdirdirname.file ampamp inarrayfile, fichiersbdd               ifi  0             reqINSERT INTO file filename, modifiedDate1 VALUES             i         else req .,      req . , modifiedDate1     params[]  file     vardumpreq         ifemptyparams     stmt  bddgtpreparereq     stmtgtexecuteparams else echo all files are already in database. codepre
Negative 110 pI want to run a batch script when I connect to another computer using ssh.net p  pIt seems it doesnt work p  precodeSshCommand command  client.RunCommandCmybatch.bat  codepre  pI can connect and run a command like codeshutdowncode but I cant run a batch file. p  pWhat should I dop
Negative 110 pAfter compiling my program i get this a hrefhttpsimgur.com6Rcnx3r relnofollowerrorabr Im using CodeBlocks.Program is written to be easy download manager. Problem occurs with all types of files pdf,txt,jpg. Heres my code. I dont know why is it happening. Please help.p  precodedefine CURLSTATICLIB include ltstdio.hgt include ltcurlcurl.hgt include ltstring.hgt  sizet writedatavoid ptr, sizet size, sizet nmemb, FILE stream      sizet written     written  fwriteptr, size, nmemb, stream     return written   int mainvoid      CURL curl     FILE fp     CURLcode res     int x     char y[200]     char page     char outfilename     char pathpdf  homeuserDesktopdocument.pdf     char pathjpg  homeuserDesktoppicture.jpg     char pathtxt  homeuserDesktopdocument.txt     char FILEPATH[3]  pathpdf, pathjpg, pathtxt     printfEnter file url n  for example httpoi58.tinypic.com15nk3de.jpg     scanf s,y     char url  y     printfChoose type of filen [0]  pdfn [1]  jpgn [2]  txtn  choose 1     scanfd,ampx     outfilename  FILEPATH[x]     curl  curleasyinit     if curl              fp  fopenoutfilename,wb         curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTURL, url         curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTWRITEFUNCTION, writedata         curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTWRITEDATA, fp         curleasysetopt curl, CURLOPTVERBOSE, 1L         res  curleasyperformcurl         if res  CURLEOK         printfFile downloadedn             curleasycleanupcurl         fclosefp          return 0  codepre
Negative 110 pis there any body who can help me to solve my problem.  i have 3 file codeindex.phpcode codeprocess.jscode coderedirectprocess.phpcode. well, the codeindex.phpcode is my home page, and there is a form inside of it. and the codeprocess.jscode is call everytime the codebutton submitcode is clicked to validate the data of form, so, if there is an error inputted data, simply, do not return into true and show some error message, else return into true and then redirect into another page with coderedirectprocess.phpcode. here is my code for codeprocess.jscodep  precodedocument.readyfunction     formside.submitfunction     var namethis  [azAZ ]   var returnprocess  false   ifnamethis.testdocument.getElementByIdinputfieldone.value  false     alertError     returnprocess  false   else     .ajax                  typePOST,                 url.rpredirectprocess.php,the link to call redirect process                 data myform.serialize,                 success functionresponse                 myform.triggerreset                       No more validation here, so i want to go into another page now by returning into TRUE                 returnprocess  true This will be the cause now to go to another page.      return returnprocess    codepre  pso lets say now there is no error inputted data, and i want now to redirect into another page using coderedirectprocess.phpcode. Here is my code for coderedirectprocess.phpcodep  precode...Some validation here if data is ok, and no error      Redirect into correct page     headerLocation httplocalhosttestcorrectpage.php  else     Redirect into wrong page     headerLocation httplocalhosttestwrongpage.php     codepre  pthe problem is, it is always returning into codeindex.phpcode it is not redirecting in any link above. please me help me. Thank youp
Negative 110 pIn mvc5 application im create class in folder Modelsp  precodepublic class Code      [Key]     public Guid Id  get set      public string UserId  get set   codepre  pAnd make migration.p  pAlso i got classcontext, autogenerated p  precodepublic class ApplicationDbContext  IdentityDbContextltApplicationUsergt      public ApplicationDbContext          baseDefaultConnection, throwIfV1Schema false                public static ApplicationDbContext Create              return new ApplicationDbContext          public DbSetltCodegt Codes  get set   codepre  pIn one of my controllers i wrote methodp  precodeusing var db  new ApplicationDbContext      var manager          new UserManagerltApplicationUsergtnew UserStoreltApplicationUsergtdb     var user  manager.FindByIdUser.Identity.GetUserId     Code codeD  new Code     codeD.Id  Guid.NewGuid     codeD.UserId  user.Id     db.Codes.AddcodeD     db.SaveChanges  codepre  pBut every time when i do it, db.Codes got 0 items. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comt2vAU.jpg altenter image description herep  pBut in my Data Base changes saved and i got this items img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4eELT.jpg altenter image description herep  pDid anyone know reason of such phenomenon I cant reach items from Data base, but im free to save new items. Did someone know, how gets all Codes from my Databasep  pI used generated mvc5 project, so ApplicationUserDbContext generated automaticaly.p  pKind regards.p
Negative 110 pwe are developing an app with phonegap for Android and IOS. Till one month ago the code worked like a charm.p  pUnfortunately since I Updated the IOS device to 8.11 and the android device to 4.4.2 scrolling doesnt work anymore. The div with the id listecontainer is filled dynamically via Jquery. I Guess they changed something in the Webview so the Browser doesnt get it when content is added dynamicallyp  precodeltbody stylebackgroundimageurl....imgbackgroundHintergrundHolz.jpg backgroundsize 100 autobackgroundposition bottombackgroundrepeat repeatygt      ltdiv classweisschrift idfixedinfoarea styleposition fixedwidth 100 paddingleft 2.5 paddingright 2.5height 83maxheight 83overflowy auto aligncentergt         ltdiv classflex weishintergrund stylepadding 3margintop 5gt             ltdiv stylewidth 80gt                 ltdiv idfirstinfoline styletextalign left fontsize 120 classrobotoslapbold dunkelrotschriftgt                     Headline 1                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv idsecondinfoline styletextalign left classrobotoslapregular grauschriftgt                     Headline 2                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv  stylewidth 20gt                 ltimg idgesamtfortschrittimage src....imgprogressbarplay0036Ebenenkomp.37.png  stylewidth100gt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt          ltdiv idsearchbargt          ltdivgt          ltdiv stylewidth 100margintop 2 idlistecontainer classgt          ltdivgt codepre
Negative 110 pIm using Windows Azure HDInsights Hadoop cluster and I am trying to export hive table from there to SQL Azure server. p  pThe hive table is really simple actually, for now it consists from one column data without any space characters and other special symbols. On the server side, its also a table with the following schema p  precodeCREATE TABLE exp line [nvarchar] 100 codepre  pFor the exporting, I am using the following PS script p  precodetableName  exp  connectionString  jdbcsqlserversqlDatabaseServerName.database.windows.netusersqlDatabaseLoginsqlDatabaseServerNamepasswordsqlDatabasePassworddatabasedatabaseName  exportDir  wasbtest1mystorage.blob.core.windows.net  sqoopDef  NewAzureHDInsightSqoopJobDefinition Command export connect connectionString table tableName exportdir exportDir fieldsterminatedby t linesterminatedby n  sqoopJob  StartAzureHDInsightJob Cluster clusterName JobDefinition sqoopDef Debug Verbose WaitAzureHDInsightJob WaitTimeoutInSeconds 3600 Job sqoopJob  WriteHost Standard Error BackgroundColor Green GetAzureHDInsightJobOutput Cluster clusterName JobId sqoopJob.JobId StandardError WriteHost Standard Output BackgroundColor Green GetAzureHDInsightJobOutput Cluster clusterName JobId sqoopJob.JobId StandardOutput codepre  pFor some reasons, exporting is stuck after 100 map and finishing after timeout without any errors and exceptions. p  pFor now I know that job sees the data in Hadoop if I specify other path, it throws exception. If hive data schema and sql table schema are mismatching, I also have exception. From SQL side I see the evidence of successful connections. p  pAnd yes, I have configured SQL server firewall to allow connection and Windows Azure services are allowed as well.p  pDoes anybody have suggestion about what to do next Would appreciate any help. p
Negative 110 pWhen I initialize a local hash using my in a perl module, the hash appears to be empty from within module functions.p  pHere is the perl module codep  precodepackage Test  use 5.014002 use strict use warnings use Exporter qwimport  our EXPORTTAGS       all gt [ qwtest ]   our EXPORTOK    EXPORTTAGSall    our EXPORT  qw    our VERSION  0.01  my h   1 gt one   BEGIN    sub test      my a  shift     print Testha . n   1 END codepre  pHere, test sees an empty hash.p  pIf instead I declare the hash first, but initialize it within BEGIN, then it works fine. Here is the modified codep  precodepackage Test  use 5.014002 use strict use warnings use Exporter qwimport  our EXPORTTAGS       all gt [ qwtest ]   our EXPORTOK    EXPORTTAGSall    our EXPORT  qw    our VERSION  0.01  my h  BEGIN      Testh   1 gt one    sub test      my a  shift     print Testha . n   1 END codepre  pAdditionally, if I declare the hash using our instead, then it works fine in both cases.p  pWhat am I missingp
Negative 110 pDo the following two pieces of code work identically, or do the native codemysqlicode transaction functions do some extra stuffp  pIm particularly interested in how errors are handled and reported if at all when starting and committing transactionscreating and releasing savepoints.p  pstrongUsing specific codemysqlicode functions for transaction handlingstrongp  precodedb  new mysqlilocalhost, root, batman, batcave if dbgtbegintransaction  throw new Exceptiondbgterror  excqueryINSERT INTO utilitybelt SET itemapple excqueryINSERT INTO utilitybelt SET itembanana if dbgtsavepointvegetables  throw new Exceptiondbgterror  excqueryINSERT INTO utilitybelt SET itempotato excqueryDELETE FROM utilitybelt WHERE itemturnip if dbgtreleasesavepointvegetables  throw new Exceptiondbgterror  excqueryINSERT INTO utilitybelt SET itemorange if dbgtcommit  throw new Exceptiondbgterror  codepre  pstrongUsing plain old codequerycode function to do the same thingstrongp  precodedb  new mysqlilocalhost, root, batman, batcave excquerySTART TRANSACTION excqueryINSERT INTO utilitybelt SET itemapple excqueryINSERT INTO utilitybelt SET itembanana excquerySAVEPOINT vegetables excqueryINSERT INTO utilitybelt SET itempotato excqueryDELETE FROM utilitybelt WHERE itemturnip excqueryRELEASE SAVEPOINT vegetables excqueryINSERT INTO utilitybelt SET itemorange excqueryCOMMIT codepre  pstrongImplementation of codeexcquerycode function used abovestrongp  precodefunction excqueryq      global db     if dbgtqueryq          throw new Exceptiondbgterror       codepre  pstrongWhy am I askingstrongp  pIm occasionally getting issues when trying to do codeRELEASE SAVEPOINT ltnamegtcode, and seeing codeSAVEPOINT ltnamegt does not existcode, even though Im certain I have previously sent codeSAVEPOINT ltnamegtcode to the server.p  pBased on what Ive read in a hrefhttpsmariadb.comkbenmariadbsavepoint relnofollowMariaDBs documentationa, this error could be thrown if the intitial codeSTART TRANSACTIONcode failed in my examples. In that case, a transaction wouldnt be started, therefore codeSAVEPOINT ltnamegtcode would be silently ignored, but codeRELEASE SAVEPOINT ltnamegtcode would subsequently throw an error.p  pWhat makes me wonder is that the following line doesnt catch any failures to create the create the initial transaction in these casesp  precodeif dbgtqueryq      throw new Exceptiondbgterror  codepre  p... so Im not sure if Im right or not. Unfortunately, the official PHP documentation on how those mysqli functions work is a hrefhttpphp.netmanualenmysqli.begintransaction.php relnofollownota a hrefhttpphp.netmanualenmysqli.savepoint.php relnofollowverya a hrefhttpphp.netmanualenmysqli.releasesavepoint.php relnofollowhelpfula.p
Negative 110 pI have a button.I am using xml for this button.p  pXmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt  ltselector xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroidgt     ltitem androidstatepressedtrue         androiddrawablecolorshareButtonBgClickedColor gt      ltitem androiddrawablecolorshareButtonBgColor gt         ltshapegt             ltcorners                 androidbottomLeftRadius13dp                 androidbottomRightRadius13dp                 androidtopLeftRadius13dp                 androidtopRightRadius13dp gt             ltshapegt     ltitemgt ltselectorgt codepre  pIt reads background color but doesnt read border radius.How can I fix it p
Negative 110 pIs there a way to supportp  precode url myapp.views.index  codepre  pandp  precode url myapp.views.index  codepre  pboth at the same timep  pWhy to do that I was told to change all my dev environment to 1.6. which I did however surprisingly the prod server still has django 1.4. Only big incompatibility is the URL tag.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 110 pI have a custom polymer element inside body element.p  pIf I add styles like codewidth  100pxcode to the custom element, they are not applied.p  pBut once I add codevertical layoutcode to the body element, the rules get applied.p  pCan somebody please explain why is this happenint, is there a workaround, or am i missing somethingp  pThank you.p
Negative 110 pThe application crashes as soon as I press the settings button set up in another layout. I am sharing only the relevant code here. What I want to do here is that I want to load prefs activity which has preferences setup.  Any help will be highly appreciated. p  pAndroidManifest.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid packagecom.example.dummyproject androidversionCode1 androidversionName1.0 gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNET gt  ltusessdk     androidminSdkVersion11     androidtargetSdkVersion19 gt  ltapplication     androidallowBackuptrue     androidicondrawableiclauncher     androidlabelstringappname     androidthemestyleAppTheme gt      ltactivity         androidname.SignIn         androidlabelstringappnamegt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt              ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt     ltactivity         androidname.Splash         androidlabelstringappname gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnamecom.example.dummyproject.startsurfing gt              ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt      ltactivity         androidname.Prefs         androidlabelstringappname gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnamecom.example.dummyproject.prefsettings gt              ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt      ltactivity         androidname.URIsettings         androidlabelstringappname gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnamecom.example.dummyproject.oldsettings gt              ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt ltapplicationgt codepre  pp  pPrefs.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltPreferenceScreen xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid gt ltEditTextPreference     androidtitle  eTextip     androidkey  ipAddr     androidsummaryEnter the IP address of the webserver      androiddefaultValue192.168.1.4     gt  ltEditTextPreference      androidtitle  eTextport     androidkey  portNum     androidsummaryEnter the port number on which the webserver is running     androiddefaultValue  8080     gt  ltEditTextPreference     androidtitleeTextlocation     androidkeylocation     androidsummary  Enter the name of .html.php file that you want to run      androiddefaultValueshaheertraveller.php     gt       codepre  pp  pPrefs.javap  precodepackage com.example.dummyproject import android.os.Bundle import android.preference.PreferenceFragment  public class Prefs extends PreferenceFragment       Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         addPreferencesFromResource R.xml.prefs        codepre  pSignIn.javap  precodepackage com.example.dummyproject  import android.app.Activity import android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.view.View import android.widget.Button  public class SignIn extends Activity      public void onCreate Bundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentView R.layout.applogin          com.example.dummyproject.settings          Button signInButton  Button findViewById R.id.signupbtn         signInButton.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  Intent intOpenWebView  new Intent com.example.dummyproject.startsurfing                 startActivity intOpenWebView                                 Button settingsButton  Button findViewById R.id.settingsbtn         settingsButton.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                   THE APPLICATION CRASHES RIGHT HERE                 Intent intOpenWebView  new Intent com.example.dummyproject.prefsettings                 startActivity intOpenWebView                                 private int authenticate String userName, String password          return 1       codepre  pLogCatp  precode0111 225830.876 IProcess4949 Sending signal. PID 4949 SIG 9 0111 230057.012 DPackageItemInfo6004 loadIconcachednamecom.example.dummyproject.SignIn 0111 230057.052 Ddalvikvm6004 GCFORALLOC freed 38K, 65 free 4474K12760K, paused 16ms, total 17ms 0111 230057.112 Idalvikvmheap6004 Grow heap frag case to 18.562MB for 12582928byte allocation 0111 230057.173 Ddalvikvm6004 GCCONCURRENT freed 3K, 34 free 16759K25052K, paused 22ms11ms, total 57ms 0111 230057.733 DlibEGL6004 loaded systemlibegllibEGLadreno200.so 0111 230057.753 DlibEGL6004 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv1CMadreno200.so 0111 230057.763 DlibEGL6004 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv2adreno200.so 0111 230057.773 IAdreno200EGL6004 ltqeglDrvAPIeglInitialize265gt EGL 1.4 QUALCOMM build AULINUXANDROIDJB2.5.04.02.02.040.400msm8960JB2.5CL3744273releaseAU CL3744273 0111 230057.773 IAdreno200EGL6004 Build Date 063013 Sun 0111 230057.773 IAdreno200EGL6004 Local Branch  0111 230057.773 IAdreno200EGL6004 Remote Branch quicjb2.5 0111 230057.773 IAdreno200EGL6004 Local Patches NONE 0111 230057.773 IAdreno200EGL6004 Reconstruct Branch AULINUXANDROIDJB2.5.04.02.02.040.400   NOTHING 0111 230058.073 DOpenGLRenderer6004 Enabling debug mode 0 0111 230159.489 DDEBUG6004 Splash intenthttp192.168.1.380SemesterProjectlocationpage.html 0111 230159.519 Dwebcoreglue6004 netstack Memory Cache feature is OFF 0111 230159.639 DJSENGINE6004 qualcomm.jsengine.versionC.2patch35git7b7ad6f 0111 230159.779 DHostStatisticManager6004 netstack DNS Host Prioritization is ON, Version 5.0.1 0111 230159.779 I6004 netstack LIBMGR  Lib loaded libdnshostprio.so 0111 230159.779 I6004 netstack STATHUB  Succeeded to load plugin libdnshostprio.so 0111 230159.779 E6004 netstack LIBMGR  Error loading lib splprocplugin.so 0111 230159.779 E6004 netstack STATHUB  Failed to load plugin splprocplugin.so 0111 230159.789 I6004 netstack LIBMGR  Lib loaded ppprocplugin.so 0111 230159.789 I6004 netstack STATHUB  Succeeded to load plugin ppprocplugin.so 0111 230159.789 E6004 netstack  STATHUB  App com.example.dummyproject isnt supported 0111 230159.829 Vchromium6004 externalchromiumnethostresolverhelperhostresolverhelper.cc66 [0111230159INFOhostresolverhelper.cc66] DNSPreResolverInit got hostprovider0x5d18a00c 0111 230159.829 Vchromium6004 externalchromiumnetbasehostresolverimpl.cc1510 [0111230159INFOhostresolverimpl.cc1510] HostResolverImplSetPreresolver preresolver0x5d300260 0111 230159.829 E6004 netstack LIBMGR  Error loading lib libsocketpoolextend.so 0111 230159.829 ISockPoolExtend6004 Using default ClientSocketPoolExtend 0111 230159.839 D6004 externalchromiumnetsockettcpfinaggregationfactory.cc libtcpfinaggr.so successfully loaded 0111 230159.839 D6004 externalchromiumnetsockettcpfinaggregationfactory.cc, TCP Fin Aggregation initializing method was found in libtcpfinaggr.so 0111 230159.839 DTCPFinAggregation6004 netstack TCPFinAggregation is 1, Version 5.0.1 0111 230159.839 DTCPFinAggregation6004 system property net.tcp.fin.aggregation.wait was set, value 20 0111 230159.839 ICneObs6004 CAS is enabled 0111 230159.839 ICneObs6004 [CNE CLIENT STATE MACHINE] transition NOTCONNECTEDNOTATTEMPTED gt CONNECTING 0111 230159.839 DCneObs6004 failed to connect to server 0111 230159.839 ICneObs6004 [CNE CLIENT STATE MACHINE] transition CONNECTING gt NOTCONNECTEDUNABLETOCONNECT 0111 230159.839 DCneObs6004 monitorLoop connect attempt 1 0111 230159.839 DTCPFinAggregation6004 system property net.tcp.fin.aggregation.close was set, value 300 0111 230159.839 DTCPFinAggregation6004 netstack CloseUnusedSockets is ON, TCPFinAggregation, Version 5.0.1 0111 230159.939 ICneObs6004 [CNE CLIENT STATE MACHINE] transition NOTCONNECTEDUNABLETOCONNECT gt CONNECTING 0111 230159.939 DCneObs6004 failed to connect to server 0111 230159.939 ICneObs6004 [CNE CLIENT STATE MACHINE] transition CONNECTING gt NOTCONNECTEDUNABLETOCONNECT 0111 230159.939 DCneObs6004 monitorLoop connect attempt 0 0111 230200.040 DCneObs6004 Monitor loop is terminating 0111 230200.090 ECneObs6004 communication to CAS is down 0111 230200.090 DTCPFinAggregation6004 Failed to get network status received ret 2 0111 230200.090 DSocketPool6004 netstack CloseUnusedSockets is ON 0111 230200.090 DSocketPool6004 netstack system net.statistics value 0 0111 230200.090 DSocketPool6004 netstack CloseUnusedSockets is ON 0111 230200.090 DSocketPool6004 netstack system net.statistics value 0 0111 230200.100 D6004 externalchromiumnethttphttpgetzipfactory.cc libgetzip.so successfully loaded 0111 230200.100 D6004 externalchromiumnethttphttpgetzipfactory.cc, GETzip initializing method was found in libgetzip.so 0111 230200.100 Dnetstack6004 netstack Request Priority is ON 0111 230200.100 D6004 netstack Getzip is ON, Version 5.0.1 0111 230200.160 D6004 netstack Early Connections is ON, Version 5.0.1, Param 3 0111 230200.280 DDEBUG6004 Web View has been loaded 0111 230200.350 DDEBUG6004 Web View has been loaded 0111 230200.370 DTilesManager6004 Starting TG 0, 0x5d448060 0111 230200.370 DTilesManager6004 new EGLContext from framework 5cc16488  0111 230200.370 DGLWebViewState6004 Reinit shader 0111 230200.470 DGLWebViewState6004 Reinit transferQueue 0111 230339.836 WIInputConnectionWrapper6004 showStatusIcon on inactive InputConnection 0111 230344.011 DPackageItemInfo6900 loadIconcachednamecom.example.dummyproject.SignIn 0111 230344.071 Ddalvikvm6900 GCFORALLOC freed 55K, 65 free 4474K12760K, paused 19ms, total 19ms 0111 230344.101 Idalvikvmheap6900 Grow heap frag case to 18.562MB for 12582928byte allocation 0111 230344.151 Ddalvikvm6900 GCCONCURRENT freed 3K, 34 free 16759K25052K, paused 4ms7ms, total 51ms 0111 230344.841 DlibEGL6900 loaded systemlibegllibEGLadreno200.so 0111 230344.851 DlibEGL6900 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv1CMadreno200.so 0111 230344.871 DlibEGL6900 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv2adreno200.so 0111 230347.054 IAdreno200EGL6900 ltqeglDrvAPIeglInitialize265gt EGL 1.4 QUALCOMM build AULINUXANDROIDJB2.5.04.02.02.040.400msm8960JB2.5CL3744273releaseAU CL3744273 0111 230347.054 IAdreno200EGL6900 Build Date 063013 Sun 0111 230347.054 IAdreno200EGL6900 Local Branch  0111 230347.054 IAdreno200EGL6900 Remote Branch quicjb2.5 0111 230347.054 IAdreno200EGL6900 Local Patches NONE 0111 230347.054 IAdreno200EGL6900 Reconstruct Branch AULINUXANDROIDJB2.5.04.02.02.040.400   NOTHING 0111 230347.144 DOpenGLRenderer6900 Enabling debug mode 0 0111 230427.157 DAndroidRuntime6900 Shutting down VM 0111 230427.157 Wdalvikvm6900 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x41635ae0 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900 java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to instantiate activity ComponentInfocom.example.dummyprojectcom.example.dummyproject.Prefs java.lang.ClassCastException com.example.dummyproject.Prefs cannot be cast to android.app.Activity 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2112 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2236 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at android.app.ActivityThread.access600ActivityThread.java145 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1238 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5099 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java803 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java570 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900 Caused by java.lang.ClassCastException com.example.dummyproject.Prefs cannot be cast to android.app.Activity 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at android.app.Instrumentation.newActivityInstrumentation.java1055 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2103 0111 230427.157 EAndroidRuntime6900     ... 11 more 0111 230429.369 IProcess6900 Sending signal. PID 6900 SIG 9 codepre
Negative 110 pI have a UsesController that currently looks like the following and Im trying to figure out what is the best way for me to handle all my large amounts of data in my data. As of right now I am simply retrieving all of the users from my database and passing it to my view and and then looping over the data in a foreach loop creating a new table row in my HTML table. And then in my javascript initializing the table as a database table. Is there any disadvantages of going this route or should I turn this into an API of sorts or what kind of suggestions would help me.p  precodeltphp  use MyAppServicesUserCreatorService  class UsersController extends BaseController       protected userCreator      public function constructUserCreatorService userCreator              parentconstruct         thisgtuserCreator  userCreator         thisgtbeforeFilterroleAdministrator.Owner                 Display a listing of users           return Response          public function index               Retrieve all users from database with roles and statuses         users  Userwithrolegtwithstatusgtget           Return a view to display all users by passing users variable to view.         return Viewmakeusers.index, compactusers        lttable classtable tablestriped tablebordered responsive resourceTablegt     ltthead classgt         lttrgt             ltth classcentergtIDltthgt             ltthgtNameltthgt             ltthgtEmail Addressltthgt             ltthgtUsernameltthgt             ltthgtRoleltthgt             ltthgtStatusltthgt             ltth classnosortable centergtActionsltthgt         lttrgt     lttheadgt      lttbodygt         foreachusers as user             lttrgt                 lttd classcentergt usergtid lttdgt                 lttdgt usergtgetFullName lttdgt                 lttdgt usergtemailaddress lttdgt                 lttdgt usergtusername lttdgt                 lttdgt usergtrolegtrolename lttdgt                 lttdgt usergtstatusgtstatusname lttdgt                 lttd classcentergt                     lt TODO Figure out how to make a function with actions td.gt                     if  usergtrole[id] lt currentUsergtrole[id]                          lta dataoriginaltitleEdit href routeusers.edit, usergtid  datatoggletooltip title classtooltipsgtlti classfa fapencilgtltigtltagt                         lta dataoriginaltitleDelete href routeusers.destroy, usergtid  datatoggletooltip title classtooltips ajaxdeletegtlti classfa fatrashogtltigtltagt                     endif                     lta dataoriginaltitleProfile href routeusers.show, usergtid  datatoggletooltip title classtooltipsgtlti classfa faeyegtltigtltagt                 lttdgt             lttrgt         endforeach     lttbodygt lttablegt   Set defaults for all resource tables. .extend .fn.dataTable.defaults,      aoColumnDefs [          bSortable false, aTargets [ nosortable ]      ],     pagingType fullnumbers   document.readyfunction       we define the table in a global variable so we can later manipulate it...     resourceTable  .resourceTable.dataTable      var addButton  ltbutton classbtn btnprimary myActionButtons idaddNewgtAdd Newltbuttongt       TODO Find out if this is the best place for a add new button globally on table pages.      .dataTablesfilter.parent.appendaddButton   document.onclick, addNew, functione      e.preventDefault     window.location.replacewindow.location.href  create  codepre
Negative 110 pI am developing android application about VideoPlayer. I play video on the internet,but I want to do play When android device doesnt connect to the internet. I think like that firstly I install video from intrnet in to the application and if internet exist on the device it plays from internet,but When internet doesnt exist it should be play in application How can I do this My code is belowp  ppublic class AndroidVideoPlayer extends Activity implements         SurfaceHolder.Callback, OnClickListener p  precodeWakeLock wakeLock  MediaPlayer mediaPlayer SurfaceView surfaceView SurfaceHolder surfaceHolder boolean pausing  false  Timer timer  int maxVolume  50  int userInteractionTimeout  Button sound  int currentVolume  String url  httpwww.androidbegin.comtutorialAndroidCommercial.3gp   Called when the activity is first created.   ConnectivityManager cm  NetworkInfo activeNetwork boolean isConnected  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setVolumeControlStreamAudioManager.STREAMMUSIC     requestWindowFeatureWindow.FEATURENOTITLE      getWindow.setFlagsWindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGFULLSCREEN,             WindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGFULLSCREEN      try           REQUIRES ROOT          Build.VERSIONCODES vc  new Build.VERSIONCODES         Build.VERSION vr  new Build.VERSION         String ProcID  79  HONEYCOMB AND OLDER           v.RELEASE 4.0.3         if vr.SDKINT gt vc.ICECREAMSANDWICH              ProcID  42  ICS AND NEWER                    REQUIRES ROOT         Process proc  Runtime.getRuntime.exec                 new String[]                          su,                         c,                         service call activity   ProcID                                   s16 com.android.systemui   WAS                                                                      79         proc.waitFor       catch Exception ex           Toast.LENGTHLONG.show           setContentViewR.layout.main      cm  ConnectivityManager getApplicationContext.getSystemService             Context.CONNECTIVITYSERVICE      activeNetwork  cm.getActiveNetworkInfo     isConnected  activeNetwork  null             ampamp activeNetwork.isConnectedOrConnecting     Log.imle,   isConnected      PowerManager powerManager  PowerManager getSystemServiceContext.POWERSERVICE     wakeLock  powerManager.newWakeLockPowerManager.FULLWAKELOCK,             Full Wake Lock      sound  Button findViewByIdR.id.btnvolume     sound.setOnClickListenerthis     sound.setVisibilityView.VISIBLE     sound.setBackgroundColorColor.TRANSPARENT       AudioManager audio  AudioManager      getSystemServiceContext.AUDIOSERVICE      currentVolume  audio.getStreamVolumeAudioManager.STREAMMUSIC             timer  new Timer timer.scheduleAtFixedRatenew TimerTask               Override public void run  if userInteractionTimeout  15         Do your Override              timer.cancel Intent intent  new IntentgetApplicationContext,       MainActivity.class intent.putExtraEXIT, false       intent.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP       startActivityintent               userInteractionTimeout  , 0, 1000            getWindow.setFormatPixelFormat.UNKNOWN       Displays a video file.     VideoView mVideoView  VideoView findViewByIdR.id.videoview       String uriPath  android.resourcecom.example.anket1       R.raw.uczvideo      Uri uri  Uri.parseuriPath      mVideoView.setVideoURIuri       mVideoView.requestFocus      if isConnected  true           DownloadFromUrlurl, file                     mVideoView.setVideoPathurl                      mVideoView.start                       video finish listener mVideoView .setOnCompletionListenernew           MediaPlayer.OnCompletionListener                       Override public void onCompletionMediaPlayer mp   not           playVideo  playVideo                      mp.start                        else           String uriPath  android.resourcecom.example.anket1                  R.raw.uczvideo         Uri uri  Uri.parseuriPath         mVideoView.setVideoURIuri         mVideoView.start           video finish listener         mVideoView                 .setOnCompletionListenernew MediaPlayer.OnCompletionListener                       Override                     public void onCompletionMediaPlayer mp                           not playVideo                          playVideo                          mp.start                                               Override protected void onResume       TODO Autogenerated method stub     super.onResume     wakeLock.acquire   Override protected void onPause       TODO Autogenerated method stub     super.onPause     wakeLock.release   Override public boolean onTouchEventMotionEvent event      int eventaction  event.getAction      switch eventaction      case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN          Intent intent  new IntentgetApplicationContext,                 MainActivity.class         intent.putExtraEXIT, false         intent.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP         intent.addFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYNOANIMATION         startActivityintent          break             case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE  finger moves on the screen break              case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP  finger leaves the screen break                  tell the system that we handled the event and no further processing      is required     return true   public String DownloadFromUrlString DownloadUrl, String fileName       File SDCardRoot  null     try          SDCardRoot  Environment.getDataDirectory         File files  new FileSDCardRoot  fileName         int sizeoffile         if files.exists              File root  android.os.Environment.getDataDirectory              File dir  new Fileroot.getAbsolutePath             if dir.exists  false                  dir.mkdirs                           URL url  new URLDownloadUrl             File file  new Filedir, fileName               Open a connection to that URL.              URLConnection ucon  url.openConnection             sizeoffile  ucon.getContentLength             Log.dSIZEOFFILE , sizeoffile   BYTE                            Define InputStreams to read from the URLConnection.                           InputStream is  ucon.getInputStream             BufferedInputStream bis  new BufferedInputStreamis                             Read bytes to the Buffer until there is nothing more to               read1.                           ByteArrayBuffer baf  new ByteArrayBuffer5000             int current  0             while current  bis.read  1                  baf.appendbyte current                           Convert the Bytes read to a String.              FileOutputStream fos  new FileOutputStreamfile             fos.writebaf.toByteArray             fos.flush             fos.close               catch IOException e          e.getMessage           return SDCardRoot  fileName      Override public void onUserInteraction   TODO Autogenerated method   stub super.onUserInteraction      userInteractionTimeout  0       Log.dLOGTAG,User Interaction  userInteractionTimeout          Override public void surfaceChangedSurfaceHolder holder, int format, int width,         int height       TODO Autogenerated method stub    Override public void surfaceCreatedSurfaceHolder holder       TODO Autogenerated method stub    Override public void surfaceDestroyedSurfaceHolder holder       TODO Autogenerated method stub    Override public void onClickView v       TODO Autogenerated method stub      switch v.getId      case R.id.btnvolume          Intent pas  new IntentgetApplicationContext,                 SetVolumeLevel.class         startActivitypas          break      default         break        codepre
Negative 110 pWhen try to load a gem that is installed midway a ruby script execution that has already load gems, the installed gem cannot be found. I looked at the source code for codeGemSpecificationcode and on the reader for the codeallcode class variable, there is a scan for codegemspeccode files that is cached.p  pResetting this variable with codeGemSpecification.all  nilcode works, but it comes with this commentp  precode  Sets the known specs to specs. Not guaranteed to work for you in  the future. Use at your own risk. Caveat emptor. Doomy doom doom.  Etc etc.    Makes specs the known specs  Listen, time is a river  Winter comes, code breaks    wilsonb  def self.all specs   all  specs end codepre  pI wonder if theres a better way.p
Negative 110 pIm building my first Pythonbinding for a C API VisualSFM and Im annoyed by the verbose compiler output generated by distutilsgcc.p  precode python setup.py buildext inplace force running buildext building nvm extension swigging nvm.i to nvmwrap.cpp swig python c py3 I....libpbainclude o nvmwrap.cpp nvm.i x8664linuxgnugcc pthread DNDEBUG g fwrapv O2 Wall Wstrictprototypes g fstackprotector paramsspbuffersize4 Wformat Werrorformatsecurity DFORTIFYSOURCE2 fPIC I....libpbainclude Iusrincludepython3.4m Iprojectsrcswig.envswigincludepython3.4m c nvmwrap.cpp o buildtemp.linuxx86643.4nvmwrap.o Wnoarraybounds Wnoaggressiveloopoptimizations Wnomaybeuninitialized cc1plus warning command line option Wstrictprototypes is valid for CObjC but not for C [enabled by default] x8664linuxgnug pthread shared Wl,O1 Wl,Bsymbolicfunctions Wl,Bsymbolicfunctions Wl,z,relro Wl,Bsymbolicfunctions Wl,z,relro g fstackprotector paramsspbuffersize4 Wformat Werrorformatsecurity DFORTIFYSOURCE2 buildtemp.linuxx86643.4nvmwrap.o o projectsrcswignvm.cpython34m.so codepre  pEach compiler invocation is printed but I only care for the things I need to fix ie. warnings.p  pgcc has no option to silence ordinary output and make is not available. Is there maybe an easy way to manipulate distutils setup objectp
Negative 110 pI have a multisided div that is being controlled by angular and a piece of json, and what I am trying to do is have different nvd3 graphs on each side. So right now, I have all the graphs working on each side however the ones that arent shown  initially seem to collapse to a minimum width, so when I show them they have like 15px width. I have a json object with sides with a key value of active boolean and this determines what is shown through angular by a simple this is in an ngrepeat p  precode ltdiv ngshowside.active gt codepre  pSo I have logic that switches sides, and this works fine, however it looks like when the item is not shown it just collapses the graph.p  pWhat I did notice is if you resize the window it will refresh the charts perfectly to the right size. So my idea is that maybe I could use a similar idea to how the nv.utils.windowReisze works  p  precodenv.utils.windowResizechart.update codepre  pExcept have something with the click function with a function that listens for BOTH the click and if that specific side is active.p  precodemyClickFunctionchart.update codepre  pSo here is my click functionp  precodeflip right scope.flipSideRight  functionindex, parent    var idx  index  1   ifidx gt scope.contentHereCurrent[parent].sides.length      idx  0   else   ifscope.contentHereCurrent[parent].sides[idx].sideIs  help        scope.flipSideRightidx, parent Added to skip over to next item        scope.contentHereCurrent[parent].sides[index].active  false        return  Added to skip execution of following line of codes incase of recursion   else   scope.contentHereCurrent[parent].sides[index].active  false   scope.contentHereCurrent[parent].sides[idx].active  true   codepre  pThis flips right, and alternatively there is a left flip, however I am thinking I could maybe  add something in here somehow that both references the correct face and tells it to update the chart like the nv.utils.windowResize. p  pSo this is my attempt sorry for crappy logic, its only a stab at thisp  precode flip right scope.flipSideRight  functionindex, parent    var idx  index  1   ifidx gt scope.contentHereCurrent[parent].sides.length      idx  0   else   ifscope.contentHereCurrent[parent].sides[idx].sideIs  help        scope.flipSideRightidx, parent Added to skip over to next item        scope.contentHereCurrent[parent].sides[index].active  false        return  Added to skip execution of following line of codes incase of recursion   else   scope.contentHereCurrent[parent].sides[index].active  false   scope.contentHereCurrent[parent].sides[idx].active  true   need reference to specific sides chart   chart.update    codepre  pI would appreciate any insight on how to structure something like this or maybe Im thinking about this incorrectly, as this has me a bit stuck. Thanks for readingp  pEdit I figuired out I can do something simply with jquery like p  precode  nv.utils.windowResizechart.update  .flipWidgRight.bind click, function    chart.update  .flipWidgLeft.bind click, function    chart.update   codepre  pthis is inside the nv.addGraph, but Im wondering if there is a better way of going this that is a little more polymorphic, becuase id have to place these bindings inside each nv.addGraphp
Negative 110 pI want to animate a drawer with a custom shape, however the expected popOut animation appear incorrect.p  pWhat part did I missed to make it transition without a blink br Why is codepopIncode displaying ok but not codepopOutcode p  h1Edith1  pI tried animating the layer withp  precode        pop         self.layer.transform  CATransform3DMakeScale1, 0, 1 codepre  pandp  precode        unPop         let transform  CATransform3DConcat             CATransform3DMakeScale1, 0, 1,             CATransform3DMakeTranslation0, 0  self.frame.height  2, 0         self.layer.transform  transform codepre  pIt looks great,but I would like the top of my frame to be fixed, and only animate it by making it grow from the bottom...p  h1Initial Resulth1  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com64KKk.gif altpicp  h1Initial Codeh1  precode   Points reference    15                                                                                 2     4                         3    class PowerUpDrawer  UIView      var triangleHeight  CGFloat     var orignalHeight  CGFloat  0     var orignalY  CGFloat  0     var isPoped  Bool  true          didSet              if isPoped                  pop              else                  unPop                                  XXX     override initframe CGRect          triangleHeight  25         super.initframe frame           XXX     required initcoder aDecoder NSCoder          triangleHeight  25         super.initcoder aDecoder         orignalHeight  frame.height         orignalY  frame.origin.y            override var frame CGRect          didSet              let bezierpath  UIBezierPath             bezierpath.moveToPointCGPointx 0, y 0  1             bezierpath.addLineToPointCGPointx 0, y  frame.height  triangleHeight  2             bezierpath.addLineToPointCGPointx frame.width  2, y frame.height 3             bezierpath.addLineToPointCGPointx frame.width, y frame.height  triangleHeight 4             bezierpath.addLineToPointCGPointx frame.width, y 0 5             let mask  CAShapeLayer             mask.frame  bounds             mask.path  bezierpath.CGPath             self.layer.mask  mask                     IBAction func toggle          isPoped  isPoped            func pop          UIView.animateWithDuration1, delay 0.5, usingSpringWithDamping 0.8, initialSpringVelocity 0.8, options nil, animations   gt Void in             self.frame  CGRectMakeself.frame.origin.x, self.orignalY, self.frame.width, self.orignalHeight               Bool gt Void in                      func unPop          UIView.animateWithDuration1, delay 0.5, usingSpringWithDamping 0.8, initialSpringVelocity 0.8, options nil, animations   gt Void in             self.frame  CGRectMakeself.frame.origin.x, self.orignalY, self.frame.width, self.triangleHeight               Bool gt Void in                codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to code a simple example where i can change reactive sources, not by mouse interaction but by changing into R code the value of that reactive source. p  pHere is a working example p  pui.R p  precode coming from 001helloworld example.... libraryshiny  shinyUIfluidPage    titlePanelHello Shiny,   sidebarLayout     sidebarPanel       sliderInputbins,                   Number of bins,                   min  1,                   max  50,                   value  30     ,     mainPanel       plotOutputdistPlot          codepre  pserver.R p  precodelibraryshiny  shinyServerfunctioninput, output     outputdistPlot lt renderPlot     x    lt faithful[, 2]   Old Faithful Geyser data     bins lt seqminx, maxx, length.out  inputbins  1     histx, breaks  bins, col  darkgray, border  white      codepre  pI want to be able to access and change bins in R code and make the graph react to that not using the mouse. p  pEDIT To clarify, the change in bins should be produced in R code in runtime once the shiny app is running. So, it is like replacing the mouse interaction with code in runtime interaction.p  pIs there a way to do it  I am mostly sure to miss some obvious point here... sorry . p  pThanks. p
Negative 110 pSuppose that my index have two documentsp  ol lifoo barli libar fooli ol  pWhen I do a regular match query for bar foo, both documents match correctly but they get equal relevance scores. However, I want the order of words to be significant during scoring. In other words, I want bar foo to have a higher score.p  pSo I tried putting my match query inside the must clause of a bool query and included a matchphrase with the same query string as the should clause. This seems to score hits correctly, until I do a search with bar test foo. In that case matchphrase query doesnt seem to match, and the hits are returned with equal scores again.p  pHow can I construct my indexquery so that it takes word order into account but does not require all searched words to exist in documentp
Negative 110 pwe have a codeDatapathcode from one CPU, such as following figure. if the next instruction address be in codePC Registercode, p  blockquote   blockquote     phow many codeclock cyclecode need to following codeword addcode instruction is fetched and executedp   blockquote blockquote  pMemory is 10bits and each instruction at least is 2words. all register is 10bits and has codeINC increment, CLR clear, LDloadcode instructions. codeAddrcode means direct addressing. instruction will work on 10bits wordp  precodeWadd src1, src2, dst codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comWeXVz.png altenter image description herep  pMy instructor solve it that its on 15 clock cycle. any hint or idea, how this will be calculatedp  pEditp  pMy try  but im not sure, my try is True or Falsep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHB7Wz.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pwe have a codeDatapathcode from one CPU, such as following figure. if the next instruction address be in codePC Registercode, p  blockquote   blockquote     phow many codeclock cyclecode need to following codeword addcode instruction is fetched and executedp   blockquote blockquote  pMemory is 10bits and each instruction at least is 2words. all register is 10bits and has codeINC increment, CLR clear, LDloadcode instructions. codeAddrcode means direct addressing. instruction will work on 10bits wordp  precodeWadd src1, src2, dst codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comWeXVz.png altenter image description herep  pMy instructor solve it that its on 15 clock cycle. any hint or idea, how this will be calculatedp  pEditp  pMy try  but im not sure, my try is True or Falsep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHB7Wz.png altenter image description herep
Negative 110 pI am trying to build a library. I have an Android library project and some resources under the coderescode directory that I want to access in the library projects code. The Android docs says p  blockquote   psource code in the library module can access its own resources through its R classp blockquote  pBut I just cant figure out how to do this. Because its a library and intended to be used from other applications, not run itself, I have no codeActivitycode, so I cant get a codeContextcode to use codegetResourcescode. How can I access these resources explicitly without a contextp
Negative 110 pI am working with asp.net mvc and wcf rest. i hosted rest service inside asp.net mvc. and config file looks like this p  precode ltsystem.serviceModelgt     ltserviceHostingEnvironment aspNetCompatibilityEnabledtruegt     ltstandardEndpointsgt       ltwebHttpEndpointgt         ltstandardEndpoint name helpEnabledtrue automaticFormatSelectionEnabledfalsegt       ltwebHttpEndpointgt       ltstandardEndpointsgt   ltsystem.serviceModelgt codepre  pand global.ascxp  precode   protected void ApplicationStart                      AreaRegistration.RegisterAllAreas             RouteTable.Routes.Addnew ServiceRouteRest, new WebServiceHostFactory, typeofRest             RegisterRoutesRouteTable.Routes          codepre  pmy asp.net web application can be accessed using http or https. but i want to use rest api only with https how can i disable http protocol for wcf rest api. i do not have .svc file.p
Negative 110 pI have the following working perfectly on a wordpress site.p  precodeltphp   global wpdb  results  wpdbgtgetresults SELECT posttitle FROM wpposts WHERE posttype  show AND poststatus  publish ORDER BY posttitle ASC  options  array foreach results as result  options[resultgtposttitle]   resultgtposttitle   echo ltselect classfield namedjshowgt foreach options as key gt value  echo ltoption valuekey .  GET[show]  value   selectedselected    . gtvalueltoptiongt  ltselectgt  gt codepre  pIt searches the database for every instance of emposttitleem from emwppostsem where the emposttypeem is strongshowstrong and the empoststatusem is strongpublicstrong. It then sorts it and outputs it to the array before populating a Select tag with a list of every emposttitleem that matches.p  pAt the moment it outputs the emposttitleem to both the option value and name fields....p  pWhat I would like to do is select another field emIDem in the original query to populate the option value while the emposttitleem populates the name.p  pSo the select would read something like this when rendered in html p  precodeltoption value15gtPost Title 1ltoptiongt ltoption value18gtPost Title 2ltoptiongt ltoption value23gtPost Title 3ltoptiongt etc... codepre  pI think the correct query I need to use is this but correct me if im wrongp  precoderesults  wpdbgtgetresults SELECT posttitle,ID FROM wpposts WHERE posttype  show AND poststatus  publish ORDER BY posttitle ASC  codepre  pBut thats where my limited knowledge lets me down...p  pHow would I assign the output of emIDem to the option value and emposttitleem to the name of the select tagp
Negative 110 pI have deployed successfully a Laravel website, although to modify the files over SMB share I had to modify the entire codevarwwwcode folder permissions to code777code.p  pCan that cause a security issue What should be correct permissionsp  pMany thanksp
Negative 110 pI am making some web pages that take a wizard format and i want to remember the previous page,so i am storing data in a cookie. The default codeigniter cookie codecisessioncode.p  pOnce i get the user input,i save it in a cookie and go to the next stepp  precodepostedidentifier  thisgtinputgtpostnewaccount     thisgtsessiongtsetuserdataidentity.rand, postedidentifier codepre  pIn the end,my cookie looks likep  precodea13s10sessionids326cb4cae70007f6e2b58ba147c57c7368s10ipaddresss70.0.0.0s10useragents72Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.3 WOW64 rv35.0 Gecko20100101 Firefox35.0s13lastactivityi1421961876s9userdatas0s8identitys7jjkjlkms13identity11027b0s13identity25967s3uios13identity25434s3789s13identity10013b0s13identity29325b0s12identity4963b0s13identity23334b059166fb25addef85e48447ae8dde7b9e  codepre  pand i tried thisp  precodejson   thisgtinputgtcookiecisession, TRUE vardumpjsondecodejson,TRUE codepre  pbut it gives me codenullcode. Isnt the cookie in json format and how can i read the values of names that are called codeidentitycode or at least contain codeidentitycode.p
Negative 110 pI try to create a twodimensional Array filled with Objects like thisp  precodeArray[5][1]  Objekt start from 5 amp 1 instead of 0 amp 0  Array[6][1]  Objekt     Array[7][1]  Objekt     Array[9][1]  Objekt skipped 8    Array[10][1]  Objekt   Array[2][2]  Objekt   Array[3][2]  Objekt   Array[4][2]  Objekt   Array[6][2]  Objekt skipped 5 Array[7][2]  Objekt  Array[3][3]  Objekt Array[4][3]  Objekt Array[5][3]  Objekt Array[6][3]  Objekt Array[8][3]  Objekt skipped 7 codepre  pMy problem is I dont can start from zero so I cant use the push function. Thats because Its a grid. The first index is the X, the 2nd the Y position of the grid cube. Three.jsp  pThats the objectp  precodevar grid  [        line 1     x5,z1,     x6,z1,     x7,z1,     x9,z1,     x10,z1,      line 2     x2,z2,     x3,z2,     x4,z2,     x6,z2,     x7,z2,      line 3     x3,z3,     x4,z3,     x5,z3,     x6,z3,     x8,z3,      ..  codepre  pBut how can I create a Array like the top example instead of an array like arr[0][0], arr[0][1], arr[0][2], arr[1][0], arr[1][1], ..  Is it even possible p
Negative 110 pim user query echo rating post asp  precodelta hreflinkgttitleltagtltdiv classratinggt4.5ltdivgt codepre  phow to change codeltdiv classratinggt4.5ltdivgtcode  to start image asp  p1.5  star 1.5p  p3  start 3..... by css or anythingp  pThanksp
Negative 110 pIm using codeartdarekoauth4laravelcode so the user can login via Facebook and post to their feed. Im able to login in via Facebook using the following bit of codep  precode get data from input     code  Inputget code        get fb service     fb  OAuthconsumer Facebook        check if code is valid       if code is provided get user data and sign in     if  empty code             token  fbgtrequestAccessToken code           SESSION[facebookaccesstoken]  tokengtgetAccessToken           Send a request with it         user  jsondecode fbgtrequest me , true  codepre  p... And everything works as expected. In the App I also have a share button, but when I try and share I get the following errorp  precodeerrortypeOAuthCommonHttpExceptionTokenResponseException,messageFailed to request resource.,filevarwwwhtmlmyAppvendorlusitanianoauthsrcOAuthCommonHttpClientStreamClient.php,line68 codepre  pHere is the code that Im using for postingp  precodeif  issetSESSION[facebookaccesstoken]            fb  OAuthconsumer Facebook            user  jsondecode fbgtrequest meaccesstokenSESSION[facebookaccesstoken] , true           postMessage  jsondecode fbgtrequest                               POST,                  mefeedaccesstokenSESSION[facebookaccesstoken],                 array                      message gt This is a test message                              ,          true           return postMessage      codepre  pI know that the codeSESSION[]code is set because I ran the commented out line first and it was returning what I expected. But the code for posting on the wall is giving me that error mentioned earlier.p  pPlease help.  Thanksp
Negative 110 pi want to make a image viewer, it can display image with rotate function, and zoom in and out with slider , but now i have no idea about rotate and zoom ,please helpxaml code p  precode        ltViewboxgt         ltImage SourceBinding JpgImageSourcegt         ltImagegt         ltViewboxgt     ltStackPanel Grid.Column1 Grid.Row0 Grid.RowSpan2 Width100gt         ltButton Contentopen Width80 Margin5 CommandBinding OpenJpgImgCmdgt         ltButton Contentleftrotate90 Width80 Margin5 CommandBinding LeftRotate90CmdgtltButtongt         ltButton Contentrightrotate90 Width80 CommandBindinggt         ltSlider OrientationVertical Height100 Margin5 HorizontalAlignmentCentergt codepre  pbehind code is as belowi have changed path to bitmapsource, now how to complement the rotate command and zoom commandp  precode            OpenFileDialog ofdimgnew OpenFileDialog             ofdimg.Filter  Image Files .jpg.jpep.jpg.jpeg.bmp.png.tif.gifAll Files ..             ofdimg.ShowDialog             string ImgPath  ofdimg.FileName             BitmapSource bm  new BitmapImagenew UriImgPath             JpgImageSource  bm codepre
Negative 110 pI want to arrange 5 buttons in a curve. Everytime middle button is the clickable. I should be able to swipe buttons along the arc. When I swipe, the next button should come to the middle and should be bigger than other buttons and it should be enable.p  pIs there any github example or sample code this kind of button arrangements Please help me. p  pThank youp
Negative 110 pAs you know, the Gradient of a function is the following vectorp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDUwU0.png altthe Gradientp  pand the Hessian is the following matrixp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com3LJoo.png altthe Hessianp  pNow, I wonder, is there any way to calculate these in R for a user defined function at a given pointp  pFirst, Ive found a package named a hrefhttpcran.rproject.orgpackagenumDeriv relnofollowcodenumDerivcodea, which seems to have the necessary functions codegradcode and codehessiancode but now I cant get the correct results... Thus, heres my workflowp  pLets say that we are given the function fx,y  x2  x3, and we need to calculate the Gradient and the Hessian at the point x1, y2.p  pThats been said, I define this function within Rp  precodedummy lt functionx,y    rez lt z2y3   rez  codepre  pand then use a hrefhttpartax.karlin.mff.cuni.czrhelplibrarynumDerivhtmlgrad.html relnofollowcodegradcodea the following wayp  precodegradfuncdummy, x1, y2 codepre  pwhich gives me result 16  and the problem is that this only the first value from a gradient vector, the correct version of which is p  precode[16, 12] codepre  pSame goes with the a hrefhttpartax.karlin.mff.cuni.czrhelplibrarynumDerivhtmlhessian.html relnofollowcodehessiancodeap  precodehessianfuncdummy, x1, y2 codepre  pwhich gives my 1x1 matrix with the value 16 instead of the 2x2 matrixp  precode     [,1] [,2] [1,]   16   24 [2,]   24   12 codepre  pSo, the question is what am I doing wrongp  pThank you.p
Negative 110 pJust simply as it sounds. I need to extend their functionality and I cannot. Why are they defined as finalp  pExamplep  precodeclass MyInteger extends Integer    codepre
Negative 110 pHere is my codep  precodepois.pen.lm.free.ipad.2  optL2dl.free  offsetgenre.ts.fitoffsetrank.ts.fitlogtopfreeipadapplications.Rank,              logtopfreeipadapplications.RankGenreCountryDayProduct.Type.Identifier,              dataapp.data[is.naapp.datatopfreeipadapplications.Rankampapp.datadl.paid0,],              foldapp.data[is.naapp.datatopfreeipadapplications.Rankampapp.datadl.paid0,]fold,              modelpoisson,minlambda.001 codepre  pAnd heres the outputp  precodelambda Inf     cvl 131102.5  lambda 0.001   cvl Inf  lambda 0.01    cvl Inf  lambda 0.1     cvl Inf  lambda 1       cvl Inf  lambda 10      cvl Inf  lambda 100     cvl Inf  lambda 1000    cvl Inf  lambda 10000   cvl 16897.22  lambda 1e05   cvl 42225.87  lambda 38814.64        cvl 29037.78  lambda 62185.36        cvl 34903.69  lambda 24370.73        cvl 24136.55  lambda 15443.91        cvl 20080.61  lambda 9926.824        cvl 16849.08  lambda 6517.081        cvl 14392.42  lambda 4409.744        cvl 12608.02  lambda 3107.337        cvl 11360.29  lambda 2302.406        cvl 10511.45  lambda 1804.931        cvl 9944.682  lambda 1497.475        cvl 9571.742  lambda 1307.456        cvl 9329.676  lambda 1190.018        cvl 9174.551  lambda 1117.438        cvl 9076.213  lambda 1072.581        cvl 9014.391  lambda 1044.857        cvl 8975.756  lambda 1027.723        cvl 8951.707  lambda 1017.134        cvl 8936.777  lambda 1010.589        cvl 8927.524  lambda 1006.545        cvl 8921.795  lambda 1004.045        cvl 8918.25  lambda 1002.5  cvl 8916.058  lambda 1001.545        cvl 8914.703  lambda 1000.955        cvl 8913.865  lambda 1000.59         cvl 8913.347  lambda 1000.365        cvl 8913.027  lambda 1000.225        cvl 8912.829 codepre  pYou can see the optimal lambda is below 1000, but it stops at 1000 because it thinks the cvl is inf at 1000.  This doesnt make any sense.  Its particularly confusing because the cvl all of a sudden become normal immediately after 1000.p  pHere is some reproducible codep  precodefake.datadata.frameidrepca,b,c,each100,meansrepc.5,10,1,each100,pricernorm300,2,.2,nonsense1rnorm300,nonsense2rnorm300,nonsense3rnorm300,10,10 fake.datanonsense4fake.datanonsense1fake.datanonsense2 fake.datanonsense5repfactor130,10 fake.datasalesrpois300,fake.datameansexp.5fake.dataprice  poisoptL2salesidpricenonsense1nonsense2nonsense3nonsense4nonsense5,datafake.data,modelpoisson,fold5 codepre  pNow this code doesnt give Inf at the optimal solution like it did in the example, but it does give Inf when it shouldnt.  p
Negative 110 pI was writing a Vector class in the maths sense, not in the codestdvectorcode sense when I got thinking about the probability of the class methods being inlined, depending on how the function is defined.p  pI am interested in the following casesp  pstrongCase 1strong, the function body is defined at the place of declaration in the header file. e.g.p  precode Vector.h class Vector  public      Other stuff up here      float Magnitudevoid const              return sqrtXX  YY            Other stuff down here  codepre  pstrongCase 2strong, the function body is defined in the header file after the initial class definition. e.g.p  precode Vector.h class Vector  public      Other stuff up here      float Magnitudevoid const       Other stuff down here    Other stuff up here  float VectorMagnitudevoid const      return sqrtXX  YY    Other stuff down here codepre  pstrongCase 3strong, the function body is provided in a corresponding code.cppcode file, leaving the declaration and definition separate. e.g.p  precode Vector.h class Vector  public      Other stuff up here      float Magnitudevoid const       Other stuff down here   Vector.cpp include Vector.h   Other stuff up here  float VectorMagnitudevoid const      return sqrtXX  YY    Other stuff down here codepre  pstrongCase 4strong, the function definition is provided in a corresponding code.libcode file provided as compiler input.p  pstrongCase 5strong, the function definition is provided in a corresponding code.dllcodefile linked.p  pIn each of these 5 cases, what is the probability of the function being inlined I dont mean an exact probability, I mean in comparison to each other, which are more likely to be inlined and which are less likelyp  pOther Informationp  pI am purposely ignoring the codeinlinecode keyword to simplify the question so it is not too broad. I am aware that there are many other questions that tackle inlining but I could not find enough information about each case to tackle this question in particular. Also, I am aware libraries already exist with vector classes premade, thats not the point of the exercise.p
Negative 110 ptrying to add condition inside grid view but its give me an error that cannot simplicity convert type object to bool I want if the vflag  c then return vamount else return 0 and this my html but not working p  precode          ltaspTemplateField HeaderTextcreditgt             ltItemTemplategt                 ltaspLabel IDvamount runatserver Textlt Evalvflag  c   Evalvamount 0.00   gtgtltaspLabelgt             ltItemTemplategt         ltaspTemplateFieldgt codepre
Negative 110 pGetting below exception while executing stored procedure in java . Connections configuration is taken from weblogic serverp  precodeweblogic.rmi.extensions.RemoteRuntimeException Unexpected Exception         at weblogic.jdbc.rmi.internal.CallableStatementImplweblogicjdbcwrapperCallableStatementoraclejdbcdriverOracleCallableStatementWrapper1036WLStub.executeQueryUnknown Source         at weblogic.jdbc.rmi.internal.CallableStatementStubweblogicjdbcrmiinternalCallableStatementImplweblogicjdbcwrapperCallableStatementoraclejdbcdriverOracleCallableStatementWrapper1036WLStub.executeQueryUnknown Source         at weblogic.jdbc.rmi.SerialCallableStatementweblogicjdbcrmiinternalCallableStatementStubweblogicjdbcrmiinternalCallableStatementImplweblogicjdbcwrapperCallableStatementoraclejdbcdriverOracleCallableStatementWrapper1036WLStub.executeQueryUnknown Source          at weblogic.rjvm.t3.MuxableSocketT3.endOfStreamMuxableSocketT3.java345         at weblogic.socket.SocketMuxer.deliverExceptionAndCleanupSocketMuxer.java827         at weblogic.socket.SocketMuxer.deliverEndOfStreamSocketMuxer.java761         at weblogic.socket.SocketMuxer.readReadySocketOnceSocketMuxer.java958         at weblogic.socket.SocketMuxer.readReadySocketSocketMuxer.java889         at weblogic.socket.JavaSocketMuxer.processSocketsJavaSocketMuxer.java339         at weblogic.socket.SocketReaderRequest.runSocketReaderRequest.java29         at weblogic.work.ExecuteRequestAdapter.executeExecuteRequestAdapter.java21         at weblogic.kernel.ExecuteThread.executeExecuteThread.java145         at weblogic.kernel.ExecuteThread.runExecuteThread.java117 codepre
Negative 110 pI want to join 3 views in sql. Here is my code p  precodeselect v1.grantee, v1.privilege, grantedrole, v3.privilege, tablename  from dbasysprivs v1, dbaroleprivs v2 , dbatabprivs v3  where v1.granteev2.grantee and v1.granteev3.grantee and v1.granteeUSER1 codepre  pMy problem is when dbatabprivs or dbaroleprivs do not contain any row which the grantee is user1 the result will be 0 rows, so what i need is to show the result with empty space in grantedrole and v3.privilege and tablename columns in that case. I also tried this code p  precodeselect utilisateur, Sysprivs, Role, Objprivs, tablename from select grantee as utilisateur, privilege as Sysprivs from dbasysprivs where granteeUSER1, select grantedrole as Role from dbaroleprivs where granteeUSER1, select privilege as Objprivs, tablename from dbatabprivs where granteeUSER1 codepre  pbut unfortunately the result is zero rows too.p
Negative 110 pI need to define some permissions and groups that are used in the models and the views. I know how to do it with permissions define them in the Meta of some models, but it is not clear to me how to do it with groups. Maybe the right thing to do is not to use the groups provided in Djangos Auth, but to create some new models to handle these constant groups.p  pI also tried to create these groups as initial data a hrefhttpsdocs.djangoproject.comen1.7howtoinitialdata relnofollowhttpsdocs.djangoproject.comen1.7howtoinitialdataa, but this solution does not seem very clean to me.p
Negative 110 pI have 2 tables in my container. One of it will stick to the bottom of the container and the other will fill the remaining height of the parent p  pStylep  precode    .page              width 21cm         minheight 29.7cm         padding 0.5cm         margin 1cm auto         background white         boxshadow 0 0 5px rgba0, 0, 0, 0.1         position relative       ltdiv classpagegt     lttable classtable1 styleheight 100gt         lttrgtSupposed to fill remaining spacelttrgt     lttablegt     ltdiv styleposition absolute bottom 0gt         lttable classtable2gt              lttrgtFloats to the bottomlttrgt         lttablegt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pWhat I want is for table1 to take up the remaining space left but it isnt filling up the space at all.p
Negative 110 pI have two git repos. One of them has been copied in the past from another. The copy was created by copying sources and then commiting in one commit. Additionaly sources has been moved to sources directory. Now I need to merge second repo back to the first one. In fact I need to merge sources subdirectory of second one to  of the first one preserving history. p  pHow can achieve that in gitp
Negative 110 pIm trying to update my view for every second based on my server response. Im working with real time data display application. I need to send request to server for every second and get the response and display into my view. Currently im using jquery and ajax for request and response. p  pJust now im trying to use angularjs and used bellow code to get response from server,p  precodeuse strict  angular.moduleliverate, [dataServices]  angular.moduledataServices, []. serviceData, [http, function http      var myDate  new Date     var rates        var urlBase  BASEURLapiapirate.phpnocache  myDate.getUTCSeconds       this.getRates  function           http               method GET,               url urlBase,               headers ContentType applicationxwwwformurlencoded,               success functiondata                    console.logdata                    rates  data               ,               error  functionstatusCode,error                    console.logerror                                     return rates       ]  function LiverateControllerscope, timeout, Data      scope.data  []     var rates       function tick          scope.data  Data.getRatesfunction             timeouttick, 1000                    And also tried bellow method      scope.callAtTimeout  function          console.logData.getRates           timeout function scope.callAtTimeout , 1000   codepre  pBut this didnt work for me. Just it call single time.How i need to use this. Please any one help me.p
Negative 110 pHere is my code to access my web service in through android device locally.p  precode    RestTemplate restTemplate  new RestTemplate     restTemplate.getMessageConverters.addnew StringHttpMessageConverter     restTemplate.getMessageConverters.addnew FormHttpMessageConverter     try         MultiValueMapltString, Stringgt mvm  new LinkedMultiValueMapltgt         mvm.addjusername, admin         mvm.addjpassword, 1234  and some more paramters         String myResult  restTemplate.postForObjecthttps192.168.0.1018443restjspringsecuritycheck, mvm, String.class         Log.eMyResult,myResult         return true     catchException ex         Log.eLoginErr,ex.getMessage         return false      codepre  pThe error is    p  blockquote   pjava.security.cert.CertPathValidatorException Trust anchor for   certification path not found. nested exception is   javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException   java.security.cert.CertPathValidatorException Trust anchor for   certification path not found.p blockquote
Negative 110 pI am trying out sentiment analysis using R. My code is as below.  I am trying to extract the positive and negative words to create word clouds. hence I am trying to get the list of positive and negative words in the input file. p  precodelibrarytm librarywordcloud libraryplyr librarysentiment requirestringr pos.wordsscanpositivewords.txt,whatcharacter,comment.char neg.wordsscannegativewords.txt,whatcharacter,comment.char  data lt readLinesinput.txt   clean the input      split into words. strsplit is in the stringr package  word.list  strsplitcleaned, s   sometimes a list is one level of hierarchy too much  words  unlistword.list    compare our words to the dictionaries of positive amp negative terms  pos.matches  matchwords, pos.words  neg.matches  matchwords, neg.words   match returns the position of the matched term or NA   we just want a TRUEFALSE  pos.matches  is.napos.matches  neg.matches  is.naneg.matches codepre  pthis is the for loop I am trying to implement to extract negative words. But I just get one word from the list. p  precodefor w in neg.matches   ifis.naw     negit lt neg.words[w] codepre  pIs there a better way to do this  p
Negative 110 pIn using Goendpoints in google appengine, when i try to fetch the user from current context i get No token in the current context error.p  precodevar      scopes     []stringendpoints.EmailScope     clientIds  []stringclientId, endpoints.APIExplorerClientID     audiences  []stringclientId   type FlightAppApi struct       func  flightApi FlightAppApi  RegisterNewUser  r http.Request, req UserReq, resp User  error      c  endpoints.NewContext r      u, err  getCurrentUser c      if err  nil          newUserKey  datastore.NewKey c, User, u.ID, 0, nil          newUser  ampUser UserName req.UserName, EmailId u.Email          , err  datastore.Put c, newUserKey, newUser          return err              return err   func getCurrentUserc endpoints.Context user.User, error       u, err  endpoints.CurrentUserc, scopes, audiences, clientIds      if err  nil           return nil, err            if u  nil           return nil, errors.NewUnauthorized Please, sign in.          c.DebugfCurrent user v, u     return u, nil   codepre  pIn the getCurrentUser in endpoints.CurrentUser it gives No token in the current context error. What could be the problem p
Negative 110 pMy multiword strings arent being interpreted correctly in the DOM. How can I ensure JSON integrity from server to HTML with multiword stringsp  pIn the Rails controller, I store a JSON object in a variable. That object is correctly formatted when I check in the server logs. That variable is then passed to a data attribute in the view via erb. However, the generated HTML is incorrect.p  precode in the controller hash  subhash gt single gt word, double gt two words  .tojson puts hash.inspect   output in the server log gt subhashsingleword,doubletwo words   view.html.erb ltsection datahashlt hash gt gtltsectiongt   generated html, double value is incorrect ltsection datahashsubhashsingleword,doubletwo wordsampquotgt   complete data value is not obtainable in the console gt section.data.hash lt subhashsingleword,doubletwo codepre  pstrongUpdatestrongp  precode adding htmlsafe does not help subhash gt single gt word, double gt two words  .tojson.htmlsafe   results in subhashsingleword,doubletwo words codepre
Negative 110 pHello I have some less code and Im trying to leverage less to get the following p  pWhat Im expecting p  precodemedia only screen    testphone      display block     backgroundcolor blue     codepre  pMy codep  precodetestPhone    .testPhone     amp        display block       backgroundcolor blue           .testPhone rules    .startQuery   .screenOnly myQuery    .create newQuery rules    .create newQuery rules    newQuery      rules      .screenOnly myQuery    newQuery myQuery only screen   .startQuery   myQuery media  codepre  pWhat Im gettingp  precodetestPhone media only screen    display block   backgroundcolor blue  codepre  pWhat I think is going wrong In the code.createcode mixin when I call codenewQuerycode to interpolate codenewQuerycode variable, it isnt removing the string off of that variable.p
Negative 110 pI have trouble with put time output to file.  When I use on linux console time program  file I get output no information from program time.p  pI need 3 digit time output, looks like on consolep
Negative 110 pI am trying to send a simple status update tweet using linq to twitter. I can connect ok but when I send a tweet I get a return status of faulted using the following code.p  precodepublic async Task Tweetstring text      var auth  GetCredentials     await auth.AuthorizeAsync      var ctx  new TwitterContextauth      var tweet  ctx.TweetAsynctext      if tweet  null         Console.WriteLinetweet.Status  codepre  pMy GetCredentials method is as followsp  precodeprivate static SingleUserAuthorizer GetCredentials      return new SingleUserAuthorizer              CredentialStore  new SingleUserInMemoryCredentialStore                      ConsumerKey  ,             ConsumerSecret  ,             AccessToken  ,             AccessTokenSecret  ,                codepre  pTo confirm I have created an app in twitter. The credentials are correct or at least copied and pasted from twitter and I have full permissions to post messages to the account in question.p
Negative 110 pI have been trying to use an arrayAdapter outside of my main activity in a class called Client. I realize that the constructor for the arrayAdapter is ArrayAdaptercontext, layoutid, textviewid, items so I have passed in the context from the mainActivity into the constructor for my Client class. For the layoutid I understand that it has to be a textView id so I passed an arbitrary textview from the mainActivity into the ArrayAdapter constructor then tried to update the UI via a handler like thisp  precodeadapter  new ArrayAdapterltStringgtcontext, textView.getId, clients mHandler.postnew Runnable      Override     public void run           listView.setAdapteradapter         adapter.notifyDataSetChanged       codepre  pI receive the following error most likely how I have passed the textView Id. p  precode 13401340package EAndroidRuntime FATAL EXCEPTION main android.content.res.ResourcesNotFoundException Resource ID 0x7f080040 type 0x12 is not valid codepre  pI know if I were to do this from an Activity I could just pass it in like thisp  precodeadapter  new ArrayAdapterltgtthis, android.R.layout.simplelistitem1, fileNames     listView.setAdapteradapter codepre  pBut How do I do this outside of an codeActivitycodep  pEDIT Extra Info I have my textView inside my activitymain like this p  precode ltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin toolscontext.MainActivitygt    ltListView     androidididlistview     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightfillparent     androiddivider000000     androiddividerHeight5dp     androidpaddingLeft1dp     gt  ltTextView     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheight80dp     androidtextNew Text     androidididtextView     androidlayoutalignTopidlistview     androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue     androidlayoutalignParentStarttrue gt codepre  p I get the textView within my MainActivity.java like thisp  precode TextView tv  TextView findViewByIdR.id.textView codepre  pThen pass it into my client class like thisp  precode cThread  new Clientip, port, context, activity, mHandler, listView, tv codepre
Negative 110 pIm unable to start firefox browser with jenkins user. Im getting following error message on starting firefox from command line.p  precodejenkinsquickrrdesktopusrlibfirefox firefox process22172 GLibCRITICAL  gslicesetconfig assertion  syspagesize  0 failed No protocol specified No protocol specified Error cannot open display 0 codepre  pFirefox version  35.0.1 Ubuntu 14.04p
Negative 110 pI am using Dhtmlx Gantt to make the Gantt chart in my project. IN the tasks table I have the usual autoincremental Id. Whenever I save a task it gets the Id automatically, this id is not the same as the source Id that is provided by the gantt chart plugin. The problem is when I try to create a link between a task and another task that is created on the flywithout refreshing the page, because the targetId of the Link object comes same as the SourceId and not the actual Id of the task in my table in db. Anyone have an Idea how to fix thisp  pThanx in advancep
Negative 110 pI have a problem with this piece of code and im pretty sure the solution is quite easy, but i dont see it.p  precodeCASE L0 WHEN  THEN NULL ELSE L0 END codepre  pIt is part of code i use to import data out of a flat file csv, where NULL is stored as . The problem is that L0 can also be an input variable filled by another programm and it is possible that it might be NULL. Due to that its not allowed to use a NULL value as expression in a CASE, the code doesnt work and i get an error message.p  pCan somebody tell me how to do it the right wayp
Negative 110 pIm writing code to play a .wav file. All works in my IDE eclipse but when I try to export in a jar file, the sound doesnt play It seems to me a path problem.p  pHere the code to play only relevant parts.p  precodeFile audioFile  new FileaudioFilePath AudioInputStream audioStream  AudioSystem.getAudioInputStreamaudioFile codepre  pHere some solutions that Ive tried one for linep  precodeaudioFilePathSoundGame.class.getClassLoader.getResource.toURI.toStringmySourceRelativePath audioFilePathSoundGame.class.getProtectionDomain.getCodeSource.getLocation.getPathmySourceRelativePath audioFilePathSystem.getPropertyuser.dirmySourceRelativePath audioFilePaththis.getClass.getClassLoader.getResourcemySourcePath codepre  pWhen I try to use this same code one of these lines to upload images all works, even in my jar file but not with the sound.  Please, I cant understand how to change the path. Hope in help. p
Negative 110 pIm trying to implement a communication system with an automatic repeat request strategy. I use three classes Transmitter, Channel, Receiver. I have a maximum number of byte for message window. But when I receive the byte sent, sometimes I receive less bytes than window. Why My code is thisp  pTransmitterp  precodeint n  0 int remaining, length while nltchannelBytes.length       remaining  channelBytes.lengthn      length  remainingltwindow remaining  window      outputStream.writechannelBytes,n,length       wait for the ack      byte[] b  new byte[4]      channel.socket.setSoTimeout2000      inputStream.readb      n  ByteBuffer.wrapb.getInt  codepre  pChannelp  precodebytes  new byte[SystemModel.WINDOW] whiletrue       receive from Tx     upInputStream.readbytes      insert channel error     insertErrorbytes     Thread.sleeppropagationDelay  transmissionDelay      send bytes to Rx     downOutputStream.writebytes      wait for the ack from Rx     clientChannelDown.socket.setSoTimeout2000     byte[] ack  new byte[4]     downInputStream.readack      send ack to Tx     upOutputStream.writeByteBuffer.allocate4.putack.array  codepre  pReceiverp  precodebyte[] b  new byte[SystemModel.WINDOW] while true      try          int received  inputStream.readb         channelCoding.decodePartiallyb                                             catch SocketTimeoutException te           break      catch IOException e          e.printStackTrace      catch DataFormatException e           send ack         int ack  Integer.parseInte.getMessage         try              outputStream.writeByteBuffer.allocate4.putIntack.array          catch IOException e1              e1.printStackTrace                codepre  pIn the Receiver, the array of bytes b is not always the length of the window.p
Negative 110 pIve been trawling SO questions for an answer to something that should be very simple but for the life of me I cannot figure it out.p  pBasically I have a meteorautoform with two select controlsp  precodelttemplate nameprocessFormTemplategt     autoForm idprocessForm collectionProcesses typeformAction docdoc validationblur         ltdiv classcolmd12gt             gt afQuickField nameelementId optionselements             gt afQuickField namecategoryId optionscategories             gt afQuickField nametitle             gt afQuickField namedesc rows4         ltdivgt         gtformButtons     autoForm lttemplategt codepre  pThese then have helpers to populate the optionsp  precodeTemplate.processFormTemplate.helpers   elements function      return getFormElements   ,   categories functionelementId      return getFormCategoriesthis.doc.elementId     codepre  plibmethods.jsp  precode getFormElements  function           var options  []      Elements.find, sort ref1.forEachfunction element                      options.push                         label element.title, value element.id                                            return options    getFormCategories  functionelementId       var options  []     var filter        if isBlankelementId          filter.elementId  elementId           Categories.findfilter, sort ref1.forEachfunction d                      options.push                         label d.title, value d.id                                            return options   codepre  pNow I know this isnt working because the helper isnt reactive, however I dont know how to change this behaviour. Ive also tried hooking into the change event but this never fires for some reasonp  precodeTemplate.processFormTemplate.events  change elementId functione    console.log[nameelementId].val   is now selected   codepre  pThe required behaviour is that when a new elementId is selected in the first  list, the list of options in the second  should be refreshed based on the selected elementId.p  pAny help much appreciated.p  pThanks, Davidp
Negative 110 pI am going to build a small application and like to use SQL Server LocalDB, but Im confused about some pointsp  pWhen I start my instance and shared it in main PC and connecting to my database, does anyone on my local network can see this instancep  ul liif yes, so he can connect to itli lipif yes, what is if I closed my application, does the instance still run until he going to end workpli lipif no way to solve this waypli ul  pI think to work LocalDB instance until face case to work multiple user in network to switch this database from LocalDB to normal Express edition and work with it as normal.p  pSo can I use the code.mdf, .ldfcode files of LocalDB in SQL Server Express edition any time p
Negative 110 pIm using the Kendo UI for ASP.NET MVC and need to bind the selected value of a dropdown list to another dropdownlist.  I want the user to only be shown the citiy entries that are applicable to the State selection they choose.    My dropdownlist is as followsp  precodeltdiv idbindcity classinrdiv databindvisible showFromChooseCitygt   lth5 classinrhdgtCityltspangtltspangtlth5gt   Html.Kendo.DropDownList     .NamefromCity     .DataTextFieldname     .DataValueFieldid     .DataSourcesource gt            source.Readread gt                read.ActionGetCity, Quote              .ServerFilteringtrue          .SelectedIndex0    codepre  pI setup several controller classes as followsp  precode    public JsonResult GetZips              FreightEntities freight  new FreightEntities         var zips  freight.ZipCodes.AsQueryable         var city  freight.ZipCodes.AsQueryable         if city  null                      zips  zips.Wherez gt z.Zip  zips                  return Jsonfreight.ZipCodes.Selectz gt new Zip  z.Zip, JsonRequestBehavior.AllowGet           public JsonResult GetCity              FreightEntities freight  new FreightEntities         var state  freight.ZipCodes.AsQueryable         var city  freight.ZipCodes.AsQueryable         if state  null                      city  city.Wheres gt s.State  state                  return Jsonfreight.ZipCodes.Selects gt new  State  s.State , JsonRequestBehavior.AllowGet            public JsonResult GetState              FreightEntities freight  new FreightEntities         return Jsonfreight.ZipCodes.Selects gt new State  s.State , JsonRequestBehavior.AllowGet      codepre  pThe above code now gives the errorp  precodeCannot implicitly convert type System.Linq.IQueryableltFRCV2.Models.ZipCodegt to string codepre  pSince Im not using an ID field in my entities, whats the appropriate way of comparing the fields above How do I achieve this cascading dropdownlist effect  p
Negative 110 pI am trying to wrap a daterangepicker plugin into an angular directive. Although I managed to make it work by alerting the selected dates in the callback function, I cannot seem to either save the selected dates to the scope or update the ngmodel. I added a comment  CALLBACK of daterangepicker so that anyone seeing this can locate it easily in the code below. I hope someone with more experience can shed some light on how this can be achieved.p  pstrongHTML calling the directivestrongp  precodeltinput iddaterangepicker classformcontrol typetext  codepre  pngmodeldate timerecorderdaterangepicker p  pstrongAngular directivestrongp  precodemodule.directivetimeRecorderDateRangePicker, function      return          restrict A,         require ngModel,         link functionscope, element, attrs, ngModelCtrl              element.daterangepicker                 startDate moment.utc.subtract7, days,                 endDate moment.utc,                 minDate 01012014,                 maxDate moment.utc,                 dateLimit                      days 365                 ,                 showDropdowns false,                 showWeekNumbers true,                 timePicker false,                 ranges                      Today [moment.utc, moment.utc],                     Yesterday [moment.utc.subtract1, days, moment.utc.subtract1, days],                     Last 7 Days [moment.utc.subtract6, days, moment.utc],                     Last 30 Days [moment.utc.subtract29, days, moment.utc],                     This Month [moment.utc.startOfmonth, moment.utc.endOfmonth],                     Last Month [moment.utc.subtract1, month.startOfmonth, moment.utc.subtract1, month.endOfmonth]                 ,                 opens right,                 format MMMM D, YYYY,                 separator  to ,                 buttonClasses [btn btndefault],                 locale                      applyLabel Apply,                     cancelLabel Cancel,                     fromLabel From,                     toLabel To,                     customRangeLabel Custom,                     daysOfWeek [Su, Mo, Tu, We, Th, Fr, Sa],                     monthNames [January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December],                     firstDay 1                              , functionstart, end, label                   CALLBACK of daterangepicker                 alertCallback             .prev.onclick, function   makes calendar icon click work                 this.next.focus                             codepre
Negative 110 pIm attempting to concatenate three fields in BigSQL. I can successfully concatenate two fields withp  precodeSELECT CONCATcolumn1, column2 FROM table codepre  pbut I am unable to concatenate three fields with that only accepts two arguments. I have attempted a nested concatenation viap  precodeSELECT CONCATCONCATcolumn1, column2, column3 FROM table codepre  pBut this returns a codeNullcode value. Im attempting to create a view but this part of the select statement isnt working. All three columns are codevarcharcode so Im not sure where the issue is, unless I literally am just not allowed to do nested concatenations. p
Negative 110 pOkay, so I have a stream that is receiving an array at a fast speed constantly. Heres what I want to do... p  pIf the array is the same, dont do anything. If it is different, make a new array with nil as every value except the changed ones. p  pExample p  pIncoming array 1 [1,1,1,1]p  pIncoming array 2 [1,1,2,1]p  pI want to create [nil, nil, 2, nil]. Only marking the changes. p  pI made something that worked, I just dont think its efficient. Is it the best way to do it p  precodevar storedArray  [Int]count 10, repeatedValue 0 array for comparing  func incomingArraydata [Int]      if data  storedArray return do nothing if its the same     var tempArray  [Int]count 10, repeatedValue nil nil array     for index in 0...9          if storedArray[index]  data[index]              tempArray[index]  data[index] replace the temp array index                                          send the completed tempArray to do work  ....      storedArray  incomingArray save the stored as the current data      codepre  pSo the above code works. Its just not efficient. Any better ideas for this p  pthanksp  pUPDATE 1 I have mistaken in the original post. Instead of Int. They are UInt8. p
Negative 110 pHi guys hope anyone could help me with this., Currently Im doing some studies on javasipting and this thing just gave me a load of headache. below is my code The htmlp  precodeltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcolsm10 colsmoffset1gt     lth6 classinfotext textdangergt  errorsgtfirstregisterscanning  lth6gt     ltdiv classcolsm3gt         ltdiv classchoice datatoggleradioscanning idradioscanning0gt              Formradioregisterscanning, 08001200              ltdiv classicongt                 lti classfa fapencilgtltigt             ltdivgt             lth7gtLive Scanning 08001200lth7gt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classcolsm3gt         ltdiv classchoice datatoggleradioscanning idradioscanning1gt              Formradioregisterscanning, 13001700              ltdiv classicongt                 lti classfa faterminalgtltigt             ltdivgt             lth7gtLive Scanning 13001700lth7gt         ltdivgt      ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pp  pok so this on here is the html with of course some laravel blade code thingy. here is the javascriptp  precode[datatoggleradioscanning].clickfunctionevent     wizard  this.closest.wizardcard     wizard.find[datatoggleradioscanning].removeClassactive     this.addClassactive     wizard.find[nameregisterscanning].removeAttrchecked     this.find[nameregisterscanning].attrchecked,true   [datatoggleradiocadaver].clickfunctionevent     wizard  this.closest.wizardcard     wizard.find[datatoggleradiocadaver].removeClassactive     this.addClassactive     wizard.find[nameregistercadaver].removeAttrchecked     this.find[nameregistercadaver].attrchecked,true   radioscanning0.clickfunction       radiocadaver0.hidefast     radiocadaver1.hidefast      radiocadaver2.showfast     radiocadaver3.showfast  radioscanning1.clickfunction       radiocadaver0.showfast     radiocadaver1.showfast      radiocadaver2.hidefast     radiocadaver3.hidefast   codepre  pThis one was placed inside a document.ready now for the explanation The script is to select the radio button and give it a value of check because Ive created my radio buttons to look like this img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comd2Ney.png altradio buttonp  pSo i was able to click on the radio button and highlight them but when I submit the form it will return an error saying that I need to select an option fron the radio buttons., meaning that the radio buttons are not checked., this only happens when Im on firefox. the things is that it is working well in chrome and opera just firefox and IE. did i do it in a wrong way javascript I mean., Am i doing it wrong or did I miss somethingp  pThank you for the time and effort of those of you who will take notice of my question.p
Negative 110 pHow to plot such figure in Matlab img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comKcS9z.png altenter image description herep  pThe problem is that i have only one equation and 3 variables. p
Negative 110 pAfter a long time to search a solution, I have to ask your precious help. I work on a program which implement ls unix command in C. Id have only name of the file and his size. I looked that Ive to use stat and dirent. I found a solution in Stackoverflow but didnt work perfectly for me. So I can show the names of the file into the directory but not their size.  When I use gcc, whether it shows 0 octet while it isnt empty or p  blockquote   perror format s expects argument of type char , but argument 3   has type offt [Werrorformat]   printfs  s, dpdname,   sstsizep blockquote  pp  pMy test code not clean p  precodeinclude ltstdlib.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include ltunistd.hgt include ltsystypes.hgt include ltsysstat.hgt include ltdirent.hgt include ltfcntl.hgt include lterrno.hgt include ltpoll.hgt  struct stat statbuf struct dirent dp struct stat s  int main   DIR dirp dirp  opendirtmpgestrep  whiledp  readdirdirp NULL       statdpgtdname, ampstatbuf     printfs  s, dpgtdname, sgtstsize    codepre  pIn fact, I dont know how to solve the format type problem. I saw I could use ftellfseek but I dont have the right to use FILE functions.p  pThank you for all solutions p
Negative 110 pI know that Bluetooth debugging in android wear allows us to install apps in phone whose android wear companion gets installed in the watch via bluetooth. But I want to install normal android apps without any wear component to android wear. I know how to do this via usb, but is there a way to do this using bluetooth I tried connecting the PC and the watch via bluetooth but cant get the adb to list the watch.p
Negative 110 pTrying to use AngularFire for a simple Angular polling test app to store basic objects. Ive tried injecting firebase which logs an error advising me this is deprecated in favor of firebaseObject and fireBaseArray. Injecting either of these results in same issue unchanging. p  pIve searched around, but most posts Ive found refer to bower.json syntax errors or something specific to JShint.  It does not appear to be either of these for me.p  pError messagep  precodeReferenceError Firebase is not defined codepre  pPoints to line with...p  precodenew Firebase... codepre  pHeres my app codep  precodeangular.moduleangPoll, [ui.router, firebase]. config.... controllerpollsController, functionscope, pollsData      scope.pollsList  pollsData.getPolls . servicepollsData, functionfirebaseObject     console.logfirebaseObject lt [verified here that the injection works]     var fireRef  new Firebasehttpsltmyrefurlgt.firebaseiodemo.com     var pollsRef, polls     pollsRef  firebaseObjectfireRef.childpolls.asArray      this.clearPolls  clearPolls     this.setInitialPolls  setInitialPolls     this.getPolls  getPolls     myDataRef.set      function clearPolls          pollsRef.set           function getPolls          pollsRef.onvalue, functionsnapshot             console.logsnapshot.val             polls  snapshot.val             return polls                    function setInitialPolls          pollsRef.set             one                  name fantastic poll             ,             two                  name mediocre poll                                 setInitialPolls  codepre  pMy research on this issue alreadyp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions25021003firebaseangularfireerrormodulefirebaseisnotavailableFirebase, AngularFire Error Module firebase is not availablea lt not my issue, as Ive verified with a console.log that firebaseObject is being properly injected into the servicep  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions25021640angularfirefirebaseisnotdefinedAngularfire 39Firebase39 is not defineda lt Firebase being defined does not appear to rely on this, especially since this is a method call  Im attempting to initialize the refp  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comfirebaseangularfireissues362 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comfirebaseangularfireissues362a lt for some reason they closed this GH issue attributing it solely to a bower.json syntax error, which Im pretty sure is not the case for mep  pIve also seen posts about this breaking for JShint but not in the app itself. My issue is int he functionality of the app itself.p  pMy bower.json in case that ends up matteringp  precode   name MyPoll,   version 0.0.0,   authors [     thedig   ],   license MIT,   private true,   ignore [     .,     nodemodules,     bowercomponents,     test,     tests   ],   dependencies      angular 1.3.14,     angularuirouter 0.2.13,     angularlocalstorage 0.1.5,     bootstrap 3.3.2,     restangular 1.4.0,     angularfire 1.0.0     codepre  pAngularfire included in index.htmp  precodeltheadgt    ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss href..bowercomponentsbootstrapdistcssbootstrap.min.cssgt   ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefstyle.cssgt   ltscript typetextjavascript src..bowercomponentsangularangular.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscript typetextjavascript src..bowercomponentsangularuirouterreleaseangularuirouter.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscript typetextjavascript src..bowercomponentsangularlocalstoragedistangularlocalstorage.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscript typetextjavascript src..bowercomponentsrestangulardistrestangular.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscript typetextjavascript src..bowercomponentslodashdistlodash.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscript typetextjavascript src..bowercomponentsangularfiredistangularfire.jsgtltscriptgt    ltscript typetextjavascript srcMyPoll.jsgtltscriptgt   ltheadgt codepre
Negative 110 pIs there any way I could customize the Add new post page in the Wordpress Admin Panel Im trying to add some extra menus, among the default Publish, Categories, Tags etc.p
Negative 110 pI have a tabseparated fileA where the 12th column starting from 1 contain several comma separated identifiers. Some of them in the same row, however, can occur more than oncep  precodeGO0042302, GO0042302, GO0042302 GO0004386,GO0005524,GO0006281, GO0004386,GO0005524,GO0006281 .... .... codepre  psome with a whitespace after the comma, some where it is not.p  pI would like to only get the unique identifiers and remove the multiples for each row in the 12th columnp  precodeGO0042302 GO0004386,GO0005524,GO0006281 .... .... codepre  pHere is what I have so farp  precodefor row in fileA do     cut f12 row  sed s,n  sort  uniq  paste fileA        awk BEGIN OFSFStprint 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13 done gt out codepre  pThe idea was to go over each row at a time, cut out the 12th column, replace all commas with newlines and then sort and take uniq to get rid of duplicates, paste it back and print the columns in the right order, skipping the original identifier column.p  pHowever, this does not seem to work. Any ideasp
Negative 110 pI happily use this simple on click function to enable my 100100 sized iframes visibilityp  precodeltscript languagejavascriptgt             function newwindow              var showme  document.getElementByIdframe             showme.style.visibility  visible              ltscriptgt codepre  pNow.. within the same function, strongId like to disable the vertical scrollingstrong on the parent pages body. p  pI googled for hours. Stuck I tried stuff like thisp  precodedocument.getElementByIdmyBodyID.style.overflowYhidden  document.getElementByIdmyBodyID.style[overflowy]. codepre  pand more, but nothing good happens. It looks like the overflowhas problems, in fact I made a quick test with thisp  precodedocument.body.style.backgroundColoryellow codepre  pand it worked correctly, page turned yellow. But the same logic is not working with bodys overflow. p  pCan someone help Thanksp
Negative 110 pI am working on an android app with a Widget.p  pEverything works fine except for one thing.p  pI debug and code my app on different computers so when I launch the app for the first time i need to reinstall it because of the different debug key.  When I try readding my widget after the installation I get the problem loading widget and I need to reboot my phone to get it to work again.p  pThis does not always happen, there are also other strange things that might happen.p  ul liMy widget name, in the add widget list screen, gets renamed to foo.packagename.WidgetName instead of the Widget Title.li liThe Widget icon gets replaced by the default android launcher iconli liWhen I try adding the widget and place it on the homescreen, the previewimage gets replaced by a random iconli ul  pBeta testers experience the same problems after an update, even with the same key release version.p  pIs this an android issue, or is something wrong in my codep  pMy AppWidgetProvider partiallyp  precodeOverride public void onUpdateContext context, AppWidgetManager appWidgetManager,                      int[] appWidgetIds      final int N  appWidgetIds.length     SimpleDateFormat fmt  new SimpleDateFormatEEEE d MMMM     String date  fmt.formatnew Date     for int i  0 i lt N i          RemoteViews remoteViews  updateWidgetListViewcontext,                 appWidgetIds[i], date         appWidgetManager.updateAppWidgetappWidgetIds[i], remoteViews         appWidgetManager.notifyAppWidgetViewDataChangedappWidgetIds[i], R.id.list           super.onUpdatecontext, appWidgetManager, appWidgetIds    Override public void onDisabledContext context      Intent intent  new Intentcontext, AppService.class     intent.setActionAppService.ACTIONUPDATEWIDGET     PendingIntent sender  PendingIntent.getBroadcastcontext, 0, intent, 0     AlarmManager alarmManager  AlarmManager context.getSystemServiceContext.ALARMSERVICE     alarmManager.cancelsender      super.onDisabledcontext   private RemoteViews updateWidgetListViewContext context, int appWidgetId, String date      RemoteViews remoteViews  new RemoteViewscontext.getPackageName,             R.layout.widget      Intent svcIntent  new Intentcontext, ListWidgetService.class     remoteViews.setRemoteAdapterR.id.list, svcIntent     remoteViews.setEmptyViewR.id.list, R.id.emptyview      remoteViews.setTextViewTextR.id.widgetsubtitle, date      Intent intent  new Intentcontext, MainActivity.class     PendingIntent pendingIntent  PendingIntent.getActivitycontext, 0, intent, 0     remoteViews.setOnClickPendingIntentR.id.widgetroot, pendingIntent      return remoteViews  codepre  pwidgetprovider.xml  p  precode ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt  ltappwidgetprovider xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid   androidminWidth250dp   androidminHeight110dp   androidpreviewImagedrawableiclauncher   androidinitialLayoutlayoutwidget   androidresizeModehorizontalvertical   androidupdatePeriodMillis0gt codepre  pp
Negative 110 pI have a struct containing a struct and an NSObject that I want to serialize into an NSData objectp  precodestruct Packet    var name String   var index Int   var numberOfPackets Int   var data NSData   var thePacket  Packetname name, index i, numberOfPackets numberOfPackets, data packetData codepre  pHow do I best serialize thePacket into an NSData, and how do I best unserialize itp  pUsingp  precodevar bufferData  NSDatabytes amp thePacket, length sizeofPacket codepre  pof only gives me the pointers of name and data. I was exploring NSKeyedArchiver, but then Id have to make Packet an object, and Id prefer to keep it a struct.p  pCheersp  pNikp
Negative 110 pWhen I upload image Failed is displaying in the screen, It is not going to the success function. p  ul liThe same code is working properly in my friends systemli liI have made corrections in my config file also, then also its not workingli ul  pThis is my controller codeuser.phpcodep  precodeltphp class User extends CIController       public function construct               parentconstruct         sessioncachelimiterprivatenoexpire         sessionstart         thisgtloadgtmodelusermodel         thisgtloadgthelperarrayform, url, html, date         thisgtloadgtlibraryarraysession, javascript, formvalidation, upload,email         thisgtloadgtdatabase         url   baseurl . user       public function doupload               config[uploadpath]       .uploads         config[allowedtypes]     gifjpgpng         config[maxsize]          5000         config[maxwidth]         1024         config[maxheight]        768          thisgtloadgtlibraryupload, config         if   thisgtuploadgtdoupload                          error   arrayerror gt thisgtuploadgtdisplayerrors                 echo Failed                  else                          data    arrayuploaddata gt thisgtuploadgtdata                 echo success               codepre  pThis is my tpl codeprofilePicUpload.tplcodep  precodeltform methodpost actionhttplocalhostcodeigsmartyindex.phpuserdoupload enctypemultipartformdata gt ltinput typefile nameuserfile size20 gt ltinput typesubmit namesubmit valueuploadgt  ltformgt codepre
Negative 110 pthere are three filesp  ptest1.shp  precodebinsh export LDLIBRARYPATHusrlocallib1 codepre  ptest2.shp  precodebinsh echo LDLIBRARYPATH codepre  pMakefilep  precode.PHONY  all all     .test1.sh ampamp .test2.sh     export LDLIBRARYPATHusrlocallib1 ampamp .test2.sh codepre  pmake resultp  precode.test1.sh ampamp .test2.sh usrlocallib export LDLIBRARYPATHusrlocallib1 ampamp .test2.sh usrlocallib1 codepre  pmakefile always create a child process to execute command. what is the difference between first line command and second line of itp
Negative 110 pIt is about simple math question in js. I have two variablep  ol limasked value not integer a string   1.123,20li lisimple integer x.li ol  pI am trying to calculate below. Result    masked value  x  To convert from string to integer, I tried to use parseInt. Unfortunateley I couldnt make it. t returns with 1 instead of 1.123,20. I know it is simple one for you all but I stuck. p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 110 pI am trying to create a website that changes its codeltoptiongtcode in a codeltformgtcode based on user input in a previous codeltformgtcode. My mockup is below.p  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltbodygt  ltformgt   ltselect idselectgt     ltoptiongtCarltoptiongt     ltoptiongtPhoneltoptiongt   ltselectgt ltformgt  ltbutton onclickmyFunctiongtGet new listltbuttongt  ltformgt   ltselect idresultsgt   ltselectgt ltformgt  ltscriptgt function myFunction      var x  document.getElementByIdselect.value     var y  document.getElementByIdresults     var option  document.createElementoption     if x  Car              fori  0 i lt document.getElementByIdresults.length i                      y.removey[i]                   option.text  Honda         y.addoption         option.text  Nissan         y.addoption         option.text  BMW         y.addoption          if x  Phone              fori  0 i lt document.getElementByIdresults.length i                      y.removey[i]                   option.text  Blackberry         y.addoption         option.text  Nokia         y.addoption         option.text  Android         y.addoption       ltscriptgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pWhat I want this code to do is allow the user to pick Honda, Nissan, or BMW if they choose the Car option and pick either Blackberry, Nokia, or Android if they choose the Phone option. However the codeaddcode command only takes the last line of input BMW, or Android. Am I going about this in the right way with just a simply fix needed, or should I rework how I approach this problemp  pAlso, how can I make it so they second form automatically populates without needing to click the buttonp  pThank you for your time,p
Negative 110 pIn my controller I have a function which loads the index page. It does so by passing conditions to the thispaginate function.p  pI want to be able to get the SQL used to create this paginate. e.g. the SELECT statement.p  pI have tried using the following directly after the callp  precodefunction index     thisgtsetmodel, thisgtpaginatethisgtModel     log  thisgtModelgtgetDataSourcegtgetLogfalse, falsedebuglog  codepre  pBut this lists all queries the page has ran. And I can not see a way of distinguishing between them to get the paginate one. Its not the last one, nor is it the only one for that table etc.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 110 pI am developing an IntelliJ IDEA plugin which has to generate some projectspecific classes in the JavaScala project. I have a superclass and a few traits to extend. How can I list methods, which I need to implement in a class being createdp  pI mean the same list that will appear in the Implement methods dialog.p
Negative 110 pI would like to fade in and fadeout a circle in a javafx canvas. I can move a circle from one part of the screen to another but i just cant seem to get this object to fade in and out.p  pBelow is the code i used for moving a circle from one part of the screen to the otherp  precodepublic class AnimatedCircleOnCanvas extends Application      public static final double W  200  canvas dimensions.     public static final double H  200      public static final double D  20   diameter.      Override public void startStage stage          DoubleProperty x   new SimpleDoubleProperty         DoubleProperty y   new SimpleDoubleProperty          Timeline timeline  new Timeline             new KeyFrameDuration.seconds0,                     new KeyValuex, 0,                     new KeyValuey, 0             ,             new KeyFrameDuration.seconds3,                     new KeyValuex, W  D,                     new KeyValuey, H  D                               timeline.setAutoReversetrue         timeline.setCycleCountTimeline.INDEFINITE          final Canvas canvas  new CanvasW, H         AnimationTimer timer  new AnimationTimer              Override             public void handlelong now                  GraphicsContext gc  canvas.getGraphicsContext2D                 gc.setFillColor.CORNSILK                 gc.fillRect0, 0, W, H                 gc.setFillColor.FORESTGREEN                 gc.fillOval                     x.doubleValue,                     y.doubleValue,                     D,                     D                                                 stage.setScene             new Scene                 new Group                     canvas                                                stage.show          timer.start         timeline.play           public static void mainString[] args  launchargs     codepre  pYour help is greatly appreciatedp
Negative 110 pI want to make a link to the following web page a hrefhttpwww.iphhannover.dedeiphmitarbeiter relnofollowhttpwww.iphhannover.dedeiphmitarbeitera but after it opens an auto click on one of the members pictures should be generated.p  pSo after clicking the link it should load the page and popup the window of one of the members as if I clicked on his profile with the mouse. Note that I can not change anything on the a hrefhttpwww.iphhannover.dedeiphmitarbeiter relnofollowhttpwww.iphhannover.dedeiphmitarbeitera webpage. I can only link to it.p  pMy basic html knowledge is all about making text bolditaliccolorful and creating hyper links with a href. So please more detailed answers.p  pThank youp
Negative 110 pI am working on an asp.net mvc web application. and i have a WebGrid, where i added a Pagesize dropdown list to enable users to select how many records they like to have per page.p  pthe Action method isp  precode [OutputCacheCacheProfile  NoCache]  public ActionResult Disposedstring filter  null, int page  1, int pageSize  null, string sort  Technology.Tag, string sortdir  ASC                      GridListltDisposedResourcesgt gridrecords  repository.GetDisposedResourcesForGridfilter, page, pageSize, sort, sortdir, rack             ViewBag.PagedSizeOptions  new PageOptions.FilterOptions             if Request.IsAjaxRequest                               return PartialViewdisposed, gridrecords                          return ViewDisposed, gridrecords          codepre  pand here is the repository method p  precode  public GridListltDisposedResourcesgt GetDisposedResourcesForGridstring filter, int page, int pageSize, string sort, string sortdir, string resourcetype                      if pageSize.HasValue                              pageSize  Int32.ParseSystem.Web.Configuration.WebConfigurationManager.AppSettings[TechPageSize]                           var records  new GridListltDisposedResourcesgt             records.currentfilter  filter              records.TotalRecords  GetDisposedResourcesForGridCountfilter, resourcetype             records.hasNetworkInfo  false             records.hasSystemInfo  false             records.CurrentPage  page             records.PageSize  pageSize.Value             records.currentsort  sort             records.currentsortdir  sortdir             records.Content  tms.DisposedResources.Includeagta.Technology.Wherex gt filter  null                              x.Technology.Tag.ToLower.StartsWithfilter.ToLower                             ampamp x.ResourceType.ToLower  resourcetype.ToLower                     .OrderBysort     sortdir                     .Skippage  1  pageSize.Value                     .TakepageSize.Value.ToList             return records           codepre  pthe Disposed view is p  precodemodel  S.ViewModels.GridListltS.Models.DisposedResourcesgt     Show   Html.DropDownListFilterSize, new SelectListViewBag.PagedSizeOptions, Value, Text, ViewBag.pagesize , new  id FilterSize1,classSmallDropDown3 ltspan classhiddenphonegtper page.ltspangt   ltdiv iddisposedgt  Html.Partial disposed,Model  ltdivgt  section Scripts         ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         body.onchange, FilterSize1, function                SizeProgressSort.show             .ajaxSetup cache false              .ajax                 type Get,                 url Url.ActionDisposed,                  data  pageSize FilterSize1.val, page 1, sort currentsort.val, sortdir currentsortdir.val ,                  success successFunc,                 error errorFunc                           function successFuncdata, status                   disposed.htmldata                             function errorFunc                  alerterror                            ltscriptgt  codepre  pand the disposed partial view isp  precodemodel  S.ViewModels.GridListltS.Models.DisposedResourcesgt            var gridcolumns  new ListltWebGridColumngt         gridcolumns.Addnew WebGridColumn                      ColumnName  Technology.Tag,             Header  Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Content.FirstOrDefault.Technology.Tag.ToString,             CanSort  true                 code goes here...             var grid  new WebGrid                         canPage true,                         rowsPerPage Model.PageSize,                         canSort true,                         ajaxUpdateContainerId grid              grid.BindModel.Content, rowCount Model.TotalRecords, autoSortAndPage false             grid.PagerWebGridPagerModes.All              grid.GetHtmlhtmlAttributes new  id  grid ,    id for ajaxUpdateContainerId parameter             fillEmptyRows false,             tableStyle table tablebordered tablehover,             mode WebGridPagerModes.All,             columns gridcolumns                                         ltdivgtltdivgtltdivgt ltinput typehidden valueModel.currentsort idcurrentsort gt Model.currentsort ltinput typehidden valueModel.currentsortdir idcurrentsortdir gt Model.currentsortdir codepre  pthe problem i am facing is that the two parameters codecurrentsort  currentsortdircode which are being passed as part of the javascript will not be changed,and the user will loose the current sort order if he chose to chnage the page size drop downlist. so can anyone advice what is the problem, now even if i chose to display the two valuesp  precodeModel.currentsort  amp  Model.currentsortdir codepre  pthey will always have the defualt value, although these values are being changed inside the repository method... but seems the partial view is somehow caching the old values for these two parameter p
Negative 110 pI am getting an array from the following codep  precodeclasses  mbgtmakeNumericArraydata[GetClassesResult][Classes][Class] result  classes      echo ltpregt         printrresult     echo ltpregt codepre  pand the array isp  precodeArray      [0] gt Array                      [ClassScheduleID] gt              [ClassDescription] gt Array                                      [Description] gt                      [Program] gt Array                                                      [ScheduleType] gt DropIn                                                        [Staff] gt Array                                      [SortOrder] gt                                     [1] gt Array                      [ClassScheduleID] gt              [ClassDescription] gt Array                                      [Description] gt                      [Program] gt Array                                                      [ScheduleType] gt DropIn                                                        [Staff] gt Array                                      [SortOrder] gt                                   codepre  pI tried to fetch the code taking  the reference from this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions28473537fetchvaluesfromanarrayusingnestedforeachloopcode at stackoverflowa, p  precodeforeachresult as res              classscheduleid res[ClassScheduleID]         echo classscheduleid        codepre  pAt the present I tried this code, to print the codeClassScheduleIDcode.p  pBut it is not fetching the data properly. It misses the values at code[0]code and in rest of the array it repeats the result. p  pCan anyone tell me how I can fetch codeClassScheduleIDcode along with codeDescriptioncode, codeScheduleTypecode and codesortordercode from the complete arrayp
Negative 110 pI have an array tag which I print usingp  precodeforeachtags as t                  echo t[token] .  . t[tag] .             codepre  pHow can I pass this tag to a Java servlet so in the Java program I can use it just like in the PHP script by using a codeforeachcode and codet[token]code and codet[tag]codep  pIm assuming this has to be done by using a POST method, is it also possible by using GETp  pUpdatebr Got a jsonarrayp  precodejsarray  jsonencodetags echo var javascriptarray  . jsarray . n codepre  pWhich returnsp  precodevar javascriptarray  [tokentest,tagNN,token1,tagNN] codepre  pIm trying to pass it to the servlet by usingp  precodeltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquery1.10.1.min.jsgt   document .readyfunction      alertok                  .ajax                     url  httplocalhost8080firstSPARQL,                     type POST,                     data jsarray,                                       dataType json,                      async false,                     success function                          alert succes,                         error function                             alertfalse                                             ltscriptgt codepre  pHowever, it returns neither succes or false. It is showing the ok alert. P.S. Im running the java servlet via Eclipse and Tomcat 8. The php file is on my Wamp localhost. I can acces the url in my browser.br Also, it appears I cant use the jsarray in the javascript which I made in PHP, it says its not set.p  pUpdate In the chrome console it saysp  precode    XMLHttpRequest cannot load httplocalhost8080firstSPARQL.  No AccessControlAllowOrigin header is present on the requested resource.  Origin httplocalhost is therefore not allowed access. jquery1.10.1.min.js6 x.ajaxTransport.sendjquery1.10.1.min.js6 x.extend.ajaxresultaat.phpnlqueryDitiseeneerstetekst20  anonymous functionjquery1.10.1.min.js4  x.Callbacks.cjquery1.10.1.min.js4  x.Callbacks.p.fireWithjquery1.10.1.min.js4 x.extend.readyjquery1.10.1.min.js4 q codepre  pAdded coderesponse.addHeaderAccessControlAllowOrigin, code in the servlet.  Error is gone now, but it still responds false because I cant acces the PHP jsarray inside of the javascript Says jsarray is not set.p
Negative 110 pI am using url parameters to tell the backend how to sort my multiple lists on a page. The parameters are being set based on select blocks for each listsortBy, orderBy. On page load I am setting the selects to match the parameters.p  precodefunction setSortOptions      var select  document.getElementsByTagNameselect,         qParams  getParameters      for var i0, l  select.length i lt l i              var self  select[i],             name  self.name,             value  qParams[name],             opt  self.options[value]          ifopt opt.selected  true          select[i].addEventListenerchange, SortMyListsevent, false       codepre  pWith my current function the event listener is firing SortMyLists immediately. Why is this when I am changing the selected option before assigning the event listenerp
Negative 110 pI have create a project from existing files over SSH. PhpStrom copied this project to a local folder on my computer. When i used the same constructionp  precoderequre varwwwlibslog.php codepre  pive got notice from IDE like this Include expression is not resolvedp  pProject are available on remote server by this path varwwwprojectp  pHow i can resolve this noticep
Negative 110 pI am pretty new to AngularJS and Coding but I have had some guidance on this but my http.get is not returning any data. I have the following factory and controller embedded in a .js file. and have a corresponding ngrepeat in a html file which I am looking to return the date from a JSON file. When I look at the details within the scope of Chrome Developer Tools it is showing the scope as being returned but had the followingp  p  member null   p  pFactory and Controller code is as followsp  precodeapp.factoryMemberFactory, [http , functionhttp          var api                        getMembers  function                               return http.get..jsonmembers2.json                         ,              getMembers  functionmembernumber                 NEW                  return http.get..json  membernumber  .json                               return api ]   app.controllerhomeController,  [scope, location, routeParams, GetTheMember,  functionscope, location, routeParams, GetTheMember               GetTheMember.getmembersrouteParams.membernumber                 .successfunctiondata                     scope.member  data                                     .errorfunctionerr                      location.path.404                                  scope.setImage  functionimg                    scope.img  img                       ] codepre
Negative 110 pI am on win7 64bit home edition. All of my projects are set to build in a 32bit environment using C. I have successfully built libpng in debug mode using MDd runtime.  I have two active projects. My first project is in VS2010 and my second is in VS2012. Within my computer I created an environment variable set to the path for this library to make linking easier in my projects. Both my projects are using MDd as well as multibyte which is the same that libpng uses. All of my paths and dependencies are correct. I also copied over the libpng16.dll into both projects within the same directory as their built executable. I can successfully compile and build both projects. My VS2010 project runs and renders the loaded PNG graphic, however my project in VS2012 doesnt. It crashes when I call pngreadpng throwing and unhandled exception that breaks on this linep  precodecheck  fread data, 1, length, pngvoidcast pngFILEp, pngptrgtioptr   codepre  pwithin pngrio.c. giving this errorp  precodeFirstchance exception at 0x77308E19 ntdll.dll in Gamedebug.exe 0xC0000005  Access violation writing location 0x00000014. codepre  pThe problem is not within my source code since I know that it works in my VS2010 project and I am using the same implementation to load the png in my VS2012 project. I am not sure off hand if it makes a difference that the library I am linking to was built in VS2010 or if there are some command line  compiler settings within the VS2010 built library that my VS2012 project doesnt like. Ive read through the png documentation and searched online for hours and couldnt seem to find anything relevant. Any kind of help, tips, pointers or suggestions would do me a great deal. p
Negative 110 pI have a data frame of pvalues. Other than pvalues it has some zero entries also.p  pcodedatacodep  precode     V1          V3          V4          V5          V6          V7         1  ADAM32       0.001           0           0           0           0       2  ADAM32       0.001        0.65       0.001       0.001        0.65    3  ADAM32        0.65           0           0           0           0       4    CCL5    0.000491    0.000491    0.000491           0           0       5   CILP2 0.500000024 0.500000024 0.500000024           0           0       6   EPHB3    0.000562    0.000562    0.000562    0.000562    0.000562       7   EPHB3    0.000562           0           0           0           0       8  GUCA1A    0.002006    0.602006    0.002006    0.602006    0.002006       9  GUCA1A    0.602006           0           0           0           0       10  HSPA6    0.000322    0.000322    0.000322    0.000322    0.000322       11  HSPA6    0.000322           0           0           0           0       12  MAPK1       0.002       0.002       0.002           0           0       codepre  pI use the following code to apply Fishers method to combine the pvalues of each row.p  precode     Fishers Method      Fisher.test lt functionp          Xsq lt 2sumlogp       p.val lt pchisqXsq, df  2lengthp, lower.tail  FALSE       returncXsq  Xsq, p.value  p.val           fork in 1  nrowdata          p lt as.numericdata[j,1]      fisher lt Fisher.testp      printfisher     codepre  pI want to skip zeros from adding to the rowsum, as it leads to an infinite value after the log transformation of the pvalue.p
Negative 110 pI have a problem when I tried to GET data from a web api. But what i get is nil. I couldnt get the article list from the api. Any advicep  papi doc address yazar.iodocp  pMy NSObject Filep  precodeimport Alamofire struct YazarIoService        Doc httpyazar.iodoc             private static let baseURL  httpyazar.io     private enum ResourcePath Printable           case Articles         case StoryUpvotestoryId Int         var description String              switch self              case .Articles return apiarticlefeed1             case .StoryUpvotelet id return apiclientfavoritesaction                                 static func articleForSectionsection String, page Int, response JSON gt           let urlString  baseURL  ResourcePath.Articles.description         printlnurlString         let parameters  [             page toStringpage         ]         printlnparameters          Alamofire.request.GET, baseURL, parameters parameters.responseJSON, , data,  gt Void in             let articles  JSONdata  []             responsearticles               codepre  pMy table view controllerp  precodeclass articlesTableViewController UITableViewController, MakaleTableViewCellDelegate       let transitionManager  TransitionManager     var articles JSON  []      func loadarticlessection String, page Int         YazarIoService.articleForSectionsection, page page  JSON gt  in             self.articles  JSON[articles]             self.tableView.reloadData                     override func viewDidLoad          super.viewDidLoad           UIApplication.sharedApplication.setStatusBarStyleUIStatusBarStyle.LightContent, animated true          tableView.estimatedRowHeight  100         tableView.rowHeight  UITableViewAutomaticDimension          loadarticles, page 1         printlnarticles[]           IBAction func MenuButtonDidTouchsender AnyObject          performSegueWithIdentifierMenuSegue, sender self            IBAction func LoginbutonDidTouchsender AnyObject          performSegueWithIdentifierLoginSegue, sender self           number of rows     override func tableViewtableView UITableView, numberOfRowsInSection section Int gt Int           return articles.count             override func tableViewtableView UITableView, cellForRowAtIndexPath indexPath NSIndexPath gt UITableViewCell          let cell  tableView.dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierMakaleCell as MakaleTableViewCell gt cellin zelliklerine erimek iim bunu yazdk. Eskiden UITableViewCelldi. Deitirmezsen cell.title... vs almakz.          let makale  articles[indexPath.row]         cell.configureWithMakalemakale          cell.delegate  self          return cell                        override func tableViewtableView UITableView, didSelectRowAtIndexPath indexPath NSIndexPath          performSegueWithIdentifierWebSegue, sender indexPath           tableView.deselectRowAtIndexPathindexPath, animated true             MARK MakaleTableViewCellDelegate      func makaleTableViewCellDidTouchUpvotecell MakaleTableViewCell, sender AnyObject           TODO Implement Upvote           func makaleTableViewCellDidTouchCommentcell MakaleTableViewCell, sender AnyObject          performSegueWithIdentifierCommentsSegue, sender self            MARK Misc      override func prepareForSeguesegue UIStoryboardSegue, sender AnyObject          if segue.identifier  WebSegue                let toView  segue.destinationViewController as WebViewController             let indexPath  sender as NSIndexPath             let url  articles[indexPath.row][articleurl].string             toView.url  url               UIApplication.sharedApplication.setStatusBarHiddentrue, withAnimation UIStatusBarAnimation.Fade              toView.transitioningDelegate  transitionManager                 codepre
Negative 110 pI have a json response in the form  p  precodesomearray  [ ios 110 ratepl PlanC refsite NA reservationid 12709034 , ios 121 ratepl SomePlan refsite FB reservationid 1273034 , ios 141 ratepl PlanC refsite Tweet reservationid 143034 ] codepre  pHow do i group a particular attribute say ratepl and also add the values if the ios which related to that particular ratepl.p  pexample   Result should bep  precodesomeObject  [     PlanC [ios251],              110141  251     SomePlan [ios121]     ]  codepre
Negative 110 pI have a set of very small custom CSS changes that I would like to apply to our Office 365 personal sites. I have read through some information herep  pa hrefhttpblogs.msdn.combveskuarchive20150105customizingonedriveforbusinesssiteswithappmodel.aspx relnofollowhttpblogs.msdn.combveskuarchive20150105customizingonedriveforbusinesssiteswithappmodel.aspxap  pbut cant seem to find a way to do this easily. I have tested this CSS on one personal site by adding it directly to the master page. It works well but I have gathered that editing master pages is not the recommended method for these changes and that I should use Alternate CSS instead.p  pMy question is, how can I easily apply this CSS change to all of our personal sites as they are created I am not currently concerned with sites that already exist, but rather any subsequent sites. Is there a way to edit the default css template so that I dont actually need an app running to modify each personal site as it is createdp  pRight now I am comfortable using Powershell to manage our Office 365 tenant and am getting comfortable with the SharePoint REST api. Hopefully this is enough to implement this small change.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 phere is is my CSS code for the bodyp  precodebody  padding 0px margin 0px backgroundimage url..imagesbackground.jpg backgroundrepeat norepeat backgroundcolor grey  backgroundsize 100 codepre  pp  pWhat I want to do is make it so that the image scrolls slower than everything else on the page to make a simple parallax effect. Ive looked online and all of the examples Ive seen are much more complicated than what I want.p
Negative 110 pI am creating web application in asp.net. I have 5 text box which are asp controls. I want to get which text box having focus on that time and then when I am press add button, the hello text has to added to the particular text box which are got focused before pressed the add button. p  pI need Asp.net with C code to move to my next stepp
Negative 110 pI have the hazelcast server running with the config as follows,p  pConfig config  new Configp  p strongMapConfigstrongp  pconfig.setMapConfigsgetMapConfigp  p strongSerialization factorystrongp  pconfig.setSerializationConfiggetSerializableFactoryp  pIn this case, When hazelcast server is running in remote machine, I have to connect to my hazelcast server from hazelcast client.p  pBut when I try to connect via Hazelcast client,p  pClientConfig clientConfig  new ClientConfig clientConfig.getNetworkConfig.addAddressIPPORTp  pAm able to connect to Hazelcast server,p  pBut when I get map [stronghazelcast.getMaptest.valuesstrong] It shows the exception that it is expecting my configuration of seralization factory in hazelcast client config,p  pSo When I add the serialization config [codeWhich has Serialization factory class pointing to beanscode]p  pclientConfig.setSerializationConfiggetSerializableFactoryp  pIt works fine,p  pSo Is there a way that I can connect to Hazelcast server without using Serialization Config. The reason is If there is any change happening in beans which I will update in hazelcast server In remote location, I have to update that in my hazelcast client too. p  pThanks and Regards, Harryp
Negative 110 pIm currently working on an SailsJS app. I started to work with version 0.10.5 and implemented lots of models with inheritance between them. All was working fine.p  pToday, I decided to update my SailsJS project to version 0.11.0. Ive read that the simplest way to do that was to update all SailsJS files with npm, then create a new project and finally copy all models, controllers, etc to the freshly created project. This is what Ive done so far.p  pIm now encountering an issue each time I try to lift my project p  precodeusrlocallibnodemodulessailsnodemoduleswaterlinenodemoduleswaterlineschemalibwaterlineschemaforeignKeys.js82     throw new ErrorTrying to access a collection   collection   that is             Error Trying to access a collection series that is not defined.     at ForeignKeys.findPrimaryKey usrlocallibnodemodulessailsnodemoduleswaterlinenodemoduleswaterlineschemalibwaterlineschemaforeignKeys.js8211     at ForeignKeys.replaceKeys usrlocallibnodemodulessailsnodemoduleswaterlinenodemoduleswaterlineschemalibwaterlineschemaforeignKeys.js5327     at new ForeignKeys usrlocallibnodemodulessailsnodemoduleswaterlinenodemoduleswaterlineschemalibwaterlineschemaforeignKeys.js3010     at new module.exports usrlocallibnodemodulessailsnodemoduleswaterlinenodemoduleswaterlineschemalibwaterlineschema.js3017     at Waterline.initialize usrlocallibnodemodulessailsnodemoduleswaterlinelibwaterline.js10717     at buildORM usrlocallibnodemodulessailslibhooksormbuildorm.js5215     at Array.async.auto.instantiatedCollections [as 1] usrlocallibnodemodulessailslibhooksormindex.js20311     at listener usrlocallibnodemodulessailsnodemodulesasynclibasync.js49346     at usrlocallibnodemodulessailsnodemodulesasynclibasync.js44417     at Array.forEach native     at each usrlocallibnodemodulessailsnodemodulesasynclibasync.js4624     at Object.taskComplete usrlocallibnodemodulessailsnodemodulesasynclibasync.js44313     at processImmediate [as immediateCallback] timers.js34515 codepre  pThere are my models p  pstrongapiservicesOrthancObject.jsstrongp  precodemodule.exports       attributes              ID                      type STRING,             primaryKey true,             required true         ,         Type                      type STRING,             required true         ,         MainDicomTags                      type JSON,             required true                codepre  pstrongapiservicesOrthancMutableObject.jsstrongp  precodevar OrthancObject  require.OrthancObject.js module.exports  .merge.cloneDeepOrthancObject,      attributes              IsStable                      type BOOLEAN,             required true         ,         LastUpdate                      type DATETIME,             required true                codepre  pstrongapimodelsPatient.jsstrongp  precodevar OrthancMutableObject  require..servicesOrthancMutableObject.js     module.exports  .merge.cloneDeepOrthancMutableObject,              attributes                      Studies                              collection Study,                 via ParentPatient,                 required true                            codepre  pstrongapimodelsStudy.jsstrongp  precodevar OrthancMutableObject  require..servicesOrthancMutableObject.js module.exports  .merge.cloneDeepOrthancMutableObject,      attributes              ParentPatient                      model Patient,             required true         ,         Series                      collection Series,             via ParentStudy,             required true                codepre  pstrongapimodelsSeries.jsstrongp  precodevar OrthancMutableObject  require..servicesOrthancMutableObject.js module.exports  .merge.cloneDeepOrthancMutableObject,      attributes              ExpectedNumberOfInstances                      type INTEGER         ,         Instances                      collection Instance,             via ParentSeries,             required true         ,         ParentStudy                      model Study,             required true         ,         Status                      type STRING                codepre  pstrongapimodelsInstance.jsstrongp  precodevar OrthancObject  require..servicesOrthancObject.js module.exports  .merge.cloneDeepOrthancObject,      attributes              FileSize                      type INTEGER,             required true         ,         FileUuid                      type INTEGER,             required true         ,         IndexInSeries                      type INTEGER,             required true         ,         ParentSeries                      model Series                codepre  pCould you explain me what I am doing wrong  I cant get why it isnt working anymore reminder it was working well in v 0.10.5.p  pThanks for reading, Have a nice day p
Negative 110 pI was able to do minimum changes to some coding I found off bits here and there. But I am at wits so I hope I can received some help with this line of VBA code please p  precodeWith Worksheets3                            Worksheets1.RangeWorksheets1.CellsintCopyRow, 1,          Worksheets1.CellsintCopyRow, bytColumnsInData.Copy      Destination.Cells.Cells.Rows.Count, 1.EndxlUp.Offset1, 0 End With  codepre  pI hope to add color to the row after I copy the mismatch row to the new sheet3. How should I go about changing this code to do the adding of colorp
Negative 110 pI am using Realm in my new iOS project. I am inserting new codeRLMObjectcode like thisp  precodelet realm  RLMRealm.defaultRealm var route  Route route.status  opened  realm.beginWriteTransaction realm.addObjectroute realm.commitWriteTransaction codepre  pAnd I want to update coderoutecode status like this in separate functionp  precodelet realm  RLMRealm.defaultRealm let openedRoutes  Route.objectsWherestatus  opened var openedRoute  openedRoutes.objectAtIndex0 as Route  realm.beginWriteTransaction openedRoute.status  closed realm.commitWriteTransaction codepre  pBut it does not update anything.p  pWhat I am doing wrong Thank you for time and help.p  pstrongAdditional infostrongp  pWhen I do for example codepo selfcode, there are errors in logp  precodeerror Error in autoimport failed to get module  from AST context UserspeterdruskaLibraryDeveloperXcodeDerivedDataCestyhijwnftlnwubfmgymqpszfmjojrrBuildProductsDebugiphoneosPodsRealm.frameworkHeadersPodsRealmumbrella.h39 note in file included from UserspeterdruskaLibraryDeveloperXcodeDerivedDataCestyhijwnftlnwubfmgymqpszfmjojrrBuildProductsDebugiphoneosPodsRealm.frameworkHeadersPodsRealmumbrella.h3 import RLMArray.h   codepre  pI have Realm installed using cocoa pods.p
Negative 110 pI am building an app with ObjectiveC and I would like to persist data. I am hesitating between NSKeyedArchiver and core Data. I am aware there are plenty of ressources about this on the web including a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7122587ObjectiveC best choice for saving dataa but I am still doubtful about the one I should use. Here are the two things that make me wonder p  p1 I am assuming I will have around 100010000 objects to handle for a data volume of 110 Mb. I will do standard database queries on these objects. I would like to be able to load all these objects on launching and to save them from time to time  a 1 second processing time for loading or saving would be fine by me.p  p2 For the moment my model is rather intricate  for instance classA contains among other properties an array of classB which is itself formed by among other a property of type classC and a property of type classD. And class D itself contains properties of type classE.p  pAm I right to assume that 1 means that NSKeyedArchiver will still work fine and that 2 means that using core Data may not be very simple  I have tried to look for cases where core Data was used with complex object graph structure like my case 2 on the web but havent found that many ressources. This is for the moment what refrains me the most from using it.p
Negative 110 pI am using jQuery EasyUI in my web app. After some AJAX call, I will call code.messager.showcode method to display information if there is any error messages. The error messages sometimes is less and sometimes is in multiple lines. So when it comes to more than 3 lines, some of the message cannot be seen. I plan to put a scroll bar because I dont want to set it too big. Here is what I have and it is not working.p  precode.messager.show    show error message     title Error,     msg result.msg,     style         overflowscroll       codepre  pPlease help if somebody has any way to do this or trick of doing this. Thank you.p
Negative 110 pI want only particular rows that has E inside the column TXIDT. I used the following code but apps stops. In logcat the error says it is at db.query line.p  precodepublic Cursor getAllRows           String where  null     SQLiteDatabase db     helper.getReadableDatabase     String[] columns   VivzHelper.UID, helper.UID,helper.NAME,helper.TXIDT      String whereClause  TXIDT        String[] whereArgs  new String[]   E       Cursor c  db.query VivzHelper.TABLENAME,   columns,whereClause,whereArgs,           null, null, NAME   ASC  for out btn         if c  null              c.moveToFirst                  return c          codepre  pp
Negative 110 pI have successfully created a webapp using codeHTMLParsercode and codeurllib2code that gets the first 20 websites from strongwww.alexa.comtopsitesglobalstrong and put the results in a HTML table. My problem is that I cant follow the same rules and apply the same algorithm for codeltdiv classcountgtcode and codeltdiv classdescriptiongtcode.p  pCan anybody help me with some sort of a snippet for this strongwithoutstrong using BS4  p  pMy code so farp  pstrongurlparse.pystrongp  precodeimport HTMLParser, urllib  class MyHTMLParserHTMLParser.HTMLParser     sitelist  []      def resetself         HTMLParser.HTMLParser.resetself         self.ina  False         self.nextlinktextpair  None     def handlestarttagself, tag, attrs         if taga             for name, value in attrs                 if namehref                     self.nextlinktextpair  [value, ]                     self.ina  True                     break     def handledataself, data         if self.ina self.nextlinktextpair[1]  data     def handleendtagself, tag         if taga             if self.nextlinktextpair is not None                 if self.nextlinktextpair[0].startswithsiteinfo                     self.sitelist.appendself.nextlinktextpair[1]             self.nextlinktextpair  None             self.ina  False  if namemain     p  MyHTMLParser     p.feedurllib.urlopenhttpwww.alexa.comtopsitesglobal.read     print p.sitelist[20] codepre  pstrongurls.pystrongp  precodeurlpatterns  patterns,     urlr, myapp.views.topurls, namehome,     urlradmin, includeadmin.site.urls,  codepre  pstrongviews.pystrongp  precodedef topurlsrequest     p  MyHTMLParser     p.feedurllib2.urlopenhttpwww.alexa.comtopsitesglobal.read     urls  p.sitelist[20]     print urls     return renderrequest, topurls.html, urls urls codepre  pstrongtopurls.htmlstrongp  precode... lttbodygt      for url in urls          lttrgt             lttdgtSomethinglttdgtlthere should be rankgt             lttdgt url lttdgt             lttdgtsomethinglttdgtlthere should be descriptiongt         lttrgt      endfor  lttbodygt ... codepre
Negative 110 pAngularJS datepicker is not working when the control is inside the ngGrid within a modal. It acts as an input text controls as the calendar popup does not popup on focus.p  precodescope.myData  [       id1,name AAA, Regdate 1102012,       id2,name BBB, Regdate 2102012,       id3,name CCC, Regdate 3102012]  scope.gridOptions      data myData,   columnDefs[         fieldid,displayNameID,width50,         fieldname,displayNameName,width100,         fieldRegdate,displayNameRegDate,         cellTemplateltinput typetext ngmodelCOLFIELD datepickerpopupddMMyyyy datepickerappendtobodytrue gt,         enableCellEdittrue     ]  codepre  pPlunkr a hrefhttpplnkr.coeditYtRVFegiB6Slj2NtC7MEppreview relnofollowhttpplnkr.coeditYtRVFegiB6Slj2NtC7MEppreviewap  pSuggestions please.p
Negative 110 pI had developed codeiOScode application,I had successfully implemented codeinapp purchasecode on this application.p  pIt looks working perfectly with strongDevelopment provisionstrong as well as strongAd hoc provisionstrong.p  pBut when I push this build to app store.Apple approve it.However,It not working on live application.p  pI again push 2 more new versions with  minor change but still inapp purchase not working with Production provision application from app storep  pThen after I put error log and can show on my server.I found that I am not getting inapp purchase product from itunes [when application is on app store] which I fetched using following codep  precodeSKProductsRequest request  [[SKProductsRequest alloc] initWithProductIdentifiers productIdentifiers]   request.delegate  self  [request start] codepre  pHere,codeproductIdentifierscode are array of my inapp purchase bundle ids.p  pThough still it working perfectly when i run it on xcode.p  pWhat can be reason.Am I miss somethingp
Negative 110 pIs there a way I can stop mediaplayer if I click on a layout Currently I call mediaplayer as below. Possibly an OnClick listener but I am not sure how to make it work with the below code.p  precodetry                          while sbyrs.next                              String sbycount  sbyrs.getStringround                              standby.setTextString.valueOfsbycount                             double sbydouble  Double.parseDoublesbycount                             int notifyInt  preferenceHelper.getDisableNotificationOnFlag  1  0                             final MediaPlayer mediaPlayer  MediaPlayer.createcontext, Settings.System.DEFAULTALARMALERTURI                             if sbydouble gt preferenceHelper.getSeekBarRepKey ampamp preferenceHelper.getSeekBarRepKey lt 120 ampamp notifyInt lt 1 ampamp mediaPlayer.isPlaying                                   add vibrate on alert. Is disabled with disable notification                                 Vibrator vibrator  Vibrator context.getSystemServiceContext.VIBRATORSERVICE                                 vibrator.vibrate300                                  Sound notification follows                                 mediaPlayer.start                                 CountDownTimer timer  new CountDownTimer5000, 5000                                       Override                                     public void onTicklong millisUntilFinished                                           Nothing to do                                                                           Override                                     public void onFinish                                          if mediaPlayer.isPlaying                                              mediaPlayer.stop                                             mediaPlayer.release                                                                                                                                                timer.start                              codepre  pThis is where I call my layoutp  precodeHandle click to open for more information here     LinearLayout lockslayout  LinearLayout findViewByIdR.id.lockslayout     lockslayout.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener          public void onClickView v              Intent intent  new IntentMonitorActivity.this, LocksOutputActivity.class             startActivityintent               codepre
Negative 110 pI realize I can add a border around a button and have it set to a width but is there a way that I can add a solid border around that to show that the button has focus. p  pNote that I am looking to have a solid one color not fading border. Also I would like the border not to upset the spacing if I have a few buttons in a row I know one solution is for me to put codeltdivgtcode with border around every button and set the border of that div but I am hoping there is a way to do this without including each button in a div. p  precodeltbuttongtaltbuttongt ltbutton classprimarygtbltbuttongt ltbuttongtcltbuttongt codepre  pIn this case I would like the space between button a, b and c to be the same and the middle button to have a solid area around it.p
Negative 110 pI want to load Google different coordinates on href click. For Examplep  precodelta hreflocation1gtLocation 1ltagt lta hreflocation2gtLocation 2ltagt lta hreflocation3gtLocation 3ltagt codepre  pBelow this there is a DIV which loads the Google Map which loads the locations from the above links.p  precodeltdiv idmapcontainer classcolmd12 nogutter styleheight500pxgtltdivgt codepre  pHere is the script which is loading the Map with single location.p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function initialize              var mapOptions                   center new google.maps.LatLng51.520904, 0.107466,                 zoom 17,                 draggable false,                 scrollwheel false,                 disableDoubleClickZoom true,                 zoomControl false                          var map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmapcontainer,                 mapOptions              var styles  [                                      featureType landscape.manmade,                     elementType geometry,                     stylers [                          visibility on ,                          color d4ebf4                      ]                 ,                                      featureType road,                     elementType labels.text.fill,                     stylers [                          visibility on ,                          color 202020                     ]                 ,                                      featureType poi.business,                     elementType all,                     stylers [                          visibility on                      ]                 ,                                      featureType poi.park,                     elementType all,                     stylers [                          color 98d1e8                      ]                 ,                                      featureType poi.school,                     elementType all,                     stylers [                          visibility off ,                          color 808080                      ]                 ,                                      featureType all,                     elementType geometry.stroke,                     stylers [                          visibility off                      ]                 ,                                      featureType poi.park,                     elementType labels.text.fill,                     stylers [                          visibility off                      ]                 ,                                      featureType transit.station.rail,                     elementType labels.icon,                     stylers [                          hue 005eff ,                          saturation 37                      ]                 ,                                      featureType poi.park,                     elementType labels.text.stroke,                     stylers [                          color 808080                      ]                 ,                                      featureType road.local,                     elementType all,                     stylers [                          color ffffff                      ]                 ,                                      featureType all,                     elementType labels.text.fill,                     stylers [                          color 808080                      ]                 ,                                      featureType transit.line,                     elementType all,                     stylers [                          color ffffff                      ]                              ]              map.setOptionsstyles styles               var blueIco                   url ltphp bloginfotemplatedirectory gtimagesmappin.png,                 size new google.maps.Size55, 73,                 anchor new google.maps.Point28, 72                           var latLng  new google.maps.LatLng51.520904, 0.107466              marker  new google.maps.Marker                 map map,                 position latLng,                 animation google.maps.Animation.DROP,                 icon blueIco,                 normalIcon blueIco                           google.maps.event.addListenermarker, mouseout, function event                  this.setIconthis.normalIcon                 infowindow.close                               google.maps.event.addDomListenerwindow, load, initialize codepre  pp
Negative 110 pIm doing an MX record lookup on domain names using the API from statdns.com. However, websites blocked by my companys proxy cannot be looked up using the API either. p  pIs there a way around this p
Negative 110 pUsing the Google Drive API, I can retrieve a list of previous versions of a google spreadsheet, like sop  precodehttpswww.googleapis.comdrivev2filesfileIdrevisionsrevisionId codepre  pWhere codefileIDcode is the ID of the spreadsheet and revisionId is the revision number.p  pEach revision returned which has codeexportLinkscode field with URLs to download these versions as CSV, XLS, etc.  p  pWith the google emspreadhseetsem API, there are API endpoints for the cell and rowbased representations of the spreadsheetsp  precodehttpsspreadsheets.google.comfeedslistkeyworksheetIdprivatefull httpsspreadsheets.google.comfeedscellskeyworksheetIdprivatefull codepre  pHere codekeycode is the same value as codefileIdcode above and codeworksheetIdcode is a code for a particular worksheet.p  pAre there API endpoints to access the listbased feed or cellbased feed for emparticular revisionsem of a google spreadsheetp
Negative 110 precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltlink relstylesheet hrefhttpcode.jquery.comui1.11.4themessmoothnessjqueryui.cssgt ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquery1.10.2.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comui1.11.4jqueryui.jsgtltscriptgt ltstylegt     divwidth100pxheight100pxbackgroundyellow ltstylegt ltscriptgt     document.readyfunction         div.draggable      ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdivgtDrag Meltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pThe code must provide draggable div using jquery ui, but my div is not draggable. Can someone find the reason p
Negative 110 pI have the following script that generates a combo box codeSelectcode and a plotp  precodeimport bokeh.plotting as bk from bokeh.models import ColumnDataSource, Plot from bokeh.models.widgets import Select from bokeh.simpleapp import simpleapp  data  a x [1,2,3], y [1,2,3],         b x [3,2,1], y [1,2,3],         c x [2,2,2], y [1,2,3],   options  [a, b, c] select1  Selectname  ticker1, value  options[0], options  options  simpleappselect1 def testlayoutticker1     p  bk.figuretitle  layout test      chartdata  data[ticker1]      df  ColumnDataSourcedata  chartdata     p.circlex  chartdata[x], y  chartdata[y]      return p  testlayout.routebokehlayout codepre  pThis works just fine. However, I found no possibility to specify the position of the combo box.p  pMy goal is, that the strongcombo box is displayed above the plotstrong and not on the left side. How is this possiblep
Negative 110 pI have created the class textViewTable In this class i am saving data related to TextViews That I want to Pass to Next Activity.p  precodepublic class TextViewTable implements Serializable  private String FONT private String TEXT private float TEXTSIZE private ColorStateList TEXTCOLOR private float MARGINTOP private float MARGINBOTTOM private float MARGINLEFT private float MARGINRIGHT private Boolean BoldFlag private Boolean ItalicFlag private Boolean NormalFlag  public TextViewTable   public TextViewTableString FONT, String TEXT, float TEXTSIZE, ColorStateList TEXTCOLOR, float MARGINTOP, float MARGINBOTTOM, float MARGINLEFT, float MARGINRIGHT, Boolean boldFlag, Boolean italicFlag, Boolean normalFlag      this.FONT  FONT     this.TEXT  TEXT     this.TEXTSIZE  TEXTSIZE     this.TEXTCOLOR  TEXTCOLOR     this.MARGINTOP  MARGINTOP     this.MARGINBOTTOM  MARGINBOTTOM     this.MARGINLEFT  MARGINLEFT     this.MARGINRIGHT  MARGINRIGHT     BoldFlag  boldFlag     ItalicFlag  italicFlag     NormalFlag  normalFlag  codepre  pp  pFrom my activit i want to send ArrayList of Objects of TextViewTable class. I have use the below function to send the ArrayList. But every time I am getting null pointer exception. Please Help to solve this.p  precodepublic void onClickView view              Intent intent  new IntentgetApplicationContext, displayImage.class                     Bundle bundleObject  new Bundle         bundleObject.putSerializablekey, textViewsData          intent.putExtrasbundleObject         try              startActivityintent         catch Exception e             System.out.printlne                codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comUFWtg.png altLogCatp
Negative 110 pI seem to be having an issue with Angularjs using NgRoute to navigate to a page. I have 3 other pages with controllers and they work absolutely fine, however when trying to go the the Dashboard page it only loads the view and not the controller.p  pstrongAngularJS Appstrongp  precodevar app  angular.moduleapp, [ngRoute]  app.configfunction routeProvider       routeProvider.whendashboard,          contoller dashboardController,         templateUrl appviewsdashboard.html,           routeProvider.whenmachines,          controller machineController,         templateUrl appviewsmachines.html,           routeProvider.whendepartments,          controller departmentController,         templateUrl appviewsdepartments.html,           routeProvider.whenusers,          controller userController,         templateUrl appviewsusers.html,           routeProvider.otherwise redirectTo dashboard   codepre  pstrongControllerstrongp  precodeuse strict app.controllerdashboardController, [scope, http, Page, function scope, http, Page      Page.setTitleDashboard  ] codepre  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodelthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml ngappappgt ltheadgt         lt Angular Js gt         ltscript srcjsangular.min.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscript srcjsangularroute.min.jsgtltscriptgt          lt Application gt         ltscript srcappapp.jsgtltscriptgt          lt Controllers gt         ltscript srcappcontrollerspageController.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscript srcappcontrollersdashboardController.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscript srcappcontrollersdepartmentController.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscript srcappcontrollersmachineController.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscript srcappcontrollersuserController.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt codepre  pWhen I debug the controller it doesnt get past the instantiation of the Controller on the second line. Anyone have any ideasp
Negative 110 pI am trying to send a simple HTML mail using Spring 4 and Thymeleaf templates. In my java class I havep  precode  Prepare the evaluation context  final Context ctx  new Contextlocale  ctx.setVariabletoken, token  ctx.setVariableserverUrl, serverUrl   process template  final String htmlContent  templateEngine.processresetPassword, ctx  templateEngine.addTemplateResolveremailTemplateResolver    Prepare message using a Spring helper  final MimeMessage mimeMessage  this.javaMailSender.createMimeMessage  MimeMessageHelper mailMessage  try      mailMessage  new MimeMessageHelpermimeMessage, true, UTF8     mailMessage.setToemail     mailMessage.setSubjectReset password     mailMessage.setFromnoreplysome.co.uk       Create the HTML body using Thymeleaf     mailMessage.setTexthtmlContent, true      this.javaMailSender.sendmimeMessage   catch MessagingException e          logger.errore.toString    codepre  pMy template engine is org.thymeleaf.spring4.SpringTemplateEnginep  pIve also tried assigning a custom template engine configurationp  precodepublic ClassLoaderTemplateResolver emailTemplateResolver     ClassLoaderTemplateResolver emailTemplateResolver  new ClassLoaderTemplateResolver     emailTemplateResolver.setPrefixtemplates     emailTemplateResolver.setSuffix.html     emailTemplateResolver.setTemplateModeHTML5     emailTemplateResolver.setCharacterEncodingUTF8     emailTemplateResolver.setOrder1      return emailTemplateResolver  codepre  pAnd my HTML template contains blocks like this within HTML markupp  precodethhrefserverUrlresetPasswordtokentoken codepre  pI would expect serverUrl and token to evaluate to Context variables, Ive set in java code, but instead I get this within my emailp  precodeserverUrlresetPasswordtokentokenenUS codepre  pIve spent two days reading every single post on the subject and I can say, with absolute assurance, that I am firmly stuck. Any help would be highly appreciated.p  pAlexp
Negative 110 pI have a table with a primary column MatchId, followed by many other columns.p  pUnfortunately, I cant seem to get my insertupdate query right Even if I only want to insert an MatchId Not autoincrement by the way, I get the error Unknown column in field list...p  pHere is my queryp  precodeINSERT INTO stats MatchId VALUES 123456 codepre  pHow do I insert something in this table without getting this errorp
Negative 110 pI am building a simple app that should store the state of a switch  checkbook for a period of seven days. the only issue I have is that the website I am using to build said app doesnt accommodate for local storage on the phones. what is a good yet very simple way to store the switch  checkbook state without doing it through local storage or linking to an online database as I havent the simplest clue of how to manage or set up let alone create a database. code options I have available to work with are HTML, CSS and javascript the website I am using is buildfire.p
Negative 110 pI have a potential customer who wants an application that can download large amounts of TIFF files locally on a machine for display.p  pAfter having discarded Java apps and Windows apps as too difficult to distribute he has no control over the client computers I am suggesting an offline HTML5 application.p  pTIFF is only natively displayed by Safari, and the FileSystem API only works on Google. WebSQL will be too small for the amount of data required 34 GB.p  pIve looked at different plugins AlternaTIFF and BlackIce but both need to be installed separately, which most of the users will probably find difficult to do.p  pI am wondering if there was a local TIFF Viewer that I could call from the browser that would open the TIFF from the FileSystemp  pIf this does not work, the last solution would be a conversion of the TIFFs to something else on the server, but its going to make my database double in volume.p  pAny suggestions would be welcomep  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pThe target computers are not under the control of the client. There is no easy way to distribute the software to all the target computers. Im assuming they are all windows machines, but its no guarantee that .NET is installed.p  pThats the reason I opted for HTML5. At the moment Im considering a Java Application launched with Java Web Application.p  pCustomer has not yet confirmed the type of files they are using.p  pThe customer is in the construction industry, the TIFFs are scans of large plans which I assume will need to be highquality zoomable, printable etc so I dont think a rescaling to JPG will be accepted.p  pstrongSECOND UPDATEstrongp  pIm coming to the conclusion that an HTML5 App is not going to be able to answer all the requirements. In particular there is one requirement that requires a multidocument print select n documents and have them printed out in a batch. Im starting to consider standalone applications that can be deployed and updated easily over a wide range of Windows configurations. Im thinking of a Java Rich Client distribution over Java Web Start or a Microsoft application distributed via oneclickrun. Id simply write the files on the local filesystem and have the client display the images inline. Would that be a good ideap
Negative 110 pIm writing a set of User Defined Functions UDF for Hive in a Java Maven project.p  pIm using maven assembly plugin to generate an uberjar. However, Im also including tons of dependencies Im sure hive already has on its classpath, SLF4j for instance.p  pIs there a simple way tool to know whats already on the hive classpath  Im using HDP 2.2 from Horton Worksp
Negative 110 pI have to find a model that fits a experimental data. The issue is that the model is a complex function. p  pI have to minimize the error between the model and the experimental data, both for the real part and the imaginary part. Im using fminsearch to find the parameters of the function which minimize the error. I have separated the real and imaginary part in order to use that function. p  pMy problem is that I dont know the function of error I have to use. p  pUp to now i have usep  prenorm errorinrealpart2errorinimaginarypart2pre  pbut the obtained model does not satisfy the experimental data at all, at least for the imaginary part. Ive changed the initial conditions several times and its impossible to improve the fit of the imaginary part. The magnitude of the imaginary part is several times less than the real one. That could be the reasonp
Negative 110 pIn codecakephpcode I cant get paginate to work with containable.p  pI followed the docs and I cant get it to work with just 2 tables. Instead I get every associated table.p  pI get this error as wellp  pcodeNotice 8 Indirect modification of overloaded property StudentsControllerpaginate has no effectcodep  pThe code works fine with a find all.p  pa hrefhttpbook.cakephp.org2.0encorelibrariesbehaviorscontainable.htmlusingcontainable relnofollowhttpbook.cakephp.org2.0encorelibrariesbehaviorscontainable.htmlusingcontainableap  precode thisgtStudentgtBehaviorsgtloadContainable              thisgtpaginate[Student]  array                 conditions gt array studentinactive gt false,Student.studentenq gt true  ,                 limitgt10,                  fields gt arrayStudent.id,lastname,firstname   ,                contain gt arrayGuardian gt array                                          fields gt arrayid, guardianemail, guardianfirstname, guardianlastname   ,              order gt Student.id                               st  thisgtpaginateStudent   array     int 0 gt array         Student gt array             id gt 233,             studentinactive gt false,             studentenq gt false,             studentunallocated gt false,             firstname gt Aadil, .....         ,         TutoringType gt array             id gt 1,             value gt Individual Tuition         ,         Referral gt array             id gt 1,             title gt Google  Organic,             details gt          , codepre
Negative 110 pI had developed some APIs in python 2.7 using pyCurl. Today I am migrating to a new server and taking this opportunity to use Python 3 Python 3.4.3 v3.4.39b73f1c3e601, Feb 24 2015, 224306 [MSC v.1600 32 bit Intel] on win32.p  pI ran my 2to3.py code on my python script, but when I run my code I get the below issuep  blockquote   pTypeError string argument expected, got bytes   Traceback most recent call last     File emailauthreporting.py, line 142, in        reporter  Reporter     File dscriptsMalicious email protectionyoulib.py, line 350, in stronginitstrong       self.initsession     File dscriptsMalicious email protectionyoulib.py, line 401, in initsession       self.connection.perform   pycurl.error 23, Failed writing body 0  87p blockquote  pMy code is like thisp  precode  def initsessionself     import pycurl     import io     import re     import json     import urllib.request, urllib.parse, urllib.error       retrieving token     url  httpsmy.agari.comaccountlogin     buffer  io.BytesIO     self.connection.setoptpycurl.PROXY, http...     self.connection.setoptpycurl.PROXYPORT, 8080     self.connection.setoptpycurl.PROXYAUTH, pycurl.HTTPAUTHNTLM     self.connection.setoptpycurl.PROXYUSERPWD, ss  user, pass     self.connection.setoptpycurl.URL, url     self.connection.setoptpycurl.HTTPHEADER, [Accept]     self.connection.setoptpycurl.WRITEFUNCTION, buffer.write     self.connection.setoptpycurl.USERAGENT, Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 WOW64 AppleWebKit537.36 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome37.0.2062.120 Safari537.36     self.connection.setoptpycurl.SSLVERIFYPEER, 0     self.connection.setoptpycurl.SSLVERIFYHOST, 0     self.connection.setoptpycurl.VERBOSE, 0     self.connection.setoptpycurl.COOKIEFILE,      self.connection.perform     data  buffer.getvalue.decodeutf8 codepre  pI understand that with Python 3 it is safer to use BytesIO which I believe is what my code is doing.p  pThank you in advance for your help Kind regards, Julienp
Negative 110 pFor part of a larger project, Ive been trying to create a bot, using Pythons coderequestscode module, to change my password on codereddit.comcode. I can easily submit all the POST data to login, but when it comes to changing the password there are some strange parameters that I dont know how to fill in. p  pLooking at the POST request sent by chrome when I change my password, theres some data called codeuhcode that seems to be a random string of letters and numbers. Below is an screenshot said codeltformgtcode submissionp  pimg srchttppuu.shhjqjz6b05b04451.png altScreenshot. p  pIve tried looking through all the cookies received by chrome, but none of them match. I have noted that the string changes if I reload the page and try submitting again with the the form filled out exactly the same as it was before. If anyone has any idea what this could be, or how to properly set up this POST request with requests, that would be very helpful. Thanksp
Negative 110 pi am following the laracasts tutorial, p  pOver there they had no error during tutorial, But when i am trying to run gulp command i get errorp  precodecxampphtdocsprojectsimsgtgulp cxampphtdocsprojectsimsgulpfile.js16         .publish           TypeError undefined is not a function     at cxampphtdocsprojectsimsgulpfile.js1610     at Elixir cxampphtdocsprojectsimsnodemoduleslaravelelixirindex.js35     at Object.ltanonymousgt cxampphtdocsprojectsimsgulpfile.js141     at Module.compile module.js46026     at Object.Module.extensions..js module.js47810     at Module.load module.js35532     at Function.Module.load module.js31012     at Module.require module.js36517     at require module.js38417     at Liftoff.handleArguments CUserssizzlingAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesgulpbingulp.js1163 codepre  pHere is my gulp filep  precodeelixirfunctionmix      mix.lessapp.less         .publish         jquerydistjquery.min.js,         publicjsvendorjquery.js              .publish         bootstrapdistjsbootstrap.min.js,         publicjsvendorbootstrap.js              .publish         fontawesomecssfontawesome.min.css,         publiccssvendorfontawesome.css              .publish         fontawesomefonts,         publiccssfonts       codepre  pi know i must have done someway wrong but cant find out where did i go wrong Any Help would be appreciated.p
Negative 110 pI have some Haml partials, many of which contain the boilerplatep  pcode.container     .row       .collg12codep  pWhen I try to abstract that out ala code partial sitesectioncode, I getp  precodesyntax error, unexpected keywordend, expecting endofinput endendendend codepre  pIm using ruby 2.2.2.p  pHow do I render a Haml partial within a Haml partial in Middlemanp  pThanksp  pstrongupdatestrong This is apparently some kind of special case dealing with my partial above.  I have other partialswithinpartials rendering just fine.p  pstrongupdatestrong With respect to this a hrefhttpgithub.comchischaschosmiddlemantestthis repoa, the layout would actually bep  psitesectionp  pcode.container     .row       .collg12codep  pnestedsectionp  precode partial sitesection   MOAR nested HAML codepre  pindex.hamlp  pcodepartial nestedsectioncodep
Negative 110 pIve got a couple of codeObservableCollectioncodes that Im showing on a codeCanvascode.p  pOne is an codeObservableCollectionltLineItemgtcode and the other is an codeObservableCollectionltPolygonItemgtcode.  These are properties on a ViewModel that I have set as the DataContext.p  pIve got something like thisp  precodeltGrid xNamecontainergt     ltGrid.Resourcesgt         ltCollectionViewSource xKeyLinesVS SourceBinding PathLineItemsgt         ltCollectionViewSource xKeyPolysVS SourceBinding PathPolygonItemsgt     ltGrid.Resourcesgt     ltItemsControlgt         ltItemsControl.ItemsSourcegt             ltCompositeCollectiongt                 ltCollectionContainer CollectionBinding SourceStaticResource LinesVSgt                 ltCollectionContainer CollectionBinding SourceStaticResource PolygonsVSgt             ltCompositeCollectiongt         ltItemsControl.ItemsSourcegt         ltItemsControl.ItemsPanelgt             ltItemsPanelTemplategt                 ltCanvas xNameMyCanvas                         HeightBinding PathActualHeight, ElementNamecontainer                         WidthBinding PathActualWidth, ElementNamecontainer                         BackgroundLightGray                             gt             ltItemsPanelTemplategt         ltItemsControl.ItemsPanelgt         ltItemsControl.Resourcesgt              ltDataTemplate DataTypexType canvasDemoLineItemgt                 ltLine Y10                           Y2 Binding ElementNameMyCanvas, PathActualHeight                           StrokeThickness1                           StrokeBlack                           gt             ltDataTemplategt             ltDataTemplate DataTypexType canvasDemoPolygonItemgt                 ltPolygon PointsBinding Points                           StrokeThickness1                          FillGreenYellow                           StrokeBlackgt                 ltPolygongt             ltDataTemplategt         ltItemsControl.Resourcesgt         ltItemsControl.ItemContainerStylegt             ltStyle gt                 ltSetter PropertyCanvas.Left ValueBinding Xgt                 ltSetter PropertyCanvas.Top Value0gt             ltStylegt         ltItemsControl.ItemContainerStylegt     ltItemsControlgt ltGridgt codepre  pSo the PolygonItems have an codeObservableCollectionltPointsgtcode while the LineItems essentially just have an X position  the lines are all vertical from 0 to Height.p  pSo what Im seeing is that the Lines all show up but none of the polygons do.  p  pI embelieveem what the problem might be is that codeItemsControl.ItemContainerStylecode section where Ive got the codeCanvas.Leftcode binding to X.  What I belive this is doing is to specify an offset from Left for each item Im drawing.  My PolygonItems dont have an X property.p  pIdeasp  hr  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pSo, I think this is a binding issue because I can specify my polygon points explicitly something like codePoints0,0 0,30 30,30 30,0code and the polygons show up.p  hr  pstrongUpdate 2strongp  pIt was a binding issue as I suspected.  I added a converter to convert an codeObservableCollectionltPointgtcode to a codePointCollectioncode and then my polygons showed up.p
Negative 110 pIm looking for a way to access a control on a subform, currently everything I have tried gives me an error of cannot find. p  blockquote   pmy main form frmView contains the subform subformView2p      psubformView2 contains a tab containerp      pthe tab container contains yet another subform subformView3 on the   first tabp      pSeparate form frmAnswersp blockquote  pI need to access a control on subformView3 in order to insert information obtained from frmAnswers.p  pIve triedp  precodeme.subformview3frmViewcontrol1 me.subformview3subformview2subformView3control1 codepre
Negative 110 pI am  creating  a table  named  Task with four  columns by taking  a  new classp  precode public sealed class Task       [PrimaryKey, AutoIncrement]     public int Id  get set       public string FirstName  get set       public string LastName  get set       public DateTime CreationDate  get set    codepre  pTo  insert  single  row..i  followed  this..it  working  perfectly  p  precodeprivate void InsertClickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e                  using var db  new SQLiteConnectionDBPATH                       db.RunInTransaction gt                              db.Insertnew Task  Id  1, FirstName  Ken, LastName  d1[2], CreationDate  DateTime.Now                             codepre  p..but  in  my  requirement ..i  have  to  insert  multiple rows  at  a  time..i tried  the  following. p  precodeprivate void InsertClickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e    perfectly  working              using var db  new SQLiteConnectionDBPATH                       db.RunInTransaction gt                              db.Insertnew Task  Id  1, FirstName  Ken, LastName  d1[2], CreationDate  DateTime.Now                   db.Insertnew Task  Id  2, FirstName  Justin, LastName  Bieber, CreationDate  DateTime.Now                   db.Insertnew Task  Id  3, FirstName  king, LastName  john, CreationDate  DateTime.Now                              codepre  pwhen  i   followed  this,no  error  popped..but   only    first  row  is  inserting..  no  sign  of  second  row  details.. please  help me  in this  regard..p
Negative 110 pso I am new to UNITY and programming stuff.  I have to make a game for college and I am not 100 sure about how to do some things in it. I will try explain as best I can sorry. So basically I am making a first person hack and slash game. I have made a graveyard as the first area and I plan to have you start there with enemies to fight. The parts I am stuck on are that I imported an asset from the store which was a skeleton with animations included. He has 7 animations, for things like idle walking attacking etc. This is all fine but what I am unsure how to do is write code that allows the skeleton to chase me on sight and when close enough to play the attack animation. Currently all he does is remain on idle..i do not know how to change this through code to play the appropriate animation. Could anyone show me and explain in a simple way the code I should use to allow the skeleton to behave like an enemy youd expect please Also please not I have searched YouTube, Unity website and this website for help with this and a lot of the relevant topics are by advanced enough users and I dont get what they do be talking about half the time. Any answers would be greatly appreciated as I am under pressure and simply cannot get my head around some of the stuff and the projects my main one this year. Also sorry if I left out anything that may be important p
Negative 110 pI have a bug in my JavaScript that I have tried to fix.p  pMY Chrome says codeUncaught TypeError jQuery....chosen is not a functioncodep  precodejQuerydocument.readyfunction     jQueryselect.scanaction.chosen   jQuerybarcodescanform inputscancode.focusfunction       jQuerythis.select      jQuerybarcodescanform inputscancode.scannerDetectionfunction       jQuerybarcodescanform form.submit      jQuerybarcodescanform form.submitfunction e      e.preventDefault     jQuerybarcodescanloader.show     jQuerybarcodescanresult.html     var t  jQuerybarcodescanform inputscancode.val,     n  jQuerybarcodescanform scanaction.val     jQuery.postwcorderbarcodes.ajaxurl,        action scanbarcode,       barcodeinput t,       scanaction n,       woocommerceorderbarcodesscannonce wcorderbarcodes.scannonce     .donefunction e        jQuerybarcodescanform inputscancode.focus       if e return       jQuerybarcodescanloader.hide       jQuerybarcodescanresult.htmle          codepre  pHow do I fix this p
Negative 110 pThe errorp  precodeUnicodeDecodeError ascii codec cant decode byte 0xe5 in position 0 ordinal not in range128.  codepre  pThe codep  precodelookup  mako.lookup.TemplateLookupdirectories[templatepath] , inputencodingutf8, outputencodingutf8, encodingerrorsreplace   template  lookup.gettemplatefilename  template.renderkwargs codepre  pHave to manually cast to utf8 characters can, which is mako birth defectsp
Negative 110 pIm starting to get more into ClojureJava interop.  If I create a Java class in Clojure, I need to import it, but if I merely use fields or methods of a class, I dont have to import it. For examplep  precodens students.Student   import [sim.util Double2D]  defn step   [this students]   students is a students.Students, extends sim.engine.SimState   let [yard .yard students  a sim.field.continuous.Continuous2D         yardwidth .width yard         yardheight .height yard]     .setObjectLocation yard this Double2D.  yardheight 2  yardwidth 2 codepre  pThis wont compile without importing codeDouble2Dcode, because the code creates a codeDouble2Dcode instance.  p  pHowever, the fact that I access the codeyardcode field and codesetObjectLocationcode method of a codeStudentscode instance, and the codewidthcode and codeheightcode fields of a codeContinuous2Dcode instance causes no problems, even though I dont import the codeStudentscode or codeContinuous2Dcode classes.p  pDoes this mean that Clojure is using reflection at runtime to access Java fields and methods  Is that inefficient  If I need speed in a function, could it be advantageous to add type declarations for the Java classes, along the missing import statements  Would that prevent reflectionp  p[EDIT As my second comment on Arthur Ulfeldts answer suggests, I now think that any inefficiencies that come from not knowing classes at compile time are likely to be not very different from inefficiencies that come from the fact that functions are contained in variables.  If I was worried about emthatem, Id forget about Clojure and program in pure Java emmaybeem, instead of trying to use Java libs from Clojure.  For me, a world in which I can use Clojure instead of Java is a better one.]p
Negative 110 pI have thisp  precodevar MyText  new TextBlock MyText.Text  blah MyText.Style     codepre  pIn XAML, I can set a style like thisp  precodeltTextBlock Textblah StyleThemeResource ListViewItemTextBlockStylegt codepre  pBut how do I do that in Cp  pstrongEDITstrongp  precodeError   1   Windows.UI.Xaml.Application does not contain a definition for FindResource and no extension method FindResource accepting a first argument of type Windows.UI.Xaml.Application could be found are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference Error   1   Geodropper.HubPage does not contain a definition for FindResource and no extension method FindResource accepting a first argument of type Geodropper.HubPage could be found are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference codepre  pWhen I tried codeStylethis.FindResourceListViewItemTextBlockStylecode and codeStyleApp.Current.FindResourceListViewItemTextBlockStylecode I got these errors.p
Negative 110 pThe following class is failing with ZipArchive error 23  Entry has been deleted when attempting to add a new empty dir that is nested in another added empty dir. Exp  precodedir1     file1     file2     ... codepre  pworks just fine, but something likep  precodedir1     dir2         file1         ...     file1     file1     ... codepre  pwill fail when attempting to add codedir1dir2code.p  pstrongDownloader Classstrongp  precodeclass Downloader       var path, tmp, zip, txt, selected      function constructselected          global webroot          thisgtpath  webroot.downloads         thisgttmp  tempnam..tmp, dln         thisgtzip  new ZipArchive         thisgtzipgtopenthisgttmp, ZipArchiveOVERWRITE         thisgttxt           thisgtselected  selected           public function inclfilename          thisgtzipgtaddFilethisgtpath.name, name           public function incldirname          thisgtzipgtaddEmptyDirname         files  new DirectoryIteratorthisgtpath.name.         foreach files as file              if filegtisDot                  if filegtisDir                      thisgtincldirname..filegtgetFilename                  else                      thisgtinclfilename..filegtgetFilename                                                  public function downloaddownloadObj          selected  pregsplit,, thisgtselected         foreach selected as name              thisgttxt . filegetcontentsthisgtpath.name..snip              foreach downloadObjgtfiles as file                  if name  filegtname                       check to see if there are files to include                     if strlenfilegtinclfiles gt 0                           if so, get include directories                         incldirs  pregsplit,, filegtincldir                          iterate include directories                         foreach incldirs as dir                               get include file groups                             inclfilegroups  pregsplit,, filegtinclfiles                              iterate include file groups                             foreach inclfilegroups as group                                   get individual include files                                 inclfiles  pregsplit, group                                  iterate individual include files                                 foreach inclfiles as f                                       check to see if all files in include dir should be inserted                                     if f                                            thisgtincldirdir                                      else                                          path                                           if dir                                                path  f                                          else                                              path . dir..f                                                                                  thisgtinclfilepath                                                                                                                                                                                                 thisgttxt  filegetcontentsthisgtpath.header.inc.thisgttxt.filegetcontentsthisgtpath.footer.inc         thisgtzipgtaddFromStringDownloadTemplate.xml, thisgttxt         thisgtzipgtclose         filename  MyDownload.zip         headerExpires Mon, 26 Jul 1997 050000 GMT         headerLastModified  . gmdateD,d M YHis .  GMT         headerCacheControl nocache, mustrevalidate         headerPragma nocache         headerContenttype applicationzip         headerContentDisposition attachment filename.filename         headerContentTransferEncoding binary         readfilethisgttmp         unlinkthisgttmp       codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to communicate between the popup.js file and the background.js file for a chrome extension. However when retrieving information using the chrome storage, the execution of the callback no longer is received by the client popup.jsp  pwithin the background.js file.p  precodefunction getTotalscallback   chrome.storage.sync.getLMSCats, functiondata     callbackresults data  does not work      chrome.runtime.onMessage.addListener   functionrequest, sender, sendResponse       sendResponsemessage hi works     getTotalssendResponse     codepre  pWithin the popup.js referenced from the popup.html filep  precodechrome.runtime.sendMessageaction total, functiondata     console.logdata  codepre  pI am not sure if Im missing something from the documentation so any help will be appreciated. I came across a hrefhttpsdeveloper.chrome.comextensionsruntimeeventonMessage relnofollowchrome extension onMessagea however I wasnt sure if this is related or how to get around this.p
Negative 110 pOk, using the latest version of a hrefhttpgetbootstrap.com relnofollowBootstrapap  pTrying to set a column in my ROR application to a background color.p  pHere is the code its in HAMLp  precode.row.testing   .collg2      render blahblahtesting      yield sidebar   .collg10      yield codepre  pI am trying to have the codecollg2code column display a background color in its entirety regardless of how many rows there are, otherwise it stops when the last row stops.p  pThe height is dynamic. And the width is set by bootstrap. And I dont think I can use table settings to set the columns background because that seems to rely on fixed measurementsp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pHave simplified this question extensively . p
Negative 110 pI want to plot sinusoidal waveforms of the signals using MATLAB. I have added my code. I want to get proper sine waveforms for signals xt,yt,zt and mt.p  pWaveform of xt is somewhat look perfect but for others strongthe top and bottom end part are not sinusoidalstrong if you zoom it to some extent they look like triangular or spikes.p  pWhat corrections are required in the code partp  precodeclc clear all close all  figure, w00.02pi x10sin10w subplot2,2,1, plotw,x,grid on titlext xlabelt ylabelxt  figure, w00.02pi y20sin20w subplot2,2,2, plotw,y,grid on titleyt xlabelt ylabelyt  figure, w00.02pi z30sin30w subplot2,2,3, plotw,z,grid on titlezt xlabelt ylabelzt  figure, w00.02pi m10sin10w20sin20w30sin30w plotw,m,grid on titlemt xlabelt ylabelmt codepre
Negative 110 pI have a problem when trying to convert my HTML into PDF using MPDF in this case I am using Code Igniter version 2.2. In codeviewcode, I am using codeforeachcode to codeechocode value from database. Heres look at my code.p  pView File home.phpp  precodeltphp indeks  0 foreach jmlKaryawan as jml  gt codepre  pControllerp  precodepublic function cetaktahun, bulan      inisetmemorylimit, 32M     thisgtloadgtmodelmkaryawan     data[results]  thisgtmkaryawangtgetKaryawantahun, bulangtresult     data[jmlKaryawan]  thisgtmkaryawangtgetJumlahKaryawangtresult     load the view and saved it into html variable     html  thisgtloadgtviewhome, , true     this the the PDF filename that user will get to download     pdfFilePath  datedefaulttimezoneget . .pdf     load mPDF library     thisgtloadgtlibrarympdf     pdf  thisgtmpdfgtload     pdfgtWriteHTMLhtml      pdfgtOutputpdfFilePath, D  codepre  pBut my PDF output was like this.p  precodeA PHP Error was encountered Severity Notice Message Undefined variable jmlKaryawan Filename viewshome.php Line Number 43  A PHP Error was encountered Severity Warning Message Invalid argument supplied for foreach Filename viewshome.php Line Number 43 codepre  pCan anybody help me how to solve it, I will very appreciate that. Thanksp
Negative 110 pFolks,    Im doing a simple Cordova 5.0.0  build on IOS Yosemite 10.10.2. My application before build has this directory structurep  precodebutton config.xml hooks README.md www css index.css index.html js index.js codepre  pI do the normalp  precodecordova platform add iOS cordova build cordova run codepre  pAll runs fine. I see the desired results in the iOS emulator. I can also use Xcode to deploy to my phonetablet. The trouble started when I try to edit the index.js  to change the behavior. I can edit the index.html and index.css files and see the changes I would expect. The trouble is , Nothing I do in index.js seems to effect the results.. I have verified the copies of index.js in all the following places reflect my changep  precode.platformsiosbuildemulatorButton.appwwwjsindex.js .platformsioswwwjsindex.js .wwwjsindex.js codepre  pIve even introduced intentional garbage in all the copies to make sure they are all wrong.. but when I dop  precodecordova run codepre  pit still reflects the old behavior before changes to index.js. Ive read up on similar problems here and have tried various ways of changing the caching  behavior in the html. but no dice. p  pDoes anyone have any ideas here Thanksp
Negative 110 pThread.Join and waitHandle.WaitOne, both of them force the calling thread to wait. Until the thread has finished executing and until the waitHandle.Set is called respectively.p  pBut is there any difference between the 2 besides thisp
Negative 110 pIm making a C app to monitor some stuff in SQL. I use a background worker to pick up SQL data then build some charts based on the data. Pretty basic. However theres one frustrating thing about this. Using Thread.Sleep in the worker completely locks up the UI. No loading gif, inputs dont register, nada. This is very odd behavior to me because from what I read about the background worker use cases, it should run on its own thread, COMPLETELY separate from the UI. So what gives What can I use in place of this Heres my background worker codep  precodeprivate void BackgroundWorkerDoWorkobject sender, DoWorkEventArgs e              if CollectionCanceled             return          Get data from SQL DB         var jobService  serviceFactory.CreateJobService         var jobs  jobService.GetAllJobstrue         backgroundWorker1.ReportProgress0, jobs           private void BackgroundWorkerProgressChangedobject sender, ProgressChangedEventArgs e              var allJobs  e.UserState as IListltJobgt         if allJobs  null  CollectionCanceled             return          Build collection         Dictionaryltstring, Dictionaryltstring, intgtgt details  new Dictionaryltstring, Dictionaryltstring, intgtgt         foreach var job in allJobs                      var overViewKey  job.State.ToString             var detailKey  string.Format0 1, job.Name, job.Type              if details.ContainsKeyoverViewKey                 details.AddoverViewKey, new Dictionaryltstring, intgt             if details[overViewKey].ContainsKeydetailKey                 details[overViewKey].AdddetailKey, 0              details[overViewKey][detailKey]                   Build charts         Overview.Series.Clear         Detailed.Series.Clear         Overview.Series.AddJobs         Detailed.Series.AddJobs          foreach var runniningOrEnqueued in details                      Overview.Series[Jobs].Points.AddXYrunniningOrEnqueued.Key, runniningOrEnqueued.Value.Count             foreach var jobDetail in runniningOrEnqueued.Value                 Detailed.Series[Jobs].Points.AddXYjobDetail.Key, jobDetail.Value                  Stop for however many secs the user specified          Thread.SleepintTimeSpan.FromSecondsWaitTimer.TotalMilliseconds           private void BackgroundWorkerRunWorkerCompletedobject sender, RunWorkerCompletedEventArgs e              if CollectionCanceled                      ExecuteBackGroundWork                  else                      CollectionCanceled  false                    private void ExecuteBackGroundWork              backgroundWorker1.RunWorkerAsync      codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to upload a file to a remote server using PHP codemoveuploadedfilecode but the file is not showing in my directory on the server. Ive checked my code plenty but I cannot seem to find the error. This is my code.p  precodepid  mysqlinsertid newname  pid.jpg uploaddir  ..inventoryimagesnewname tmp  FILES[fileField][tmpname] moveuploadedfile tmp, uploaddir codepre  pThanks.p  pI ran the given code codeecho ltpregt vardumpFILES exitcode and this is the outputp  precodearray1    [fileField]gt   array5      [name]gt     string11 101656b.jpg     [type]gt     string10 imagejpeg     [tmpname]gt     string14 tmpphpZopcDK     [error]gt     int0     [size]gt     int16652     codepre
Negative 110 pActually I have some code that fails with this exception p  pFirst excepction of type System.Data.Entity.Infrastructure.CommitFailedException at EntityFramework.SqlServer.dllp  pThis exception avoid to save the changes at my DB, but doesnt throw any exeption in my code. It Just apears at Results output window when Im debuging.p  pSome things I tryed... p  precodeTry     dbContext.SaveChanges  catchException ex       It never stosp Here    var somethingshere  ex.message    codepre  pBut doesnt stop and doesnt throw any other error.p  pHow can I do to catch it and see the exception details  p  pstrongNOTEstrong Im usign EF 6.1 and .NET 4.5. p
Negative 110 pIm intercepting a Web API 2 pipeline at the call to OnActionExecuted.  Here, Im turning the object returned by the action into an ExpandoObject, recursively i.e any properties on the object that are themselves objects also get turned into ExpandoObjects, and so on down the hierarchy.p  pIt XML serializes OK, but only as a dictionary presumably because ExpandoObject implements IDictionary, and it just pulls the keys and values from that.  Id rather see it serialize as though it were an object with properties, not as a bunch of keyvalue pairs.p  pAny way to do this without authoring my own XML serializerp
Negative 110 pWe have a team of around 10 developers working on a new product.p  pWe have split this product into two team projects on Visual Studio Online.  Developers can work on both projects during any one sprint. Although we have two team projects, the entire team works together as one agile unit.p  pstrongWhy did we do thisstrongp  ul liWe want separate product backlogsli liEach project has their own Product Ownerli ul  pstrongBut this has led to two problemsstrongp  ul liWe have two burn downs, which can make it difficult to track team progress.li liWe have to split individuals capacity between two projects, which is not easy to do in Sprint Planning and also makes it difficult to track individual progress.li ul  pI feel like this may be a common problem. Does anyone have experience here Any suggestionsp
Negative 110 pMy requirement is to get the post clicks count of a post made in Facebookwall or page using Graph API v2.3.p  pPlease suggestp
Negative 110 pI have installed strongSolrstrong on strongremote serverstrong and started on strongport 8983strong. Now, I have bind my stronglocal machine port 8983strong with strongremote server 8983strong of Solr using strongssh Ubuntu OSstrong. When I am strongrequestingstrong on strongSolrstrong for getting the strongsuggestionsstrong on remote server through local machine strongcallsstrong. Sometimes it gives strongresponsestrong, sometimes strongdoesntstrong.p  pI am not able to detect the problem that why is it so Is it remote server binding issue  OR Solr went down  I am not getting the problem.p  pTo detect the problem, I ran a strongcrontabstrong job using strongtelnetstrong command to strongcheck existence of port 8983 of Solrstrong. It is strongworking finestrong without throwing any connection refused error. I am strongnotstrong able to detect the problem. p
Negative 110 pIam new in spring social framework and faced on difficult problem. Need to restore sessions with socials Twitter, LinkedIn by their tokens. But dont know how exactly. I use the way f.e LinkedInp  precode  AccessGrant accessGrant  new AccessGrantsocialTokenData.getAuthToken   final ConnectionltLinkedIngt connection  BaseApplication.linkedInConnectionFactory.createConnectionaccessGrant codepre  pbut second line throws exception org.springframework.social.NotAuthorizedException Invalid access token. Someone, please, help me to restore session. After success login to social I save Token and  I take it from sharedPreference when app starts again... Googling not helps.p
Negative 110 pHow do I make a column in a database table based on the values of other columns For example I want to make a column named fullname and I want the row values for it to be from firstname and lastname. For the first row  firstname Bob and lastnameJones. How do I make it so that fullname gets Bob Jones as its value I prefer it done in one command if possible.p
Negative 110 pI have one problem for update in Cassandra with java. Have 3 server in cluster, where your IPs arep  ol li192.168.1.8li li192.168.1.9li li192.168.1.10li ol  pFor the connection I use IP 192.168.1.8 from  this codep  precodeCluster cluster  Cluster.builder.addContactPoint192.168.1.8.build      Session session  cluster.connectnfe      ListltStringgt chaves  new ArrayListltStringgt      chaves.add1     chaves.add2     chaves.add3     chaves.add4     chaves.add5     chaves.add6     chaves.add7     chaves.add8     chaves.add9     chaves.add10      MapltString, ObjTestegt teste  new HashMapltString, ObjTestegt      for String chave  chaves           Assignment set  setSTATUSMANIFESTACAO, 1         Statement update  updatenfe, xmldev.withset.whereeqCHAVE, chave         session.executeupdate         session2.executeupdate         session3.executeupdate            session.close     cluster.close codepre  pThis mode does not update any keys spent to upgrade. if I use it in this way it worksp  precode    Cluster cluster  Cluster.builder.addContactPoint192.168.1.8.build     Cluster cluster2  Cluster.builder.addContactPoints192.168.1.10.build     Cluster cluster3  Cluster.builder.addContactPoints192.168.1.9,192.168.1.10.build       Session session  cluster.connectnfe     Session session2  cluster2.connectnfe     Session session3  cluster3.connectnfe      ListltStringgt chaves  new ArrayListltStringgt      chaves.add1     chaves.add2     chaves.add3     chaves.add4     chaves.add5     chaves.add6     chaves.add7     chaves.add8     chaves.add9     chaves.add10      MapltString, ObjTestegt teste  new HashMapltString, ObjTestegt      for String chave  chaves           Assignment set  setSTATUSMANIFESTACAO, 1         Statement update  updatenfe, xmldev.withset.whereeqCHAVE, chave         session.executeupdate         session2.executeupdate         session3.executeupdate           session.close     cluster.close codepre  pHave one method for not utilize much session and utilize one Sessions for update in all keysp
Negative 110 pI am new in cocos2dx development.I almost learn all basic level of cocos2dx version 3.3 in android using cpp language. I showing that there are lots of update over cocos2dx.org.p  pIn android I am currently developing the tetris game using cocos2dx version 3.3, I want to know what is the best way to achieve awesome animation such like ticking bombs, bomb explosion, spinning game score display, popping up and disappearing balloons with game score increments. I was wondering about animation implementation cocos2dx in android using c. We also need to make game that support the multiscreen support, I had search lots all these points could not able to find much information over the google.p  pI show sonar system support nicely for beginner level, we really appreciate it , I had watched all videos shared by sonar system over the YouTube. I learn lot over there. I want to know the advance level animation in android in cocos2dx.p  pWe looking any help will appreciate.p  pThank youp
Negative 110 pGenerally, how would you dispose of a UITabBarController completely  For the most part, Im thinking of just disposing all of its ViewControllers, their contents, and then calling RemoveFromParentViewController and Dispose.  Is there anything else I should be doing  Lets assume that Ive already disposed of the contents in the ViewControllers...p  pHeres what Im doingp  precode            if this.TabBarController  null                                                     foreach UIViewController viewController in this.TabBarController.ViewControllers                                       Dispose of all the Tab bar controllers other UIViewControllers and their content                                    Dispose of the TabBarController itself                 this.TabBarController.RemoveFromParentViewController                  this.TabBarController.Dispose                  this.TabBarController  null              codepre
Negative 110 pI am trying to use gunicorn to send a utf8 encoded string, which is the result a bz2 compression, as the response to a get request. p  pHere is my code on gunicorn server sidep  precodedef appenviron, startresponse     data  Hello, World  10     compresseddata  bz2.compressdata     startresponse200 OK, [ContentType, textplain,                               charset, utf8,                               ContentLength, strlencompresseddata,                               AccessControlAllowHeaders, ,                               AccessControlAllowOrigin, ,                                ContentTransferEncoding, BASE64,                           ]     return iter[compresseddata] codepre  pand when I try to get the request from client side using Python requests package like thisp  precodeimport bz2 import requests res  requests.gethttp127.0.0.18000 bz2.decompressres.text codepre  pit is raising an exception p  precodeUnicodeEncodeError ascii codec cant encode character uxab in position 11 ordinal not in range128 codepre  psaying the response cant not be decoded when trying to print the text of responsep  precodeprintres.text gtgtuBZh91AYampSYyxabmx99x00x00x13x97x80x04x00x00x80x06x04x90x00 x00xa5Pxd0xdax10x03x0exd3xd4xdai4x9bOx93x13x13xc2bx9cx17rE8Px90yxabmx99 codepre  pwhen printing the encoded text p  precodeimport bz2 printbz2.compressHello, World  10 gtgt BZh91AYampSYyxabmx99x00x00x13x97x80x04x00x00x80x06x04x90x00 x00xa5Pxd0xdax10x03x0exd3xd4xdai4x9bOx93x13x13xc2bx9cx17rE8Px90yxabmx99 codepre  pthe only difference is the unicode sign, I am solving this issue by tweaking the data on the client side to make the response string decodeable, but I am wondering how I can solve this problem on the server sidep
Negative 110 pSuppose I have a reference codeacode of type codeamp[T]code. How can I get a reference to a subslice of codeacode For a concrete example, let us say to the first and second halves of codeacode, provided codea.lencode is evenp
Negative 110 pI have a margin between the images and the Share us and I dont really know where it comes from. img a hrefhttpsliko.tinytake.comsfMTU4MjUyXzk4ODk1MA relnofollowhttpsliko.tinytake.comsfMTU4MjUyXzk4ODk1MAap  pMy HTML5 codep  precodeltdiv idsocailMediagt    ltpgtFollow usltpgt    ltdiv idfollowImggt        ltimg srcsocailMediafacebook.png altfollowFacebookgt        ltimg srcsocailMediatwitter.png altfollowTwittergt        ltimg srcsocailMediainstagram.png altfollowInstagramgt        ltimg srcsocailMediapinterest.png altfollowPinterestgt        ltimg srcsocailMediagoogle.png altfollowGooglegt     ltdivgt     ltpgtShare usltpgt ltdivgt codepre  pMy CSS codep  precodesocailMedia     color939393     width 350     floatleft     marginleft 20  socailMedia p       margin 0        backgroundcolor red  followImg img     backgroundcolor red     height 35     padding0     margin 0  codepre
Negative 110 pI cant find any solution for my issue. Many Ive tried doesnt work. Could someone help me p  pI have a JSON like thisp  precode device    sdkrevision dev,   sdktype android,   appid 0518101906,   appversion 0.0.0 , request   codepre  pin my request step in soapUI RestProject.p  pId like to change the codeappidcode value in this JSON, so in my groovy script I dop  precodeimport groovy.json.JsonSlurper  def today  new Date appId  today.formatMMddHHmmss  def extractSelectionJsonString from      def slurper  new JsonSlurper     def holderData  slurper.parseTextcontext.expand from Request  appIdKey  holderData[device][appid] appIdKey  appId   extractSelectionJsonSessionCreate codepre  pcodeappIdcode changed only locally, at my json request I have still codeappid 0518101906code although Ive tried codesetPropertyValuecode, codeupdatePropertycode maybe not right way.p
Negative 110 pI am just curious on how Bean Validator is implemented.p  pAs the title says, how does codeMincode checks whether the data type of the target parameter is integerp
Negative 110 pI want to use shaders to use in WebGL and specifically three.js. Is there a specific version of GLSL that WebGL and three.js usesp
Negative 110 pIve got two custom post types, for example Cars and Bikes. Ive used Wordpresss default category to categorise the posts from the two post types. Lets say for example the categories are Red, Blue and Black.p  pWhat Im trying to achieve here is that when I go to the category page for Red, I want to see the Cars and the Bikes that are categorised under Red. Im using the category.php and this is the query that Im trying to runp  precodecarargs  array                     postsperpage   gt 1,                     orderby          gt date,                     order            gt DESC,                     posttype        gt cars,                     poststatus      gt publish,                     cat              gt cat                                    The Query                 carquery  new WPQuery carargs                    The Loop                 if  carquery gthaveposts                   echo lth3gtCarslth3gt                     while  carquerygthaveposts                           carquerygtthepost                         echo getposttype . lta href. getpermalink .gt . getthetitle . ltagtltbr gt                                       else                       no posts found                   bikesargs  array                     postsperpage   gt 1,                     orderby          gt date,                     order            gt DESC,                     posttype        gt bikes,                     poststatus      gt publish,                     cat              gt cat                                    The Query                 bikesquery  new WPQuery bikesargs                    The Loop                 if  bikesquery gthaveposts                   echo lth3gtBikeslth3gt                     while  bikesquerygthaveposts                           bikesquerygtthepost                         echo getposttype . lta href. getpermalink .gt . getthetitle . ltagtltbr gt                                       else                       no posts found                                    Restore original Post Data                  wpresetpostdata codepre  pThe cat in the query gets the category id of Red category. Both these queries are correctly restricting the posts by the Red category but posts from both the Cars post type and Bikes post type are showing up even though Ive tried to restrict by post type. Ive read in a few articles that Wordpress ignores the post type args on the category page. Is this true and if it is, is there a workaround for thisp
Negative 110 pIm facing a problem with Alfresco and Python  I want to upload a new file directly with Python. Each time I try I get a HTTP 500 error with no details ... p  pI first try with CURL just to be sure that it works and the file is uploaded without problems. p  pI used the following curl command linep  precodeurl X POST uadminadmin httplocalhost8080alfrescoserviceapiupload F filedatatmpeeeeee.pdf F siteidtest F containeriddocumentLibrary codepre  pIn my Python script I tried PyCurl and now the simple urllib. I think the problem come from the way the file is given as parameter.p  pPython code using PyCurl p  precodec  pycurl.Curl params  containerid documentLibrary, siteid test, filedata opentmpeeeeee.pdf, rb c.setoptc.URL, httplocalhost8080alfrescoserviceapiupload c.setoptc.POST, 1 c.setoptc.POSTFIELDS, urllib.urlencodeparams c.setoptc.USERPWD, adminadmin c.perform codepre  pThis code sample leads to  p  precode      code  500,     name  Internal Error,     description  An error inside the HTTP server which prevented it from fulfilling the request.   ,      message  04200017 Unexpected error occurred during upload of new content. codepre  pDoes someone know how to achieve thatp
Negative 110 pI have a task to migrate an Excel MacroWhich basically does screen scraping to a COBOL program.p  pProblem is that the user wants to give the input in excel format , I am stumped as to how to convert an excel file as a readable input to a TN3270 Mainframe system.p  pSome have suggested to do something called as flat file conversion which I am not sure how to do.p  pIs there a easier method to extract inputs from an Excel spreadsheet to run a COBOL program on a TN3270 Mainframe.p  pThe below is the screenshot of the tool which is to be converted.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6Z54j.png altenter image description herep  pAccording to my knowledge, we can convert it into a flat file and read the strings using delimiter but I want to know if there is a better way.p
Negative 110 pThe site I am working on is using a .net Soap web service for getting data. The initial call returns XML that contains a base64 encoded string. I am able to isolate that string by using codelastResponse  clientgtgetLastResponsecode When I use vardump on the last response variable I get some thing like  codestring10139 77uPD94bWwgdmV...codep  pWhen I use echo I get 77uPD94bWwgdmV... without the string10139 to start. I have tried to place the lastResponse variable into the codebase64decodecode function but it returns nothing at all, not even NULL. I have also tried to split the string first to remove the 77u from the start and that does not work at all. p  precode    lastResponse  clientgtgetLastResponse      splitResponse  pregsplit, lastResponse      echo base64decodelastResponse      echo base64decodesplitResponse[1]      vardumpsplitResponse[1]      vardumpbase64decodesplitResponse[1]      echo lastResponse codepre  pThe code above returns this to the browserp  precode    string0  string0  77uPD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0.... codepre  pBut when I copypaste everything after the 77u into an only decoder I get the decoded xml that I am supposed to have returned to me. I am very confused as to what I am missing here any help will be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 110 pMy problem is that when I try to convert XML to JSON, it doesnt show the attributes except for one. p  pHere is my codep  precodeltphp urlwrite.xml  fileContents filegetcontentsurl      fileContents  strreplacearrayn, r, t, , fileContents          fileContents  trimstrreplace, , fileContents          simpleXml  simplexmlloadstringfileContents          json  jsonencodesimpleXml print json gt codepre  pAnd here is my codewrite.xmlcode filep  precode ltxml version1.0gt     ltinformationgt       lthistory PlacenameRohtasFortgt         ltwikigtRohtas Fort is a historical garrison fort located near the city of Jhelum in Punjab, Pakistan. It was built by Raja Todar Mal, under the orders of the Afghan king Sher Shah Suri, to subdue the rebellious tribes of the northern Punjab region, in the 16th century. This fort is about 4 km in circumferenceltwikigt         ltyear y1555gtThe Rohtas fort was built to crush the local tribes of Potohar, who rebelled against the Sur dynasty after the Mughal emperor Humayun was ousted by the former.     It took eight years to built the fort, it was captured by Mughal emperor Humayun in 1555.The Rohtas fort was built to crush the local tribes of Potohar, who rebelled against the Sur dynasty after the Mughal emperor Humayun was ousted by the former.     It took eight years to built the fort, it was captured by Mughal emperor Humayun in 1555.ltyeargt         ltyear y2005gtIn the portions that have fallen away one can still see some part of the original construction.     The central archway of the Chandwali Gate has been rebuilt recently so that is the only ampx201Cfakeampx201D part of the fort.     In early 2005, seepage, heavy rains, and general neglect caused the left inner face of the Talaqi Gate to collapse, and the right flank and foundation to become detached from the original structure.     The Gatali Gate forms one of the original entrances to Rohtasltyeargt         ltyear y1997gtOver time, its right bastion and supporting wall have collapsed as a result of permeated rainwater and the erosion of its foundations.        World Heritage Site      Qila Rohtas was designated a World Heritage Site in 1997...It is undertaking the following projects in conjunction with the Royal Norwegian Embassy.     Complete restoration of Shah Chandwali Gate     Conservation of Haveli Man Singh     Conservation of Talaqi Gate and Gatali Gate     Establishment of Sher Shah Suri Museum in upper storey of Sohail Gate     Improvement of quality of life in Rohtas Fort village        Nearby places of historical significance       Outside the Langar Khani Gate is the tomb of a lady called Khair Un Nisa.She was the daughter of the food minister named Qadir Bukhsh.She died here and was buried in this tomb but she was later moved to Sasaram.     Until the construction of the new Grand Trunk Road, Rohtas was a halting place on the main PeshawarLahore road.This road had serais about a mile apart.One of these is about one mile north of the Rohtas Fort.It is in a fair state of preservation.        How to visit         From Islamabad      The dualcarriage Grand Trunk Road takes you past Gujar Khan and Sohawa, to the small town of Dina 130 km away.Just past Dina you will drive over a railway overpass, stay to the right of the road and take the first Uturn to drive back towards Dina.After about 100 meters to your left you will find a signpost, which indicates the way towards the road leading to Rohtas Fort which is 8 km away, past the small holy village of Muftian home to the Mufti Tribe.Drive on the road to enter into the fort and keep driving till you reach the parking area.        From Lahore      Drive on G.T road past Gujranwala, Wazirabad and the city of Jhelum.About 10 minutes drive beyond the Jhelum bridge just short of the city of Dina, you will find a signpost to the left directing you to Rohtas Fort.        Gallery ltyeargt         ltimagegthttpcdn.shopify.comsfiles100152602productsReggieandtheFullEffectNoCountryforOldMusicians560x5601024x1024.jpgv1385489227ltimagegt         ltimagegthttpi.telegraph.co.ukmultimediaarchive02537elderly2537613b.jpgltimagegt         ltimagegthttpthumb101.shutterstock.comdisplaypicwithlogo3391176510147stockphotofulllengthportraitofanoldmanwithcanegesturingwithhandisolatedonwhitebackground176510147.jpgltimagegt         ltimagegthttpss3.amazonaws.commedia.wbur.orgwordpress11files2015040423fullhouse.jpgltimagegt         ltimage y1888gthttpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons339Poison,aCheyennewomanalmost100yearsold,fulllength,seated,1888NARA530905.jpgltimagegt         ltimage y2008gthttpi.dailymail.co.ukipix20081227article110201702E58EE0000005DC791233x405.jpgltimagegt         ltimage y2011gthttpnews.fulltiltboots.comwpcontentuploads201112novemberwinner2.jpgltimagegt         ltimage y2013gthttpcdn.inquisitr.comwpcontentuploads201311FullHouseSpinoffShowComingToTelevision665x385.jpgltimagegt       lthistorygt     ltinformationgt codepre  pAnd this is the outputp  precode historyattributesPlacenameRohtasFort,wikiRohtas Fort is a historical garrison fort located near the city of Jhelum in Punjab, Pakistan. It was built by Raja Todar Mal, under the orders of the Afghan king Sher Shah Suri, to subdue the rebellious tribes of the northern Punjab region, in the 16th century. This fort is about 4 km in circumference,year[The Rohtas fort was built to crush the local tribes of Potohar, who rebelled against the Sur dynasty after the Mughal emperor Humayun was ousted by the former.It took eight years to built the fort, it was captured by Mughal emperor Humayun in 1555.The Rohtas fort was built to crush the local tribes of Potohar, who rebelled against the Sur dynasty after the Mughal emperor Humayun was ousted by the former.It took eight years to built the fort, it was captured by Mughal emperor Humayun in 1555.,In the portions that have fallen away one can still see some part of the original construction.The central archway of the Chandwali Gate has been rebuilt recently so that is the only u201cfakeu201d part of the fort.In early 2005, seepage, heavy rains, and general neglect caused the left inner face of the Talaqi Gate to collapse, and the right flank and foundation to become detached from the original structure.The Gatali Gate forms one of the original entrances to Rohtas,Over time, its right bastion and supporting wall have collapsed as a result of permeated rainwater and the erosion of its foundations. World Heritage Site Qila Rohtas was designated a World Heritage Site in 1997...It is undertaking the following projects in conjunction with the Royal Norwegian Embassy.Complete restoration of Shah Chandwali GateConservation of Haveli Man SinghConservation of Talaqi Gate and Gatali GateEstablishment of Sher Shah Suri Museum in upper storey of Sohail GateImprovement of quality of life in Rohtas Fort village Nearby places of historical significance Outside the Langar Khani Gate is the tomb of a lady called Khair Un Nisa.She was the daughter of the food minister named Qadir Bukhsh.She died here and was buried in this tomb but she was later moved to Sasaram.Until the construction of the new Grand Trunk Road, Rohtas was a halting place on the main PeshawarLahore road.This road had serais about a mile apart.One of these is about one mile north of the Rohtas Fort.It is in a fair state of preservation. How to visit  From Islamabad The dualcarriage Grand Trunk Road takes you past Gujar Khan and Sohawa, to the small town of Dina 130 km away.Just past Dina you will drive over a railway overpass, stay to the right of the road and take the first Uturn to drive back towards Dina.After about 100 meters to your left you will find a signpost, which indicates the way towards the road leading to Rohtas Fort which is 8 km away, past the small holy village of Muftian home to the Mufti Tribe.Drive on the road to enter into the fort and keep driving till you reach the parking area. From Lahore Drive on G.T road past Gujranwala, Wazirabad and the city of Jhelum.About 10 minutes drive beyond the Jhelum bridge just short of the city of Dina, you will find a signpost to the left directing you to Rohtas Fort. Gallery ],image[httpcdn.shopify.comsfiles100152602productsReggieandtheFullEffectNoCountryforOldMusicians560x5601024x1024.jpgv1385489227,httpi.telegraph.co.ukmultimediaarchive02537elderly2537613b.jpg,httpthumb101.shutterstock.comdisplaypicwithlogo3391176510147stockphotofulllengthportraitofanoldmanwithcanegesturingwithhandisolatedonwhitebackground176510147.jpg,httpss3.amazonaws.commedia.wbur.orgwordpress11files2015040423fullhouse.jpg,httpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons339Poison,aCheyennewomanalmost100yearsold,fulllength,seated,1888NARA530905.jpg,httpi.dailymail.co.ukipix20081227article110201702E58EE0000005DC791233x405.jpg,httpnews.fulltiltboots.comwpcontentuploads201112novemberwinner2.jpg,httpcdn.inquisitr.comwpcontentuploads201311FullHouseSpinoffShowComingToTelevision665x385.jpg] codepre  pAs you can see, there is no attribute of Y which I want to see in the output.p  pIf anyone can help me solve this, I will be very thankful.p
Negative 110 pTo demonstrate the issue I am having, I am using a single table which has a DATE and a TIME field as part of the record. For the example I wish to filter from 0700 on one day to 0659 the next day, so my query is as followsp  precodeSELECT  FROM VW1W2LOGS WHERE VW1W2LOGS.W1DATE gt 20150520 AND VW1W2LOGS.W1TIME gt 070000 AND VW1W2LOGS.W1DATElt20150522 AND VW1W2LOGS.W1TIME lt 070000  codepre  pemAbove will not return any rows. Seems to behave as if there was no change of precedence from the bracketsem p  pAs a test I did the following. If I remove the time constraint from the 2nd part of the AND the rows will be returned, starting at the 0700 but for the full period of the following day.p  precode... WHERE VW1W2LOGS.W1DATE gt 20150520 AND VW1W2LOGS.W1TIME gt 070000 AND VW1W2LOGS.W1DATElt20150522 codepre  pemReturns Rows from 0700 as expectedemp  pIs there something obviously wrong with the query I tried more brackets, different date formats etc but it made no difference. It seems to behave as if the brackets were not there.p  pI have not seen any issues to do with this in my trawl. If there was a timestamp in the record it would probably more straightforward but this is not the case. Any help appreciated.p  pThanksp  pJames F p
Negative 110 pI have a Pushnotification app. I create intent for click on notificaionp  precodeIntent open  new Intent     open.setActioncom.bupyc.pushall.app.OPEN     open.putExtraurl, url     open.putExtralid, lid     open.putExtraregId, regId     PendingIntent contentIntent  PendingIntent.getBroadcastthis.getApplicationContext, 0, open, PendingIntent.FLAGCANCELCURRENT codepre  pAnd in manifestp  precodeltreceiver androidname.OpenBroadcastReceivergt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnamecom.bupyc.pushall.app.OPEN gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltreceivergt codepre  pBut if i send more 1 notification intent does not work. Its work only for first notificationp  pIf problem with PendingIntent.FLAGCANCELCURRENT how intent multiple broadcast intent with other url, lid extrasp
Negative 110 pI just wanted to know, does the web browser style sheet override all other CSS styles or is that not truep
Negative 110 pI am currently sending emails programatically in my web page, the emails work fine but i would also like to attach a gridview into the email body.p  pthis is my VB code I have for sending the email so far...p  precodeDim Uname As String  Page.User.Identity.Name.SubstringPage.User.Identity.Name.IndexOf  1             strFm  Uname  Inscapepeople.co.uk             If strTo ltgt  Then                 Dim insMail As New System.Net.Mail.MailMessageNew MailAddressstrFm, New MailAddressstrTo                 With insMail                     For Each y As String In strToREST.Split                         If y   Then                         Else                             .CC.Addy                         End If                     Next                     .Subject  subject                     .Body  Greet  ltbr gt  ltbr gt  bodyTxt.Text  ltbr gt  PName     PNum  ltbr gt  ltbr gt  The Required Date was   ReqDateNow.Text   ,The Required Date is now   ReqDateAfter.Text  ltbr gt  Regards,  ltbr gt  ltbr gt                     .IsBodyHtml  True                     Sig  Uname                     If Sig.ToLower  djones Then Sig  GBennett                     Dim source As String  Path  Sig  .jpg                     If System.IO.File.Existssource  False Then                         Msgbox.ShowAlertMessageSignature not found, but the email was still sent.                     Else                         Dim lr As New LinkedResourcesource                         lr.ContentId  Signature                         Dim htmlView As AlternateView  AlternateView.CreateAlternateViewFromStringinsMail.Body  ltimg width500 height400 srccidSignaturegt, Nothing, texthtml                         htmlView.LinkedResources.Addlr                         .AlternateViews.AddhtmlView                     End If                 End With                 Dim smtp As New System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient                 smtp.EnableSsl  False                 smtp.Host  192.168.50.2                 smtp.Port  25                 smtp.UseDefaultCredentials  True                 smtp.SendinsMail codepre  pI have searched around online and i cannot find anything to help me, I was wondering if i could get some assistance with this, thank you in advance.p  pAny help at all would be appreciated.p
Negative 110 pI have this code that is causing a NullReferenceException. I would expect Lazy loading to kick in at the point of evaluating the lambda and go to the database fetching the Navigation Property last line. I solved it by using the Id directly but Im curious if anyone can point me to any documentation that explains what is happening here and why this does not work.p  precode            using var context  new TestEntities                              var entity  context.Entities.First                  entity.NavigationPropertyId  24  This is a valid id, i.e. there is a record with Id 24 in the database                  var otherEntity  context                                 .OtherEntities                                 .SingleOrDefaultx gt                                     x.NavigationPropertyId  entity.NavigationProperty.Id  ltlt This raises the NullReferenceException              codepre
Negative 110 pIve got the following buttonp  precodeltButton             androidididsearchCompaniesButton             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                       androiddrawableLeftdrawablecompanyicon             androiddrawablePadding10dp             androiddrawableRightdrawablenexticonbig             androidgravityleftcentervertical             androidpaddingLeft10dp             androidbackgrouddrawabletransparentbuttonselector             androidpaddingRight10dp             androidtextstringsearchCompanies gt codepre  pcodetransparentbuttonselectorcode is codetransparentbuttonselector.xmlcode in drawableldpi folderp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltselector xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroidgt     ltitem androiddrawablecolorlightGrey           androidstatepressedtrue gt     ltitem androiddrawablecolorveryLightGrey           androidstatefocusedtrue gt     ltitem androiddrawablenull gt ltselectorgt codepre  pAlso Ive got a codecolors.xmlcodep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltresourcesgt  ltcolor namelightGreygt3d3d3dltcolorgt   ltcolor nameveryLightGreygt4d4d4dltcolorgt ltresourcesgt codepre  pBut when I run my app, log will sayp  blockquote   pitem tag requires a drawable attributep blockquote  pWhat the hell I know there are few similar questions, but answers are not helpful. I triedp  ul liRestarting Eclipse li liCleaning projects li liRunning app at real devicecrushli ul
Negative 110 pscenario  First, theres this page where you can choose category by clicking imagebutton. itll pass the value of category you choose and will lead you to a new page where you can fill the textfield with posting.p  pposting activity where you can choose categoryp  precode    package com.spamcity  import android.content.Context import android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.app.Fragment import android.widget.ImageButton import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup import android.view.View.OnClickListener  public class postingActivity extends Fragment       private ImageButton infrastructure     private ImageButton trafficjam     private ImageButton others      Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,             Bundle savedInstanceState               Inflate the layout for this fragment             View V  inflater.inflateR.layout.postingactivity, container, false             infrastructure  ImageButton V.findViewByIdR.id.btnInfra             trafficjam  ImageButton V.findViewByIdR.id.btnTrafJam              others  ImageButton V.findViewByIdR.id.btnOther         addListenerOnButton         return V            public void addListenerOnButton          final Intent intent  new IntentgetActivity, writeActivity.class  error          want me to create method getBaseContext       infrastructure         infrastructure.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener               Override             public void onClickView arg0                  startActivityintent error                 getActivity.finish                               traffic jam         trafficjam.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                          Override             public void onClickView arg0                  startActivitynew IntentgetActivity, writeActivity.class  error                 getActivity.finish                              others         others.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                          Override             public void onClickView arg0                  startActivitynew IntentgetActivity, writeActivity.class  error                getActivity.finish                               codepre  pwriteActivity where you fill every textfield except categoryp  precode    package com.spamcity  import android.content.Context import android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.app.Fragment import android.widget.ImageButton import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup import android.view.View.OnClickListener  public class postingActivity extends Fragment       private ImageButton infrastructure     private ImageButton trafficjam     private ImageButton others      Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,             Bundle savedInstanceState               Inflate the layout for this fragment             View V  inflater.inflateR.layout.postingactivity, container, false             infrastructure  ImageButton V.findViewByIdR.id.btnInfra             trafficjam  ImageButton V.findViewByIdR.id.btnTrafJam              others  ImageButton V.findViewByIdR.id.btnOther         addListenerOnButton         return V            public void addListenerOnButton          final Intent intent  new IntentgetActivity, writeActivity.class  error          want me to create method getBaseContext       infrastructure         infrastructure.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener               Override             public void onClickView arg0                  startActivityintent error                 getActivity.finish                               traffic jam         trafficjam.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                          Override             public void onClickView arg0                  startActivitynew IntentgetActivity, writeActivity.class  error                 getActivity.finish                              others         others.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                          Override             public void onClickView arg0                  startActivitynew IntentgetActivity, writeActivity.class  error                getActivity.finish                               codepre  pmy question is, how can I pass the value of category from postingActivity to writeActivity  Im sorry this question maybe sounds a little dumb, but I truly hope someoned help. thanksp
Negative 110 pI am working YouTube Live Streaming java program. I have done below things so far,p  p1] I can create live eventbroadcast a hrefhttpsgithub.comyoutubeapisamplestreemasterjava relnofollowGithubap  p2] Using xuggler, I can send video stream to YouTube a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions29915767youtubelivestreamingapistreamisnotappearinginyoutubeYoutube Live Streaming API  Stream is not appearing in Youtubeap  pOn doing above 2 steps, I get following outputp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comnU7uW.png altenter image description here p  pstrongMy problem isstrongp  precodeNever enableactivate Live Streaming button, ideally it should be enabledactivated automatically on getting video stream from my java program. But it doesnt. codepre  pI tried to google a lot, but didnt get the answer. I tried it different browsers too such as Chrome, Safari, Mozilla but no luck.p  pI really dont know whether its a problem of my code or something else. But, my code gives below responsep  precode                if packet.isComplete                  container.writePacketpacket                 System.out.println[ENCODER Packet Completed] writing packet of size   packet.getSize   for elapsed time   timeStamp  lastTimeStamp  1000                 lastTimeStamp  timeStamp              codepre  pResponse for above code isp  precode[ENCODER Packet Completed] writing packet of size 125 for elapsed time 176 codepre  pOther things, I triedp  pa hrefhttpsproductforums.google.comforumtopicyoutubevPbo5MOGOo relnofollowhttpsproductforums.google.comforumtopicyoutubevPbo5MOGOoap  pa hrefhttpsproductforums.google.comforumtopicyoutubeP8tlh2gGiBY relnofollowhttpsproductforums.google.comforumtopicyoutubeP8tlh2gGiBYap  pMoreover, if I try Wirecast tool so it works fine. But, not for my written encoder. Please help me. I have been badly stuck on this problem for last 2 days.p
Negative 110 pI have problem with OneToOneField and DjangoPolymorphic. p  precodeclass ProfilePolymorphicModel     user  models.OneToOneFieldUser, primarykeyTrue codepre  blockquote   preturn superPolymorphicModelBase, self.stronggetattributestrongname   AttributeError type object Profile has no attribute polymorphicprimarykeynamep blockquote  pHere is exactly the same example of my a hrefhttpsgithub.comchrisglassdjangopolymorphicissues53 relnofollowproblema. I dont understand what is the background of this problem. I mean, I understand that more suitable could be ForeignKey with inheritance, but could you explain me for what is this polymorphicprimarykeyname variable and why is causing problems with OneToOneField p  pHas anyone some clean solution for this a hrefhttpsgithub.comchrisglassdjangopolymorphicissues53 relnofollowproblema There is some solution, but could you explain me what exactly this Monkeypatch is doing I have tested and is not working well for me.p  pOther question is, if I will use ForeignKey and uniqueTrue flag, I have message from djangop  blockquote   pSetting uniqueTrue on a ForeignKey has the same effect as using a   OneToOneField.    HINT ForeignKeyuniqueTrue is usually better served   by a OneToOneField.p blockquote  pdelWhich kind of problems should I expect in the future with this solution del For this I found nice answer a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5870537whatsthedifferencebetweendjangoonetoonefieldandforeignkeyWhat39s the difference between django OneToOneField and ForeignKeyap
Negative 110 pI have a searchbox for searching locations in a google maps.p  pmi question is what is the exception to handle when the user does not have acces to the internetor the connection fails for searching a locationp  pthx in advance.p
Negative 110 pSo, I am creating a mesh in Blender. Now I do strongNOTstrong want to apply materials or textures in Blender, I just want the mesh.p  pNow, after exporting the mesh and importing it in Unity, I aply a material in Unity and  it doesnt work. I see the material is changed in the inspector, but no matter what the material or texture is, the object in the scene has just some different shade of grey. p  pI have tried different export formats including the recommended .fbx export, I tried aplying a material in Blender and then replacing it, I checked the various export settings and I have researched the issue, but all tutorialsquestions I could find asume you are aplying the material in Blender.p  pSo now I have to admit that I am pretty new to Blender and totally overwhelmed by it, but perhaps somebody knows the issue and can tell me what I am doing wrong or what I am missing.p
Negative 110 pIve setup a Spring Data project with two different datasources and am trying to invoke databasespecific functions from a single codeControllercode. I have two separate Entity Managers, Connection Properties and Transaction Managers for each datasource.p  pBelow is my current codeControllercodep  precodeRequestMappingvalue  searchDB1, producesapplicationjson, method  RequestMethod.GET     public ListltMapltString, Objectgtgt getList1           ListltMapltString, Objectgtgt list  this.jdbcTemplate.queryForList             select name, id from db1.Database1                    return list          RequestMappingvalue  searchDB2, producesapplicationjson, method  RequestMethod.GET     public void getList2          ListltMapltString, Objectgtgt list  this.jdbcTemplate.queryForList             select name, id from db2.Database2               codepre  pThis will obviously fail as my jdbcTemplate is only wired to a single database at a time  what might be the best way for my controller to choose between databases depending on which method is called Abstracting to Service Impl, etc.p
Negative 110 pI have created a folder bin. This is my own bin to store my own custom programs. As a test, I wrote a simple hello world program. I export using PATHbinPATH so that Linux looks in that directory. If I save hello my test program name I can successfully run it from the command line by typing hello, similar to if I were running ls, grep, etc. I would like however to include in my path a way to search all subdirectories of bin. Ie. if I created a couple programs, lets just call them leapyear and hello to make life easy, and each was in its own subdirectory, can I add something generic to the PATH environmental variable to recognize both programs Now, I am more than aware that hello and leapyear are not really system utilities, but it works for illustrating my goal. I have tried  to include all subdirectories and that didnt seem to work out. p
Negative 110 psorry for my poor English..my question is,when i use codeltLinkgtcode to change current route into next route,how i can get previous path in next routes handler here is some codep  precode route config  ltRoute handlerRoute2 nameroute2 pathroute2 gt   eg current location is route1keyvalue ltLink toroute2gtclick to jump to route2ltLinkgt   route2 var Route2  React.createClass     componentDidMount function           how i can get previous path route1keyvalue     ,     render function          return              ltdiv gt                codepre  pthx  p
Negative 110 pRails 4.2.1, pg 0.18.1, ruby 2.0.p  pI have a column that I want to store pdf files in. It is of type  reportfile  bytea   2147483647.rails migration     t.binary   reportfile p  pI had a nightmare of a time finding a combo of rails, ruby amp pg to get this to work at all, but now it works fine, except when I add any validation on this field in my model I get this errorp  pinvalid byte sequence in UTF8p  pAny ideasp  pif I do p  precodesavevalidate gt false codepre  pit also works, or if I remove the validation...p  precodevalidates reportfile, presence true codepre
Negative 110 pAfter reading a hrefhttparstechnica.comsecurity201506evenwithavpnopenwifiexposesusers relnofollow titleEven with a VPN, open WiFi exposes usersthis article on Ars Technicaa I started looking for a way to enable an encrypted, yet passwordless public network. It is probably not possible due to specifications which require a certain number of characters and OSs  complying with them, but what about accepting any passwordp  pIt will most definitely require custom scripting or even modifying the sources, so Ive chosen OpenWRT to try this out. The relevant sources can be found a hrefhttpsgithub.comopenwrtmirroropenwrttreemasterpackagenetworkserviceshostapd relnofollowherea and a hrefhttpsw1.ficvs.html relnofollowherea, which are used for building the emwpadem, emhostpadem and emwpasupplicantem packages. By default OpenWRT uses emwpadminiem suffix emminiem means an absence of the WPA Enterprise support.p  pOne of my thoughts was to also try WPA Enterprise for this purpose. Would it be possible to write a simple script to mimic the Radius server response, being always positive, as if credentials were correctp  pAnother aspect of this question is security. If accepting any password was possible, wouldnt it mean that anyone could trick my device to connect to an AP with the same name, as say, I use at home, and have control over the traffic This can be a very serious issue and it is better to talk about it publicly than just pretending that if we dont publish a way to do this, no one else will do the same on black markets or in governments.p  pupd Would it be possible to use a simple captive portal to negotiate encryption, ideally, without any user interaction apart of opening the page Naturally, it wont be WPA. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10162913configureopenwrttoprovidehttpauthenticationHerea is a good list of captive portal solutions for OpenWRT. A precaution with the current OSlevel implementations this wouldnt prevent leaking unencrypted data before the negotiation happens. But since OSs already recognize captive portals and display notifications, it should be possible to add a security feature to prevent any data transfers before passing the captive portal.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to modify some source code as i need to create a filename based on the date however the filename is being created with chinese symbols. I am compiling using nmake for visual studio and unicode.p  pI am not sure whether this is a code issue or a compiler problem.p  pCode Extractp  precode   struct tm  timeinfo     struct tm cdecl localtimeconst timet t     TCHAR buffer[80]     timet rawtime     rawtime  timeNULL     timeamprawtime     timeinfo  localtimeamprawtime     strftimebuffer, sizeofbuffer, dmYHMS, timeinfo     prdgtcommand[i]  0      LPTSTR t     for t  buffer t t          if t  lt ampamp t  gt ampamp t   ampamp             t   ampamp t   ampamp t   ampamp             t               prdgtcommand[i]  t          lstrcatprdgtcommand, buffer     i  lstrlenprdgtcommand codepre  pWell after some investigation prompted by the possible duplicate, i now have working code. I had already expected and investigated it was to do with the TCHAR conversion, but not come up with an answer. I did some more investigation on this and came across wcsftime. This seems to have worked and means i do not need to make other modifications to get the code to work and compiles fine in VS2013.p  pWorking codep  precode        struct tm  timeinfo     struct tm cdecl localtimeconst timet t     wchart buffer[80]     timet rawtime     timeamprawtime     timeinfo  localtimeamprawtime     wcsftimebuffer, sizeofbuffer, LYmdHMS, timeinfo     prdgtcommand[i]  0     lstrcatprdgtcommand, buffer     i  lstrlenprdgtcommand     s codepre
Negative 110 pI do some basic frontend  markup work for a nonprofit called Closing the Gap. They are run completely by volunteers, and recently had a website upgrade. However, the previous version of the website is still live, with the new site hosted under a subdirectory.p  pstrongCurrent Partner pagestrong a hrefhttpwww.closingthegapusa.orgctgindex.phppartners.html relnofollowhttpwww.closingthegapusa.orgctgindex.phppartners.htmla br  strongOld Partner pagestrong  a hrefhttpwww.closingthegapusa.orgindex.phpoptioncomcontentampviewarticleampid6ampItemid6 relnofollowhttpwww.closingthegapusa.orgindex.phpoptioncomcontentampviewarticleampid6ampItemid6ap  pstrongHow detrimental is it to Closing the Gaps web presence to have the new site in a subdirectory and redirected from the original URLstrongp  pI dont think the organizers are aware that the old site is still live..and am not sure why the developers made the new site this way.p  pThe site is created on a Joomla platform.sp  pWhat would be the best steps to resolving this issue Or is it as bad as I think I am mostly concerned that search engines and potential donors will come across the old site, and it will look like Closing the Gap has both moved into its new space new site will squatting and not cleaning out its old space old site.p
Negative 110 pI want to record video coming from a camcorder to a wmv file.  I am using ffmpeg libraries and I have it saving the video as an avi file.  However the requirements of the project is to output a wmv file.  Can anyone help me discover how to set up the video and audio codecsp
Negative 110 pI have managed to deploy my Rails 4 app to Heroku. All assets are served from a Cloudfront instance. This part works perfectly.p  pThe only issue Im experiencing, is the fact that my foundation icons are not being served. This is as a result of a CORS issue as seen a hrefhttpwww.holovaty.comwritingcorsiecloudfront relnofollowherea and a hrefhttpunsharptech.com20140828cloudfrontcorswithcustomorigin relnofollowherea. I have read that AWS have implemented a solution for the CORS issue quite recently and that this shouldnt be a problem anymore, but I cant seem to fixunderstand my issue. p  pI have tried the solutions above. I have also tried to make use of the a hrefhttpsgithub.comericallamfontassets relnofollowfontassets gema, as seen in another post, but Im still presented with the following errorp  precode...assetsfoundationicons8c44c3feedae5331a281278ea3ba91d2255928a2f3010d316d6fbb9052e0c2ec.woff. Reason CORS header AccessControlAllowOrigin missing. codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to rewrite my website URLs. I havep  blockquote   phttp website.comv2message.phpID2123p blockquote  pI wantp  blockquote   phttp website.comv2message123.phpp blockquote  pI tried something in my htaccess but Ive a redirection loop p  pHere is my code.htaccesscodep  precodeRewriteCond QUERYSTRING ID2[09] RewriteRule message.php httpwebsite.comv2message1.php [L,R301] codepre  pCan someone help me with thisp
Negative 110 pBelow I have an ngrepeat where the inner div gets a background image set after reading a JSON file. p  pMy question is  If codepost.featuredimage.attachmentmeta.sizes.medium.urlcode does not exist or is null, what would be the best approach to replace this with another image Say a default backup image A solution or tips to what to look for is what I am after as I am relatively new to AngularJS.p  pCode is belowp  precodeltarticle ngrepeatpost in postsgt    ltdiv stylebackgroundimage url post.featuredimage.attachmentmeta.sizes.medium.url gtltdivgt ltarticlegt codepre
Negative 110 pUsing ajax, Im trying to display what is being typed in the text box, but its not displaying anything at all for some reason. I know the ajax function itself got called, by using alert inside the function, and I think the real problem is actually in test2.php, but Im not sure what I did wrong. Please take a lookp  blockquote   ptest1.phpp blockquote  precodeltphp  includeajax.php  echo ltinput type  text name  select onkeyup  ajaxtest2.php,select,outputgt echo ltdiv id  outputgt  gt codepre  blockquote   ptest2p blockquote  precodeltphp  select  POST[select] echo select  gt codepre  blockquote   pajax.phpp blockquote  precodeltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery2.1.3jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript type  textjavascriptgt   function ajaxurl,select,id         .ajax            type POST,            url url,            data  select select[nameselect].val,            error functionxhr,status,erroralerterror,            successfunctiondata               document.getElementById id .innerHTML  data                        ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 110 pI need a way to print all packages installed on a FreeBSD 10 OS without the descriptions. Does such a command existp  pIve tried thisp  precodepkg info codepre  pwhich does list all of the packages, but it also lists the descriptions like sop  precodepkg1.5.4              Package manager python262.7.91       Interpreted objectoriented programming language .... codepre  pIs is possible to print this info without the description this would turn the above into thisp  precodepkg1.5.4 python262.7.91 .... codepre  pNote Im on FreeBSD 10, which has replaced the codepkginstallcode, codepkginfocode, etc. commands with codepkg installcode, codepkg infocode, etcp
Negative 110 pI want to use ODM on Bluemix provided by IBM.  I have tried to setting up Rule Designer into Eclipse with the a hrefhttpswww.eugb.bluemix.netdocsservicesrulesindex.htmlrulov002 relnofollowmanuala. However, I cant find the URL or Location for Eclipse update site on this manual. Could you tell me the way to setting up the softwarep
Negative 110 pI am very new to SSIS and I am building a package which will import files. I have a Execute SQL Task which will execute a SQL statement which will return files that needs to be imported, but the files will need to go into different tables depending on which file is being imported.p  pI have 2 Data Flow Tasks in my foreach container but now based on the file type it needs to execute 1 of themp  pHow can I achieve thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTQ7g8.jpg altenter image description herep  pstrongEDITstrongp  pThis is the query that will be executedp  precodeSELECT ReconMedicalAidFile.fReconMedicalAidFileID,   ReconMedicalAidFile.fReconMedicalAidID,  ReconMedicalAids.fMedicalAidID, ReconMedicalAidFile.fFileName,  ReconMedicalAidFile.fFileLocation, ReconMedicalAidFile.fFileImportedDate, ReconMedicalAidFile.fNumberRecords, ReconMedicalAidFile.fUser,  ReconMedicalAidFile.fIsImported FROM ReconMedicalAidFile INNER JOIN ReconMedicalAids ON ReconMedicalAidFile.fReconMedicalAidID  ReconMedicalAids.fReconMedicalAidID WHERE fIsImported  0 AND fNumberRecords  0 codepre  pSo the condition is based on emfMedicalAidIDem p
Negative 110 pI am trying to run a ruby script from php browser that requires some gems. VPS CentOS, PHP5, ruby2.0.0, using RVM. I reach the server via PUTTY and I ran the php code from browser.p  pSo when I run thisp  precodeltphp descriptorspec  array    0 gt arraypipe, r,    1 gt arraypipe, w,    2 gt arrayfile, .erroroutput.txt, a  process  procopenruby homebalinttest.rb, descriptorspec, pipes  if isresourceprocess      fwritepipes[0], hello world     fclosepipes[0]      echo streamgetcontentspipes[1]     fclosepipes[1]      returnvalue  proccloseprocess      echo command returned returnvaluen  gt codepre  pAnd the test.rb script includes only puts xxx then I get the output on my screen as xxx.p  pHowever, when I include some gems like require nokogiri I get this in the error logp  precodeusrlibrubysiteruby1.8rubygemscustomrequire.rb31in gemoriginalrequire no such file to load  nokogiri LoadError     from usrlibrubysiteruby1.8rubygemscustomrequire.rb31in require     from homebalinttest.rb5 codepre  pstrongThis is working fine directly from shell.strongp  pstrongruby vstrongp  precoderuby 2.0.0p643 20150225 revision 49749 [x8664linux] codepre  pstrongwhich rubystrongp  precodeusrbinruby codepre  pstronggem envstrongp  precodeRubyGems Environment    RUBYGEMS VERSION 2.4.8    RUBY VERSION 2.0.0 20150225 patchlevel 643 [x8664linux]    INSTALLATION DIRECTORY homebalint.rvmgemsruby2.0.0p643    RUBY EXECUTABLE homebalint.rvmrubiesruby2.0.0p643binruby    EXECUTABLE DIRECTORY homebalint.rvmgemsruby2.0.0p643bin    SPEC CACHE DIRECTORY homebalint.gemspecs    SYSTEM CONFIGURATION DIRECTORY homebalint.rvmrubiesruby2.0.0p643etc    RUBYGEMS PLATFORMS      ruby      x8664linux    GEM PATHS       homebalint.rvmgemsruby2.0.0p643       homebalint.rvmgemsruby2.0.0p643global    GEM CONFIGURATION       updatesources gt true       verbose gt true       backtrace gt false       bulkthreshold gt 1000       sources gt [httpsrubygems.org, httprubygems.org]    REMOTE SOURCES       httpsrubygems.org       httprubygems.org    SHELL PATH       usrlocaljdkbin       homebalint.rvmgemsruby2.0.0p643bin       homebalint.rvmgemsruby2.0.0p643globalbin       homebalint.rvmrubiesruby2.0.0p643bin       homebalintperl5bin       usrlocalbin       bin       usrbin       usrlocalsbin       usrsbin       sbin       homebalint.rvmbin       usrlocalbin       usrX11R6bin       homebalint.rvmbin       homebalintbin codepre  pstrongecho PATHstrongp  precodeusrlocaljdkbinhomebalint.rvmgemsruby2.0.0p643binhomebalint.rvmgemsruby2.0.0p643globalbinhomebalint.rvmrubiesruby2.0.0p643binhomebalintperl5binusrlocalbinbinusrbinusrlocalsbinusrsbinsbinhomebalint.rvmbinusrlocalbinusrX11R6binhomebalint.rvmbinhomebalintbin codepre  pAccording to the log its looking in the 1.8 folder. But there is no other folder in codeusrlibrubysiterubycode than 1.8. And I also dont understand why its working in shell and why its not from the browser.p  pCan someone put me in the right direction herep
Negative 110 pI am working on a shiny app, and the way I have it formatted the plots are way too wide.  I shortened them with the width argument so they look reasonable but I cant figure out how to center them within the tab panel apparently plotOutput doesnt take an align argument.p  precode tabsetPanel       tabPanelPlot1, plotOutputplot1, width60,      tabPanelPlot2, plotOutputplot2, width60     codepre
Negative 110 pbr Im a pretty new Rails developer, Im using a hrefhttpsgithub.comrailsjbuilder relnofollowJbuildera to build my view in the following wayp  precode[aaa, bbb, ccc].each do value   json.value do json lt Here is my error     json.partial foo.sendvalue   end end codepre  pEverything works BUT the codejson.valuecode, my response is the following obviouslyp  precode[ value gt ... value gt ... value gt ... ] codepre  pId like to have this one insteadp  precode[ aaa gt ... bbb gt ... ccc gt ... ] codepre  pAny ideasp
Negative 110 plets say I type for example j and I should see autocomplete like for example John with more suggestions below input tag, but I dont. In my console I get code[John, Jane]code, no errors.p  ptest.htmlp  precodeltdoctype htmlgt lthtml langengt ltheadgt     ltmeta charsetutf8gt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idaagt   ltinput classtypeahead typetext placeholdernamesgt ltdivgt  ltscript src..staticjquery1.11.3.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript src..statictypeahead.bundle.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgt  aa .typeahead.typeaheadnull,          source function query, process          .ajax           url test,           type GET,           contentType applicationjson charsetutf8,           data query query,           success functiondata              console.logdata.options             processdata.options                                 ltscriptgt  ltbodygt  lthtmlgt codepre  papp.pyp  precodefrom flask import Flask, rendertemplate, urlfor, jsonify, request  app  Flaskname  app.route def index     return rendertemplatetest.html  app.routetest def test     print request.args.getquery     return jsonifyoptions[John,Jane] if name  main     app.rundebug  True codepre
Negative 110 pMy app works normally, I get the data from adapter, but the codeListViewcode only flashes on the screen and returns to the previous codeActivitycode, not showing the data  No error is shown in the codeLogCatcode. I already tried everything What should I do p  precodeimport android.app.ListActivity import android.app.ProgressDialog import android.graphics.Bitmap import android.graphics.BitmapFactory import android.os.AsyncTask import android.os.Bundle import android.util.Base64 import android.util.Log import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.widget.Button import android.widget.ListView import android.widget.Toast  import org.apache.http.NameValuePair import org.apache.http.message.BasicNameValuePair import org.json.JSONArray import org.json.JSONException import org.json.JSONObject  import java.io.ByteArrayInputStream import java.io.FilterInputStream import java.io.IOException import java.io.InputStream import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.HashMap import java.util.List   public class CaronasBuscadasListActivity extends ListActivity        Progress Dialog     private ProgressDialog pDialog      ListView listView     String idcarona, idmotorista, origem, destino, data, hora, nome     public Bitmap imagem        private LayoutInflater mInflater      JSON IDS     private static final String TAGSUCCESS  success     private static final String TAGID  idcarona     private static final String TAGORIGEM  origemcarona     private static final String TAGDESTINO  destinocarona     private static final String TAGDATA  datacarona     private static final String TAGHORA  horacarona     private static final String TAGNOME  nomeusuario     private static final String TAGIMAGEM  imagemusuario     private static final String TAGMESSAGE  mensagem     private static final String TAGCARONAS  caronas     private static final String TAGIDMOTORISTA  idmotorista       An array of all of our comments     private JSONArray mCaronas  null     private CarAdapter carAdapter     private JSONParser jsonParser  new JSONParser     private JSONObject json       manages all of our comments in a list.     private ArrayListltHashMapltString, Objectgtgt mCaronasList        Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitybuscadaslist         mCaronasList  new ArrayListltHashMapltString, Objectgtgt         listView  getListView           Override     protected void onResume           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onResume         new BuscarCarona.execute                  Retrieves json data of comments           public void updateJSONdataJSONObject jsonObject           json  jsonObject         Log.dJSONOOBJECT, json.toString          when parsing JSON stuff, we should probably         try to catch any exceptions         try               mCaronas  json.getJSONArrayTAGCARONAS               looping through all posts according to the json object returned             for int i  0 i lt mCaronas.length i                  JSONObject c  mCaronas.getJSONObjecti                  gets the content of each tag                  idmotorista  c.getStringTAGIDMOTORISTA                 origem  c.getStringTAGORIGEM                 destino  c.getStringTAGDESTINO                 data  c.getStringTAGDATA                 hora  c.getStringTAGHORA                 nome  c.getStringTAGNOME                 String image  c.getStringTAGIMAGEM                 byte[] img  Base64.decodeimage, Base64.DEFAULT                 ByteArrayInputStream imguser  new ByteArrayInputStreamimg                 imagem  BitmapFactory.decodeStreamnew FlushedInputStreamimguser                  HashMapltString, Objectgt map  new HashMapltString, Objectgt                  map.putTAGID, idmotorista                 map.putTAGORIGEM, origem                 map.putTAGDESTINO, destino                 map.putTAGDATA, data                 map.putTAGHORA, hora                 map.putTAGNOME, nome                 map.putTAGIMAGEM, imagem                  mCaronasList.addmap                 Log.dmap, map.toString                           Log.dmCaronasList, mCaronasList.toString             carAdapter  new CarAdapterthis, mCaronasList           catch JSONException e              Log.derro, e.toString             e.printStackTrace                    static class FlushedInputStream extends FilterInputStream          public FlushedInputStreamInputStream inputStream              superinputStream                   Override         public long skiplong n throws IOException              long totalBytesSkipped  0L             while totalBytesSkipped lt n                  long bytesSkipped  in.skipn  totalBytesSkipped                 if bytesSkipped  0L                      int b  read                     if b lt 0                          break   we reached EOF                      else                          bytesSkipped  1  we read one byte                                                       totalBytesSkipped  bytesSkipped                          return totalBytesSkipped                    class BuscarCarona extends AsyncTaskltString, String, Stringgt           Override         protected String doInBackgroundString... args               int success             String origem  getIntent.getExtras.getStringorigem             String destino  getIntent.getExtras.getStringdestino             String data  getIntent.getExtras.getStringdata              try                  ListltNameValuePairgt params  new ArrayListltNameValuePairgt                  Building Parameters                 params.addnew BasicNameValuePairorigem, origem                 params.addnew BasicNameValuePairdestino, destino                 params.addnew BasicNameValuePairdata, data                  Log.drequest, starting                  Posting user data to script                 JSONObject jsonObject  jsonParser.makeHttpRequest                         POSTCOMMENTURL, POST, params                  updateJSONdatajsonObject                   full json response                 Log.dTentativa de adicionar carona, jsonObject.toString                   json success element                 success  jsonObject.getIntTAGSUCCESS                 if success  1                      Log.dCarona Disponivel, jsonObject.toString                     finish                     return jsonObject.getStringTAGMESSAGE                  else                      Log.dFalha ao adicionar carona, jsonObject.getStringTAGMESSAGE                     return jsonObject.getStringTAGMESSAGE                               catch JSONException e                  e.printStackTrace                           return null                   Override         protected void onPreExecute              super.onPreExecute             pDialog  new ProgressDialogCaronasBuscadasListActivity.this             pDialog.setMessagePosting Comment...             pDialog.setIndeterminatefalse             pDialog.setCancelabletrue             pDialog.show                  Override         protected void onPostExecuteString fileurl               dismiss the dialog once product deleted             pDialog.dismiss               if fileurl  null                  Toast.makeTextCaronasBuscadasListActivity.this, fileurl, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                             codepre
Negative 110 pI want to make an url like a hrefhttplocalhost1373ExploreNeighborhoodWAP.L.U relnofollowhttplocalhost1373ExploreNeighborhoodWAP.L.Ua.p  pCould you please help me out on thisp  pHow to allow dots in url using regex constraint in attribute routing mvc5p
Negative 110 pUsing Algolia in Ruby on Rails, I can easily index a modelp  precodeclass Service lt ActiveRecordBase   include AlgoliaSearch    algoliasearch perenvironment true do     attributesToIndex [name, canonicalurl]     attributes [name, canonicalurl]     addattribute type do       Service     end   end end codepre  pIs there some way to limit which codeServicecode I want sent p  pFor example codeOnly index Services where name  nilcodep
Negative 110 pI am working on an existing web application that uses EJB3. What I need to do is to weave some aspects into this application, in order to log some information after matching some specific methods before and after persisting beans.p  pI am deploying my web application in a Jboss server in an ear format. the ear contains a war servlets and a jar session beans and entity beans.p  pAny idea on how is this possible  Do I have to put my aspects inside the jar or do I have to create a new jar exclusively for aspects p  pBy the way I am using eclipse for this project. So my jar corresponds to an EJB project and my war corresponds to a dynamic web project.p  pThank you for your answersp
Negative 110 pIm creating a web based application that requires people to register and login for access to certain pages. I want to stop users from giving out their usernamepassword to other people by denying access to more than one person using the same username at the same time.p
Negative 110 pHi,p  pif codea1code is there... load codetest1.html.. if a2 is there.. load test2.html.code p  pGetting JS error.. not sure how to declare variable inside option.p  pPlease help me to assist to fix this issue. Thanks in advance.p  pstrongJSstrongp  precodevar defaultVal  a1 testElement option[iddefaultVal].attrselected, selected  testElement.triggerchange  codepre
Negative 110 pp  pp  precodeltstylegt .mainblock .mainblockhover .headingbackgroundcolorred .contentbackgroundcolorblue ltstylegt codepre  pp  pp  precodeltdiv classmainblockgt ltdiv classheadinggt New Product ltdivgtltbrgt ltdiv classcontentgt This is my new product ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  p p  pI want to change heading div to backgroundcolororange and content div to backgroundcoloryellow whenever hovering over the mainblock using only CSSp
Negative 110 precodeltphp     coursesarray  array        courseno gt arrayE1,E2,E3,         coursetitle gt arrayA, B, C,         coursecredit gt array1,2,3           if emptycoursesarray           echo ltinput typecheckbox nameselectall idselectall onClickselectallcoursesthis checkcourseregistrationlevelcomplete gt Select all ltspan iderrorgt Please Select Courses ltspangt ltbr gt          else          echo ltb stylecolorgreengtThere is no courses found for you. ltbr gt If this problem is not desired please contact with your Course Teacher.ltbgt                             foreach coursesarray[courseno] as course       gt         ltinput typecheckbox namecourse[courseno][] idcourse[courseno][] onClickcheckcourseregistrationlevelcomplete changehiddeninputthis valueltphp echo course gt gt ltphp echo course gt         ltinput typehidden namecourse[coursetitle][] disabled idcourse[coursetitle][] valueltphp echo coursesarray[coursetitle][ arraysearch course, coursesarray[courseno]  ] gtgt         ltinput typehidden namecourse[coursecredit][] disabled idcourse[coursecredit][] valueltphp echo coursesarray[coursecredit][ arraysearch course, coursesarray[courseno]  ] gtgt         ltinput typehidden namecourse[coursetype][] disabled idcourse[coursetype][] valueltphp echo coursesarray[coursetype][ arraysearch course, coursesarray[courseno]  ] gtgt     ltphp          if emptycoursesarray                 echo ltbr gtltbr gtltinput typesubmit namecourseregistrationcomplete valueSubmitgt          gt                    ltscriptgt     function selectallcoursessource         var checkboxes  document.getElementsByNamecourse[courseno][]              forvar i0, ncheckboxes.length iltni              checkboxes[i].checked  source.checked             document.getElementByIdcourse[coursetitle][].disabled  source.checked             document.getElementByIdcourse[coursecredit][].disabled  source.checked             document.getElementByIdcourse[coursetype][].disabled  source.checked               ltscriptgt  ltscriptgt     function changehiddeninputcourse         ifcourse.checked             document.getElementByIdcourse[coursetitle][].disabled  false             document.getElementByIdcourse[coursecredit][].disabled  false             document.getElementByIdcourse[coursetype][].disabled  false         else             document.getElementByIdcourse[coursetitle][].disabled  true             document.getElementByIdcourse[coursecredit][].disabled  true             document.getElementByIdcourse[coursetype][].disabled  true               ltscriptgt  ltscriptgt     function checkcourseregistrationlevelcomplete         var checkboxes  document.getElementsByNamecourse[courseno][]         var ok  false         count  0         forvar i0, ncheckboxes.lengthiltni              if checkboxes[i].checked                    ok  true                  count                 document.getElementByIderror.style.display  none                               if count  checkboxes.length              document.getElementByIdselectall.checked  true                  else             document.getElementByIdselectall.checked  false                  ifok             document.getElementByIderror.style.display  block             return false               ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 110 pHi i have a strange issue where refresh has be pressed to see the webpage properly, when loading the page for the first time the page is unformatted with no css. I am guessing its due to the jquery library not being loaded, i have moved around script links, but i have had no luck any suggestions please.p  precodeltlink relstylesheet hrefcsslayout.css typetextcss mediascreen gt     lt[if lt IE 9]gt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefcssie.css typetextcss mediascreen gt     ltscript srchttphtml5shim.googlecode.comsvntrunkhtml5.jsgtltscriptgt     lt[endif]gt     ltscript srchttpajax.aspnetcdn.comajaxjQueryjquery1.11.3.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjshideshow.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjsjquery.tablesorter.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsjquery.equalHeight.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript src..jsChart.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  pThanksp
Negative 110 pHere is my test servlet p  precodepublic class EventListServlet extends javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet      protected void doPostHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response throws ServletException, IOException          processrequest, response           protected void doGetHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response throws ServletException, IOException          processrequest, response           private void processHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response throws ServletException, IOException           request.setAttributename, test1         request.getRequestDispatcherindex.jsp.forwardrequest, response       codepre  pand test jsp p  precodelthtmlgt ltbodygt lth2gtHello Worldlth2gt ltpgtnameltpgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pand the output is strongnamestrongp  pit should write test1  whats wrong with that p
Negative 110 pI have 2 IDs for Google analytics in our website,p  pI have added them in the footer. like thisp  precodeltscriptgt   functioni,s,o,g,r,a,mi[GoogleAnalyticsObject]ri[r]i[r]function i[r].qi[r].q[].pusharguments,i[r].l1new Dateas.createElemento,   ms.getElementsByTagNameo[0]a.async1a.srcgm.parentNode.insertBeforea,m window,document,script,www.googleanalytics.comanalytics.js,ga gacreate, UA560141341, auto   gasend, pageview ltscriptgt  ltscriptgt   functioni,s,o,g,r,a,mi[GoogleAnalyticsObject]ri[r]i[r]function i[r].qi[r].q[].pusharguments,i[r].l1new Dateas.createElemento,   ms.getElementsByTagNameo[0]a.async1a.srcgm.parentNode.insertBeforea,m window,document,script,www.googleanalytics.comanalytics.js,ga gacreate, UA4046826710, auto   gasend, pageview ltscriptgt codepre  pAnd the last ID codeUA4046826710code is mine, but I cannot to see the traffic in my google analytics account, but the first account is showing traffic.p  pIs it that just one google analytics account can be used for seeing traffic on a website  I know it can be used to fitur adding account in google analytics, but I want to know, is that google analytics only use 1 ID for using it p
Negative 110 pI am quite new in PHP and Mysql and keep getting this error while I try to delete a selected file from the serverp  precodeltphp nombrearchivo  POST[delete] if issetPOST[submit4]  conmysqliconnect,,, if mysqliconnecterrno  echo Failed to connect to MySQL  . mysqliconnecterror  user  mysqliquerycon,SELECT user FROM archivosservidor WHERE nombrearchivonombrearchivo mysqliclosecon        unlink..uploads.user..nombrearchivo gt codepre  pThank you for your consideration on this matterp
Negative 110 pI am working with WCF and I have am looking to develop an API with multiple endpoints and namespaces. I have the multiple endpoints down, its just about how to whitelabel the namespace to the particular customer. p  pFor example, if Customer 1 connects I want the XML service definition to look something like thisp  precodeltpSomeRequest xmlnsphttpcustomer1.co.ukInfoGetInfov10 xmlnspadslhttpcustomer1.co.ukGetInfoBlahv1.0 xmlnsahttpcustomer1.co.ukfooInfoGetterv10gt codepre  pIf customer 2 connects, I want it to be like thisp  precodeltpSomeRequest xmlnsphttpcustomer2.co.ukInfoGetInfov10 xmlnspadslhttpcustomer2.co.ukGetInfoBlahv1.0 xmlnsahttpcustomer2.co.ukfooInfoGetterv10gt codepre  pIve had a google, but cant work out how to achieve this, any constructive advice is welcome. p  h1Code Snippeth1  precode[ServiceBehaviorNamespace  httpmydomain.co.uk] public class GetInfoService  IGetInfoService      private void SomeRequestobject request              if request  null                       Do Something                codepre  pMany Thanks, Danp
Negative 110 pIn form1 I have a timerp  precodeprivate void Form1Loadobject sender, EventArgs e                      System.Windows.Forms.Timer t1  new System.Windows.Forms.Timer             t1.Interval  50             t1.Tick  new EventHandlertimer1Tick             t1.Enabled  true          codepre  pThe tick eventp  precodeprivate void timer1Tickobject sender, EventArgs e                     label4.Text   SetProcessWindow.ApplicationIsActivated.ToString                      codepre  pAnd the ApplicationIsActivated methodp  precodepublic static bool ApplicationIsActivated                       Process[] Processes  Process.GetProcesses             foreach Process SingleProcess in Processes                              var activatedHandle  GetForegroundWindow                 if activatedHandle  IntPtr.Zero                                      return false                                  var procId  SingleProcess.IdProcess.GetCurrentProcess.Id                 int activeProcId                 GetWindowThreadProcessIdactivatedHandle, out activeProcId                  return activeProcId  procId                                   codepre  pI want somehow to monitor the processes and if I move any process to the front then show me it in label4 in form1.p  pApplicationIsActivated is not written good. First im not sure if making foreach each time is good and second im not sure how to return the activeProcId  procId per process.p
Negative 110 pI am working to create a view that contains a dropdownlist.  To generate the select list items, I wrote a method to return the list of codeSelectListItemcode desired for this dropdown  one of which has an attribute of Selected  set to true.p  pI have traced through the method generating the codeIEnumerableltSelectListItemgtcode representative of the options I wish to render, and it is returning the desired result.p  pHowever when I use codeHtml.DropDownListcode utilizing the codeIEnumerableltSelectListItemgtcode returned above, my rendered select element has an initial blank option which does not appear in the DOM.  Selecting any option will remove it, but I am confused as to why the selected option from the codeListltSelectListItemgtcode is not honored.p  pStatic method generating list of codeSelectListItemcodep  precodepublic static IEnumerableltSelectListItemgt GetDropDownValues      IEnumerableltMyClassgt myClassesForList  MyClass.GetItemsForList     ListltSelectListItemgt retVal  new ListltSelectListItemgt     retVal.Addnew SelectListItem  Text  Choose, Value  0, Selectedtrue       IEnumerableltSelectListItemgt myClassesSelectListItems          from x in myClassesForList         select new SelectListItem                      Text  x.Name,             Value  x.Value               return retVal.ConcatmyClassesSelectListItems  codepre  pPertinent Razor snippetp  precodeHtml.DropDownListdropDownVals, GetDropDownValues codepre  pstrongemEdit 1emstrong Screenshot of resulting dropdown listp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comc2snM.png altScreenshot of resulting DropDownListp
Negative 110 pI want to save multiple objects, and rollback all if any of them fail. But I also want to render the ActiveRecordRecordInvalid message so the user knows why it didnt save. How do I do thisp  precodedef savemultiplethingsorerror   ActiveRecordBase.transaction do     thingone.save     thingtwo.save   rescue ActiveRecordRecordInvalid gt exception      exception.message is what I want to render     raise ActiveRecordRollback   end end codepre  pThis doesnt work for a few reasons. I believe the rescue should be in a begin end block, but then if I raise the rollback, I lose the RecordInvalid exception.p
Negative 110 pI have a MySQL table column with enum data type 1,0 Yes,No. On runtime I want to change the yes option with checkmark and No option with crossmark. I am using bootstrap glyphicon. So far I have done the following p  precodeltphp if rowhealthplans[PlatinumPlan]1      echo ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconok textcentergtltspangt  else      echo ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconremovegtltspangt  gt codepre  pI dont know whats wrong but it is not working. Please help.p
Negative 110 pI have a problem with some codeOracle SQLcode code Im running and I cant for the life of me see what the problem is. I have this code that worksp  precodecreate or replace  PROCEDURE        XPCLOSESCORECARD pSCVERID IN NUMBER AS    XPCLOSESCORECARD   DESCRIPTION  Called when SC wkflw is marked complete.   CALLED BY  Scorecard workflow   MODIFICATION HISTORY  20080624 CJW   Setup.  20080822 CJW   Change to pull from views.  20090209 CJW   Enhancements.  20100818 EC    BVD update. STDINDSCODE changed to SICCOD9 code  20130117 EC    Version 7 updates. Remvoed logging to another table as cuases problems for Smartest to Support and investigate error.   vCPID              NUMBER vErrCode               NUMBER38 vErrMsg               VARCHAR2250 vPROCNAME              VARCHAR2250  BEGIN  vPROCNAME  XPCLOSESCORECARD     Copy data to OBXCRM      select CPID  INTO vCPID from scversion sv inner join scorecard sc on sc.id  sv.scorecardid  and sv.id  pSCVERID  INSERT INTO OBXCRMV2       OBXCRMID,     CPTYKEY,     CPTYNAME,     DBNUMBER,     SICCODE,     CPTYSCORE,     APPROVEDLIMIT,     SUGGESTEDLIMIT,     LIMITEXPIRATION,     LIMITCOMMENT,     APPROVAL0,APPROVAL0DT,     APPROVAL1,APPROVAL1DT,     APPROVAL2,APPROVAL2DT,     APPROVAL3,APPROVAL3DT,     APPROVAL4,APPROVAL4DT,     APPROVAL5,APPROVAL5DT,     APPROVAL6,APPROVAL6DT,     APPROVAL7,APPROVAL7DT,     CRDTINS,     CRDTINSLIMIT,     CRDTINSCOVERAGE,     CRDTINSEXPIRY,     CPTYCOMMENT,     CREATEDBY,     CREATEDTS      SELECT     NULL                                                                                                                        AS OBXCRMID,     TOCHARCP.COUNTERPARTYNUMBER                                                                                                      AS CPTYKEY,     TOCHARCP.NAME                                                                                                                     AS CPTYNAME,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING  FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10079                AS DBNUMBER,      SELECT TOCHARMAXD.ELEMENTVALUE FROM DNBCOMPANYDETAIL D WHERE D.COMPID   CP.ID         AND D.ELEMENTCODE  SICCOD9                                                                                    AS SICCODE,     SELECT TOCHARSCORE            FROM SCVERSION S WHERE  S.ID  pSCVERID                    AS CPTYSCORE,     SELECT TONUMBERVALUENUMBER     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10071               AS APPROVEDLIMIT,     SELECT TONUMBERSUGGCREDLIM  FROM SCVERSION S WHERE S.ID  pSCVERID                AS SUGGESTEDLIMIT,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10086               AS LIMITEXPIRATION,        SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM ATTRIBUTEVALUE V          WHERE ATTRIBUTEID  SELECT ID FROM ATTRIBUTE A WHERE NAME  SCRTAPC AND OWNERID  CP.ID                       AS LIMITCOMMENT,                        SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10077               AS APPROVAL0,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10088               AS APPROVAL0DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10130               AS APPROVAL1,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10131               AS APPROVAL1DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10072               AS APPROVAL2,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10085               AS APPROVAL2DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10070               AS APPROVAL3,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10083               AS APPROVAL3DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10075               AS APPROVAL4,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10082               AS APPROVAL4DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10078               AS APPROVAL5,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10081               AS APPROVAL5DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10073               AS APPROVAL6,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10080               AS APPROVAL6DT,      SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10128               AS APPROVAL7,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10127               AS APPROVAL7DT,       SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM ATTRIBUTEVALUE V          WHERE ATTRIBUTEID  SELECT ID FROM ATTRIBUTE A WHERE NAME  SCRDTINS AND OWNERID  CP.ID                       AS CRDTINS,                        SELECT CASE           WHEN valuefloat IS NULL              THEN TONUMBERREPLACEvaluestring, ,,           ELSE TONUMBERvaluefloat        END      FROM ATTRIBUTEVALUE V          WHERE ATTRIBUTEID  SELECT ID FROM ATTRIBUTE A WHERE NAME  SCRDTINSAMT AND OWNERID  CP.ID                   AS CRDTINSLIMIT,      SELECT CASE           WHEN valuefloat IS NULL              THEN TONUMBERREPLACEvaluestring, ,,           ELSE TONUMBERvaluefloat        END      FROM ATTRIBUTEVALUE V          WHERE ATTRIBUTEID  SELECT ID FROM ATTRIBUTE A WHERE NAME  SCRDTINSCOV AND OWNERID  CP.ID                   AS CRDTINSCOVERAGE,      SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM ATTRIBUTEVALUE V          WHERE ATTRIBUTEID  SELECT ID FROM ATTRIBUTE A WHERE NAME  SCRDTINSVAL AND OWNERID  CP.ID                   AS CRDTINSEXPIRY,      TOCHARCP.COMMENTS                                                                                                                 AS CPTYCOMMENT,         TOCHARvPROCNAME                                                                                                                   AS CREATEDBY,     SYSDATE                                                                                                                     AS CREATEDTS FROM      COUNTERPARTY        CP    WHERE      CP.ID  vCPID     END    codepre  pAnd this code that doesntp  precodecreate or replace  PROCEDURE        XPCLOSESCORECARD pSCVERID IN NUMBER AS    XPCLOSESCORECARD   DESCRIPTION  Called when SC wkflw is marked complete.   CALLED BY  Scorecard workflow   MODIFICATION HISTORY  20080624 CJW   Setup.  20080822 CJW   Change to pull from views.  20090209 CJW   Enhancements.  20100818 EC    BVD update. STDINDSCODE changed to SICCOD9 code  20130117 EC    Version 7 updates. Remvoed logging to another table as cuases problems for Smartest to Support and investigate error.   vCPID              NUMBER vErrCode               NUMBER38 vErrMsg               VARCHAR2250 vPROCNAME              VARCHAR2250  BEGIN  vPROCNAME  XPCLOSESCORECARD     Copy data to OBXCRM      select CPID  INTO vCPID from scversion sv inner join scorecard sc on sc.id  sv.scorecardid  and sv.id  pSCVERID  INSERT INTO OBXCRMV2       OBXCRMID,     CPTYKEY,     CPTYNAME,     DBNUMBER,     SICCODE,     CPTYSCORE,     APPROVEDLIMIT,     SUGGESTEDLIMIT,     LIMITEXPIRATION,     LIMITCOMMENT,     APPROVAL0,APPROVAL0DT,     APPROVAL1,APPROVAL1DT,     APPROVAL2,APPROVAL2DT,     APPROVAL3,APPROVAL3DT,     APPROVAL4,APPROVAL4DT,     APPROVAL5,APPROVAL5DT,     APPROVAL6,APPROVAL6DT,     APPROVAL7,APPROVAL7DT,     CRDTINS,     CRDTINSLIMIT,     CRDTINSCOVERAGE,     CRDTINSEXPIRY,     CPTYCOMMENT,     CREATEDBY,     CREATEDTS,     SRAIVA,     SRCSDA,     SRCEDA,     SARPT,     SARPM,     SGAEVA      SELECT     NULL                                                                                                                        AS OBXCRMID,     TOCHARCP.COUNTERPARTYNUMBER                                                                                                      AS CPTYKEY,     TOCHARCP.NAME                                                                                                                     AS CPTYNAME,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING  FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10079                AS DBNUMBER,      SELECT TOCHARMAXD.ELEMENTVALUE FROM DNBCOMPANYDETAIL D WHERE D.COMPID   CP.ID         AND D.ELEMENTCODE  SICCOD9                                                                                    AS SICCODE,     SELECT TOCHARSCORE            FROM SCVERSION S WHERE  S.ID  pSCVERID                    AS CPTYSCORE,     SELECT TONUMBERVALUENUMBER     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10071               AS APPROVEDLIMIT,     SELECT TONUMBERSUGGCREDLIM  FROM SCVERSION S WHERE S.ID  pSCVERID                AS SUGGESTEDLIMIT,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10086               AS LIMITEXPIRATION,        SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM ATTRIBUTEVALUE V          WHERE ATTRIBUTEID  SELECT ID FROM ATTRIBUTE A WHERE NAME  SCRTAPC AND OWNERID  CP.ID                       AS LIMITCOMMENT,                        SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10077               AS APPROVAL0,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10088               AS APPROVAL0DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10130               AS APPROVAL1,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10131               AS APPROVAL1DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10072               AS APPROVAL2,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10085               AS APPROVAL2DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10070               AS APPROVAL3,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10083               AS APPROVAL3DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10075               AS APPROVAL4,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10082               AS APPROVAL4DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10078               AS APPROVAL5,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10081               AS APPROVAL5DT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10073               AS APPROVAL6,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10080               AS APPROVAL6DT,      SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10128               AS APPROVAL7,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10127               AS APPROVAL7DT,       SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING     FROM ATTRIBUTEVALUE V          WHERE ATTRIBUTEID  SELECT ID FROM ATTRIBUTE A WHERE NAME  SCRDTINS AND OWNERID  CP.ID                       AS CRDTINS,                        SELECT CASE           WHEN valuefloat IS NULL              THEN TONUMBERREPLACEvaluestring, ,,           ELSE TONUMBERvaluefloat        END      FROM ATTRIBUTEVALUE V          WHERE ATTRIBUTEID  SELECT ID FROM ATTRIBUTE A WHERE NAME  SCRDTINSAMT AND OWNERID  CP.ID                   AS CRDTINSLIMIT,      SELECT CASE           WHEN valuefloat IS NULL              THEN TONUMBERREPLACEvaluestring, ,,           ELSE TONUMBERvaluefloat        END      FROM ATTRIBUTEVALUE V          WHERE ATTRIBUTEID  SELECT ID FROM ATTRIBUTE A WHERE NAME  SCRDTINSCOV AND OWNERID  CP.ID                   AS CRDTINSCOVERAGE,      SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE       FROM ATTRIBUTEVALUE V          WHERE ATTRIBUTEID  SELECT ID FROM ATTRIBUTE A WHERE NAME  SCRDTINSVAL AND OWNERID  CP.ID                   AS CRDTINSEXPIRY,      SELECT TONUMBERVALUENUMBER FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10285         AS SRAIVA,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10286         AS SRCSDA,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10287         AS SRCEDA,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING   FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10288         AS SARPT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING   FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10289         AS SARPM,     SELECT TONUMBERVALUENUMBER FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10290         AS SGAEVA,     TOCHARCP.COMMENTS                                                                                                                 AS CPTYCOMMENT,         TOCHARvPROCNAME                                                                                                                   AS CREATEDBY,     SYSDATE                                                                                                                     AS CREATEDTS FROM      COUNTERPARTY        CP    WHERE      CP.ID  vCPID     END    codepre  pThe difference between the two is the addition ofp  precodeSRAIVA, SRCSDA, SRCEDA, SARPT, SARPM, SGAEVA codepre  pNear the top, and the below near the bottom.p  precodeSELECT TONUMBERVALUENUMBER FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10285         AS SRAIVA,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10286         AS SRCSDA,     SELECT TODATEVALUEDATE     FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10287         AS SRCEDA,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING   FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10288         AS SARPT,     SELECT TOCHARVALUESTRING   FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10289         AS SARPM,     SELECT TONUMBERVALUENUMBER FROM SCELEMENT S WHERE S.SCVERSIONID  pSCVERID AND S.DATAELEMENTID  10290         AS SGAEVA, codepre  pI get the error p  blockquote   pcodeError38,1 PLSQL ORA00932 inconsistent datatypes expected DATE got NUMBERcode p blockquote  pwhen I try to compile it but I dont understand why. Line 38 is just  codeINSERT INTO OBXCRMV2code and doesnt give me any explanation of where the problem exists, and the extra lines conform to the same syntax as the code that works, as far as I can see. Any help would be greatly appreciated as Im a complete novice at this.p
Negative 110 pI am following a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comguidetopicsuisettings.htmlReadingPrefs relnofollowthis guidea to learn about Preferences in Android. p  pI have followed this method of reading default values of preferences in my following SSCCE, but it seems that the default values of preferences are not saved. strongI have added a check in the codeonItemSelectedcode method in codeMainActivitycode, and as a check, added the following lines in it.strong strongIt logs codeThe specified preference does not exist.code.strongp  precodeSharedPreferences sharedPreferences  PreferenceManager.getDefaultSharedPreferencesthis         String prefname sharedPreferences.getStringpreferenceseditTextPreferencekey, The specified preference does not exist.         Log.iTAG, The specified preference does not exist.check codepre  pstrongWhat am I missing, and how do I fix thisstrongp  pstrongemNotestrong I have seen a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17852576androidsharedpreferencesnotworkingthisa, a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9677719androidsharedpreferencesnotsavingthisa and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions23693240androidsharedpreferencesnotsavingthisa questions but they either deal with editing the values, or they have used to same method as me, so that could not resolve my problem.emp  hr  pp  h2SSCCEh2  pp  pstrongemLOGemstrongp  precode... 0709 233705.324 IMainActivity17813 The specified preference does not exist. ... codepre  pstrongemMainActivity.javaemstrongp  precodepublic class MainActivity extends FragmentActivity implements DrawerLayout.DrawerListener, ListView.OnItemClickListener      private static final String TAG  MainActivity.class.getSimpleName      private final String [] drawerListItems  Settings      private DrawerLayout drawerLayout     private FrameLayout frameLayout     private ListView drawerListView      private TextView textView      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain          drawerListView  ListView findViewByIdR.id.mainActivitylistView         drawerListView.setAdapternew ArrayAdapterltStringgtthis, android.R.layout.simplelistitem1, drawerListItems         drawerListView.setOnItemClickListenerthis          drawerLayout  DrawerLayout findViewByIdR.id.mainActivitydrawerLayout         drawerLayout.setDrawerListenerthis          frameLayout  FrameLayout findViewByIdR.id.mainActivityframeLayout          textView  TextView findViewByIdR.id.mainActivitytextView          PreferenceManager.setDefaultValuesthis, R.xml.preferences, false                 DrawerLayout.DrawerListener IMPLEMENTATION          Override     public void onDrawerClosedView arg0          frameLayout.setBackgroundColorColor.parseColor6A0888  Dark Purple Color            Override     public void onDrawerOpenedView arg0          frameLayout.setBackgroundColorColor.parseColorFE642E  Orange Color            Override     public void onDrawerSlideView arg0, float arg1       Override     public void onDrawerStateChangedint arg0            OnDrawerClickListener IMPLEMENTATION          Override     public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt parent, View view, int position, long id          frameLayout.setBackgroundColorColor.parseColorF7FE2E  Yellow Color           SharedPreferences sharedPreferences  PreferenceManager.getDefaultSharedPreferencesthis         String prefname sharedPreferences.getStringpreferenceseditTextPreferencekey, The specified preference does not exist.         Log.iTAG, The specified preference does not exist.check          if prefnamepreferencescheckBoxPreferencekey               Log.iTAG, The value of the preference with the key preferencescheckBoxPreferencekey is prefname.check             textView.append preferencescheckBoxPreferencekey           else if prefnamepreferencescheckBoxPreferencekey1               Log.iTAG, The value of the preference with the key preferencescheckBoxPreferencekey is prefname.check             textView.append preferencescheckBoxPreferencekey1           else if prefnamepreferencescheckBoxPreferencekey2               Log.iTAG, The value of the preference with the key preferencescheckBoxPreferencekey is prefname.check             textView.append preferencescheckBoxPreferencekey2                    drawerListView.setItemCheckedposition, true         drawerLayout.closeDrawerdrawerListView          startActivitynew Intentthis, MyPreferenceActivity.class       codepre  pstrongemMyPreferenceActivity.javaemstrongp  precodepublic class MyPreferenceActivity extends PreferenceActivity      static final String PREFKEY  preferencescheckBoxPreferencekey     static final String PREFONEKEY  preferencescheckBoxPreferencekey1     static final String PREFTWOKEY  preferencescheckBoxPreferencekey2       Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState          addPreferencesFromResourceR.xml.preferences        codepre  pstrongemactivitymain.xmlemstrongp  precodeltandroid.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools      androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent      androidididmainActivitydrawerLayout      toolscontextrelativePackage.activityClass      androidbackgroundFE2E2E gt lt Red Color gt      ltFrameLayout         androidididmainActivityframeLayout         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightmatchparent         androidbackground2E2EFE gt lt Electric Blue Color gt         ltTextView              androidididmainActivitytextView             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidtextstringmainActivitytextView             androidbackground00BFFFgt lt Ligter Blue Color gt     ltFrameLayoutgt      ltListView         androidididmainActivitylistView         androidlayoutwidth240dp         androidlayoutheightmatchparent         androidlayoutgravitystart         androidchoiceModesingleChoice         androiddividerandroidcolortransparent         androiddividerHeight0dp         androidbackground868A08 gt lt Bottle Green Color gt  ltandroid.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutgt codepre  pstrongemresxmlpreferences.xmlemstrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltPreferenceScreen xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid gt      ltEditTextPreference          androidtitlestringpreferenceseditTextPreferencetitle         androidsummarystringpreferenceseditTextPreferencetitle         androidkeypreferenceseditTextPreferencekey         androiddefaultValuepreferenceseditTextPreferencedefaultValue gt       ltEditTextPreference          androidtitlestringpreferenceseditTextPreferencetitle1         androidsummarystringpreferenceseditTextPreferencetitle1         androidkeypreferenceseditTextPreferencekey1         androiddefaultValuepreferenceseditTextPreferencedefaultValue1 gt       ltEditTextPreference          androidtitlestringpreferenceseditTextPreferencetitle2         androidsummarystringpreferenceseditTextPreferencetitle2         androidkeypreferenceseditTextPreferencekey2         androiddefaultValuepreferenceseditTextPreferencedefaultValue2 gt  ltPreferenceScreengt codepre  pstrongemresvaluesstrings.xmlemstrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltresourcesgt      ltstring nameappnamegtMinimal Preferences Using PreferenceActivity Testltstringgt     ltstring namepreferenceseditTextPreferencetitlegtPreference Titleltstringgt     ltstring namepreferenceseditTextPreferencesummarygtPreference Summaryltstringgt     ltstring namepreferenceseditTextPreferencedefaultValuegtEditText Default Valueltstringgt     ltstring namepreferenceseditTextPreferencetitle1gtPreference Titleltstringgt     ltstring namepreferenceseditTextPreferencesummary1gtPreference Summaryltstringgt     ltstring namepreferenceseditTextPreferencedefaultValue1gtEditText Default Valueltstringgt     ltstring namepreferenceseditTextPreferencetitle2gtPreference Titleltstringgt     ltstring namepreferenceseditTextPreferencesummary2gtPreference Summaryltstringgt     ltstring namepreferenceseditTextPreferencedefaultValue2gtEditText Default Valueltstringgt     ltstring nametitleactivitymypreferencegtMyPreferenceActivityltstringgt     ltstring namehelloworldgtHello worldltstringgt      ltstring namemainActivitytextViewgtI am a TextView.ltstringgt  ltresourcesgt codepre
Negative 110 pI am upgrading the pbs and maui in a small cluster with a single head node and several worker nodes. Ubuntu is installed on all the machines. To be honest, I am not a experienced people in the ip stuffs, though I read many guides recently. I have torque 5.1 and maui 3.3 installed. There is a previously installed nfs and it worked fine before I touch the etchosts files. I restored them with a backup to make the nfs work.p  pMy questions are p  ol liwhat is 127.0.1.1 in the etchosts file I found a hrefhttpserverfault.comquestions363095whydoesmyhostnameappearwiththeaddress127011ratherthan127001inthisa but I dont understand it at allli liwhy the nfs stopped when I removed the 127.0.1.1 lineli liin my case, the head node and worker nodes define 127.0.1.1 differently. Is that a problem since it is not a unique definition in the clusterli lisince I am going to use MPI eventually, is it going to slow down the data transfer i.e. mpiallreduce a lot I found a hrefhttpshelp.ubuntu.comcommunityMpichCluster relnofollowthisa on the web saying the host may look for itself as a worker node.li ol  pThe etchosts on one of the nodesp  precode127.0.0.1       localhost 127.0.1.1       worker01.dom    w01   The following lines are desirable for IPv6 capable hosts 1     localhost ip6localhost ip6loopback ff021 ip6allnodes ff022 ip6allrouters codepre  pThe etchosts on the head nodep  precode127.0.1.1       head.dom    head 127.0.0.1       localhost  192.168.1.21    worker01.dom    w01 ... other workers ...   The following lines are desirable for IPv6 capable hosts 1     localhost ip6localhost ip6loopback fe000 ip6localnet ff000 ip6mcastprefix ff021 ip6allnodes ff022 ip6allrouters codepre  pAny suggestion is welcome. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 110 pWhat I am asking is if there is a way, during runtime, to restrict the percentage of CPU accessible by a thread in JVM or in Dalvik See examplep  precodeprivate void functionRunningInsideThread       Do something       Lower access to CPU cycles       Do something else with access to lower CPU cycles       Remove CPU restrictions      return  codepre
Negative 110 pIve created new file in viewshome named index.blade.php. Now, in routes.php I havep  precodeRouteany, HomeControllerindex codepre  pHomeController.php looks like thisp  precodeclass HomeController extends BaseController     public function index          return Viewmakehome.index      codepre  pThe problem is that it doesnt work, but when I remove codehome.code leaving justp  precodereturn Viewmakeindex codepre  ptheres no problem. Can someone solve this, please Im using XAMPP and Ive changed my root folder top  precodeDocumentRoot EProjectstestpublic ltDirectory EProjectstestpublicgt codepre  pif that helps.p
Negative 110 pIm adding some paragraphs in QTextBrowser and want to add toolTip for them. I tried using hover but QTextBrower doesnt support hover I think.p  pIm able to call a function on clicking though. p  pEDITseperate toolTip for each one.p
Negative 110 pI am working on an API method that should accept an codeImagecode model object, which has a property codeListltCommentgt Commentscode. The codeImagecode POSTed from the mobile app works fine but if I include an array of codeCommentcode objects they arent showing up on the instance of the codeImagecode. Im not super great with C so any help would be appreciated.p  pstrongImage Classstrongp  precodepublic class Image      public int ImageId  get set      [Required]     public string Image  get set      [Required]     public string ContentType  get set      [Required]     public string Filename  get set      [Required]     public DateTime DateTaken  get set      [Required]     public int UserId  get set      [Required]     public int CompanyId  get set      [Required]     public int LocationId  get set      public decimal Lat  get set      public decimal Long  get set      public ListltApiCommentgt Comments  get set   codepre  pstrongComment Classstrongp  precodepublic class ApiComment      [Required]     public string Comment  get set      [Required]     public DateTime DateCreated  get set      [Required]     public int UserId  get set   codepre  pstrongBeginning of ImagesControllerstrongp  precodepublic class ImagesController  ApiController       [System.Web.Http.HttpPost]     public ActionResult PostImage image codepre
Negative 110 pI am very new to Django Framework. I am trying to create an app that would take info entered by User in HTML form to Cloudant Database. p  pSo if I entered something in my HTML form it should store that data inside cloudant.p  pMy issues is that I am not sure what to include in settings.py so it would use Cloudant as a database instead of mySQL. p  pCurrently my app works with mySQL, but it would give an error if I make any changes in settings.pyp  pDATABASES  p  precode    default      ENGINE django.db.backends.sqlite3,     NAME os.path.joinBASEDIR, db.sqlite3,     USER ,  codepre  pI have used pip command for cloudant,  I have imported it in settings.py as well.p  pany help here is much appreciated. p
Negative 110 pI am building iOS App using swift and Xcode version 6.3p  pI have created a tableview,searchbar as an outlet.p  pAfter that i created a new class ProjectTableviewCell as subclass of UITableview cell.p  pIn my storyboard i connected multiple labels to prototype cell.p  pI implemented searchbar methods.And its filtering data in the tableviewcell properly.This all working fine.p  pIn default before i search any content tableview displays list of contents.p  pAfter the filtering operation it displays only the particular filtered array only.p  pThe problem now i am facing is in tableview cell contents is not displaying.p  pMy Expected output is i want to show the filtered array with the existing cell contents in my tableview.p  precodeclass myProjects UIViewController,UITableViewDataSource,UITableViewDelegate,UISearchBarDelegate    IBOutlet weak var projectTable UITableView IBOutlet weak var searchProject UISearchBar var project  [String] var searchActive  Bool  false  var filtered[String]  [] Search Bar Methods func searchBarTextDidBeginEditingsearchBar UISearchBar      searchActive  true   func searchBarTextDidEndEditingsearchBar UISearchBar      searchActive  false   func searchBarCancelButtonClickedsearchBar UISearchBar      searchActive  false   func searchBarSearchButtonClickedsearchBar UISearchBar      searchActive  false   func searchBarsearchBar UISearchBar, textDidChange searchText String       filtered  project.filter text gt Bool in         let tmp NSString  text         let range  tmp.rangeOfStringsearchText, options NSStringCompareOptions.CaseInsensitiveSearch         return range.location  NSNotFound          iffiltered.count  0         searchActive  false      else          searchActive  true          self.projectTable.reloadData    func tableViewtableView UITableView, numberOfRowsInSection section Int gt Int          ifsearchActive          return filtered.count                  return project.count           func tableViewtableView UITableView, cellForRowAtIndexPath indexPath NSIndexPath gt UITableViewCell       let textCellIdentifier  Cell     let cell  tableView.dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifiertextCellIdentifier, forIndexPath indexPath as projectTableViewCell     let row  indexPath.row      ifsearchActive         cell.textLabel.text  filtered[indexPath.row]       else      cell.contentView.viewWithTag1  as UILabel.text  project[row] as String          cell.contentView.viewWithTag3  as UILabel.text  projectStatus[row] as String     cell.contentView.viewWithTag7  as UILabel.text  ProjectDescription[row] as String     cell.contentView.viewWithTag12 as UILabel.text  category[row] as String     cell.contentView.viewWithTag13 as UILabel.text  subcategory[row] as String     cell.contentView.viewWithTag14 as UILabel.text  projectTags[row] as String     cell.contentView.viewWithTag15 as UILabel.text  skillNeeded[row] as String     cell.contentView.viewWithTag16 as UILabel.text  budget[row] as String     cell.contentView.viewWithTag17 as UILabel.text  timeFrames[row] as String     cell.contentView.viewWithTag18 as UILabel.text  location[row] as String      return cell  codepre  pI am Beginner in Swift.Your help will be much appreciated.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to use a hrefhttpsgithub.commdredzecarmenpython relnofollowCarmena to infer the location of tweets that do not have explicit geocoding, but strongCarmen doesnt recognize my valid JSONformatted tweet as valid JSON tweets.strongp  pWhen I run through the command linep  precodePython python m carmen.cli [control.json] [test] codepre  pThe file a hrefhttpsgist.github.comDavidYi1d082902ee13c82349a4d relnofollowcontrol.jsona has only one of the tweets and it runs through properly. This tweet was obtained using Twitter API.p  pI used Tweepy to sample tweets from the Twitter Stream in order to write all the tweets into one file. Carmen does not seem to recognize the tweets as valid JSON. a hrefhttpsgist.github.comDavidYi1da9889c809592af4032a relnofollowJSONLinta says that my tweets are valid JSON. p  pstrongDoes Carmen only work for Twitter API and single tweets alonestrongp  pstrongAnd if it does work for Tweepy and multitweet files, what is the appropriate input for Carmenstrongp
Negative 110 pI have a CSV file that I have created parsed with all the day I need and set to the format I would like the Jasper Report to display the data in commadelimeted form.p  pi.e br null,Column0,Column1,Column2, ... , Columnn br Row0,R0C0,R0C1,R0C2,...R0Cn  br Row1,R0C0,R1C1,R1C2,...R1Cn  br Row2,R2C0,R2C1,R2C2,...R2Cn  br .  br .  br .  br Rown,RnC0,RnC1,RnC2,...RnCn  brp  pIve been tinkering around for the past day and am trying out crosstabs. Since Im using CSV datasource its easy to get columns and set these, however, im not sure how I can obtain the actual values i.e. R0C0, etc.  Ive tried making so that CSV Column 1  Row Names and CSV Column 2  column names so that I can easily just grab these 2 columns and set them as the row group and column group. However it still leaves me with the issue of the Data Measure. p  pCan anyone provide any suggestions I understand it might be easier with newer versions, however, Im stuck with 3.6.0p
Negative 110 pIm new to NodeJS and the event loop concept, to me it sounds that this nonblocking IO is more like busy waiting concept in the OS, I am really wondering what is the difference between Event Loop and busy waiting.p  pThanksp
Negative 110 pI am making a multiplayer game using a clientserver model and I am trying to implement some latency compensation techniques.p  pSo far I have clientside prediction working with basic correction. When the client receives a position from the server, it asks am I close enough  if the answer is yes, the new position is disregarded otherwise, the player teleports there no interpolation, yet.p  pThis all works surprisingly well. The problem arises where outer corners are concerned. Imagine a player is moving towards such a corner, like sop  precode       P              codepre  pSometimes, the client predicts that the player hit the wall first, but the server thinks the player hit the floor first. So, clientside prediction moves the player to point A below, until correction kicks in and the player teleports to point B.p  precodeB            A codepre  pHow can situations like this be avoided It seems to me that even with interpolation, the result would still look strange. I cant think of any way to solve such a discrepancy short of preventing it from occurring in the first place, but Im not sure how to do that, either.p
Negative 110 pI am new to java programming. This snippet calculates no of letters in each word and stores it as a stringexcluding the spaces but it is only calculating till large and not counting no of letters in container.p  precodeclass piSong      String pi  31415926535897932384626433833     public void isPiSongString exp              int i,count0         String counter           String str         System.out.printlnexp.charAt25         fori0iltexp.length1i                      ifCharacter.isWhitespaceexp.charAti                str  Integer.toStringcount                 counter  str                 count  0                 continue                          count                   System.out.printlncounter       public class isPiSong     public static void mainString[] args              piSong p  new piSong         String exp  can i have a large container         p.isPiSongexp        codepre  pexpected output314157p  pcurrent output 31415p
Negative 110 pLets say I have this integer array of separate integer elements  p  precode111100010011010 codepre  pId like to find out if there exists code0000code in this array, which obviously does not, but code000code exists. Same goes for other lengths of consecutive runs.p  pI know this is easily done with strings, there are built in functions for this, but is there something built in which accomplishes what I want to dop  pOr is there another easy method I overlooked All I can come up with are complicated non efficient algorithms going through the array and saving values in a temporary other array.p
Negative 110 pIm trying to manipulate the data that is sent back to the client via Deepstream with the new codedataTransformscode API, however, I always get codeUncaught SyntaxError Unexpected end of inputcode in the console. It might be that it takes too long to make the database lookup for Deepstream but Im not quite sure.p  pMy relevant code isp  precodeDSServer.setdataTransforms, [        topic DSServer.constants.TOPIC.RECORD,     action DSServer.constants.ACTIONS.READ,     transform transformRecord    ]  var transformRecord  function data, metadata    if metadata.recordName.split[0]  team      var newmemberinfo  []     var i  0      .forEachdata.members, function members        r.tableuser.getmembers.userid.run         .thenfunction doc            if doc  null              newmemberinfo.push               userid members.userid,               displayname doc.d.displayname,               username doc.d.username                           i  1              if i  data.members.length                data.members  newmemberinfo               return data                                          .errorfunction err            console.errorerr                  else      return data     codepre  pWhenever there is READ from a RECORD it will check if its a read from the team record. If it is a read from the teamrecord it will fetch all members that are a part of that team and add it to members .p  pWhen it has iterated over all members and added the information about them it will return the new data.p  pSo, any idea what might be wrongp  pAm I understanding the codedataTransformscode wrongp
Negative 110 pIs there a easy way to get points with black outline in gnuplot Im using standard color filled point types, for examplep  precodeset style line 3  lc rgb 4682B4 pt 9 ps 0.65 codepre  pbut I need to make sure that the plot will be easily readable in black amp white version too. Black outlines would help, how can I add them  p
Negative 110 pThe following code allows me to filter a clientdataset by one fieldp  precodebegin dmodule.cds.DisableControls try   dmodule.cds.Filtered  False    dmodule.cds.FilterOptions  [foCaseInsensitive,foNoPartialCompare]   dmodule.cds.Filter  Field LIKE  QuotedStr editSearch.Text      dmodule.cds.Filtered  True finally   dmodule.cds.EnableControls end codepre  pI have added in another line after the first cds.Filter line which I thought would allow me to filter by another field but it doesnt bring back any records.p  pThe line isp  precodedmodule.cds.Filter  Field2 LIKE  QuotedStr editSearch.Text   codepre  pDo I need to do something else to allow multiple filteringp  pThanks,p
Negative 110 pI have a requirement of filtering a already filtered sheet using google apps script. p  pHere is what I am using for filtering my sheet.p  precodefunction filterColumncolumnIndex    var currentSheet  SpreadsheetApp.getActiveSpreadsheet.getActiveSheet   var cFirst  0, cSecond  0   var data  currentSheet.getRange1, 1, currentSheet.getLastRow1, currentSheet.getLastColumn.getValues    forvar i0, dLendata.length iltdLen i      ifdata[i][columnIndex] gt 100000        cFirst             forvar jdLendata.length1 jgt0 j      ifdata[j][columnIndex] lt 100000              cSecond      else        break            var rIndex  data.length  cFirstcSecond    currentSheet.hideRows2, data.length    currentSheet.showRowsrIndex1, cFirst    codepre  pI am firstly sorting the sheet based on the column used for filtering sorting is done using a different function, then stronghiding the rowsstrong that are less thannot matching the numberkeyword.p  pIf I sort it using only one column then it works like a charm, but if I try to filter the already filtered sheet, it does not work as expected because it is also considering the previously filtered rows. As it can be seen in Line 4.p  pI want to achieve by stronghiding the rows not deletingstrong if possible.  I can proceed with resaving this as a new sheet but I want a simpleeasy solution. Can someone help me modify this or with a new filtering script that can help me achieve what I want. I had tried looking into google documentation but with no luckp  pPlease helpp
Negative 110 pIs there any way to make Perl 6 not require codemycode to declare variables  I tried thisp  precodeusrbinperl6 no strict no warnings  z  hello world say z codepre  pBut that didnt workp  precodeSORRY Error while compiling .helloworld.pl Variable z is not declared at .helloworld.pl5 gt z  hello world     expecting any of         postfix codepre  pEDIT Ihis is a bug in Rakudo.  See Perl 6 spec a hrefhttpdesign.perl6.orgS01.html relnofollowhttpdesign.perl6.orgS01.htmla The official Rakudo package appears to go out of date very quickly.  It is recommended that you compile from source a hrefhttprakudo.orghowtogetrakudo relnofollowhttprakudo.orghowtogetrakudoap
Negative 110 pI have a codeLinearLayoutcode that contains multiple codeImageButtoncodes and codeTextViewscode.  Something like thisp  precode lt LinearLayout     i         i          text here        i     codepre  pThese items are hard to tap.  I want to increase their tappable area.  It seems as if codeTouchDelegatecode is the proper way to do this.  p  pHowever, codeview.getParent.setTouchDelegatenew TouchDelegater, childcode is a 11 mapping, not a 1Many mapping.  So how would one solve this problem when a codeViewcode has multiple children that each need to be tappable beyond their boundsp
Negative 110 pAttached is my gulpfile.jsp  precodeelixirfunctionmix                                                           Compiling SASS to this file                                             mix.sassapp.scss                                                        Merge these files to one.                                               mix.styles[                                                                   vendorbootstrap.css,                                                    app.css                                                              ], null, publiccss                                                  codepre  pThe following are my code.scsscode files. All of them are under 100 lines of code.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comU0kMb.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comU0kMb.png altenter image description hereap  pI started a timer for running codegulpcode on my Homestead VM, and it takes 20 seconds to merge the files.p  pThese are the console outputsp  precodevagranthomesteadCodelaravel     gulp [014304] Using gulpfile Codelaravelgulpfile.js [014304] Starting default... [014304] Starting sass... [014304] Running Sass resourcesassetssassapp.scss [014306] Finished default after 1.75 s [014306] gulpnotify [Laravel Elixir] Sass Compiled [014306] Finished sass after 2.01 s [014306] Starting styles... [014306] Merging publiccssvendorbootstrap.css, publiccssapp.css [014306] Finished styles after 50 ms codepre  pThe code2.01scode it says is grossly underestimated. p  pCould someone help me figure out why it takes so long for gulp to compile my SCSS files p
Negative 110 pI have three buttons inside my activity.  They all passing the user to the same activity, but each one of them, passing the user to a different section on the next activitys navigation drawer. p  pMy question is how can I create an intent to a section of a navigation drawer on a different activityp
Negative 110 pTo clarify, I want to redirectp  precodedomain.page.co.ukpathlangde codepre  pto p  precodede.page.co.ukpath codepre  pwhere path will change according to the page I am on. p  pI want to keep the path of my own domain without the appending parameter at the end but based on my parameter, change the new domain accordingly. So that I can add more rewrite rules for different languages, i.e. langfr. p  pI have tried a few ways but none of them were successful. I am not familiar with htaccess rewrite rule syntaxes. Here are what I have tried based on what I could find onlinep  precodeRewriteRule [d].page.co.uk lang1 [L,QSA]  RewriteCond REQUESTURI .langde RewriteRule . httpde.page.co.uk1 [R302,NC]  RewriteRule de..  .langde  [NC,L]  codepre
Negative 110 pI have a HAM radio database and Im trying to count the number of countries contacted per band for a given month March 2014 in this example. My SQL statement works perfectly well in the MS Access Database tool, but from my Java program I get only a partial result. I see an incorrect rowcount.p  pIve been struggling with this for a few days now and cant get it to work.p  pHere is my SQLp  precodeSELECT count AS cdxcc, dxcc, rfband  FROM SELECT  dxcc,ldate,rfband FROM logbook AS tmp  where midlogbook.ldate,403.2014 GROUP BY dxcc,rfband ORDER BY dxcc codepre  pIn MsAccess the windows program, I get these correct resultsp  precodecdxcc   dxcc        rfband 5       Canada      15m 3       Canada      20m 2       England     40m 18      England     80m 1       Germany     80m 4       Poland      20m 1       Scotland    80m 1       Sweden      20m 1       USA         12m 12      USA         15m 1       Wales       60m codepre  pHowever, in my Java program, I only get back as many rows as per the cdxcc count in the first record, which in this case is 5. So Im getting just the first 5 rows, and after that a SQLjava error ResultSet is closed.p  pFor a different month, the first row might have a count of 1, and I get just 1 record back.  As a debug, I found this handy code here on stackoverflow, and it confirms 5, which is wrong. The correct answer should be 11 for this examplep  precodeif rs.last    rowcount  rs.getRow   rs.beforeFirst   codepre  pDoes anyone recognize this problem and know a solutionp  pindeed the query was too complicated, this works as well, but unfortuately with the same results   p  blockquote   pSELECT count AS cdxcc,dxcc,rfband,ldate  FROM logbook AS tmp where   midldate,403.2014 GROUP BY dxcc,rfband,ldate ORDER BY dxccp blockquote  pUnfortunately with the same wrong result.p  pI have a lot of other SQL statements in my code and they all work fine, its just this one. The java code is here trycatch and other nonessential code omittedp  precodeprivate static final String accessDBURLPrefix  jdbcodbcDriverMicrosoft Access Driver .mdb, .accdbDBQ private static final String accessDBURLSuffix  DriverID22READONLYfalse String currdbaccessDBpath  logbookdb  path and filename of .mdb file private Statement stm  null private ResultSet rsnull private Connection dbconn  null String dbDriver  sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcDriver Class.forNamedbDriver String dbURL  accessDBURLPrefix  currdb  accessDBURLSuffix dbconn  DriverManager.getConnectiondbURL,, stm  dbconn.createStatementResultSet.TYPESCROLLINSENSITIVE,     ResultSet.CONCURREADONLY   This function is called by a JSP page that contains the aforementioned query public boolean dbQueryString q      rs  stm.executeQueryq      int rowcount  0      if rs.last            rowcount  rs.getRow           rs.beforeFirst           System.out.printlnRowcount rowcount     return true  codepre  pIm not an SQL expert, but plenty of insert,update and read queries in my code, accessing the same database, all seem to work just fine. No concurrency required, single user only.p
Negative 110 pTrying to implement a user authentication with simple http session using angular and spring.brbr In codeindex.jspcodemy home page, a codengviewcode is being used.br But since the coderouteProvidercode is not able to find the template from codetemplateUrlcode for url codelogincodewhich i think is the reason for the strongemerrorsemstrong,br hence only codeindex.jspcode page is getting rendered, and codengviewcode is not rendering and strongemerrorsemstrong are also occuring.brbr Error and relevant codes are attached below along with a snapshot of my folder structure.brbrp  pAccording to my limited knowledge, it is the way i am referring to my templates through codetemplateUrlcode that is causing the strongerrorstrongbrbr a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comsgNc1.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsgNc1.jpg altenter image description hereabrbrbr strongerror snippetstrongp  precodeError [injectorunpr] Unknown provider templateRequestProvider lt   templateRequest lt route lt ngViewDirective codepre  pstrongindex.jspstrongp  precodelt page languagejava contentTypetexthtml charsetISO88591 pageEncodingISO88591gt lt taglib prefixc urihttpjava.sun.comjspjstlcoregt ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD HTML 4.01 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRhtml4loose.dtdgt lthtml ngappPMAppgt ltheadgt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetISO88591gt lttitlegtAUTHlttitlegt ltscript datarequireangular.js datasemver1.2.13 srchttpcode.angularjs.org1.2.13angular.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srchttpscdnjs.cloudflare.comajaxlibsangular.js1.4.3angularroute.jsgt   ltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srcltcurl valueresourcesjsapp.js gtgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srcltcurl valueresourcesjsLoginController.js gtgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srcltcurl valueresourcesjsMainController.js gtgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt         lth2gtHello WorldJust trying the AUTHENTICATION . . .lth2gt          ltdiv ngviewgtltdivgt                    ltbodygt     lthtmlgt codepre  pstrongapp.jsstrongp  precodevar PMApp   var App  angular.modulePMApp, [ngRoute]  App.config[routeProvider, functionrouteProvider     console.login routeprovider         routeProvider.whenlogin,               templateUrl resourcesviewsloginLayout.html,              controller LoginController                   routeProvider.whenmain,               templateUrl resourcesviewsmainLayout.html,              controller MainController                   routeProvider.otherwiseredirectTo login      ]  App.runfunctionrootScope, location        register listener to watch route changes      rootScope.onrouteChangeStart, functionevent, next, current            console.logRoutechanged sessionIdrootScope.SessionId            if rootScope.SessionId    rootScope.SessionId  null                  no logged user, we should be going to login              if next.templateUrl  resourcesviewsloginLayout.html                    already going to login, no redirect needed               else                    not going to login, we should redirect now                  location.pathlogin                                 codepre  pDo ask for more details if required. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 110 pGiven the following data model, is there a way to update or set a child relationship without updating the existing child objectp  pstrongData Modelstrongp  precodeclass Person Object      dynamic var id  0     dynamic var dog Dog      override static func primaryKey gt String          return id        class Dog Object      dynamic var id  0     dynamic var name        override static func primaryKey gt String          return id       codepre  pstrongCodestrongp  precodelet realm  Realm   query existing dog let existingDog  realm.objectForPrimaryKeyDog.self, key 42 printexistingDog  id 42, name Rex   create new dog and person let newDog  Dogvalue [id 42, name Pluto] let person  Person   realm.write       this shouldnt update the existing dog      i.e. the name of the dog with id 42 in the database should still be Rex     person.dog  newDog     realm.addperson, update true  codepre  pIve also tried to do this via coderealm.createcode but had no success either. Any ideasp
Negative 110 pI am trying to learn java nio API and I created simple clientserver application, but I cannot make it working as expected. Clients connection is established in server, but when sending data from client to server or otherwise, 0 bytes are sent.p  pHeres the codep  pCharSever.javap  precodepublic class ChatServer      private final int port     private ListltClientgt clients      public ChatServerint port          this.port  port         clients  Collections.synchronizedListnew ArrayListltgt           public static void main String[] args               System.out.printlnStart         final ChatServer chatServer  new ChatServer1337         try              chatServer.run          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace                    private void run throws IOException          final AsynchronousServerSocketChannel listener  AsynchronousServerSocketChannel.open          listener.bindnew InetSocketAddressport          listener.acceptnull, new CompletionHandlerltAsynchronousSocketChannel, Voidgt              public void completedAsynchronousSocketChannel newClient, Void attachment                  listener.acceptnull, this                 handlenewClient                           public void failedThrowable exc, Void attachment                  System.out.printlnError occured in accept                                boolean running  true         BufferedReader br  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderSystem.in         whilerunning              String line  br.readLine             ifline  null                  continue                          ifline.trim.equalsquit                  sendAllQuitting                  IteratorltClientgt iterator  clients.iterator                  while iterator.hasNext                      Client client  iterator.next                     client.getChannel.close                      iterator.remove                               else                  sendAllline                                 private void sendAllString message          clients.stream.forEachclient gt              try                  byte[] bytes  message.getBytesUTF8                 ByteBuffer bb  ByteBuffer.allocatebytes.length                 bb.putbytes                  System.out.printlnclient.getChannel.writebb.get              catch UnsupportedEncodingException e                  e.printStackTrace              catch InterruptedException e                  e.printStackTrace              catch ExecutionException e                  e.printStackTrace                                private void handleAsynchronousSocketChannel channel          System.out.printNew client connected         Client newClient  new Clientchannel         clients.addnewClient       codepre  pClient.javap  precodepublic class Client implements CompletionHandlerltInteger, Objectgt      private final AsynchronousSocketChannel channel     private ByteBuffer byteBuffer  ByteBuffer.allocate1024      public ClientAsynchronousSocketChannel channel          this.channel  channel          channel.readbyteBuffer, null, this           public AsynchronousSocketChannel getChannel          return channel           Override     public void completedInteger result, Object attachment          try              byte[] dest  new byte[result]             byteBuffer.getdest, 0, result             String message  new Stringdest, UTF8             System.out.printlnmessage          catch UnsupportedEncodingException e              e.printStackTrace                   byteBuffer.clear          channel.readbyteBuffer, null, this            Override     public void failedThrowable exc, Object attachment          exc.printStackTrace       codepre  pChatClient.javap  precodepublic class ChatClient implements CompletionHandlerltInteger, ByteBuffergt       private final String host     private final int port     private AsynchronousSocketChannel client     private ServerHandler server      public ChatClientString host, int port          this.host  host         this.port  port           public static void main String[] args               System.out.printlnStart         final ChatClient chatClient  new ChatClient127.0.0.1, 1337         try              chatClient.run          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace          catch InterruptedException e              e.printStackTrace          catch ExecutionException e              e.printStackTrace                    private void run throws IOException, ExecutionException, InterruptedException          client  AsynchronousSocketChannel.open         InetSocketAddress hostAddress  new InetSocketAddresshost, port          client.connecthostAddress.get         client.setOptionStandardSocketOptions.SOKEEPALIVE, true         client.setOptionStandardSocketOptions.SORCVBUF, 1024         client.setOptionStandardSocketOptions.SOSNDBUF, 1024          server  new ServerHandlerclient          boolean running  true         BufferedReader br  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderSystem.in         whilerunning              String line  br.readLine              ifline  null ampamp line.trim.equalsquit                  sendQuitting              else                  sendline                                 private void sendString message          try              byte[] bytes  message.getBytesUTF8              ByteBuffer byteBuffer  ByteBuffer.allocatebytes.length             System.out.printlnBytes remaining  byteBuffer.remaining  always value gt 0             byteBuffer.putbytes               FutureltIntegergt f  client.writebyteBuffer              System.out.printlnBytes sent   f.get  always 0             System.out.printlnf.isDone  always true          catch UnsupportedEncodingException e              e.printStackTrace          catch InterruptedException e              e.printStackTrace          catch ExecutionException e              e.printStackTrace                    Override     public void completedInteger result, ByteBuffer byteBuffer          System.out.printlnsent...  result           Override     public void failedThrowable exc, ByteBuffer byteBuffer          exc.printStackTrace       codepre  pServerHandler.javap  precodepublic class ServerHandler implements CompletionHandlerltInteger, Objectgt      private final AsynchronousSocketChannel channel     private final ByteBuffer byteBuffer  ByteBuffer.allocate1024     public ServerHandlerAsynchronousSocketChannel channel          this.channel  channel          channel.readbyteBuffer, null, this           Override     public void completedInteger result, Object attachment           try              String message  new StringbyteBuffer.array, UTF8             System.out.printlnmessage             byteBuffer.clear              channel.readbyteBuffer, null, this          catch UnsupportedEncodingException e              e.printStackTrace                    Override     public void failedThrowable exc, Object attachment        codepre  pp
Negative 110 pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comfi6SL.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfi6SL.png altenter image description hereap  ponce I pressed a button for the popup to appear, the popup window would overlap the whole GUI except the number in the colour wheel as shown in the picture below . any methods the I could use to prevent the number from overlapping the popup windowp  pthe cssp  precode.overlay      backgroundcolor rgba0, 0, 0, 0.6     bottom 0     cursor default     left 0     opacity 0     position fixed     right 0     top 0     visibility hidden     zindex 0      webkittransition opacity .5s     moztransition opacity .5s     mstransition opacity .5s     otransition opacity .5s     transition opacity .5s  .overlaytarget      visibility visible     opacity 1  .popup h2color07839f lineheight1.8em .popup      backgroundcolor fff     border 3px solid fff     display inlineblock     left 50 color666     opacity 0     padding 15px     position fixed     textalign justify     top 40     visibility hidden     zindex 10      webkittransform translate50, 50     moztransform translate50, 50     mstransform translate50, 50     otransform translate50, 50     transform translate50, 50      webkitborderradius 10px     mozborderradius 10px     msborderradius 10px     oborderradius 10px     borderradius 10px      webkitboxshadow 0 1px 1px 2px rgba0, 0, 0, 0.4 inset     mozboxshadow 0 1px 1px 2px rgba0, 0, 0, 0.4 inset     msboxshadow 0 1px 1px 2px rgba0, 0, 0, 0.4 inset     oboxshadow 0 1px 1px 2px rgba0, 0, 0, 0.4 inset     boxshadow 0 1px 1px 2px rgba0, 0, 0, 0.4 inset      webkittransition opacity .5s, top .5s     moztransition opacity .5s, top .5s     mstransition opacity .5s, top .5s     otransition opacity .5s, top .5s     transition opacity .5s, top .5s  .overlaytarget.popup      top 50     opacity 1     visibility visible  .close      backgroundcolor rgba0, 0, 0, 0.8     height 30px     lineheight 30px     position absolute     right 0     textalign center     textdecoration none     top 15px     width 30px      webkitborderradius 15px     mozborderradius 15px     msborderradius 15px     oborderradius 15px     borderradius 15px  .closebefore      color rgba255, 255, 255, 0.9     content X     fontsize 24px     textshadow 0 1px rgba0, 0, 0, 0.9   .popup p, .popup div      marginbottom 10px  .popup label      display inlineblock     textalign left     width 180px     colorblack  .popup input[typetext], .popup input[typenumber]      margin 0     padding 4px backgroundd8f6fd      border 1px solid 66c8de     mozboxshadow 0 1px 1px ddd inset, 0 1px 0 fff     webkitboxshadow 0 1px 1px ddd inset, 0 1px 0 fff     boxshadow 0 1px 1px ddd inset, 0 1px 0 fff     mozborderradius 3px     webkitborderradius 3px     borderradius 3px   sync     webkitborderradius 28     mozborderradius 28     borderradius 28px     fontfamily Georgia     color ffffff     background 34b8d9     padding 10px 20px 10px 20px     outline0  codepre
Negative 110 pI am building a Windows 10 Uiversal App Web App Project Westminster. And I am testing it on my local device, which is a Surface Pro 3 running Windows 10. The app is running somoothly and as expected in desktop mode, but when I detach the keyboard and switch the device to tablet mode, the soft keyboard wont show up when I focus on the input areas, textareas etc. So I cant even login etc.p  pHowever, if I run it on a Windows Phone emulator, the keyboard does show up when input got focused.p  pIs there some configurations I need to set for my App so that the soft keyboard would show as expected on tablets Thanksp
Negative 110 pWere having a weird problem when using Castle.Windsor to instantiate an SqlConnection using a typed factoryp  pThe registration looks like thisp  precodecontainer.RegisterComponent.ForltIDbConnectionFactorygt.AsFactory.LifestyleTransient  container.RegisterComponent.ForltIDbConnectiongt.ImplementedByltSqlConnectiongt             .LifestyleTransient             .DependsOnDependency.OnValueltstringgt             ConfigurationManager.ConnectionStrings[DbConnectionString].ConnectionString codepre  pAnd the codeIDbConnectionFactorycodep  precodepublic interface IDbConnectionFactory      IDbConnection Create     void Release  codepre  pNow, when I try to access a new connection using this codep  precodeusing var connection  connectionFactory.Create    codepre  pI get an exceptionp  precodeAn unhandled exception of type  Castle.MicroKernel.ComponentActivator.ComponentActivatorException occurred  in Castle.Windsor.dll  Additional information Error setting property SqlConnection.AccessToken in component  System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection. See inner exception for more information.  If you dont want Windsor to set this property you can do it by either decorating it  with DoNotWireAttribute or via registration API.  Alternatively consider making the setter nonpublic. codepre  pThe problem with this Exception is that the type codeSqlConnectioncode in System.Data for .NET 4.5.1 does not contain the property codeAccessTokencode whereas the one in .NET 4.6 does. In other words, if I try to manually do p  precodevar connection  new SqlConnectionconnectionstring connection.AccessToken   codepre  pI get a builderror if the project is configured for .NET 4.5.1, but a runtime error on setting the AccessToken if its configured for .NET 4.6.p  pAny idea why Castle.Windsor attempts to create a v4.6 SqlConnection instead of a .NET 4.5.1p  pstrongWorkaroundHackstrongp  pI can get around the problem by telling Castle to ignore the property, but this seems like a hack. Doing this requires me to add it to the codePropertiesIgnorecode in the registrationp  precodecontainer.RegisterComponent.ForltIDbConnectiongt.ImplementedByltSqlConnectiongt             .PropertiesIgnoreinfo gt info.Name.EqualsAccessToken             .LifestyleTransient             .DependsOnDependency.OnValueltstringgt                        ConfigurationManager.ConnectionStrings[DbConnectionString].ConnectionString codepre
Negative 110 pbr I seek for help on an issue where I observe a massive amount of malformed packet TNS observed with wireshark version 1.12.06 while selecting data from an Oracle Database 12c Release 12.1.0.1.0  64bit Production.brI can select the data, but the performance is misserable slow. I can reproduce this with an c application using oracle .net driver, from within R using RODBC and from the sqlplus command. However, using the Oracle SQL Developer studio seems to not produce this malfomred packets on the network and, hence, the performance is as I would expect.br The background of my question is the fact that the performance of codeSELECTcode was very very poor. I observed that the workstation was retriving data at 10 Bits and sending data with 6 MBits doing an codeSELECTcode . This turned my attention to the network layer. I admit that I am new to oracle an i needed some time to figure out what driver needs to be insalled. Further I did uninstall oracle drivers several times and can not exclude the possibility that my setup is somehow broken. I do not want to configure tnsnames.ora, instead I want to configure the clients using connectionstrings and codeEZCONNECTcode.br I appreciate any help how to further debug this issue.p  pThanks Janp
Negative 110 pI have a set of files in a folder, and all of them starting with a similar name pattern. Here is an examplep  precodeSpectrum1.txt Spectrum2.txt Spectrum3.txt .... .... .... Spectrum10.txt Spectrum11.txt .... .... .... Spectrum20.txt .... .... .... codepre  pI am able to list all the files from the specified folder, but the list is not in an ascending order of the spectrum number. I have a sort method which could correct thisp  precodepublic class SortFile              Method which takes list of files as a fileArray and sorts them               param File[] files       return File[] files             public File[] sortByNumberFile[] files           Arrays.sortfiles, new ComparatorltFilegt              Override             public int compareFile o1, File o2                  int n1  extractNumbero1.getName                 int n2  extractNumbero2.getName                 return n1  n2                           private int extractNumberString name                  int i  0                 try                      int s  name.indexOf1                     int e  name.lastIndexOf.                     String number  name.substrings, e                     i  Integer.parseIntnumber                  catchException e                      i  0  if filename does not match the format                      then default to 0                                  return i                                return files        codepre  pBut, I am not sure how to get it working with the JTree codep  precodepublic void actionPerformedActionEvent e           Handle open button action.         if e.getSource  OpenFileButton              int returnVal  fc.showOpenDialogGUIMain.this              if returnVal  JFileChooser.APPROVEOPTION                  file  fc.getSelectedFile                 File[] filesInDirectory  file.listFiles                  SortFile sf  new SortFile                   Calls sortByNumber method in class SortFile to list the files number wise                 filesInDirectory  sf.sortByNumberfilesInDirectory   Jtree takes the File datatype as input        tree  new JTreeaddNodesnull, file                   Add a listener                 tree.addTreeSelectionListenernew TreeSelectionListener                      public void valueChangedTreeSelectionEvent e                          DefaultMutableTreeNode node  DefaultMutableTreeNode e                                 .getPath.getLastPathComponent                         System.out.printlnYou selected   node                                                        spectralFilesScrollPane  new JScrollPane                 spectralFilesScrollPane.getViewport.addtree                 spectralFilesScrollPane.setPreferredSizenew Dimension290, 465                 content.addspectralFilesScrollPane                 content.invalidate                 content.validate                 content.repaint                             codepre  pThe problem I am facing is, the sort method returns an array of files and the JTree is using the File datatype. How can I resolve thisp
Negative 110 pI happen to have this jquery codep  precodevar disc  functiondiv,of div.htmlltimg srcloading.gif idloadgt var ajax  .ajaxurl  of, type  GET ajax .donefunctionresponse Commons.socialDonediv, response FB.XFBML.parsedocument.getElementByIdcomentary twttr.widgets.load  .failfunction Commons.socialFaildiv   Commons   socialDone  function div, response  div .hide .htmlresponse .fadeInslow ,  socialFail  function div  div .hide .htmlltpgterrorltpgt .fadeInslow   codepre  pThe buttonp  precode  lta href onClickdisccontent,older.php gt codepre  pThat load content via a button in a particular div. Well, before loading the content it shows a gif of preload, but disappears before gif jpg images that are loaded div. I would like to remain until full loaded div full, images, text, code, etc. How could he do this Thank you.p
Negative 110 pIve been working a bit lately on implementing a binary network protocol in Scala. Many of the fields in the packets map naturally to Scala Shorts. I would like to concisely increment a codeShortcode variable not a value. Ideally, I would like something like codes  1code which works for strongIntsstrong.p  precodescalagt var s  0Short s Short  0  scalagt s  1 ltconsolegt9 error type mismatch  found    Int  required Short               s  1                   scalagt s  s  1 ltconsolegt8 error type mismatch  found    Int  required Short        s  s  1                scalagt s  s  1.toShort s Short  1  scalagt s  s  1.toShort ltconsolegt8 error type mismatch  found    Int  required Short        s  s  1.toShort                 scalagt s  s  1.toShort.toShort s Short  2 codepre  pThe codecode operator is not defined on codeShortcode, so there appears to be an implicit converting codescode to an codeIntcode preceding the addition. Furthermore codeShortcodes  operator returns an codeIntcode. Heres how it works for Intsp  precodescalagt var i  0 i Int  0  scalagt i  1  scalagt i res2 Int  1 codepre  pFor now Ill go with codes  s  1.toShortcodep  pAny ideasp
Negative 110 pIm currently in the process of implementing a search similar to a hrefhttpdesignspiration.net relnofollowDesignspirationa. When youre browsing the website and press any key the search field appears with your key already within it.p  pIm already halfway in implementing this, just cant figure out how to do any keystroke. Below is what Ive got so far which makes a full screen search appear when a button is clicked.p  pstrongJquerystrongp  precodefunction       a[hrefsearch].onclick, functionevent          event.preventDefault         search.addClassopen         search gt .searchcontainer gt form gt input[typesearch].focus           search, .searchcontainer, search button.close.onclick keyup, functionevent          if event.target  this  event.target.className  close  event.keyCode  27              this.removeClassopen                  codepre  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltdiv idsearchgt ltbutton typebutton classclosegtltbuttongt ltdiv classsearchcontainergt     ltspangtType to start Searchingltspangt         ltform classsearch methodget actionltphp echo homeurl gt     rolesearchgt             ltinput classsearchinput typesearch names placeholder     autocompleteoffgt         ltformgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pHow would I go about implementing search, so when a user just starts typing on the website the search box appears and the user starts typing within itp  pAny help would be brilliant.p
Negative 110 pI have to assign one path to global variable in shell script for Linux, but it contain space in directory name abc xyz. I try with abc xyz it is sucessfully work in comand prompt. But when I try with jenkins it gets failed.p
Negative 110 pIm using this Bootstrap Validator a hrefhttp1000hz.github.iobootstrapvalidator relnofollowhttp1000hz.github.iobootstrapvalidatora to validate my form controls.p  pAnd When a user closing the modal, I have to reset the form data and validation messages. I did that. But once I reset the form validation messages and again click on Submit buuton, validation method is returning True with error message on form.p  pHere is the JS Bin a hrefhttpjsbin.comnekekafajoedithtml,js,output relnofollowhttpjsbin.comnekekafajoedithtml,js,outputap  pHere is my codep  precodeltbutton typebutton idbtnSendMail classbtn btnsuccess  datatogglemodal datatargetsendMailModalgtSend as Emailltbuttongt  lt Modal gt ltdiv idsendMailModal classmodal fade roledialoggt     ltdiv classmodaldialoggt         ltform roleform idsendEmailFormgt             lt Modal contentgt             ltdiv classmodalcontentgt                 ltdiv classmodalbodygt                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                         ltlabel forsubjectgtSubjectltlabelgt                         ltinput typetext classformcontrol idsubject placeholderEmail Subject dataerrorEnter subject required gt                         ltdiv classhelpblock witherrorsgtltdivgt                     ltdivgt                 ltdivgt                  ltdiv classmodalfootergt                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                         ltbutton typesubmit classbtn btnprimarygtltspangtSubmitltspangtltbuttongt                         ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault datadismissmodalgtCloseltbuttongt                     ltdivgt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltformgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt   ltscript typetextjavascriptgt      document .readyfunction           sendMailModal .onhidden.bs.modal, function              formsendEmailForm [0].reset              formsendEmailForm .validatordestroy.validator                    sendEmailForm .validator             .on submit , function e                  if e.isDefaultPrevented                      alertInvalid                  else                      alertValid                     event.preventDefault                                ltscriptgt codepre  pAm I doing something wrong here  p
Negative 110 pI have a pandas dataframe with a couple columns. I then pull df[reason] and get the seriesp  precodesome text 1                                          0.1178 Other string                                         0.0732 another string                                       0.0534  Name reason, dtype float64 codepre  pWhat Id like to convert this to is a dataframe to something that looks likep  precode                              some text 1    Other string another string some text 1                   0.1178         0            0 Other string text             0              0.0732       0 another string here           0              0            0.0534 codepre  pHow do I duplicate the rows as columns and fill the non matching rowcolumns with 0p
Negative 110 pI have recently migrated from ExtjS 4 to 5.1. My charts application will dynamically create the chart using chart.series.add function and chart.axes.items.  This application was running fine with ExtJS4.2p  pWith ExtJS5.1, I am getting this error  chart.series.add is not a function. Even chart.series.clear is also giving same exception.p  pCan any one please help on how to add series and axes dynamically to CartesianChartp  pThanks, Vallip
Negative 110 pI have a masonry grid where the images are black and white and when you hover over them, the color images appear. They are not composite images. They are all separate. Im just sorting out bugs for someone elses codep  pOn initial hover after a fresh page load, there is a delay and grey overlay when hovering over. After the initial, its of course instantaneous when it switches to the color photo.p  pSo what Im trying to do is pre load the images with some javascript, but Im having trouble doing this. Below is what I have for code. Also, this is in Wordpress. Not sure if that matters.p  pAll of the images are background images too, not hardcoded into the html. Its all background css. Thanks for any helpp  precodeltscript languageJavaScriptgt  document.readyfunction preloader         counter      var i  0        create object      imageObj  new Image        set image list      images  new Array      images[0]imagestreatmentlocations.jpg      images[1]imagescommunitynewsevents.jpg      images[2]imagessuccessstories.jpg      images[3]imagesselfassessment.jpg      images[4]imagesourassociates.jpg      images[5]imagestreatmentprograms.jpg      images[6]imagespatientportal.jpg      images[7]imagesFAQ.jpg      images[8]imageswhattoexpect.jpg        start preloading      fori0 ilt8 i                  imageObj.srcimages[i]         ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 110 pI have been recently working on learning embedded systems programming on my own. I have observed a fairly high usage of the keyword codevolatilecode qualifier when declaring variablesp  pWhat is the significance of codevolatilecode when declaring a variable in Embedded System programmingp  pBasically when the should the key word be used. I did read something about compiler optimization and use of the keyword. Also something related to memory mapping registers.  p  pFor example, I read this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq2461271544337StackOverflow posta but I didnt understand how it applied in an embedded environment.  More specifically, I dont understand when the key word should be used. I did read something about compiler optimization and use of the keyword. Also something related to memory mapping registers, but I dont understand when to use it.p
Negative 110 pId like to know, how can I use a hrefhttpsbitbucket.orgtwincoderssqlitenetextensions relnofollowSQLiteNet Extensionsa within Xamarin.Mac projectp  pIm using codeXamarin Studio 5.9.5code, Ive created project from MacAppEmpty project Unified API. Installed package codeSQLiteNet Extensionscode. Here is the beginning of my codep  precode        var db  new SQLiteConnection, dbPath         db.CreateTableltStockgt         db.CreateTableltValuationgt codepre  pHow can I call codeSQLiteConnectioncode constructor I need sqlite platform as first parameter, but there are no codeSQLite.Net.Platform.code dlls added to references. p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma30437525Thisa answer is not helpful, because there are no such dllsnamespaces codeSQLite.Net.Platformcode. Also I cant find a hrefhttpswww.nuget.orgpackagesSQLite.Net.Platform.XamarinIOS2.3.0 relnofollowthisa package  codeSQLite.Net.Platform.XamarinIOScode.p  pI want to use codeSQLiteNet Extensionscode because of its onetoone, onetomany.. relationships. My question is strongHow can I create instance of SQLiteConnectionstrong p  pstrongWhy there is no codeSQLite.Net.Platform.Genericcode or codeSQLite.Net.Platform.Win32code dlls in references from that packagestrongp
Negative 110 pfor my C WPF project I need a Folder Selection Dialog. Because it is neccesary that the user is able to see the content of the folders while browsing to choose the correct one, I am not able to use the Win Forms FolderBrowserDialog, which does not show the content. External packages might be also problematic.p  pI first thought this will be an easy task, keeps me struggeling for quite a while now.p  pHas anybody a great idea to implement it without creating my own usercontrol.p  pThanks al lot in advancep
Negative 110 pI currently have a codeDatabaseHelpercode class in my code extending codeSQLiteOpenHelpercode which creates a table and inserts values into it. The problem with this however is that my app will store data of various users, which can be accessed by users  so doing it this way means that if for instance I registered an account in my app on one device, that account wouldnt exist on any other device since the database is stored in the operating system itself. p  pFor now, I want to use my laptop as a server for the database so that I will be able to log into the same account using any Android device. I installed sqlite on my desktop but I dont have a GUI or anything with it and am really unsure how to use it. I already have logic for creating a table  inserting data etc. in code  would it be possible to keep this code but store the data somewhere on my laptop instead p  pHere is the current code I havep  precodepublic class DatabaseHelper extends SQLiteOpenHelper  public static final String DATABASENAME  Accounts public static final String TABLENAME  accounttable public static final String COL1  ID public static final String COL2  USERNAME public static final String COL3  EMAIL public static final String COL4  PASSWORD  public DatabaseHelperContext context      supercontext, DATABASENAME, null, 1   Override public void onCreateSQLiteDatabase db      db.execSQLcreate table   TABLENAME  ID INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT, USERNAME TEXT, EMAIL TEXT, PASSWORD TEXT   Override public void onUpgradeSQLiteDatabase db, int oldVersion, int newVersion      db.execSQLDROP TABLE IF EXISTS  TABLENAME     onCreatedb   public boolean insertDataString username, String emailAddress, String password      SQLiteDatabase  db  this.getWritableDatabase     ContentValues cv  new ContentValues     cv.putCOL2, username     cv.putCOL3, emailAddress     cv.putCOL4, password     long result  db.insertTABLENAME, null, cv     return result  1   public int LoginString username,String password      String[] selectionArgs  new String[]username, password     try              int i  0         Cursor c  null         SQLiteDatabase db  this.getReadableDatabase         c  db.rawQueryselect  from    TABLENAME   where username and password, selectionArgs         c.moveToFirst         i  c.getCount         c.close         return i          catchException e              e.printStackTrace          return 0     codepre  pThanks in advance for any insight p
Negative 110 pIn codeVS2010code , what is the difference between the solution configurations codeDLL Releasecode and codeDLL Universal Releasecode p
Negative 110 pI am new to N hibernate. I am using n hibernate in my application. I write code that works successfully but little slow, because when I checked in hibernate profiler it show me some reasons for slow process.More than one session per request my code is p  precode          using ISession session  NContext.mSessionFactory.OpenSession                          ICriteria criteriaAspNetUser  session.CreateCriteriatypeofAspNetUsers               criteriaAspNetUser.AddNHibernate.Criterion.Restrictions.EqEmail, email               criteriaAspNetUser.AddNHibernate.Criterion.Restrictions.EqPasswordHash, password  codepre  pWhen I use GetCurrentSession function it return some exceptions p  blockquote   pNo CurrentSessionContext configured set the property currentsessioncontextclassp blockquote  pbut when I add following code in my config file p  blockquote   pproperty namecurrentsessioncontextclassthreadstatic propertyp blockquote  pit display different exception that isp  blockquote   pno session bound to the current contextp blockquote  pI am working on it last 3 days but cant found any solution please help me I am worried about that. p
Negative 110 pIm developing an application for a custom board with a STM32F1 MCU which needs to be able to recover from a unexpected data corruption.p  pThe data flow is as follows The master device a Linux machine sends a request to the slave which parses the message and gets ready to send a reply. Then the master reads the reply. The exchange is fast 18MHz and implemented like thisp  precodeif ioctlfd, SPIIOCMESSAGE2, amptransaction lt 0      warnmessage not sent     return false  codepre  pThe delay between these two messages is 50us. The message length is fixed.p  pOn the STM side I use a DMAdriven SPI driver that is implemented in the way Im going to write below.p  pIm using the SPI2 which is clocked off APB136MHz HSE24 MHz AHB72MHz APB136MHz.p  pAfter the SPI is configured to read the message fixed length by issuing a DMA request on RXNEIE CR2RXDMAEN. After the message is processed the answer is getting transmitted via DMA1 CR2TXDMAEN.p  pEverything works like a charm until I interfere somehow. The scenario Im trying to recover from is unplugging SCLK line while transferring.p  pIm struggling to recover from this. Im going to lay out my thoughts because Im not sure where the bug is.p  pThe DMA is configured to handle fixed length messages. Thats why when I interfere somehow, the DMA controller waits until the whole message is processed and the buffer gets shifted. Suppose, I got a one third of the message when the SCLK suddenly vanished. DMA will be waiting for the rest two thirds. The master continues to send requests. Hence after SCLK is back, 23 of the next message will be placed in the buffer. The DMA interrupt is issued but the remaining trail of the last message is lost. Its lost for sure, but I can detect that using an ERRIE flag to issue an interrupt on OVR flag that is going to be set.p  pIve tried to handle that interrupt but to no avail.p  pThe interrupt handler I have now checks if BSY flag is set the trail is getting process by SPI controller. If its set I kill DMA that already starts to handle the next message and leave OVR flag. Once BSY is cleared I clear OVR and reset DMA for reception.p  pThis doesnt help much. p  pAnother option I might use is a dedicated timer that gets reset on rising edge on SCLK AN3109 application note inspired solution. This way I could implement a DMA timeout. If I got only the part of a message I can generate an interrupt on timer overflow if SCLK is not with us for a long time. This solution has issues, though.p  pI know the description is vague but Ive tried my best and hope somebody with a greater insight might help.p
Negative 110 pI am writting a Swift framework wrapper for the C Library emClipperem. The wrapper can be found a hrefhttpsgithub.comrusty1sRSClipperWrapper relnofollowherea. In my example project, everything just works fine. You can download and compile and see, that it works.p  pBut when I try to install this wrapper as a cocoapod, I get the errorp  precodevector file not found Could not build ObjectiveC module RSClipperWrapper codepre  ppointing to codeclipper.hppcode. All problems like this seem to have a problem with code.mmcodefiles or compiler settings. I think this is not the case here. Its strange that XCode complains about an ObjectiveC module when in reality, its an Swift module. Is CocoaPods not yet ready for such tasksp  pI am at my wits end. Please help me.p
Negative 110 pMy question is in the title, how to assign id field in formlabel CodeIgniter. p  pI have form label  p  precodeecho formlabelTitre, titre codepre  pBecause I need id to delete this label with javascript.p  pThanks,p  pVincent.p
Negative 110 pI want another way to do this check on the file size instead of using the following codep  precodevar fso  new ActiveXObjectScripting.FileSystemObject var theFile  fso.getFileltfilepathgt var fileSize  theFile.size codepre
Negative 110 pIm trying to prevent mouse cursor movement keep cursors position at application center and still be able to handle codemouseMovedcode event in order to rotate a camera in space. I tried to do this with codejava.awt.Robot.mouseMoveint x, int ycode but it calls codemouseMovedcode event that Im using to rotate camera, so camera returns to previous position.p
Negative 110 pI am making a form with radio buttons in it. I am able to validate all other input except radio button. I got a accepted solution for this in this sitep  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2072249usingjquerytocheckifnoradiobuttoninagrouphasbeencheckedUsing JQuery to check if no radio button in a group has been checkedap  pbut this is not working for mep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netghan123trr185L22httpjsfiddle.netghan123trr185L22ap  pmy codep  precodeltinput typeradio namedatetime value1gt1 ltinput typeradio namedatetime value2gt2 ltinput typeradio namedatetime value3gt3 ltinput typeradio namedatetime value4gt4 ltinput typeradio namedatetime value5gt5 ltbrgtltbutton idbuttonnewgtvalidateltbuttongt codepre  pjqueryp  precodedocument.readyfunction     buttonnew.clickfunction          var selectiondocument.querySelectorinput[namedatetime]checked.value      my method     ifselection                      alertplease select a value                  else                      alertyour selected value is selection           end my method            other method  given in this site link above     if input[namedatetime]checked.val     alertNothing is checked  else    alertOne of the radio buttons is checked              end other method             codepre  pwhen nothing is checked no alert message appears. else both give alert message on select one of these.p
Negative 110 pI configured a web service Integrated with Springp  pstrongweb.xmlstrongp  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltwebapp idWebAppID version2.4     xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnsj2ee xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     xsischemaLocationhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsj2ee      httpjava.sun.comxmlnsj2eewebapp24.xsdgt      ltdisplaynamegtBaharanFrameworkltdisplaynamegt     ltwelcomefilelistgt         ltwelcomefilegtIndex.jspltwelcomefilegt     ltwelcomefilelistgt      ltlistenergt         ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListenerltlistenerclassgt     ltlistenergt      ltlistenergt         ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.web.context.request.RequestContextListenerltlistenerclassgt     ltlistenergt      ltcontextparamgt         ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt         ltparamvaluegt             WEBINFspringcxf.xml         ltparamvaluegt     ltcontextparamgt      ltservletgt         ltservletnamegtcxfltservletnamegt         ltservletclassgtorg.apache.cxf.transport.servlet.CXFServletltservletclassgt         ltloadonstartupgt1ltloadonstartupgt     ltservletgt     ltservletmappinggt         ltservletnamegtcxfltservletnamegt         lturlpatterngtwslturlpatterngt     ltservletmappinggt  ltwebappgt codepre  pstrongspringcxfxmlstrongp  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans     xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnscontexthttpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext     xmlnsjaxwshttpcxf.apache.orgjaxws     xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans           httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans3.2.xsd           httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext           httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontextspringcontext3.2.xsd           httpcxf.apache.orgjaxws httpcxf.apache.orgschemasjaxws.xsdgt      ltjaxwsendpoint iduserService         implementororg.baharan.ws.userService.AmadUserService addressuserService gt ltbeansgt codepre  pstrongjava filestrongp  precodepackage org.baharan.ws.userService  import javax.jws.WebMethod import javax.jws.WebService  WebService public class AmadUserService       WebMethod     public String test          return In the name of god...        codepre  pThis error occurs when it be deployed in weblogic 12.1.3p  blockquote   pCaused By org.xml.sax.SAXParseException lineNumber 12 columnNumber 85 cvccomplextype.2.4.c The matching wildcard is strict, but no declaration can be found for element jaxwsendpoint.p blockquote  pPlease help me.p
Negative 110 pIm writing a php code to find if a given string has anagrams using a dictionary text file. The program has to shuffle the given string into possible 4 letter words in an array and check if the words in the array are meaningful horizontally and vertically when checked with the dictionary text. This is my code to shuffle a given string and compare it with words in text file and return result if it matches. But it does not display any result. Where am i making a mistakep  precodestr  NORTH EAST  shuffled  strshufflestr dictionary  Dict.txt function to compare shuffled string and data in file function getLineWithStringdictionary, shuffled      lines  filedictionary         foreach lines as lineNumber gt line          if strposline, shuffled  false  if shuffled string matches with words in txt file             return line return string if matched              str  NORTH EAST  shuffled  strshufflestr dictionary  Dict.txt function to compare shuffled string and data in file function getLineWithStringdictionary, shuffled      lines  filedictionary         foreach lines as lineNumber gt line          if strposline, shuffled  false  if shuffled string matches with words in txt file             return line return string if matched                   return 1     echofound line        return 1     echofound line  codepre
Negative 110 pstrongThere is any better ways to create dictionary which keys are from the list and value is commonstrongp  pstrongInputstrong Document UID list and Project Name.p  pstrongOutputstrong Document UID and Project Name Dictionary Dictionary.p  pstrongMy Current Codestrongp  precodegtgtgt docuid  [uAAAB3086, uAAAB3085] gtgtgt projectname  Custom Project One gtgtgt docprojectmap   gtgtgt for ii in docuid ...     docprojectmap[ii]  projectname ...  gtgtgt docprojectmap uAAAB3086 Custom Project One, uAAAB3085 Custom Project One gtgtgt  codepre  pWhy I am doing this because in next process I have all Document UID and I have to find out its Project Name.p  pThere are many Projects and each project contains many Document.p  pstrongActaul Algo isstrongp  ol liGet All Projeect objects.li liIterrate each Project OBJ by for loop.li liGet all documents of Project OBJli liIterate each document and add key as document UID and vakue as Project Name.li ol  plikep  precode  docprojectmap     for projectonj in projectobjes       projectname  getProjectNameprojectobj       docuentsuids  getProjectDcoumentUIDprojectobj       for docuentsuid in docuentsuids           docprojectmap[docuentsuid]   projectname codepre
Negative 110 pUsing a hrefhttpsgithub.comgadiccmeteorreactivewindow relnofollowgadiccmeteorreactivewindow Meteor Packagea to display diffrent template depending upon the screen size. This is pictureDisplatSection.html File p  precode            lttemplate namepictureDisplaySectiongt                 ltdiv classdisplaygt                  if rwindow.screenlte,small                      gt small                          else                             gt large                          if                  Current jQuerywindow.width is rwindow.width                 ltdivgt              lttemplategt              lttemplate namesmallgt                 I am Small             lttemplategt             lttemplate namelargegt                 I am Large             lttemplategt codepre  pThis code has started working intially but out of the blue it has started giving this errorp  pWhile building the application clienttemplatepictureDisplaySection.html 4  Expected space   ...    if rwindow.screenlte,small  ... p  pYour application has errors. Waiting for file change.p  pI have tried to find more information but no luck till now. Really appreciate some help.p  pThanks p
Negative 110 pI need to run a series of functions on the loading of a state that will prepare the page for the user. p  pThese functions are basically three calls to Parse.com cannot combine them into one query as they are in different classesp  pThe three functions parse.com queries are p  ol liGet users favourites li liGet page datali liGet users saved datali ol  pWhilst I have these three functions separately I would like a more robust method of doing this rather than running the functions one after another like thisp  precodegetFavourites getPageData getUserData codepre  pMy three functions are like sop  precodevar getFavourites  function      var query           user              type Pointer,             className User,             objectId Parse.User.current.id                    ParseFactory.providerFavourites, query.getAll.successfunctiondata          var favouritesArray  []         for var i  0 i lt data.results.length i              favouritesArray  data.results[i].favourites                   localStorage.favourites  favouritesArray          favouriteExerciseIds           elasticFavouriteSearchfavouriteIds      .errorfunctionresponse          errorFactory.checkErrorresponse         var getSavedExercises  function      var query           userId Parse.User.current.id          ParseFactory.providerUserExercises, query.getAll.successfunctiondata          var savedExercises  []         for var i  0 i lt data.results.length i              var exercise                   exerciseName data.results[i].exerciseName,                 exerciseDescription data.results[i].exerciseDescription,                 images data.results[i].images,                 difficulty data.results[i].difficulty,                 id data.results[i].objectId                          savedExercises.pushexercise                  localStorage.savedExercises  savedExercises      .errorfunctionresponse          errorFactory.checkErrorresponse          var getPageData  function      ParseFactory.providerProgramme.getstateParams.loadProgramme.successfunctiondata              localStorage.programme  data             scope.programme  localStorage.programme             addedExercises         .errorfunctionresponse              errorFactory.checkErrorresponse           codepre
Negative 110 pI have some problem with Qt environment. I want to use only environment Qt to console application, I am writing code in c but  I must use Cross Compliator.  Of course I have installed correctly in my Qt.p  pAdditional I must use strongdbus1.6.8strong. This is strongimportant condition,strong because I writing code to embedded systems, and library should be this same as was use in device. p  pa hrefhttpdbus.freedesktop.orgreleasesdbusdbus1.6.8.tar.gz relnofollowhttpdbus.freedesktop.orgreleasesdbusdbus1.6.8.tar.gzap  pI put directory with source to directory with my project and modified .pro file add pathp  precodeTEMPLATE  app CONFIG  console CONFIG  appbundle CONFIG  qt INCLUDEPATH  .dbus1.6.8   codepre  pAfter this I included to my main.cpp right main strongheader filestrong which includes all next necessary headerp  precodeinclude ltdbusdbus.hgt codepre  pNext I tried use this libraryp  precodeinclude ltdbusdbus.hgt main  DBusError err    both values it is OK Qt finds this type DBusConnection dbusconn   but below function doesnt find      dbuserrorinitamperr     dbusconn  dbusbusgetprivateDBUSBUSSYSTEM, amperr   codepre  pI get errorp  precode undefined reference to dbuserrorinit  undefined reference to dbusbusgetprivate  collect2 error ld returned 1 exit status codepre  pOf course strongabove function is exist in source directorystrong I checked. Despite this Qt doesnt find these declaration.p  pWhat is wrong p  pstrongPSstrong Additionally I add tree directory, of course this is not all, but most important directory is visiblep  precode.  bus  cmake   bus   dbus   doc   modules   test    nametest   tools  dbus  doc  m4  ... .... .... codepre  pAnd only strongdbus direcytorystrong p  precode dbus   dbusaddress.c   dbusaddress.h   dbusarchdeps.h   dbusarchdeps.h.in   dbusauth.c   dbusauth.h   dbusauthscript.c   dbusauthscript.h   dbusauthutil.c   dbusbus.c   dbusbus.h   dbusconnection.c   dbusconnection.h   dbusconnectioninternal.h   dbuscredentials.c   dbuscredentials.h   dbuscredentialsutil.c   dbusdataslot.c   dbusdataslot.h   dbuserrors.c   dbuserrors.h   dbusfile.c   dbusfile.h   dbusfileunix.c   dbusfilewin.c   dbus.h                           main header   dbushash.c   dbushash.h   dbusinternals.c   dbusinternals.h   dbuskeyring.c   dbuskeyring.h   dbuslist.c ..... ..... ..... codepre
Negative 110 pIm using the HTML control in my application and when I close the application the complete event is getting dispatched right before close. Is there an onunload or some other event causing this to be dispatched p  pHere is my code  p  precodehtml.addEventListenerEvent.COMPLETE, completeHandler codepre  pIt just occurred to me the page that Im loading might have an unload event and that is loading another page in the time its taking the application to close. p
Negative 110 pMy application is working fine in ext js 4.2.1 but when I upgrade I am unable to get the viewport to load correctly. The view port is in a different file and loads initially but then I get the p  blockquote   pError [Ext.create] Unrecognized class name  alias App.view.MainViewportp blockquote  pI have tried requiring the the viewport file but that is not working. Any help would be much appreciated.p  papp.jsp  precodeExt.Loader.setConfigenabled true Ext.Loader.setPathExt.ux, extjs5.1.1ux Ext.require[Ext.tip.QuickTipManager,Ext.container.Viewport, Ext.plugin.Viewport,Ext.layout.,Ext.form.Panel,Ext.form.Panel, Ext.form.Label,Ext.grid.,Ext.data.,Ext.tree.,Ext.selection., Ext.tab.Panel,Ext.ux.TabCloseMenu]  Ext.onReady function     Ext.application      name  App,      appFolder extapp,      launch function         Ext.createApp.view.MainViewport            codepre  pMainViewport.jsp  precodeExt.defineApp.view.MainViewport,     extend  Ext.container.Viewport,    alias  widget.MainViewport,    layout       type border    ,    initComponent function         console.infoinitializing view         codepre
Negative 110 pWe have a Ruby on Sinatra application. We use sidekiq and redis for queue process.p  pWe already implemented and using sidekiq that queues up jobs that does insertion into database. it works pretty fine till now.p  pNow I wanted to add another jobs which will read bulk data from database and export to csv file.p  pI donot want both this job to be in same queue instead is there possible to create different queue for these jobs in same applicationp  pPlease give some solution.p
Negative 110 pSo I have a simple batch job with just one step which consists of a MongoItemReader to read in objects from MongoDB of course, a custom item processor which for now just sets an isProcessed boolean flag to true, and a MongoItemWriter. p  pThing is, I want to be able to backup my jobs to a DB whenever they fail for cases like server downtime, so I have implemented Mongo documents that basically store codeJobExecutioncode, codeStepExecutioncode, codeJobInstancecode, and codeExecutionContextcode objects. They seem to create their respective objects correctly since I am able to use them to restart a job after adding them to the job repository, but they are restarting from the very beginning when I instead want them to start from where they left off. p  pSo Im wondering then what Im missing. Where exactly does a failed job store data of whenwhere it failed I thought the codereadCountcode, codereadSkipCountcode, codeprocessSkipCountcode, etc variables would have something to do with it, but those are included in my codeStepExecutioncode document along with everything else the codeStepExecutioncode class has a get method for. I thought then maybe it was the execution context, but that was empty for both the job and its one step. p
Negative 110 pMy app is loading a large file and it needs a lot of time for building up internal structures. After a while the app is terminetd by the OS  beuacuse of time out. Any idea to handle it differentlyp
Negative 110 pI have an existing document that may or may not have an embedded node cls like thisp  precodeproduct      id ..,    productid myuniqueid,    name some name,    cls  some data   codepre  pNow, what I need p  ol liif product does not exist, nothing happensli liif product exists and cls exists, cls part is updatedli liif product exists and cls does not exist, cls part is added to that productli ol  pWhat I found was nothing happens if I set codeupsert  falsecode. However, I would be inclined to believe that the codeupsertcode applies to the embedding doc product and not the embedded one cls. p  pSo basically I writep  precodepublic static UpdateResult upsertMongoCollectionltDocumentgt coll, Bson filter, Document doc, boolean upsert      BasicDBObject action  new BasicDBObjectset, doc     UpdateOptions options  new UpdateOptions.upsertupsert     return coll.updateOnefilter, action, options  codepre  pAnd then usep  precodeproduct.appendcls, clsDoc DBUtil.upsertproducts, new BasicDBObjectproductid, pid, product, false codepre  pIt does not appear to be updating anything, at least if the cls does not exist yet. So, it is almost as if the codeupsertcode option applies to the cls node and not the embedding product. The MongoDB documentation is not conclusive on the matter. p  pI could probably change codeupsertcode to true and make productid a unique index as to guarantee that no alien products get inserted. But what I really are looking for is an explanation.  p
Negative 110 pI have written this class in IntelliJ.p  precodepublic class Main        public static void mainString[] args          Main.ltNumbergtfoo0         Main.ltIntegergtfoo0           static ltTgt void fooT t   codepre  pThe line codeMain.ltNumbergtfoo0code does not generate any message, but on next line I get the message p  blockquote   pexplicit type argument can be inferred.    This inspection reports all calls to parametrized methods where   explicit argument types can be omitted, since they will be   unambiguously inferred by the compiler.p blockquote  pThis doesnt make any sense to me at all. My understanding is that all type arguments are erased, so it shouldnt matter whether the type argument is ambiguous. As far as I can tell the only reason for ever supplying a type argument when invoking a generic method with void return type is to convince the compiler that a type codeTcode exists within the required bounds. Beyond that it shouldnt make any difference what type argument you actually supply. So if the type argument is redundant in the second case it should be redundant in the first. Can anyone explain how the rules for when these messages appear work, and why in this case the rules should even depend on the type argument supplied p
Negative 110 pIm going through the basics and following the RoadMap iOS emStart Developing iOS Apps Todayem guide. In the Tutorial Storyboards chapter under the heading a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibraryiosreferencelibraryGettingStartedRoadMapiOSSecondTutorial.htmlapplerefdocuidTP40011343CH8SW6 relnofollowCreate Custom View Controllersa, it explains how to create a new Cocoa Touch Class called AddToDoItemViewController.p  pStep 8 explains how the save location will default to my project directory, the Group option will default to my app name, and in the Target section, my app will be selected.p  pHowever, none of these settings are defaulting for me a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comZDXCp.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZDXCp.png altCreating Cocoa Touch Class fileap  pAnd when I click create, my files are added outside of my Project. a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comTvkf2.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTvkf2.png alt.h and .m files addedap  pI cant work out how to change any of the settings when creating these files. Could anyone shed any light on the issue for mep
Negative 110 pWhen user logs in i want him to go his profile.I got this codep  precodeltphp  sessionstart include connect.php include function.php dbselected  mysqliselectdblink,websiteusers SESSION[way]way wayyuserusernamer SESSION[usernamer]usernamer SESSION[passsword]passaword dafirstnamemysqliquerylink,SELECT fullname FROM websiteusers WHERE userNameusernamer AND passpassaword SESSION[dafirstname]dafirstname if issetPOST[Login] ifcheckmysqliquerylink,SELECT userId FROM websiteusers WHERE userNameusernamer AND passpassaword         rowcntmysqlinumrowscheck      ifrowcnt0         echo nopes     else         walkmysqlifetcharraycheck         uidwalk[userId]         SESSION[useridd]uid   headerlocation main.phpu.SESSION[wayy]       gt      codepre  pBut it just ads usomething in url.I also got this code p  precodewayuseruserName.php filemain.php m filegetcontentsfile iffileexistsway     fileputcontentsway, m  codepre  pSo when user registers it creates new filep
Negative 110 pOn my web page I have a google map, as well as three charts. When the page loads the map is fine, but the charts either dont load or only one or two do. Keep getting the error TypeError google.visualization.DataTable is not a constructor.   p  precodefunction load       map object         var MYMAP  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmap,          center lat 54.870902, lng 6.300565,          zoom 14                  call to get and process data       downloadUrlMap.php, processXML         Load the Visualization API and the piechart package.       google.loadvisualization, 1.0, packages[corechart]           Set a callback to run when the Google Visualization API is loaded.  google.setOnLoadCallbackdrawAltitudeChart   google.setOnLoadCallbackdrawDisplacementChart google.setOnLoadCallbackdrawDistanceChart      function drawAltitudeChart           console.loghello          var graph  []           downloadUrlMap.php, function data               var xml  data.responseXML               var markers  xml.documentElement.getElementsByTagNamemarker               var dataTable  new google.visualization.DataTable               var options  titleAltitude m above sea level,                    curveTypefunction,                    legendpositionbottom,                   is3dtrue                                   var chart                forvar i  0 iltmarkers.length i                   graph[i]  [, parseIntmarkers[i].getAttributealt]                                  dataTable.addColumnstring, id               dataTable.addColumnnumber, Altitude               dataTable.addRowsgraph                 chart  new google.visualization.LineChartdocument.getElementByIdcurvechart               chart.drawdataTable, options                       codepre
Negative 110 pFor tests and understanding delegates, Im changing two times the color of a NSCell in p  precode NSCell outlineViewNSOutlineView outlineView  dataCellForTableColumnNSTableColumn tableColumn itemiditem       if tableColumn  nil              return nil           [cell setTextColor[NSColor redColor]]     return cell    voidoutlineViewNSOutlineView outlineView willDisplayCellidcell      forTableColumnNSTableColumn tableColumn itemiditem       [cell setTextColor[NSColor blueColor]]  codepre  pemdataCellForTableColumnem is called first, but the color keeps red, also I see in the debugger the propertys change in emwillDisplayCellem. This second delegate doesnt seem to modify my cell.p  pIf I call only emwillDisplayCellem, the text is ok, in Blue.p
Negative 110 pI am using PicasawebService to fetch the PhotoEntries and AlbumEntres from my feed.p  pI am trying to matching each PhotoEntrys album id with the AlbumEntrys ids. But there seems to be no match.p  pCodep  precodeFetching all PhotoEntries  private static final String baseUrlFeed  httpspicasaweb.google.comdatafeedapiuserdefault  ListltPhotoEntrygt photoEntries         try              URL feedUrl             if albumEntry  null                  feedUrl  new URLgetAlbumFeedUrlalbumEntry, startIndex, perPage              else                  String url  new UrlBuilder.urlbaseUrlFeed                         .addParamParams.kind, Params.kinds.photo                         .addParamParams.startIndex, startIndex                         .addParamParams.maxResults, perPage                         .addParamParams.thumbsize, Params.thumbsizes.all                         .build                 feedUrl  new URLurl                          AlbumFeed feed  picasawebService.getFeedfeedUrl, AlbumFeed.class             photoEntries  feed.getPhotoEntries     Fetching AlbumEntries  ListltAlbumEntrygt albumEntries  new ArrayListltAlbumEntrygt         try              String url  new UrlBuilder.urlbaseUrlFeed                     .addParamParams.kind, Params.kinds.album                     .addParamParams.thumbsize, Params.thumbsizes.tiny                     .build             URL feedUrl  new URLurl             UserFeed userFeed  picasawebService.getFeedfeedUrl, UserFeed.class             for AlbumEntry albumEntry  userFeed.getAlbumEntries                  cache.putnew Elementalbum  trimIdalbumEntry.getId, albumEntry                 albumEntries.addalbumEntry                Comparing PhotoEntry Album id to AlbumEntry id  for AlbumEntry albumEntry  albumEntries               String id  albumEntry.getId                  if albumId.equalsid.substringid.lastIndexOf  1    albumId is photoEntry.getAlbumId                     return albumEntry                               codepre  pLog for PhotoEntrys Album idsp  p[ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 190940 PicasaServiceWrapper.java47  6191833940031664481 [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 190940 PicasaServiceWrapper.java47  6191833940031664481 [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 190940 PicasaServiceWrapper.java47  6191833940031664481 [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 190940 PicasaServiceWrapper.java47  6191076195656346145 [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 190940 PicasaServiceWrapper.java47  6191076195656346145 [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 190940 PicasaServiceWrapper.java47  6191076195656346145 [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 190940 PicasaServiceWrapper.java47  6191076195656346145 [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 190940 PicasaServiceWrapper.java47  6190626764413782673 [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 190940 PicasaServiceWrapper.java47  6188713291304161153 [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 190940 PicasaServiceWrapper.java47  6188275364376276273p  pLog for AlbumEntrys idsp  p[ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881589270albumid1000000481789570  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881589270albumid6055269324822413249  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881589270albumid6109372028048340001  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881589270albumid5630298410965435617  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881589270albumid5627980868177604147  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881589270albumid5633159062498715393  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881589270albumid6043745047260634293  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881589270albumid6037835760559450197  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881789270albumid6036976196079535137  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881789270albumid6014282761675517489  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881789270albumid6015466938531419361  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881789270albumid6012787883155979089  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881789270albumid5763090745953365409  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881789270albumid5761542337753191313  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881789270albumid5738562203070155969  [ERROR] [] 08 Sep 2015 185240 PicasaService.java173  httpspicasaweb.google.comdataentryuser101168481649881789270albumid5599614836640400449 p  pPlease helpp
Negative 110 pI am attempting to store JSON in a postgresql 9.4 database using the JSONB datatype with dropwizard and jdbi.  I am able to store the data, but if my json goes any deeper than a single level, the json gets turned into a string instead of nested json.p  pFor instance, the following jsonp  precode   typeunit,   nested      keyembedded     codepre  pactually gets stored as p  precode   typeunit,   nestedkeyembedded  codepre  pThe method signature in my DAO isp  precodeSqlUpdateinsert into entityjsonid, content valuesid, contentjsonb protected abstract void createJsonBindid String id, Bindcontent Map content codepre  pI obviously have something wrong, but I cant seem to figure out the correct way to store this nested data.p
Negative 110 pI dont understand how such a thing can happen I have created an Xcode project Xcode 6 and I imported some files from a previous project a Storyboard, the Images.xcassets file and some .h and .m filesp  pNow when I import some of those headers in my code, each line using a NSString reports the error Reference to NSString is ambiguous.p  pIs this a known issue, how to solve thatp
Negative 110 pHi I try to create an animation where a circle, in this case named as ball become moved by a touchevent and after the user stoptouch the bally become time dependent lesser. After this animation touchevent the ball should fall to the bottom like gravity. p  precode     function init          bally         halfarcx  x  100         halfarcy  Math.random  y  65  y  10         return setIntervalmainloop, 10           now come the draw function and after that the funtion who update the arc and who is named update       this function should work like gravity             function updateball                bally  y 1                               function mainloop              draw             update                          init                       define startTime variable             var startTime  0              function initi                  console.loginit                  var touchzone  document.getElementByIdmyCanvas                  touchzone.addEventListenermousedown, startTouch, false                  touchzone.addEventListenermouseup, stopTouch, false                           function startTouchevent                    startTime  new Date.getTime                           function stopTouchevent                   var can  document.getElementByIdmyCanvas                   if event.pageX lt x  100 ampamp event.pageY gt y  10                       Calculate the duration                     var newtime  new Date.getTime                     var duration  newtime  startTime                      bally  0.005  duration                                             there become the function called                     if new Date.getTime gt newtime  50                       updateball                                           I hope bally if defined in the outer scope somewhere                                       console.logevent, x, bally                 draw                                  initi                     draw codepre  pNow the problem is the gravity wont work. Any cluesp  pfull code a hrefhttpsjsfiddle.netgu3kjrow1 relnofollowfiddleap
Negative 110 pIve been at this for hours, I cant get my UIImageViews to be in proportion with the screen size its in. Im making a universal app so I cant have the UIImageView size stagnant or else it will throw off the UI, like it is doing now. I just cant seem to get the constraints right in the IB. How do I do thisp
Negative 110 pGood dayp  pI have a problem with merging canvas images. This questions will be mark as reply I think but I didnt find solution for my problem.p  pSo this the deal Get 3 canvas  1 and 2 are imagesmust be hidden i think, 3  merged canvas. 1 is a strongframestrong, 2 is a strongphotostrong, photo must be emunderem frame at css I could make it with codezindexcode.p  pHtml p  precodeltdiv classcontainergt      ltcanvas idfirst width400 height400gtltcanvasgt      ltcanvas idsecond width200 height200gtltcanvasgt      ltcanvas idthird width400 height400gtltcanvasgt  ltdivgt codepre  pJSp  precodevar imgFirst  document.getElementByIdfirst ctx1  imgFirst.getContext2d pic1  new Image pic1.src  httpwww.deftune.comwpcontentuploads201010thexx400x400.jpg   var imgSecond  document.getElementByIdsecond ctx2  imgSecond.getContext2d pic2  new Image pic2.src  httptech21info.comadminwpcontentuploads201303chromelogo200x200.png  var imgThird  document.getElementByIdthird ctx3  imgThird.getContext2d pic1.onload  function      pic2.onload  function          ctx3.drawImagepic1, 0, 0, 400, 400         ctx3.drawImagepic2, 100, 100, 200, 200       codepre  pIve got jsfiddle example a hrefhttpjsfiddle.nethh6ovneq3 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.nethh6ovneq3a but it not worksp
Negative 110 pI have a search suggestion box that appears when a user types in the search box. I want to close that box when the user clicks outside of the parent div. I tried this method below using code.notcode to omit the parents div but it did not omit it and still closes it when clicked on the parent div.p  pI have looked at solutions using event propagation but those have their own perils so Id really like to use a simple function like .not to accomplish this.p  pstrongJSstrongp  precode close search suggestions     body.notsearchbox.mousedownfunction          .searchsuggestions.fadeOut      codepre  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltsection idsearchboxgt ltdiv classcontainergt ltdiv classrowgt   ltdiv classcolmd12gt     ltform classforminline clearfixgt       ltdiv classformgroup pullleftgt         ltinput typetext classformcontrol idsearchinput placeholderSearchgt       ltdivgt       ltbutton typesubmit classbtn btndefault pullrightgtlti classfa fasearchgtltigtltbuttongt     ltformgt   ltdivgt   ltdiv classcolmd12 searchsuggestionsgt     ltul classlistunstyledgt       ltligtlth4gtBrowselth4gtltligt       ltli classsuggestionnewhomesgtlta hrefgtltspan classsuggestionresultgtresultltspangt in New Homesltagtltligt       ltli classsuggestionrenovationgtlta hrefgtltspan classsuggestionresultgtresultltspangt in Renovationltagtltligt       ltli classsuggestioninteriorlivinggtlta hrefgtltspan classsuggestionresultgtresultltspangt in Interior Livingltagtltligt     ltulgt   ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  p p
Negative 110 pCreating a new resource patient can be done by a POST to the server.p  pemExample 1]embr Create a new Patient a which is linked to Organization with strongidstrong  strong1strong p  precode   resourceType Patient,   name a,   birthDate 19741225,   organization      reference Organization1     codepre  pHowever, I was wondering if its also allowed to create a new Patient with a link to an Organization based on a search fieldp  pemExample 2]embr Create a new Patient b which is linked to an Organization with strongnamestrong  strongorgnamestrong.p  precode   resourceType Patient,   name b,   birthDate 19741225,   organization      reference Organizationnameorgname     codepre
Negative 110 pI would like to write servlets output to android activity. But in the activity, i m getting only html stream of data. How can i display the html web page display in Android p  pNewServlet.javap  precode    WebServletname  NewServlet, urlPatterns  NewServlet     public class NewServlet extends HttpServlet        protected void processRequestHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response             throws ServletException, IOException          response.setContentTypetexthtmlcharsetUTF8         try PrintWriter out  response.getWriter               TODO output your page here. You may use following sample code.              out.printlnlthtmlgtn                  ltbodygtn                      ltinput typesubmit valueclick me gtn                  ltbodygtn              lthtmlgt                    Override     protected void doGetHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response             throws ServletException, IOException          processRequestrequest, response            Override     protected void doPostHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response             throws ServletException, IOException          processRequestrequest, response            Override     public String getServletInfo          return Short description      lteditorfoldgt   codepre  pactivitymain.xmlp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin toolscontext.MainActivitygt       ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceLarge         androidtextLarge Text         androidididtextView         androidlayoutalignParentToptrue         androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue         androidlayoutmarginTop84dp gt ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pMainActivity.javap  precodepackage com.example.bright.myurldemo  import android.app.Activity import android.os.AsyncTask import android.os.Bundle import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuItem import android.view.View import android.widget.ProgressBar import android.widget.TextView import android.widget.Toast  import java.io.BufferedReader import java.io.InputStream import java.io.InputStreamReader import java.net.HttpURLConnection import java.net.URL import java.net.URLConnection  public class MainActivity extends Activity       TextView textView     Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain         textView  TextViewfindViewByIdR.id.textView         BackProcess backProcess  new BackProcess         backProcess.execute           boolean flag  true     String string     class BackProcess extends AsyncTask         StringBuffer output  new StringBuffer         Override         protected String doInBackgroundObject[] params              try                 URL url  new URLhttp10.11.55.458080WebApplication3NewServlet                 URLConnection urlConnection  url.openConnection                 HttpURLConnection httpURLConnection  HttpURLConnectionurlConnection                 int responseCode  httpURLConnection.getResponseCode                  ifresponseCode  HttpURLConnection.HTTPOK                     InputStream inputStream  httpURLConnection.getInputStream                     BufferedReader buffer  new BufferedReader                             new InputStreamReaderinputStream                     String s                       while s  buffer.readLine  null                         output.appends                              catch Exception e                 Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext, e.getMessage, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                 flag  false                 string  e.getMessage                          return output.toString                   Override         protected void onPostExecuteObject o              ifflag                 textView.setTextoutput             else                 textView.setTextstring                 codepre
Negative 110 pI am using ES6 classes. I want to be able to do thisp  precodefunction Carcolor    this.color  color   Car.prototype.getColor  require.getColor codepre  pWhere get color is an exported function. i.e. I want to be able to import a function from an outside file and set is as a prototype method on the ES6 Class. This is the kind of syntax I am talking aboutp  precodeclass Car    constructorcolor      this.color  color       getColor   I want to import this function from .getColor, as above  codepre  pIs this doablep
Negative 110 pI have a WKWebView with content that has an codeltaudiogtcode element pointing to a standard audio stream running on a Shoutcast server that will not play.  There are no errors or information in the JavaScript console and no errors in the debugger in Xcode.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to create a checkbox with label. When user click the label, it will check if checkbox checked. The first time, I click the label, the box is checked, but no alert action. After I click the second time, it start to function, alert action happen. What did I do wrong. I have tried to use individual ID. Click not working either.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt   var elements   emolol 1, emocool 2, emocute 3        jQuery.each elements, function idname, num         idname.clickfunction             if idname checkbox.propchecked               alertChecked          else            alertunchecked                        ltscriptgtcodepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltinput typecheckbox nameemocheckbox idemololcheckboxgt ltlabel idemolol foremololcheckbox gtLOL ltlabelgt  ltinput typecheckbox nameemocheckbox  idemocoolcheckboxgt ltlabel idemocool foremocoolcheckbox gtCOOL ltlabelgt  ltinput typecheckbox nameemocheckbox  idemocutecheckboxgt  ltlabel idemocute foremocutecheckbox gtCUTE ltlabelgtcodepre div div p
Negative 110 pI am trying to set up AdColony on my Android App using Android Studio.p  pFirst time I launch the app and use the SDK it works fine. When I quit the app and comes back, it goes in a white screen and freezes. p  phere is the message it keeps outputting in logcat. p  blockquote   pKnoxVpnUidStorageknoxVpnSupported API value returned is falsep blockquote  pdoes anyone has came across this before  thanks p
Negative 110 pIn spring I have a controller with an endpoint like so  p  precodeRequestMappingmethod  RequestMethod.POST ResponseStatusHttpStatus.CREATED ResponseBody public OutputStuff createStuffRequestBody Stuff stuff      my logic here  codepre  pThis way if doing a POST on this endpoint, the JSON in request body will be automatically deserialized to my model codeStuffcode. The problem is, I just got a requirement to log the raw JSON as it is coming in I tried different approaches.  p  ol liInject codeHttpServletRequestcode into codecreateStuffcode, read the body there and logli ol  pCodep  precodeRequestMappingmethod  RequestMethod.POST ResponseStatusHttpStatus.CREATED ResponseBody public OutputStuff createStuffRequestBody Stuff stuff, HttpServletRequest req      StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder     req.getReader.getLines.forEachline gt          sb.appendline          log sb.toString     my logic here  codepre  pThe problem with this is that by the time I execute this, the readers InputStream would have already been executed to deserialize JSON into codeStuffcode. So I will get an error because I cant read the same input stream twice.  p  ol start2 liUse custom codeHandlerInterceptorAdaptercode that would log raw JSON before the actual handler is called.  li ol  pCode part of itp  precodepublic class RawRequestLoggerInterceptor extends HandlerInterceptorAdapter       public boolean preHandleHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response, Object handler          StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder         req.getReader.getLines.forEachline gt              sb.appendline                  log sb.toString          return true       codepre  pThe problem with this tho is, that by the time the deserialization to codestuffcode happens, the InputStream from the request would have been read already So I would get an exception again.  p  ol start3 lipAnother option I considered, but not implemented yet, would be somehow forcing Spring to use my custom implementation of codeHttpServletRequestcode that would cache the input stream and allow multiple read of it. I have no idea if this is doable tho and I cant find any documentation or examples of that  pli lipYet another option would be not to read codeStuffcode on my endpoint, but rather read the request body as codeStringcode, log it and then deserialize it to codeStuffcode using codeObjectMappercode or something like that. I do not like this idea either tho.  pli ol  pAre there better solutions, that I did not mention andor am not aware of I would appreciate help. I am using the latest release of SpringBoot.p
Negative 110 pI want to detect if an alert has been launched on a webpage in javascript. p  precodealert.some text codepre  pIs there some kind of alertListener that I can implementp
Negative 110 pI have a usercontrol with grid as content panel, which loads its content from datatemplate, specified in xaml where usercontrol is used.p  pI am using this usercontrol widely and everything is fine with standard xaml controls in template. now I am trying to show some charts in this control with OxyPlotp  precode   ltDataTemplate xKeySomeChartgt         ltGrid xNameoxyGrid gt             ltoxyPlotView xNameoxyChart ModelBinding model gt         ltGridgt     ltDataTemplategt codepre  pI initialize data model for the chart in usercontrolloaded but the chart will not be shown until I manually call InvalidateMeasure for it. if I call invalidatemeasure from usercontrolloaded , it will not help.p  pif I call invalidatemeasure from any point when chart is on the screen  it helps and chart will shows up.p  pcurrently, I found that I can call invalidatemeasure in usercontrollayoutupdated handler but dont like as it fires too often and requires code outside of usercontrol.p  pif I try to handle event layoutupdated inside usercontrol and call invalidatemeasure for oxychart from there, I am getting Layout cycle detected.  Layout could not complete.p  pany ideas about whats wrong and how to fix  will be greatly appreciated thanks in advance ilyap
Negative 110 pI have a site I am using the JS LinkedIn SDK. I am trying to minify the HTML but removing the line breaks from the LinkedIn SDK breaks it. This is the code they say to usep  precodeltscript typetextjavascript srcplatform.linkedin.comin.jsgt     apikey YOURAPIKEYHERE     authorize true     onLoad onLinkedInLoad ltscriptgt codepre  pAs far as I know this isnt even valid content for a script tag and I dont even know what a multimillion dollar company is doing this for. Any ideas on how to minify this Thanks in advancep
Negative 110 pBelow is my layout in xmlp  precodeltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnscardhttpschemas.android.comapkresauto androidorientationvertical androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparentgt          ltit.gmariotti.cardslib.library.view.CardViewNative             androidididmynicecardview             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             cardcardlayoutresourceIDlayoutnativecardwithlistlayout             stylestylecardexternalgt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pI want to programatically create this view codeCardViewNativecode, which is from the a hrefhttpsgithub.comgabrielemariotticardslib relnofollowcardslib librarya. But I am troubled by the codecardcardlayoutresourceIDcode and the codestylecode attributes. Can anyone show me the way to create this codeCardViewNativecode in codep  pThanks.p
Negative 110 pI have the following file, which supposed to be multiline json file, but everything is in onelinep  precodeid0, val123id1,val345id2, val3434.... codepre  pIn order to load it into python to do analysis, i need to break it into multiple lines first, like thisp  precodeid0, val123 id1,val345 id2, val3434 ... codepre  pwhat is the best tool to do so awk sed pythonp
Negative 110 pSay I have an arbitrary listp  precodeqw  [a, [[tag, 1], [tag, 2]]] codepre  pI need to build html with codeltblockquotegtcode just a python string each element of list should be wrapped in codeblockquotecode tag accordingly to hierarchyp  precodeltblockquotegt a     ltblockquotegt tag         ltblockquotegt 1 ltblockquotegt     ltblockquotegt     ltblockquotegt tag         ltblockquotegt 2 ltblockquotegt     ltblockquotegt ltblockquotegt codepre  pThe resultp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comXqGix.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXqGix.png altrenderap  pFor example I have a string codeteststr1str2str34code and some rules to split it into listp  precode[str1str2str34, [     [str1, [str, 1]],      [str2, [str, 2]],      [str34, [str, 3, 4]]     ] ] codepre  pThe rendered result based blockquote tagsp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comjZ8iu.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comjZ8iu.png altrender3ap  pSo, I trying to change the recursive generator for flattening a listp  precodedef flattenl     for el in l         if isinstanceel, collections.Iterable and not isinstanceel, basestring             for sub in flattenel                 yield sub         else             yield el codepre  pBut really nothing comes of it.p
Negative 110 pI have an codeNSManagedObjectContextcode associated to main thread codemainContextcode, where I fetch all the codeNSManagedObjectcode I show throughout the app.p  pUsers dont edit these objects, but I get updates from web services. I periodically perform asynchronous calls to such services, and they tell me which of my managed objects have to be deleted if any, which of them have to be updated with new information if any, and if I need to insert new objects.p  pSo, I need to firstly get the responses of all the services and then check what changes I have to make to the managed objects I already have in my codemainContextcode. And I also need to perform the updates avoiding blocking the UI.p  pI was thinking about 2 ways to manage this scenariop  ol liTo use a completely separated codeprivateContextcode in a private queue with its own Core Data stack to insert there all the objects I get from services. Then compare somehow how with the objects I have in codemainContextcode, and deletemodifyinsert objects that are there in codemainContextcode.li liTo use a codeprivateContextcode in a private queue, but being a child of the codemainContextcode. Id then need to pass the child context the objects I have in its parent codemainContextcode is this possible how, and at the same time insert in this child context the objects I get from services, and then compare and perform changes.li ol  pWhat of the approaches would be the best or the appropriate one Or maybe should it be a different one I havent thought aboutp  pThanks in advancep  pstrongEDITstrong Could this be another possible wayp  ol start3 liOnly use the codemainContextcode and, as Im parsing the responses of the services, instead of creating the new objects just make changes on codemainContextcode one by one... li ol  pstrongEDIT 2strong Another possibilityp  ol start4 liOnly use the codeprivateContextcode, get the services responses and create the new objects. Then, also fetch with this codeprivateContextcode all the objects that already existed and that would be the same as the objects in codemainContextcode. Make changes in this codeprivateContextcode comparing the two sets of objects the recently created from services and the fetched, save this context, clear codemainContextcode and refetch all objects in codemainContextcode.li ol
Negative 110 pI want to use Cython to speed up my Python code in analogy to the a hrefhttpdocs.cython.org0.14srctutorialnumpy.html relnofollowCythons Numpy tutoriala. I give you a MWE of what I intendedp  pTest Functionp  precodeimport pyximport pyximport.install import CythonModule2 as cm2  print cm2.readdata codepre  pCython Module codeCythonModule2.pyxcodep  precodefrom libc.stdio cimport  import numpy as np cimport numpy as np  cdef packed struct CData     np.float32t A     np.uint8t CH1, CH2     np.int64t D  def readdata     cdef np.ndarray[CData] coins  np.empty10, dtype[A, f4,                                                        CH1, u1, CH2, u1,                                                        D, lti8]     return coins codepre  pThe definition in the function codereaddatacode produces the following error message and C terminated in an unusual wayp  blockquote   pValueError Buffer dtype mismatch next field is at offset 6 but 8 expectedp blockquote  pI could format all entries in 64bit eight byte variables but I want to keep the data as small as possible in order to save space.p  pBy the way My computers setup is as followingp  ul liWindows 7 64bitli li32bit Pythonx,y 2.7.6li liMinGWs compiler codemingw32gcc4.8.1code.li liCython version 0.23.2li liNumpy version 1.10.0li ul  pI think it is not the same error as in the previous question since I updated Cython a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq214353782062965Passing a structured numpy array with strings to a cython functionap  h3Edith3  pBy compiling the module with codedistutilscode there is the same error displayed. When executing the function, the above error occurs.p  precodefrom distutils.core import setup from Cython.Build import cythonize setupextmodules  cythonizeCythonModule2.pyx import CythonModule2 as cm2 print cm2.readdata codepre  h3Edit 2 Output filesh3  pThere is no file called codeCythonModule2.pydcode. The created files codeCythonModule2.ccode, codeCythonModule2.defcode, codeCythonModule2.ocode are stored in the following locationp  blockquote   pCUsersMyself.pyxbldtemp.win322.7Releasepyrexp blockquote
Negative 110 pI Hava a class called VarianteValore this class have a collection of Foto, the primary key of VarianteValore is a multiple compositeId.br Now when Map my class NHibernate return me the exception above. im struggle with the mapping solution by day, but i havent found a solution yet.p  pbelow my Class and Mappingp  precode public class VarianteValore  EntityBase      region Private         private ICollectionltFotogt immagini     endregion      public virtual VarianteProdotti VarianteProdotti  get set      public virtual GruppoAttributi GruppoAttributi  get set      public virtual AttributiValore AttributiValore  get set        public virtual ICollectionltFotogt Foto              get  return immagini  null  immagini  new ListltFotogt           set  immagini  value            public virtual double OffSetPrezzo  get set       public override bool Equalsobject obj              if obj  null             return false         VarianteValore id         id  VarianteValoreobj         if id  null             return false         if this.Id  id.Id ampamp this.VarianteProdotti.Prodotti  id.VarianteProdotti.Prodotti ampamp this.GruppoAttributi.Attributi  id.GruppoAttributi.Attributi             return true         return false           public override int GetHashCode              return this.Id    this.VarianteProdotti.Prodotti    this.GruppoAttributi.Attributi.GetHashCode           public class Foto  EntityBase      public virtual VarianteProdotti VarianteProdotti  get set      public virtual GruppoAttributi GruppoAttributi  get set      public virtual Prodotti Prodotti  get set      public virtual string Path  get set      public virtual bool Pubblicata  get set       public virtual bool IsVideo  get set      public virtual int Position  get set       public virtual string Alt  get set       public override bool Equalsobject obj              if obj  null             return false         Foto id         id  Fotoobj         if id  null             return false         if this.Id  id.Id ampamp this.VarianteProdotti  id.VarianteProdotti             return true         return false           public override int GetHashCode              return this.Id    this.VarianteProdotti.GetHashCode         public class VarianteValoreMap  ClassMapltVarianteValoregt      public VarianteValoreMap              CompositeId            .KeyReferencex gt x.VarianteProdotti, ProdottiId, VarianteProdottiId           .KeyReferencex gt x.GruppoAttributi, ProdottiId, AttributiId          FK AttributiValore          Referencesx gt x.AttributiValore, AttributiValoreId          HasManyx gt x.Foto.KeyColumns.AddProdottiId, VarianteProdottiId, AttributiId         public class FotoMap  ClassMapltFotogt      public FotoMap              Idx gt x.Id.GeneratedBy.Identity         Referencesx gt x.VarianteProdotti.ColumnsProdottiId, VarianteProdottiId, AttributiId         Mapx gt x.Path.Length400         Mapx gt x.Pubblicata         Mapx gt x.IsVideo         Mapx gt x.Position       codepre  pI hope the code below can ilustrate better. Thanks in advance for any helpp
Negative 110 pIm using ARIMA models to estimate sales forecast for a company. The companys sales channel is broken down into 4 sales channels and Im running 4 different models to estimate the sales for each channel. Eventually, Im going to aggregate the sales of these channels to find the total forecasted sales for the whole company. My questions is, how should i go about finding the confidence interval for the overall forecast Adding up the confidence intervals of each channel is not correct since that will give me a very large interval. p  pId really appreciate if anyone can give me some idea on how to approach this sort of issue. Thanks in advancep
Negative 110 pI have a problem when trying to upload an image via bluimps jQueryFileUpload.p  pIn my routes i have this codeRoutepostimageuploadfolder, ImageControlleruploadcodep  pmy file input that is outside the codeltformgtcode tags because it is independent to the formp  precodeltinput idimageupload typefile nameimage multiple dataurl urladminimageuploadmembers  gt codepre  pmy jQuery function points to the dataurl attribute value.p  precode  imageupload.fileupload         dataType json,         maxFileSize 5000000,         acceptFileTypes .gifjpegpngi,         done function e, data              Members.handleimagedata              codepre  pThe weird thing is that when i call this method from codeexample.appadminmemberscreatecode it works, but when im trying to access it from codeexample.appadminmembers1editcode i get a 405, codeMethod not allowedcode. p  pIn both cases, the Method is POST. p  pMy routes for create and edit URIsp  precodeRoutegetmemberscreate, [     uses gt MembersControllercreate, as gt adminmemberscreate ] Routegetmembersmemberedit, [     uses gt MembersControlleredit, as gt adminmembersedit ] codepre  pIm sure is something really stupid that i cant see.p  pPS. I have a Project  resource, where i also upload images, using the same route and function. It works on both cases create and edit.p  pAnybody had this problem p  pThank youp
Negative 110 pIm trying to get a value status from customer object with this simple scriptp  precodeconsole.logJSON.stringifycustomer.subscriptions.data.plan.status codepre  pWhen i execute this function, the console returns mep  precodeTypeError Cannot read property data of undefined codepre  pcustomer Objectp  precodecustomer  objectcustomer, createdxxxxxx, idxxxxxxx, livemodefalse, descriptionnull, emailxxxxxxxx.com, shippingnull, delinquentfalse, metadata, subscriptions     objectlist,     totalcount1,     hasmorefalse,     urlv1customersxxxxxxxxxsubscriptions,     data[         idxxxxxxxxx,         plan             intervalmonth,             namexxxxxx,             createdxxxxx,             amountxxxxx,             currencyeur,             id6month,             objectplan,             livemodefalse,             intervalcount6,             trialperioddaysnull,             metadata,             statementdescriptornull,             statementdescriptionnull,             objectsubscription,             startxxxxx,             statusactive,             ..., codepre  pPlease help me. Thanks.p
Negative 110 pAccording to a hrefhttpspytools.codeplex.comreleasesview123624 relnofollowthesea release notes, installing packages via conda install is supported in PTVS, which came preinstalled with my VS 2015. However, I cant seem to find how to access that option. My best guess was as follows p  ol liGo to Python Environmentsli liSelect my Anaconda install from the left side 3.4 64bitli liSelect pipli liType a package name in the search box waitress, for exampleli ol  pWhen I do this, I see the option pip install waitress from PyPI. Im guessing there should be another option there  conda install waitress, but I dont see it. There is another option in the list  Install waitress. But clicking on that just performs the install via pip, not conda. I confirmed waitress is a package thats available via conda by performing conda search waitress from the command line.p  pI found a hrefhttpspytools.codeplex.comworkitem2564 relnofollowthisa bug, and have confirmed the presence of the conda package and condameta directory in my anaconda distribution. I also opened the first JSON file in condameta and dont see a link to another environment.p  pI also found a hrefhttpsgithub.comMicrosoftPTVSissues358 relnofollowthisa more recent issue, but it appears to just be describing adding a UI element for managing conda packages.p
Negative 110 pI am trying to update some rows in mysql based on selected checkbox,but my query is updating all the rows in the table. Please check below codep  precode    if emptyPOST[checkbox]            Loop to store and display values of individual checked checkbox.         foreach POST[checkbox] as selected              sql1UPDATE Items SET Status1 WHERE ItemIdselected             result1mysqlquerysql1             if result1                               echo Error While updating                          else                             headerRefresh 2urlMainMenu.php                mysqlcloseconn                echo ltpgtTodays Menu Updated lta hrefMainMenu.phpgtClick hereltagt if you     are not redirected automatically in 2 secondsltbr gtltpgt                      codepre
Negative 110 pI currently have an edit account details page on my website but I would like to customize the stronghtmlstrong so that the strongpassword change sectionstrong is beside the strongmain details sectionstrong so there is not a huge space to the left.p  pThe page currently screenshot a hrefhttpprntscr.com8n9hkt relnofollowhttpprntscr.com8n9hktabr Here is my current code a hrefhttppastebin.comhGUSAvz0 relnofollowhttppastebin.comhGUSAvz0ap  pI know that this is possible but I just dont know the code and where I should put it.p
