Positive 325 pI know its possible to forward a Wildcard subdmain with DNS like GoDaddy by adding codecode which points to an codeIP Addresscode. The problem we have is that we dont know if its possible to forwardmap a subdomain like codesuffixcodep  pWhere the pattern is the codewildcardsuffix.domain.comcodep
Positive 325 pI have a domain name registered with Fasthosts. The nameservers are set to my shared hosting account, which Ive been happily using for years.p  pHowever, Ive recently developed a website that requires additional software and resources beyond whats available on my shared hosting  so its running on Google Cloud Engine virtual machine.p  pId now like for the www dns zone of my domain to point to my Google VM, but email, ftp continues to use my shared hosting. One day Ill leave my share hosting entirely, but for now, this is my setup.p  pUsing the cpanel of my shared hosting I can change the Zone File Records for my domain name. I thought setting the A record for www.mydomain.com. to my Google VP dedicated IP would do the trick. Alas, it does not  the domain wont resolve.p  pAny advice much appreciated.p  p p  pEDIT Working now, I wasnt giving enough time for servers to propagate the change. Also I believed that all browsers visit www even if not explicitly addressed  but that doesnt seem to be the case  so I had to change the mydomain.com A record to my google ip, and set ftp.mydomain.com and mail.mydomain.com to my shared hosting dedicated IP, rather than mydomain.com.p
Positive 325 pIm starting a Udemy class on beginner PHP amp MYSQL, and I am attempting to install the current version of MAMP for the first time on my macbook pro running OS X El Capitan version 10.11.  I have no previous versions of MAMP installed.  During the installation process, the install fails and present a message Please quit MAMPMAMP PRO and all servers and deactivate the dynamic DNS services before you restart the install process.  I have no idea how to proceed.  Cant anyone offer some guidance on the steps to follow to resolve this problemp
Positive 325 pAs i was currently searching google about this problem and no good info available. i was reminding myself that i can ask a question here and so here i am.p  pI have the following situation i got a Powerdns Server thats currently working resolving IPv4 PTR records. without any problemsp  pAs my new ipv6 is rolling out over different servers p  phere is an examplep  psrv8   nslookup 2a054380010100000000000068656ebd localhost Server         localhost Address        127.0.0.153p  p server cant find d.b.e.6.5.6.8.6.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.1.0.1.0.0.8.3.4.5.0.a.2.ip6.arpa REFUSEDp  pbut this machine have the right record in the mysql.p  p70  16  d.b.e.6.5.6.8.6.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.1.0.1.0.0.8.3.4.5.0.a.2.ip6.arpa    PTR example43535.nl 86400   0   1443815438p  pwhat i am doing wrong here. as i am running this query on the same machine as the pdns server is working so thats not the problem. any suggestion would be welcome p
Positive 325 pI need to register .co domain. I faound that godaddy is a very cheap registrar. Is it possible to place other contacts to Godaddy and where to get them and passportp
Positive 325 pI have a Google for Work account and Im creating an email address with my herokuapp domain e.g. memyapp.herokuapp.com. I have verified the domain by putting the meta tag in the header of my app. I can send email through gmail from memyapp.herokuapp.com but for some reason I cant receive email. Im curious what is causing the problem of the email not going through. p  pIf anyone has some insight, I would appreciate it. I know that its possible to receive email by using a custom domain in my heroku app, but I dont want to spend the money on a custom domain right now.p
Positive 325 pI want to change nameserver of my domain, but Azure websites services only offer CNAME and not nameserver, Somebody told me we can host our DNS on Azure using virtual machine,, So anybody here which can provide all steps to create DNS server on Azure and how to setup nameservers out of itp
Positive 325 pIve hopefully successfully set up Cpanel on AWS with clustering following the instructions a hrefhttpsblog.cpanel.compart1howibuiltacpanelhostingenvironmentonamazonaws relnofollowhttpsblog.cpanel.compart1howibuiltacpanelhostingenvironmentonamazonawsap  pIve been using CPanelWHM on a dedicated server for a few years before I set up this new Cpanel installation on AWS. My issues comes from how new accounts are set up differently on a dedicated server vs the AWS way.p  hr  pstrongMy first issuestrong p  pWhen I created a new account on my dedicated WHM, I was provided IP Addresses from the server farm that I assigned to newly created accounts. Once assigned, I can access the site with either the IP or the domain name. Now with this new AWS way, theres no info in the tutorials about how I obtain new IP Addresses. I tried adding a new local IP like 10.0.0.30 because it says its in NAT mode and use local IP and assigning this as a dedicated IP to the newly created accounts but I dont understand how anybody can access the site through that IP since its a local IP. So how do I access the domain through custom IP and domain like I did before I must be missing something fundamental.p  hr  pstrongMy second issuestrongp  pOn my dedicated WHM after I created a new account, I would typically go to DNS Functions  Edit DNS Zone and edit the zone to customize my nameserver as sop  pcodemynewdomain.com ns1.mynewdomain.com  ns2.mynewdomain.comcodep  pcodeanothersite.com ns1.anothersite.com ns2.anothersite.comcodep  pcodethirdsite.com ns1.thirdsite.com ns2.thirdsite.comcodep  pand then in my register I would add these custom nameservers into the register and point them to the dedicated IPs of each domain. But with the AWS way, the only way I was able to set this up was to use the new cluster nameservers as the nameserver for strongALLstrong accounts in this new WHM installation.p  pLike thisp  pcodemynewdomain.com ns1.awsnameserver.com ns2.awsnameserver.comcodep  pcodeanothersite.com ns1.awsnameserver.com ns2.awsnameserver.comcodep  pcodethirdsite.com ns1.awsnameserver.com ns2.awsnameserver.comcodep  pIs this the correct  the only way I can set up accounts now through this set up Is there a way to have custom nameservers names like I did in dedicated WHM p
Positive 325 pI presently bought two new domains one .nu and one .dk. TTL for both were set to 360. I used the same registrant i always have bringing my total number of domains up to 7 I am personally using googles dns servers and the .nu domain showed up after about 5 hours. however the .dk one has not yet showed up i am using nslookup to check and at the time i am writing this its been roughly 42 hours since it was registered. Iv checked and rechecked and both domain settings are identical from TTL to target ip. Iv allso tryed updating the serial for the domain. do you guys have any idea what might be going on or what i might have missedp
Positive 325 pI am in search of starting a new website , How ever all my favorite .com domains are gone, but some good and short .net domains are available . I want to ask is there some difference in SEO ranking of .com and .net domains . why is it better to have a .com domain rather than a .net domain  p
Positive 325 pSo, I have a DNS server running on the the local host. I want to add a service using codensupdatecode with a command file like the followingp  precodeserver localhost zone sstewartgallus.localhost. update add sstewartgallus.localhost 0 IN NAPTR 100 10 s xssgcustomservicefile   file.xssgunix.sstewartgallus.localhost  update add file.xssgunix.sstewartgallus.localhost 0 IN URI 0 0 filemyunixsocketpathhere codepre  pIs this the correct way of specifying custom services using URIs and NAPTR records for use only on the localhostp
Positive 325 pI need to short my article link from p  precodewww.mydomain.com202015articleslug codepre  pTo p  precode httponmbc.netkjhs  codepre  pWhat the steps to do that p
Positive 325 pIm having trouble strongsetting up a subdomain to a directory on my dropletstrong digital oceanp  pI have my domain primarydomain.com of my droplet...i create a directory livezillap  pExamplep  pstrongemprimarydomain.comlivezillaemstrongp  pI want strongemadd a external subdomain to this directoryemstrong livezillap  pstrongchat.myotherdomain.com.brstrongp  pI have in etcnginxsitesavaliableprimarydomain.comp  precodeserver  listen 80 defaultserver listen []80 defaultserver ipv6onlyon  root usrsharenginxhtml index index.php index.html index.htm  servername primarydomain.com  location    tryfiles uri uri index.phpquriampargs    codepre  pAndp  petcnginxsitesavaliablechat.myotherdomain.com.brp  precodeserver  listen 80 listen []80 servername chat.myotherdomain.com.br root usrsharenginxhtmllivezilla index index.php index.html index.htm  codepre  pwith a copy on etcnginxsitesenabledp  pThe strongchat.myotherdomain.com.br have a A Recordstrong in dns pointing to my droplet..p  pchat.myotherdomain.com.br now redirects to myotherdomain.com.br but with ping shows my droplet ip. p  pWhats wrongp
Positive 325 pi want know how much time taking respond DNS server. if anybody implemented nslookup command code that can be healpful for me. please comment the link if already any one implemented . thanks in advancep
Positive 325 pI am having what I believe is a permissions issue.p  pI have a user that has Windows 7 Home Edition and I need her to be able to access a folder that is controlled by the Domain, even though I cannot put her on the domain.p  pI have tried mapping the network drive using alternative credentials and even though she can gain access, she cannot add a new folder, which is truly the most important task to her.p  pI spoke to a friend of mine and he had me try to dop  precodenet use T EWSMPCDBquotes usermpcadministrator Password codepre  pand I kept getting a System Error 1219p  pSo I triedp  precodenet use T 192.168.1.54MPCDBquotes usermpcadministrator Password codepre  pand viola, it appeared in her mapped network directory, however upon accessing the folder and trying to create a new folder she was met with an error message stating she did not have sufficient privileges.p  pI know beyond a shadow of a doubt that mpcadministrator has the necessary privileges to execute this action, but I am at a loss with how to get this task complete.p
Positive 325 pI am using the newest version of Virtualmin on a fully updated VPS running Debian 8.p  pThe VPS hosts 12 virtual Wordpress webpages. Every plugin in Virtualmin is disabled except MySQL and Apache. I am using an external DNS. From Chrome i can access all the webpages but from Internet Explorer i can only access some of the webpages.p  pFor example in Chrome i have no problem accessing a hrefhttpkolesterolmedicin.dk relnofollowhttpkolesterolmedicin.dka but Internet Explorer 911 says that the page cannot be displayed.p  pI have no idea how to start identifying the problem as Internet Explorer cant establish a connecting to the server so the log files are unaffected.p
Positive 325 pI installed a wordpress site. The visitors can only see the site without the prefix WWW. If someone types the website name with www, there is a site not installed page. I am with OVH hosting and they are blaming the wordpress but I am sure that someone without good knowledge answered as the problem was the same even before the wp installation took place. If I change wp url location in the backend to www.mysite.com there is a backend lockout till I edit the database directly with the url without www.p  pMy questionsp  p1 How to make my website accessible with both versions of the url wwwno www I want the www to appear in the address bar.p  p2 I do not want SEO rank loss due to duplicate content.p  pPlease help as the customer care sucks and for 2 weeks they cant solve this problem. I am sure someone out here can please provide a few steps which I can follow and implement what I want. Thanks a lot in advance.p
Positive 325 pI have list of URLs like thisp  precodehttpexample.comsdfsdfsdfsa httpsexample2.com53lasfdasdfs httpwww.example3.comasdfasasdfasdf.phpasdfa httpssubdomain.example4.comindex.phpidsadfa httpswww.subdomain.example5.comasdfasasdfasd codepre  pI need to extract only domains and subdomains without codehttpcode, codehttpscode, codewwwcode and all after codecodep  precodeexmaple.com exmaple2.com example3.com subdomain.example4.com subdomain.example5.com codepre
Positive 325 pMy problem is pretty stupid. I am hosting about 20 sites right now. I deleted some records out of the DNS configuration Manager in Windows Server 2012 Datacenter edition. I am in a remote connection and trying to configure the right DNS record to get the prefix strongwwwstrong.domain.com. Can someone quickly tell me which kind of record I need and where I should point it top  pI have tried CNAME records and A records. No result. So I might do something wrong.p  pGreetings, Benp  pPS Sorry for my bad Englishp
Positive 325 pI maintain a couple of news sites in Venezuela. Today, it seems that both domains are being blocked by the biggest public ISP in the country. Its still reachable from some other small ISPs and from another countries with no problems.p  pI understand my visitors can use a proxy, a VPN or the likes to be able to access the site, but are there some options to implement on the infrastructure sidep  pThanks a lotp
Positive 325 pIm running 2 domains on a single mailserver with 1 IP. The first domain, lets call it a.com, is set on the rDNS and therefore has no problem with sending mails.p  pThe second domain b.com, therefore will often be recognized as spam because the SPF record does not to be right..  following problem with the SPFp  precode[SPF] b.com does not allow your server xx.xx.xx.xx to use userb.com  What we retained as your current SPF record is  vspf1 mx ptr ptrxx.xx.xx.xx includea.com all More information about this error  b.com Junk encountered in mechanism ptrxx.xx.xx.xx codepre  pMy SPF entries for a.comp  precodevspf1 mx ptr ptr94.242.255.169 includeskuuup.net all codepre  pand for b.comp  precodevspf1 mx ptr ptr94.242.255.169 includewiiireopen.com all  codepre  pI would be thankful if you guys can help me out on this one. I tried to understand the SPF annotation but didnt find an article which explains the whole SPF system well enough.p
Positive 325 pI have one .IN domain name currently registered with GoDaddy, and I am looking to transfer it to  another service. Also, the domain is protected by CloudFlare i.e my domain nameservers are those provided by CloudFlare rather than GoDaddy default, which moves my DNS recordZone file management from GoDaddy to CloudFlare.p  pRight now Im considering below two options 1. Transfer my domain from GoDaddy to Enom25year or NamecheapRs 574yearp  ol start2 liTransfer my domain from GoDaddy to DNSimple5month which in turn registers the domain on enom for 25year.li ol  pNote, I will still be using CloudFlare after domain transfer.p  pI dont understand what service will DNSimple provide in 2nd option when my domain is registered to Enom and DNS record management is done on CloudFlare Dashboard.p  pDoes DNSimple just provide an easy amp cool interface for DNS zone file managementp  pThanks for your helpp
Positive 325 pI am developing a emmonitor the trafficem kind of an application on the router, where I use the codeTPROXYcode feature to intercept the DNS packet amp send it to my application server listening on a port. After processing, I forward the packet to the actual destination i.e., dnsmasq after modifying the TTL.p  pJFYI, my firewall rule to TPROXY forward the DNS Response packets to my application server listening on port 2345 looks like thisp  precodeiptables t mangle A PREROUTING i ltWANINTERFACEgt p udp sport 53 j TPROXY tproxymark 0x3 onport 2345 codepre  pAt my application server, without the error checksp  precodesockfd  socketAFINET, SOCKDGRAM, 0   setsockoptsocketfd, SOLIP, IPPKTINFO, ampenabled, sizeofint setsockoptsocketfd, SOLIP, IPTRANSPARENT, ampenabled, sizeofint setsockoptsocketfd, SOLIP, IPRECVORIGDSTADDR, ampenabled, sizeofint setsockoptsocketfd, SOLSOCKET, SOREUSEADDR, ampenabled, sizeofint   clientaddr points to the source IP i.e. upstream DNS servers IP  bindsockfd, const struct sockaddr clientaddr, sizeofstruct sockaddr   dstaddr points to the router IP on the WAN interface  sendtosockfd, dnspacketbuffer, datalen, 0,             const struct sockaddr dstaddr, sizeofstruct sockaddr codepre  pThis codesendtocode succeeds, i.e., no error But, dnsmasq does not receive the data To be more precise, the fd on which dnsmasq is waiting for data does not become ready.p  pAt the dnsmasq code, inside codecheckdnslistenerscodep  precodefor serverfdp  daemongtsfds serverfdp serverfdp  serverfdpgtnext     if FDISSETserverfdpgtfd, set         replyqueryserverfdpgtfd, serverfdpgtsourceaddr.sa.safamily, now codepre  pthe codeFDISSETcode returns codefalsecode. If I do not intercept the DNS response flow then this codeFDISSETcode returns true. What am I missing herep
Positive 325 pI was unable to find existing answers on this topic.p  pI am running a redis client that connects to a remote redis server not on the same host.p  pI can connect either via the domain name or via the servers IP, i.e. I can launch the client either via coderediscli h 123.123.123.123code or coderediscli h my.domain.comcode. It is more convenient to use the domain name.p  pSpeed is important for my use case, therefore I would like to know whether the costly DNS lookup happens only once at startup or multiple times throughout the life of the client.p  pThanksp
Positive 325 pTo register .cn domain from overseas, one way is to go through Chinas oversea dns partners.p  pIn Canada, it is a hrefhttp001.ca relnofollowhttp001.caap  pAre you able to register domain name there using corporate information instead of personal information How is the experiencep  pAre there any other better option to register .cn domain from Canadap
Positive 325 pIm running an app on a VM instance instance1 and would like myproject.appspot.com requests to be served by instance1.  p  pI read a hrefhttpscloud.google.comappenginedocsjavamodulesrouting relnofollowhttpscloud.google.comappenginedocsjavamodulesroutinga but it wasnt clear.  Is there a way to say send all traffic to my one instancep  pIf I go to my ephemeral external IP address for that instance, I can see the server.  But, that wont work for an oAuth2 domain no IP addresses allowed, so I need it to go through the named domain.p  pId be ok if I could use something constant like instance1dotmyproject.appspot.com but would prefer the base myproject.appspot.com to say any instances  great  use that.p
Positive 325 pIve setup consul a hrefhttpconsul.io relnofollowhttpconsul.ioa and dnsmasq so that I can have my own internal dns resolution.  I have tested with dig that consul supports reverse dns lookupsp  precode dig 127.0.0.1 p 8600 noall answer x  11.0.16.69 69.16.0.11.inaddr.arpa. 0      IN      PTR     ip1101669.node.dc1.consul. codepre  pHowever reverse dnslookups through dnsmasq fail. How do I configure dnsmasq to forward reverse lookup entries to consulp  pIm currently running consul with default configurations.  Each node has a consul agent started like sop  precodeconsul agent datadirtmpconsul bind ltipgt node ltshort hostnamegt codepre  pDnsmasq is running on each node with default configurations except for a single setting to forward dns requests to consul at port 8600.  There is a file at codeetcdnsmasq.d10consulcode that does this with contentp  precodeserverconsul127.0.0.18600 codepre  pFinally, I added an entry in codeetcresolve.confcode to point to localhost so dnsmasq is usedp  precodesearch usgovwest1.compute.internal nameserver 127.0.0.1 nameserver 11.0.0.2 codepre  pIm on AWS and it is vital that I can still leverage the dns service they provide in their environment as well as my own internal dns scheme.  p
Positive 325 pIm need to deploy an authoritative name server using and Ive found a hrefhttpsgithub.commiekgdns relnofollowcodemiekgdnscodea package to almost fit the bill  but I cant find how to storepersist records i.e. on disk . Currently it seems to store everything in a map but I guess its all gone when the server is shut down. Is there anything Im missing or an easy way to plugin a persistent storage engine p
Positive 325 pbr I have migrate the server and tranfered all data to another server . But after comleted migration email server not sending emails. br I got a solution that I need to change MX Record of mail server . i read a hrefhttpskb.funio.comviewid21709572 relnofollowhttpskb.funio.comviewid21709572a but seriously i dont have any idea to change mx record.br Emails are return with following msz br  strongMessage Delivery Failurestrong p  pReason Code DNS Server Timeoutbr Error Number 1460p  pIf any buddy have a good idea about it kindly share with me. br Thanks In Advance.p
Positive 325 pCan somebody explain this in two, three wordsp  pOn some websites straight after codeltheadgtcode I saw several codelinkcode tags with this attributep  precodeltlink reldnsprefetch hrefhttpwww.googletagmanager.com gt ltlink reldnsprefetch hrefhttpwww.googleanalytics.com gt ltlink reldnsprefetch hrefhttppagead2.googlesyndication.com gt ltlink reldnsprefetch hrefhttpgoogleads.g.doubleclick.net gt codepre  pWhat is the reason and which domains should I put into codehrefcodep
Positive 325 pForewordp  pMy rails app cares about the hostname. So for example when the request comes from codedomaina.devcode it behaves differently than when the request comes from codedomainb.devcode. I want to test this behaviour and therefore have routed the complete code.devcode TLD to code127.0.0.1code on my local machine, so I can set the domain of the server in my tests to what I want but it always uses my local machine tests server.p  pThis is necessary because my tests use codeseleniumcode, which launches an external browser and browses to codedomaina.devcode or codedomainb.devcode. So I cannot simply overwrite coderequest.hostnamecode or so in my tests, because this has no effect on the external browser.p  pNow I want to use a docker image for my tests, so I do not have to configure the test environment on multiple servers but simply start the docker image. Everything works so far but the code.devcode resolving.p  hr  pAFAIK Docker uses the hosts nameserver or google nameserver by default a hrefhttpsdocs.docker.comarticlesnetworkingdns relnofollowhttpsdocs.docker.comarticlesnetworkingdnsa, but that would mean to change the hosts dns to accomplish my goal which I dont want.p  pI want to build a docker image, where a special TLD, for example codedevcode, always routes to code127.0.0.1code, strongwithout touching the docker hoststrong.p  pThis means that for everybody running this docker image, for example codedomain.devcode will be resolved to code127.0.0.1code inside the container. Not only codedomain.devcode, but every code.devcode domain.. Other TLDs should work as usual.p  pAn idea I have is to start codednsmasqcode inside the container, configured to resolve code.devcode to code127.0.0.1code and forward the rest to the usual nameserver. But I am new to docker and have no idea if this is too complicated or how this could be accomplished.p  pAnother idea might be to overwrite codeetchostscode in the container with fixed entries for special domains. But this would mean I have to update the docker container in case I want to resolve new domains to code127.0.0.1code, which is a drawback if the domains change often.p  pWhat do the docker experts sayp
Positive 325 pIm hosting a node app on the google compute engine. My app is set to listen to the port 8080. I opened up a firewall to allow tcp connections to port 8080. I can connect to my app by entering p  precodehttpltyourinstanceipgt8080  codepre  pin the google chrome browser, where yourinstanceip is the external ip of the compute engine instance. I bought a domain. strongI want to make it so that when you enter my domain, it redirects you to this specific portstrong. But you can only add the external ip in the Arecord of my godaddy domain. How do I route all traffic to that ip, to the specific port 8080 I used nodejs with express. I want to do this using NGINX, could someone point out some tutorialsp
Positive 325 pI have a few WCF Web Services that I would like to test in Azures staging area instead of deploying directly to the production area.  p  pHeres the setupp  pI have two cloud services a hrefhttps1.cloudapp.net relnofollowhttps1.cloudapp.neta and a hrefhttps2.cloudapp.net relnofollowhttps2.cloudapp.neta.  These cloud service endpoints are endpoints in a traffic manager a hrefhttpsmycloudapps.trafficmanager.net relnofollowhttpsmycloudapps.trafficmanager.neta.  I have a DNS alias of a hrefhttpsmycloudapps.com relnofollowhttpsmycloudapps.coma mapped to the traffic manager url.p  pMy client is setup to establish an SSL connection using the certificate for a hrefhttpsmycloudapps.com relnofollowhttpsmycloudapps.coma.  p  pWhen I deploy to staging I edit my host file to use the staging ip to point to a hrefhttpsmycloudapps.com relnofollowhttpsmycloudapps.coma and if I ping a hrefhttpsmycloudapps.com relnofollowhttpsmycloudapps.coma I get the staging areas ip returned.  Yet when I call the services with my test client I am still hitting the endpoints behind the traffic manager url.p  pAdditionally, I have tried mapping the traffic manager url to the same virtual ip of the staging environment  but I get the same result.p  pHow can I call wcf services in Azures staging environment in this scenariop  pI havent had much luck on the web... Any help would be appreciated.p
Positive 325 pWere trying to set up Cloudflare prior to our launch. We initially registered our domain with Route 53 and want to keep it there... For context, our servers are hosted by DigitalOceanp  pWe set up Cloudflare and went through the flow about 24 hours ago. We changed the NS entries on Route 53 to Cloudflare.p  pHowever, when we go to sites like a hrefhttpwww.whoishostingthis.com relnofollowhttpwww.whoishostingthis.coma, its still showing Digital Ocean.p  pWe also have a subdomain  c.opencritic.com  for our image deploy pipeline. This is showing similar results.p  pHere are our current entriesp  pstrongON ROUTE 53strongp  ul liA  opencritic.com  IP of serverli liMX  opencritic.com  Gmail web serversli liNS  opencritic.com Cloudflare name serversli liSOA  opencritic.com  long Amazon string during setupli liCNAME  c.opencritic.com  Alias of opencritic.comli liCNAME  www.opencritic.com  Alias of opencritic.comli ul  pstrongON CLOUDLFAREstrongp  ul liA  opencritic.com  IP of serverli liCNAME  c.opencritic.com  Alias of opencritic.comli liCNAME  www.opencritic.com  Alias of opencritic.comli ul  pWhat are we missing Why arent we being routed through Cloudflarep  pCheers, Matthewp
Positive 325 pThere is a webpage. Users have their own profiles there. I need to allow users to have a deep link to their profiles. The easiest way is to use my webpage domain  user name. www.mywebpage.comuserxp  pThe question is if it is possible to allow users to bind their own domains to their profile urls on my web page.p  pE.g. www.userx.com should point to www.mywebpage.comuserx so that user can see the same page by navigating either to www.userx.com or www.mywebpage.comuserx p
Positive 325 pI have been experiencing some trouble when using cPanel and DKIM keys at my DNS provider.p  pThe problem From their opinion was that my DKIM key inside the TXT file made all other DNS records stop working when the DKIM key expired after 7 daysp  pMy question isp  pIs this true Will an expired TXT DKIM record make my A, Cname and MX records stop working p
Positive 325 pI usep  ul liwindows 7 x64li linodejs v. 0.12.2li liexpress v. 4.12.3li libodyparser v. 1.14.1li ul  pIve wrapped code with expressjs in domain, but when I try to send bad body parameter, domain can not catch exception. Could somebody say how to do to domain will catch it too And what is reason of that behaviourp  pstrongCode samplestrongp  precodevar domain  requiredomain  var d  domain.create d.onerror, functionerr      console.logerr.stack     console.logSomething is bad   d.runfunction      var express  requireexpress     var bodyParser  requirebodyparser      var app  express     app.usebodyParser.json     app.post, functionreq, res          res.status200.sendhello world          app.listen3000  codepre  pCurl samplep  precodecurl XPOST httplocalhost3000 d foo bar H ContentTypeapplicationjson v codepre  pstrongExceptionstrongp  precodeSyntaxError Unexpected token                                                                                           at Object.parse native                                                                                             at parse CUsersUserDesktopchecknodemodulesbodyparserlibtypesjson.js8817                              at CUsersUserDesktopchecknodemodulesbodyparserlibread.js11618                                           at invokeCallback CUsersUserDesktopchecknodemodulesbodyparsernodemodulesrawbodyindex.js26216       at done CUsersUserDesktopchecknodemodulesbodyparsernodemodulesrawbodyindex.js2517                  at IncomingMessage.onEnd CUsersUserDesktopchecknodemodulesbodyparsernodemodulesrawbodyindex.js3087 at IncomingMessage.emit events.js10417                                                                           at streamreadable.js90816                                                                                        at process.tickDomainCallback node.js38111                                                                      codepre
Positive 325 pI have successfully hosted my root domain name i.e www.domain.com in google blogger by adding CNAME records but now i want to host my domain subfolder i.e www.domain.comfolder on wordpress with bluehost.p  pIs this possible p  pPS I have updated Correct NameServers with my bluehostp  pThanksp
Positive 325 pbr I have a domain ex abc.com and two servers one in US and one in HK and the source code is the same in two server. br If a client in US access to my domain, I want the US server is used and simillar to HK server, if client is in HK, the HK server is used. How can I do like thisp
Positive 325 pIm hosting my site with a web hosting service. If I call the codehttpredirectcode function when accessing the site over the URL given by the hoster www.Name.Hostername.com everything works fine. But once I call the site over my top level domain I registered at the hosters site it throws the error.p  blockquote   pCall to undefined function httpredirectp blockquote
Positive 325 pi would like to add additonal cname records to google cloud dns using the php api.  cname records already exist for sub1.example.com and sub2.example.com added through the web console.  but im getting an error  p  pThe resource record set entity.change.additions[0] is invalid because the DNS name example.com. may have either one CNAME resource record set or resource record sets of other types, but not both.p  precodeltphp require ..autoload.php   clientemail  CEMAIL privatekey  filegetcontentsPKEY scopes  arrayhttpswww.googleapis.comauthndev.clouddns.readwrite project  PNAME managedZone  examplecom  creds  new GoogleAuthAssertionCredentialsclientemail,scopes,privatekey client  new GoogleClient clientgtsetAssertionCredentialscreds  resource  new GoogleServiceDnsResourceRecordSet resourcegtkind  dnsresourceRecordSet resourcegtname  example.com. resourcegtrrdatas[]  sub3.example.com. resourcegtttl  300 resourcegttype  CNAME  dns  new GoogleServiceDnsclient  change  new GoogleServiceDnsChange changegtkind  dnschange changegtsetAdditions[resource]  rdnsgtchangesgtcreateproject,managedZone,change echo ltpregt.printrr,true.ltpregt  gt codepre  palso i could not find a way to list the existsing cname records using the php api as this would have given me a clue to the answer here.  Does anyone know how to retreive these, so far the code p  precodeltphp include details from above  dns  new GoogleServiceDnsclient  rdnsgtmanagedZonesgtlistManagedZonesproject echo ltpregt.printrr,true.ltpregt  rdnsgtmanagedZonesgtgetproject,managedZone echo ltpregt.printrr,true.ltpregt  gt codepre  pdoes not list these cname records, although the methods, get and listManagedZones take an additional optional parameter i cannot find documentation on itp  psource  a hrefhttpsgithub.comgooglegoogleapiphpclientblobmastersrcGoogleServiceDns.php relnofollowhttpsgithub.comgooglegoogleapiphpclientblobmastersrcGoogleServiceDns.phpa line416, 395p  pfollow on from article  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions32132373googleclouddnsservicesentitychangeparameterisrequiredbutmissingGoogle Cloud DNS Services  entity.change parameter is required but missingap  pp  pa hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comapiclientlibraryphp relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comapiclientlibraryphpap  pa hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comapisexplorerpdnsv1 relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comapisexplorerpdnsv1ap  pa hrefhttpssupport.google.comcloudanswer6158849hlen relnofollowhttpssupport.google.comcloudanswer6158849hlenap  pa hrefhttpscloud.google.comdnsapiv1resourceRecordSetsresource relnofollowhttpscloud.google.comdnsapiv1resourceRecordSetsresourceap  pa hrefhttpscloud.google.comdnsdocs relnofollowhttpscloud.google.comdnsdocsap
Positive 325 pwhat Im trying to achieve is forwarding a domain to a subdirectory of my web server.br I need to have several 3rd party domains pointing to the same content whit preserving the link structure. p  pSo no matter if I type in codeexample.compage1code or codeexample.nlpage1code or codeexample.euexample1code there should be always the same content.  p  pAny ideas how to achieve that p
Positive 325 pFor a particular development task, I need this mapping to happenp  pcodemysub.myservice.comab gt localhostcodep  pcodemysub.myservice.comanything elsecode should route as normal.p  pWhat is the simplest way to set this up on OSX I tried codednsmasqcode but I couldnt figure out how to get this specific mapping to work.p  pIm on OSX 10.10.p
Positive 325 pI need to remotly access my mobile so I registered in noip.com everything is good. But when I tried to connect it says network is unreachable. When I used nmap it returned all 1000 ports are filtered . How can I access my drvice nowp
Positive 325 pTo my knowledge all versions of Chrome running on all platforms have this feature.p  pFeature basically is issuing three randomlooking DNS queries upon start and some people claim also periodically while running under certain circumstances to find out if DNS server resolves successfully all DNS queries, including ones for nonexistent domain names.p  pIt looks like a sketchy behavior and lots of people freak out suspecting malware or something wrong. p  pUnfortunately, randomlooking DNS queries is really a good i.e. has low percentage of false positives indicator of malware, which often uses this trick to communicate back to command amp control servers to download malicious payload and newer versions of attacking malware.p  pSo if you have an advanced IDS in your environment that watches for this behavior to detect malware AND many of your users use Chrome, it effectively renders this indicator useless.p  pIt looks like this sorry, dont have enough reputation to post images, but basically these are www.sfklj202sf2js8fj2l.com queries in a network capture and you can easily recreate this in your environment with Google Chrome and Fiddler or any other network capture software, like wireshark or MNM or message analyzer.p  pThere are a lot of discussions of this behavior on the Internet example search query Google Chrome random DNS queries in your favorite search engine, but none of them concerns about controlling this. There are several questions on how to turn it off on Google Chrome support forum, but they remain unanswered.p  pI tried to browse through Chromes advanced settings and aboutflags, but havent found any control that would allow me to disable this feature. I disabled all privacy stuff that might be related like DNS prefetching, but it doesnt stop randomlooking DNS queries.p  pI know that Chrome has tons of config files in users profile that we arent supposed to touch. I wonder, if theres a way to stop Chrome from doing this and how Any input is appreciated, including speculations, because Im desperate here and expect that there could be no solution here unless Google decides to fix it by introducing a new setting to control this behavior...p
Positive 325 pWe are starting our Bluemix IoT infrasctructure with IoTF and I am wondering about DNS issues in my devices. When I ship my IoT devices with a preconfigured organization ID, which is generated by Bluemix like codeorgid.messaging.internetofthings.ibmcloud.comcode, how can I customize this address to codemqtt.myorganization.comcode to have the ability to create other IoT instances without reconfiguring my devicep  pThanksp
Positive 325 pI want to redirect dot.tk domain to my PC running XAMPP for hosting. I have already added virtual server and added 127.0.0.1.p  pThis is my vhosts.confp  precodeNameVirtualHost 178.79.10.16480  ltVirtualHost 178.79.10.16480gt     ServerName www.talijabeauty.tk     ServerAlias talijabeauty.tk     ServerAdmin infotalijabeauty.tk     DocumentRoot Cxampphtdocstb ltVirtualHostgt codepre  pand this is my CWindowsSystem32driversetchostsp  precode localhost name resolution is handled within DNS itself.     127.0.0.1       localhost    1             localhost     127.0.0.1   talijabeauty.tk codepre  pwhat do i need to change for other people to access my website www.talijabeauty.tk and talijabeauty.tk I already passed ports 80 and 443 tru router and antivirus.p  pAlso i have set on dot.tk for my domain A records one is empty leading to my public IP adress, other is www leading also to my public IP.p
Positive 325 pI am currently setting up strongTP LINK tlwa850restrong repeater to work with WiFi router strongZYXEL vmg1312b30bstrong.p  pI followed the manual on the repeater, and selected a different SSID for the repeater so I know to which device I am connected to at the moment.p  pRight now, I am able to connect to both networks, but the repeater one is not able to connect to the internet despite the showing status in repeater web adminp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comu32lS.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comu32lS.png altRepeater statusap  pWhen I simply enter URL into browser while connected to repeater strongwifinkaextstrong, it looks that the DNS is not resolved, so I tried switching back to strongwifinkastrong router and pinging www.google.com to get the IP and then switching to strongwifinkaextstrong and pinging the IP directly like sop  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comCVRV2.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCVRV2.png altping on www.google.comap  pSo this doesnt look like DNS server issue, I also tried switching the band width of the repeater to 20Hz and 40Hz with no effect. Here is the log informationp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comNvbTT.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comNvbTT.png altRepeater system logap  pI really ran out of ideas there, any helpp
Positive 325 pi have this code on server 1p  precodesendmail.clickfunction        var name  inputname.val  get the value of the input field     var error  false     if name    name             errname.show500         errname.delay4000         errname.animate             height toggle         , 500, function                Animation complete.                  error  true  change the error state to true           var emailCompare  [az09.][daz.].[az.]2,6  Syntax to compare against input     var email  inputemail.val.toLowerCase  get the value of the input field     if email    email     emailCompare.testemail          erremail.show500         erremail.delay4000         erremail.animate             height toggle         , 500, function                Animation complete.                  error  true  change the error state to true            var comment  textareacomment.val  get the value of the input field     if comment    comment             errcomment.show500         errcomment.delay4000         errcomment.animate             height toggle         , 500, function                Animation complete.                  error  true  change the error state to true           if error  false          var dataString  contactform.serialize  Collect data from form         .ajax             url contactform.attraction,             type POST,             data dataString,             timeout 6000,             error function request, error               ,             success function response                  response  .parseJSONresponse                 if response.success                      successSend.show                     name.val                     email.val                     comment.val                  else                      errorSend.show                                                return false           return false  stops user browser being directed to the php file  codepre  pthen i have this other code on server 2p  precodeltphp  include functions.php  if emptyPOST  data[success]  true POST   multiDimensionalArrayMapcleanEvilTags, POST POST   multiDimensionalArrayMapcleanData, POST  your email adress  emailTo hotmail.com yourmailyoursite.com  from email adress emailFrom contactyoursite.com contactyoursite.com  email subject emailSubject  contacto teklife  name  POST[name] email  POST[email] comment  POST[comment] ifname   data[success]  false  if pregmatch[.09azAZ][09azAZ][09azAZ].[azAZ]2,6i, email  data[success]  false   ifcomment    data[success]  false   ifdata[success]  true   message  NAME nameltbrgt  EMAIL emailltbrgt  COMMENT comment    headers  MIMEVersion 1.0 . rn   headers . Contenttypetexthtml charsetutf8 . rn  headers  From TEKLIFE ltjsparrowblackpearl.comgt . PHPEOL .  headers . Replyto ltemailgt.     XMailer PHP . phpversion    mailemailTo, emailSubject, message, headers   data[success]  true  echo jsonencodedata     codepre  pand this is the code of the contact form on server 1p  precodeltdiv idsuccessSend classalert alertsuccess invisiblegt                                 ltstronggtWell doneltstronggtYour message has been sent.ltdivgt                             ltdiv iderrorSend classalert alerterror invisiblegtThere was an error.ltdivgt         ltform idcontactform  methodpost actionhttpguara.webposicionamientoweb.com.mxplutonphpmail.phpgt                                 ltdiv classcontrolgroupgt                                     ltdiv classcontrolsgt                                         ltinput classspan12 typetext idname namename placeholder Your name... gt                                         ltdiv classerror leftalign iderrnamegtPlease enter name.ltdivgt                                     ltdivgt                                 ltdivgt                                 ltdiv classcontrolgroupgt                                     ltdiv classcontrolsgt                                         ltinput classspan12 typeemail nameemail idemail placeholder Your email... gt                                         ltdiv classerror leftalign iderremailgtPlease enter valid email adress.ltdivgt                                     ltdivgt                                 ltdivgt                                 ltdiv classcontrolgroupgt                                     ltdiv classcontrolsgt                                         lttextarea classspan12 namecomment idcomment placeholder Comments...gtlttextareagt                                         ltdiv classerror leftalign iderrcommentgtPlease enter your comment.ltdivgt                                     ltdivgt                                 ltdivgt                                 ltdiv classcontrolgroupgt                                     ltdiv classcontrolsgt                                         ltbutton idsendmail classmessagebtngtSend messageltbuttongt                                     ltdivgt                                 ltdivgt                             ltformgt codepre  pas you seen i send the post datas to other server,, if i click send on the contact form nothing happens...but the email is send ok... so i need the response so when i click send... the contact form fields are cleared... and the text appears ...message has been sent..p  pim complete newbee on this codes .. so some help are welcomep
Positive 325 pI understand that my question is certainly not specific to dns.lookup function but can someone explain to me the returned object  p  precodegt dns.lookupgoogle.com,functionerr, address, family gt  callback  [Function asyncCallback] immediately true ,     family 0,     hostname google.com,     oncomplete [Function onlookup],     domain       domain null,        events  error [Function] ,        maxListeners undefined,        members []   codepre
Positive 325 pIm trying to deploy my app to dreamhost, I have the following configurationp  precodedomain to host  mydomain.com do you want the www  add www mydomain.com redirects to www.mydomain.com codepre  predirect settingsp  precodedomain to redirect  mydomain.com redirect to url  with httpwww.mydomain.com codepre  pIn DNS settings I have a record with p  precodeName  .mydomain.com Type  CNAME Value  origin.meteor.com  codepre  pAnd the following commandp  precodemeteor deploy www.mydomain.com codepre  pWhen I try to open the url in my browser I get a errtoomanyredirectp  pWhat can i do to fix thisp
Positive 325 pI have created a WordPress project in my localhost, this is working.p  pI sent my project to git repository for hosting this in my codeVPScode, I cloned the project in my codeVPScode and imported my local database to remote database.p  pMy Wordpress is hosting in remote, but why when I try access admin area with url codehwsystem.com.brwpadmincode, this redirecting me to codehttplocalhostwplogin.phpredirecttohttp3A2F2Fhwsystem.com.br2Fwpadmin2Fampreauth1code p  pHow can I fix this problemp  hr  pI found where the problem isp  pThis problem is because I import database of my local database, where codeoptionsvaluecode of codeoptionsnamecode in codewpoptionscode table is codehttplocalhostcode, I just change it to my remote domain and is working.p
Positive 325 pScenario Proxmox 3.4 with 4 VM on OVHp  pI migrated 3 VM from an old server to a new one with no problems.p  pToday I migrated the last one, the migration with vzrestore was succesfully terminated. I moved the IP failover on the new machine 1 IP  1 block of 8 ip, now I can access via Plesk to the server plesk has a dedicated IP address but I cannot access to any hosted web site via webp  pI get ERRCONNECTIONREFUSEDp  pHTTP request header  HEAD  HTTP1.1   UserAgent Mozilla5.0 Linux a hrefhttpwww.kloth.netservicessrvinfo.php relnofollowhttpwww.kloth.netservicessrvinfo.phpa   Host MYIPADDRESS X  Accept emem  Connection Close  This does not work, sorry. Connection timed out 110 HTTP response header from MYIPADDRESS X  Connection timed out 110 p  pOn proxmox 3.4 all looks fine and on plesk 12 too.p  pAny tips thxp
Positive 325 pIve set up Prestashop multistore according to the a hrefhttpdoc.prestashop.comdisplayPS15ManagingMultipleShops relnofollowPrestashop docsa. My main domain is margaretdabbs.nl and the other store that I want to manage from this backend is aspadirect.nlshop. However, none of the guides that Ive seen explain what you should actually do on the other domain, they only said what to do for the existing PrestaShop installation.p  pSo my question is what do I need to do on the other server Should I install PrestaShop there as well Set up multistore in the same wayp  pOr do I need to point the aspadirect.nl nameservers to the original domain margaretdabbs.nl and do some DNSfup
Positive 325 pExamplep  pLets say we have a domain www.example.com.p  pThis domain points to Heroku and we have functional website.p  precodeexample.herokuapp.com www.example.com codepre  pWhen we load the websitep  precodewww.example.com codepre  pour website works and succesfully loading App on Heroku. Lets say it is running a Django framework Python Environmentp  pThere is another website that has different IP and is built in Ruby Rails for example and is running on different host provider.p  pIf we load the website www.example.com, we are on the homepage, we can easily browse different pages like about, photos, videos etc.p  pIs there a possibility if I typep  precodewww.example.comstore codepre  pthat it would load that ruby rails websitep  pLets remove possibilty moving the app from different provider to heroku or any other provider that www.example.com is on or precisly were example.com points to in DNS. p  pIs it possible to map it somehow or point it in DNS to make it work like thatp
Positive 325 pIm having a really hard time configuring cloudflare properly so any help is much appreciated p  pI have an web application that create a unique database for each user, example p  pthe application is installed on example.com once the user user1 sign up, is login url will be user1.example.com you can see in live what Im talking about if you open an account on activecampaign.comp  pNow the issue is once I set cloudflare DNS example.com is working, I have a forum on a subdomain forum.example.com is working as well because I have added an A record for that subdomain on cloudflare but user1.example.com is not workingp  pAgain dont tell me to add an A record for user1  because is user1 is not a subdomain the app just create a unique database for each user same like activecampaign app doesp  pBestp
Positive 325 pIve never seen this issue before, and I have tried googling the hell out of it. Unfortunately I cant come up with unique enough search terms to not get a lot of generic speed tests and malware stuff.p  pMy issue is that whenever I load any page, I always get a wait period. It can be an extra 1s and sometimes as bad as 10s. After the page initially loads, then its fine afterward. p  pThat made me think its dns, so I updated my dns to googles 4.4.4.4 but that didnt change anything at all. What else can I tryp
Positive 325 pI need to maintain PHP sessions across multiple subdomain or domains on the same server. I am going to be integrating my sites with a RegisterPayment gateway, etc.., So i will need to use MySQL based sessions. p  pEx. subdomain to sharing in between ..,p  pa hrefhttptest.com relnofollowtest.comap  pa hrefhttpregister.test.com relnofollowregister.test.comap  pa hrefhttpmyaccount.test.com relnofollowmyaccount.test.comap  pAre there any other options ProsConsp  pThanks in advance..p
Positive 325 pWe are trying to detect that a new signup is or is not using Office 365 based off of their email address.p  pIts easy to identify the mx record domains used for Office 365 UNIQUETOKEN.mail.protection.outlook.com, so searching for strong.mail.protection.outlook.comstrong seems like the thing to do.p  pstrongQuestion are there other Exchange Online services that use this MX record format that are NOT Office 365strongp  pI think that Office 365 inherited this MX record schema from other services, and that there could still be some other services that actively use it.  But Im having a hard time confirming it.p
Positive 325 pI am writing a code to pass domain name and ip address from file to dns resolver query. But it does not seem to be workingp  precodeimport dns.resolver import os import sys  d  openstrsys.argv[1],r contains the domain name list ip  openstrsys.argv[2],r  contain the list of ip address as dns resolver   domainlist  d.readlines iplist  ip.readlines myresolver  dns.resolver.Resolver outputf  openoutput.txt,a for nameserv in iplist         myresolver.nameservers  [nameserv]         for domain in domainlist                 try                         answer  myresolver.querydomain                         entry  server         nameserv     queryresult   stranswer  n                         outputf.writeentry                 except                          print domain,nameserv                         print no domain   d.close ip.close outputf.close codepre  pMy ip address list contains 8.8.8.8 and 127.0.1.1 which are both valid dns resolvers. domain list contain www.facebook.com,www.urltrends.com etc Still i am getting error that no domain exists.p
Negative 325 pIve got a group of interrelated classes that are all overridden together to create a particular implementation. Im wondering if it is a good idea to enclose the interrelated subclasses in a namespace.p  pFor example purposes, consider the following namespaces and classesp  precodenamespace Protocol    public abstract class Message     public abstract class Driver    namespace Protocol.Tcp    public class TcpMessage  Message     public class TcpDriver  Driver    namespace Protocol.Ftp    public class FtpMessage  Message     public class FtpDriver  Driver    codepre  pWhat is the best way to structure the namespaces It seems unavoidable to expose the inheritance in the namespace since the base classes dont really belong in either the Protocol.Tcp namespace or the Protocol.Ftp namespace.p
Negative 325 pI knew of some performance reasons back in the SQL 7 days, but do the same issues still exist in SQL Server 2005 If I have a resultset in a stored procedure that I want to act upon individually, are cursors still a bad choice If so, whyp
Negative 325 pThere is a limitation on Windows Server 2003 that prevents you from copying extremely large files, in proportion to the amount of RAM you have.  The limitation is in the CopyFile and CopyFileEx functions, which are used by xcopy, Explorer, Robocopy, and the .NET FileInfo class.p  pHere is the error that you getp  blockquote   pCannot copy [filename] Insufficient system resources exist to complete the requested service.p blockquote  pThe is a a hrefhttpsupport.microsoft.comdefault.aspxkb259837 relnofollowknowledge base articlea on the subject, but it pertains to NT4 and 2000.p  pThere is also a suggestion to a hrefhttpblogs.technet.comaskperfarchive20070508slowlargefilecopyissues.aspx relnofollowuse ESEUTILa from an Exchange installation, but I havent had any luck getting that to work.p  pDoes anybody know of a quick, easy way to handle this  Im talking about 50Gb on a machine with 2Gb of RAM.  I plan to fire up Visual Studio and just write something to do it for me, but it would be nice to have something that was already out there, stable and welltested.p  pstrong[Edit]strong I provided working C code to accompany the accepted answer.p
Negative 325 pIn C if I want to convert a double 1.71472 to an int then I get the answer 2.  If I do this in Java using intValue method, I get 1 as the answer.p  pDoes Java round down on conversionsp  pWhy do the Java API docs have such scant information about their classes i.e. p  blockquote   pReturns the value of the specified   number as an int. This may involve   rounding or truncation.p blockquote  pA bit more info about the rounding would have been helpfulp
Negative 325 pI am designing an application such that it will have to react to certain actions required by the website, mostly the same way Last.FM client does if you have used onep  pThe way Last.FM client works is that, it will register a custom protocol in Windows lastfm and on their website, they use that protocol to trigger certain action on the player, e.g.p  precodelastfmartistsimilarartists codepre  pwill actually direct any Last.FM client running to load up similar artists.p  pI would like to do the same thing for my application.p  pIs this a good idea Is there any good alternatives to send a message from a website to a desktop client in this mannerp
Negative 325 pDoes anyone have experience bundling a datasource ds.xml definition  loginconfig.xml as a service archive in jboss  Ive been fighting with this for awhile to no avail.  Im just looking for some pointers on how I should be laying the .sar out.  I want the .sar to ultimately live in a .ear.  Any pointers greatly appreciatedp
Negative 325 pWish to simultaneously call a function multiple times. I wish to use threads to call a function which will utilize the machines capability to the fullest. This is a 8 core machine, and my requirement is to use the machine cpu from 10 to 100 or more.  p  pMy requirement is to use the boost class. Is there any way I can accomplish this using the boost thread or threadpool library Or some other way to do itp  pAlso, if I have to call multiple functions with different parameters each time with separate threads, what is the best way to do this [using boost or not using boost] and howp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltfstreamgt include ltstring.hgt include lttime.hgt include ltboostthreadmutex.hppgt include ltboostbind.hppgt  using namespace std using boostmutex using boostthread  int threadedAPI1  int threadedAPI2  int threadedAPI3  int threadedAPI4   int threadedAPI1   cout ltlt Thread0 ltlt endl    int threadedAPI2   cout ltlt Thread1 ltlt endl   int threadedAPI3   cout ltlt Thread2 ltlt endl   int threadedAPI4   cout ltlt Thread3 ltlt endl   int mainint argc, char argv[]   boostthreadpoolthreadpoolltgt threads4  start a new thread that calls the threadLockedAPI function threads.scheduleboostbindampthreadedAPI1,0 threads.scheduleboostbindampthreadedAPI2,1 threads.scheduleboostbindampthreadedAPI3,2 threads.scheduleboostbindampthreadedAPI4,3  wait for the thread to finish threads.wait  return 0  codepre  pThe above is not working and I am not sure why p
Negative 325 pIve got two tables that need to be joined via LINQ, but they live in different databases. Right now Im returning the results of one table, then looping through and retrieving the results of the other, which as you can guess isnt terribly efficient. Is there any way to get them into a single LINQ statement Is there any other way to construct this to avoid the looping Im just looking for ideas, in case Im overlooking something.p  pNote that I cant alter the databases, i.e. I cant create a view in one that references the other. Something I havent tried yet is creating views in a third database that references both tables. Any ideas welcome.p
Negative 325 pWeve built up an application infrastructure based on ActiveMQ.p  pWe can send and receive messages just fine, and for the most part things are pretty fast and OK.p  pHowever, weve noticed that if we submit a batch of messages at once, say 5,000 messages  that ActiveMQ will get the messages to the 3rd party application on the other end pretty quickly, and that this application will process also pretty quickly, and that it will en queue the replies back to the broker quickly also, say under a minute.p  pBut for some reason, our VB.NET EXE that originated the messages in the first place only appears to be processing the return messages it receives erratically, sometimes doing about one per second, sometimes taking breaks for an hour or so and then going back to one per second.p  precodeOrigin VB.NET EXE which we manage      gt Broker  which we manage         gt 3rd party app              gt back to the same broker                  gt back to the origin app. codepre  pThe Receiver is waiting for the event MessageListener from C code downloaded from ActiveMQ maybe 9 months agop  precodePublic Delegate Sub MessageListenerByVal message As NMS.IMessage      Member of NMS codepre  pI think whats happening is that MessageListener only gives us one message NMS.IMessage to chew on, and so thats what we process.p  pIs there some way to say On a MessageListener event, please see if there are other messages on the queue right now and do them allp
Negative 325 pSo this is something that has been at the back of my mind for a while.  Ive seen mentions of it, Ive read the a hrefhttpfitnesse.orgFitNesse.TwoMinuteExample relnofollowfitness web pagea and I still dont quite grok it.  It seems like   Fitnesse is yet another testing framework like NUnit or MbUnit or any of the others because you define inputs and outputs that you want to see but it seems to be aimed at testing the application as a whole rather than as units.p  pIf that is so, how does it run  Do you have to design your application with hooks for fit testing  Where on the spectrum of testing does it actually fall  And can someone give me a good example of where and how fit tests could be used and what are some advantagesdisadvantagesp
Negative 325 pIm developing an Eclipse plugin and am going to start presenting it in conferences and other venues, so people will install it.p  pOne limitation of the plugin is that because of the amount of information it has to maintain to work, it needs more heap space than what is allocated to Eclipse by default. Eclipse runs with a miniscule max heap even on computers with tons of RAM, and many developers never bother to fix this, especially when running new versions.p  pIf my plugin runs on a system with not enough heap space, it may slow Eclipse down.p  pWhats the best strategy for addressing this Is there some official way through Eclipse Run time checks every time the plugin starts etc. p
Negative 325 pHow do you programatically do the following from the iPhone SDKp  ol lipProgramatically Dial a Phone Number through the iPhone SDKpli lipBypass the strongdial  cancelstrong prompt that the iPhone brings uppli lipSend additional DTMF after the number is dialed just like how you would program pauses into a regular phone. pli ol  pI know you can make a codetelcode call but the issue is that it brings up the dial  cancel prompt and after that it prevents any future DTMF from being sent.p
Negative 325 pIs there any benefit to explicitly using the StoredProcedure CommandType as opposed to just using a Text Command  In other words, isp  precodecmd  new SqlCommandEXEC StoredProcp1, p2 cmd.CommandType  CommandType.Text cmd.Parameters.Addp1, 1 cmd.Parameters.Addp2, 2 codepre  pany worse thanp  precodecmd  new SqlCommandStoredProc cmd.CommandType  CommandType.StoredProcedure cmd.Parameters.Addp1, 1 cmd.Parameters.Addp2, 2 codepre  pEDIT Fixed bad copy paste job again.  Also, the whole point of the question is for a data access class.  Id much rather be able to pass the stored proc name and parameters in one line as opposed to extra lines for each parameter.p
Negative 325 pI created a desktop application with Swing Application Framework, now how can I convert it to an applet The main class extends SingleFrameApplication.p  pEDITED This is the starting class, used NetBeans GUI builderp  precodepublic class PhotoApp extends SingleFrameApplication              At startup create and show the main frame of the application.           Override protected void startup          shownew PhotoViewthis                  This method is to initialize the specified window by injecting resources.       Windows shown in our application come fully initialized from the GUI       builder, so this additional configuration is not needed.           Override protected void configureWindowjava.awt.Window root                   A convenient static getter for the application instance.       return the instance of PhotoUploaderApp           public static PhotoApp getApplication          return Application.getInstancePhotoApp.class                  Main method launching the application.           public static void mainString[] args          launchPhotoApp.class, args       codepre
Negative 325 pI try to manually build a Json string to send to the client.p  precoderesulthhh codepre  pWhen I usep  precodeecho jsonencodearrayresultgthhh codepre  pIt arrives perfectly. But when I dop  precodeecho resulthhh codepre  pIt isnt  p  pThe only difference I find between the two requests is that the first one hasp  precodeContentLength 9    header codepre  pand the second one which does not workp  precodeContentLength 16   header codepre  pBoth the strings should have been content length 16 I guess it something to do with the combination of ZF and Mootools.p
Negative 325 pI am working on a form in C that is used for displaying information, but I still need to allow some manipulation of the information.  What I really want to do is remove the border from a combobox, this would allow me to display the information while also allowing the user to select other items in the set without having to display them all.p  pTo be more specific I have a list of 4 or 5 email addresses, but I only want to display one at a time while allowing the user a way to easily select a different item.  I have searched all over but cant find an easy way to modify the border of a combobox, and a border less combobox will fit my needs nicely.p  pI just started with C so Im still learning, maybe I am missing something.  Seems like this should be a lot easier than its turning out to be, hopefully somebody can help me out.p  pEDITbr The form is using labels to display information, so having a combobox in the middle of it makes it look awful. Basically what Im looking for is a Link that when clicked opens the default email program and fills in the address, but I want the dropdown button so an alternate address can be selected.  I dont want to display a huge list of addresses if I dont have to, I just want to display one at a time. Like a combobox, but with no border.p  pI could probably just add a button that displays a list of the alternate addresses, but why reinvent the wheel if I can just remove the border from a combobox and have exactly what Im looking for Thanksp
Negative 325 pIf I bind GridView to SqlDataSource and also set AutoGenerateEditButton to true, and if I then try to update a field  this field being a primary key in database , then  database  should return an error and thus SqlException should be thrownp  pSo why doesnt page report an exception Instead, all Gridview does is setting all fields in that row back to their original values.p  pbr p  pWhen I executed same update statement with the following code, I got emCannot update identity column EmployeeID  exceptionem, so Im assuming Sql Server did report same error when GridView tried to update, but for some reason exception wasnt raisedp  precode        SqlConnection sc  new SqlConnection         sc.ConnectionString  Data sourcelocalhost integrated securitysspi initial catalognorthwind         SqlCommand sComand  new SqlCommand          sComand.Connection  sc         sComand.CommandText  update Employees set EmployeeId100,FirstNameSuzy,                     LastNameSmile,CityMoon where EmployeeId1         sc.Open         int I  sComand.ExecuteNonQuery codepre  pbr p  pBTW  I tried with setting DataKeyNamesEmployeeId, but exception was still not raised  p  pthanx p  pEDIT br  Hello,p  pSorry for not replying sooner, but I havent noticed I got a reply. br p  pAnyways, for some reason its working now, meaning GridView does report an exception. Thus I mustve made some mistake in my code, but due to constant rewriting of my code I have no idea where would that mistake be. Sorry for wasting your time and thank you for helping me outp  pbr p
Negative 325 pHow do you bind resources string to Xaml  in Silverlightp
Negative 325 pI have terminal.app set to accept utf8 and in bash I can type unicode characters, copy and paste them, but if I start the python shell I cant and if I try to decode unicode I get errorsp  precodegtgtgt wtf  uxe4xf6xfc.decode Traceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt UnicodeEncodeError ascii codec cant encode characters in position 02 ordinal not in range128 gtgtgt wtf  uxe4xf6xfc.decodeutf8 Traceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File SystemLibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions2.5libpython2.5encodingsutf8.py, line 16, in decode     return codecs.utf8decodeinput, errors, True UnicodeEncodeError ascii codec cant encode characters in position 02 ordinal not in range128 codepre  pAnyone know what Im doing wrong p
Negative 325 pIm currently working in another country, and my PC has a non english version of windows installed, I dont care about this, but I do care a lot when visual studio show error messages because they are also localized to the same language as windows.p  pSometimes I spend a good time trying to find what it means, which is pretty boring...p  pis there any way to configure windows or visual studio to display the messages in englishp  pthanksp
Negative 325 pWhats the best way to create 2D arrays in Pythonp  pWhat I want is want is to store values like thisp  precodeX , Y , Z codepre  pso that I access data like codeX[2],Y[2],Z[2]code or codeX[n],Y[n],Z[n]code where codencode is variable. I dont know in the beginning how big codencode would be so I would like to append values at the end.p
Negative 325 pHow do I  call a stored procedure without error in ADO.NET Entity Framework If I use the code below, I get an errorp  precodeadminNameContext.AddItemCategory12, ggf, DateTime.Now codepre  pbErrorbp  pThe data reader is incompatible with the specified NetTanitimTestModel.Categories. A member of the type, ID, does not have a corresponding column in the data reader with the same name. strongp  precodeALTER procedure [dbo].[spAddItemCategory]        item int,      category nvarchar50,     date smalldatetime       as   begin     ifitem1     begin       insert into CategoriesPARENTID,Category,Date valuesnull,category,date     end     else     begin       insert into CategoriesPARENTID,Category,Date valuesitem,category,date     end   end codepre  pstrongp  pi have Categories table which has got 3 columns PARENTID,Category,Datep
Negative 325 pWhen jqGrid is empty I want to display single empty row inside the grid with information message that there are not any data. How is this possible Thanksp
Negative 325 pI have an object that holds references to 2 daemon threads. I am considering the corner case where it is not deinitialized, so I can determine whether I need a finalizer. The function for detinitializing stops the threads. I could go ahead and just add a finalizer but I am curiousp  ol lipCan the object get garbage collected while the above threads are alivepli lipIf it can get garbage collected, will the threads get interruptedpli ol
Negative 325 pLet me explain the set up first.p  pWe have an oracle server running on a 2GB RAM machine. The Db instance has the init parameter sessions set to 160.p  pWe have the application deployed on Websphere 6.1. The connection pool settings is Min 50 and Max 150.p  pWhen we run Load test on 40 Users concurrent, using jMeter, everything goes fine. But when we increase the concurent users to Beyond 60, Oracle throws and exception that it is out of sessions.p  pWe checked the application for any connection leaks but could not find any.p  pSo does it mean that the concurrency of 40 is what this setup can take  Is increasing the Oracle sessionsprocess the only way to obtain higher concurrency  p  pHow exactly are the DB sessions and Connection in the Connection pool related  In my understanding, the connections cannot exceed the sessions and so setting the Max Connection pool to more than sessions may not really matter. Is that correct p
Negative 325 pIm responsible for some embedded software that has to work with a customers proprietary TCP interface also embedded, but running under a well known and well regarded RTOS, but its not getting through the threeway handshake, even though the HTTP interface, etc., all work fine, and I can communicate using the custom protocol with a program running on my PC.p  pLooking at the WireShark captures, his side initiates by sending a SYN, I send a SYNACK, and then he immediately sends a RST, so it looks like the problem is on his end.  Is my analysis correctp  pHeres a typical three packet example of the problem, with the MAC IDs anonymized the real MAC IDs are valid.  Sorry about pasting the raw hex, if anybodys got a better idea of how to put the WireShark capture up, Im certainly amenable.p  precode63  20090629 130749.68505710.13.91.210.13.92.3TCP1024 gt 49151 [SYN] Seq0 Win8192 Len0 MSS1460 WS0 TSV194 TSER0  0000   f1 f1 f1 00 03 09 ab ab ab 60 10 89 08 00 45 00   0010   00 3c 00 68 40 00 40 06 6f 35 0a 0d 5b 02 0a 0d   0020   5c 03 04 00 bf ff 7d b3 81 44 00 00 00 00 a0 02   0030   20 00 9c 2f 00 00 02 04 05 b4 01 03 03 00 01 01   0040   08 0a 00 00 00 c2 00 00 00 00    64  20090629 130749.68537510.13.92.310.13.91.2TCP49151 gt 1024 [SYN, ACK] Seq0 Ack1 Win1460 Len0  0000   ab ab ab 60 10 89 f1 f1 f1 00 03 09 08 00 45 00   0010   00 28 00 02 00 00 64 06 8b af 0a 0d 5c 03 0a 0d   0020   5b 02 bf ff 04 00 d4 ff ff ff 7d b3 81 45 50 12   0030   05 b4 47 07 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00    65  20090629 130749.68554910.13.91.210.13.92.3TCP1024 gt 49151 [RST] Seq1 Win0 Len0  0000   f1 f1 f1 00 03 09 ab ab ab 60 10 89 08 00 45 00   0010   00 28 00 6a 00 00 40 06 af 47 0a 0d 5b 02 0a 0d   0020   5c 03 04 00 bf ff 7d b3 81 45 00 00 00 00 50 04   0030   00 00 21 c9 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 codepre
Negative 325 pThis is a C problem. I have a big object in memory at a certain time. I want to serialize it to a file. There are two steps to do it. 1st, I need to change the object to csv string. 2nd, I need to serialize the csv string.p  pI have a utility tool, which can append strings to a MemoryStream. I use this utility tool to convert the big object to csv string in a big trunk of MemoryStream. After converting the big object to a MemoryStream, I create a StreamReader of the MemoryStream and call its method StreamReader.ReadToEnd to convert the MemoryStream to a long string. Then I call info.AddValueBigObject, string to serialize the string.p  pAs one can see, in the memory, I will actually hold three copies of the big object. The first one is the object itself, the second will be the MemoryStream, holding the csv string and the third is the string, which is actually a redundant of the MemoryStream.p  pIs there any way to reduce the memory consumption in this procedure It seems that if not MemoryStream, I will anyway need to use a StringBuilder to hold the csv string of the big object and I will anyway need to call StringBuilder.ToString to get the final string. Then the final string and the StringBuilder will coexist in the memory and consume the same amount of memory as currently the MemoryStream and string.p  pAny idea is welcomed. Thank you. p
Negative 325 pIn python with all this idea of Everything is an object where is threadsafetyp  pI am developing django website with wsgi. Also it would work in linux, and as I know they use effective process management, so we could not think about threadsafety alot. I am not doubt in how module loads, and there functions are static or not Every information would be helpfull.p
Negative 325 pI tried doing this but then it is not working p  precode ltphp  if SERVER[SERVERNAME]httpwww.testground.idghosting.comidi ampamp SERVER[REQUESTURI]  ourproduction            echo ltdiv idservicesgt lth1gtOur serviceslth1gt lta hrefltphp bloginfourl gt idservproductions titleOur ProductionsgtltspangtOur Productionsltspangtltagt lta hrefltphp bloginfourl gt idservservices titleProduction ServicesgtltspangtProduction Servicesltspangtltagt lta hrefltphp bloginfourl gt idservequipment titleEquipment ampamp FacilitiesgtltspangtEquipment ampamp Facilitiesltspangtltagt lta hrefltphp bloginfourl gt idservpr titlePR ampamp MediagtltspangtPR ampamp Medialtspangtltagt  ltdivgt       else           echo ltdivgt do not showltdivgt         gt codepre  pto see the sample a hrefhttpwww.testground.idghosting.comidi relnofollowclick herea see the block where it says Our services in the bottom I dont want it to be shown on ths page but visible to all other pages....p
Negative 325 pSuppose I have a lex regular expression likep  precode[aA][09]2,2[pP][sS][nN]  return TOKEN  codepre  pIf a user entersp  precodeA75PsN A75PS codepre  pIt will matchp  pBut if a user says something likep  precodeA75PKN codepre  pI would like it to error and say Character K not recognized, expecting Sp  pWhat I am doing right now is just writing it likep  precodelet [azAZ] num [09]  letnum2,2let2,3 codepre  pAnd then essentially relexing the string in Yacc so that I can have meaningful error conditionsp  pHow can I get around thisp  pThe only thing I can think of is to use named groupsp
Negative 325 pWere having a problem where a mysqldump script is spending 90 of its time populating a small handful of the tables it deals with.  Eliminating FKs and indexes eliminates the speed problem, but is not an acceptable solution.p  pThe dump script strongdoesstrong havep  precode40014 SET OLDUNIQUECHECKSUNIQUECHECKS, UNIQUECHECKS0  40014 SET OLDFOREIGNKEYCHECKSFOREIGNKEYCHECKS, FOREIGNKEYCHECKS0  codepre  pCan we expect any different behavior from codeALTER TABLE foo DISABLE KEYScodep  pAlso, is codedisable keyscode   sessionscoped  or is it permanent until I reenable it  Can I disable keys from one mysql session and have it effect the import issued from another sessionp
Negative 325 pI have a stored procedure that queries some data and emails it, Id like to change the procedure so that any numbers in the thousands get displayed with commas like 1,000. I guess the best way of doing this in SQL is to convert it to a string and add the commap  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI need to delete a folder with contents using PHP. codermdircode and codeunlinkcode delete empty folders, but are not able to delete folders which have contents.p
Negative 325 pIm currently working on a jQuery plugin that tracks a visitors mouse behavior. Movements, clicks, scrolling and resizing are all recorded and sent, via Ajax, to a location where this data is parsed and stored.p  pOriginally, the data is sent to a script when the user leaves the page. By leaves Im referring to refreshing, going back and forth though history, closing the windowtab and going to a different address.p  pThe solution works in all browsers EXCEPT for Opera. Im using jQuerys unload event which isnt supported by Opera at all. Neither is onbeforeunload or onunload.p  pThe question is, how do I implement this kind of functionality for Opera browsersp  pOne solution I had was to make special use of a polling feature I created. This feature allows you to specify an interval which pushes the content to the server every x seconds. Setting this to 1 second specifically for Opera browsers would probably solve this issue, but its an awful amount of overhead and the requests arent always completed in sequence, etc ...p  pAny suggestions or am I only stuck with the above optionp  pThanksp  pemI suppose I could just link you guys to the plugin source. a hrefhttpwww.thedrunkenepic.comjunkjquery.mousalytics.js relnofollowhttpwww.thedrunkenepic.comjunkjquery.mousalytics.jsaemp  pRegarding the code linked above, addingp  precodeifwindow.opera  options.interval  1  codepre  pOn line 89 works great. My only concern is overhead, so Im still looking for a more elegant solution.p
Negative 325 pHere is a code p  precodevar collection  function                  var x  0                 return                      y  x,                     get  functionreturn x,                     set  functionn  x  n                                                          collection.set1000 codepre  pWhy codecollection.y  collection.getcode p
Negative 325 pIm tired to work with this divs . Here is my problem I have 2 divsp  precodeltdiv idcontentgt   ltdiv idrowleftgtltdivgt   ltdiv idrowmiddlegtltdivgt   ltdiv idrowrightgtltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv idbottomgtltdivgt codepre  pcssp  precodecontent    overflow hidden width 100  codepre  pContentdiv is including another 3 divs, which should stay horizontally.p  precoderowleft, rowmiddle, rowrifht  float left width 33  codepre  pThe trouble is that bottom div doesnt stay refer to contenttext. Its always on the same position, even when contentrows text is over. How can i repair itp
Negative 325 pIm building my application and when I try to run it on the emulator, I get this error.p  precodeCreation Time   DescriptionResourcePathLocationType 1254339868582   BLDMAKE ERROR Directory S60devicesNokiaN97SDKv1.0epoc32 does not existZeFirstUnknownCC Problem codepre  pThe folder does exist and does have the necessary rights.p  pThe console has the following set of warning messagesp  precodewarning CS60devicesNokiaN97SDKv1.0epoc32toolsGCCEV6.bsf Invalid BSF specification  customization restricted to ARMV5, ABIv2 and valid BSF platforms warning CS60devicesNokiaN97SDKv1.0epoc32toolsGCCEV6T2.bsf Invalid BSF specification  customization restricted to ARMV5, ABIv2 and valid BSF platforms warning CS60devicesNokiaN97SDKv1.0epoc32toolsGCCEV7A.bsf Invalid BSF specification  customization restricted to ARMV5, ABIv2 and valid BSF platforms codepre
Negative 325 pIm writing a custom PowerShell cmdlet, and I would like to know which is the proper way to validate a parameter.br  I thought that this could be done either in the property set accessor or during Cmdlet executionp  precode[CmdletVerbsCommon.Add,X] public class AddX  Cmdlet       private string name      [Parameter         Mandatoryfalse,         HelpMessageThe name of the X]     public string name          get return name         set               Should the parameter be validated in the set accessor             if name.Contains                     call ThrowTerminatingError                          name  value                    protected override void ProcessRecord           or in the ProcessRecord method         if name.Contains                call ThrowTerminatingError                codepre  pWhich is the standard approach Property setter, ProcessRecord or something completely differentp
Negative 325 pI want to have the behavior of RadioButtons, but show them as CheckBoxes to the user.  Is this easy to dop
Negative 325 pI have a coded a program GUI phone book.  It has textfields such as name, address, city,..etc.  I also have three buttons.  Add, clear, quit.  My program is serializable using a thread to write to my disk file every 2 sec. a new address.  How do I code the quit button to quit running and writing to the diskp
Negative 325 pWhat would you use to alter an XMLfile while preserving as much as possible of layout, including indentation and commentsp  pMy problem is that I have a couple of massive handedited XMLfiles describing a user interface, and now I need to translate several attributes to another language.p  pIve tried doing this using Python  ElementTree, but it did not preserve neither whitespace nor comments.p  pIve seen XSLT being suggested for similar questions, but I dont think that is an alternative in this case, since I need to do some logic and lookups for each attribute.p  pIt would be preferable if attribute order in each element is preserved as well, but I can tolerate changed order.p
Negative 325 pLets say I have an array or list of words, something like thisp  precode[The,Quick,Brown,Fox,Jumps,Over,The,Lazy,Dog] codepre  pId like to generate an array of arrays, with each array containing 3 of the words, but with a possible triplet for each one. so it should look something like thisp  precode[The,Quick,Brown] [Quick,Brown,Fox] [Brown,Fox,Jumps] codepre  pand so on.  What would be the best way to get this resultp
Negative 325 pOn a number of machines with Asp.net 1 and 2 we have seen the below error with a random file name with code.dllcode extension produced each time we try to make the web service call.p  pIn the past we have had to reinstall codeasp.netcode and that seems to have fixed it.p  pHowever, on one occasion we tried to get the command prompt and windows came back with a error about low resources. Rebooting the server seemed to have fixed this issue.p  pAny ideas what is causing this error p  pError belowp  precodeSystem.Web.Services.Protocols.SoapException Server was unable to process request. gt System.IO.FileNotFoundException Could not find file cwindowsTempaweww1ss.dll. File name cWindowsTempaweww1ss.dll    at System.IO.Error.WinIOErrorInt32 errorCode, String maybeFullPath    at System.IO.FileStream.InitString path, FileMode mode, FileAccess access, Int32 rights, Boolean useRights, FileShare share, Int32 bufferSize, FileOptions options, SECURITYATTRIBUTES secAttrs, String msgPath, Boolean bFromProxy    at System.IO.FileStream..ctorString path, FileMode mode, FileAccess access, FileShare share    at Microsoft.CSharp.CSharpCodeGenerator.FromFileBatchCompilerParameters options, String[] fileNames    at Microsoft.CSharp.CSharpCodeGenerator.FromSourceBatchCompilerParameters options, String[] sources    at Microsoft.CSharp.CSharpCodeGenerator.System.CodeDom.Compiler.ICodeCompiler.CompileAssemblyFromSourceBatchCompilerParameters options, String[] sources    at System.CodeDom.Compiler.CodeDomProvider.CompileAssemblyFromSourceCompilerParameters options, String[] sources    at System.Xml.Serialization.Compiler.CompileAssembly parent, String ns, XmlSerializerCompilerParameters xmlParameters, Evidence evidence    at System.Xml.Serialization.TempAssembly.GenerateAssemblyXmlMapping[] xmlMappings, Type[] types, String defaultNamespace, Evidence evidence, XmlSerializerCompilerParameters parameters, Assembly assembly, Hashtable assemblies    at System.Xml.Serialization.TempAssembly..ctorXmlMapping[] xmlMappings, Type[] types, String defaultNamespace, String location, Evidence evidence    at System.Xml.Serialization.XmlSerializer.FromMappingsXmlMapping[] mappings, Evidence evidence    at System.Web.Services.Protocols.SoapServerType..ctorType type, WebServiceProtocols protocolsSupported    at System.Web.Services.Protocols.SoapServerProtocol.Initialize    at System.Web.Services.Protocols.ServerProtocol.SetContextTy codepre
Negative 325 pHi im using subsonic 3.0.0.3 activeRecord but cant seems to figure between p  precodeselect  from orders where orderdate between startdate, enddate codepre  phave tried codeIQueryableltordersgt myOrders  order.All.Wherex gt x.orderdate.isBetweenAndcodep  phelp much appreciated, please make note of version number, and that any answers actually work for that version and activeRecord.p  pthanksp
Negative 325 pI dont think the, System.Collections.ObjectModel has any sort or order by capability. p  pI have a list of files and Id like to sort by the file date.p  precodeDim list AS System.Collections.ObjectModel.ReadOnlyCollectionOf String list  My.Computer.FileSystem.GetFilesCSearchFolder       , FileIO.SearchOption.SearchByTopLevelOnly      , TheFileName.txt  Dim sTheLastFile AS String  sTheLastFile  list.Max codepre  pThis returns the last file, but based on file name and not date. I think I need to add  .OrderBy...   just cant get that part.p
Negative 325 pIve created SEAM component which checks that at least one user with global admin rights exists and creates one if no.p  precodeNameinstaller Stateless public class InstallerBean implements Installer, Serializable    Observerorg.jboss.seam.postInitialization    public void install        ...         public boolean isInstalled        ...      codepre  pNow I need to test that installer works correctly. I need to check that isInstalled returns true and check that correct users and roles are exists in the database. However SeamTest.ComponentTest.testComponents is running before my installation compleate. I can see in the log that last messages from my installer appears in the middle of second test execution so my tests randomly fails.p  pIm trying to test my installer in the following wayp  precodepublic class InstallerTests extends SeamTest      Test     public void isInstalledTest          new ComponentTest              Override             protected void testComponents                 ...                                 ...  codepre  pHow can I make my test starting after my installation compleatedp  pIm new to SEAM so maybe Im doing all compleately wrong. Please tell me if there is a better way.p
Negative 325 pWhats the easiest way to draw a hex grid algorithmically  How should I present them in datap  pFor example, in a square grid, I could just save xy coordinates..p
Negative 325 pWhen you define a new codestructcode is better to define also an interface to that typebr i.e. setter and getter functions or to access members directly via code.code and codegtcode operatorsp  pstrongEDITstrongbr Plain C programmingp
Negative 325 pI implemented MySQL fulltext search and worked perfect.br Now the client wants that partial matches be found by the search, for example the term base should match database.br I know the whole idea of fulltext search is based on word delimiters, and searching for full words.br I know I most likely will have to use an undesirable codeLIKE termcode which will ruin the sweetness and performance of the fulltext search.br So, is there any hopebr Thanks in advance.  p  pPS Im user a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comusers151053petruzahttpstackoverflow.comusers151053petruzaa, I had openID authentication on my own site, but my host went down recently, so I cant log in through it, so Im using this kind of alias.p
Negative 325 pWhat is a better platformlanguage for developing Windowsdesktop based application that can run offline sometimes .NET C, ASP or Java or any other development tool This application requires to store data into a databaseinvolves some GIS and later Synch both ways with the main server SQLOracle during off hours or when initiated by a user or event or when online ALso the toolIDE recommended should allow us in the future to migrate this desktop application as a Web based application to the corporate server with less pain or rework when internetnw access is available to all of our remote sitesusers. Any inputadvice is appreciated.p
Negative 325 pI am a newbie. please excuse me if it is a very basic question.  I am hiding and showing CSS on window.print. on IE8 and FF The page execution stops until i respond on print  either print or cancel and then it starts again and completes the page load.  But on IE6 and IE7 the page load is not waiting until i respond on print dialog box. How can I pause Page execution until I respond  either print or cancel on the print dialog box I do not want to use settimeout since it is for a specific time. If i choose to print immediately the page will not load untill settimeout expires and vice versa. Please help.p
Negative 325 pI saw other questions referring to xpath 2.0, which apparently simplifies string expressions. Im using Firefox 3.5.5 and selenium 1.0.1.p  ul liHow can I check if my versions of Firefox and Selenium support itli liDoes Selenium defer to Firefoxs builtin Xpath implementationli liIn that case, if I start using another perhaps older browser with selenium, will I run into problems by expecting xpath 2.0li ul
Negative 325 pI know that, given enough context, one could hope to use constructively i.e. recover from a emsegfaultem condition.p  pBut, is the effort worth it  If yes, in what situations p
Negative 325 pI have an ASP.NET application that uses Oracle for persistence and queries it via ADO.NET and stored procedures.p  pI have the full version of TOAD and administrative rights to the database.p  pIs there any way to view all queries issued by the application over the last 10 minutesp
Negative 325 pI am going to use a hrefhttpsgithub.comdefunktfacebox relnofollowFaceboxa in my page, and am loading following pluginsp  precodeltscript typetextjavascript srcfacebox.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languagejavascript srcjquerymin.jsgtltscriptgt ltlink typetextcss hreffacebox.css relstylesheet gt codepre  pI have two div elements. I want to show one div in the facebox after an onclick event, and Im using this command after the onclick eventp  precodejQuerydialogform.facebox codepre  pcodedialogformcode is the div id to show in the Facebox, but its showing the two divs in the page and Facebox is not appearing. How can I achieve thisp
Negative 325 pThis Nant task controlled by CruiseControl is failing to copy files to a share on another server.p  precodelttarget nameDeployToTargetDirectory descriptionCopies files to target deploy folder this may not be the final virtual directorygt ltif testnot directoryexistsAppDeploymentFoldergt   ltfail messageDeployment folder not found AppDeploymentFoldergt ltifgt  ltDelete existing files in deployment foldergt ltecho messageClearing down existing files and folder in deployment folder AppDeploymentFoldergt ltdeletegt   ltfileset basedirAppDeploymentFoldergt     ltinclude namegt   ltfilesetgt ltdeletegt  ltCopy all files  folders to the deployment foldergt ltecho messageCopying configured site to AppDeploymentFoldergt ltcopy todirAppDeploymentFoldergt   ltfileset basedirStagingFoldergt     ltinclude namegt   ltfilesetgt ltcopygt codepre  pp  pI get errorp  pFailed to create directory xxxx.    Access to the path xxxx is denied.p  pI think its a permissions issue, but I cant tell which account Nant is running under.p  pAny way I can find this outp  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pIm running code that seems to hit the AppendHeader twice in the code. p  precodeResponse.Filter  New DeflateStreamResponse.Filter, CompressionMode.Compress, True Response.AppendHeaderContentencoding, deflate codepre  p...p  precodeResponse.AppendHeaderContentencoding, deflate codepre  pI have tried using the following....p  precodeResponse.HeadersContentencoding  deflate codepre  pBut it says p  precodeThis operation requires IIS integrated pipeline mode. codepre  pHow do I check for a headers existence, and overwrite it rather than appending it.p
Negative 325 pIve build 2 contact forms quote.php and contact.php, validated with jquery and submitted with to separate ajaxcontact.php and ajaxquote.php files. Theyve both been built on the same template Ive used on other sites, but for some reason the ajaxcontact.php is returning this errorp  precodeWarning mail [function.mail] SMTP server response 451 See httppobox.comdjbdocssmtplf.html. in DHosting5219056htmlajaxcontact.php on line 41 codepre  pIm getting the autoresponder email, but not the email that actually contains the data submitted in the form.p  pIm literally at my wits end with this. Been trying to fix it all day with rn and n, which I thought would fix it according to the error, but am still in the same boat.p  pHere is ajaxcontact.phpp  precode    ltphp           where is your config file stored include ajaxSubmit.php       CLIENT INFORMATION  Firstname 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[Firstname] Lastname 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[Lastname] email 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[email] Business 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[Business] Address 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[Address] City 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[City] State 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[State] Zip 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[Zip] Phone 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[Phone] Fax 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[Fax] Comments 3D HTTPPOSTVARS[Comments]    MODIFY THE FOLLOWING SECTION   your name recipientname 3D Company   your email recipientemail 3D meemail.com   subject of the email sent to you subject 3D Feedback for recipientname   send an autoresponse to the user autoresponse 3D yes   subject of autoresponse autosubject 3D Thank you for your mail   autoresponse message automessage 3D Thanks for the message.   thankyou displayed after the user clicks submit thanks 3D Thank you for contacting us. We will get back to you as soon  as possible.   END OF NECESSARY MODIFICATIONS   format message message 3D OnlineForm Response for recipientname ltbrgt Firstname Firstname ltbrgt Lastname Lastname ltbrgt Email email ltbrgt Business Business ltbrgt Address Address ltbrgt City City ltbrgt State State ltbrgt Zip Zip ltbrgt Phone Phone ltbrgt Fax Fax ltbrgt Comments Comments ltbrgt    To send HTML mail, the Contenttype header must be set headers  3D MIMEVersion 1.0 . rn headers .3D Contenttype texthtml charset3Diso88591 . rn   Additional headers headers .3D From Company ltinfocompany.comgt .  rn headers .3D Bcc adminemail.com . rn   send mail and print success message mailrecipientemail, subject, message, headers      echo ltscript language3DJavaScript type3DtextJavaScriptgt windo w.location.href 3D thanksfeedback.phpltscriptgt   codepre  pHere is ajaxquote.php, which is the same thing, just for a different formp  precode    ltphp          where is your config file stored include ajaxSubmit.php       CLIENT INFORMATION  Contactname  HTTPPOSTVARS[Contactname] email  HTTPPOSTVARS[email] Contacttitle  HTTPPOSTVARS[Contacttitle] Business  HTTPPOSTVARS[Business] Address  HTTPPOSTVARS[Address] State  HTTPPOSTVARS[State] Zip  HTTPPOSTVARS[Zip] Phone  HTTPPOSTVARS[Phone] Fax  HTTPPOSTVARS[Fax] productdesc  HTTPPOSTVARS[productdesc] sku  HTTPPOSTVARS[sku] annualturns  HTTPPOSTVARS[annualturns] seasonal  HTTPPOSTVARS[seasonal] minmaxpallet  HTTPPOSTVARS[minmaxpallet] avgpalletval  HTTPPOSTVARS[avgpalletval] avgpalletwt  HTTPPOSTVARS[avgpalletwt] maxpalletht  HTTPPOSTVARS[maxpalletht] casesperpallet  HTTPPOSTVARS[casesperpallet] unitweight  HTTPPOSTVARS[unitweight] reqlotnumctrl  HTTPPOSTVARS[reqlotnumctrl] freightclass  HTTPPOSTVARS[freightclass] hazardclass  HTTPPOSTVARS[hazardclass] barcodes  HTTPPOSTVARS[barcodes] avgupsfedex  HTTPPOSTVARS[avgupsfedex] avgorderweight  HTTPPOSTVARS[avgorderweight] ordersending  HTTPPOSTVARS[ordersending] custpickups  HTTPPOSTVARS[custpickups] flatfiles  HTTPPOSTVARS[flatfiles] shrinkwrap  HTTPPOSTVARS[shrinkwrap] repack  HTTPPOSTVARS[repack] specialreq  HTTPPOSTVARS[specialreq]  browser  HTTPUSERAGENT ip  REMOTEADDR   MODIFY THE FOLLOWING SECTION   your name recipientname  Company   your email recipientemail  meemail.com   subject of the email sent to you subject  Quote Request for recipientname   send an autoresponse to the user autoresponse  yes   subject of autoresponse autosubject  Thank you for your mail   autoresponse message automessage  Thanks for the message. Weve successfully received your quote request and will get back to you shortly.   thankyou displayed after the user clicks submit thanks  Thank you for contacting us. We will get back to you as soon as possible.   END OF NECESSARY MODIFICATIONS   format message message  OnlineForm Response for recipientname ltbrgt Contact Name Contactname ltbrgt Business Business ltbrgt Email email ltbrgt Address Address ltbrgt State State ltbrgt Zip Zip ltbrgt Phone Phone ltbrgt Fax Fax ltbrgt  ltbrgt Describe your products productdesc ltbrgt How many SKUs items sku ltbrgt How many turns per year annualturns ltbrgt Are your products seasonal seasonal ltbrgt Indicate minimum and Maximum pallet levels minmaxpallet ltbrgt Average value per pallet avgpalletval ltbrgt Weight of a typical pallet avgpalletwt ltbrgt Maximum pallet stacking height maxpalletht ltbrgt Cases per pallet Or average case size casesperpallet ltbrgt Weight of each unit unitweight ltbrgt Do you require lot number control reqlotnumctrl ltbrgt What freight class freightclass ltbrgt Is the product hazardous If so, what classifications hazardclass ltbrgt  ltbrgt Do you need custom Barcodes made barcodes ltbrgt What is the average number of orders shipped via UPSFedex avgupsfedex ltbrgt What is the average order size in weight avgorderweight ltbrgt What is the average number of lines per order avgorderlines ltbrgt Will your orders be sent via Email, FAX, or other ordersending ltbrgt Will you have customer pick ups, and how often custpickups ltbrgt Can your company email us flat files flatfiles ltbrgt Do your orders need to be shrink wrapped shrinkwrap ltbrgt Do you need repackaging repack ltbrgt Are there any special requirements that your company may have specialreq ltbrgt  ltbrgt Browser browser ltbrgt User IP ip   To send HTML mail, the Contenttype header must be set headers   MIMEVersion 1.0 . rn headers . Contenttype texthtml charsetiso88591 . rn   Additional headers headers . From Company ltinfocompany.comgt . rn headers . Bcc adminemail.com . rn   send mail and print success message mailrecipientemail, subject, message, headers  ifautoresponse  yes  autosubject  stripslashesautosubject automessage  stripslashesautomessage mailemail,autosubject,automessage,From recipientname ltrecipientemailgt       echo ltscript languageJavaScript typetextJavaScriptgt window.location.href  thanksquote.phpltscriptgt   codepre  pHere is ajaxSubmit.php, which doesnt do muchp  precode    ltphp   VALIDATE HOW YOU NEED TO VALIDATE  requireoncerecaptchalib.php privatekey   resp  recaptchacheckanswer privatekey,                                 SERVER[REMOTEADDR],                                 POST[recaptchachallengefield],                                 POST[recaptcharesponsefield]  if respgtisvalid    die The reCAPTCHA wasnt entered correctly. Go back and try it again. .        reCAPTCHA said  . respgterror .    isValidate  true   RETURN TRUE FROM VALIDATING, NO ERROR DETECTED  RETTURN ARRAY FROM YOUR VALIDATION      THIS NEED TO BE IN YOUR FILE NO MATTERS WHAT  ifisValidate  true     echo  else     echo jsonValidateReturn.jsonencodearrayError.      RETURN ARRAY WITH ERROR   codepre  pEDIT I looked into it a bit more, and it turns out the GoDaddy windows hostingNOT my choice doesnt allow the PHP mail function. So I either find a workaround that workslooks like theres a few out there, not many that seem to work, or I get them to switch to Linux hostingwhich might fix it.p
Negative 325 pIm calling command line programs connected by pipes. All this works on Linux for sure.p  pMy methodp  precodeprotected String execCommandString command throws IOException      String line  null     if command.length gt 0          Process child  Runtime.getRuntime.execcommand         InputStream lsOut  child.getInputStream         InputStreamReader r  new InputStreamReaderlsOut         BufferedReader in  new BufferedReaderr          String readline  null         while readline  in.readLine  null              line  line  readline                    return line  codepre  pIf Im calling some strongcat file  grep asdstrong, Im getting the expected result. But not all commands works correctly. For example with thisp  precodecat proccpuinfo  wc l codepre  por thisp  precodecat proccpuinfo  grep model name  head n 1  awk F print substr2, 2, length2 codepre  pthe method will return null. Im guessing this problem depends on output formatting commands like strongheadstrong, strongtailstrong, strongwcstrong, etc. How I can work around this problem and get the final result of the outputp
Negative 325 pTo see what memory map regions a running program contains, I write a simple C program to read data from procselfmapsp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltsysstat.hgt include ltunistd.hgt include ltfcntl.hgt  int main      char buf[1024]     int fd     ssizet n      fd  openprocselfmaps, ORDONLY     if fd lt 0          perror          while n  readfd, buf, 1000 gt 0          buf[n]  0         printfs, buf          closefd      return 0  codepre  pThe output of the program looks like this labeledp  precode1. 0804800008049000 rxp 00000000 0801 2323014    tmpa.out 2. 080490000804a000 rwp 00000000 0801 2323014    tmpa.out 3. b7f69000b7f6a000 rwp b7f69000 0000 0 4. b7f6a000b80c6000 rxp 00000000 0801 1826975    libtlsi686cmovlibc2.9.so 5. b80c6000b80c7000 p 0015c000 0801 1826975    libtlsi686cmovlibc2.9.so 6. b80c7000b80c9000 rp 0015c000 0801 1826975    libtlsi686cmovlibc2.9.so 7. b80c9000b80ca000 rwp 0015e000 0801 1826975    libtlsi686cmovlibc2.9.so 8. b80ca000b80cd000 rwp b80ca000 0000 0 9. b80dd000b80df000 rwp b80dd000 0000 0 10.b80df000b80e0000 rxp b80df000 0000 0          [vdso] 11.b80e0000b80fc000 rxp 00000000 0801 1826830    libld2.9.so 12.b80fc000b80fd000 rp 0001b000 0801 1826830    libld2.9.so 13.b80fd000b80fe000 rwp 0001c000 0801 1826830    libld2.9.so 14.bfee9000bfefe000 rwp bffeb000 0000 0          [stack] codepre  pAs we can infer from the execution bit and writable bit, the first two lines are associated with the code and data segments of the program respectively.p  pBut what confuses me is that of libc.so, there are for regions which are mapped from libc.so. One of them even only has private bit, it cannot be written, read, or executed.  And another interesting thing is that ld.so has only three segments. Comparing to libc.sos segments, the one with only private bit on is missing.p  pSo Id like to know what are the four segments do actually  Im using Ubuntu SMP with kernel 2.6.28, gcc 3.4.6, and binutils 2.19.p
Negative 325 pI am getting an XAMLParseException that is really covering up another exception. Here is part of the stacktracebr codeMessageObject reference not set to an instance of an object.br             SourceAssignmentOrganizerbr             StackTracebr                  at AssignmentOrganizer.MainWindow..ctor in   CUsersMohitDocumentsVisual Studio 2010  ProjectsAssignmentOrganizerAssignmentOrganizerMainWindow.xaml.csline 29codebr Here is line 29  p  precodelvwMain.ItemsSource  assignmentRepo.ListAssignments codepre  pWhere lvwMain is a ListView and assignmentsRepo is an IAssignmentRepository declared likep  precodeIAssignmentRepository assignmentRepo  codepre  pThat is where the error occurs. I am using the repository pattern Anyone willing to take a guessbr Here is my XAML  p  precodeltWindow xClassAssignmentOrganizer.MainWindow     xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation     xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml     xmlnstoolkithttpschemas.microsoft.comwpf2008toolkit     TitleMainWindow Height518 Width755gt ltDockPanelgt     ltMenu DockPanel.DockTopgt      ltMenugt     ltToolBar DockPanel.DockTopgt      ltToolBargt     ltStatusBar DockPanel.DockBottomgt      ltStatusBargt     ltGrid DockPanel.DockLeft Width150gt         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt             ltRowDefinition Height259 gt             ltRowDefinition Height259 gt         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt     ltGridgt     ltGrid DockPanel.DockRight Width150gt      ltGridgt     ltGridgt         ltListView xNamelvwMaingt             ltListView.Viewgt                 ltGridViewgt                     ltGridViewColumn HeaderTitle  Width125 gt                     ltGridViewColumn HeaderDue  Width75 gt                 ltGridViewgt             ltListView.Viewgt         ltListViewgt     ltGridgt ltDockPanelgt codepre  pp
Negative 325 pSo I a few strongbadgesstrong strongMovieClipsstrongp  pimg srchttpi.imgur.comRI7bg.png altalt textp  pThe main idea is to generate a collection of badges with random numbers associated to them.p  hr  pstrongThis is what I did up to nowstrongp  pI created two different strongMovieClipstrong badges, and exported them for ActionScript as strongBadgestrong and strongBadgeHoverstrongp  pWithin the strongBadgeHoverstrong the label has been transformed into a class with instance name strongscorestrong.p  hr  hr  ul lipemstrongHow do I access this label and change the displayed scoreemstrong p  blockquote   pDo I need to remove and add a new label every timep blockquoteli lipemstrongWhat is the best way to add hover effectsemstrong p  blockquote   pWhat I have is kind of inefficient, I am destroying and recreating the BadgeHover whenever the mouse hovers the Badge class.p blockquoteli ul  hr  pHelp would be very much appreciated Thanks. p
Negative 325 pin my code i have done something like this.p  precode .getHomeModuleSubmit,                  moduleName ModName,                     moduleParameters moduleParameters                 ,     functionresult             target.htmlresult      codepre  pwhen i put alert in the functionresult .. it shows html perfectlyboth in alert and at the targeton the .aspx page BUT when i remove the alert.. on the page the html dont appear or appear randomly this method is called multiple times p  pi think that the result comes to function asynchronously thats why it is not bind with the respective div however in the last iteration it gets bind every time. p  pcan we make process stop  until data gets bind or is there any functionality like alert which can make data bind.. without disturbing UI unlike alertp
Negative 325 pAt my shop we are used to store connections strings in the .config file. But when we had to update it in several applications in the same machine someone gave the idea of storing it on the windows registry. p  pIs this a good idea What are the implications securityp
Negative 325 pI have a running dynamic web project in Eclipse Java EE  Maven  Spring. I am at the point where I need to integrate a persistence layer and want to use Hibernate with a MySql database.p  pI am wondering what plugins would be useful for me at this point  For Hibernate should I install codehibernate toolscode or is it not necessary  Are then any plugins that are most widely use for connecting  exploring database connections that would be appropriate for the type of project I am working on  Thanks.p
Negative 325 pA simple question p  pI need to add some logging to my program.p  pIf two processes use fwrite on the same file but not the same file descriptor will the written log messages be atomic or mixed. Is there a length limitp  pIs it defined ANSIC behaviour or implementation defined  If the later what is on MacOSX, Linux and Windows MSVCp
Negative 325 pI have a game consisting of ships that fly around on a 2d grid. I am writing a function that takes a location, and figures out if the predefined target can be hit from there. This simply requires checking all the grid squares in the potential aggressors line of fire.p  pIn most cases, this is a cross, formed like sop  precodecurrX  SHOTRANGE, currY and currX, currY  SHOTRANGE codepre  pWhere codeSHOTRANGEcode is the maximum distance a shot can travel, and the firing ship is currently located at codecurrX, currYcode.p  pThe code to check these two lines is fairly straightforwardp  precode        for int i  x  SHOTRANGE i lt x  SHOTRANGE i              if target.TileX  i ampamp target.TileY  y                  return true                                for int j  y  SHOTRANGE j lt y  SHOTRANGE j              if target.TileX  x ampamp target.TileY  j                  return true                       codepre  pHowever, on certain power tiles the ship can also fire diagonally. All these squares must be checked, too. This is where the repetition comes in. Can you see a way to do this with less codep  precode     ltparam namexgtCurrent xcoord of the potential shipltparamgt      ltparam nameygtCurrent ycoord of the potential shipltparamgt             private bool CanShootTargetFromint x, int y           if target.TileX  x ampamp Math.Abstarget.TileY  y lt SHOTRANGE  target.TileY  y ampamp Math.Abstarget.TileX  x lt SHOTRANGE              return true                   if board.IsPowerTileAtx, y              int i  x  SHOTRANGE             int j  y  SHOTRANGE             while i  x  SHOTRANGE ampamp j  y  SHOTRANGE                  if target.TileX  i ampamp target.TileY  j                      return true                                  i                 j                          i  x  SHOTRANGE             j  y  SHOTRANGE             while i  x  SHOTRANGE ampamp j  y  SHOTRANGE                  if target.TileX  i ampamp target.TileY  j                      return true                                  i                 j                                return false      codepre  pstrongUPDATEDstrong to use Carras suggestion, and I realized I could eliminate two of the loops checking diagonals by increasing the upper bounds.p
Negative 325 pI have the following mappingsp  precodepublic class SecurityMap  ClassMapltSecuritygt              public SecurityMap                      TableSecurity             CompositeId.KeyPropertyk gt k.Id, SecurityId.KeyPropertyk gt k.EndDate             Mapx gt x.LastUpdateUser             Referencesx gt x.Company.ColumnsCompanyId, EndDate             Referencesx gt x.PrimaryListing.ColumnsPrimaryListingId, EndDate                 public class ListingMap  ClassMapltListinggt              public ListingMap                      TableListing             CompositeId.KeyPropertyk gt k.Id, ListingID.KeyPropertyk gt k.EndDate             Referencesx gt x.Security.ColumnsSecurityId,EndDate                 public class CompanyMap  ClassMapltCompanygt              public CompanyMap                      TableCompany             CompositeId.KeyPropertyk gt k.Id, CompanyID.KeyPropertyk gt k.EndDate             HasManyx gt x.Securities.KeyColumns.AddCompanyId, EndDate                      codepre  pWhen I attempt to run this testp  precode[Test] public void canupdateasecurity      var repo  IoC.ResolveltISecurityRepositorygt     int someSecurity  1     using var work  IoC.ResolveltIUnitOfWorkManagergt.Current              Security security  repo.GetsomeSecurity         security.ShouldNotBeNull         security.LastUpdateUser  Dirk Diggler  DateTime.Now.Ticks         repo.Savesecurity         work.Commit       codepre  pI get the following error deep in the bowels of NHibernatep  blockquote   pExecute       System.IndexOutOfRangeException Invalid index 6 for this   SqlParameterCollection with Count6.       at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlParameterCollection.RangeCheckInt32   index       at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlParameterCollection.GetParameterInt32   index       at System.Data.Common.DbParameterCollection.System.Collections.IList.getItemInt32   index       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateTypeDateTimeType.cs65,0   at   NHibernate.Type.DateTimeType.SetIDbCommand   st, Object value, Int32 index       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateTypeNullableType.cs180,0   at   NHibernate.Type.NullableType.NullSafeSetIDbCommand   cmd, Object value, Int32 index       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateTypeNullableType.cs139,0   at   NHibernate.Type.NullableType.NullSafeSetIDbCommand   st, Object value, Int32 index,   ISessionImplementor session       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateTypeComponentType.cs213,0   at   NHibernate.Type.ComponentType.NullSafeSetIDbCommand   st, Object value, Int32 begin,   ISessionImplementor session       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernatePersisterEntityAbstractEntityPersister.cs2393,0   at   NHibernate.Persister.Entity.AbstractEntityPersister.DehydrateObject   id, Object[] fields, Object rowId,   Boolean[] includeProperty, Boolean[][]   includeColumns, Int32 table,   IDbCommand statement,   ISessionImplementor session, Int32   index       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernatePersisterEntityAbstractEntityPersister.cs2754,0   at   NHibernate.Persister.Entity.AbstractEntityPersister.UpdateObject   id, Object[] fields, Object[]   oldFields, Object rowId, Boolean[]   includeProperty, Int32 j, Object   oldVersion, Object obj, SqlCommandInfo   sql, ISessionImplementor session       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernatePersisterEntityAbstractEntityPersister.cs2666,0   at   NHibernate.Persister.Entity.AbstractEntityPersister.UpdateOrInsertObject   id, Object[] fields, Object[]   oldFields, Object rowId, Boolean[]   includeProperty, Int32 j, Object   oldVersion, Object obj, SqlCommandInfo   sql, ISessionImplementor session       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernatePersisterEntityAbstractEntityPersister.cs2940,0   at   NHibernate.Persister.Entity.AbstractEntityPersister.UpdateObject   id, Object[] fields, Int32[]   dirtyFields, Boolean   hasDirtyCollection, Object[]   oldFields, Object oldVersion, Object   obj, Object rowId, ISessionImplementor   session       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateActionEntityUpdateAction.cs78,0   at   NHibernate.Action.EntityUpdateAction.Execute       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateEngineActionQueue.cs130,0   at   NHibernate.Engine.ActionQueue.ExecuteIExecutable   executable       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateEngineActionQueue.cs113,0   at   NHibernate.Engine.ActionQueue.ExecuteActionsIList   list       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateEngineActionQueue.cs147,0   at   NHibernate.Engine.ActionQueue.ExecuteActions       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateEventDefaultAbstractFlushingEventListener.cs241,0   at   NHibernate.Event.Default.AbstractFlushingEventListener.PerformExecutionsIEventSource   session       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateEventDefaultDefaultFlushEventListener.cs19,0   at   NHibernate.Event.Default.DefaultFlushEventListener.OnFlushFlushEvent   event       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateImplSessionImpl.cs1478,0   at NHibernate.Impl.SessionImpl.Flush       sNHibernateNHibernatesrcNHibernateTransactionAdoTransaction.cs187,0   at   NHibernate.Transaction.AdoTransaction.Commit       at lambdamethodExecutionScope , ITransaction p blockquote  pNow the interesting thing is if I comment out the reference to Company or PrimaryListing in the SecurityMap, I dont get the error. It doesnt seem to matter which I comment out. The error only happens when I have both.p  pWhen the update actually goes through NHProf shows me this updatep  precodeUPDATE Security SET    LastUpdateUser  20100219T080924.00  p0 ,        CompanyId  54199  p1 ,        EndDate  99991231T000000.00  p2  WHERE  SecurityId  1  p3         AND EndDate  99991231T000000.00  p4  codepre  pI am not sure why it is updating CompanyId and EndDate, but I suspect it is related.p  pAny one have ideas Work arounds would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 325 pIm building a page where I want to use Galleria script httpdevkick.comlabgalleria and a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiJQuery relnofollowjQueryas Accordion widget to hide away different categories of gallerys thumbnails. In my initialization I wrote as suggested by both scripts manualsp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt         jQueryfunction           ul.gallery.galleria          insert image                    thumbs.accordion           ltscriptgt codepre  pThe codegalleriacode function creates thumbnails and assigns proper sizes to them. Then, the codeaccordioncode function assigns its styles and collapses the currently invisible elements. With the code above I have a problem with some thumbnail images becoming invisible due to having zero dimensions.p  pIf I put alerts before the thumbnails are assigned their sizes in codegalleriacode function, I can see that for images that are inside accordions invisible pages, their container has zero dimensions at that point. That is very strange to me because I thought that these functions execute consecutively and codeaccordioncode is not called before codegalleriacode has finished.p  pWhats more strange, if I put an alert before the accordion function, then everything is processed in correct order.p  pIts obvious that Im facing a race condition here. Why does it happen and what should I do to guarantee an orderly initialization sequencep
Negative 325 pI am looking for some good jQuery, XHTML amp CSS code to achieve the effect as seen in the following imagep  pa hrefhttpi48.tinypic.coma3o4sn.jpg relnofollowhttpi48.tinypic.coma3o4sn.jpgap  pObviously this is a static image, what is supposed to happen is the text and the transparent background is hidden, and when you put your mouse over the image it slides up into view and down again onmouseout.p  pI think this is an accordion, can anyone point me in the right direction or maybe youve seen another site that does thisp
Negative 325 pIm reading the Cormen algorithms book binary search tree chapter and it says that there are two ways to traverse the tree without recursionp  blockquote   pusing stack and   a more complicated but elegant   solution that uses no stack but   assumes that two pointers can be   tested for equalityp blockquote  pIve implemented the first option using stack, but dont know how to implement the latter. This is not a homework, just reading to educate myself.p  pAny clues as to how to implement the second one in Cp
Negative 325 pIm developing an application using MS Visual C 2008 Express that uses the ClickOnce deployment functionality. I publish the application to a a server where users can download it.p  pUpon running the application, it throws a file not found exception  it cannot find the XML file that the application pulls data from Instructions.xml. p  pWhen I go to the server and into the Application Files folder, I see .deploy files. One of them is for Instructions.xml.deploy.p  pAny ideas on why Instructions.xml is not being included in the users download p  pOf course, if I manually copy Instructions.xml to my personal copy of the program, the program works fine. But the publishing process is supposed to via Instructions.xml.deploy copy  deploy this file automatically.  p
Negative 325 pSample codep  precodepublic class Service1      public int Service1              ....        public class Service2      public int Service2              ...         var service1  new Service1         var count  service1.Service1         ...       codepre  pBoth classes and methods are exposed thru WCF.p
Negative 325 pAre there any community MSBuild tasks for Perforce e.g. even just basic syncingp  pNeither the MSBuild Community tasks or MSBuildExtenstion pack seem to have any.p
Negative 325 pIt might sound silly, but I need this functionality. p  pstrongCan I somehow cancel location.href  url in javascript once it is executedstrongp  pfor example on click of button i am changing current page with some resource intensive page, I want to give an option to user so that one can cancel it if next page is going to take long time to load.p  pThanks and Regardsp
Negative 325 pEven I used break and exit statements many times, I am bit confused between them. I need to know exact meaning of both, when we should use them. Please explain with small example. Thank you.p
Negative 325 pWe are working on a project to learn how to write a kernel and learn the ins and outs. We have a bootstrap loader written and it appears to work. However we are having a problem with the kernel loading. Ill start with the first partp  pbootloader.asm  p  precode    [BITS 16]     [ORG 0x0000]      all the stuff in between      the bottom of the bootstrap loader       datasector  dw 0x0000      cluster     dw 0x0000      ImageName   db KERNEL  SYS      msgLoading  db 0x0D, 0x0A, Loading Kernel Shell, 0x0D, 0x0A, 0x00      msgCRLF     db 0x0D, 0x0A, 0x00      msgProgress db ., 0x00      msgFailure  db 0x0D, 0x0A, ERROR  Press key to reboot, 0x00       TIMES 510 DB 0      DW 0xAA55        codepre  pThe bootloader.asm is too long for the editor without causing it to chug and choke. In addition, the bootloader and kernel do work within embochsem as we do get the message Welcome to our OS. Anyway, the following is what we have for a kernel at this point.p  pkernel.asm  p  precode[BITS 16] [ORG 0x0000]  [SEGMENT .text]          code segment     mov     ax, 0x0100           location where kernel is loaded     mov     ds, ax     mov     es, ax      cli     mov     ss, ax           stack segment     mov     sp, 0xFFFF           stack pointer at 64k limit     sti      mov     si, strWelcomeMsg        load message     call        dispstr      mov     ah, 0x00     int     0x16                 interrupt await keypress     int     0x19                 interrupt reboot  dispstr     lodsb                        load next character     or      al, al           test for NUL character     jz      .DONE      mov     ah, 0x0E             BIOS teletype     mov     bh, 0x00             display page 0     mov     bl, 0x07             text attribute     int     0x10                 interrupt invoke BIOS      jmp     dispstr  .DONE     ret  [SEGMENT .data]                  initialized data segment     strWelcomeMsg   db  Welcome to our OS,    0x00  [SEGMENT .bss]               uninitialized data segment   codepre  pUsing nasm 2.06rc2 I compile as suchbr codenasm bootloader.asm o bootloader.bin f bincodebr codenasm kernel.asm o kernel.sys f bincodep  pWe write bootloader.bin to the floppy as suchbr codedd ifbootloader.bin bs512 count1 ofdevfd0code  p  pWe write kernel.sys to the floppy as suchbr codecp kernel.sys devfd0code  p  pAs I stated, this works in embochsem. But booting from the floppy we get output like sop  blockquote   pLoading Kernel Shellbr   ...........br   ERROR  Press key to reboot  p blockquote  pOther specifics OpenSUSE 11.2, GNOME desktop, AMD x64 Any other information I may have missed, feel free to ask. I tried to get everything in here that would be needed. If I need to, I can find a way to get the entire bootloader.asm posted somewhere. We are not really interested in using GRUB either for several reasons. This could change, but we want to see this boot successful before we really consider GRUB.p  pstrongEDITstrong The bootstrap loader is suppose to be 512 bytes, written to the boot sector very first sector of the disk. Take my word for it, bootloader emisem 512 bytes compiled. The kernel is suppose to be in the very next sector.p
Negative 325 pExamplep  precodeabsolutefoobar currentfoobazfoo   Magic  relative....bar codepre  pHow do I create the magic hopefully not too complicated code...p
Negative 325 pIm expiriencing some problem with one of my data source services. As it says in HTTP response headers its running on ApacheCoyote1.1. Server gives responses with TransferEncoding chunked, here sample responsep  precodeHTTP1.1 200 OK Server ApacheCoyote1.1 ContentType textxmlcharsetutf8 TransferEncoding chunked Date Tue, 30 Mar 2010 061352 GMT codepre  pAnd problem is when Im requesting server to send gzipped request it often sends not full response. I recieve response, see that last chunk recived, but then after ungzipping I see that response is partial.p  pSo my question is is it common apache issue maybe one of its moddeflate plugins or something Ask questions if you need more info.p  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI was thinking back to my freshman year at college five years ago when I took an exam to placeout of introlevel computer science. There was a question about loop invariants, and I was wondering if loop invariants are really necessary in this case or if the question was simply a bad example... the question was to write an iterative definition for a factorial function, and then to prove that the function was correct.p  pThe code that I provided for the factorial function was as followsp  precodepublic static int factorialint x       if  x lt 0           throw new IllegalArgumentExceptionParameter must be gt 0      else if  x  0           return 1      else          int result  1          for  int i  1 i lt x i               resulti                    return result        codepre  pMy own proof of correctness was a proof by cases, and in each I asserted that it was correct by definition x is undefined for negative values, 0 is 1, and x is 123...x for a positive value of x. The professor wanted me to prove the loop using a loop invariant however, my argument was that it was correct by definition, because the definition of x for a positive integer x is the product of the integers from 1... x, and the forloop in the else clause is simply a literal translation of this definition. Is a loop invariant really needed as a proof of correctness in this case How complicated must a loop be before a loop invariant and proper initialization and termination conditions become necessary for a proof of correctnessp  pAdditionally, I was wondering... how often are such formal proofs used in the industry I have found that about half of my courses are very theoretical and proofheavy and about half are very implementation and codingheavy, without any formal or theoretical material. How much do these overlap in practice If you do use proofs in the industry, when do you apply them always, only if its complicated, rarely, neverp  pbEditbbr  If we, ourselves, are convinced that a piece of code is correct, can convince others informally that it is correct, and there are unit tests in place, to what extent are formal proofs of correctness neededp
Negative 325 pI know that GUI code in Java Swing must be put inside codeSwingUtilities.invokeAndWaitcode or codeSwingUtilities.invokeLatercode. This way threading works fine.p  pSadly, in my situation, the GUI update it that thing which takes much longer than background threads. More specific I update a JTree with about just 400 entries, nesting depth is maximum 4, so should be nothing scary, right But it takes sometimes one second I need to ensure that the user is able to type in a JTextPane without delays. Well, guess what, the slow JTree updates emdoem cause delays for JTextPane during input. It refreshes only as soon as the tree gets updated.p  pI am using Netbeans and know empirically that a Java app emcanem update lots of information without freezing the rest of the UI.p  pHow can it be donep  pemNOTE 1 All those codeDefaultMutableTreeNodecodes are prepared outside the codeinvokeAndWaitcode.embr emNOTE 2 When I replace codeinvokeAndWaitcode with codeinvokeLatercode the tree doesnt get updated.embr emNOTE 3 Fond out that recursive tree expansion takes far the most time.embr emNOTE 4 Im using custom tree cell renderer, will try without and report.embr emNOTE 4a My tree cell renderer uses a map to cache and reuse created codeJTextComponentcodes, depending on tree node as a key.em  p  pemstrongCLUE 1emstrong  Wow strongWithoutstrong setting custom cell renderer its strong10 times fasterstrong. I think, Ill need few good tutorials on writing custom tree cell renderers. Sadly, I strongneedstrong a custom cell renderer.p  pa hrefhttpjava.sun.comdocsbookstutorialuiswingcomponentstree.htmldata relnofollowThis tutorial involving lazy loading might help, Ill work this through.ap
Negative 325 pDoes anyone know how can I edit a subitem on a listView Ive tried using this  p  precodeListView1.SelectedItems[0].SubItems[1].Text  Hello codepre  pBut that doesnt work. I get the error InvalidArgumentValue of 1 is not valid for index. Ive got two columns on the listview, so I figured the index of [1] would be the subitem.  p
Negative 325 pI have a select statement, retrieve about 1000 record I want to modify it to return only some records defined by startIndex and count e.g.  If I said startIndex20 and count20 the result will be  from the 21th record to 40thbr   I try to make it, but it take the same time as if I retrieve the 1000 recordp  pwhat is the best way to do thatp
Negative 325 pI have a project that uses the Enterprise Library 4.1.  When I target .net 4 and compile, I get an error that says I need to add a reference to System.ServiceModel version 3.  My reference is to System.ServiceModel version 4.  How can I tell Visual Studio 2010 to reference a .net3 assembly from a .net3 project  Or, does somebody have a workaround for this issuep  pI am using the RTM version of VS2010p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pPython has the idea of metaclasses that, if I understand correctly, allow you to modify an object of a class at the moment of construction. You are not modifying the class, but instead the object that is to be created then initialized.p  pPython at least as of 3.0 I believe also has the idea of class decorators. Again if I understand correctly, class decorators allow the modifying of the class definition at the moment it is being declared. p  pNow I believe there is an equivalent feature or features to the class decorator in Ruby, but Im currently unaware of something equivalent to metaclasses. Im sure you can easily pump any Ruby object through some functions and do what you will to it, but is there a feature in the language that sets that up like metaclasses dop  pSo again, Does Ruby have something similar to Pythons metaclassesp  pstrongEditstrong I was off on the metaclasses for Python. A metaclass and a class decorator do very similar things it appears. They both modify the class when it is defined but in different manners. Hopefully a Python guru will come in and explain better on these features in Python.p  pBut a class or the parent of a class can implement a codenewcls[,..]code function that does customize the construction of the object before it is initialized with codeinitself[,..]code.p  pstrongEditstrong This question is mostly for discussion and learning about how the two languages compare in these features. Im familiar with Python but not Ruby and was curious. Hopefully anyone else who has the same question about the two languages will find this post helpful and enlightening. p
Negative 325 pemThe actual question at the bottom... first some background infoemp  pIm working on a tool which converts PHP code to Scala. As one of the finishing touches, Im in need of a really good er, somewhat biased benchmark.p  pBy dumb luck my first benchmark attempt was with some code which uses bcmath extensively, which unfortunately is 1000x slower in Java, making the Scala code 22x slower overall than the original PHP.p  pSo Im looking for some meaningful PHP benchmark with the following characteristicsp  ul liThe PHP source needs to be in a single file.li liIt should solve a realworld or scientific problem. No silly looping over empty methods etc.li liI need it to be simple to setup  no databases, hardtofind input files, etc.li liIt needs to be singlethreaded unfortunately most benchmarks in the CLBG are now multithreaded li liSimple text input and output preferred.li liIt should not use features that are slow in Java BigInteger, trigonometric functions, etc.li liIt should not use exoteric or dynamic PHP functions e.g. no eval or variable vars. li liIt should not overrely on builtin libraries, e.g. MD5, crypt, etc  because I want to benchmark the quality of the PHPtoScala conversion, not the quality of the library implementation.li liIt should not be IO bound. A CPUbound memoryhungry algorithm is preferred.li liBasically, intensive OO operations, integer and string manipulation, recursion, etc would be great.li ul  pI have already checked two popular sources, but there is nothing there that meets the criteriap  ul liCLBG a hrefhttpshootout.alioth.debian.org relnofollowhttpshootout.alioth.debian.orga  everything is multithreaded  no good.li liPHP Bench a hrefhttpwww.phpbench.com relnofollowhttpwww.phpbench.coma  microbenchmarks, no realworld  no goodli liPHP.NET RFC Better Benchmarks a hrefhttpwiki.php.netrfcbetterbenchmarks relnofollowhttpwiki.php.netrfcbetterbenchmarksa  some good info here, but ultimately nothing found.li ul  pSo, without further ado, the actual questionp  pstrongIs there an existing opensource body of code that meets the above criteria as a performance benchmarkstrongp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm creating a Wordpress plugin and, being a newbie in the development on this platform, Im stuck on this problem.p  pId like to have posts in the loop filtered by categories, defined by the user through an admin page. I would actually like to be able to modify querypost parameters in the plugin, but the only trick I found is to rerun the querypost with my userdefined criteria, thing that I would like to avoid.p  pAlso, due to the plugin nature, I think it make no sense to modify the themes template.p  pIm sure the solution is evident, but cant find it p
Negative 325 pI make use of NSFetchedResultsController to display a bunch of objects, which are sectioned using dates. On a fresh install, it all works perfectly and the objects are displayed in the table view. However, it seems that when the app is relaunched I get a crash. I specify a cache when initialising the NSFetchedResultsController, and when I dont it works perfectly.p  pHere is how I create my NSFetchedResultsControllerp  precode NSFetchedResultsController results       If we are not nil, stop here     if results  nil         return results       Create the fetch request, entity and sort descriptors     NSFetchRequest fetch  [[NSFetchRequest alloc] init]     NSEntityDescription entity  [NSEntityDescription entityForNameEvent inManagedObjectContextself.managedObjectContext]     NSSortDescriptor descriptor  [[NSSortDescriptor alloc] initWithKeyutcstart ascendingYES]     NSArray descriptors  [[NSArray alloc] initWithObjectsdescriptor, nil]       Set properties on the fetch     [fetch setEntityentity]     [fetch setSortDescriptorsdescriptors]       Create a fresh fetched results controller     NSFetchedResultsController fetched  [[NSFetchedResultsController alloc] initWithFetchRequestfetch managedObjectContextself.managedObjectContext sectionNameKeyPathday cacheNameEvents]     fetched.delegate  self     self.results  fetched       Release objects and return our controller     [fetched release]     [fetch release]     [descriptor release]     [descriptors release]     return results  codepre  pThese are the messages I get when the app crashesp  precodeFATAL ERROR The persistent cache of section information does not match the current configuration.  You have illegally mutated the NSFetchedResultsControllers fetch request, its predicate, or its sort descriptor without either disabling caching or using deleteCacheWithName  Terminating app due to uncaught exception NSInternalInconsistencyException, reason FATAL ERROR The persistent cache of section information does not match the current configuration.  You have illegally mutated the NSFetchedResultsControllers fetch request, its predicate, or its sort descriptor without either disabling caching or using deleteCacheWithName codepre  pI really have no clue as to why its saying that, as I dont believe Im doing anything special that would cause this. The only potential issue is the section header day, which I construct like this when creating a new objectp  precode Set the new format [formatter setDateFormatdd MMMM]   Set the day of the event [event setValue[formatter stringFromDate[event valueForKeyutcstart]] forKeyday] codepre  pLike I mentioned, all of this works fine if there is no cache involved. Any help appreciatedp
Negative 325 pNET 3.5 solution with multiple projects in it.  Is there a way I can create a Global AssemblyInfo.cs in which all the project AssemblyInfo.cs can reference fromp
Negative 325 pThis is the most peculiar thing.p  pIt is from an old in house CMS.p  pWhen I attempt to submit my changes, it prompts to save the file linked in the codeactioncode attribute of the form.p  h1Headersh1  h2Requesth2  precodePOST siteeditarticlesarticlesave.phpid54 HTTP1.1 Host example.com UserAgent Mozilla5.0 Macintosh U Intel Mac OS X 10.6 enUS rv1.9.2.3 Gecko20100401 Firefox3.6.3 Accept texthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8 AcceptLanguage enus,enq0.5 AcceptEncoding gzip,deflate AcceptCharset ISO88591,utf8q0.7,q0.7 KeepAlive 115 Connection keepalive Referer httpexample.com ContentType multipartformdata boundary10102754414578508781458777923 ContentLength 940 10102754414578508781458777923 ContentDisposition formdata nametitle  Home Content 10102754414578508781458777923 ContentDisposition formdata namecatid  18 10102754414578508781458777923 ContentDisposition formdata nameactivecheck  1 10102754414578508781458777923 ContentDisposition formdata nameimage   10102754414578508781458777923 ContentDisposition formdata namecontentWidgToolbarSelectBlock  ltpgt 10102754414578508781458777923 ContentDisposition formdata namecontent  ltpgtEdit your article in this text box.ltpgt 10102754414578508781458777923 ContentDisposition formdata namecontentWidgEditor  true 10102754414578508781458777923 codepre  h2Responseh2  precodeHTTP0.9 200 OK codepre  pAnd then Firefox shows....p  pimg srchttpalexanderdickson.comhostedstackoverflow.comfirefoxpromptsave.png altFirefoxp  pI cant determine from the response headers as to emwhyem this is prompting to opensave. It has always worked. All other PHP files on the site work fine.p  pAnyone have a cluep  pThanksp  h1Updateh1  pApparently, it just emcrashesem Safari.p  pI added an image to the CMS article and for some unbeknown reason, it saved correctly. I can not explain why.p
Negative 325 pI have two models codeUserscode and codeRolescode.  I have setup a many to many relationship between the two models and I have a joint table called coderolesuserscode.p  pI have a form on a page with a list of roles which the user checks a checkbox and it posts to the controller which then updates the coderolesuserscode table.p  pAt the moment in my update method I am doing this because I am not sure of a better wayp  precoderoleids  params[roleids] user.roles.clear roleids.each do role   user.roles ltlt Role.findrole end unless roleids.nil codepre  pSo I am clearing all the entries out then looping threw all the role ids sent from the form via post, I also noticed that if all the checkboxes are checked and the form posted it keeps adding duplicate records, could anyone give some advice on a more efficent way of doing thisp
Negative 325 pBeen trying to add an image before the closing of the anchor tagp  precodeltbodygt     lta hrefhttpwww.test.comgthttpwww.test.comltagt ltbodygt codepre  pIf I usep  precodea.appendltimg srctestimage.png  codepre  pNo image will appear in WebKit Chrome, Safari, etc. Firefox and IE works fine. What am I doing wrong Thanks in advancep
Negative 325 pFew questionsp  ol lipIs it possible to call a controller method in a helper module e.g., application helperpli lipIf so, how does the helper handle the rendering of views  Ignore itpli lipIn what instances would you want to call a controller method from a helper Is it bad practicepli lipDo you have any sample code where youre calling controller methods in helperpli ol
Negative 325 pHas anyone had the experience of moving a file in tortoise and committing successfully, only to later commit a different change and be told of a tree conflict wherep  ol lithe file in its original location has been deleted, but in tortoise is marked as missingli lithe file in its new location is there, but marked as already added.li ol  pI use tortoise SVN, and we have client and server  1.60 p  pNobody else changed either the directory or the file according to svn log.p  ol liWhy is this happeningli liIs there a way to avoid it happeningli liIf it does happen, is there a more elegant way of fixing the problem than by deleting the whole folder and updating againli ol
Negative 325 pIs it not possible to perform two deletes in one query by separating them with a semicolonp  pHere is my queryp  precodequeryDELETE FROM sqltable WHERE EXISTS           SELECT 1     FROM classified     WHERE classified.posterpassword  pass     AND classified.adid  id     AND classified.classifiedid  sqltable.classifiedid      DELETE FROM classified WHERE classified.posterpassword  pass AND classified.adid  id codepre  pThis gives this errorp  pYou have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near DELETE FROM classified WHERE classified.posterpassword  xxxxxxx at line 10p  pPlease help me solve this one, it is starting to give me a headache. I need it in one query...p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pi have a sequence of buttons and each button has its own icon. I was wondering if I have to create a Spark skin file for each button in order to assign its icon.p  pthanksp
Negative 325 pIm trying to change the install path of a dylib after it has been build. I use otool L to check what the current path is. And then I dop  p installnametool change mycurrentpathlibmine.dylib mynewpathlibmine.dylib libmine.dylibp  pI dont get an error, but nothing changes. If I check the path again the old one is still there. Also the new path is a lot shorter then the old one, so no problem there, and I think the lib is even compiled with extra flag for more filepath space.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 325 pIm having the following problemp  ul liIm using Oracle ADF for the view and controller of my app.li liWith OpenSessionInViewFilter, I intercept the request and open an Hibernates Session, and it is closed as soon as the beans method finishes.li ul  pWhat I need is to keep the Session opened until the page is rendered, because in my JSP y use the lazy attributes of the object i load from the DB.p  pFor examplep  pWhen I enter index.jspx the IndexBeanmain is executedp  precodepublic class IndexBean     private DBObject myDBObject     public String main         this.myDBObject  this.myDAO.loadObjectFromDB         return null       codepre  pin index.jspx I havep  precode... ltafinputText valuemyDBObject.lazyAttribute gt ... codepre  pId like that the Hibernates Session keeps open until the afinputText is processed.p  pIs this possible Howp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pHere is my datasetp  precode1 David 2 David 3 Marc 4 Marc 5 Marc 6 Marc 7 Marc 8 Marc 9 Marc 10 Marc 11 Marc 12 Marc 13 Marc 14 Marc 15 Marc codepre  pThis query returns 2 records correctp  precode    query  query.WhereLog gt SqlMethods.Like Log.FormattedMessage, ltkeygtNameltkeygtltvaluegtDavidltvaluegt codepre  pThis query returns 2 records correctp  precode    query  query.WhereLog gt SqlMethods.Like Log.FormattedMessage, ltkeygtNameltkeygtltvaluegtDavidltvaluegt codepre  pThis query returns 0 records correctp  precode    query  query.WhereLog gt SqlMethods.Like Log.FormattedMessage, ltkeygtNameltkeygtltvaluegtavltvaluegt codepre  pThis query returns 2 records correctp  precode    query  query.WhereLog gt SqlMethods.Like Log.FormattedMessage, ltkeygtNameltkeygtltvaluegtavltvaluegt codepre  pThis query returns 0 records correctp  precode    query  query.WhereLog gt SqlMethods.Like Log.FormattedMessage, ltkeygtNameltkeygtltvaluegtvltvaluegt codepre  pThis query returns 15 records incorrect, should return 2p  precode    query  query.WhereLog gt SqlMethods.Like Log.FormattedMessage, ltkeygtNameltkeygtltvaluegtvltvaluegt codepre  pWhat is wrong with the last query Is it a bug or am I missing somethingp
Negative 325 pI have the code below where I am trying to go through the child questions of my codeqestAirescode anonymous type.  When I get to the foreach loop i get the errorp  blockquote   pforeach statement cannot operate on   variables of type Question because   Question does not contain a public   definition for GetEnumeratorp blockquote  pWhat do I need to do differently to get around thisp  precode        var questAires  from qs in dc.Questionnaires                         from q in dc.Questions.Wheret gt t.QuestionnaireId  qs.QuestionnaireID                         from r in dc.Responses.Whereqr gt qr.QuestionID  q.QuestionId.DefaultIfEmpty                         where qs.QuestionnaireID  QuestionnaireId                         select new                                                      qs.Description,                             Questions  q,                             Responses  r                         .Single          foreachvar question in questAires.Questions                    codepre
Negative 325 pHello Is there any way to convert COFF library lib file to OMF library for using with CBuilder6  This coff is not just import library, it conatians some code. When I try to convert it using borlands coff2omf.exe, I get 1KB file from 15KB file.p
Negative 325 pI see that Region.IsVisiblerectangle is not working as I expect.br So, strongis mestrong who expect that should not, strongor is the methodstrong that is doing not that it should p  pI have the following situationp  pimg srchttplh4.ggpht.com1TPOP7DzY1ETCmxn6Tzn2IAAAAAAAADRcGJhbStCvabQs800Capture3.gif altalt text img srchttplh5.ggpht.com1TPOP7DzY1ETCmuVyrgpTIAAAAAAAADRUyLNnjZQDNAs800Capture2.gif altalt textp  pAnd the following codep  precodeprivate void Form1Paintobject sender, PaintEventArgs e      Point[] points1  new Point[]          new Point50, 30,         new Point70, 30,         new Point40, 40,         new Point60, 70,         new Point30, 50           Point[] points2  new Point[]          new Point70, 150,         new Point50, 110 ,         new Point60, 80,         new Point90, 80,         new Point140, 60                           Point[] points3  new Point[]          new Point100, 10,         new Point130, 40           GraphicsPath path1  new GraphicsPath     GraphicsPath path2  new GraphicsPath     GraphicsPath path3  new GraphicsPath      path1.AddLinespoints1     path2.AddLinespoints2     path3.AddLinespoints3      e.Graphics.DrawPathPens.DarkBlue, path1     e.Graphics.DrawPathPens.DarkGreen, path2     e.Graphics.DrawPathPens.DarkOrange, path3      Region r1  new Regionpath1     Region r2  new Regionpath2     Region r3  new Regionpath3       Create the first rectangle and draw it to the screen in blue.     Rectangle blueRect  new Rectangle20, 20, 100, 100     e.Graphics.DrawRectanglePens.Blue, blueRect      bool contained       Display the result.                             ControlPaint.DrawGride.Graphics, this.ClientRectangle,         new Size10, 10, Color.Red      contained  r1.IsVisibleblueRect     e.Graphics.DrawStringPath blue contained    contained.ToString,         Font, myBrush, new PointF20, 160      contained  r2.IsVisibleblueRect     e.Graphics.DrawStringPath green contained    contained.ToString,         Font, Brushes.Black, new PointF20, 180      contained  r3.IsVisibleblueRect     e.Graphics.DrawStringPath orange contained    contained.ToString,         Font, Brushes.Black, new PointF20, 200  codepre  pAlso, a path that is not in the region could be visiblep  precodePoint[] points3  new Point[]    new Point15, 35,   new Point15, 130,   new Point60 ,130  codepre  pEDITbr Even Intersect does not work for the second L pathp  precodePoint[] points3  new Point[]      new Point10, 40,     new Point10, 130,     new Point50 ,130   r3.IntersectblueRect bool contained  r1.IsEmptye.Graphics  e.Graphics.DrawStringPath orange contained    contained.ToString,     Font, Brushes.Black, new PointF20, 200  TRUE instead of desired FALSE codepre
Negative 325 pI am using OLEDB to Update data in .dbf database from c.p  pI get Error System.Data.OleDb.OleDbException Undefined function replace in expression. on ExecuteNonQuery.p  pHow can I make this work with least changes, i need to replace double quotes with single quotes in many files, so i have to automate this process.p  pShould I try ODBC or something else for .dbf databasep  pHelp pleasep  precodestring connString  ProviderMicrosoft.Jet.OLEDB.4.0Data Source  directory Extended PropertiesdBASE III OleDbConnection conn  new OleDbConnectionconnString conn.Open OleDbCommand cmd  conn.CreateCommand cmd.CommandType  System.Data.CommandType.Text cmd.CommandText  update Addres1  set NAMEENU  replaceNAMEENU, a,   b where NAMEENU like a int res  cmd.ExecuteNonQuery codepre
Negative 325 pgcc 4.4.4p  pI have the following Makefilep  precodeOBJECTFILES  brd.o logger.o testbrd.o CFLAGS  m32 ggdb Wall Wextra DREENTRANT DTHREADSAFE O0 DDEBUG   Linker Runtime library path LDFLAGS  Wl,rpathusrNETlib   FLATFORM  DLINUX TARGET  dlg CC  gcc m32  LIBSPATH  LusrNETlib INCPATH  IusrNETinclude  LIBS  lnc lnxx lphread  TARGET OBJECTFILES     CC CFLAGS LDFLAGS OBJECTFILES FLATFORM INCPATH LIBSPATH LIBS o TARGET  testbrd.o testbrd.c brd.c     CC c CFLAGS testbrd.c  brd.o brd.c logger.c     CC c CFLAGS INCPATH brd.c  logger.o logger.c     CC c CFLAGS INCPATH logger.c  clean      rm f TARGET OBJECTFILES codepre  pHowever, the logger.c doesnt need to be built anymore. Is there a way to include it in the project without having to compile it each time. When I clean my project. It will recompile it again, and it is a large file.p  pMany thanks for any suggestions,p
Negative 325 pI was going through cappuccino. I did not find any details about the datamodel layer. The same exists in Sproutcore. Am I missing somethingp
Negative 325 pI want to do a manual GET with cookies in order to download and parse a web page. I need to extract the security token, in order to make a post at the forum. I have completed the login, have read the response and extracted the cookies 3 pairs of name,value . I then wrote the String containing the cookies like thisp  precode CookieStringname1value1 name2value2 name3value3 codepre  pI then do the followingp  precodeHttpURLConnection connection connection  HttpURLConnectionnew URLLink.openConnection connection.setRequestMethodGET connection.setRequestPropertyConnection, KeepAlive connection.setRequestPropertyCookie, CookieString  connection.connect codepre  pI then read the page but it shows that I am not logged at the forum. What am I doing wrongp  pedit I know that I must extract the security token if I want to make a post. My train of thought was that in order to extract it, I need to GET this particular page. But for the security token to be as a hidden field I must be online, thus I needed the cookies. But when I GET the page and I set the cookies as mentioned above i get the page as a guest, it shows that I am not online and the value of security token is guest which is not useful for me. I will check the link you gave  me and hopefully will find a solution.p
Negative 325 pIs there a method for tracking or measuring the cause of bugs which wont result in unintended consequences from development team members  We recently added the ability to assign the cause of a bug in our tracking system.  Examples of causes include bad code, missed code, incomplete requirements, missing requirements, incomplete testing etc.  I was not a proponent of this as I could see it leading to unintended behaviors from the dev team.  To date this field has been hidden from team members and not actively used.p  pNow we are in the middle of a project where we have a larger than normal number of bugs and this type of information would be good to have in order to better understand where we went wrong and where we can make improvements in the future or adjustments now.  In order to get good data on the cause of the bugs we would need to open this field up for input by dev and qa team members and Im worried that will drive bad behaviors.  For example people may not want to fix a defect they didnt create because theyll feel it reflects poorly on their performance, or people might waste time arguing over the classification of a defect for similar reasons.p  pHas anyone found a mechanism to do this type of tracking without driving bad behaviors  Is it possible to expect useful data from team members if we explain to the team the reasoning behind the data not to drive individual performance metrics, but project success metrics  Is there another, better way to do this type of thing a more adhoc post mortem or open discussion on the issues perhapsp
Negative 325 pWhat is a good analogy to understand IoC and DIp
Negative 325 pI have a number of files that were encrypted using EFS on my old Windows XP installation.  I installed Windows 7 and now I cant access these files.  You can read about the whole embarrassing situation a hrefhttpsuperuser.comquestions165015windows7permissiondeniederrorherea.p  pThe good news is that I have keys that will allow the files to be decrypted.  I know this because I used a hrefhttpwww.elcomsoft.comaefsdr.html relnofollowEFS data recoverya and it was able to decrypt a file.  It also identified that I had some usable key files of some sort master key and private key.p  pThe problem here is that Elcom wants 150 for their tool and what I have encrypted is not worth 150.  Is there a way that I can do this myself, programmaticallyp  pEDIT  This link is awesome...a hrefhttpwww.beginningtoseethelight.orgefsrecovery relnofollowEFS recoveryap
Negative 325 pI had a job interview today, we were given a programming question, and were asked to solve it using ccJava, I solved it in java and its runtime was 3 sec the test was more 16000 lines, and the person accompanying us said the running time was reasonable, another person there solved it in c and the runtime was 0.25 sec, so I was wondering, is a factor of 12 normalp  pEdit As I said, I dont think there was really much room for algorithm variation except maybe in one little thing, anyway, there was this protocol that we had to implement A client and B server communicate according to  some protocol p, before the messages are delivered their validity is checked, the protocol is defined by its state and the text messages that can be sent when it is in a certain state, in all states there was only one valid message that could be sent, except in one state where there was like 10 messages that can be sent, there are 5 states and the states transition is defined by the protocol too. so what I did with the state from which 10 different messages can be sent was storing their string value in an ArrayList container, then when I needed to check the message validity in the corresponding state i checked if arrayList.containssentMessageStr I would think that this operations complexity is On although I think java has some builtin optimization for this operation, although now that I am thinking about it,  maybe I shouldve used a HashSet container.I suppose the c implementation would have been storing those predefined legal strings lexicographically in an array and implementing a binary search function.p  pthanksp
Negative 325 pthe side bar is in the layout.phtml file. i am very confused why does adding 1 decorator to my form, cause my sidebar ... hmm actually its every thing after that codesectionmaincode  i am using HTML5  to go missing p  playout.phtmlp  precode...  scripts and all  ... ltbodygt     ltheadergt ... ltheadergt     ltnavgt ... ltnavgt     ltdiv classclear gt      ltsection idmaingt         ltphp echo thisgtnavigationgtbreadcrumbs gt         ltphp echo thisgtlayoutgtcontent gt     ltsectiongt      ltaside idsidebargt ... ltasidegt     ltfootergt ... ltfootergt ltbodygt codepre  peverything after codesectionmaincode is missing. p  pmy custom decorator is simply p  precodeclass ApplicationFormDecoratorWmdPreview extends ZendFormDecoratorAbstract      function rendercontent          separator  thisgtgetSeparator         html  ltlabel stylemargintop 10pxgtPreviewltlabelgtltdiv classwmdpreview gt          switch thisgtplacement              case selfAPPEND                 return content . separator . html             case selfPREPEND                 return html . separator . content                codepre  pand my form codeinitcode  p  precode...  adding form elements    call loading of default decorators manually thisgtloadDefaultDecorators  override decorator for body thisgtgetElementbody      gtsetDecoratorsarray         ViewHelper,         Errors,         arrayDescription, arraytag gt p, escape gt false,         Label,         new ApplicationFormDecoratorWmdPreview,         arrayHtmlTag, arraytag gt p        disable autoloading of default decorators  thisgtsetDisableLoadDefaultDecoratorstrue codepre  p... hmm ... something i notice now is that html from view source is ok p  precodeltpgtltlabel forbody classoptionalgtPost bodyltlabelgt lttextarea namebody idbody rows24 cols80gtlttextareagt ltlabel stylemargintop 10pxgtPreviewltlabelgtltdiv classwmdpreview gtltpgt codepre  pbut output from firebug is not ... p  precode... lttextarea namebody idbody rows24 cols80gtlttextareagt ltlabel stylemargintop 10pxgtPreviewltlabelgt ltpgt lt why is this here  gt ltdiv classwmdpreviewgt...ltdivgtlt and this out of the p gt ltformgt ltsectiongt lt all my content supposed to be here is missing gt ltbodygt codepre  pjavascript problem from a hrefhttpwmdeditor.com relnofollowWMDap  h1Solutionh1  pinstead of using codeltdiv gtcode use codeltdivgtltdivgtcode. also like DavidW says, i shld not have a codeltdivgtcode inside a codeltpgtcodep
Negative 325 pI have a ListView in Screen 1 where I have a few items . The User Clicks on an item in the Listview and Screen2 pops up . But What appears in Screen2 depends on what item was clicked in Screen 1p  pFor Ex  User Clicks A in Screen 1  Words starting from A come up in Screen 2p  precodelv.setOnItemClickListenernew OnItemClickListener       public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt parent, View view,          int position, long id             When clicked, Open the Next Screen          Intent rnew IntentDummy.this ,CricksList.class           r.putExtraextra, id          startActivityForResultr, position           codepre  pI have passed the item which was clicked on . But I want to Display on Screen 2 what the user clicked on  as an item in the List View . How do I do that  p
Negative 325 pAnyone know if it is possible to wrap the xtick labels in matplotlib Right now Ive got the following code kind of messy  been hacking at it for a while p  precodedef plotResultsrequest, questionid  responses  ResponseOption.objects.filterquestionidquestionid.orderbyorder.annotateresponsenumCountresponse   counts  []  labels  []    for response in responses   counts.appendresponse.responsenum   labels.appendsmarttruncateresponse.text   N  lenlabels  labels  tuplelabels  counts  tuplecounts  ind  na.arrayrangeN0.5  width  .35  fig  Figurefacecolorwhite,edgecolorwhite  ax  fig.addsubplot1,1,1    rects1  ax.barind, counts,linewidth0   ax.setylabelCount   ax.settitleResponse Historgram  ax.setxticksindwidth  ax.setxticklabelslabels   print mpl.matplotlibfname   canvas  FigureCanvasfig  response  HttpResponsecontenttypeimagepng   canvas.printpngresponse   return response codepre  pThat generates this plotp  pimg srchttpi.imgur.comtj8Cm.png altalt textp  pAs you can see the xticks are boned. Any ideas on how to wrap them, or baring that make them readable Thanks againp  pPS This is part of a Django project. I return the plot as a png image  normally call them from img tags in various views. p
Negative 325 pEnviroment JSF 2.0, RichFaces 3.3.3, Facelets 1.1.15B1, Spring Framework 3.x, WebFlow 2.1, MyBatis 3.0.1, Oracle 1011 g backend, SLF4j into Log4j.  Well thats probably TMI since my issue is only a logging problem but better to be too thorough than not.p  pAnyways... I just setup SLF4j amp log4j so now all of the internal facelets log msgs are being dumped into log4j amp I can actually see them.  In addition I setup Tomcat to also dump to log4j instead of its custom version of JULI.  Upon doing this everything appeared to be working great.... until i shut down the app.  p  pMidway through the shutdown process my app started barfing up errors left n right because which makes sense Tomcat is trying to grab a logger instance AFTER spring has already cleaned up the logger bean.  p  pAnyone familiar with this  I imagine it must be a common problem for anyone who has Tomcat using the nonstandard logging mechanism.  What is the best way around thisp  pI thought maybe if I just raised the log level then Tomcat wouldnt even try to log msgs because of the level req.s but the problem occurs when tomcat is trying to retrieve a logger instance so that didnt work.p
Negative 325 pWhat happens if the same signal and slot is connected twicep  pHow is the mechanism handledp
Negative 325 pIm using PythonDjango, but this is more about the data model and how I interact with the information  I really just want to know if Im crazy here. p  pIm working on a small app at my company 55 employees that will keep track of available VacationSick time. Part of the purpose is to integrate selfservice into our intranet, so that employees can submit Time Off Requests electronically, instead of filling out and handing in paper to HR. p  pObviously, this app needs to keep a running balance per employee, and will be validating that the employee has enough Vacation remaining for whatever theyre requesting. p  pLike with financialaccounting software, I know that I shouldnt necessarily be storing float values, or just keeping a single running balance. p  pMy idea is to use a database table structure like the following to store time credits and debits p  pcodeEmployee  Year  CreditDebit  Amount  Timestampcodep  pYear would be the year to which the creditdebit belong, because Vacation and Sick time are handled on a yearly basis, emnotem on a running balance per employee. p  pTo determine the employees available VacationSick time, I would get the transactions for the employee for the given year, and find the balance. p  pI know Im leaving out lots of information, but I was wondering strongDoes this seem like a reasonable way to go about this,strong being as that it needs to be very accurate, strongorstrong am I completely overcomplicating this p
Negative 325 pHow can one create a thread in unix programmingp  pWhat is difference between forking and threadingp  pIs threading more useful than forkingp
Negative 325 pIve gotten a request from a client to underline text in a text field. Both single and double lines.p  pIs this even possible I assume with some obscure plugin but I havent found it yet. Pp  pIve thought about there being 2 possibilities, if this is possible.p  p1 Underlining the text in the actual field. 2 Doing some crazy hack with text just underneath the text field.p  pThanks for any help andor commentary. p
Negative 325 pHeres an example image of what I mean a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comyUFwN.png relnofollowexampleap  pThe gray rectangle is the bounding box of a control that draws the blue lines and dots in its codeOnRender...code method. The red ovals mark places where it happens.p  ul liWhy is that possibleli liHow can it be avoidedli ul
Negative 325 pId like some mapremapnmapetc. commands to be case sensitive, e.g. ltCIgt vs. ltCigt.p  pI checked Google and help map, but was unable to find this.p
Negative 325 pFor some reason the Web Development VSExtension isnt working, even though Ive installed the SP1.p  pThe Web Development templates are available web forms, generic handlers and I can compile web projects but the designers are missing.p  pIs there a way I can solve thatp
Negative 325 pIm using the devExpress QuantumGrid, and Im wondering that there is no onRowChange event. How can I determine when the selected row has changedp  pI could use the onCellClick event, but this isnt fired when the user scrolls with the cursor keys  It doesnt seem very suitable for that purpose.p  pAny ideas Thanks a lotp
Negative 325 pIve converted a bunch of reports from Crystal Reports 7 to Crystal Reports 2008 as part of a migration from ASE Sybase to MS SQL Server. I also verified it via the Set Database Location option in Crystal Reports 2008.  When I converted the reports I pointed them to one of my test databases lets call this DBa.  I call these reports from a Delphi 4 application and it works fine.  The thing now is that when I try and run this report for another database lets say DBb it gives an error Error 723 Error in file reportname Execute .p  pIf I go back to Crystal 2008 and verify the report against DBb it works fine on DBb but gives the error on DBa.  I compiled the same stored procedure that the report uses on both databases and the data that it returns is the same on both called from the backend.p  pDoes anyone have any idea what the problem could bep  pThanksp
Negative 325 precodeltscript typetextjavascript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquerylatest.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt var toggle toggle1 function open jQuerywindow.bindbeforeunload, function.postlogout.php .postonline.php,functiondata Layer6.htmldata    function toggle   Layer4.animateheighttoggle Layer6.animateheighttoggle  iftoggle1  toggle.attrsrc,toggleup.jpg toggle0  else  toggle.attrsrc,toggledown.jpg toggle1        ltscriptgt codepre  pHere i have defined toggle as a global variable,and set its value to be 1 initially. When toggle is executed,the value of toggle should change as its a global variable.Upon execution,the script doesnt seem to work at allthe toggle part.p  pKindly help. Thanks p
Negative 325 pIm trying to configure an Apache 2.2 proxy server to point to multiple Weblogic instances.  Im doing fairly well with everything but a minor point.p  pI can get this to work  ProxyPass QA a hrefhttpIPPORThttpIPPORTap  pby going to a hrefhttpIPPORTQAhttpIPPORTQAap  pBut I cant get this to work  ProxyPass  a hrefhttpIPPORThttpIPPORTap  pby going to a hrefhttpIPPORThttpIPPORTap  pI dont understand why I cannot have ProxyPass map to the rootp
Negative 325 pI have a table with rows like id, length, time and some of them are duplicates, where length and time is the same in some rows. I want to delete all copies of the first row submitted.p  precodeid  length  time 01  255232  1242 02  255232  1242 lt Delete that one codepre  pI have this to show all duplicates in table.p  precodeSELECT idgarmintrack, length  , time FROM 80dagegarmintrack WHERE length in         SELECT length          FROM 80dagegarmintrack          GROUP          BY length          HAVING count gt 1  ORDER BY idgarmintrack, length, time LIMIT 0,500 codepre
Negative 325 pAnyone know if there is a keystroke shortcut or option to autogenerate a trycatch block around a statement in Visual Studio 2010 I can see what exceptions are thrown if I look at the overlay documentation when I hover over a statement. Id like to right click  generate trycatch, as it would save a lot of time in handling all possible cases. p  pIs this possiblep
Negative 325 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3617200whatbrowserssupporthtml5css3What browsers support HTML 5  CSS3 a  p blockquote    pI keep hearing about HTML5. If I start learning it and using it, will I have any browser compatibility issuesp  pI use jQuery considerably. Has it been upgraded to be compatible with HTML5 Basically, is it safe to use HTML5 now, or better to waitp
Negative 325 pI have a scenario in my mind .. I need validationssuggestions from Stack over flow    There is a remoteapache server hosting this URL httpsomeserver.comlogslog.txt4041 .When i hit this URL in IE it opens a page containing log.txt in a filefolderdirectory structure after authentication. Is there any way to get the attributes of the log.txt attributes what i mean is file creation date,file modification date,file size etc...p  pWhat I am planning to do is to write a code in C.netin the client using system.IO namespace and using the fileinfo class and use  FileInfo fi  new FileInfopathname fi.CreationTime.toString to retrieve the file creation time.p  pThis is successful for files that exists in local directories in my hard drive . Is it possible to use the same code for retrieving the information about the file that exists in the server that is accessed using the URL httpsomeserver.comlogslog.txt4041  if yes should i give the URL in my pathename  Take it for granted that i have access to the server by authentication..p
Negative 325 pI have a 3tier appln hosted in Tomcat web, service and DAO layers. p  pHow do you integrate Tomcat and Spring I need to make use of Springs dependency injection, transaction management, etc. p  pI can only think of instantiating a ClassPathXmlApplicationContext but this way the ApplicationContext singleton instance is not visible across layers. p  pThanks in advance.p  pBest Regardsp  pWillp
Negative 325 psay, I have a bunch of validation functions that return None if there is no error, otherwise it return  SomeString specifying the error message.  Something like the following ...p  precodedef validate1Option[String]  def validate2Option[String] def validate3Option[String] codepre  pI am going to call them in a sequence and as soon as one returns SomeString, I stop and return the same. If it returns None, I go to the next until the sequence is over. If all of them return None, I return None.p  pI would like to glue them together in a for expression. Something like ... p  precodefor a lt validate1 b lt validate2 c lt validate3 yield None codepre  pHowever, Option flows exactly the opposite what I want here. It stops at None and follows with SomeString.p  pHow can I achieve something like thatp
Negative 325 pI am creating a Grails application that is the backend for a mobile application. It is  currently deployed on Amazon EC2. It persists data to a mysql database. One instance currently pointing to the database. I plan to deploy multiple instances of the app behind a load balancer and eventually have read requests go to slave instances of the db. We plan to release in the coming months and have a beta group of a couple of thousand users. It is more read intensive than write. p  pWe have looked into using mongodb instead of sql and see it as a good solution. p  pNot having a lot of experience scaling mysql  or mongodb  would it be easier to scale mongodb since it has features such as auto sharding.  Looking for thoughts from people who have done both   I am of thinking it will be easier to switch to mongodb now rather than be in production and having to migrate. p  pThoughtsp
Negative 325 pi want to programmatically clear the history of the android maps and navigation application.p  pI know there is a way to clear the browser history viap  precodeBrowser.clearSearchesgetContentResolver codepre  pand the corresponding permission codecom.android.browser.permission.WRITEHISTORYBOOKMARKScode and this works fine 2.2..p  pI couldnt find any way to clear the MapsHistory though. Clearing the googlehistory online doesnt help either.p  pThere are some apps in the market that promote to do that, so there must be an API for it, but i really couldnt find it yet.p  pI also messed around a bit with CLEARAPPCACHE and CLEARAPPUSERDATA but seems like they are signedrootonly permissions and delte too much anyways.p
Negative 325 pI havep  precodedocument.readyfunction          .div1, .div2, .div3, .div4, .div5.draggable         menu.clickfunction               ltdiv classdiv1gtltdivgt.appendTolayout           codepre  pBut the draggable function works just to the divs that already exist when the page is loaded. When I add dynamically, I could not drag them.p  pMy Htmlp  precode     ltdiv idlayoutgt        ltdiv classdiv1gtltdivgt      ltdivgt codepre
Negative 325 pHello Were currently migrating from SVN to TFS, and when I created the Team Project I did a lot of stuff created work items, commited a lot of stuff, imported the projects, changed a lot of filesp  pIs there a way I can reset revision number without recreating the Team Projectp  pI dont need to delete the past changes or anything, I just want my next commit to be changeset 1 againp  pThanks in Advancep
Negative 325 pIm setting up an OData provider in visual studio. The error that im receiving really doesnt have anything to do with OData side of things.p  pI have a table type in my ado entity data model and whenever I try to insert a record into this table i get the following errorp  blockquote   pThe member with identity ReturnValue does not exist in the metadata collection.   Parameter name identityp blockquote  pThis is the stacktracep  blockquote   pat System.Data.Mapping.Update.Internal.UpdateTranslator.UpdateIEntityStateManager stateManager, IEntityAdapter adapter      at System.Data.EntityClient.EntityAdapter.UpdateIEntityStateManager entityCache      at System.Data.Objects.ObjectContext.SaveChangesSaveOptions options      at System.Data.Objects.ObjectContext.SaveChanges      at OData.CreateWorkOrderInt32 CreatedByContactID in    DWebOData.svc.vbline 31p blockquote  pHas anyone heard of this error I can insert fine into any other table it just seems to be this one table that the ado entity data model doesnt want to play with.p  pThanks in advancep  precode this comment is just here because the code formatter doesnt play nice otherwise. ltWebGetgt  Public Function CreateWorkOrderByVal CreatedByContactID As Integer As WorkOrder     Dim x As New MyAppEntities      Dim wo As WorkOrder  MyApp.WorkOrder.CreateWorkOrderNothing, 100, 4, False, DateTime.Now, False, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, False, 0, 0, 0, False, CreatedByContactID, DateTime.Now, 1, DateTime.Now     x.AddToWorkOrderswo     x.SaveChanges     Return wo End Function codepre
Negative 325 pI have an ordered set of keyvalue maps in a vector Im iterating through.  I know a unique key, and based on that, I need to get the keyvalue pairs before and after it until I hit a limit.  For instancep  precodeQVector lt QMap lt QString, QString gt gt map QMap lt QString, QString gt temp  temp.insertkey1, parent map.appendtemp temp.clear temp.insertkey2, value1 map.appendtemp temp.clear temp.insertkey3, value2 map.appendtemp temp.clear temp.insertkey4, value3 map.appendtemp temp.clear temp.insertkey5, parent map.appendtemp codepre  pLets say I have a value key3, and I want to get the keyvalue pairs before key3 until parent is reached, and after it until parent is reached not including parent, how do I do this  I cant think of an easy way.p  precodeQMap lt QString, QString gt newMap  QMap lt QString, QString gtiterator i for int i  0 i lt map.size i        QMap lt QString, QString gt vectorMap  map.ati      for j  vectorMap.begin j  vectorMap.end j             if j.key  key3                  set a bool to true and                get j.key and j.value before and after until parent is reached                newMap.insertj.key, j.value                    codepre  pThe newMap would have keyvalue pairs key2value1, key3value2, key4value3p  pEdited for what Im trying nowp  precodeQString selection  key3   for going backwards, still need to go forward  for int i  0 i lt map.size i       QMap lt QString, QString gt vectorMap  map.ati     QMapIterator lt QString, QString gt itervectorMap      while iter.hasNext           iter.next          if iter.key  selection ampamp  iter.value  parent               do                   previousText  iter.previous                  tempMap.insertiter.key, iter.value                 newMap.appendtempMap                 tempMap.clear                  qDebug ltlt previousText ltlt previousText                 iter.previous               while previousText  parent                    codepre
Negative 325 pWhile using some regex in C, Im facing the following problem p  pConsider this simple string  strong0This is a simple textPOPNIZ00strongp  pI would like to pick any strings between two , that contains more than 3 chars except of course the . In my example, the would be p  pThis is a simple textp  pI could make something like  [w][d].,.................4500p  pI would end with a really long regex, impossible to debug and not readable... p  pInstead, I would prefer to create a regex like strongGive me any characters, except  that is contained between  and  strong.p  pI cant find a way to use [] properly p  pHow can I do this p  pThanks in advance p  pstrongANSWER  Ive finally done this  []3,strongp  pstrongIt takes everything but , contained between two  and that is more than three chars long.strongp  pThanks for your answers p
Negative 325 pI am trying to experiment with assembly OS independent by using the following code with bochs on windows machine.p  precodestart     hlt times 510start db 0 dw 0xaa55 codepre  pThis only halts the machine but I wanna start experimenting with simple stuff like Drawing dots on the screen and coloring them later on, printing messages, loading other assembly or C applications from that simple boot loader. Where can I find help concerning that  Would you please provide simple examples if there are no decent sources to teach such stuff p
Negative 325 pIs it possible to insert code0code in the primary key field of a table in SQL server 2008 p
Negative 325 pI have several code.xmlcode files, and I need to parse this data and display it as a list. Can anyone point me in the right direction of how to solve this problem Thanks in advance for any help.p
Negative 325 pSuppose i have ul with one li as shown belowp  precode    ltul classcreatureslist styledisplayblockgt       ltli classlistcreaturesgtlta hrefgtltbgtAdd Creaturesltbgtltagtltligt    ltulgt codepre  pWhat i want is insert more lis on top of given li using jQuery example as belowp  precode ltul classcreatureslist styledisplayblockgt      ltli classlistcreaturesgtlta hrefgt1ltagtltligt      ltli classlistcreaturesgtlta hrefgt2ltagtltligt      ltli classlistcreaturesgtlta hrefgt3ltagtltligt      ltli classlistcreaturesgtlta hrefgt4ltagtltligt      ltli classlistcreaturesgtlta hrefgtltbgtAdd Creaturesltbgtltagtltligt  ltulgt codepre  pI hope it is understandable. Awating p
Negative 325 pThe following html when opened in the default browser on Android 2.2 registers touchstart and touchmove events properly, but not touchend events.  Any idea whyp  precodeltDOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC W3CDTD HTML 4.0ENgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt     ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1, maximumscale1, userscalable0gt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv ida onTouchStarttouchstartFunctionevent             onTouchMovetouchmoveFunctionevent             onTouchEndtouchendFunctionevent             stylewidth300px  height300pxbackgroundredgtltdivgt ltscriptgt     function touchstartFunctionevent         event.preventDefault         var touch  event.touches[0]         document.getElementByIdtouchMoveTextbox.value  Touch start at   touch.pageX  x  touch.pageY          function touchmoveFunctionevent         event.preventDefault         var touch  event.touches[0]         document.getElementByIdtouchMoveTextbox.value  Touch move at   touch.pageX  x  touch.pageY          function touchendFunctionevent         event.preventDefault         var touch  event.touches[0]         document.getElementByIdtouchMoveTextbox.value  Touch end at   touch.pageX  x  touch.pageY      ltscriptgt ltinput typetextbox size30 idtouchMoveTextbox gt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 325 pI have an IKImageView that fills the entirety of a window. When the window is resized, the image does not resize with it. So I naturally think, well Ill change the zoom factor in the windowDidResize. However, the zoom does not adjust smoothly, it animates a zoom whenever the mouse cursor stops moving for an instant. I really want it to resize like NSImageView does. Anyone got any ideasp
Negative 325 pHey everyone. I need to join two tables according to those parametersp  p1 I need only data that are both in the first and in the second tablep  p2 Data in the second table can have more rows attached to one row of the first table, but I need those rows displayed only once.p  pI tried thisp  precodeSELECT  FROM table AS p             JOIN table2 AS ps ON p.id  ps.idtable2             ORDER BY p.id codepre  pbut I am getting duplicates, as mentioned.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pi have a c class with CGrect variable and im getting segfault when trying to access it.p  precodeclass Parent   with some virtual functionsdtors   class Child     public     void SetRectCGRect rect  mRect  rect       CGRect GetRect  return mRect      int GetIndex  return mIndex     private     CGRect mRect     int    mIndex  codepre  pim doingp  precode CGRect rect  childPtrgtGetRect    codepre  pfrom object c code and it segfaults.br I printed childPtr just before the call and rect looks fine with intended data value.p  precodeint index  childPtrgtGetIndex  codepre  pfrom same object c code.mm, works fine though.p  pAny idea why Im getting segfaultsbr Thank you p  ul liedit li ul  pIts got something to do with virtual functions. p  pgdb p singlePuzzlePieceGetRectp  pProgram received signal EXCBADACCESS, Could not access memory. Reason KERNPROTECTIONFAILURE at address 0x00000001 0x00000001 in   Cannot access memory at address 0x1 The program being debugged was signaled while in a function called from GDB. GDB remains in the frame where the signal was received. To change this behavior use set unwindonsignal on Evaluation of the expression containing the function at 0x1 will be abandoned. gdb p  pSomehow, the function is not properly compiledp
Negative 325 pIm getting in instantiation exception inf our Myfaces 2 application. But the exception printing through log4j is cutting off the rest of the stacktrace. Here is what I am seeingp  blockquote   pjavax.faces.FacesException java.lang.InstantiationException           at org.apache.myfaces.config.ManagedBeanBuilder.buildManagedBeanManagedBeanBuilder.java240           at org.apache.myfaces.el.unified.resolver.ManagedBeanResolver.createManagedBeanManagedBeanResolver.java303           at org.apache.myfaces.el.unified.resolver.ManagedBeanResolver.getValueManagedBeanResolver.java266           at javax.el.CompositeELResolver.getValueCompositeELResolver.java54           at org.apache.myfaces.el.unified.resolver.FacesCompositeELResolver.getValueFacesCompositeELResolver.java142           at org.apache.myfaces.el.VariableResolverImpl.resolveVariableVariableResolverImpl.java65           at org.apache.myfaces.el.convert.VariableResolverToELResolver.getValueVariableResolverToELResolver.java116           at javax.el.CompositeELResolver.getValueCompositeELResolver.java54           at org.apache.myfaces.el.unified.resolver.FacesCompositeELResolver.getValueFacesCompositeELResolver.java142           at org.apache.el.parser.AstIdentifier.getValueAstIdentifier.java61           at org.apache.el.parser.AstValue.getValueAstValue.java107           at org.apache.el.ValueExpressionImpl.getValueValueExpressionImpl.java186           at org.apache.myfaces.view.facelets.el.TagValueExpression.getValueTagValueExpression.java85           at javax.faces.component.DeltaStateHelper.evalDeltaStateHelper.java243           at javax.faces.component.UIOutput.getValueUIOutput.java71           at javax.faces.component.UIInput.getValueUIInput.java143           at javax.faces.component.UISelectBoolean.getValueUISelectBoolean.java148           at org.apache.myfaces.sharedimpl.renderkit.RendererUtils.getObjectValueRendererUtils.java238           at org.apache.myfaces.sharedimpl.renderkit.RendererUtils.getBooleanValueRendererUtils.java193           at org.apache.myfaces.sharedimpl.renderkit.html.HtmlCheckboxRendererBase.encodeEndHtmlCheckboxRendererBase.java79           at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.encodeEndUIComponentBase.java519           at javax.faces.component.UIComponent.encodeAllUIComponent.java626           at javax.faces.component.UIComponent.encodeAllUIComponent.java622           at javax.faces.component.UIComponent.encodeAllUIComponent.java622           at org.apache.myfaces.view.facelets.FaceletViewDeclarationLanguage.renderViewFaceletViewDeclarationLanguage.java1320           at org.apache.myfaces.application.ViewHandlerImpl.renderViewViewHandlerImpl.java263           at javax.faces.application.ViewHandlerWrapper.renderViewViewHandlerWrapper.java59           at org.apache.myfaces.tomahawk.application.ResourceViewHandlerWrapper.renderViewResourceViewHandlerWrapper.java93           at org.apache.myfaces.lifecycle.RenderResponseExecutor.executeRenderResponseExecutor.java85           at org.apache.myfaces.lifecycle.LifecycleImpl.renderLifecycleImpl.java239           at javax.faces.webapp.FacesServlet.serviceFacesServlet.java191           at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java290           at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java206           at org.apache.myfaces.webapp.filter.ExtensionsFilter.doFilterExtensionsFilter.java349           at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java235           at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java206           at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapperValve.invokeStandardWrapperValve.java233           at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContextValve.invokeStandardContextValve.java191           at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHostValve.invokeStandardHostValve.java128           at org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invokeErrorReportValve.java102           at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardEngineValve.invokeStandardEngineValve.java109           at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java293           at org.apache.jk.server.JkCoyoteHandler.invokeJkCoyoteHandler.java190           at org.apache.jk.common.HandlerRequest.invokeHandlerRequest.java291           at org.apache.jk.common.ChannelSocket.invokeChannelSocket.java769           at org.apache.jk.common.ChannelSocket.processConnectionChannelSocket.java698           at org.apache.jk.common.ChannelSocketSocketConnection.runItChannelSocket.java891           at org.apache.tomcat.util.threads.ThreadPoolControlRunnable.runThreadPool.java690           at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java619   Caused by java.lang.InstantiationException           at sun.reflect.InstantiationExceptionConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstanceInstantiationExceptionConstructorAccessorImpl.java30           at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceConstructor.java513           at java.lang.Class.newInstance0Class.java355           at java.lang.Class.newInstanceClass.java308           at org.apache.myfaces.config.annotation.TomcatAnnotationLifecycleProvider.newInstanceTomcatAnnotationLifecycleProvider.java49           at org.apache.myfaces.config.ManagedBeanBuilder.buildManagedBeanManagedBeanBuilder.java162           ... 48 morep blockquote  pI cannot find where to change the config so I can see the ... 48 more. Any ideasp
Negative 325 pI have an XML document that looks like thisp  precode  ltfilegt     ltnamegtNAMEOFFILEltnamegt   ltfilegt   ltfilegt     ltnamegtNAMEOFFILEltnamegt   ltfilegt codepre  pIm trying to write a Python script that will replace all newlines, tags and whitespace embetween tagsem i.e. not the elements themselves with ,.p  pThe output for the file above should look like thisp  precodeNAMEOFFILE,NAMEOFFILE,NAMEOFFILE, codepre  pHeres what Ive got so far. Im having trouble understanding exactly how Python handles newlinesp  precodeimport sys import os import re  source  rcAgrepper.txt  f  opensource,r out  openrcAbout.txt, a  for line in f     one  re.subrn, , line     two  re.subrr, , one     three  re.subrltnamegt.ltnamegt, ,, two     out.writethree  out.close codepre
Negative 325 pCurrently my application is using telnet to connect to server. The java file is using commands likep  precodelogin waitfor send codepre  pWhat are the corresponding commands i need to use for SSH connections and what all things i have to do to convert this telnet to SSH Please help..p
Negative 325 pI want to show moreless using JQuery.  Ive tried a couple examples by Googling but neither work.  Nothing fancy, I just need a paragraph of text to be cut to a specific height, and a link the will expandhide additional text.p
Negative 325 pI have an ASP.NET Web Forms application. I want to have a button to post back to the server that will use my fields on my form after validation as parameters to a server process that will generate a document and stream it back to the browser. I want the form to be updated with some status results.p  pWhat is the best way to achieve this Right now, Ive got the button click generating the document and streaming it back to the browser its a Word document and the dialog pops up, and the Word document can be opened successfully but the page doesnt get updated.p  pI have jQuery in my solution, so using js isnt an issue if that is required.p
Negative 325 pI am developing an iPhone app in which I would like to get a notification whenever a user Turn off the iPhone or due to low battery iPhone OS turns off itself.p  pAny Private API will also work for mep
Negative 325 pIm writing an application in JSF 1.2 that has a session in a backing bean. The biggest stability issue happens when the user refreshes the page by pressing F5 or uses the backward arrow in the browser to go back.p  pI would like some smart knowledgeable way to overcome this.p  pThe most common exception I get is that after a refresh, the user will try to continue using the application and would get ap  precodejava.lang.IllegalStateException  duplicate Id for a component codepre  pin the browser.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI have two timestamps which describe the same instant of time in two different formats.p  pcode20101003 185807code and code20101003T165807.0000200code.p  pI parse the timestamps with two different date formatters with Joda. In the end i want to have two DateTime objects that are equal in terms of being the same instant of time.p  pThe DateFormatter offers several methods to control time zones and locales but i couldnt get it to work. p  pThis is the code that i would like to workp  precode    final String date1  20101003 185807  EuropeBerlin local time     final DateTimeFormatter formatter1  DateTimeFormat.forPatternyyyyMMdd HHmmss     final DateTime dateTime1  formatter1.parseDateTimedate1      final String date2  20101003T165807.0000200  EuropeBerlin local time with time zone     final DateTimeFormatter formatter2  DateTimeFormat.forPatternyyyyMMddTHHmmss.SSSZ     final DateTime dateTime2  formatter2.parseDateTimedate2      Assert.assertTruedateTime1.isEqualdateTime2 codepre  pThanks in advance if somebody can help mep
Negative 325 pI am trying to build jsoncpp on Ubuntu 10.x  however the instructions are at times vague. For example, it is not clear exactly which folder the scons.py file needs to reside in before the lib can be built.p  pCan someone outline the steps required to build the jsoncpp library on Linux, or failing that, if anyone is aware of any online resource with this info, please share the link.p
Negative 325 pbr I have one set of source files from which I need to generate multiple variants of an executable. For example I need to generate strongapp1.elfstrong, strongapp2.elfstrong, strongapp3.elfstrong from the same strongmain.cstrong and strongcomm.cstrong.  The difference between each of the apps is a node address, a parameter that is passed down in the invocation of gcc. i.e.p  precodegcc DNODE1 oapp1.elf main.c  gcc DNODE2 oapp2.elf main.c  gcc DNODE3 oapp3.elf main.c  codepre  pLets assume that I have the following files  p  ul lisrcmain.cli lisrccomm.cli ul  pWhen I run the Makefile as sop  blockquote   pmake allnodesp blockquote  pmake only builds app1.elf with the following outputp  blockquote   pBuilt app1br   Built app2br   Built app3  p blockquote  pstrongFAILstrong The output seems to suggest that it worked, however it only generates one executable, namely app1.elf.  Anybody care to point out what Im doing wrong  p  pTo further explain my Makefile, Ive created a emcleanobjsem target to clean out the objects in the .obj subdirectory.  This is my attempt at having make rebuild the obj files with the new strongnodestrong address, but it fails.  Am I using make in a way it wasnt intended to be used  I know I can also create a batch file to run make something Ive done sucessfully but Id like to know what Im doing wrong. My  Makefile is belowp  precodeobj.o src.c     gcc DNODENODE o lt  app.elf  .objmain.o .objcomm.o     gcc oappNODE.elf main.o comm.o  node1  NODE1 node1  cleanobj app.elf     echo Built app1  node2  NODE2 node2  cleanobj app.elf     echo Built app2  node3  NODE3 node3  cleanobj app.elf     echo Built app3  allnodes  node1 node2 node3  cleanobj      rm rf objmain.o objcomm.o  .PHONY  cleanobj codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to update a clients site and the original developer left almost no instructions.  The code is all updated through XML.p  pHere is a sample of the codep  precodeenter code hereltFOLDER NAMECOMMERCIALgt     ltGALLERY NAMELOCANDA VERDE New Yorkgt             ltIMG HEIGHT500 CAPTIONSome photo WIDTH393 SRClocanda1.jpg DX60 DY40 LINKTEXT LINKURL INFOTEXTSOHO, NEW YORKgt             ltIMG HEIGHT300 CAPTIONSome photo WIDTH450 SRClocanda2.jpg DX160 DY80 LINKTEXT LINKURL INFOTEXTSOHO, NEW YORKgt             ltIMG HEIGHT500 CAPTIONSome photo WIDTH393 SRClocanda3.jpg DX80 DY260 LINKTEXT LINKURL INFOTEXTSOHO, NEW YORKgt             ltIMG HEIGHT500 CAPTIONSome photo WIDTH393 SRClocanda4.jpg DX120 DY60 LINKTEXT LINKURL INFOTEXTSOHO, NEW YORKgt             ltIMG HEIGHT393 CAPTIONSome photo WIDTH500 SRClocanda5.jpg DX180 DY100 LINKTEXT LINKURL INFOTEXTSOHO, NEW YORKgt             ltIMG HEIGHT500 CAPTIONSome photo WIDTH433 SRClocanda6.jpg DX60 DY140 LINKTEXT LINKURL INFOTEXTSOHO, NEW YORKgt             ltIMG HEIGHT500 CAPTIONSome photo WIDTH393 SRClocanda7.jpg DX100 DY200 LINKTEXT LINKURL INFOTEXTSOHO, NEW YORKgt         ltGALLERYgtenter code here codepre  pIt relates to this page  a hrefhttpmeyerdavis.com relnofollowhttpmeyerdavis.coma Click Commercial  Click Laconda Verde New York. The xml file pulls a jpg from 2 places, one is a thumb nail that are all 60 x 60 and then one is the bigger sized image.  The issue that Im having is that I cant figure out how the DX and DY coordinates are generated for each item.  Any help would be much appreciated.p  pp  pstrongEditstrong  Heres the code from the comment below.p  precodeplatformblock.expandspeed  0.02  platformblock.h  450  platformblock.dy1  platformblock.h  402  platformblock.dy2  0  platformblock.onResize    platformblock.onEnterFrame  function       this.dy1  48  this.dy1this.expandspeed      this.h  450  this.dy1      ifthis.expandspeedlt0.3           this.expandspeed  0.02            ifMath.absthis.dy148lt0.2           this.dy1  48            ifthis.platform.height402 ampamp this.dy148          this.h  null          this.onResize          this.onEnterFrame  null          platformblock.resizeto800, 402, root.play, root, 0.08  titleblockcontainer.play    stop codepre
Negative 325 pWhere can I find enough documentation to implement an a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiR2atreeRTreea  Specifically, I need to be able top  ul liInsert nodesli liRemove nodesli liSearch for K nearest neighboursli liFind all nearest neighbours within distance x.li ul  pIs there a single place where this algorithm is clearly documented  Or is there a clean, open source implementation I can study  Even better, if you can point me to a javascript implementation then my work is already done.p
Negative 325 pif I have this path ABC I want to extract A,B,C I was thinking about store index of , and extract the values based on the indexes but this create a problem for me since  does not have a single index p  precode  index1   index3   index4        for int index  0 index lt path.Length index                  if path[index]                                pathIndex[index]  index                 pathChar[index]                   Console.WriteLineIndex 0 char1, pathIndex[index], pathChar[index]                                   codepre  pbut if there is another way which would be shortest and better. I want to know any effort will be strongly appreciated p
Negative 325 pI have a Java program that used a BufferedImage attached to a jPanel to display some image data that I am reading in from a byte array. I was getting a row of the Image at a time into the byte array, getting the WriteableRaster of the image, and calling the setDataElements method of the raster, and then setData of the BufferedImage to get the new data in.p  pWhat is the equivalent way to do this in Cp  pEdit I have Qt, and thought I might try to build my UI using thatp
Negative 325 pAs I understand it, my app will receive messages to the method p  precode void locationManagerCLLocationManager manager          didUpdateToLocationCLLocation newLocation           fromLocationCLLocation oldLocation codepre  peven when it is in the background if I set up it right.p  pWhat am I allowed to do in this method I guess it is okay to store the coords etc., but can I make a server request and pass along my coordinates with itp
Negative 325 phere is my problem I have spring framework and I want to integrate Crystal reportp  pthe problem is when Report call the servlet CrystalReportViewerServlet, the spring dispacher dont find it so how I can make spring dispacher to call a default servlet that is declare on my Web.xmlp  phere is my web.xmlp  precode   ltservletgt     ltservletnamegtCrystalReportViewerServletltservletnamegt     ltservlet classgtcom.crystaldecisions.report.web.viewer.CrystalReportViewerServletltservletclassgt   ltservletgt   ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtCrystalReportViewerServletltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngtCrystalReportViewerHandlerlturlpatterngt   ltservletmappinggt     ltcontextparamgt     ltparamnamegtcrystalimageuriltparamnamegt     ltparamvaluegtgaa.vargas.furniturecrystalreportviewersltparamvaluegt   ltcontextparamgt   ltcontextparamgt     ltparamnamegtcrystalimageuserelativeltparamnamegt     ltparamvaluegtwebappltparamvaluegt   ltcontextparamgt    ltcontextparamgt     ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt     ltparamvaluegt                 WEBINFapplicationContext.xml         ltparamvaluegt   ltcontextparamgt  ltlistenergt     ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListenerltlistenerclassgt   ltlistenergt   ltservletgt     ltservletnamegtdispatcherltservletnamegt     ltservletclassgtorg.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServletltservletclassgt     ltloadonstartupgt1ltloadonstartupgt   ltservletgt   ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtdispatcherltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngt.htmlturlpatterngt   ltservletmappinggt   ltsessionconfiggt     ltsessiontimeoutgt30ltsessiontimeoutgt   ltsessionconfiggt   ltwelcomefilelistgt     ltwelcomefilegtredirect.jspltwelcomefilegt   ltwelcomefilelistgt codepre
Negative 325 pI want a form to be submitted atleast 15 seconds after the page has loaded because thats how long it takes on average for the form to be filled in.p  pI know I can do something like timepageloaded  time at the topp  precodeif time lt timepageloaded  15     show reCaptcha  else     submit to database  codepre  pIs this correct Also when you refactor this into a function how would you make itp
Negative 325 pIm trying to build a pivottable javascript application with jQuery, and I want to let the user defines its own calculated fields just as seen on Excel. p  pSo, if f1, f2, f3 are the columns of the table, users can define a custom field as c1  f1  f2f3 just by typing as I can do with Excel.p  pI guess I need a parser, to make sure thatp  ul lif1, f2, f3 are valid table fields while f4 is notli lithere are no invalid symbols.li ul  pAny suggestion readytouse plugins, examples,...p  pThank youp
Negative 325 pI have a rails application that I am implementing the Twilio SMS API on, and I am a bit lost on how to test drive my design.p  pTo start Ive just made a model that is an SMS mailer that will encapsulate the twilio API and I want to be able to test it and ensure functionality without using up SMS credits or bombarding someone with test text messages.p  pI know how to implement the API and get it working in the code but what I need help with is actually testing the code to make sure it works and prevent breakage in the future. Could anyone provide some advicep  pThanksp
Negative 325 pThis was posted at a hrefhttpcaliburnmicro.codeplex.comThreadView.aspxThreadId244394 relnofollowCaliburn.Micro discussionsa also. Im really looking for advice and opinions on the best way to solve.p  pSay I have the following Actionp  precodepublic IEnumerableltIResultgt SaveStation       yield return Busy.MakeBusy     yield return new StationSavestation     yield return Busy.MakeNotBusy     yield return Show.TabltStationBrowseViewModelgt  codepre  pStationSave is an IResult wrapper around a simple WCF service invocation. The service uses FaultContractFaultException for failures.p  pIn the case of a fault, the user needs to be notified and the FaultContract will contain some useful info about what went wrong. Currently the Save result catches the exception and inserts it into ResultCompletionEventArgs of the Completed event. By doing so, the SequentialResult created by the pipeline is cancelled because of the error, thus leaving the screen in a Busy state.p  pWhat Im really after is ideas about the best way to recover from the error remove the busy state and notify the user I have a couple of IResult implementations for different styles of notification which I would like to use of the details provided in the fault contract. By attaching to the Completed event in my VM I can get the error, but at this point I am no longer in the context of the Action pipeline so any IResults I would like to use the MakeNotBusy and my show notification implementation I have to execute manually and Id have to new up my own ActionExecutionContext which I dont want to be doing.p  pI have had a look at Marco Amendolas rescue filter for Caliburn.Micro from a hrefhttpmarcoamendola.wordpress.com20100810acaliburnmicrorecipefilters relnofollowherea, but again I cant pass back IResults from the Rescue method.p  pHave I missed something obvious How do others handle this situationp
Negative 325 pAt my company, we recently started using a hrefhttpwww.rallydev.com relnofollowRallya for our project management tool. Initially, someone external to our team invested a lot of time manually creating iterations using a naming convention that is just not going to jive with our teams existing scheme. Instead of asking this poor soul to delete these empty iterations by hand, one by one, I would like to automate this process using Rallys REST API. In short, we need to delete these 100 empty iterations which span across 3 different projects which all sharing a common parent.p  pI have spent some time looking at the a hrefhttprallyrestapi.rubyforge.org relnofollowrallyrestapia ruby gem, and although I have some limited Ruby experience, the strongQuerystrong interface of the API remains confusing to me, and I am having some trouble wrapping my head around it. I know what my regex would like, but I just dont know how to supply that to the query.p  pHere is what I have so farp  precoderequire rubygems require rallyrestapi  rally  RallyRestAPI.newusername gt myuser,                           password gt mypass regex  ETVT100      get all names that match criteria iterations   rally.finditeration  query using above regex   delete all the matching iterations iterations.each do iteration   iteration.delete     end codepre  pAny pointers in the right direction would be much appreciated. I feel like Im almost there.p
Negative 325 pim trying the following code to retrieve the client ip, and it works finep  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt       function getipjson          var ip  json.ip  alerts the client ip address         alertip      ltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpjsonip.appspot.comcallbackgetipgtltscriptgt codepre  pbut when i try it with code.ajaxcode it does nothing...p  precode    .ajax         type GET,         url httpjsonip.appspot.comcallbackgetip,         dataType jsonp,                     success function getipjson              alertsucess             var ip  json.ip             alertip                  codepre  pplz helpp
Negative 325 pAssuming I have a decorator and a wrapped function like this p  precodedef squaredmethod     def wrapperx, y         return methodxx, yy     return wrapper  squared def sumx, y     return xy codepre  pI have other code that would like to call the undecorated version of the codesumcode function.  Is there an import trick that can get me to this unwrapped method  If my code says codefrom some.module.path import sumcode then, I get the wrapped version of the codesumcode method, which is not what I want in this case.  Yes, I know I could break this out into a helper method, but that breaks some of the cleanliness of the pattern Im going for here. p  pIm okay with adding extra magic to the decorator to provide some alternate symbol name like codeorigsumcode that I could then import, I just dont know how to do that. p
Negative 325 pIn C and JavaScript it was recommended to create an array with specified length, and then populate it. Is there a syntax to do so in PHP Or theres no need because PHPs array is a hashp  pps Im populating an array from mysql using codemysqlfetcharraycode and Im running a loop to it so p
Negative 325 pI am writing embedded code for MSP430, using the IAR compiler at the highest optimization level speed or size does not change anything.p  pI define a function as static, then reference it only once, in the same file. Since the function has internal linkage, and is used exactly once, I expected the optimizer to perform inline expansion. I can see no reason not to.p  pThe function is short, it results in 16 words of machine code. It is called from an ISR. Adding the inline keyword makes the function inline, but the optimizer seems to need the hint. Having it inline saves two codepushcodecodepopcodes to the stack, one codecallacode and one coderetacode.p  pAm I right to expect inline expansion to be performed even without the codeinlinecode keyword, or am I missing somethingp  hr  pstrongEditstrong a few more tests showed that the inline expansion was dependent on the size of the function, and that the threshold was quite low. It seems to be around 15 or 16 words of machine code. Above that and the optimizer does not expand if not given the keyword.p  pI still dont see why it wouldnt readability shouldnt be the concern of an optimizer, should it, but I understand that IAR only can answer this.p
Negative 325 pI am using Ruby on Rails 3 and I am considering to implement a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiMessagequeue relnofollowmessaging queuesa for my applications using the a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiAdvancedMessageQueuingProtocol relnofollowAdvanced Message Queuing Protocola AMQP. p  pSo, relating to that arguments, I would like to know what hosting services can provide a a hrefhttpwww.rabbitmq.com relnofollowRabbitMQ servera this is an open source implementation of AMQP.p
Negative 325 pI have the following boilerplate code in my application. Its likely to be repeated in several different objects involving with parsing objects of different kindsp  precodeSAXParserFactory factory  SAXParserFactory.newInstance factory.setNamespaceAwaretrue  SAXParser parser  factory.newSAXParser AssetTOSaxHandler handler  new AssetTOSaxHandler parser.parse assetStream, handler  return handler codepre  pSince the codehandlercode object is stateful I think new is the best way to obtain that, but it occured to me that codefactorycode and codeparsercode are probably reusable objects that I might be able to inject into my objects instead to achieve cleaner code.p  pDid you do this Is that useful What frameworks and syntax did you usep
Negative 325 pI have an existing cherrypy application but I want to know is if its at all possible to run it on the gevent wsgi server. I imagine I can but I dont have access to a linux server to test out gevent and havent been able to get it to run on my mac. p  pIm under the impression this is possible since each side follows wsgi spec. p  pHas anyone tried thisp  pI guess an example would look like the followingp  precodeimport cherrypy  from gevent import wsgi  class Rootobject      def indexself         return hi      index.exposed  True  app  cherrypy.tree.mountRoot,  wsgi.WSGIServer, 8088, app.serveforever codepre
Negative 325 pFollowing is a sample of sets of contacts for each company going from left to right. p  precodeID Company ContactFirst1 ContactLast1 Title1 Email1     ContactFirst2 ContactLast2 Title2 Email2 1  ABC     John          Doe          CEO    jdabc.com Steve         Bern         CIO    sbabc.com codepre  pHow do I get them to go top to bottom as shownp  precodeID Company Contactfirst ContactLast Title Email 1  ABC     John         Doe         CEO   jdabc.com 1  ABC     Steve        Bern        CIO   sbabc.com codepre  pI am hoping there is a Pythonic way of solving this task. Any pointers or samples are really appreciatedp  pp.s  In the actual file, there are 10 sets of contacts going from left to right and there are few thousand such records. It is a CSV file and I loaded into MySQL to manipulate the data.p
Negative 325 pIve just received a request for an online backgammon game engine. It shouldnt be to hard to make as after all is essentially a chat program that moves pieces instead of showing text messages. I am basically a PHP developer but as I need event driven stuff no pooling I assume I could combine a java built core application and a Flash interface. Any suggestions to where should I look for some practical examples and maybe some advicesp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pThis is the web page that arrives captured with Google Dev Toolp  precodelthtmlgt     ltbody marginwidth0 marginheight0 bgcolorrgb38,38,38gt         ltembed width100       height100 nameplugin   srchttpswww.prosper.comsecureaccountcommonPDFFilePage.aspxid1fed9714de1a8e458762ae5852578campampstmtdtid2 typeapplicationpdfgt     ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pWhen I get it finally in the WebBrowser control, I getp  precodeltheadgtltheadgtrnltbodygtltbodygt  codepre  pThe pdf doc in the Embed tag gets lost.  The DownloadBegin, DownloadProgress, DownloadComplete, FileDownload and DocumentComplete events all fire.  I can see progress being made, the DownloadProgress event fires and the received counter goes up, but I can never find the downloaded pdf and the browser screen is blank.p  pAny ideas what I can do  The idea is to catch the PDF file and write it out to a database, but I cant seem to find it.p
Negative 325 pAs we  all know, spring batch uses chunk oriented processing since the version 2.0.p  pDoes it mean that, if an exception occurs in the item writer, the Data Source Transaction manager will roll back the whole chunk or only the related item p  pActually, I gave it a try and saw that the framework rolls back the whole chunk. Thats not what I need because I do not want, lets say, 499 items which have been processed successfully to be rolled back in a chunk consisting of 500 items when the last item causes an exception to be thrown.p  pThe only solution I was able to find is to add the attribute below to my tasklet. However, I am not sure if this is the right thing to do.p  precodeltbatchtransactionattributes propagationNOTSUPPORTEDgt  codepre  pAnother opinion was to simply reduce the chunk size to 1 one but that one also doesnt make much sense.p  pMaybe Spring Batch is not suitable for my problem domain. If so, please tell me so I wont be struggling with those kind of framework specific behaviour anymore.p  pAny suggestions would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 325 pLets say I have a class that has two methods codecalculateBonusAccount acode and codecalculatePenaltyAccount acode.p  pLets say I add the codesynchronizedcode keyword to the methods or have a codesynchronizedthiscode block inside the methods.  Does this effectively mean that if a thread is calculating a bonus on an account no other thread can calculate a penalty on a different account until the bonus is donep  pPenalties and bonuses are varied and complex, it is possible that an account may receive both.  It does not matter what order they are calculated there is a cutoff date so one does not affect the outcome of the other but it is critical that I do not attempt to calculate both on the same account at the same time for obvious data consistency reasons, there are statuses and audit trail information being updated inside of each method.p  pWhat would be the best way to design my code so that I can SAFELY maximize parallel processingp  pI have considered these options so farp  p1 Put the code that calculates bonuses and penalties in different classes and use the codesynchronizedcode key word on the method.  Dont like this idea because there are some shared complex functions that I would like to keep together, they are not IO bound and execute quickly so do not impact performance.p  p2 Synchronize on the passed in codeAccountcode parameter.  If I understand this correctly that means that I can not calculate a bonus on another account executing in another thread until the bonus is calculated on the first account in the first thread.  But I could calculate a penalty on a different account in a different thread  just not the strongsamestrong account.  I like this one the most but want to be sure I understand it correctly.p  p3 Create an internal private lock object for each method that I want to synchronize, one for bonuses and one for penalties.  If understand this correctly it means that only one thread can be calculating a bonus at a time but it strongdoes notstrong prevent another thread from calculating a penalty on the strongsamestrong account at the same time.p  pNow I understand that I have to be careful to avoid deadlock, I plan to make sure that nothing inside any synchronized block depends on calls to other synchronized methods.  I also intend to make sure that any local variable used in a calculation that affects the final value is inside the synchronized block.p
Negative 325 pWhat is the best way to securely authenticate a user p  pSo far I was thinking ofp  ul liGenerate a random codeSALTcode for each successful login and store codelogged  md5hashedpassword.SALTcode into database delete on logout.li liStore codeloggedcode into a cookie If user checked remember me. Set codeSESSION[user]  loggedcodeli liOn a visit Check if codeSESSION[user]code is set if not, check for cookie, if data doesnt match, redirect to codelogincode page.li ul  pWhat are the risks p
Negative 325 pIm trying to install the PHP extension intl on my fresh install of OS X 10.6.6, using the PHP version that shipped with it v5.3.3.p  pI know that the extension needs ICU so I installed it with homebrew. My installed version of ICU is 4.4.1 and is stored in codeusrlocalCellaricu4c4.4.1code.p  pI tried two different ways to install the intl extensionp  h2pecl installh2  ppecl asked me for the ICU prefix, which is codeusrlocalCellaricu4c4.4.1code. codeconfigurecode ran without problems, however codemakecode aborted withp  blockquote   pprivatevartmpapachemodphpapachemodphp531Buildtmppeartempintlcollatorcollatorclass.c107 error duplicate static   make emem [collatorcollatorclass.lo] Error 1   ERROR make failedp blockquote  h2build directlyh2  pI downloaded the current version of PHP v5.3.5 and then installed the intl extension from codeextintlcode by running p  precodephpize ampamp  configure enableintl withicudirusrlocalCellaricu4c4.4.1 ampamp  make ampamp  make test ampamp  sudo make install codepre  pThis seemed to work I got an extension in the PHP extension directory and didnt get any error messages.p  pThe file tells me MachO 64bit bundle x8664p  pHowever, when I loaded the extension in codephp.inicode, I got the messagep  blockquote   pPHP Warning  PHP Startup Invalid library maybe not a PHP library usrlibphpextensionsnodebugnonzts20090626intl.so in Unknown on line 0p blockquote  pI have no idea why this is happening. Im guessing that it is because the extension is installed from PHP v5.3.5 and I am using v5.3.3, but I cant imagine that 2 bugfix releases would break compatibility.p  pAny Ideasp  pstrongUPDATE 20110316strongp  pI found a solution When I explicitly set the codem64code flag in configure which tells gcc to produce 64bit code then the extension loads correctlyp  pcodeCFLAGSm64 CPPFLAGSm64 CCASFLAGSm64 .configurecodep
Negative 325 pSo I have this input tag codeltinput ... onFocus...gtcode and what I want is for a warning popup to come up if somebody clicks to write in the input field. After the person has read the warning heshe closes the popup and can continue to write in the field. I have managed to implement the popup just fine but my problem is that I lose focus on the input field when the popup comes up so the next time I click the field the popup comes back again and im back on square one. p  pThe system I work on uses php and javascript so and I cannot use anything other than that to solve the problem and my experience with both php and javascript is limited.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to store network layout in Couch DB, but my solution provides rather randomized graph. I store a nodes with a documentp  pid , nodeName, groupp  pand storing links in traditionalp  pid, sourceid, targetid, valuep  pFollowing multiple tutorials on handling joins and multiple relationship in Couch DB I created viewp  precodefunctiondoc    ifdoc.type  connection         if doc.sourceid          emitsource, id doc.sourceid       ifdoc.targetid         emittarget, id doc.targetid         codepre  pwhich should have emitted sequence of source and target id, then I pass it to the list function with includedocstrue, assumes that source and target come in pairs stitches everything back in a structure like thisp  precodenodes[nodeNameName 1,group1,nodeNameName 2,group1,],links[source7,target0,value1,source7,target5,value1] codepre  pAlthough my list produce a proper JSON, view map returns number of rows of source docs and then target docs. So far I dont have any ideas how to make this thing working properly  I am happy to fetch additional values from document id in the list, but so far I havnt find any good examples.  Alternative ways of achieving the same goal are welcome. id values are standard for Couch DB so far.p  pUpdate while writing a question I came up with different view which sorted my immediate problem, but I still would like to see other options. updated mapp  precodefunctiondoc    ifdoc.type  connection         if doc.sourceid          emit[doc.id,0,source], id doc.sourceid       ifdoc.targetid         emit[doc.id,1,target], id doc.targetid         codepre
Negative 325 pI have a normal html page with stuff like divs and links with imagesp  precodeltdivgt   lta hreffoo.jpggt ... ltagt   lta hrefboo.jpggt ... ltagt ltdivgt  ltdivgt   lta hrefbah.jpggt ... ltagt   lta hrefgah.jpggt ... ltagt ltdivgt  ... codepre  pIm trying to hook a lightbox script on all links that end with jpggifpng extensions.p  pRight now, based on a previous question I asked , I havep  precode div a.filterfunction    return this.href.match[.jpg.png.gif]  .colorbox    rel gallery   codepre  pwhich groups all links inside codegallerycode.p  pBut I would want to group links from each div inside their own gallery. For example .foo amp .boo links inside a codegallery1code and .bah amp .gah inside codegallery2code and so on...p  pHow can I do thatp
Negative 325 pI am making a WebForm in asp.net and I want to display gridview with data from aspSqlDataSourcebr My problem becomes when I try to skip pass null values for some of the Parameters.p  pHere is some snippets of my codep  pIn aspx file sqldatasource looks likep  precodeltaspSqlDataSource IDSqlDataSource1 runatserver          ConnectionStringlt ConnectionStringsApplicationServices gt          SelectCommandartbatart SelectCommandTypeStoredProceduregt         ltSelectParametersgt             ltaspParameter Nameartnaz DefaultValueHLA  ConvertEmptyStringToNulltrue TypeString gt             ltaspParameter Nameartsifra     DbTypeString  DirectionInputgt             ltaspParameter Namevrstaid DefaultValue3   ConvertEmptyStringToNulltrue TypeInt32 gt                  ltaspParameter Namepodvrstaid DefaultValue13   ConvertEmptyStringToNulltrue                  TypeInt32  gt             ltaspParameter Namepodgrupa2  DefaultValue1365   ConvertEmptyStringToNulltrue TypeInt32      gt              ltaspParameter Namepodosobine   DefaultValue19241  ConvertEmptyStringToNulltrue                  TypeString  gt             ltaspParameter NamepodosobineOR DefaultValuetrue   ConvertEmptyStringToNulltrue                  TypeBoolean  gt         ltSelectParametersgt codepre  pMy grid looks like thisp  precode ltaspGridView IDGridView1 runatserver AutoGenerateColumnsFalse          DataKeyNamesid DataSourceIDSqlDataSource1gt codepre  pAnd troubles comes in code behind One of parameters for my stored procedure is optional, If i pass it as null in SQL the stored procedure is going to execute anyway.p  pI am trying to skip and pass that parameter as followsp  precodepublic partial class Default  System.Web.UI.Page              protected void PageLoadobject sender, EventArgs e                             protected void Button1Click1object sender, EventArgs e                      SqlDataSource1.SelectParameters[artsifra].DefaultValue  DBNull.Value Cannot implicitly convert type              SqlDataSource1.SelectParameters[artsifra].DefaultValue  System.Data.SqlTypes.SqlString.Null   Cannot implicitly convert type              SqlDataSource1.SelectParameters[artsifra].DefaultValue  System.Data.SqlTypes.SqlString.Null.ToString   IT compiles but i get NULL as text in SQL             IF I Just skip seting of this parametar, My SqlDataSource wont call stored proce              SqlDataSource1.SelectParameters[artsifra].DefaultValue  string.Empty Again no execution of stored proce             Even if I call SqlDataSource1.DataBind nothing cames to sql              GridView1.DataBind               codepre
Negative 325 pIm using Rails 3 and I have an ajax form i.e. remote  true that hits a insert action on my controller.p  pWhat I want is for the user to stay on the index page but be able to display flash messages set by the insert action in the controller.p  pCurrently my insert action does something likep  precodedef insert   begin      perform insert of stuff     flash[success]  Successfully...   rescue     flash[error]  failed ...   end   render nothing gt true end codepre  pThis allows the form on index.html.erb to be submitted and keeps the user on that page but no flash messages show up. How can I get the flash messages to appear guessing it has to do with the render nothing stuff, but without that I get missing template errors in the server log.p
Negative 325 pI created the following routep  precoderoutes.MapRoute     TestRoute4,  Route name     Report refid Test Board,  URL with parameters     new  controller  stats, action  index   Parameter defaults   public ActionResult indexstring refid   codepre  pThis works good but I would now like my controller to know that its been called from a route that matched Report 25 Test Board. Is there a way in MapRoute that I can also pass other things to the controller I dont even mind hardcoding. I just just want to pass the words Report and Test Board.p  pHope you can help, p  pMandyp
Negative 325 pI have a menu, it should work as a click menu, so when clicking the button a menu will appear, and when clicking the button again, the menu should disapear, but i cant get it to work  p  pIve got this scriptp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt       document.readyfunction           dropdown.clickfunction             setTimeoutfunction                 dropdown.attrid, dropdown2                 dropmenu.addClassopen                 dropmenu.fadeInfast             ,500                  dropdown2.clickfunction             setTimeoutfunction                 dropdown.attrid, dropdown                 dropmenu.removeClassopen                 dropmenu.fadeInfast             ,500                     ltscriptgt codepre  pIt works fint when adding the class, but then when im clicking the button again, it wont remove the class openp
Negative 325 pWhy this code gives errorp  precodeincludeltiostreamgt includeltvectorgt using namespace std  int main      char x0,i0     vectorltchargt text     do              coutltlt Enter a char ltlt endl         cingtgtx         ifxlt65xgt90ampampxlt97xgt123                      coutltltOut of RangePlease Enter Lettersltltendl             continue              text.pushbackx       ifxnxN             text.clear             coutltltVector Clearedltltendl             continue                                 coutltlttext.sizeltltendl     coutltltVector now holdsn     fori0ilt signed text.size  i                  coutltlt text[i] ltlt endl              whilexy      cout ltlt Vector size is  ltlt text.size ltlt  Vector Capacity is  ltlt text.capacity ltlt endl     vectorltchargtiterator it  text.begin     for  it  text.end  it         cout ltlt it ltlt endl     cout ltlt Enter Position to delete  ltlt endl      cin gtgt i     text.erasetext.begin  i  1     it  text.begin      for  it  text.end  it         cout ltlt it ltlt endl    codepre  pDebug assertion failure, expression vector iterator  offset out of range.p
Negative 325 pI am working on a dockless application codeLSUIElementcode true. The application pops up a menu when the user clicks on the corresponding codeNSStatusItemcode, or when a keyboard shortcut is used.p  pMy problem is that all methods to pop up a menu programmatically hang whenever the user switches to another application using TAB without dismissing the menu first. I have tried codepopUpMenuPositioningItematLocationinViewcode, codepopUpContextMenuwithEventforViewcode, and the corresponding method on codeNSStatusItemcode codepopUpStatusItemMenucode.p  pIf the user dismisses the menu with the ESC key everything works fine, but if the user switches to a different application, the abovementioned methods never return they seem to run synchronously and return when the menu is dismissed. The application does not crash, and there are a couple of tricks to regain control invoking expos, or clicking on any codeNSStatusItemcode which pops up a menu.p  pThe problem disappears if the application has a dock icon i.e. setting codeLSUIElementcode to false.p  pThis is the code popping up the menu when the keyboard shortcut is usedp  precode[mainMenu popUpMenuPositioningItem[mainMenu itemAtIndex0]                         atLocation[NSEvent mouseLocation]                             inViewnil] codepre  pAnd this is the code popping up the menu when the codeNSStatusItemcode is clickedp  precode voidmouseDownNSEvent event      [statusItem popUpStatusItemMenu[statusItem menu]]  codepre  pThe codemouseDowncode method is in the custom codeNSViewcode attached to the codeNSStatusItemcode.p  pAny idea on how to fix thisp  pThanks for your help.p  h2Updateh2  pThe problem is also linked to the application being activated I use code[NSApp activateIgnoringOtherAppsYES]code before showing the menu, or in some cases it is not possible to navigate the menu with the keyboard.p
Negative 325 pHi Friends i am new to using cocos2d application , and i want to build a grid of images using a single square image. i make that in UIImageview now i want to ask that how can i add that... if i use [self addchild CCNodesquare] it show error .p  pthanks for any help in advancep
Negative 325 pI have a MySQL database accessed by a group of my teammates. Is there any command to get the log information of the users who are currently accessing or who have already accessed and logged outp
Negative 325 pIm using extplorer httpextplorer.sourceforge.net and Im having some issues.p  pThis runs on PHP. p  pI did the following so far Overrode it so that log in is not required, but rather, checks a SESSION var that my own CMS generates upon login in order to secure it.  Installed, and confirmed the filefolder dislpays work for the regular root of the site DOCUMENTROOTp  pstrongWhat Im trying to do now is, each time extplorer is called into an iFrame, I want it to open a different homedir based on a GET var fed through idr35, for example.  However for some odd reason I cannot get this to work.strong p  pI tried all sorts of combinations of code to make this work, and when I printrGLOBALS I definitely see the homedir array holding the path I determine which should be something like pages35folder    as I need to allow my clients to upload small microsites to each page folder. I have notated each result with the error I see under FIrebug when the AJAX module calls the files to list the directory etc. p  precodebrixworkpageid  GET[idr] GLOBALS[homedir]  SERVER[DOCUMENTROOT].pages.brixworkpageid.folder codepre  p did not work. Errorp  precodeltbr gt ltbgtNoticeltbgt  Undefined index idr in ltbgthomesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcadminexplorerincludeinit.phpltbgt on line ltbgt76ltbgtltbr gt ltbr gt ltbgtWarningltbgt  Invalid argument supplied for foreach in ltbgthomesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcadminexplorerincluderesult.class.phpltbgt on line ltbgt100ltbgtltbr gt action,messageThe home directory doesnt exist, check your settings. homesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcpagesfolder,errorThe home directory doesnt exist, check your settings. homesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcpagesfolder,successfalse codepre  pSo I triedp  precodeGLOBALS[homedir]  SERVER[DOCUMENTROOT].pages.GET[idr].folder codepre  palso did not work. Error p  precodeltbr gt ltbgtNoticeltbgt  Undefined index idr in ltbgthomesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcadminexplorerincludeinit.phpltbgt on line ltbgt76ltbgtltbr gt ltbr gt ltbgtWarningltbgt  Invalid argument supplied for foreach in ltbgthomesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcadminexplorerincluderesult.class.phpltbgt on line ltbgt100ltbgtltbr gt action,messageThe home directory doesnt exist, check your settings. homesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcpagesfolder,errorThe home directory doesnt exist, check your settings. homesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcpagesfolder,successfalse codepre  pThen I triedp  precodeGLOBALS[homedir]  SERVER[DOCUMENTROOT].pages.GLOBALS[GET][idr].folder codepre  pneither did this. Error p  precodeltbr gt ltbgtNoticeltbgt  Undefined index idr in ltbgthomesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcadminexplorerincludeinit.phpltbgt on line ltbgt80ltbgtltbr gt ltbr gt ltbgtWarningltbgt  Invalid argument supplied for foreach in ltbgthomesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcadminexplorerincluderesult.class.phpltbgt on line ltbgt100ltbgtltbr gt action,messageThe home directory doesnt exist, check your settings. homesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcpagesfolder,errorThe home directory doesnt exist, check your settings. homesonikaspublichtmlpicnetbcpagesfolder,successfalse codepre  pSo theyre basically more or less the same errors. But the weird thing is, if I want to test this module, and I spit out printrGLOBALS I see the homedir array returning everything including the number that was given, which means that the GET var does get in there somehow. Any help would be appreciated. p
Negative 325 pDear fellow iPhoneObjectiveC developersp  pI am building an iPhone app that will include the FBConnect project to allow users to post data from the app to their wall on Facebook.  Im having problems compiling my code right now because the project is unable to find my FBConnect directory, which is causing me to have about 150 compilation errors.  In my project, I have the Facebook sdk in a directory called, src.  The name of my project is MyProjectFolder, and I have moved the src directory, directly inside the MyProjectFolder directory, such that it is a sibling folder to build, and Classes.  In XCode, I go to Project Menu  Edit project settings and scroll down to User Header Search Path and add the entry, ....src.  I also tried changing this to ..src.  Unfortunately, neither path appears to be working. Am I doing something wrong  How do I include the facebook sdk project folder inside my app directory, and call it in XCode  p  pThanks in advance to all who reply.p
Negative 325 pIve generated a new project inside Eclipse IDE with help of the ADT plugin. Next, I added an intent for enabling Bluetooth in the codeonCreatecode method of my main activity the only activity. I also added BLUETOOTH and BLUETOOTHADMIN permissions and set codeandroidscreenOrientationlandscapecode.p  pNow if I start my application the Bluetooth request dialog comes up many times if you constantly say no to the dialog. I could imagine that this is because of the activity life cycle and screen orientation changes. It seems strange to me because I explicitly set screen orientation to landscape.p  pThen I added codeandroidconfigChangesorientationkeyboardHiddencode. Now my codeonCreatecode method is called only once, thats for sure, because I see my logs But the dialog comes up twice  And what is also interesting I always get one codeonActivityResultcode callback.p  pCould you please help me to understand what is wrong in my applicationmy understanding What should I do to present to the user the request Bluetooth dialog only once p
Negative 325 pIf got a rootViewController which displays a UIScrollView full screen. When I tap the UIScrollview, I want to flip the screen and display a settings screen which also has a second screen, the reason for the navigationController.p  pI am able to display the settings screen by using the following code in my rootViewController code self.navController  [[UINavigationController alloc] initWithRootViewControllerself.settingsViewController] code p  pand than code [self.navController pushViewControllerself.settingsViewController animatedYES] codep  pMy question is When Im done in my settings view, how do I return back to the rootViewController, so the controller class in which I have created the navigation Controller and is therefore not on the stack.p
Negative 325 pIf I have two heads in my repo  C and D which have the common parent of B  and I do an codehg mergecode then a codehg commitcode, what exactly is in that merge changeset  I am trying to understand what I see what I do codehg diff c xyzcode where xyz is the id of the merged changeset.p  pWill the changeset show the diffs of all files modified in C and D vs. the state of those files as they existed in the common parent repository Bp
Negative 325 pIf I have the following codep  precodevar A  Array[Array[Double]]     where A becomes an MxP matrix var B  Array[Array[Double]]     where B becomes an NxP matrix codepre  pWhat are some efficient ways to append one matrix to the other, resulting in a single matrix, as the following pseudocode would suggest  p  precodeval C  A append B     where C is a MNxP matrix codepre  pObviously, one of the dimensions in this case P is held constant.p  pEDIT  So far, both of the provided solutions are growing in the second dimension.  I am trying to hold the second dimension fixed.p
Negative 325 pIve been using it with a new project, but it is also my first time using MongoDB. Defining a schema seems unnecessary because I thought the upside of mongo was that it didnt need defined schemes. Cant I just save objects on the fly no matter the schema Then why would I want to Also the documentation is lacking, making some things I can easily do in the mongo shell harder then they should be. p
Negative 325 pI want to drag a div around using my own jQuery code.p  pThis example on jsfiddle works fine when the mouse movements are slowp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netcraickr7Unhttpjsfiddle.netcraickr7Unap  pBut any fast movement pulls the mouse out of the box and the tracking is lost.p  pjQuery UI draggable doesnt have this problem and tracks just fine regardless of how fast you move a hrefhttpjqueryui.comdemosdraggablehttpjqueryui.comdemosdraggableap  pBut I want to roll my own simple version so that I can integrate it with Raphael, key presses, etc. Ive looked at the jQuery UI draggable source but it is, for me, pretty impenetrable 800 lines.p  pI dont think it is an issue with event bubbling... any ideasp
Negative 325 pstrongUPDATE 2strongp  pOK, got it kind of working by changingp  precodeloginUrl  facebookgtgetLoginUrlarray            canvas gt 1,            fbconnect gt 0,            reqperms gt publishstream,            next gt http.SERVER[SERVERNAME].success.php,            cancelurl gt http.SERVER[SERVERNAME].cancel.php          codepre  pto thisp  precodeloginUrl  facebookgtgetLoginUrlarray            canvas gt 1,            fbconnect gt 0,            reqperms gt publishstream,            next gt http.SERVER[SERVERNAME].success.php,            cancelurl gt http.SERVER[SERVERNAME].cancel.php                  headerLocation .loginUrl codepre  pi.e. I added the codeheaderLocation .loginUrlcode.p  pBut the page is behaving strangely.  I have to navigate to the page, login, then refresh the page, login again, then it will ask me for permission to post to the page, and eventually it posts to the page.p  pWhy do I have to login twicep  pstrongUPDATE 1strongp  pI now have the following script which does not seem to be working.  At this state, I am just trying to post to my own wall, but will eventually want to post to a friends wall toop  precodeltphp                  Copyright 2011 Facebook, Inc.             Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 the License you may       not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain       a copy of the License at                 httpwww.apache.orglicensesLICENSE2.0             Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software       distributed under the License is distributed on an AS IS BASIS, WITHOUT       WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the       License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations       under the License.             require facebook.php       Create our Application instance replace this with your appId and secret.     facebook  new Facebookarray         appId  gt ltappId removed for security reasonsgt,         secret gt ltsecret removed for security reasonsgt,         cookie gt true,            We may or may not have this data based on a GET or COOKIE based session.           If we get a session here, it means we found a correctly signed session using      the Application Secret only Facebook and the Application know. We dont know      if it is still valid until we make an API call using the session. A session      can become invalid if it has already expired should not be getting the      session back in this case or if the user logged out of Facebook.     session  facebookgtgetSession      me  null      Session based API call.     if session          try              uid  facebookgtgetUser             me  facebookgtapime              post  facebookgtapimefeed, POST,  arraymessage gt Hello Im using the FB Graph API          catch FacebookApiException e              errorloge                     login or logout url will be needed depending on current user state.     if me          logoutUrl  facebookgtgetLogoutUrl      else          loginUrl  facebookgtgetLoginUrlarray            canvas gt 1,            fbconnect gt 0,            reqperms gt publishstream,            next gt http.SERVER[SERVERNAME].success.php,            cancelurl gt http.SERVER[SERVERNAME].cancel.php                gt  ltdoctype htmlgt lthtml xmlnsfbhttpwww.facebook.com2008fbmlgt     ltheadgt         lttitlegtphpsdklttitlegt          ltstylegt             body                  fontfamily Lucida Grande, Verdana, Arial, sansserif                           h1 a                  textdecoration none                 color 3b5998                           h1 ahover                  textdecoration underline                      ltstylegt     ltheadgt      ltbodygt     lt         We use the JS SDK to provide a richer user experience. For more info,         look here httpgithub.comfacebookconnectjs     gt         ltdiv idfbrootgtltdivgt         ltscriptgt         window.fbAsyncInit  function              FB.init                 appId    ltphp echo facebookgtgetAppId gt,                 session  ltphp echo jsonencodesession gt,  dont refetch the session when PHP already has it                 status   true,  check login status                 cookie   true,  enable cookies to allow the server to access the session                 xfbml    true  parse XFBML                            whenever the user logs in, we refresh the page             FB.Event.subscribeauth.login, function                  window.location.reload                                function              var e  document.createElementscript             e.src  document.location.protocol  connect.facebook.netenUSall.js             e.async  true             document.getElementByIdfbroot.appendChilde              ltscriptgt       lth1gtlta hrefexample.phpgtphpsdkltagtlth1gt      ltphp if me gt         lta hrefltphp echo logoutUrl gtgt             ltimg srchttpstatic.ak.fbcdn.netrsrc.phpz2Y31hashcxrz4k7j.gifgt         ltagt     ltphp else gt         ltdivgt             Using JavaScript ampamp XFBML ltfbloginbuttongtltfbloginbuttongt         ltdivgt     ltphp endif gt      lth3gtSessionlth3gt     ltphp if me gt         ltpregtltphp printrsession gtltpregt          lth3gtYoulth3gt         ltimg srchttpsgraph.facebook.comltphp echo uid gtpicturegt         ltphp echo me[name] gt          lth3gtYour User Objectlth3gt         ltpregtltphp printrme gtltpregt     ltphp else gt         ltstronggtltemgtYou are not Connected.ltemgtltstronggt     ltphp endif gt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pI get the following errorp  precode[Wed Apr 27 222816 2011] [error] [client ltip address removed for security reasonsgt] OAuthException 200 The user hasnt authorized the application to perform this action, referer httpltip address removed for security reasonsgtindex.php codepre  pstrongORIGINAL QUESITONstrongp  pI have the following working script which allows someone to login to my page using their facebook details, I can then capture their accesstoken so I can use it with the graph apip  precodeltphp                  Copyright 2011 Facebook, Inc.             Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 the License you may       not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain       a copy of the License at                 httpwww.apache.orglicensesLICENSE2.0             Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software       distributed under the License is distributed on an AS IS BASIS, WITHOUT       WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the       License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations       under the License.             require facebook.php       Create our Application instance replace this with your appId and secret.     facebook  new Facebookarray         appId  gt app id goes here,         secret gt secret id goes here,         cookie gt true,            We may or may not have this data based on a GET or COOKIE based session.           If we get a session here, it means we found a correctly signed session using      the Application Secret only Facebook and the Application know. We dont know      if it is still valid until we make an API call using the session. A session      can become invalid if it has already expired should not be getting the      session back in this case or if the user logged out of Facebook.     session  facebookgtgetSession      me  null      Session based API call.     if session          try              uid  facebookgtgetUser             me  facebookgtapime          catch FacebookApiException e              errorloge                     login or logout url will be needed depending on current user state.     if me          logoutUrl  facebookgtgetLogoutUrl      else          loginUrl  facebookgtgetLoginUrl       gt  ltdoctype htmlgt lthtml xmlnsfbhttpwww.facebook.com2008fbmlgt     ltheadgt         lttitlegtphpsdklttitlegt          ltstylegt             body                  fontfamily Lucida Grande, Verdana, Arial, sansserif                           h1 a                  textdecoration none                 color 3b5998                           h1 ahover                  textdecoration underline                      ltstylegt     ltheadgt      ltbodygt     lt         We use the JS SDK to provide a richer user experience. For more info,         look here httpgithub.comfacebookconnectjs     gt         ltdiv idfbrootgtltdivgt         ltscriptgt         window.fbAsyncInit  function              FB.init                 appId    ltphp echo facebookgtgetAppId gt,                 session  ltphp echo jsonencodesession gt,  dont refetch the session when PHP already has it                 status   true,  check login status                 cookie   true,  enable cookies to allow the server to access the session                 xfbml    true  parse XFBML                            whenever the user logs in, we refresh the page             FB.Event.subscribeauth.login, function                  window.location.reload                                function              var e  document.createElementscript             e.src  document.location.protocol  connect.facebook.netenUSall.js             e.async  true             document.getElementByIdfbroot.appendChilde              ltscriptgt       lth1gtlta hrefexample.phpgtphpsdkltagtlth1gt      ltphp if me gt         lta hrefltphp echo logoutUrl gtgt             ltimg srchttpstatic.ak.fbcdn.netrsrc.phpz2Y31hashcxrz4k7j.gifgt         ltagt     ltphp else gt         ltdivgt             Using JavaScript ampamp XFBML ltfbloginbuttongtltfbloginbuttongt         ltdivgt     ltphp endif gt      lth3gtSessionlth3gt     ltphp if me gt         ltpregtltphp printrsession gtltpregt          lth3gtYoulth3gt         ltimg srchttpsgraph.facebook.comltphp echo uid gtpicturegt         ltphp echo me[name] gt          lth3gtYour User Objectlth3gt         ltpregtltphp printrme gtltpregt     ltphp else gt         ltstronggtltemgtYou are not Connected.ltemgtltstronggt     ltphp endif gt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pOnce the user has logged in, I understand that I can get a list of their friends viap  precodehttpsgraph.facebook.commefriendsaccesstoken... codepre  pWhat I cant figure out is how to use extended permissions, so my app can post to the users friends facebook walls.p  pApparently I am supposed to use extended permissons plus the followingp  precodecurl F accesstoken...       F messageHello, Arjun. I like this new API.       httpsgraph.facebook.comarjunfeed codepre  pI dont understand how I am supposed to do this from PHP.p
Negative 325 pIm sure this is a common problem for many web applications these days. What is the best way to reuse html templates so that youre not doubling up when you initially render the page and when new things are added to that pagep  ol lipI could render the HTML page like normal, but not populate any of the data specifically. Then, each section of the page would be responsible for rendering itself using Javascript. The good thing about this method is that javascript is used to render all of the content that is updatable.  Theres also a really nice separation of concerns here, where each section on a page does its own thing.p  pThe drawback is that I am making multiple requests to the server per page as it loads up.pli lipI could send HTML fragments generated by the server and just prependappend them to whatever part of the page. This makes the initial loading of the page very fast. It also reuses the same serverside template code, so there is also no duplication. p  pThe drawback is that I cant inspect it further. The other drawback is that prependappend is pretty limited. What if I want to maintain how it is sorted If its alphabetical, the user will have to refresh the screen anyway to get the proper sort order. If the results are paged, this is even more troublesome to do.pli lipI could send a JSON data structure, just as in 1  however, I could also add the fully generated html template. This would give me the power to inspect the object first before deciding how to prependappend it to the page.p  pThe only real drawback here is that I would have to call into Freemarker manually in my controllers I am using Spring 3.0.x MVC. This is typically done for me automatically. I am sure theres a way to do this, but Id have to spend some time investigating how.p  pEffectively, this gives me all the benefits of 1 and 2, but it is also the most complex solution. The data transferred is also higher than the other two solutions... but perhaps that cant be helped.pli ol  pWhich way is considered best Any other approaches The app I am building is really complex, and is going to use A LOT of ajax. The equivalent HTMLonly version is just not possible. In fact, Im not even going to build the app so that nonJavascript users can use it. Oh well. So keep that in mind when you answer p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm about to embark on a new Document Management SystemKnowledgebase system using ASP.Net and Im wondering what are the best practices and design issues I need to consider before starting up. I am a learning software engineer and I would like to develop my software engineering skills with this project.p
Negative 325 pLets say Ive got a textbox and an attached property called Foo.Bar.p  precodeltTextbox localFoo.Bar5 gt codepre  pDoes the attached property hold a strong reference to the textbox p
Negative 325 pI have a multiple select box that.My exact need is when am pressing on a button in the same form I need to get all these selected values using javascript. How can I do thatp
Negative 325 pIs there a way to retrieve the absolute path of url httplocalhost8080myApp in java. The scenario is, i need to connect to csv file located in tomcat server. The statement works well if I enter the absolute path, but is there a solution to retrieve urls path using getAbsolutePath.Sorry if Im wrong.p  precodeConnection conn  DriverManagergetConnectionjdbcreliquecsvhomeapachetomcat6.0.26webappsmyApp codepre  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pI want to search a word inside a string  For example  let the String be codeThisIsFile.javacode and let i want to search codeFile.javacode or codeIsFilecodep  pThis is something like sql codelikecode query  but unfortunately i am not  getting that string from database.p  pPlease suggest me any good solution for this. Thanksp
Negative 325 pHow can I retrieve a thread dump from a running Java process on OpenVMS The process is not JMXenabled. I am looking for something similar to codekill QUITcode on Unix or codeCtrlBreakcode on Windows.p  pEDIT I found my answer here a hrefhttph18012.www1.hp.comjavadocumentation1.6.0ivmsdocsuserguide.htmljavaenablesigquitmailbox relnofollowhttph18012.www1.hp.comjavadocumentation1.6.0ivmsdocsuserguide.htmljavaenablesigquitmailboxap
Negative 325 pCan MKStoreKit be used for autorenew inapp purchases Where in the code do I send up the shared secretp  pAnyone have any experience with using MKStoreKit for autorenewal inapp subscriptionsp
Negative 325 pIm trying to build a web app to handle guest lists for an event. Its basicly a long list of names, but then I want to be able to click a name and get some info in a sidebar.p  pMy normal aproach is to do some codeid25code for example, and just load the appropriate info based on that.p  pBut when making such links for the guests, I get kicked out of the app and Safari opens up the link. Do I have to use Ajax, or is there some way to make links work within the app, since its just an index.php file.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to create an automation script for a website using Ruby with Watir. p  pI ran into a situation where I have to choose Yes or No in an alert box. The problem is that I am not able to identify the alert box as a component of the page so that I can obtain its identifier and use it to select an option.p  pI found some information how to create an alert box, but I need to navigate through one. Can anyone help me outp
Negative 325 pHow can you twoway bind a hierarchical data structure to a flat wpf datagridp  pThe application interface model is strongiTunesstrong  I am looking for the datagrid to appear flat not a masterdetail grid.  The user sees rows containing an Artist, Album, and Song but the data is stored hierarchically where an Artist contains a list of Albums which contains a list of Songs.  p  pWhen the user renames an Album, the hierarchy automatically finds or creates the new Album based on Album.Name for the given Artist, and moves the Song to the Album.p  pAdding a translation layer between the flat data and the hierarchical data seems like a poor solution.p  pstrongUpdate 1strong br After reading through the answers, it appears achieving what Ive described above cant be done without a lot of work behind the scenes.  It seems I should reconsider representing my data in this fashion. p
Negative 325 pI have been reading the book of Windows via CC. In chapter 8,page 215,the author compared the performance of synchronization mechanism. And I found the poor performance of mutex.When 4 threads run simultaneously, it spent more than strongtwenty three secondsstrong for the mutex synchronization.p  pWhy is the Win32 mutex so timeconsuming And when can we use a mutexp  pPS I posted the test code in GitHub a hrefhttpsgist.github.com985198 relnofollowhttpsgist.github.com985198ap  pThanks for your replies.p
Negative 325 pIve been using cruisecontrol.net as a service account. Recently we changed the account password, and from then cruisecontrol web page will not load. It says  p  pService Unavailable HTTP Error 503. The service is unavailable.p  pAfter changing the credentials, I changed the logon details of the service in services.msc. I changed the logon details in IIS also. But still the same error is coming up.p  pAm I missing something Can anyone share me the complete steps to be followed while changing the service account credentials of cruisecontrol.net.p  pThanks.p
Negative 325 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4379092isitpossibletolikeafacebookpageviatheapiIs it possible to LIKE a Facebook Page via the APIa  p blockquote    pHow can I make a user who has granted facebook permission for my application to programmability make him like a specific facebook page on his behalf  C MVC codep
Negative 325 pIm sure this is possible, I just cant seem to figure it out.p  pIm building a Chrome Extension, and I have set an API URL, which is userspecific, in localStorage[url].  However, I need to add it to the permissions in my manifest.json file.  It seems that I dont have access to localStorage in manifest, though.p  pIs there a way to do thisp
Negative 325 phow can I easily take the followingp  precode[4] codepre  pand return the followingp  precode4 codepre  pI know that [4]0 works but doesnt seem to be a good strategy...p
Negative 325 pI have a list of strings like this p  h1listh1  precodeaatt aaga aaac gtag  the real list have thousands of strings  codepre  pthe optimal desired result is a tabular separated file like thisp  precode0       1       2       3 a75   a75   a50   a25 g25   t25   g25   c25                 t25   g25                         t25 codepre  pthe header is not necessaryp  pI made a bash script to do it, but now Im learning python and I would like to do with it.p  pThis is my bash codep  precodebinbash  for i in echo 1 2 3 4   do echo i ampamp cat FILE  grep N v  awk F  print i  awk f .WC   done codepre  pwhere WC is the following wordcounterp  precodeBEGIN      FS[azAZ]        for i1 iltNF i           words[toupperi]  END      for i in words          print i, words[i]  codepre
Negative 325 pIm generating a lineshift reportp  pIn my application, Im providing a dropdownlist for selecting shift and line and they will select a date from calenderp  pI have 3 shiftsp  ul lishift1 starts at 7am and ends at 3pmli lishift2 starts at 3pm and ends at 11pmli lishift3 starts at 11pm and ends at 3amli ul  pI have a table called codedataloggingcode where login information will be stored as shown belowp  precodeName       Shiftname       ID          operatorname   Date           plantname    line     Machine Pradeepa  Shift2117     3           Operator 3     20110528     Plant 3      Line5    mc10 Ashwini   Shift173      1           Operator 1     20110529     Plant 3      Line6    mc12 Deepika   Shift2117     2           Operator 3     20110529     Plant 5      Line9    mc18 Ashwini   Shift173      1           Operator 1     20110524     Plant 1      Line1    mc1 Deepika   Shift2311     2           Operator 2     20110524     Plant 2      Line3    mc5 Ashwini   Shift2311     1           Operator 2     20110525     Plant 2      Line3    mc5 codepre  pand so on..p  pI have a parameter table like temperature,pressure,ph,speed,co2 etcp  pcodeTemperaturecode table contains following data and this table will contains all the reading from 7am to till 3amp  precodeTemperature      Time              Date 27               131354.000      20110525 27.3             131404.000      20110525  27.6             131414.000      20110525  27.9             131424.000      20110525 28.2             131434.000      20110525  28.5             131444.000      20110525  27               161329.000      20110526  27               161331.000      20110526  codepre  pand so on..p  pThe user will select a line from dropdownlist and shift and he will select a date from th calender If the user select shift2,line3 and date 25052011 what are the readings are there between 3pm to 11pm should be displayed in my reportp  pMy report should look likep  precodeMachine     Shiftname   Date               Time             Temperature mc5         Shift2      25052011         131354.000     27 mc5         Shift2      25052011         131404.000     27.3 mc5         Shift2      25052011         131414.000     27.6 codepre  pIm also doing lineday reportp  pwhere shiftname should change according to time for eg if time changes to 230000 shiftname should change to shift3 in my reportp  pif the user select particular shift and date for eg if the user selects shift1,line1 and date my report should contain all reading between 7am to 3pmp  pcan any one help me on this.p
Negative 325 pIm working on a project thats upgrading a emveryem old and considerably large program written extensively with COM  MFC to using WPF  managed .NET components, and part of it is trying to port over old COM interfaces declared in IDLs to managed C interfaces.  Whats the difference between interfaces declared inside and outside library blocks p
Negative 325 pI was wondering if there is some kind of shell that would just listen to user input with a line buffer and run in internally from within main method, including jdk on classpath. So that it would look like JavaScript console in browsers or groovy console. It would be handy for testing snippets of code.p  pOne could just write this into the shell and hit returnp  precodeMapltString, Stringgt env  System.getenv for String envName  env.keySet      System.out.formatssn, envName, env.getenvName  codepre  pThis is what bsh.Interpreter can do. But I find it very hard to use. I cannot move backleft with cursor on the shell line... [[D[[D[[D  .... I can only delete last characters. Not sure if it is OS specific Im on linux but it is very inconvenient...p  pI mean something in Java language, not Jruby, Jython or Groovyp
Negative 325 pI have completed my website couple months ago, in php 5 full oop, and now Im think of migrating into PHP framework Zend looks fine.p  pMy question is, how hard is it to migrate from oop to any php framework What is the easiest Framework i can migrate top  pstrongNoting that Functionality of my website depends onstrongp  ol liA lot of MySQL Searching and Updating.li liThere is a lot of forms in the web, some of them can reach more than 50 fields.li liA lot of classes that handle logic of website specially analyze submitted forms with data on database.li ol  pI have no experience with php frameworks, so can you please tell me which framework would be least painful to move all my classes there and get them running fastp
Negative 325 pHow do I convert UK date to mySQL Datep  pFor example I select a date from a calender 07062011p  pNow I want it to conver it to YYYYMMDD so I can use it in the WHERE queryp
Negative 325 pIs it possible to add an overlay image on top of a map added in my app I am using MapKit to show the map of an area. I would like to add an overlay image on top of the map before the pins show upp  pi.e. the stack should be strongmapimage overlaypinsstrongp  pIs it possible without going into the hierarchy of views  get all subviews of the view and then add an image just on top of the mapp  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI have LinkedList which contains lets say an element of type [q0q1]. I would like to convert that to a LinkedList that contains the same element but they should be in [q0,q1]  the size of the linked list to be 2 as opposed to the [q0q1] which has a size of one.p  pCould you suggest me how to do that p  pThank you.p
Negative 325 pIm trying to do the following with a modified version of the echo server example that comes with the cocoaasyncsocket library  p  p1 open a connection to a python script acting as a serverbr 2 send data  works, but delegate doesnt firebr 3 receive data back  delegate doesnt firebr 4 disconnect  doesnt disconnect, apparently still in my threadp  pCurrently I open a connection in the didFinishLaunchingWithOptions delegate, and then attempt to send data in the didConnectToHost delegate. I then attempt to read data coming back from the client and then disconnect.p  pI am able to open a connection and send data which the server verifies as received but the didWriteDataWithTag delegate never fires. However, the server receive the data. The server then fires back some data, but the didReadData doesnt fire either.p  pBeside the fact the readwrite delegates arent firing, it seems the way Im organizing my code is not right, but Im not sure how this looks in an eventdriven system as opposed to run loop Im a novice at eventdriven stuff  networking. If I have a series of actions whose respective completions are triggered by their delegates, should the delegates be sharing some sort of messages ie we recieved an xxx message, write back yyy Id prefer to have one function which manages all of this. Is there a canonical way of doing thisp  pstrongIPhoneConnectTestAppDelegate.mstrong snippetsp  precode voidlocalConnect      NSError error  nil     if [asyncSocket connectToHostlocalhost onPort5000 erroramperror]          DDLogErrorError connecting , error         voiddisconnect      [asyncSocket setDelegatenil]     [asyncSocket disconnect]     [asyncSocket release]    BOOLapplicationUIApplication application didFinishLaunchingWithOptionsNSDictionary launchOptions       Setup our socket GCDAsyncSocket.     dispatchqueuet mainQueue  dispatchgetmainqueue     asyncSocket  [[GCDAsyncSocket alloc] initWithDelegateself delegateQueuemainQueue]      [self localConnect]       Add the view controllers view to the window and display.     [window addSubviewviewController.view]     [window makeKeyAndVisible]     voidonSocketGCDAsyncSocket sock didReadDataNSData data withTaglongtag      NSString output  [[NSString alloc] initWithDatadata encodingNSASCIIStringEncoding]     NSLogdidReadData , output     voidonSocketGCDAsyncSocket sock didWriteDataWithTaglongtag      NSLogdidWriteDataWithTag    voidsocketGCDAsyncSocket sock didConnectToHostNSString host portUInt16port      NSLogsocketp didConnectToHost porthu, sock, host, port     ifport  5000              NSString msg  q         NSData dataOut  [msg dataUsingEncodingNSASCIIStringEncoding]         [asyncSocket writeDatadataOut withTimeout1 tag0]         [asyncSocket readDataWithTimeout1 tag0]         [self disconnect]       codepre  pstrongtcpserver.pystrongp  precode TCP server example import socket, time serversocket  socket.socketsocket.AFINET, socket.SOCKSTREAM serversocket.bind, 5000 serversocket.listen5  print TCPServer Waiting for client on port 5000  while 1     clientsocket, address  serversocket.accept     print I got a connection from , address     while 1         data  clientsocket.recv512         print Data from client,data          time.sleep2         data  xxx         print Sending data to client,data         clientsocket.send data         break codepre
Negative 325 pI have a report which uses a dataset returned from a stored procedure.  There are two key columns strongNamestrong and strongValuestrongp  pI am using this dataset for two tablixes. The first is just a straightforward tablix displaying the data.p  pThe second groups the data based on a strongNamestrong column. I need to order this data based on the Sum of strongValuestrong columnp  pHowever I get the following errorp  blockquote   p[rsAggregateInDataRowSortExpression] A   sort expression for the tablix   table1 includes an aggregate   function.  Aggregate functions cannot   be used in data row sort expressions.p blockquote  pIs there another way I can show the data grouped by name and still order it by SumValuep
Negative 325 pHi all experienced out there. Im not so good at English but Ill try to describe my problem.p  pIm trying to learn this with DIVs and its positions, and has stuck with a small thing.p  pI will try to describe it I have a main DIV with fixed height and width, and in that I want have lots of small DIVs to float freely. I have more small DIVs than can fit in the main DIV. Then it seems that by default is disappear small DIVs strongdownstrong outside the main DIV. I want them instead to disappear to the right.p  pThe point is that I want to trigger a horizontal scrollbar, but no vertical. I tested this with codewhitespace nowrapcode as described here a hrefhttpwww.webmasterworld.comforum838844.htm relnofollowhttpwww.webmasterworld.comforum838844.htma And it works perfect if I have only text or images in the main DIV. But how do I do when the main DIV contains only small DIVsp  pThanks in advance...p
Negative 325 pIm working on asset tracking application. I have devices that send update on GPS position every 5 minutes.p  pNow I need to create report that shows me when asset started to move, when stopped and for how long, etc. Basically, I need to GROUP this data.p  pProblem I have is that GPS data not accurate. If device laying on a same spot  it will send different latlon with different accuracy creating noisy data.p  pWhat is the most efficient way to analyze such data Or maybe there is ways to make it clean as I collect it Any suggestions p  pLittle bit openended question but Id like any ideas you can give me p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTwxRl.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pIve installed Python 2.7.2 on my Windows XP computer.p  pI recently installed SQLAlchemy 0.7.1 using python setup.py install. During the installation, I got the following error messagesp  precodebytecompiling CPython27Libsitepackagessqlalchemysqlvisitors.py to visitors.pyc SyntaxError invalid syntax, CPython27Libsitepackagessqlalchemysqlvisitors.py, 66, 34, class Visitableobject, metaclassVisitableTypen codepre  pWhen I try to codeimport sqlalchemycode, I get the following stack tracep  precodegtgtgt import sqlalchemy Traceback most recent call last File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt File CPython27libsitepackagessqlalchemyinit.py, line 12, in ltmodulegt   from sqlalchemy.sql import  File CPython27libsitepackagessqlalchemysqlinit.py, line 7, in ltmodulegt from sqlalchemy.sql.expression import  File CPython27libsitepackagessqlalchemysqlexpression.py, line 32, in ltmodulegt from sqlalchemy import util, exc File CPython27libsitepackagessqlalchemyutilinit.py, line 7, in ltmodulegt from .compat import callable, cmp, reduce, defaultdict, py25dict,  File CPython27libsitepackagessqlalchemyutilcompat.py, line 93, in ltmodulegt callable  builtin.callable NameError name builtin is not defined codepre  pOther scripts work fine and all the functions in codebuiltincode seem to be available.p  pI cant find any examples of similar problems on Google or in the SQLAlchemy documentation.p  pWhats wrongp  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pUncommenting codeimport builtincode in compat.py removed the first problem. Now I seem to have problems with visitors.pyp  precodegtgtgt import sqlalchemy Traceback most recent call last File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt File CPython27libsitepackagessqlalchemyinit.py, line 12, in ltmodulegt from sqlalchemy.sql import  File CPython27libsitepackagessqlalchemysqlinit.py, line 7, in ltmodulegt from sqlalchemy.sql.expression import  File CPython27libsitepackagessqlalchemysqlexpression.py, line 35, in ltmodulegt from sqlalchemy.sql.visitors import Visitable, clonedtraverse File CPython27libsitepackagessqlalchemysqlvisitors.py, line 66 class Visitableobject, metaclassVisitableType                                   SyntaxError invalid syntax codepre
Negative 325 pI was trying to execute a script n times with  a different file as argument each time using thisp  precodels userlocal.log  xargs script.pl codepre  pscript.pl accepts file name as argumentp  pBut the script is executed only once. How to resolve this  Am I not doing it correctly  p
Negative 325 pIn Interface Builder for Cocoa applications, there are two objects in the Library pane  Vertical Separator and Horizontal Separator. These two objects are nice to have to lay out views just the way I like them. However, when I started in Cocoa Touch a year or two ago I noticed those two objects were not there.p  pWhy is it that the Vertical and Horizontal separators that are present in the Object Library in the Cocoa environment are not there when a Cocoa Touch codexibcode is loaded upp  pAs a concession, I know I can accomplish the same task by utilizing a UIImageView, but its not exactly the same.p
Negative 325 pIm starting my first Sinatra App and Im trying to use DataMapper. Everything is in the very early stages, as I cant get it to actually create the DB. I get LoadError no such file to load  dmsqliteadapter when I try to visit my page. p  pHeres the code from my Sinatra App so far p  precoderequire rubygems require sinatra require dmcore require dmtimestamps  Also tried require datamapper , but the same issue shows up  DataMappersetupdefault, sqlite3Dir.pwdraffle.db  class Raffle      include DataMapperResource      property id,           Serial     property firstName,    String     property lastName,     String     property email,        String     property createdat,   DateTime  end   Create, upgrade, or migrate DB Tables DataMapper.autoupgrade codepre  pI have the gems installed, as gem list outputs p  precode LOCAL GEMS   activemodel 3.0.9, 3.0.3 activerecord 3.0.9, 3.0.3 activesupport 3.0.9, 3.0.3 addressable 2.2.6 arel 2.0.10, 2.0.4 bcryptruby 2.1.4 builder 2.1.2 bundler 1.0.15 dataobjects 0.10.6 datamapper 1.1.0 difflcs 1.1.2 dmaggregates 1.1.0 dmconstraints 1.1.0 dmcore 1.1.0 dmmigrations 1.1.0 dmserializer 1.1.0 dmtimestamps 1.1.0 dmtransactions 1.1.0 dmtypes 1.1.0 dmvalidations 1.1.0 dosqlite3 0.10.6 fastercsv 1.5.4 ffi 0.6.3 i18n 0.5.0, 0.4.2 json 1.5.3, 1.4.6 mimetypes 1.16 rack 1.3.0, 1.2.1 racktest 0.5.6 rake 0.8.7 requireall 1.2.0 rspec 2.6.0 rspeccore 2.6.4 rspecexpectations 2.6.0 rspecmocks 2.6.0 shotgun 0.9 sinatra 1.2.6, 1.1.0 sqlite3 0.1.1 stringex 1.2.1 tilt 1.3.2, 1.1 typhoeus 0.2.4, 0.2.0 tzinfo 0.3.29, 0.3.23 uuidtools 2.1.2 codepre  pAny adviceinsight is always appreciated. p
Negative 325 pI have a form of radio check boxes yesno, which I want to have dynamically update values as people click on the values.p  pSo for example, if the user clicks on a No radio box, jQuery should submit the value immediately to my PHP which will update my database at that moment.p  pIt should go both ways, meaning that when the form is first loaded, it will pull the data in reverse from my PHP form that will query the database and then update the form with the proper YesNo values.p  pI have the PHPMysql backend already prepared.  What I cant figure out is how to do the jQuery portion to submit the values on the fly, and at the same time on initial load it will pull the values and fill in my form with the correctcurrent values.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm building a web app that makes use of the Google Maps API and have run across a small math problem. p  pI have a center point in latlng and an area in kilometres. How would I calculate the NE and SW latlng points for a bounding box Thanks.p
Negative 325 ul liAre closures possible in PHP 5.3li liIm looking for a simple closure example, minimal code is appreciated.li liIf closures are possible in PHP 5.3, does it behave similarly to Javascripts closures in terms of scopingli liWhat are the difference between Javascript closures and PHP closures if it existsli ul
Negative 325 pHow can I create a widget from the Javascript. For example I need to create a simple button or table . I have some thirdaparty javascripts which draw tables. Now if I want to create GWT widget by using those javascript what should I do first How other frameworks like GWTExt,SmartGWT, are using custom Widgets Are they starting from the scratch or They reuse the GWT widget functionality Like if I want to create one table in my own style, do I need to inherit GWT Tablecan anybody give one example or sample code how to create a widget from the javascript If my questions are wrong please excuse me.p  pexamplep  pMytable table  new Mytable2,3. then it should draw  my own table with 2 columns and 3 rowsp
Negative 325 pI want to include codeltscript srcie.jsgtcode if the browser is IE.p  pOtherwise, include codeall.jscode for all other browsers.p  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 325 pstrongSOLVEDstrong  wasnt linking to the most recent release of jQuerys js files. Silly mep  pI know what is causing this problem, but I dont know how to fix it or why it is doing this.p  pOn my mobile site a hrefhttpm.incrediblebats.comindex.html relnofollowm.incrediblebats.coma I have an image in the header. The problem is when I use the native Android browserhavent tried on other browser apps yet the button I touch does go to the right page, but the highlight that is supposed to be around the button when you touch it is on the button below it.p  pHere are the methods I have tried with the same resultp  ul liimg in header divli lidiv wrapped img header divli lidiv with backgroundimg and height styles applied in css fileli ul  pFor the last method if I set the height to something smaller than my image size like 10px I dont have this issue.p  pIm thinking that the header div can only be so big Maybe it doesnt like height to exceed a certain sizep  pAnyway here is my current code for the body section.p  precodeltbodygt     ltdiv datarolepage datathemeagt         ltdiv dataroleheadergt             ltimg srcimagesheader.jpg altIncredible Bats gt         ltdivgt         ltdiv datarolecontentgt lta hrefabout.html datarolebutton datathemea datatransitionfadegtAbout Usltagt  lta hrefbatshows.html datarolebutton datathemeagtLive Bat Showsltagt  lta hrefourbats.html datarolebutton datathemeagtOur Batsltagt  lta hrefcontact.html datarolebutton datathemeagtContact Informationltagt                ltimg srcimagesbg.gif idbgimg altbats emerging gt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classfootergt             ltpgtCopyright  19982011 AFTAGC  lta hrefwww.incrediblebats.comgtFull Siteltagt             ltpgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltbodygt codepre
Negative 325 pThis should be a very basic question about backbone.js, I am a complete beginner in javascriptbackbone.js, I have read several tutorials, but I do not manage to do a fairly simple task fetching a list of entries from a database.p  pThe whole applications is on Google App Engine. The database already includes several entries words, and I used Flask to send JSON representations of the entries.p  pHere is the function I used for this taskp  precodewordbook.routewords, methodsGET, POST def wordlist     return retrievewords   def retrievewords     content  json.dumps[word.todict for word in Word.all]     response  makeresponsecontent     response.mimetype  applicationjson     return response codepre  pSo, as far as I understand the way the program will be working, my backbone application will be at the root of the website, he will ask the words URL to get some data from the database in a certain format called JSON, so that the application can use it freely.p  pI assume the URL codehttplocalhost8080wordscode is correct, since the output is the followingp  precode[word keyboard, key ahB2b2NhYnVsYXJpdW0tYXBwcgoLEgRXb3JkGAEM, language en, nature noun, usage Plural keyboards, gender , word keyboard, key ahB2b2NhYnVsYXJpdW0tYXBwcgoLEgRXb3JkGBoM, language en, nature verb, usage Regular verb, gender , word  mouse, key ahB2b2NhYnVsYXJpdW0tYXBwcgoLEgRXb3JkGB4M, language en, nature noun, usage Plural  mousemice, gender , word  mouse, key ahB2b2NhYnVsYXJpdW0tYXBwcgoLEgRXb3JkGDIM, language en, nature verb, usage Regular verb, gender , word  hard, key ahB2b2NhYnVsYXJpdW0tYXBwcgoLEgRXb3JkGDoM, language en, nature adj, usage Comparative  harder, superlative  hardest, gender ...] codepre  pAt the root of the website, I have a blank webpage I want to start with very simple tasks first, with a simple javascript file along with the dependencies, json2, jQuery, underscore, and backbone.p  pI am a beginner in javascript, so I used Coffeescript because the syntax is relatively similar to what I actually know in python, so I thought the learning curve would be less steep. Here is my coffee file thusp  precodeclass Word extends Backbone.Model  class WordList extends Backbone.Collection     model Word     url words  Words  new WordList  class WordView extends Backbone.View     tagName p     render gt       word  model.get word       el.html word         class WordListView extends Backbone.View             el  body     initialize gt       .bindAll , addOne, addAll       Words.bind add,     addOne       Words.bind refresh, addAll       Words.fetch      addOne word gt         view  new WordView model word       . body.append view.render.el      addAll gt       Words.each addOne     gt  WordList  new WordListView codepre  pTo sum up what I have written here, I have created a model called Word, and a collection which contains all the words. This collection should fetch all the data from the server using the JSON URL. Each word can be rendered with their own specific view WordView, in a paragraph p. In the application view WordListView, I simply bind the add action to the addOne function, as well as the refresh action to the addAll function. And I try to fetch all the words at this time. The addOne function creates a new view of the corresponding word, and appends to the body a new paragraph that should contain the word. Everytime a new word is added, the binding triggers the addOne function, rendering each word.p  pI dont know if I have got the right way to think.p
Negative 325 pThis is a question I probably should have asked sooner but didnt in my rush to have fun with pinvoke type stuff in MonoTouch.p  pBasically I have a problem with performance pertaining to a very large number of floating point operations, specifically ones involving minmax functions, vector multiplication and simlar stuff basically detecting if different kinds of shapes are intersecting or not.p  pThe reason for these operations is because of a 2D physics engine written in C.p  pOn some platforms such as Windows Phone 7 and the Xbox 360 the physics engine runs without any hitches, it steals some CPU cycles but leaves plenty to ensure the game is running at a steady framerate.p  pThe problem is in MonoTouch running on the iPhone. It appears MonoToch is not all that great with so many floating point operations and the iPhone and EVEN the iPad 2 finds itself being severely impacted and physics being the obvious performance bottleneck. Ive a hrefhttpi.imgur.comFX25h.png relnofollowprofiled the performancea and it comes down to a set of relatively basic math functions as a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6597847optimizationofagclanguageanyideasI mentioned beforea and theres no real way of optimizing those functions, the physics engine itself is very well written and I cant see any obvious place its lagging in and frankly I doubt theres anything wrong with it as a 2D C physics engine.p  pTo that end Ive resolved to find a physics engine written in C or C if possible and hook it up with the main MonoTouch application. My reasoning is that since the performance issues in MonoTouch probably have something to do with the fact the MonoTouch compiler does not compile .net code to run as fast as the Wp7xbox 360 JIT compilers do which is understandable moving things out of monotouch and running them natively would help improve performance.p  pSo my idea is that Ill use Box2D, write a bunch of static wrapper functions such as CreateWorld, CreateBox, GetBodyPositionint id, etc, etc and hook all that in via pinvoke functionality and integrate it all into my physics wrapper class, in this way the core game logic will require minimal to no modifications and I can maintain the integrity of the original code design but also gain performance boosts due to the fact the physics is running in native C.p  pBut this got me thinking, the performance issues are stemming from very simple and straightforward mathematical functions, simple multiplications and size comparisons. If running functions via pinvoke wiould improve speed then simply rewriting a function such as Vector2.Max as a C function and invoking that also improve performancep  pThis however seems a bit farfetched, if it was the case wouldnt Mono do that anywayp  pSo I guess my overall question is, do statically linked native libraries perform better when called from pinvoke than the equivalent C function compiled by MonoTouchp
Negative 325 pI just followed the instructions from this page a hrefhttpwww.alexkorn.comblog201103gettingphpmysqlrunningamazonec2 relnofollowhttpwww.alexkorn.comblog201103gettingphpmysqlrunningamazonec2a to setup apache and mysql on an ec2 instance.  I couldnt get their custom file structure to point to my files, so I changed the structure to varwwwhtml and change changed the bottom of the http.conf file to show this change.  When I do that, I get an Amazon Linux AMI Test Page test page on the server, but when I try to test index.html or index.php, I get a file not found error  even though I created the varwwwhtml directories and placed both files there  what can I be doing wrong  p  pPage location  a hrefhttpec21072023428.compute1.amazonaws.com relnofollowhttpec21072023428.compute1.amazonaws.comap
Negative 325 pIs anyone aware of a way with JS to detect interaction with the native UI in mobile safari. An example event would be a click on the URL bar or the bookmarks icon. Id like to be able to trigger a change on the page with JS on these events.p  pAny ideas Thanksp
Negative 325 pI have a little confusion with setting an alarm. If anyone could give feedback or some hints itll be greatly appreciated. In summary here is my situationp  pInside my application I set an alarmp  precode  Set an alarm   Actually I set a unique id here. The hardcoded value is for simplicity only. int id  123454321  Intent intent  new Intentcontext, MyAlarm.class PendingIntent sender  PendingIntent.getBroadcastcontext, id, intent, 0  long firstTime  SystemClock.elapsedRealtime firstTime  101000  AlarmManager am  AlarmManagercontext.getSystemServiceContext.ALARMSERVICE am.setRepeatingAlarmManager.ELAPSEDREALTIMEWAKEUP, firstTime, 151000, sender     MyAlarm implementation public class MyAlarm extends BroadcastReceiver      Override     public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent               Do some periodic work here        codepre  pWhen I set the alarm everything is fine and good. I can see my alarm when I use the commandp  precode    adb shell dumpsys alarm codepre  pI can see the alarm even when my application goes to the background.p  pNext I manually kill my application through p  pSettings  Applications  Manage applications    Force stopp  pWhen I reissue the command adb shell dumpsys alarm I see that my alarm is gone. This makes me think that when my application goes into the background and the framework kills it to free resources, my alarm will also be killed. However, I would like to have an alarm which will live independent of whether the application is running or not. Does anybody have hints how to do this p
Negative 325 pWhen I store dataview in viewstate,.net shows the error Dataview is not marked as serializable in system.data but when I store it in session, then it works perfectly What is the reason behind it Which are the other objects that are not marked as  serializable  p
Negative 325 pI am building my data layer using Entity Framework and I am trying to put reference fields of an entity into the key of that entity.p  pUsing VS2010, .NET 4, EF 4.1, CodeFirst approach.p  pGiven all that info please consider the following code samplep  precodepublic class Customer      [Key]     [ColumnOrder  0]     public int SetID  get set      [Key]     [ColumnOrder  1]     public int CustomerId  get set      public string CustomerName  get set    public class Product      [Key]     [ColumnOrder  0]     public int SetID  get set      [Key]     [ColumnOrder  1]     public int ProductId  get set      public string ProductName  get set     public class SalesVolume      [Key]     [ColumnOrder  0]     public Product product  get set      [Key]     [ColumnOrder  1]     public Customer customer  get set      [Key]     [ColumnOrder  2]     public DateTime SalesDate  get set      public double Value  get set   codepre  pAll my data is organized in sets, so Product and Customer entities have setID fields in them.p  pFor SalesVolume, I have references to Product and Customer entities and I want those reference fields to be a part of my composite primary key for SalesVolume. Quite different from what I am asking, for the code above, EF generated the following tablep  precodeCREATE TABLE [dbo].[SalesVolumes]     [SalesDate] [datetime] NOT NULL,     [Value] [float] NOT NULL,     [productSetID] [int] NULL,     [productProductId] [int] NULL,     [customerSetID] [int] NULL,     [customerCustomerId] [int] NULL, PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED       [SalesDate] ASC  codepre  pProduct and Customer references are placed with two fields each and they are not part of the primary key.p  pHow can I tell EF to generate the SalesVolume table with only one setID field and with PK setID, productID, customerIDp  pThanks.p
Negative 325 phelp me, im on it about 3 weeks searching the entire www and cant make it workp  pI have a WS and just want to make my app have the response. but I after correct everything unfortunately strongalwaysstrong get the folowing errorp  precode0809 152930.930 INFOSystem.out1800 That is the bodyin envelope  SoapFault  Faultcode envServer   faultstring javax.xml.bind.UnmarshalException unexpected element uri, localApgame.   Expected elements are   lthttpmaster.system.com.brApgamegt,  lthttpmaster.system.com.brnumberSeriegt,  lthttpmaster.system.com.bridPostgt,  faultactor null detail null codepre  pMy app is using this.p  precodeprivate void getSOAPRequest          no matter what I put here in SOAPACTION it makes no difference         String SOAPACTION  httpmaster.system.com.br         String NAMESPACE    httpsystem.com.br         String METHODNAME  GetPrice         String URL  http12.12.12.111MasterWSGetPriceWSDL          SoapObject request  new SoapObjectNAMESPACE, METHODNAME         request.addPropertyApgame, 8         request.addPropertynumberSerie, 31345         request.addPropertyidPost, 4          SoapSerializationEnvelope envelope  new SoapSerializationEnvelopeSoapEnvelope.VER11         envelope.setOutputSoapObjectrequest          HttpTransportSE androidHttpTransport  new HttpTransportSEURL         try  androidHttpTransport.callSOAPACTION, envelope          catch IOException e          e.printStackTrace          catch XmlPullParserException e          e.printStackTrace         System.out.printlnThat is the bodyin envelope  envelope.bodyIn  codepre  pI have SOAP UI and I can makes calls to WS with really no problems with.p  precodeltsoapenvEnvelope  xmlnssoapenvhttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelope  xmlnstranhttpmaster.system.com.br xmlnswshttpsystem.com.brgt    ltsoapenvBodygt       ltwsGetPricegt          lttranApgamegt8lttranApgamegt          lttrannumberSeriegt31345lttrannumberSeriegt          lttranidPostgt4lttranidPostgt       ltwsGetPricegt    ltsoapenvBodygt ltsoapenvEnvelopegt codepre  pI have tried diferent Ksoap libraries, diferent Namespaces, methodname. Diferent SoapEnvelope.VER . I cant remember everything I have tested. Im desperate.p  pThank you so much..p
Negative 325 pIf a method is defined in both a class and a category on that class, it is undefined which implementation will be called.p  pBut how does this interact with inheritance  Specificallyp  ul liGiven a superclass category method and a regular method in the subclass, is it guaranteed that the subclass implementation will win when called on a member of the subclassli liGiven a superclass regular method and a subclass category method trying to override it, is it guaranteed that the subclass category implementation will win when called on a member of the subclassli liGiven a superclass category method and a subclass category method, is it guaranteed that the subclass category method will win when called on a member of the subclassli ul
Negative 325 precodeid     itemid    itemorder       1      1          0 2      1          0 3      1          0  4      2          0 5      2          0 6      2          0  7      3          0 8      3          0 9      3          0 10     3          0 codepre  pHow to use MySQL codestatementcode to update the codeordercode fields top  precodeid     itemid    itemorder       1      1          1 2      1          2 3      1          3  4      2          1 5      2          2 6      2          3  7      3          1 8      3          2 9      3          3 10     3          4 codepre
Negative 325 pI am working on .NET 2.0 application which uses ContextMenu component. In this menu I have among others one item, which contains collection of some other items which I fill programmatically with Popup event handler. Problem is, that this working well only on whole ContextMenu. When I use thisp  precodethis.ContextMenu.Popup  new EventHandleronPopup codepre  pThen filling is working fine. But when I want to fill only when submenu pops up, then nothing happened event is not handled. I use this codep  precodeforeachMenuItem it in this.ContextMenu.MenuItems     ifit.IsParent        it.Popup  new EventHandleronPopup     codepre  pAm I doing something wrongp
Negative 325 pI have a header file that contains my logo, top navigation, loginlogout links, and search.  Its not really a header, though.  It doesnt include the codeltheadgtcode, so it doesnt have an associated stylesheet.  So, Im using inline CSS.  I have a codeltheadgtcode section on each of my pages that references a unique stylesheet main.css, login.css, etc., etc..  A lot of it is repetitive.  I also am having to use embedded stuff for my blocks and whatall.  As a rule, I like my CSS to be separate from my php.  So...p  pWell, I tried to ask this question another wayhow do I recreate the Drupal .tpl structure for my nonDrupal site, and it failed because all the meta bums were like Oh, your question isnt good enough for this community, which is just more sour grapes to me....  So, Im hoping that a different approach to the question will helpp  pWhat are some popular ways to handle my css  Are there any good articles or resources  Is it possible to only include the css that is necessary for the page being rendered, and so only have one css document that just takes everything into account  Or, can I add to my  section via my include files and still accommodate my main pages files, somehowp  pAny push in the right direction, please.  Thank you.p
Negative 325 pIm creating bookmark using the similar to the code as below p  precodeContentValues values  new ContentValues values.putBookmarkColumns.BOOKMARK, 1 values.putBookmarkColumns.CREATED, 1311170108 values.putBookmarkColumns.DATE, 1311170708  values.putBookmarkColumns.TITLE, XDA values.putBookmarkColumns.URL, httptest.com values.putBookmarkColumns.VISITS, 1 getContentResolver.insertBrowser.BOOKMARKSURI, values codepre  pAlthough this code works very well on emulator and devices like HTC Hero. But when my app try to create bookmark on Samsung Galaxy Gio device , it is not visible in the default browser. Although call to Browser.getAllBookmarks returns all the bookmarks created by my application but non are visible in default browsers bookmark view.p  pSamsung device looks like store bookmarks in folder structure where as other Android device store them directly. Unfortunately current bookmarkbrowser api does not look like supports  for folders in bookmarks. p  pWhat could be work around to make bookmark visible on samsung devices also p  pThanks,p  pTusharp
Negative 325 pI need a redirect from a hrefhttpwww.mysite.compassport365.html relnofollowhttpwww.mysite.compassport365.htmla to a hrefhttpwww.mysite.compassport365.htmltaskview relnofollowhttpwww.mysite.compassport365.htmltaskviewap  pI try to do it like this RewriteCond HTTPHOST passport365.html RewriteRule  passport365.htmltaskview [QSA]p  pand it doesnt work.p  pPlease help.p
Negative 325 pAssuming I have a view in CakePHP which uses the Form Helper to create the form fields like sop  precodeecho thisgtFormgtcreate echo thisgtFormgtinputid echo thisgtFormgtinputheadline echo thisgtFormgtinputparagraph echo thisgtFormgtendSubmit, true codepre  p...and assuming once the form is submitted to the controller I then do a save to update the record...p  pHow would I include another input field in the form that is NOT associated to the model in question and which I want to put in there to capture another piece of data that I intend to process separately in the controller actionp  pTo give some background the additional field I want to add is actually an image filename.  My images table is a completely separate entity, and because it therefore has no association with the model Im saveing, I believe I need to capture the information in an additional field on the form, then process it manually in the controller action  i.e., by importing the images model and creating a new record in it based on the image upload filename Ive added to the form.p  pHope that makes sensep  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pIm in the process of converting an existing ASP website into PHP while retaining the ASP website as an older version.  Since Im not an ASP developer, I thought it would be simple as moving the contents of the root directory into its own directory that Ive labeled as v1.0 so that the ASP version can be viewed by going to www.mysite.comv1.0 while the new PHP version v2.0 can be viewed by going to www.mysite.comp  pHerein lies the problem.  Doing this causes flags all kinds of errors all related to Server Error in  Application. Runtime errors.  The best I can figure out is that the web.config file needs to be tweaked in the v2.0 directory.  Can any of you ASP experts recommend a simple solution to make this happen  I would like to have an empty root directory if possible since the new v2.0 version will be in all PHP and want to self contain the ASP version within the v1.0 directory as much as possible.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI have, for example, four codeQRadioButtoncodes coderb1code, coderb2code, coderb3code, coderb4code. I set coderb1code and coderb3code checkedp  precoderb1gtsetCheckedtrue rb3gtsetCheckedtrue codepre  pAlso, I have four codeQButtonGroupcodes  codebg12code, codebg34code, codebg13code and codebg24code, and make first two nonexclusivethey are by defaultp  precodebg13gtsetExclusivefalse bg24gtsetExclusivefalse codepre  pThe first case I add coderb1code and coderb2code to the codebg12code, and coderb3code and coderb4code to the codebg34code. Then I add all the buttons to the grid layout, show the widget, and all that stuff, everything works as expectedtwo buttons are active, and button in one row excludes the other in its row.p  pThe second case I add coderb1code and coderb2code to the codebg12code, and coderb3code and coderb4code to the codebg34code. Then I add coderb1code and coderb3code to the codebg13code, and coderb2code and coderb4code to the codebg24code. Now it does not work as I expected, they all behave like free buttons, and I can checkuncheck any of them. So, what am I doing wrongp  pstrongUpdstrong Ive also tried it with codeQPushButtoncodesso, no exclusivity and such stuff, and it just looks like if button is already in a codeQButtonGroupcode, and I add it do another one, it doesnt belong to the first anymore p  pI guess, you might wonder why would I do this wierd stuff  Ill explain. I want to keep a vector of pairs of codeQRadioButtoncodes, and a button in each pair must exclude the another in its pairthey represent two exclusive states, so I want to group buttons in each pair in an exclusive codeQButtonGroupcodelike codebg12codeand codebg34code in the example and also add, for example, all the first buttons of each pair to another codeQButtonGroupcodenonexclusive, like codebg13code from the example and give it an id. So, I would be able to handle state changes with one of the signals codeQButtonGroupcode class provides us and the id. Maybe theres a simplier way p
Negative 325 pI have one room image.p  pNow, user will click on any particular color suppose blue color in image.p  pAnd also user will select replaced color like black color.p  pSo, all blue color inside the image will be replaced by black color.p  pAny one have idea for how to achieve this in iPhonep  pHelp is appreciated. p
Negative 325 pEven after a lot of research I am still not completely sure if the way how I implement a codeWakeLockcode for a codeServicecode started by a codeBroadcastReceivercode is correct  even though it seems to work fine. The broadcast receiver gets intents sent to it from an alarm, so to start with, from the API docs of codeAlarmManagercodep  blockquote   pIf your alarm receiver called Context.startService, it is possible   that the phone will sleep before the requested service is launched. To   prevent this, your BroadcastReceiver and Service will need to   implement a separate wake lock policy to ensure that the phone   continues running until the service becomes available.p blockquote  pSo, in codeonReceivecode I dop  precode    Intent serviceIntent  new Intentcontext, SomeService.class     context.startServiceserviceIntent      ifSomeService.wakeLock  null          PowerManager powerManager  PowerManagercontext.getSystemServiceContext.POWERSERVICE         SomeService.wakeLock  powerManager.newWakeLock                 PowerManager.PARTIALWAKELOCK,                  SomeService.WAKELOCKTAG          if SomeService.wakeLock.isHeld          SomeService.wakeLock.acquire      codepre  pand in the service I dop  precode    try           Do some work      finally          ifwakeLock  null              ifwakeLock.isHeld                  wakeLock.release                          wakeLock  null               codepre  pThe codeSomeService.wakeLockcodefield is package private, static and volatile.p  pWhat I am unsure about is the check using codeisHeldcode  does it really tell me if a codeWakeLockcode is acquired or not, and do I need to do this check at allp
Negative 325 pFor example a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestionsaskhttpstackoverflow.comquestionsaska there we have form idpostform which has methodpost, is it possible somehow open this form and have lets say Name input displayname with my name prefilled on loadp
Negative 325 pwhere can i find a list of available standard functions for codejQuerywindow.code I know about load and focus.p
Negative 325 precodeifpregmatch[W]s0,3[W], POST[txtusernamereg]  . . . codepre  pThe above line is used in PHP. p  precode[W]s0,3[W] codepre  pThe regex allows English characters  numbers  3 spaces maximum.p  pemHow can i allow the followingemp  ul listrong4 Underscores maximum amp Unicode Charactersstrong Only with No Special Characters Allowed  Discard the request enclosed within brackets.li ul
Negative 325 blockquote   pNote that code is instantiated only for member functions that are called. For class templates, member functions are instantiated only when they are used.p blockquote  pThe above quote is from the book emC Templates by Addison Wesleyem.p  pI want to understand the meaning of the jargon emcode is instantiatedem. Does it mean that only a particular memory is reserved, or only that code is compiled or something elsep
Negative 325 pIm looking for a way to upload a special type of file to a web directory.  The file will be indexed with all the other files, but when clicked, will take the user to a different web address.p  pHeres an examplep  pA directory lists three filesp  ul liearth.pngli limars.pngli liNASA.urlli ul  pThe .url file the extension doesnt matter  just an example should lead the user to NASAs website.p  pThink of a Windows shortcut.  Shortcut files are listed alongside real files in a folder however, when theyre opened, they lead to a different location entirely.p  pOf course, I could create a simple page with links, but Im asking if this is possible to do using the servers indexing functionality.p  pIf there was an issue with the clarity of this question, I apologize.  Hopefully its easier to understand now.p
Negative 325 pI am using a joomla module which uses jquery, is called organic tabs,p  pon the same page where this module is rendered, there is an slider for images which I think is using also jquery or mootools, p  pIf I unpublish this slider on the page, the tabs will work but when both are working together I getp  precodeMessage Object doesnt support this property or method Line 362 Char 9 Code 0      ltphp   no direct access definedJEXEC or dieRestricted access  paramsgtgetloadjq1 mainframegtaddCustomHeadTagltscript typetextjavascript src.modulebase.jquery.jsgtltscriptgt  mainframegtaddCustomHeadTagltlink typetextcss relstylesheet href.modulebase.stylebasicblackstyle.css gt mainframegtaddCustomHeadTagltscript typetextjavascript src.modulebase.tabs.jsgtltscriptgt gt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     jQueryfunction         jQuerytxtabs.organicTabs                 speedltphp echo transitionspeedgt,                 actionltphp echo rotateactiongt                       ltscriptgt ltdiv idtxtabs stylewidthltphp echo modulewidth,pxgtgt                ltphp ifcontrolpaneltopgt             ltul classnav stylewidthltphp echo tabwidth,pxgtgt                 ltphp for i0 i lt items i  gt                 ltli gtlta hrefltphp echo strreplace , ,list[i]gttitlegt ltphp echo i0 classcurrentgt gtltphp echo list[i]gttitlegtltagtltligt                 ltphp endforgt             ltulgt             ltphp endifgt             ltdiv classlistwrapgt                 ltphp for i0 i lt items i  gt                 ltdiv idltphp echo strreplace , ,list[i]gttitlegt ltphp echo i0classhide gtgt                     ltphp modOrganicTabHelperrenderItemlist[i], params, access gt                  ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt                    ltdivgt                  ltphp endforgt               ltdivgt lt END List Wrap gt               ltphp ifcontrolpanelbottomgt             ltul classnav stylewidthltphp echo tabwidth,pxgtgt                 ltphp for i0 i lt items i  gt                 ltli gtlta hrefltphp echo strreplace , ,list[i]gttitlegt ltphp echo i0 classcurrentgt gtltphp echo list[i]gttitlegtltagtltligt                 ltphp endforgt             ltulgt             ltphp endifgt  ltdivgt codepre  pCan someone help on how to troubleshooot this errorp
Negative 325 pi have used CorePlot for the first time and want now customize the Bar Graph. You see it in this picture.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comYWdTX.png altenter image description herep  pI want now add the Number over every Bar on top of the Barp  phope you know what i mean.p  pHow can i realize itp  pThis is my Codep  precodevoid generateDataSamples      int rawSamples []  1,3,6,2,1,1,3,15,2,1     int numSamples  sizeofrawSamples  sizeofint      samples  [[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithCapacitynumSamples]      for int i  0 i lt numSamples i         double x  i         double y  rawSamples[i]         NSDictionary sample  [NSDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsAndKeys                                 [NSNumber numberWithDoublex],XVAL,                                 [NSNumber numberWithDoubley],YVAL,                                 nil]         [samples addObjectsample]            voidviewDidLoad       [super viewDidLoad]      [self generateDataSamples]      double xAxisStart  0     double xAxisLength  [samples count]      double yAxisStart  0     double yAxisLength  [[samples valueForKeyPathmax.YVAL] doubleValue]       CPGraphHostingView hostingView  [[CPGraphHostingView alloc] initWithFrameself.view.bounds]     [self.view addSubviewhostingView]      CPXYGraph graph  [[CPXYGraph alloc] initWithFrameself.view.bounds]     hostingView.hostedGraph  graph        CPXYPlotSpace plotSpace  CPXYPlotSpace graph.defaultPlotSpace     plotSpace.xRange  [CPPlotRange plotRangeWithLocationCPDecimalFromDouble0                                                    lengthCPDecimalFromDoublexAxisLength 1]      plotSpace.yRange  [CPPlotRange plotRangeWithLocationCPDecimalFromDouble0                                                    lengthCPDecimalFromDoubleyAxisLength  0.5]        CPBarPlot plot  [[CPBarPlot alloc] initWithFrameCGRectZero]     plot.plotRange  [CPPlotRange plotRangeWithLocationCPDecimalFromDouble0.0                                                  lengthCPDecimalFromDoublexAxisLength]      CPXYAxisSet axisSet  CPXYAxisSet graph.axisSet      CPLineStyle lineStyle  [CPLineStyle lineStyle]      lineStyle.lineColor  [CPColor whiteColor]      lineStyle.lineWidth  1.0f      CPTextStyle cyanStyle  [CPTextStyle textStyle]      cyanStyle.color  [CPColor cyanColor]      NSNumberFormatter formatter  [[NSNumberFormatter alloc] init]      [formatter setMaximumFractionDigits0]       plot.barOffset  .5     plot.dataSource  self       [graph addPlotplot]      [plot release]     [graph release]     [hostingView release]  codepre
Negative 325 pI was wondering what the preferred way of sending an image to a webserver from an android applicationp  pIve seen people p  ul liopening up sockets and send the actual image data.li libase64 encoding it and sending it as a string.li ul  pWhat is the preferred way Can someone post some examples as well.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pWhat is the proper way of assigning the string in ZNstartTime to args[0] Thank you.p  precodechar args[10]   voidprintNSMutableArrayarguments withDictNSMutableDictionaryoptions       NSString ZNstartTime   [arguments objectAtIndex1]  contents is string          NSString ZNlengthTime  [arguments objectAtIndex2]  contents is string           args[0]  ZNstartTime lt returning incompatible error   codepre
Negative 325 pOkay, I have built reports in MS Access 2007, and each report runs off of several 40 queries. The queries are opening tables, subqueries, etc, and I dont think Access is closing them. I could be wrong, but for some reason I think this is causing the overflow.p  pBut anyways, I am trying to figure out why it is happening all of a sudden, and what I can do to resolve it. I had the reports working fine when I just had a schema and some dummy data, but when the database was actually populated, the individuals who gave us the data created a few more look up tables, so now a typical query using 3 tables is now using 5.p  pDo you think this increase in look up tables and therefore more objects being opened by Access is the reason I am getting overflow errors, or could it be something else Also, I dont know VBA, so are there any simple solutions e.g. breaking up the reports, which would take a while that would be worth pursuingp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI have a PasswordBox in a WPF application that is used on a touch screen without keyboard. This is a problem since the virtual keyboard icon is not shown when the PasswordBox is clicked.p  pI get the feeling it should have something to do with InputMethod and its IsInputMethodEnabled property, but the following still does not workp  precodeltPasswordBox InputMethod.IsInputMethodEnabledTruegt codepre  pIs it possible to force the virtual keyboard to pop upp  hr  pAs a workaround I created a custom virtual keyboard that directly modifies the PasswordBox.Password..p
Negative 325 pI was working on xslt on android. The users.xml filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltusersgt   ltusergt     ltfnamegtsomenameltfnamegt     lthobbiesgt       lthobbygtMovielthobbygt       lthobbygtTrekkinglthobbygt     lthobbiesgt   ltusergt ltusersgt codepre  pThe users.xsl filep  precodeltxslstylesheet version1.0 xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransformgt     ltxsltemplate matchgt         lthtmlgt             ltbodygt                 ltxslforeach selectusersusergt                     lth2gt                         ltxslvalueof selectfname gt                     lth2gt                     lth3gtHobbies lth3gt                     ltxslforeach selecthobbieshobbygt                         ltxslvalueof select. gt                         ltxslif testposition  lastgt                             ltxsltextgt , ltxsltextgt                         ltxslifgt                     ltxslforeachgt                 ltxslforeachgt             ltbodygt         lthtmlgt     ltxsltemplategt ltxslstylesheetgt codepre  pandroid layout userview.xml p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout     xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidorientationvertical     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightfillparentgt     ltWebView         androidididuserwebview         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightfillparent gt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pAndroid activityp  precodepublic class UserDisplayActivity extends Activity      WebView userView     Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.userwebview         userView  WebView findViewByIdR.id.userwebview         loadTransformedHtml          private void loadTransformedHtml          try              String htmlTransformedUserXmlTransform.getTransformedHtml             userView.loadDatahtmlTransformed, texthtml, utf8          catch TransformerException e              e.printStackTrace                 codepre  pAnd UserXmlTransform  classp  precodepublic class UserXmlTransform      static final String sdPathEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectory.getAbsolutePath     static final File xmlFileF  new FilesdPathusers.xml     static final File xsltFileF  new FilesdPathusers.xsl     public static String getTransformedHtml throws TransformerException          Source srcXml  new StreamSourcexmlFileF         Source srcXsl  new StreamSourcexsltFileF         StringWriter writer  new StringWriter         Result result  new StreamResultwriter         TransformerFactory tFactory  TransformerFactory.newInstance         Transformer transformer  tFactory.newTransformersrcXsl         transformer.transformsrcXml, result         return writer.toString       codepre  pThe transformation is successfully run with UserXmlTransform.java code while testing as java project with exactly same xml and xsl file.p  pIn android app, the files are at appropriate location. But while running the NullPointer Exception is thrown at line p  precodetransformer.transformsrcXml, result  codepre  pof UserXmlTransform.java. why this transformer object became null in android.p  pI could not figure out what is problem. Please Help me. [Added] I am using SDK 2.2p
Negative 325 pSo heres a problem Im really having trouble with. I am using this code to retrieve the parent controller of a UIViewController that is pushed to the UINavigationController stackp  precodeMyAppDelegate delegate  [[UIApplicationDelegate sharedApplication] delegate] UINavigationController nav  delegate.navigationController MyParentViewController parent  MyParentViewController nav.topViewController parent.myProperty  propertyValue codepre  pHowever, this seems to only work when you are working with an application with a single navigation controller. My structure isp  precodegtUITabBarController gtUINavigationController gtMyYetAnotherParentViewController gtUINavigationController gtMyOtherParentViewController gtUINavigationController gtMyParentViewController codepre  pwhich means that I have 3 navigation controllers inside the tab bar controller.p  pI am currently in the third navigation controller and have pushed a view controller above MyParentViewController. p  pI am trying to pass data from the UIViewController I pushed to MyParentViewController using properties. How will I retrieve the parent of the UIViewController I pushed to the stack if I have this setupp
Negative 325 pHeres my code. I have no problem when showing up the previously designed frames with panels added. I get this issue when adding panels to an empty JFrame dynamically. p  precodepackage com.mytunes.controllers  import com.mytunes.views. import com.mytunes.views.panels. import java.awt.BorderLayout import java.lang.reflect.Constructor import java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.logging.Level import java.util.logging.Logger import javax.swing.JFrame import javax.swing.JOptionPane import javax.swing.JPanel import javax.swing.WindowConstants   public class GUIController      ArrayListltJFramegt displayFrames  new ArrayListltJFramegt      JPanel displayPanel     HeaderPanel headerPanel  new HeaderPanel     FooterPanel footerPanel  new FooterPanel       public int showFrameString frameName, Object controller         Class c         Constructor ctr         int lastFrame  1          try               call a class dynamically            c  Class.forNamecom.mytunes.views.frames.  frameName  Frame             calll a constructor of a class            ctr  c.getConstructorSessionController.class             instantiate dynamically created class            displayFrames.addJFrame ctr.newInstancecontroller              get the index of frame just added            lastFrame  displayFrames.size1             displayFrames.getlastFrame.setDefaultCloseOperationWindowConstants.EXITONCLOSE            displayFrames.getlastFrame.pack            displayFrames.getlastFrame.setLocationRelativeTonull              hide it by default.             displayFrames.getdisplayFrames.size1.setVisiblefalse           catch InstantiationException ex              Logger.getLoggerGUIController.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex          catch IllegalAccessException ex              Logger.getLoggerGUIController.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex          catch IllegalArgumentException ex              Logger.getLoggerGUIController.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex          catch InvocationTargetException ex              Logger.getLoggerGUIController.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex          catch NoSuchMethodException ex              Logger.getLoggerGUIController.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex          catch SecurityException ex              Logger.getLoggerGUIController.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex          catch ClassNotFoundException ex              JOptionPane.showMessageDialognull, Error while loading class com.mytunes.view.frames.  frameName                      System.out.printlnlastFrame         return lastFrame            show panels       public void showOperatorString frame, Object controller           this works fine this frame is already having Panels         int f  showFrameframe, controller         displayFrames.getf.setVisibletrue           public void showEnterPINString frame, Object controller           int f  showFrameframe, controller         displayFrames.getf.getContentPane.addnew EnterPINPanel, BorderLayout.CENTER         displayFrames.getf.setVisibletrue                  Try every following ways to show the Dynamically added panels                 displayFrames.getf.getContentPane.removeAll                 displayFrames.getf.getContentPane.invalidate                 displayFrames.getf.getContentPane.addnew EnterPINPanel, BorderLayout.PAGESTART                 displayFrames.getf.getContentPane.validate                 displayFrames.getf.pack                 displayFrames.getf.setVisibletrue         codepre  pAppreciate if someone can spot this issue out for me. Thanks.p
Negative 325 pIve been working on this all day now, and I just cant get it working.p  pI have basically got a simple ajax request using the jQuery library and I want to send the data which I post through a mutlipartformdata file input, however, I have tried everything I can think of. p  pMy File upload script is in place awaiting the file name as a parameter tried without also, but it just doesnt want to get the data from the file input box itself. p  pCould someone please enlighten me on how to do this without another plugin multiple upload, etc.p  pHere is my jQuery Code for this bitp  pfunction uploadTimesheetsp  precodewaiting.show  var error    var msg    Performs the Ajax Request  var data  .ajax     type           POST,     url            ajaxtimesheetuploadNewTimesheets.php,     dataType       json,     contentType    multipartformdata,     data           data,     error          error,     msg            msg,     success        functiondata          ifdata             notification.removeClassthis.addClassnotificationsuccess.htmldata.show.delay1200.fadeOut800             getActiveTimesheetsgetSelectedPage         else             notification.removeClass.addClassnotificationerror.htmldata.msg  data.errorList.show             alertPHHAIL                   waiting.hide         functionxhr, status, errorThrown             waiting.hide                codepre  pp  pAnd here is my PHP upload scriptp  precode       Creates a directory in the active directory with the given folder name     author  RichardC   param   string    dirName   return  boolean   public function createDir dirName        docRoot  getenvDOCUMENTROOT      if isdirsprintfss, docRoot, dirName          makeDir  mkdirsprintfss, docRoot, dirName         echo sprintfCreating a folder called s ..., dirName         if makeDir              echo ltbr gtSuccessfully created the folder.ltbr gt             return true          else              echo sprintfltbr gt Sorry, please create the folder manually at ss, docRoot, dirName             return false                    Uploads either a CSV or an EXCEL file to a temporary directory     author  RichardC   param   Resource    file   return  Boolean     truefalse   public function upload filename        filename  issetfilename  thisgtfile  filename      Get the document root     docRoot  getenvDOCUMENTROOT      thisgtcreateDiruploads      if FILES[file][type]  applicationvnd.msexcel  FILES[file][type]  applicationcsv  FILES[file][type]  textcsv  FILES[file][type]  textcommaseparatedvalues  FILES[file][type]  applicationexcel ampamp             FILES[file][size] lt 1000000          if FILES[file][error] gt 0              echo Return Code  . FILES[file][error] . ltbr gt          else              if fileexistsdocRoot . upload . FILES[file][name]                  echo FILES[file][name] .  already exists.                  thisgtfile  docRoot . upload . FILES[file][name]              else                  moveuploadedfileFILES[file][tmpname], docRoot . upload . FILES[file][name]                 thisgtfile  docRoot . upload . FILES[file][name]                            else          echo Invalid file          return false           Remove the unwanted file now     thisgtfileContents  filegetcontentsthisgtfile     unlinkthisgtfile     unsetthisgtfile      return true  codepre  pIf anyone can help on this, itd be much appreciatedp
Negative 325 pI am wondering if there is script or something out there that will report javascriptPrototypeJS errors that happen in Ajax calls.  It can be time consuming to fill code with console.log andor alerts.  It would be great if there was something like a browser plugin that would do it.p  pAnybody have any tools or tips   p
Negative 325 pAs an example of a build time assembly load issue, consider the following  class library codep  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.Linq using System.Text using Microsoft.Practices.EnterpriseLibrary.Data.Sql  namespace ClassLibrary1      public class Class1              SqlDatabase database       codepre  pAnd the following class code in a wpf user control libraryp  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.Linq using System.Text using ClassLibrary1  namespace WpfControlLibrary1      class Class1            codepre  pThe codeWpfControlLibrary1code has a project reference to codeClassLibrary1code, but codeusing ClassLibrary1code reference fails.  A different project type can load codeClassLibrary1code just fine, and if the Enterprise Library 5.0 codeSqlDatabasecode declaration is commented out, the wpf library can load codeClassLibrary1code.p  pAny ideas on what this issue is or how to track it downp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI use asp.net 4 and c. I would like to use AJAX Control UpdatePanel to my page.p  pI read in the documentation that p  precodeUpdatePanel controls can be added declaratively or programmatically.  codepre  pBut I could not find out any information how to programmatically add a UpdatePanel controls on a page.p  pMy question strongHow to add an UpdatePanel controls to a page programmaticallystrong Please note I need add the actual Update Control on a Web Form and not controls inside the UpdatePanel  Many thanksp
Negative 325 pWhats the accepted practice on forcing evaluation of LINQ queries with methods like codeToArraycode and are there general heuristics for composing optimal chains of queries I often try to do everything in a single pass because Ive noticed in those instances that codeAsParallelcode does a really good job in speeding up the computation. In cases where the queries perform computations with no sideeffects but several passes are required to get the right data out is forcing the computation with codeToArraycode the right way to go or is it better to leave the query in lazy formp
Negative 325 pI just started using UIAutomation for some testing. I got the most stuff working except this seemly simple one. p  pI want to verify the localized text displayed in a combobox, but I couldnt figure out how to retrieve the localized display text combobox items are enumeration items using UIAutomation API. p  pUISpy doesnt show me the localized display text either it shows the enum.ToString value of the current selected item. p  pYour help is much appreciated.p
Negative 325 pI have this collectionselect usage in my viewp  precodelt collectionselectproductionyear, id, carmodels, id, name,  prompt gt Year ,  disabled gt disabled   gt codepre  pBut it seems, that ill add much logic for this select box. So i want pass parameters for this collectionselect from my controller. How can i do thisp  pWas trying to pass array with parameters, but got many errors. Pls show correct way for this.p
Negative 325 pHi there i am trying to output the selection of a date. Using the D option gives me days like Thu or Mon. When i try to localize this format using the nl localisation, the the output is again nicely in 3 letters such as don or maa p  pBut for parsing the date using Javascript into the Dutch language i need to have the do and ma so the dayNamesMin. Is there a way that i can configure JQuery datepicker the correct localized dayp
Negative 325 pI have an Asp.NET MVC site that I manage multiple instances of.  Each instance uses its own database but the code base is all the same.  To facilitate this I have several build configurations with matching web.config transforms, so that when I publish it doesnt use my development database but instead uses the specific database for that site instance.p  pThe problem with this came today when I went to publish an update to one of the sites.  I forgot to change the build configuration, so my publish to site A was using a web.config transform that was meant for site B, and mayhem and confusion ensued.p  pIs there any way to to specify that a specific publish target will ONLY be used with a specific build configurationp  pOr is there a better way to handle this situation than juggling build configurationsp
Negative 325 pIm trying to get the titleLabel string of a UIButton, but its logging as a CALayer... any suggestionsp  precodeADD TWT BUTTON     twittershare  [[UIButton alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMake200, 44, 29, 28]     twittershare.backgroundColor  [UIColor clearColor]     [twittershare setBackgroundImage[UIImage imageNamedbtnannotationsharetwitter.png] forStateUIControlStateNormal]     twittershare.titleLabel.hidden  YES     twittershare.titleLabel.alpha  0     twittershare.tag  20     [twittershare setTitletest forStateUIControlStateNormal]      UITapGestureRecognizer taptwt  [[UITapGestureRecognizer alloc] initWithTargetself actionselectorhandlePinButtonTap]     taptwt.numberOfTapsRequired  1     [twittershare addGestureRecognizertaptwt]     [taptwt release]      [annotationView addSubviewtwittershare]    void handlePinButtonTapUITapGestureRecognizer gestureRecognizer      UIButton btn  UIButton  gestureRecognizer.view     MKAnnotationView av  MKAnnotationView [btn superview]     idltMKAnnotationgt ann  av.annotation     NSLoghandlePinButtonTap ann.title, ann.title      NSString testBtn  [NSString stringWithFormat, [btn titleLabel]]      NSLoghandlePinButtonTap btn title, testBtn      codepre  pLogp  precodehandlePinButtonTap btn titleltUIButtonLabel 0x70a14d0 frame  0 3 29 22 text  test clipsToBounds  YES alpha  0 opaque  NO userInteractionEnabled  NO layer  ltCALayer 0x70a6930gtgt codepre
Negative 325 pI have this DataGridView and I want every time you click on the emBrowse From File...em  an openFileDialog to open.  p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comy4IaS.png altenter image description herep  pMade this so far but it does not work.p  precodeprivate void dataGridView1CellValueChangedobject sender, DataGridViewCellEventArgs e     string bbb  dataGridView1.Rows[e.RowIndex].Cells[e.ColumnIndex].Value.ToString    if bbb  Browse From File...            openFileDialog2.ShowDialog     codepre  pTried also these but nothingp  precodeif e.ColumnIndex.Equals  Browse From File... if dataGridView1.SelectedCells  Browse From File...    if stringdataGridView1.SelectedCells[0].Value  Browse From File... if dataGridView1.Rows[1].Cells[Browse From File...].Value.ToString  Browse From File...                            openFileDialog2.ShowDialog             codepre
Negative 325 pMy app is Honeycomb optimized and Ive overwritten onKeyDown in my Activity to receive events for the media keys. So far only KEYCODEUNKNOWN 0 is returned when I press any of the media key in the bottom screen of the emulator. Btw, I use the Google TV addon in its latest version revision 2. Is this an emulator bug or am Im doing something wrongp
Negative 325 pI am making a rollercoaster inside of a skybox in OpenGL, and without much background on its functions or computer graphics it is proving to be very difficult. I drew a rollercoaster using CatmullRom spline interpolation, and drew each point with glVertex3f. Now I want to call an codeupdatecode function every 50ms to move the camera around the track. codegluLookAtcode is producing weird results, either removing the track from the screen, producing a black screen, etc. I think I need to move some of the matrix functions around but I am not sure where to put each one. Here is my code so farp  precodeint mainint argc, char argc       ... load track, etc ...       Init currpos, nextpos, iter, up     currpos  Vec3f0, 0, 0     nextpos  currpos     iter  0     up  Vec3f0, 1, 0      dequeltVec3fgt points     Vec3f newpt       Loop through the points and interpolate      for pointVectorIter pv  gTrack.points.begin pv  gTrack.points.end pv              Vec3f currpv             Initialize the current point and a new point to be drawn         points.pushbackcurr      Push the current point onto the stack         allpoints.pushbackcurr   Add current point to the total stack          if points.size  4  Check if there are 4 points in the stack, if so interpolate                      for float u  0.0f u lt 1.0f u  0.01f                              newpt  interpolatepoints[0], points[1], points[2], points[3], u                 glColor3f1, 1, 1                 glVertex3fnewpt.x, newpt.y, newpt.z                  allpoints.pushbacknewpt                           points.popfront                     glutInit, InitGL, etc...   void InitGLGLvoid      glEnableGLDEPTHTEST     glDepthFuncGLLEQUAL     glMatrixModeGLPROJECTION     glLoadIdentity     gluPerspective100.0, GLfloatWINDOWWIDTH  GLfloatWINDOWHEIGHT, .0001, 999999     glMatrixModeGLMODELVIEW     glClearColor0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.5f   void display void      glClearGLCOLORBUFFERBIT  GLDEPTHBUFFERBIT     glMatrixModeGLMODELVIEW     glLoadIdentity     gluLookAtcurrpos.x, currpos.y, currpos.z, nextpos.x, nextpos.y, nextpos.z, up.x, up.y, up.z      glPushMatrix     glEnableGLTEXTURE2D  Enable texturing from now on       draw skybox, this was from previous assignment and renders correctly       glPopMatrix       now draw rollercoaster ...      glPushMatrix     glBeginGLLINESTRIP      dequeltVec3fgt points     Vec3f newpt      for each Vec3f pt in allpoints              glColor3f1, 1, 1         glVertex3fpt.x, pt.y, pt.z           glutTimerFunc50, update, 1     glEnd     glPopMatrix       Swap buffers, so one we just drew is displayed     glutSwapBuffers   void updateint a      if iter lt allpoints.size              currpos  allpoints[iter]         nextpos  allpoints[iter  1]          gaze  nextpos  currpos         gaze.Normalize          Vec3fCross3binorm, gaze, up         binorm.Normalize          Vec3fCross3up, binorm, gaze         up.Normalize          glutPostRedisplay           iter  codepre  pThe idea is that I am keeping a global deque codeallpointscode that includes the control points of the spline and the interpolated points. Once that is complete, I call codeupdatecode every 50ms, and move the camera along each point in codeallpointscode. In a previous version of the project, I could see that the rollercoaster was being drawn correctly. It is codegluLookAtcode that doesnt seem to work how I want it to. With the code above, the program starts with the camera looking at one side of the skybox with a part of the rollercoaster, and then when codeupdatecode is called, the rollercoaster disappears but the camera does not move. I have been messing around with where I am putting the OpenGL matrix functions, and depending on where they are sometimes codeupdatecode will cause a blank screen as well.p
Negative 325 pI want to make a rhythm game which pregenerate beat from a midi file. but I dont really understand about the data structure of midi file and how to generate those beat. how should I accomplished thisp  pfor your info Im using Qt for Meego. and theres also one problem I found, QML Element Audio for meego cannot play .mid file. I dont how to solve it. any solution p
Negative 325 pI would like to control a usb lamp  with linux by switching its current on and off.p  pBasically any solution comes with inserting values in p  precodesysbususbdevices....powerlevel codepre  pThis would be a great idea but there is no way to find which device my device is. I tried lsusb, exploring proc.businputdevices, even a bit a C code [4] but nothing seems related to my device.p  pTo give more information it is a rotating lamp with a onoff switch but it does not seem to have any interaction with the computer except for the current.p  pNote  I have already looked for solution in SO on [1], [2] and even for windows [3]p  p[1]  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4702216controllingausbpowersupplyonoffwithlinuxControlling a USB power supply onoff with linuxap  p[2]  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1163824linuxusbturningthepoweronandoffLinux USB turning the power on and offap  p[3]  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3685615usbdeviceconnectedUSB Device Connectedap  p[4]  a hrefhttpwww.kernel.orgdocpendinghotplug.txt relnofollowhttpwww.kernel.orgdocpendinghotplug.txtap
Negative 325 pOk,  So I am creating a cookie using jquery and storing a div in it. This div has a lot of formatting,other divs,text ,etc in it.p  precodevar rentContainer  document.createElementdiv rentContainer.setAttributeclass,module var carContainer  document.createElementdiv carContainer.setAttributeclass,carRentContainer rentContainer.appendChildcarContainer .... and a lot of other things go in this rentContainer div codepre  pNow save it in cookie p  precode.cookierentedcar, rentContainer codepre  peverythings looks ok upto now.p  pwhen the page is refreshed and the body is loaded, it is now time to get this div and show it on page  with same formatting,structure, etc.p  pso in my function I havep  precodevar rentedcarcookie  .cookierentedcar ifrentedcarcookie     document.getElementByIdrentit.appendChildrentedcarcookie     rentit is already defined and exists on the page. All I need is to add the cookie div content on it. codepre  pbut this gives me an error message p  blockquote   pFirebugs log limit has been reached. 0 entries not shown.     Preferencesbr   uncaught exception [Exception... Could not convert JavaScript argument arg 0 [nsIDOMHTMLDivElement.appendChild] nsresult 0x80570009 NSERRORXPCBADCONVERTJS location JS frame  iGo.js  checkCookies  line 10 data no]p blockquote  pPlease help. What is the best way to do thisp
Negative 325 pRequirement Need to Handle web service request asynchronously.p  pMy application is a EJB 3.0 Stateless Session Bean exposed as web service developed using RAD and deployed on a load balanced WebSphere 7.0 App Server . It receives web service request and stores the message as Object in a Queue. Request will be processed asynchronously via MDB Message Driven Bean .p  pTwo options exist 1 WebSphere SIB 2 Websphere MQp  pIs WebSphere SIB as good as MQ  Are there any specific advantages of using MQ over SIB  Since Im using only Java and is there any advantages of MQ  Note  it is a enterprise application and reliability  performance scalability requirements need to be met. p
Negative 325 pWhat will be the Regular Expression to get all the property and variables names of any class in c, I want to parse the .cs file. that is i want to select any .cs file as input and it should get the property name of that selected class, as an output.p  pcan any one help....would appreciate for any help i tried very much but not got the actual result every time class name is coming instead of property. thanks  Jackp
Negative 325 pI have the following code exerptp  precodeltfxDeclarationsgt     ltfxArray idribbonTabsgt         ltfxStringgtHomeltfxStringgt         ltfxStringgtHelpltfxStringgt     ltfxArraygt ltfxDeclarationsgt  ltcxRibbonBar idmainRibbon tabsribbonTabs gt codepre  pThe RibbonBar is a custom component I made, that basically has a TabNavigator in it and some other stuff. That code creates thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIq2op.png altenter image description herep  pAs you can see, Im using a public variable for the tabs property, but I want to write code so that I can do thisp  precodeltcxRibbonBar idmainRibbongt     ltfxArrayListgt             ltfxStringgtHomeltfxStringgt             ltfxStringgtHelpltfxStringgt     ltfxArrayListgt ltcxRibbonBargt codepre  p...which would then create the same thing as the screenshot above.p  pHow can I achieve this in Adobe Flex 4 Im really new to Flex so I would really appreciate commented code or some elaboration on the answers. Thanksp
Negative 325 pIm using a FormView control myFormView with an EditItemTemplate which contains a number of child controls. When I use a standard ASP.Net DropDownList control myDropList, I can obtain a reference to myDropList using the line belowp  precodeDropDownListmyFormView.FindControlmyDropList codepre  pI can full access the properties of the myDropList and obtain the value currently selected. This is great.p  pHowever, I now need to use a 3rd party child control FreeTextBox as found here a hrefhttpwww.freetextbox.com relnofollowhttpwww.freetextbox.coma in the FormView control. Ive called the FreeTextBox control myFTB and Im using a similar statement as abovep  precodeFreeTextBoxmyFormView.FindControlmyFTB codepre  pHowever, this returns null and thus Im enable to retrieve property values for this. p  pDoes anyone know why it is returning null Is there some other way to retrieve the reference to the controlp  pTIAp
Negative 325 pI have a wsdl file with me and i generated stubs using IntelliJ idea which uses axis2 to generate Java classes from WSDL.p  pI am using GrailsWsClient  plugin to use the wsdl file. The plugin works fine and i can run the temperature conversion program using a hrefhttpwww.w3schools.comwebservicestempconvert.asmxWSDL relnofollowwww.w3schools.comwebservicestempconvert.asmxWSDLa. p  pNow the Client says that he wont be able to directly expose his wsdl and i have to use stubs. He has replaced the location URL in wsdl with some dummy url .... p  pCan you please provide me some reference to understand this concept  How can i call any method exposed by this webservice p  pAny help in this direction will be highly appreciated.p  pPS Here is the location tag specified in wsdl file.p  psoapaddress locationhttpssomePortalportal.asmxp
Negative 325 pIm using xCode 4.2, and after creating the .h and .m classes separately, I go and add a .xib file of the same name. So now I havep  precodeExampleClass.h ExampleClass.m ExampleClass.xib codepre  pHowever, the ExampleClass.xib wont connect to ANYTHING. I try dragging it to files owner, to anything, and it wont connect. How do I go about doing this The differences I see are that when creating all of them at the same time .h, .m, and .xib, I see that when clicking on files owner, it has searchDisplayController and view in the Outlets under the Connections Inspector. The one I created after the fact, ExampleClass.xib, has no Outlets section. I may be overlooking something, but Ive tried restarting xCode, looking at other example code, etc... and I cant figure this out.p
Negative 325 pI would like to know if there is a fundamental reason for limiting the depth of recursion in F to 10000 or so, and ideally how to avoid that limit. I think it is perfectly reasonable to write code that uses On stack space, and would be grateful if someone who disagrees could explain why they do. Many thanks. I explain my thinking below. p  pI dont see that there is any reason for not allowing the stack to grow until the entire available memory is exhausted. It would mean infinite recursion would take longer to notice, but its not as if we cannot already write programs that consume an infinite amount of memory. I am aware it is possible to reduce stack usage to O1 using continuations and tail recursion, but I dont particularly see how it is good for me to have to do that all the time. Neither do I see how it helps to have to know when a function is likely to need to process a large input well, by the standards of an 8bit microcontroller.p  pI think this is fundamentally different from having to e.g. use accumulating parameters to avoid quadratic time behavior. While that too involves worrying about implementation details, and does not need to be done for small inputs, it is also very different in that the compiler cannot trivially remove the problem on its own. It is furthermore different in that slightly complicated On code that would have been On2 if written naively is very substantially more useful than the simple, slow, easytoread version. In contrast, continuationstyle code has exactly the same memory complexity as the corresponding naive version, but just uses a different kind of memory. This is the sort of a thing the compiler should not make me worry about in this day and agep  pWhile I would prefer a theoretical reason for why it is not possible to have a deep stack, we might as well discuss practical aspects too. It seems to me that a stack is a somewhat more efficient way of managing memory than the heap in that it does not require garbage collection and is easily freed I am not sure I can even see there is a cost to allowing deep stacks. Admittedly, the OS needs to set aside enough virtual space to contain all the memory you might want to use at once in the whole program for every threads stack. But so what. Its not as if we are likely to run out of the currently common 48bit limit by doing that, or that hardware manufacturers cannot trivially increase that limit to 64bitsp  pThere is not that much specific to F here. I expect the same restriction applies in C, and dont see that it is any more necessary there, although it is obviously a lot less of a pain in practice when programming in imperative style.p  pMany thanks for any repliescomments.p  pEDIT I wrote a summary of the answers below.p
Negative 325 pIm using Samsung Galaxy S2 Whenever im receiving the files from Another Device. Its visible only for 119 seconds. How can i visible this permanently. Is there any option to do this Anyone guide me p
Negative 325 precodepublic void actionPerformedActionEvent evt      input  textField.getText     textArea.appendinput     textField.setText     textArea.setCaretPositiontextArea.getDocument.getLength  codepre  pThis method works and will append the variable input whenever the method is called.p  precodepublic void start      System.out.printlnStarting     int questionNumber  0     Counter counter  new Counter     counter  pickQuestions     System.out.printlnhere     textArea.appendApplet     System.out.printlnnow here     doQuestioncounter, questionNumber   codepre  pThis method does not work, and does not append strongAppletstrong, however it does print here, and then now here.p  pDoes anybody know a possible reason for this or have I not given enough information Thanksp
Negative 325 pIm not quite sure where to begin with this. This is basically how Im trying to get it to work. I will enter the ID of a Hire Record in a textbox, hit the show hire record at which point it will materialise that hire records details in their associated textbox fields.p  pI attached a screenshot of the form in question. I can also create a new record as you may be able to see by typing in the details and hitting create record this is not a problem, i already understand how to do this, but I also want to be able to display an existing records details in the textboxes again. Yes I just repeated myself but I just thought Id try clarify my intentions further P a hrefhttpimageshack.usphotomyimages189hirerecord1.png relnofollowhttpimageshack.usphotomyimages189hirerecord1.pngap  pAnyway, how should I go about doing this Thank you so much for your help.p
Negative 325 pThe folowing program is intended to store words alphabetically in the Binary Search Tree using the strcmp function. The issue, detailed under the program, is that no pointer is passed in the recursive call of the function in the last part of the function.p  precodetypedef struct NodT    char word[30]    struct NodT left, right  NOD  void resetfieldNOD nod     int i     fori0 ilt30 i         nodgtword[i]0        void enterrecursivelyNOD nod, char word     ifnodNULL         nod NOD  mallocsizeofNOD        nodgtleftNULL        nodgtrightNULL        resetfieldnod        strcpynodgtword, word        return         ifnodgtword[0]0        strcpynodgtword, word        return         ifstrcmpnodgtword, word0 return     ifstrcmpnodgtword, wordlt0        enterrecursivelynodgtright, wordthe problem seems to be here        printfrightn        else        enterrecursivelynodgtleft, word...and here        printfleftn        the NULL pointer is being sent over, which is peculiar  codepre  pThe thing is that, when I pass the pointersleft, right from the structure to the recursive function in the ifelse conditions, it takes a NULL value on the other side, which it shouldnt do because they are not NULL after alocating the first word in the root and the second in the right or left depending on strcmp, alocation when malloc is used to create the new storage space for the word.p  pUPDATE The new script using double pointersp  precodetypedef struct NodT     int key     char word[30]     struct NodT left, right  NOD  void enterrecursivelyNOD nod, char word         printfN pn, nod     printfNL pn, nod.left     printfNR pn, nod.right         ifnodNULL             nodmallocsizeofNOD                     nod.leftNULL             nod.rightNULL             strcpynod.word, word             return                  ifnod.word[0]0             strcpynod.word, word             return               ifstrcmpnod.word, word0 return          ifstrcmpnod.word, wordlt0             enterrecursivelynod.right, word                  else             enterrecursivelynod.left, word          codepre  pI get segmentation fault and I dont know why.p
Negative 325 pI am using this method with AndEngine to add a sprite to the screen and make it move across the screen.p  precode private void addFace       Random rand  new Random          float x  int mCamera.getHeight  mBallTextureRegion.getHeight         float minY  mBallTextureRegion.getHeight         float maxY  intmCamera.getWidth   mBallTextureRegion.getWidth         float rangeY  maxY  minY         float y  rand.nextIntintrangeY  minY       this.mFaceCount      Log.eFaces , Face  this.mFaceCount      Sprite face  null      Body body  null                face  new Spritex, y, this.mBallTextureRegion.clone              body  PhysicsFactory.createBoxBodythis.mPhysicsWorld, face, BodyType.DynamicBody, FIXTUREDEF        this.mScene.attachChildface      this.mPhysicsWorld.registerPhysicsConnectornew PhysicsConnectorface, body, true, true              int minDuration  2             int maxDuration  4              int rangeDuration  maxDuration  minDuration             int actualDuration  rand.nextIntrangeDuration  minDuration              MoveXModifier mod  new MoveXModifieractualDuration, face.getX,  face.getWidth              face.registerEntityModifiermod codepre  pp  pWhat i would like to do is, instead of the Random position being selected and the sprite being added to the left side of the Scene, i would like for it to be added to the Top and fall down. p  pI basically want to flip the direction,  I just cant figure out how. Everything i tried was no luck.p  pAny ideas or suggestionsp
Negative 325 pI decided to learn how to use an ORM to avoid learning some SQL mistake  only approach would be to go noSQL.p  pI have been able to get the Nhibernate SQL using Log4Net, using the instructions that are duplicated in quite a few blogs. I get SQL like thisp  precodeNHibernate.Loader.Loader 20111111 150314,348 [9] INFO  NHibernate.Loader.Loader [null]  SELECT this.RegionID as RegionID90, this.RegionDescription as RegionDe290 FROM Region this codepre  pNow correct me if I am wrong but that is not SQL, and I cant understand why all of these blogs talk like it is.p  pThe strange thing is that earlier when I was messing around with log4net, I am sure that I was able to get ordinary SQL logged to a logfile. When I basically did getall of an entity read a whole table, all of the individual queries were listed there with the id in the query one for each rowentity. I definitely didnt imagine this. Can anyone tell me how this is done with log4net Here is my config right nowp  precodeltlog4netgt ltappender nameDebugSQL typelog4net.Appender.TraceAppendergt   ltlayout typelog4net.Layout.PatternLayoutgt     ltconversionPattern valuedate [thread] 5level logger [propertyNDC]  messagenewline gt   ltlayoutgt ltappendergt  ltappender namerollingFile typelog4net.Appender.RollingFileAppender,log4netgt   ltparam nameFile valuelog.txtgt   ltparam nameAppendToFile valuetruegt   ltparam nameDatePattern valueyyyy.MM.ddgt   ltlayout typelog4net.Layout.PatternLayout,log4netgt           ltconversionpattern valued p mngt           ltconversionpatterngt     ltlayoutgt   ltappendergt  ltlogger nameNHibernate.Loader.Loader additivityfalsegt   ltlevel valueAllgt   ltappenderref refDebugSQL gt ltloggergt codepre  pp  pEdit I now know that it was sql, and I couldnt reproduce the emitted sql that I had seen earlier because lazyloading was on beforep  precodeNHibernate.SQL SELECT region.RegionDescription as RegionDe29 FROM Region region WHERE region.RegionIDp0p0  1 [Type Int32 0] NHibernate.SQL SELECT region.RegionDescription as RegionDe29 FROM Region region WHERE region.RegionIDp0p0  2 [Type Int32 0] NHibernate.SQL SELECT region.RegionDescription as RegionDe29 FROM Region region WHERE region.RegionIDp0p0  3 [Type Int32 0] NHibernate.SQL SELECT region.RegionDescription as RegionDe29 FROM Region region WHERE region.RegionIDp0p0  4 [Type Int32 0] codepre
Negative 325 pIm using the following code to create previous and next buttons on a wordpress single post.p  precodeltphp previouspostamplaquo  , , yes gt codepre  pIt currently outputs p  precodelta hrefhttpdomain.comp6gtNameltagt  codepre  pHow can I edit this so it outputsp  precodelta hrefhttpdomain.comsingle.phpp6gtNameltagt  codepre
Negative 325 pI need an SQL in PHP for MySQL. Please view the table belowp  precode  id        ip          time         1    88.207.189.58  1321301482    2    76.192.849.84  1321301487    3    65.253.192.46  1321301492    4    88.207.189.58  1321301522    5    12.112.221.22  1321301582    6    65.253.192.46  1321301633    7    76.192.849.84  1321301657    8    76.192.849.84  1321301710    9    12.112.221.22  1321301819  codepre  pI need to select the ips that are NEW after a particular timep  pEg I want to select rows after time1321301522 but they should be new, they may not appear before that time. In this case the only valid ip would be 12.112.221.22 row 5.p  pThis wouldnt work strongSELECT ip FROM tablename WHERE time1321301522strong because it would also list the nonnew ones. They may not have appeared before that time.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pI have the following tablesp  precode   Public Class Tag      ltKeygt      Public Property TagID As Integer      Public Property Reference As Integer     Public Property Name As String       Public Overridable Property Tags As ICollectionOf Tag      Public Overridable Property ParentTag As Tag     Public Overridable Property TagReferences As ICollectionOf TagReference End Class   Public Class TagReference     ltKeygt      Public Property TagReferenceID As Integer     Public Property ReferencedID As Integer     Public Overridable Property Tag As Tag End Class codepre  pNow i know 2 values  Table Tag Reference Table TagReference ReferenceIDp  pI implemented the repository pattern.p  pNow i have a list of Tags which contain the right TagReferences, but the tags may not be deleted, its the TagReferences.p  precode   Variabels  ReferenceValue,ReferenceID     IEnumerableOf Tag   TagRepository.GetManyFunctionel el.Reference  ReferenceValue And el.TagReferences.AnyFunctionbl bl.ReferencedID.EqualsReferenceID codepre  pHow can i remove all the TagReferences which contain the ReferenceID in one linep
Negative 325 pWhat version of Air is currently supported by the PlayBook right nowp  pIs it up to 3.0 yet or is it still stuck on 2.7p
Negative 325 pIm having some issues with codeigniters validation filter when using checkboxes. I typically used the codenumericcode filter for checkboxes, presuming it would filter for code0code or code1code but now I see there are several instances in which this fails.p  pDoes anyone know a regex that I can put in the codepregmatchcode to validate a checkboxp  pI would like this to allow for booleans and a few others code1code, code0code, codenullcode, codetruecode, codefalsecode, empty etc...p
Negative 325 pCan anyone assist me in changing the layout to 1column.phtml on the magento faq page mymagentosite.comfaq.p  pI have changed many lines in catalog.xml without luck.p  pKind Regards.p
Negative 325 pThe following code, is used to partition and add sections to a list of songs.p  precode    query  [MPMediaQuery songsQuery]     [query addFilterPredicate artistNamePredicate]                 NSArray itemsFromArtistQuery  [query items]       self.artist1  [self partitionObjectsitemsFromArtistQuery collationStringSelectorselectortitle] codepre  pWorks perfectly. However when I try to do it withp  precode    query  [MPMediaQuery albumsQuery] same with playlistsQuery, artistsQuery, genresQuery     [query addFilterPredicate artistNamePredicate]                 NSArray itemsFromArtistQuery  [query collections]         self.artist1  [self partitionObjectsitemsFromArtistQuery collationStringSelectorselectortitle] codepre  pI get a SIGABRT error every single time. Ive attributed it to the collections part of the code, as thats the only difference in the whole block. Ive tried changing title to name albumTitle, playlist, genre and more, but I still end up withp  precode[MPConcreteMediaItemCollection title] unrecognized selector sent to instance codepre  pCan anybody help me here Im ready to rip my hair outp  pTHANKYOUp  pBenBenp
Negative 325 pI hava a view with UISegmentControl SegA,SegB and SegCp  pEach Segments has different view with labels and textfields which was added programmatically.p  pWhenever i switch from SegA to SegB, view of SegA overlaps on view of SegBp
Negative 325 pWith XMLHttpRequest on Firefox I try to post RDF data in turtle or N3 format to a service, but this seems not to be possible. Whenever I issue setRequestHeader Contenttype,  ..... with either applicationturtle or textn3, the post does not reach the service and returns status 0.p  pMay it be that this object is definitely restricted to post textplain or applicationxwwwformurlencoded data onlyp
Negative 325 pI have directory structure like thisp  ul lipsrcp  ul limain ul liresources ul litext.txtli ulli liscala ul lihello ul liworld.scalali ulli ulli ulli litest ul lisame as main folderli ulli ulli lippom.xmlpli ul  pWhen in IDE Intellij10, I could access it with relative path srcmainresourcetext.txt but it seems I can not do that when I compile in jar. How to read that file p  palso, I found that test.txt is copy into root of jar. Is this normal behavior  Since I fear this will be clash with other resources file in srctestresources.p  pthanksp
Negative 325 pI think I accidentally entered the PowerShell mode so currently my console says PS cdevp  pI wonder how do you exit from PS mode to get back to PM mode I want the console window to show PM so I can install packagesp
Negative 325 pIm developing a mobile website using the jQuery Mobile library. I have a header, a footer and a content area on the main page, and any links are loaded into the content area using the following codep  precodea.clickfunction  var toLoad  this.attrhref   Loading image contentbody.htmllttable classloadergtlttrgtlttdgtltimg srcltphp echo SITEROOT gtimgicoloader.gif gtlttdgtlttrgtlttablegt  contentbody.loadtoLoad codepre  pThis works fine, except that the jQuery Mobile styles dont apply to content included this way. For example, the codehomecode page includes buttonsp  precodelta hrefInventory datarolebuttongtInventoryltagt codepre  pBut when I load that page asynchronously into the codecontentcode div, the links do not appear as buttons. Is there any way to tell jQuery Mobile to apply the mobile styles everytime codecontentcode is reloaded p
Negative 325 pmy requirement is that i want to strongsavestrong an object and strongafter savingstrong it strongupdatestrong that object with other related data all in strongsame transactionstrong, since i am using strongTranscationalstrong annotation on strongservice class levelstrong, heres a code snippetp  h3Serviceh3  precodeServiceTransactional public class MyService       public Employee addEmployeeEmployee employee throws Exception,           try               employeeDao.addEmployeeemployee              MessagingGroup messagingGroup  messageGroupDao.getMsgGroupByID1             EmployeeGroup employeeGroup  new EmployeeGroup             employeeGroup.setEmployeeemployee  the saved employee             employeeGroup.setMessageGroupmessagingGroup             employeeGroup.setJoinTypefalse             Set lt EmployeeGroup gt employeeGroups  new HashSet lt EmployeeGroup gt              employeeGroups.addemployeeGroup              employee.setEmployeeGroupsemployeeGroups             updateEmployeeemployee              return employee          catch AccessDeniedException ad              throw new AccessDeniedExceptionAccess Denied          catch Exception e              log.errorError Occurred While Adding Employee   e.getMessage             e.printStackTrace             return null                 codepre  h3DAOh3  precodepublic class MyDao       public void addEmployeeEmployee employee          employee  Employee getCurrentSession.mergeemployee         getCurrentSession.saveemployee           public void updateEmployeeEmployee employee          getCurrentSession.updateemployee        codepre  h3Issueh3  pIn the service, after saving the object and trying to update, I found out that the ID of the saved object is 0 so it suppose that its not saved I guess so because the transaction is not yet committed before update since both save and update are in same transaction, so it tries to insert it again, so what is the best way to avoid that, merging then saving all at once Or make the add and the update in separate transactions, or use codesaveOrUpdatecode method I am confused.p  pplease advise, thanks. p
Negative 325 pI already have python 2.7 installed using activepython. Im trying to use python 3.2 just to learn more about it so i downloaded it from python.orgp  ppython 2.7 still works perfectly, but python 3.2 gives me this error when i try to open the ide.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfRbQS.jpg altenter image description herep  pand then I see the strongsend errorstrong window, if i install python 3.2 using activepython i see the same error.p  pIm using windows xp pro sp3 32 bit and i had the same error on sp2... How do I fix itp  pstrongEDIT Zuljinstrongp  pThis is the first time that i use dependancy walker so could you give me a hand pleasep  pthis is what i seep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVZJDc.jpg altenter image description herep  pwhat does that mean I already have these files...p
Negative 325 pIm taking an introductory computer science course this semester and my professor has us using Practical Programming An Introduction to Computer Science Using Python for our textbook. Im working through the 4th chapter on modules and Ive run into a bit of a snag. The book uses a module named media for working with images, but it runs in Python 2.5. I was wondering if there is an equivalent module for 3.2. Ive been looking around and so far havent found one, but Im not sure Ive looked in the right places. Thanksp
Negative 325 pWhen Im trying to debug a SQL CLR via a SQL Test script in VS2010 with MSSQL 2008 I get Canceled by user in the Debug output window as soon the deployment finish which is successful.p  pI have been up and down the Internet and tried all found solutions and still no go.p  pSystemp  blockquote   pWindows Server 2008 R2 Standard SP 1br   64 bit Visual Studio 2010br   Ultimate SQL Server 2008 R2 Both running on the same computerp blockquote  pSteps takenp  ul liVS 2010 is run as administrator.li liSQL Connection User has sysadmin rights on SQL 2008li liFirewall is set up to allow inbound on the required ports for both VS 2010 and SQL 2008li ul  pBeen through a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms165051.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms165051.aspxap  pAnd a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryee828498.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryee828498.aspxap  pTried set set Target Framework to 2.0 from 3.5p  pTried unchecked Deploy code in Project Properties under Deploy section.p  pUnder Database in Project Properties is set to Unsafe and Assembly owner to dbo.p
Negative 325 pI am following along with a hrefhttpcodingnstuff.com201001acompleteblogengineusingdjangoin60minutes3 relnofollowthis Django blog tutoriala and can not get the url pattern given in the tutorial to work properly. The codeurl.pycode code the author gives isp  precoderstaticP ., django.views.static.serve,     documentroot cstaticadornment, codepre  pand I adapted it to my Linux set up like this p  precodefrom django.conf.urls.defaults import patterns, include, url  urlpatterns  patterns,         rstatic., django.views.static.serve,             documentroot homesezblogstaticimage.png         ,    codepre  pand after going to codehttp127.0.0.18000staticimage.pngcode I received the following error p  precodePage not found 404 Request Method GET Request URL    http127.0.0.18000staticimage.png image.png could not be found codepre  pstrongHow can I make this workstrongp
Negative 325 pIm trying to make a programm but I have some problems.Here is the source codep  precodeimport java.util.Random import java.util. public class LotteryMachine      public int lotterynumber1      public int lotterynumber2     public int lotterynumber3     private static Random randomnew Random      public void MakeADraw          lotterynumber1random.nextIntmax1         lotterynumber2random.nextIntmax1         lotterynumber3random.nextIntmax1            ArrayListltStringgt aListNumbers  new ArrayListltStringgt     int xlotterynumber1 This is the line with the error      int ylotterynumber2     int zlotterynumber3     aListNumbers.addx     aListNumbers.addy     aListNumbers.addz   codepre  pCan anyone tell me what am I doing wrongp
Negative 325 pIm trying to do that with DOMp  precode        ltscript typetextjavascriptgt             document.addEventListenerDOMContentLoaded, function                  document.getElementByIdfrmTotemundCGC.focus                      ltscriptgt codepre  pWhere undCGC is an input secret from richfaces  hinputSecret.p  pBut focus or select functions do not work properly. Any cue will be very welcome. Thanksp
Negative 325 pHey im looking for a way to do the following to populate a text filep  pif I need to fill a alphanumeric column with Field size 20 and I only have 18 characters to append two blank values.p  pthen same for numeric values if field size is 10 for example and i have a value of 5 characters to fill in remaining spaces with 5 0sp  pi.e instead of 10000 i would have 0000010000p
Negative 325 pActually i know how can i read and write an xml file using GDataXML,My problem is on adding the GDataXML library. I have already added these file but i am getting an errorp  pcodeCommand DeveloperPlatformsiPhoneSimulator.platformDeveloperusrbinclang failed with exit code 1codep  pI have found a lot of solution to solve the problem but its not working....Still now what i have did.....p  ol liDownloaded the GDataXml.li liExtract zip file and has dragged and dropped XML support folder into my application.li liChanged Header Search Option and other Linker flag in project setting.li liIn Header search Option usrincludelibxml2 and in other Linker flag libxml2li lithen build the program.li ol  pNOTE THAT I am using Xcode 4.2.1p  pStill now i am facing Please anybody help me,it is very much important for me.p  pThanks In Advance.p
Negative 325 pYoud think you find such thing easily on google or any other search provider  not.p  pI have a SSIS package that runs every 5min. My package has an error routine in the onError event handler strongbutstrong I dont want it to get in there.p  pSo in fact, the package should just exit  close  kill itself without any warning or error. Preferably this should be initiated by the script task vb.net 2008p  pThanks a lot in advance Lp
Negative 325 pplease anyone know is there any sample code for beat detection iPhone.How to implement fft algorithm in iphone to detect music beats.I see in one forum that apples sample code auriotouch doing the beat detection, is it correct. p  pthanksp
Negative 325 pI have a rails app and I have some custom routes. I have a database called Reports. In my routes.rb i have codematch new gt reportsnewcode however the problem is that new goes to the right place, but reportsnew is also still active. Is there a way to deactivate the standard reportsnew so that only new worksp
Negative 325 pI am working on a online ticket booking systems where after making successful bookingafter payment I want to clear the session id . But the thing is I am not able to clear it although I have used codesessiondestrycode to destroy the session . p  pNBI have echoed the sessionid to check if its reset or not .p  pURL a hrefhttp7sisters.in7sislabs relnofollowhttp7sisters.in7sislabsap  precodefunction bookfinaltickets       vardumpSESSION     sessionid  sessionid       sql           UPDATE             tblseatbook         SET             finalbook  Y         WHERE             sessionid  sessionid            sessionunset      ifr  thisgtdbgtexecuteQuerysql         ifsessiondestroy             unsetsessionid              echo Booking successfull                codepre
Negative 325 pI want to know if theres any way to programatically get the identityname of the application or the component that received the implicit intent that my own application sent.p  pLets say application A sends an implicit intent with action SENDSMS . Would it be possible to let A know what application was started for that action p  pThank a  lot.p
Negative 325 pIn the below XML, we want the value of the second occurence of element c, under the whole xml, which is Result. What xpath expression, can be used to get this Note that i do not know the index of a element, in my code. If I know the index of a, the xpath is easyroota[4]bc. p  pHowever, all we know is the second occurence of element c under the whole document. The document structure is the same, ie, there are two cases. One with no values for element a. The second one, element b and c, can come under element a.p  precodeltrootgt   ltagtltagt   ltagtltagt   ltagt     ltbgt       ltcgtjunkdataltcgt     ltbgt   ltagt   ltagt     ltbgt       ltcgtResultltcgt     ltbgt   ltagt ltrootgt codepre
Negative 325 pPlease tell a way to know in my app, once user ONOFF the GPS, so that i can switch the Location provider according to GPS availability. My app is a service and I am registering both providers in onCreate method of my Service class.p
Negative 325 pI am attempting to build my first Google TV application and the documentation does not reflect the screens I am seeing.p  pThe following URL is a walkthrough to install the Google TV addon  a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comtvandroiddocsgtvaddon relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comtvandroiddocsgtvaddona .  I installed the recommended ADT version 16.0.1, which doesnt have an Android AVD and SDK Manager.  They appear to be separate modules within the ADT I installed.  Neither of them include Third party Addons as described in the walkthrough.  As a result, I have installed quite a few SDKs and cant figure out how to make an AVD that supports Google TV.p  pAny help you can provide is greatly appreciated.p
Negative 325 pI have an image in thumbnail in my application and I want to display full screen image like it shows, when you click on any image in gallery and it displays in full screen.p  pHow can i achieve thatp
Negative 325 pI follow this step by step a hrefhttptechnet.microsoft.comenuslibraryff681014.aspx relnofollowhttptechnet.microsoft.comenuslibraryff681014.aspxa for reset the User Profile Synchronization Service but I need the GUID of the synchronization database. I searched a lot but I didnt find anything. I need also to find the GUID of thea service.p  pThank youp
Negative 325 pI have a DataGridviewCombobox which Im trying to add a new item to and then select that item.  Each row in my datagrid has a combo box bound to a different BindingListp  pBelow Im trying to add a new entry to the combo box and display that entry as the selected itemp  precodestring addingstring  string to add   bindingLists is an array of BindingListltstringgt bindingLists[rowindex].Addaddingstring DataGridViewComboBoxCelldataGridView1.Rows[rowindex].Cells[ComboBoxCol].Value  addingstring codepre  pThe entry gets added to the combo box successfully, however it doesnt select the value I just added.  It ends up generating dataGridView1DataError events.  What is the correct way to set the new entry as the selected itemp
Negative 325 pI am planning to make a flex mobile application using Flex 4.6. I wish to use Google Maps for that application and Google Fusion Table for storing the data.p  pBut, I see that Google Maps API is deprecated for Flash.   p  blockquote   pAlso, its mandatory to provide a link of website for getting the API   key, whereas in my case, I am not making any website making a flex mobile application  So, what to do   p blockquote  pWhat could be the solution for it  How should I use it p  hr  pstrongNote  If I need to use Google Maps API for JavaScript v3, how to use them in FlexActionScript strongp
Negative 325 pMy application consists of a codeMapActivitycode, which loads an XML view maplayout, containing a codeMapViewcode and a codeCustomViewcode which extends codeImageViewcode.brbr I use the following code to setup my codeMapActivitycodep  precodeOverride public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.maplayout     initialise  codepre  pThen in initialise, I retrieve the codeMapViewcode and codeCustomViewcode from the XML file using codefindViewById...code as usual. brbrWithin the codeonMeasure...code function of my codeCustomViewcode I use codethis.getWidthcode and codethis.getHeightcode to get its dimensions, which returns the correct results.p  pThen within my codeinitialisecode code I decided to check if GPS is enabled using code similar to the first answer here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions843675howdoifindoutifthegpsofanandroiddeviceisenabledHow do I find out if the GPS of an Android device is enableda, showing an codeAlertDialogcode if GPS is disabled.p  pThe problem is now that the codeonMeasure...code function of my codeCustomViewcode no longer works correctly, and codethis.getWidthcode and codethis.getHeightcode both return 0 if the codeAlertDialogcode gets displayed. brbr Why is this the casep  pThanks for your help in advance, if my question is unclear Ill edit it to add the full code when I have chance.p
Negative 325 pWe have a website with Windows Authentication. We have the AD group defined in the web.config who can access the website. Some users in the AD group are able to login to the application. However, some other users are getting a prompt for credentials, but not able to login. What could be the reason for this behavior How do we correct itp  pSample Structure of the config setting isp  precodeltappSettingsgt     ltadd keyGroup1 valueXXXAppleFruit.Red gt ltappSettingsgt codepre  pNote The website is hosted in IIS7p
Negative 325 pI was doing a time profiling at startup for my mac app and I dont remember seeing this class being called in snow leopard, but cant be sure.  Does anyone know what is it for img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comlVYXK.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pSpecifically, I have an XSLT macro that modifies some content. I have this in my Template above a call to a .net Macro.p  pMy .net macro uses the PageLoad event and it cant see what changes in the XSLT macro. If I refresh, then the XSLT work has been completed and the .net macro sees what I expect it to. But the first run through always fails.p  pI think that this is related to timing of the page life cycle and the XSLT macro isnt performing its work until after the PageLoad event of my .net macro.p
Negative 325 pI have a DatagridView control on a Windows form. Its selectionMode property is set to CellSelect. br I want to operate on DatagridViewRow based on selected cells. The DataGridView control is bound to a DataSource.p  pHow to get the Row collection based on selected cells p
Negative 325 pI have Question model asp  precodeclass Question lt ActiveRecordBase    belongsto category, countercache gt true  end codepre  pI am using STI with Question model as base class.p  pI have category model asp  precodeclass Category lt ActiveRecordBase    hasmany questions, dependent gt destroy  end codepre  pin categories table i have questionscount columnp  pCountercache is working fine when creating or destroying a question but when i update it doesnt counter the cache neither it increments one nor decrements other. I am using rails 3.0.7. Is this expected functionality or am i missing something.p
Negative 325 pHaving a bit of problem with some syntax trying to insert HTML after an element.p  precodeltdiv idnewdiv styleheight  heightvar gtltdivgt.insertAftermydiv codepre  pThe new div inserts in the correct place but is missing the height property in the style so looks like this.p  precodeltdiv idnewdiv stylegtltdivgt codepre  pCan you see the problem with my syntaxp
Negative 325 pI use this a hrefhttpdatatables.netreleasedatatablesexamplesapiselectrow.html relnofollowhttpdatatables.netreleasedatatablesexamplesapiselectrow.htmlap  pHere is function return selcted rowsp  precodefunction fnGetSelected oTableLocal       var aReturn  new Array     var aTrs  oTableLocal.fnGetNodes      for  var i0  iltaTrs.length  i               if  aTrs[i].hasClassrowselected                       aReturn.push aTrs[i]                    return aReturn  codepre  pi dop  precodevar arr  fnGetSelectedoTable codepre  pthis return mep  precode[tr.gradeA, tr.gradeA, tr.gradeA] codepre  pthis isp  precodelttr classgradeA even rowselectedgt lttd class sorting1gtltspan classmyvalues testaaagtGeckoltspangtlttdgt lttdgtCamino 1.5lttdgt lttdgtOSX.3lttdgt lttd classcentergt1.8lttdgt lttd classcentergtAlttdgt lttrgt lttr classgradeA odd rowselectedgt lttd class sorting1gtltspan classmyvalues testbbbgtGeckoltspangtlttdgt lttdgtNetscape 7.2lttdgt lttdgtWin 95  Mac OS 8.69.2lttdgt lttd classcentergt1.7lttdgt lttd classcentergtAlttdgt lttrgt lttr classgradeA evengt lttd class sorting1gtltspan classmyvalues testbbbgtGeckoltspangtlttdgt lttdgtNetscape Browser 8lttdgt lttdgtWin 98SElttdgt lttd classcentergt1.7lttdgt lttd classcentergtAlttdgt lttrgt codepre  pI add for this own span.myvalues with attribute strongteststrong. Now i would like get all attribute strongteststrong for this.p  pI tryp  precode    arr.eachfunctionindex          console.logthis.children      codepre  pbut this return error strongarr.each is not a functionstrongp  pHow can  i make itp
Negative 325 pI currently use Selenium 2 with a local Selenium web server and the a hrefhttpsgithub.comfacebookphpwebdriver relnofollowPHPWebdriver written by Facebooka.p  pNow I want to write an automated test for the a hrefhttpdevelopers.facebook.comdocsreferencepluginslike relnofollowFacebook Like Buttona. Because this Button is loaded through an iframe, I first select this frame via codedrivergtframearrayid gt 1code I Found out, that Facebook loads normally two frames and the second frame is the Like Button. After clicking the Like Button a new Frame is loaded, where the user also can send a comment to his wall. Unfortunately the focus is still on the Like Button Frame so that I have to switch to the second frame. How can I do thisp  pBecause I do not use Selenium RC there is no codeSelenium.SelectFramerelativetopcode method. I also cannot use the method codedriver.switchTo.defaultContentcode because I do not use the Java webdriver. It seems that I just can use methods specified in the a hrefhttpcode.google.compseleniumwikiJsonWireProtocol relnofollowJsonWireProtocola. How can I switch between frames or change the focus back to the top framep
Negative 325 pI have a HTML5 drag and drop file uploader, and it all works perfectly. However if I change say a .txt file to a .jpg file and upload it, the mime becomes imagejpeg, and the extension is .jpg.p  pHow can I fix this, I need to make sure the user doesnt upload what ever as an image.p
Negative 325 pLets use the PeopleControllershow action as an example.   What if I need to display a person several different ways depending on the application.  I have a few options based on the request format js, html but I really need more.  p  pI could make different controller actions but I prefer to keep my controllers basic unless I have no sensible alternative.  Another idea would be to have a case statement and a template parameter, but that seems to be bothersome as well particularly if certain views are for certain user types.p  pMy question is what is the rails way to do thisp  ppeoplecontroller.rbp  precodedef show   setpartial   respondto do format     format.js   end end  protected def setpartial   template  case params[template]                 when small then smallview                 when quick then quickview                 else                   fullview               end end codepre  ppeopleshow.js.erbp  precodebody.appendlt escapejavascriptrender partial partial gt codepre
Negative 325 pIm using client application services in a WPF application.  Membership.GetUser is not supported.  How do I get the current userp
Negative 325 pIm looking for a simple example of some code showing how to use jquery autocomplete with ids and values, json and php, but I cant find any. Basically I have a list of employee names in a database, they have an id and a name. I would like to display the name, but use the id in a hidden field in my form submission. I would like to provide the list of names via php and json ajax. I would also like to use the feature where you have to enter say 3 characters before it shows the autocomplete, since it is a very long list of employee names. Not sure whether you have to pass the 3 characters to the php as a parameter for this.p  pIm a noob so a simple example would really be appreciated.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pThe official explanations of codeTextViewcode is a hrefhttpsdeveloper.android.comreferenceandroidwidgetTextView.html relnofollowHereap  pi tried to find the XML attribute codeandroidlayoutwidthcode of codeTextViewcode, but i cannot find it. Also, all the codeandroidlayoutxxxcode attributes are missing on the web page. does android website forget to put it here or i miss something on the web page i know that i can search for the attribute with google. anyhow, the androidlayoutxxx is a part of codeTextViewcode, and the web page should refer to it on the page of codeTextViewcode. or i would think that androidlayoutxxx isnt a part of codeTextViewcode XML attributes.p
Negative 325 pIm having trouble understanding a phrase in the latest version of the OAuth2 spec a hrefhttptools.ietf.orghtmldraftietfoauthv223 relnofollowhttptools.ietf.orghtmldraftietfoauthv223a at the time of this writing. I came across this paragraph in a hrefhttptools.ietf.orghtmldraftietfoauthv223section2.1 relnofollowsection 2.1 about client typesap  precodeThe authorization server SHOULD NOT make assumptions about the client type, nor accept the type information provided by the client developer without first establishing trust. codepre  pWhat exactly does establishing trust mean in this context According to the spec, the client type is a piece of information that the client must provide at registration time that later affects the authorization flow, and it is either confidential or public.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to make a Collaborative EditorI have to use Linux networking libraries for all the networking stuff, I have the main widgetcustom made class that inherits QWidget with all the components. In the constructor I create all the Widgets on this main Widget and at the end I try to create a new thread using QFutureI use QFuture instead of QThread cause it allows me easily to call functions with any type of parameters, like QTextEdit, QTextCursor... but it gives me this error at compilation br  strongQObject Cannot create children for a parent that is in a different thread. Parent is QTextDocument0x1b064b0, parents thread is QThread0x1985750, current thread is QThread0x1ae7610.strong br How to solve the errorbr Here is my code br strongmainwindow.hstrongp  precode...includes using namespace QtConcurrent ... namespace Ui      class Widget     class TextEdit   class TextEdit class Widget  class Widget  public QWidget      QOBJECT  public     WidgetQWidget parent  0     Widget     ...     QFutureltvoidgt thread   class TextEdit  public QTextEdit      QOBJECT     ...   static void receiveKeyPressTextEdit textedit, QTextCursor secondUserCursor      unsigned long long int Number  NULL     QMessageBoxinformationtexteditgtparentWidget, UI Component, This makes the thread to throw the error     while1 ifconnected  1          readrecvFileDescriptor, ampNumber, sizeofunsigned long long int           if Number  NULL             if Number  QtKeyHome                secondUserCursorgtmovePositionQTextCursorStartOfLine               ...               else                  QTextCharFormat backgroundFormat  texteditgttextCursor.charFormat                 backgroundFormat.setBackgroundQColorlightGreen                 If I dont use QMessageBox up there, it breaks here on the next command                 secondUserCursorgtsetCharFormatbackgroundFormat                 secondUserCursorgtsetPositiontexteditgttextCursor.position                 secondUserCursorgtinsertTextQStringnumberNumber                 else             while         the function codepre  pAnd strongmainwindow.cppstrongbrp  precodeinclude mainwindow.h  WidgetWidgetQWidget parent  ... thread  runreceiveKeyPress, thisgtedit1, thisgtedit1gtsecondUserCursor run is from QtConcurrent namespace   codepre  pbr strongmain.cppstrongbrp  precodeint mainint argc, char argv[]      QApplication aargc, argv     Widget window ...     window.show     return a.exec  codepre  pbrbr Ive read here on stackoverflow how others use QObjectwhich I never used and I dont get the idea of it and QThreadthe only combination but I already tried to use QThread and I wasnt able to pass QTextEdit and QTextCursor to it.br br strongThanks in advancestrongbr strongEditstrongbrbrbr strongmainwindow.hstrongp  precodeclass TextEdit  public QTextEdit      QOBJECT ... public slots     void receiveKeyPressqulonglong ...  codepre  pbr strongmainwindow.cppstrongp  precodevoid TextEditreceiveKeyPressqulonglong Number  if Number  QtKeyHome  ...  codepre  pbr strongrecvthread.hstrong  created based on this link a hrefhttpdeveloper.qt.nokia.comdocqt4.8threadbasics.htmlexample3clock relnofollowhttpdeveloper.qt.nokia.comdocqt4.8threadbasics.htmlexample3clockap  precodeinclude ltQThreadgt include mainwindow.h To get TextEdit in here  class RecvThread  public QThread      QOBJECT  signals     void transferDataToSlotqulonglong Data  protected     void run  codepre  pbr strongrecvthread.cppstrongp  precodeinclude recvthread.h  void RecvThreadrun      unsigned long long int Number  NULL     while1 ifconnected  1          readrecvFileDescriptor, ampNumber, sizeofunsigned long long int         if Number  NULL              emit transferDataToSlotNumber                codepre  pbr strongmain.cppstrongp  precode... include recvthread.h  int mainint argc, char argv[]      QApplication aargc, argv     Widget window     RecvThread recvThread ...     QObjectconnectamprecvThread, SIGNALtransferDataToSlotqulonglong, window.edit1, SLOTreceiveKeyPressqulonglong, QtQueuedConnection line 38     recvThread.start     Displaying the window     window.show     a.exec     recvThread.quit     recvThread.wait     return 0  codepre  pAm I doing it rightp
Negative 325 pSo i have a Windows Server 2008 virtual machine on Azure, and I need to install the XPS Document writer. The problem is that the spooler is not started. When I try to start the spooler i get the 1058 error. I tried clearing the printers from the spooler, removing registry keys, starting RPCSS service, still nothing. If I try to install a printer i get an error stating that the spooler is not started. I tried to install new hardware, I selected the XPS driver from Windowssystem32spooltoolsMicrosoft XPS Document Writer but i get a driver install failure. I searched on Goolge and i found out that you can enable XPS document writer with the DISM tool but the machine does not have it.p  pDoes anyone have any ideasp  pP.S. XPS document viewer is enabled...but thats the viewerp
Negative 325 pIm using Eclipse with Googles WindowBuilder.  When I run my program, WindowBuild launches my browser and my program is displayed in a web.  All very slow.p  pHow do I configure, if possible, WindowBuilder so it does not launch the web browser, similar to how Netbeans runs its programsp  h2Edit 1h2  pThis is similar to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4566150caniusewindowbuilderajavavisualeditoreclipsepluginwithoutgwtsupporCan I use WindowBuilder without GWTa, but Im looking for an example or instructions for creating simple nonGWT application.p
Negative 325 pI am attempting to refactor a large legacy webapp so it will support serialization.  During testing I restart the webapp via the Tomcat manager and see serialization exceptions in the console.   However, the class which is the culprit not serializaing correct isnt shown.  I suspect it displayed at the end of the error message but in the console it just shows, ...28 more after listing all the standard stack trace.p  pIs there a simple way to identify which classes arent serializing  Given the size of the app it would be faster and easier if I can find out by looking at log files than manually reviewing every class many of which arent session scoped.  if the class is indeed listed at the end of the stacktrace, how I can enable Tomcat logging so it writes this to file  I have a vanilla install of Tomcat within MyEclipse and it doesnt appear to log system messages p
Negative 325 pI am trying to create a persistent and shared variable that will keep track of the number of notifications available to the user in a Blackberry app. This number is showed on the home screen and  should be kept even after the device is turned off until they check the application themselves, then the number is reset. I have been using a singleton to share the variable between the background process and the UI app itself belowp  precodeimport net.rim.device.api.system.RuntimeStore  public class IconManager      private static IconManager instance     private static final long GUID  0xab4dd61c5d004c18L     private int iconCount       constructor     private IconManager          iconCount  0           public static IconManager getInstance          if instance  null              instance  IconManager RuntimeStore.getRuntimeStore.getGUID             if instance  null                  IconManager singleton  new IconManager                  RuntimeStore.getRuntimeStore.putGUID, singleton                  instance  singleton                               return instance           public int getCount                       return iconCount           public void setCountint count                iconCount  count       codepre  pI have been mainly using this site to try to figure out the Persistent store portion a hrefhttpsupportforums.blackberry.comt5JavaDevelopmentStoringpersistentdatatap442747 relnofollowhttpsupportforums.blackberry.comt5JavaDevelopmentStoringpersistentdatatap442747ap  pIs there an alternative to implement the persistent store given the above runtimestore I was originally thinking of using code from the Blackberry example, but Im confused on how to do this. From another thread user emmparizeauem wrote the followingp  precodepersistentCount  PersistentStore.getPersistentObject0xdec6a67096f833cL  synchronized persistentCount       if persistentCount.getContents  null           persistentCount.setContentsnew StoreInfo         persistentCount.commit           data  StoreInfopersistentCount.getContents codepre  pNow when you want to update it and save to the PersistentStore you can have something likep  precodedata.incElement synchronizedpersistentCount      persistentCount.setContentsdata     persistentCount.commit  codepre  pCould this be used in the above code somehow I am extremely new to java and BB development so any help would be appreciated.p
Negative 325 pI am new with Moq and TDD and what I am trying to do is to set up method on repository interface. p  pHere is full story.p  pI have a domain entity class called Tenant with property BusinessIdentificationNumberp  precodepublic class TenantEntityBaseltTenantgt,IAggregateRoot   ...  public string BusinessIdentificationNumber getset  ...  codepre  pNext I have repository for this entity which interface is likep  precodepublic interface IRepositoryltTgt   ...  T FindByFuncltT,boolgt func  ...  codepre  pwhere the problem is, I use a domain service which holds the rules for creating a tenant and is like p  precodepublic class TenantCreationServiceITenantCreationService      public TenantCreationServiceIRepositoryltTenantgt tenantRepository...      public void CreateTenantTenant tenant              from here there is call to IRepositoryltTenantgt.FindByfuncMethod       codepre  pAnd in unit testing where I am testing the TenantCreationService I mock the repository passed to constructor, but I would like to test the feature p  ul liwhen tenant with BusinessIdentificationNumber already exists in storage or session it should be returned.li ul  pSo I was trying to do it likep  precoderepositoryMock.Setupxgtx.FindByIt.IsltTenantgttgtt.BusinessIdentificationNumber     tenantInTest.BusinessIdentificationNumber.ReturnstenantInTest  codepre  pbut it does not compile. You know what I want to do p  pEDIT when i try to compile the snippet belowp  precoderepositoryMock.Setupe gt e.FindByt gt t.BusinessNumber  validTenant.BusinessNumber.Returns                 validTenant codepre  pi get exception p  precodeUnsupported expression t gt t.BusinessNumber  valueDP.IPagac.UnitTests.DP.IPagac.Module.TenantManagement.TenantDomainServiceTests.validTenant.BusinessNumber codepre
Negative 325 pI would like to run my application when the boot up of my device has finished. For this I have found some helpful code in the internetp  precodepublic class MyBootCompleteReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver       Override     public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent               ifintent.getAction  null ampamp intent.getAction.equalsIntent.ACTIONBOOTCOMPLETED                        Intent pushIntent  new Intentcontext, MainActivity.class              pushIntent.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYNEWTASK             context.startActivitypushIntent                   codepre  pAnd the Manifest entryp  precode    ltreceiver androidnameMyBootCompleteReceiver androidenabledtrue androidexportedfalse androidpermissionandroid.permission.RECEIVEBOOTCOMPLETEDgt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.BOOTCOMPLETEDgt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt                   ltintentfiltergt           ltreceivergt  codepre  pNow if I boot up my device the application seems to start up twice. Then I tried to replace the NEWTASK Flag with the REORDERTOFRONT I have also read this in the internet but if i do so, my application crashes on boot up. Also if I remove all flags, it crashes too.p  pHope you can helpp
Negative 325 pI have a EclipseJavaProject with an ANTbuildfile. This build file exports a jar of the project without compiling it. So I only export the sources.p  precodelttarget namejargt     ltmkdir dirjargt     ltjar destfilejarmytestjarfile.jar basedirsrc gt lttargetgt codepre  pI use this generated jar in another eclipse java project and set the path to the jar in the buildpathsettings of the project. The problem is that eclipse says it cannot resolve the namespace of the imported classes of the jar. If I export the jar manually by right clicking on the project and then Export and putting the jar to the build path of the other project, everything works fine and there are no errors. So the question is now, what am I doing wrongp
Negative 325 pI have created a BroadcastReceiver for BluetoothDevice.ACTIONFOUND in a Service to scan and Log the Bluetooth Device available. Part of this Service is to keep on checking every 30 seconds if the any of the previously found bluetooth devices is still available or not. Currently it throws me an error for Leaked IntendReceiver, I can fix that error, however I am just not convinced this is the right way to do this.  I am creating a new thread to handle bluetooth scanning, creating a while loop which runs every 30 seconds and inside that loop registering the BroadcastReceiver, putting thread on sleep, by the time sleep time is over the onReceive gives me results of the current scan, then I unregister BroadcastReceiver and repeat the loop. p  pI am unregistering the BroadcastReceiver after every single completion of while loop because the next scan gives me list of currently available devices and then I compare that with previous scans data.p  pIt is fulfilling my requirement however I have a strong feeling that its not the correct design. Could you please advice me on an alternate approach Thanks..p  pBelow is the relevant code from the Servicep  precode class ScanBT extends Thread        static final long DELAYBT  30000          Override                public void run                         isBTRunning  true             Looper.prepare              BluetoothAdapter mBluetoothAdapter BluetoothAdapter.getDefaultAdapter              try                   Log.dTAG, BT Scanning started                  whileisBTRunning                                    if mBluetoothAdapter.isEnabled                                          mBluetoothAdapter.enable                                              Thread.sleep15000                                                       IntentFilter filter  new IntentFilterBluetoothDevice.ACTIONFOUND                 registerReceivermReceiver, filter                  mBluetoothAdapter.startDiscovery                 Log.dTAG,Inside while loop for BT                 Thread.sleepDELAYBT                 unregisterReceivermReceiver                               Looper.loop                          catch InterruptedException e                  Log.dTAG, BT Scanning stopped                     Looper.myLooper.quit                                     private final BroadcastReceiver mReceiver  new BroadcastReceiver           public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent              String action  intent.getAction               When discovery finds a device             if BluetoothDevice.ACTIONFOUND.equalsaction                   Get the BluetoothDevice object from the Intent                 BluetoothDevice device  intent.getParcelableExtraBluetoothDevice.EXTRADEVICE                          BTDevice   device.getName                  BTAddress  device.getAddress                 Log.dTAG,BT Found name   BTDevice                 Log.dTAG,BT Found address   BTAddress                         Code to compare with previous scan results                            codepre
Negative 325 pIm having a strange situation where the injection of some Stateless EJBs into a Stateful prevents some lazy properties to be resolved by the Extended Persistence Context into a long running conversation in Seam 2.2.2p  pFrom what Ive discovered, it seems that any find executed in a Persistence Context of a Stateless EJB injected into a Stateful one causes the clear method to be called on the Extended Persistence context.p  pThe methods are annotated with TransactionAttributeTransactionAttributeType.SUPPORTSp  pExamplep  precodeStateful TransactionAttributeTransactionAttributeType.SUPPORTS public class BeanA          PersistenceContexttype  PersistenceContextType.EXTENDED EntityManager em         EJB BeanB beanB          public MyClassA findLong id              return em.findMyClassA.class, id                   public void method               MyClassA a  find2              em.containsa  true              beanB.findmyId   Now every object returned from As EM are detached.              em.containsa  false            Stateless TransactionAttributeTransactionAttributeType.SUPPORTS public class BeanB          PersistenceContext EntityManager em          public MyClassB findString id               return em.findMyClassB.class, id           codepre  pCan anyone confirm me thisp
Negative 325 pIm looking for a jquery based altenative to the standard HTTML strongselectstrong component the classical combo box. p  pThere are many jquery components that seems to be suitable for me, but none of these are capable of doing all that things at the same timep  ul liGain focus where the user press tab on the keyboardli liBe a strong read only no cursor blink in the fieldli liKeystrokes act in the same way of the html selectli liupdown arrow keys open the dropdown and navigate li ul  pIn little words, i need a component that have exactly the strongsame behaviourstrong of the html select, but that features full skin capabilities.p  pIt seems that the one used in the google services perfectly fit my needs.p  pIs this component public Is there a component that do the same thingsp
Negative 325 pI have a function codeVectorVector integrateVectorVector start, VectorVector end, long int elapsedtimecode, where a codeVectorcode is a class Ive createdp  precode class Vector      public      double x, y, z                    Vector                     VectorVector addToSelfVector right   codepre  pI want to call codeintegratecode with a blank codeVectorcode for its first parameter. The constructor for the codeVectorcode does this by default, so Im trying to do thisp  pcodeacceleration  integrateVectorVector blank, wc.readAccelerometer, timecode. p  pHowever, this gives me errorsp  pcodeerror expected primaryexpression before blankcode. p  pI thought perhaps I didnt need to give the codeVectorcode a name when I create it in the codeintegratecode function callp  pcodeacceleration  integrateVectorVector, wc.readAccelerometer, timecodep  pbut this gives me the same errorp  pcodeexpected primaryexpression before , tokencode. p  pI could always pass in a pointer, change the codeintegratecode signature to match, but this seems unnecessarily messy. I could also create a new codeVectorcode, emthenem pass it to codeintegratecodep  precode VectorVector blank acceleration  integrateblank, wc.readAccelerometer, time codepre  pwhich works without errors, but I would have thought doing it on one go would be possible. What am I doing wrongp  pEDIT Thanks to Karl von Moors comment, Ive fixed it  change codeVectorVectorcode to codeVectorcode because Im not defining namespaces and everything works. Thanks. p
Negative 325 pI am currently migrating issues from sales force to Jira. As attachments could not be imported properly. I imported other fields to jira and wrote java code to get attachment files from sales force to add it to the corresponding issues in Jira. Other than closed issues I am able to add it with the API strongaddBase64EncodedAttachmentsToIssuestrong . But for the closed status in jira I am not able to add it. Please provide suggesions on the issue to resolve it.p
Negative 325 pI have a foreach loop which echos each of the property types in my search results. Code is as followsp  precode    ltphp foreachsearchresults as filterresult      echo filterresult[propertytype]       gt codepre  pThe above code returnsp  precodehouse house house house flat flat flat codepre  pI would like to do something similar to the mysql distinct, but am not sure how to do it on a foreach statement.p  pI want the above code to returnp  ul lihouseli liflatli ul  pNot repeat every item each time. Any ideasp
Negative 325 pI see the html like thisp  pcodeltbutton classsubmitbutton disableddisabled tabindex0gtsubmitltbuttongtcodep  phow to enable the button using Cp
Negative 325 pIm working on a tagging system using 3 tables normalised. I wanted to create a prepared statement for when some searches for example red apples, that it brings up all the items which have been tagged red and apples.p  pCurrently my query looks something like thisp  precodestmt  dbgtprepareSELECT co.contentid, co.description FROM emcontent AS co LEFT JOIN emcontenttags AS ct ON co.contentid  ct.contentid LEFT JOIN emtags AS ta ON ct.tagid  ta.tagid WHERE ta.tag IN  stmtgtbindparams, query stmtgtexecute stmtgtstoreresult codepre  pIve tried making codequerycode an array and using placeholders for the  in the query and s in the codebindparamcode variable, but I cant pass the codequerycode as an array otherwise it throws an error.p  pIs there any way to make this work with prepared statementsp  pJust FYI, Im not using PDO, Im using mysqlip
Negative 325 pI have a very weird and unexpected behaivor when I assign a variable with a specific name. I suspect it has something to do with my server andor PHP version.p  pThe server was bought from GoDaddy and its configuration isp  ul liCentos 5.6li liPHP 5.3.10li liAPC 3.1.9li ul  pThe problem has something to do with the variable scope.p  pThe code is located in codedb.phpcode.p  pcodedb.phpcode and the function codeconnectdbcode are being included and called a number of times from different parts of the code. It originally connects to a database and execute a query. Ive changed it to what you see here so it will be easy to see the unexpected behavior. p  precodeltphp  passpas111 pass2pas222  function connectdbquery          global pass, pass2      echo pass. ltbrgt     echo pass2. ltbrgt   gt codepre  pThe output of calling this function is codepas222code when it should be both codepas111code and codepas222code. Weirdly, If ill change the variable name from pass to pass3, it will work and print both of the strings. strongThe problem only occurs when the variable named passstrong.p  pAn important note is that strongthis same function works as expected in other servers of our companystrong not a GoDaddy servers and with php version 5.3.3.p  pDo you have any idea what can it be  Is it server related  Cache related p  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pDoes using thisinputpost in Codeigniter, remove any html and javascript the user of the website may have entered, or do you have to use htmlspecialcharsp
Negative 325 pI have problem in deleting an element of array. Lookp  precodeltphp sessionstart i  0 expected  GET[name] foreachSESSION[chart] as name       ifnameexpected                break            i  unsetSESSION[chart][i]  echo countSESSION[chart]. .expected. .i echo ltscriptgthistory.go1ltscriptgt gt codepre  pIm getting this output 3 name 2.p  pI know that element in array exists with name name, but I cant unset it. Please help me.p
Negative 325 pIm trying to use showhide on a submenu. It looks like this p  ol liParent 1li liParent 2 ol liChild Ali liChild Bli olli liParent 3 ol liChild Cli liChild Dli olli ol  pI only want to show the submenu when I click on its parent. Currently, whenever I click on any parent, I get all of the submenus. p  pLike so  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netsaltcodz7Zgw relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netsaltcodz7Zgwap  pAlso, clicking on a link in the submenu toggles the menu back up. p
Negative 325 pI have an existing xml file that holds notifications I want to display on my site. A snippet followsp  precodeltcontentsgt   ltitemgt     lt[CDATA[         lta stylefontweight bold hrefhttpengadget.comgtEngadgetltagt     ]]gt   ltitemgt   ltitemgt     lt[CDATA[         lta stylefontweight bold hrefhttpcnn.comgtCNNltagt     ]]gt   ltitemgt ltcontentsgt codepre  pIm trying to open this document and add new items to it, but I cantp  precode        foreach string s in notifications                      XmlElement newElement  doc.CreateElementitem             newElement.InnerXml  amplt[CDATA[   s   ]]gt             doc.DocumentElement.SelectNodescontents[0].AppendChildnewElement          codepre  pnotifications is a List that Im using to store the links. The error Im getting isp  pem]] is not allowed in character data.emp  pThe notifications need to contain HTML, because of the way Im displaying it. Thanks for looking, guys.p
Negative 325 pIm asking for a compressed response from the web server usingp  precodecurleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTACCEPTENCODING, gzip,deflate codepre  pBut the answer i receive in p  precodecurleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTWRITEDATA, ampwriteBuffer codepre  pIs still compressed gzip, so Im getting exceptions trying to read it. How can I make Libcurl decompress the response automaticallyp
Negative 325 pIm running into an issue with Opera not rendering my HTML5 site properly. The site and my fontface are working perfectly in Safari, Chrome, IE9, Firefox 3.5, etc.  Im wondering if someone has run into this issue before and how they fixed it.  Heres a breakdown of my codep  pIn the root I have a folder called fonts.  This folder has all my font files and a stylesheet called stylesheet.css that looks like thisp  precodefontface      fontfamily LeagueGothicRegular     src urlLeagueGothicwebfont.eot     src urlLeagueGothicwebfont.eotiefix formatembeddedopentype,          urlLeagueGothicwebfont.woff formatwoff,          urlLeagueGothicwebfont.ttf formattruetype,          urlLeagueGothicwebfont.svgLeagueGothicRegular formatsvg     fontweight normal     fontstyle normal  codepre  pMy home page is referencing this stylesheet accordinglyp  precodeltlink relstylesheet hreffontsstylesheet.css typetextcssgt  codepre  pI have a menu that looks similar to thisp  precodeltnavgt     ltdiv classmainnavgt         ltdiv classnavbuttongt             ltulgt                 ltli classredgtlta hrefindex.htmgtHOMEltagt                     ltulgt                         ltligtlta hrefabout.htmgtABOUTltagt                             ltulgt                                 ltligtlta hrefhistory.htmgtHistoryltagtltligt                                 ltligtlta hrefmanagement.htmgtManagementltagtltligt                             ltulgt                         ltligt                     ltulgt                 ltligt             ltulgt             ...         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltnavgt codepre  pMy styles for this menu in another file look like thisp  precode.navbutton height110px margin0px 1px 0px 0px font 34px LeagueGothicRegular, Arial, sansserif letterspacing 0 lineheight34px floatleft  .navbutton ul       margin 0px 0px 0px 0px     padding 0px     displayblock     float left     position relative     liststyle none     cursorpointer  .navbutton ul li       margin 0px 0px 0px 0px     padding 0px      float left     position relative     liststyle none  codepre  pAgain, this code works fine in other browsers, its just barking in Opera 11.x and not rendering.  Any help would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 325 pstrongEDITstrong emitalicsem  more detailed explanation added to the question. Thanks.p  pIm building a jQuery Mobile site which has a Gallery section. The gallery has a series of thumbnails on the top of the screen. Users click on the thumbnail to emload in new content, that being a larger image, text, and potentially audio on some of themem.p  pIts at this point that Im not sure what to do the way jQuery Mobile works, its geared towards loading new pages, or views. But I just want to inject new content in a container on the strongemcurrentemstrong page.p  pTo be clear, when the user clicks on another thumbnail, a new image replaces the content of the container with new content.p  pI have two questions Im not sure how to structure the dynamic content. I was thinking id create an html file for each item, which as a rule always contains a title, information and sometimes, audio.p  pIm not sure how to script this functionality in jQuery Mobile. Its obviously Ajax, but Im not familiar with it yet, especially since jQuery Mobile has its own methods in place already which seems to redefine behaviors in a way thats contradictory to this approach described here.p  pemHere is a code explanation of what im trying to doemp  precode    lt Galleries gt     ltdiv datarolepage idgalleriesgt         ltdiv datarolecontent rolemaingt             This is the Selection UI, if i click on thumb2.jpg, itd              fill contentholder with the whatever html is in content2.php             ltdiv idthumbcarouselgt                 lta hrefcontent1.phpgtltimg srcthumb1.jpggtltagt                 lta hrefcontent2.phpgtltimg srcthumb2.jpggtltagt                 lta hrefcontent3.phpgtltimg srcthumb3.jpggtltagt                 lta hrefcontent4.phpgtltimg srcthumb4.jpggtltagt                 lta hrefcontent5.phpgtltimg srcthumb5.jpggtltagt                 lta hrefcontent6.phpgtltimg srcthumb6.jpggtltagt                 lta hrefcontent7.phpgtltimg srcthumb7.jpggtltagt                 lta hrefcontent8.phpgtltimg srcthumb8.jpggtltagt                 lta hrefcontent9.phpgtltimg srcthumb9.jpggtltagt             ltdivgt             lt This is the container, currently its filled             with the kinda stuff i need to put in it. gt             ltdiv idcontentholdergt                 ltimg srcmyimage1.jpggt                 ltpgtArtwork Titleltpgt                 ltpgtCaptionltpgt                 ltaudiogtmp3ltaudiogt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0dbKy.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pI would like my app to support PortraitUpSideDown orientation. I have changed the info.p list to reflect this and tried to implement the change on one view as a testp  precode BOOLshouldAutorotateToInterfaceOrientationUIInterfaceOrientationinterfaceOrientation       Return YES for supported orientations     return interfaceOrientation  UIInterfaceOrientationPortrait     return YES     return interfaceOrientation  UIInterfaceOrientationPortraitUpsideDown     return YES   codepre  pBut the view does not respond. Do I need to implement this on all views before the app responds Is there a Xib setting I need to changep
Negative 325 pIf I have two or more tabs open at the same domain, is there a simple way to sense the presence of the other one, so as to control what computations I do  I understand there is a window.open function, but I am not opening one window from another.  Instead imagine a user goes with two tabs to mydomain.com.p  pI have started writing some code doing using HTML5 local storage, where I periodically leave messages and check messages, but this seems a bit convoluted.p
Negative 325 pThere is already a similar question here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7464536Rails  CarrierWave NoMethodError undefined method name39 for nilNilClassa but the solution there was to fix a typo.p  pI am already using Rails and Carrierwave in the same project with no problems. There is a simple AR modelp  precodeclass Upload lt ActiveRecordBase   attraccessible title, datafile, caption   mountuploader upload, DataFileUploader    validates title, datafile, presence gt true end codepre  pIn the controller thers is as usualp  precodedef create   upload  Upload.newparams[upload]    if upload.save     redirectto newadminuploadpath, notice gt tsite.successfullycreatedresource   else     render action gt new   end end codepre  pStraight forward. When submitting the form the following error occuresp  precodeActiveRecordStatementInvalid in AdminUploadsControllercreate  NoMethodError undefined method name for nilNilClass INSERT INTO uploads caption,     createdat, datafile, title, updatedat VALUES , , , ,  codepre  pI dont see the error and dont understand, where name comes from. When leaving away mountuploader upload, DataFileUploader in the AR model, everything works fine.p  pWhat is wrong herep  pThanks a lotp
Negative 325 pIn Scala, its possible to define class attributes in the constructor. But once you declare them there, its not possible anymore to change the behavior getters and setters, like you can when declaring in the class bodyp  pExamplep  precodeclass MyExamplevar attribute  String      def attribute trying to override getter lt doesnt work   class MyExampletheAttribute  String     def attribute  theAttribute overriding default accessor was var  codepre  pIf its not possible, why is it so It seems confusing when you show people that they can easily create attributes by setting var or val in constructor, and not care about getters and setters they can change if they need, to ultimately find that, in fact, you should avoid using those kind of facilitations.p
Negative 325 pI created a custom XML configuration file called config.xml and placed it in the configs directory in the Zend Framework. I want to use it in one of my controllers using ZendConfigXml. What I have is not working, and it says An error occurred. Application error. How do I read in a custom XML config file from a controller This is what I have in my controller so farp  precodeclass IndexController extends ZendControllerAction      public function init               Initialize action controller here            public function indexAction               action body         config  new ZendConfigXmlconfig.xml, staging         echo configgthost       codepre
Negative 325 pWeve got an application written in Delphi that uses a hrefhttpcode.google.compdelphionrails relnofollowDelphi On Railsa and acts as a server and communicates with clients using HTTP, JSON and websockets. We ran into some issues lately and its hard to debug them and find the problems source.p  pUsing Wireshark for traffic analysis, we could see the following behaviour Theres a request from a client HTTP GET for a file. Usually, we process that request and send a HTTP status code, the file if not cached etc. However, we have a reproducable problem where theres only the request from the client, a TCP SYN from the server, but after that, the server sends a RST packet and the TCP communication stops.p  pThe strange thing is, we can reproduce the problem quite well although the files where the RST packet disrupts the communication differ and it mysteriously vanishes in one of the following casesp  ul liIn debug environment Delphi IDE, disabling a hrefhttpmadshi.net relnofollowmadExceptali liIn release environment, not patching the executable with madExceptPatchli liemGive focus to a different window than the main application window.emli ul  pAs we had some problems with Delphi On Rails and had to do minor modifications to it to avoid access violations and debug exceptions, I suspect DOR to be the culprit and some strange memory corruption or uncatched exception to be the bug, but its still confusing, especially the fact that the problem vanishes if we change focus.p  pMy main question is not how to solve this problem, but how to debug it and where to look for problems. The source of the TCP reset also puzzles me, as we dont run into a hrefhttpcode.google.compdelphionrailssourcebrowsetrunksrcdorHTTPStub.pas1052 relnofollowthe usual procedures that process requestsa in that case and it seems like either DOR or something else the application, Winsock, OS resets the connection by mistake.p  pFor completeness, as it might be related, here are issues that I reported at the Delphi On Rails project and a forum thread where I asked the madExcept author about the problem a hrefhttpcode.google.compdelphionrailsissuesdetailid6 relnofollowIssue 6a, a hrefhttpcode.google.compdelphionrailsissuesdetailid7 relnofollowIssue 7a, a hrefhttpcode.google.compdelphionrailsissuesdetailid8 relnofollowIssue 8a, a hrefhttpforum.madshi.netviewtopic.phpf4ampt27255 relnofollowforum entrya.p
Negative 325 pWhen a new simple product is added via CSV or manually we need to check if the appropriate configurable product has been added where SKU  itemnumberitemcolourcode e.g. BLEA2606BBK001. If the configurable product exists then associate the simple product. If the configurable product does not exist then create using the data in the simple product AND then associate the simple product. I found some help from a hrefhttpwww.magentocommerce.comwiki3storesetupandmanagementimportexporthowtoautomaticallyimportsimplegroupedandconfigurableproducts relnofollowHEREa but dont know how check if configurable product already exists, and if not how to create one.p  pa hrefhttpwww.magentocommerce.comboardsviewthread35865P120t140639 relnofollowHerea is the script file that I downloaded. Can anybody advice if this will work with my scenario p  pstrongEDITEDstrongp  pI have scraped the idea of creating configurable product in import. I am doing it by capturing the catalogproductsaveafter event now. Hopefully that will get me somewhere.p  pstrongEDITED 2strongp  pOK, Finally, I have it working. Im doing it in the observer. I know it slows down the product save process but couldnt think of any other way. Thats what Im doing p  precodepublic function productSaveobserver      p  observergtgetProduct      pr  MagegetModelcatalogproductgtloadpgtgetId     attributeValue  MagegetResourceModelcatalogproductgtgetAttributeRawValueprgtgetId, size  loads attribute option value      qtyStock  MagegetModelcataloginventorystockitemgtloadByProductprgtgetQty     MagelogQty .qtyStock.prgtgetId, null, test.txt     if prgtgetTaxClassId  0  issetprgtgetTaxClassId          taxClass  None      elseif prgtgetTaxClassId  2          taxClass  Taxable Goods      elseif prgtgetTaxClassId  4          taxClass  Shipping not used by AvaTax      elseif prgtgetTaxClassId  5          taxClass  General           configSku  prgtgetItemNumber..prgtgetItemColourCode     category  array     categoryCollection  prgtgetCategoryCollection     foreach categoryCollection as cat          category[]  catgtgetId           configExist  MagegetModelcatalogproductgtloadByAttributesku,configSku      ifconfigExist ampamp configSku            MagelogconfigExist, null, test.txt         MagelogconfigSku, null, test.txt         newids         array         currentids     configExistgtgetTypeInstancegtgetUsedProductIds          foreachcurrentids as tempid                     newids[]  tempid                    ifconfigExist ampamp configSku             attsize  MagegetModeleaventityattributegtloadByCodecatalogproduct,size         attsizes  thisgtgetAttListsize          confProduct  MagegetModelcatalogproduct         confProductgtsetAttributeSetId10         confProductgtsetSkuconfigSku         confProductgtsetTypeIdconfigurable         confProductgtsetNameprgtgetName         confProductgtsetDescriptionprgtgetDescription         confProductgtsetShortDescriptionprgtgetShortDescription         confProductgtsetCreatedAtstrtotimenow         confProductgtsetPriceprgtgetPrice         confProductgtsetStatus1         confProductgtsetVisibilityMageCatalogModelProductVisibilityVISIBILITYBOTH         confProductgtsetWebsiteIDsarray1         confProductgtsetStockDataarray          isinstock gt 1,          qty gt 9999                  confProductgtsetTaxClassId taxClass          confProductgtsetCategoryIds category            Set Configurable Attributes          confProductgtsetConfigurableAttributesDatatmp  array           arraymergeattsizegtgetData, arraylabel gt , values gt sizevalues                   simpleProducts  array           prgtgetIdgtarray attributeidgt145, labelgtsize, valueindexgtattributeValue, ispercentgt0, pricingvaluegt                     Set Associated Products          confProductgtsetConfigurableProductsData simpleProducts           printr getclassmethods confProduct            confProductgtsave           elseif configExist ampamp inarrayprgtgetId, newids          newids         array         currentids     configExistgtgetTypeInstancegtgetUsedProductIds         currentids[]   prgtgetId         currentids     arrayuniquecurrentids          foreachcurrentids as tempid                      parsestrposition, newids[tempid]                  Mageloginside, null, test.txt         Magelogcurrentids, null, test.txt         configExistgtsetConfigurableProductsDatanewidsgtsave                  codepre  pAll works fine with manual product saveupdate and import csv it is slow but works. The only thing is, in configurable product, the Attribute Name field is empty. How to set attribute name therep
Negative 325 pThis is not the first time Ive had problems with clock times in a programming language. Basically Im measuring how fast a function is running by calling it in a while loop. Problem is that for some reason the elapsed time keeps getting shorter the longer the while loop runs. Can anyone explain Code below.p  precodeDescriptiveStatistics stats  new DescriptiveStatistics whiletrue      long startTime  System.nanoTime     executeSaxonXsltTransformation     long stopTime  System.nanoTime     long elapsedTime  stopTimestartTime     stats.addValuedoubleelapsedTime     System.out.printlnstats.getN  elapsedTime   stats.getMean  codepre  pSo after about 1,000 runs the elapsed time is 750k to 850k. But after about 100,000 runs the elapsed time drops to 580k to 750k. The continual decrease is best noticed by watching the average stats.getMeans, which after 108k loops has an average of 632k compared to 3k loops with an average of 1million. Switching to currentTimeMillis instead of nanoTime doesnt change anything.p
Negative 325 pI have been trying to figure out why this has been happening but it seems that, in the iPad version of my universal app, it is loading the iPhone .xib instead of the iPad one.p  pI have named my iPhone xibs with a suffix of iphone.xib and I left my iPad ones just with .xib . I read to do that because someone said that worked for them but in my case it did not work for mep  pEven if I do ipad.xib and iphone.xib for the different .xib files, it still loads the iPhone version p  pstrongIs there any way to completely confirm that it is loading the iPhone version instead of the iPad versionstrongp  pstrongAnd is there any way to fix this issue so that the iPad loads the iPad .xibsstrongp  pThanksp  precode BOOLapplicationUIApplication application didFinishLaunchingWithOptionsNSDictionary launchOptions         self.window  [[[UIWindow alloc] initWithFrame[[UIScreen mainScreen] bounds]] autorelease]   Override point for customization after application launch.     self.viewController  [[[MyViewController alloc] initWithNibNameMyViewController bundle[NSBundle mainBundle]] autorelease]     self.window.rootViewController  self.viewController     [self.window makeKeyAndVisible]     return YES  codepre
Negative 325 pNote that this is source jars  not compiled jars. p  pAssuming I have the followingp  precodeltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.swinglabsltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtswingxltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt0.9.2ltversiongt     ltscopegtsystemltscopegt     ltsystemPathgtproject.basedirlibswingx0.9.3.jarltsystemPathgt ltdependencygt codepre  pHow do I add my source jars so they can be referenced in eclipse I know I can rightclick and add to the jar as source  but I wanted a maven import to do this automaticallyp
Negative 325 pI need to compare two strings, One will be taken as am argument from the gdb command line interface The other is stored in a variable for a core dumpp  pcan anyone suggest a way to do sop  pThanks in advance. p
Negative 325 pIm trying to update Status information on assignments via Statusing Web Service PSI. Problem is, that the results are not as expected. Ill try to explain what Im doing in detailp  pTwo casesp  p1 An assignment for the resource exists on specified tasks. I want to report work actuals update status.p  p2 There is no assignment for the resource on specified tasks. I want to create the assignment and report work actuals.p  pI have one task in my project Auto scheduled, Fixed work. Resource availability of all resources is set to 100. They all have the same calendar.p  ul liName Task 31  Fixed Work li liDuration 12,5 days li liStart Thu 14.03.13li liFinish Tue 02.04.13 li liResource Names Resource 1 li liWork 100 hrsli ul  pFirst I execute an UpdateStatus with the following ChangeXMLp  precodeltChanges xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemagt   ltProj IDa8a601cef3ab4c0197cefecdad2359d9gt     ltAssn IDd7273a28c038486bb997cdb2450ceef5 ResID8a16425779604b769506ccd0efabdb72gt       ltChange PID251658250gt900000ltChangegt     ltAssngt   ltProjgt ltChangesgt codepre  pThen I call a SubmitStatusForResourcep  precodeclient.SubmitStatusForResourcenew Guid8a16425779604b769506ccd0efabdb72, null, auto submit PSIStatusingGateway codepre  pThe following entry pops up in approval center which is as I expected itp  blockquote   pStatus Update Task 31 Task update Resource 1 3202012 15h 15   85hp blockquote  pUpdate in Project still looks finep  ul liTask Name Task 31  Fixed Workli liDuration 12,5 daysli liStart Thu 14.03.13li liFinish Tue 02.04.13li liResource Names Resource 1li liWork 100 hrsli liActual Work 15 hrsli liRemaining Work 85 hrsli ul  pThen second case is executed First I create a new assignment...p  precodeclient.CreateNewAssignmentWithWork                             sName Task 31  Fixed Work,                             projGuid a8a601cef3ab4c0197cefecdad2359d9,                             taskGuid 024d7b61858b40bbade3009d7d821b3f,                             assnGuid e345193836a54df387b10eb4b25a1dab,                             sumTaskGuid Guid.Empty,                             dtStart 14.03.2013 080000,                             dtFinish 02.04.2013 153600,                             actWork 900000,                             fMilestone false,                             fAddToTimesheet false,                             fSubmit false,                             sComment auto commit... codepre  pThen I call the UpdateStatus againp  precodeltChanges xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemagt   ltProj IDa8a601cef3ab4c0197cefecdad2359d9gt     ltAssn IDe345193836a54df387b10eb4b25a1dab ResIDc59ad8e2753347bdbaa5f5b03c3c43d6gt       ltChange PID251658250gt900000ltChangegt     ltAssngt   ltProjgt ltChangesgt codepre  pAnd finally the SubmitStatusForResource againp  precodeclient.SubmitStatusForResourcenew Guidc59ad8e2753347bdbaa5f5b03c3c43d6, null, auto submit PSIStatusingGateway codepre  pThis creates the following entry in approval centerp  blockquote   pStatus Update Task 31  Fixed Work New reassignment request   Resource 2 3202012 15h 100 0hp blockquote  pI accept it and update my projectp  ul liName Task 31  Fixed Workli liDuration 6,76 daysli liStart Thu 14.03.13li liFinish Mon 25.03.13li liResource Names Resource 1Resource 2li liWork 69,05 hrsli liActual Work 30 hrsli liRemaining Work 39,05 hrsli ul  pAnd I really dont get, why the new work would be 69,05 hours. The results I expected would have beenp  ul liName Task 31  Fixed Workli liDuration 6,76 daysli liStart Thu 14.03.13li liFinish Mon 25.03.13li liResource Names Resource 1Resource 2li liWork 65 hrsli liActual Work 30 hrsli liRemaining Work 35 hrsli ul  pIve spend quite a bunch of time, trying to find out, how to update the values to get the results that I want. I really would appreciate some help. This makes me want to rip my hair out p  pThanks in advance p  pPS Forgot to say that Im working with MS Project Server 2010 and MS Project Professional 2010p
Negative 325 pIt seems that Entity Framework is not able to compare a value against null if that null value is stored in a variable a hrefhttpdata.uservoice.comforums72025adonetentityframeworkeffeaturesuggestionssuggestions1015361incorrecthandlingofnullvariablesinwhereclreftitle relnofollowhttpdata.uservoice.comforums72025adonetentityframeworkeffeaturesuggestionssuggestions1015361incorrecthandlingofnullvariablesinwhereclreftitleap  pSo Im doing something like this as suggested by other users of SOp  precodestring description  null var transactions  from t in entities.Transactions                    where description  null  t.Description  null  t.Description  description                    select t codepre  pWhile this technique works perfectly fine when dealing with int or double, SQL Server Compact throws an EntityCommandExecutionException when using strings as in the example above.  The exception contains the following detailsp  precode  InnerException System.Data.SqlServerCe.SqlCeException        MessageThe specified argument value for the function is not valid. [ Argument   1,Name of functionif known  isnull ]        SourceSQL Server Compact ADO.NET Data Provider codepre  pAny idea why Im getting this and how I can overcome itp
Negative 325 pMy app was working and I did not change a single thing in the source code. Eclipse updated and now when I try to run the app it doesnt open and that error messages shows up where you have to force close it.  It doesnt even have the other option of wait like I have seen before.p  pI know this is very little information but that is all I have and that is why I am so frustrated.  I reverted back ... I reinstalled eclipse and the android plugin.  I tested Hello World and that worked fine.  I am so lost.  This really sucks.  Please help.p
Negative 325 pIm trying to post to S3 using AWS in development, but it cant find my ssl bundle.  I have it installed for Oauth, and once I tell it where it is, it works fine.  I cant seem to configure AWS to see it properly though.p  precodeOpenSSLSSLSSLError   SSLconnect returned1 errno0 stateSSLv3 read server certificate B certificate verify failed codepre  pHeres my config from my modelp  precodehasattachedfile image,    styles gt  ... ,    storage gt s3,   s3credentials gt      accesskeyid     gt ACCESSKEY,     secretaccesskey gt SECRETKEY,     bucket gt BUCKET,     sslcafile gt optlocalsharecurlcurlcabundle.crt    codepre  pI have attempted to add, codesslverifypeer gt falsecode, and codeusessl gt falsecode.  Neither of which work, which makes me think that Im configuring the AWS gem in the wrong place.  Any suggestions wherehow I should be doing this p  pIm using paperclip 2.4.0, and awssdk 1.3.8p  pI should also mention that the error occurs in testing with rspec.p
Negative 325 pOk, I have a DataGridView that Id like to load with data that Im retrieving from a SQLDataReader running in a background worker as the data comes in its a query that takes a long time. p  pMy goal is for the user experience to be similar to searching for a file in Windows where the results appear in the list as they come in and you can still interact with the window.p  pI have it working with a background worker and data reader and Im trying to add the row from the SQLDataReader.Read through using the BackgroundWorker.ReportProgress method. Everything technically works but the flicker is crazy and the form is unusable probably not because the GUI thread is blocked but just because theres so much going on...p  pAny ideas How do I make loading the datagridview smoothp
Negative 325 pHow do I pass a variable in a php file that is loaded into a page DOM to a jQuery functionp  pIve tried various methods while searching online but I havent figured out how to use them correctly.p  pI need the var navHeaderTitle to be passes to the jQuery load callback function so it sets the HTML tag, navHeaderTitle, to the variable called in the php file.p  pThnx for you help.p  pphpp  precodeltphp con  mysqlconnectlocalhost,user,pw if con  dieCould not connect  . mysqlerror  mysqlselectdbdb, con result  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM somelist  navHeaderTitle  MY NEW TITLEltI NEED 2 INJECT THIS  whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayresult  echo ltdiv idnavItem titlenavHeaderTitlegt echo lth1gt . row[label] . lth1gt echo lth2gt . row[title] . lth2gt echo ltpgt . row[description] . ltpgt echo ltdivgt  mysqlclosecon gt codepre  pJavaScript in the HTML Headp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt      var navHeaderTitle        document.ready           function              navContent.loadhttpurlmylist.php, function              navHeaderTitle.texthtml.finddivnavItem.attrtitleltGET THE VAR FROM LOADED PHP FILE                        ltscriptgt ltbodygt ltdiv idnavPanelgt              ltdiv idnavHeadergt                 ltimg srcimagesicreturn.png stylefloat leftgt                 ltimg  idlistSortBtn srcimagesiclistsort.png stylefloat rightgt                 lth4 idnavHeaderTitlegtlth4gtTHIS IS WHAT NEEDS THE VAR DATA             ltdivgt              ltdiv idnavScrollContainer classnavContentPositiongt                 ltdiv idnavContentgtHTML CONTENT from PHP GETS DUMPED IN HEREltdivgt             ltdivgt          ltdivgt ltbodygt codepre  pIve tried using this but not sure how top  precode.getscriptsmylist.php, , functiondata                     data  split                   codepre
Negative 325 pI am trying to invoke a button click from inside a .cshtml filep  precode  ltinput typebutton idImageHosting valueTo Image Hosting onclickImageHostingClickgt  codepre  pThis is the .js filep  precode function ImageHostingClick                 ImageHosting.clickfunction                      alerttest                         codepre  pI am not able to get the alert message. Any idea whyp
Negative 325 pIve been trying to implement a three dimensional BSP tree to render single objects a cube, a box with a cylinder in it, etc. which are transparent. As far as I understand, this should work, but it is not, and I cant figure out why. Everything Ive read refers to BSP tree being used in either two dimensions or on multiple objects, so I was wondering if Ive just generally misunderstood what BSP trees can be applied to rather than had an error in my code. Ive looked at a lot of things online, and my code seems to be the same as Bretton Wades ftpftp.sgi.comotherbspfaqfaqbspfaq.html, so if anybody has any samples of BSP code for single objectstransparency in particular, that would be wonderful.p  pThank you.p
Negative 325 pOk, so. I ordered a book on Java Sams teach yourself java in 21 days a week ago, and it came in just yesterday. I am working on the first example code, and I keep getting this error when I try to compile the main codep  blockquote   pCVolcanoApplication.java5 error cannot find symbolp      pVolcanoRobot dante  new VolcanoRobotp      pp      psymbol class VolcanoRobotp      plocation class VolcanoApplicationp      pCVolcanoApplication.java5 error cannot find symbolp      pVolcanoRobot dante  new VolcanoRobotp  precode                      codepre      psymbol class VolcanoRobotp      plocation class VolcanoApplicationp blockquote  pAnd the main code Im trying to compile isp  precodepublic class VolcanoApplication      public static void mainString[] arguments              VolcanoRobot dante  new VolcanoRobot         dante.status  exploring         dante.speed  2         dante.temperature  510          dante.showAttributes         System.out.printlnIncreasting speed to 3.         dante.speed  3         dante.showAttributes         System.out.printlnChanging temperature to 670.         dante.temperature  670         dante.showAttributes         System.out.printlnChecking the temperature.         dante.checkTemperature         dante.showAttributes       codepre  pand the VolcanoRobot.java filep  precodepublic class VolcanoRobot      String status     int speed     float temperature      void checkTemperature              iftemperature gt 660                      status  returning home             speed  5                    void showAttributes              System.out.printlnStatus   status         System.out.printlnSpeed   speed         System.out.printlnTemperature   temperature       codepre  pI am unable to get javac to run anywhere in command prompt Im running xp so I navigate to where my javac.exe is CProgram FilesJavajdk1.7.003bin and compile VolcanoApplication from there VolcanoApplication is found on the root of Cp  pWhen I just type Java anywhere I get the menu, but not javac. I declared the path and classpath variables, and yet it doesnt work. any suggestionsp
Negative 325 pIm sure this depends heavily on a few variables. Here are the ones I can think ofp  pDesktop, mobile, web, or server applicationp  pWith GUI, without GUIp  pObjectoriented, nonobjectorientedp  pChoice of languagep  pSo what design patterns are the most prevalent Which designs are most advanced Thanksp
Negative 325 pIs codeselectorcode a convenience syntax for some sort of longer C syntax, or is it a hard wired part of the ObjectiveC languagecompiler For example, I know that when I call codepropertycode, depending on the arguments, different equivalent ObjectiveC code is generated re getters and setters. What is going on behind the scenes with codeselectorcode Is it specifying an ObjectiveC messagep
Negative 325 pFriends, kindly help me how to update the progress bar in WX Widgets python while copying folder in windows. i tried searching a lot. Im gud to python, but not so expert in it.  just thought to switch from console python programming to gui programming.   Kindly help me.p  pThanks in advance Ganesh Rp
Negative 325 pI am currently working on a bing maps application and I cant seem to get the info box to appear when the user clicks on the pin. I have been following the SDK and It should be almost exactly the same. Heres what I havep  precode   Function creates a single pin  and returns a reference to the pin  function createMapPinlatLong, sName      var pinImg  imagespinsGood.png   var pin  new Microsoft.Maps.PushpinlatLong,      icon pinImg,     anchor new Microsoft.Maps.Point8, 8,     draggable true,     width 48,     height 48   pin.title  sName   pinInfobox  new Microsoft.Maps.Infoboxpin.getLocation,              title My Pushpin,                 description This pushpin is located at 0,0.,                 visible false,                 offset new Microsoft.Maps.Point0, 15                  Add handlers for the pushpin events    Microsoft.Maps.Events.addHandlerpin, click, displayInfobox  Hide the infobox when the map is moved. Microsoft.Maps.Events.addHandlermap, viewchange, hideInfobox  map.entities.pushpin map.entities.pushpinInfobox      return pin   function displayInfoboxe      pinInfobox.setOptions visible true     function hideInfoboxe      pinInfobox.setOptions visible false   codepre  pThe pins get created and added to the map successfully and when the user clicks on the pin it does enter the dispayInfoBox method but the messagebox just doesnt seem to appear.p  pAny suggestions are greatly appreactiate. Thanksp
Negative 325 pI recently migrated a WP7 XNA app to MonoGame. When I build, I get an error saying there is no graphics device manager. Here is the codep  pMonoGame.Framework.MacOS  Game.csp  precode    private GraphicsDeviceManager graphicsDeviceManager              get                      if graphicsDeviceManager  null                              graphicsDeviceManager  IGraphicsDeviceManager                     Services.GetServicetypeofIGraphicsDeviceManager                  if graphicsDeviceManager  null                     throw new InvalidOperationException No Graphics Device Manager                          return GraphicsDeviceManagergraphicsDeviceManager               codepre  pIt appears that my game class never starts. I created a MacOS project for the game. Did I use the incorrect one I am following these steps to make an iPad  iPhone game a hrefhttpwww.facepuncher.comblogs10parametersp42 relnofollowhttpwww.facepuncher.comblogs10parametersp42ap
Negative 325 pMy code is given below. Its a program that adds leaves to the database.I am getting the Fatal Error has been detected by java runtime environment and I am not understanding why. I am new to Java, so I am very confused about this. Can anybody tell me why is this happening I am putting up the error file as well. I tried understanding that too but couldnt find where is the error located.p  precodeimport javax.swing. import java.awt. import java.awt.event. import java.util. import java.lang.String import java.io. import java.sql.  public class AddLeave extends JFrame implements ActionListener   JFrame frame JPanel panel,panel1 JLabel empid,name1,name2,department,designation JTextField txtempid,txtname1,txtname2,txtdepartment,txtdesignation JButton find,ok,cancel String txtname11   String  txtname21   String  txtdepartment1   String  txtdesignation1   String  txtempid1    Connection conn  public AddLeave      framenew JFrameADD LEAVE     frame.setLayoutnew BorderLayout     panelnew JPanel     panel.setLayoutnew GridLayout5,2,5,5     panel.setBackgroundColor.RED      panel1new JPanel     panel1.setLayoutnew GridLayout1,3,10,10     panel1.setBackgroundColor.GREEN      empidnew JLabelEmployee Id     name1new JLabelFirst Name     name2new JLabelLast Name     departmentnew JLabelDepartment     designationnew JLabelDesignation      txtempid  new JTextField     txtname1  new JTextField     txtname1.setEditablefalse     txtname2  new JTextField     txtname2.setEditablefalse     txtdepartment  new JTextField     txtdesignation  new JTextField     txtdesignation.setEditablefalse      findnew JButtonFIND     find.addActionListenerthis     oknew JButtonOK     ok.addActionListenerthis     cancelnew JButtonCANCEL     cancel.addActionListenerthis       panel.addempid     panel.addtxtempid     panel.addname1     panel.addtxtname1     panel.addname2     panel.addtxtname2     panel.adddepartment     panel.addtxtdepartment     panel.adddesignation     panel.addtxtdesignation      panel1.addfind     panel1.addok     panel1.addcancel      frame.addpanel,BorderLayout.CENTER     frame.addpanel1,BorderLayout.SOUTH     frame.setVisibletrue     frame.pack     frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE      connect   public void connect      try              Class.forNamesun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcDriver              connDriverManager.getConnectionjdbcodbcdemo,system,scott           catchException e          System.out.printlnError  e        public void actionPerformedActionEvent event      Object source event.getSource     ifsource.equalsfind              find           ifsource.equalsok              System.out.printlnLeave added          ifsource.equalscancel              System.out.printlnCanceled        public void find       txtempid1txtempid.getText     try               iftxtempid1.isEmpty                      JOptionPane.showMessageDialognull,ID REQUIRED,warning,JOptionPane.WARNINGMESSAGE                   else                      Statement stmt  conn.createStatement             String query  SELECT  FROM demo WHERE empidtxtempid1             ResultSet rs  stmt.executeQueryquery             int foundrec  0             while rs.next                                      txtname11  rs.getString2                 txtname21  rs.getString3                 txtdesignation1  rs.getString4                  foundrec foundrec 1                          iffoundrec1                              JOptionPane.showMessageDialognull,Record Found, Message,JOptionPane.PLAINMESSAGE                 txtname1.setTexttxtname11                 txtname2.setTexttxtname21                  txtdesignation.setTexttxtdesignation1                            else                          JOptionPane.showMessageDialognull,EMPLOYEE DOES NOT EXIST, ERROR,JOptionPane.ERRORMESSAGE                               conn.close             catchException e              System.out.printlnError  e         public static void mainString[] args      new AddLeave   codepre  pthis is the error filep  pre           A fatal error has been detected by the Java Runtime Environment            EXCEPTIONACCESSVIOLATION 0xc0000005 at pc0x7c901010, pid3052, tid3732           JRE version 6.031b05      Java VM Java HotSpotTM Client VM 20.6b01 mixed mode, sharing windowsx86       Problematic frame      C  [ntdll.dll0x1010]           If you would like to submit a bug report, please visit        httpjava.sun.comwebappsbugreportcrash.jsp      The crash happened outside the Java Virtual Machine in native code.      See problematic frame for where to report the bug.             T H R E A D        Current thread 0x03054400  JavaThread AWTEventQueue0 [threadinnative,     id3732, stack0x03250000,0x032a0000]      siginfo ExceptionCode0xc0000005, reading address 0x00000018      Registers     EAX0x00000004, EBX0x329ab298, ECX0x7ffad000, EDX0x00000004     ESP0x0329ea48, EBP0x0329ea60, ESI0x00000000, EDI0x03401590     EIP0x7c901010, EFLAGS0x00010246      Top of Stack sp0x0329ea48     0x0329ea48   74355a16 00000004 034015b4 7432139f     0x0329ea58   034015b4 03401590 0329ea70 74322c5d     0x0329ea68   034015b4 03054528 0329ea84 74325fa0     0x0329ea78   03401590 74350000 0329f1ac 0329eaa0     0x0329ea88   7432740e 03401590 0329eac0 00000003     0x0329ea98   0312cd28 03054528 0329eab8 6d36124e     0x0329eaa8   03401590 0329eac0 03054400 329ab298     0x0329eab8   0329eb04 00919fc7 00000000 0329eb20       Instructions pc0x7c901010     0x7c900ff0   00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00     0x7c901000   90 90 90 90 90 64 8b 0d 18 00 00 00 8b 54 24 04     0x7c901010   83 7a 14 00 75 4f f0 ff 42 04 75 19 8b 41 24 89     0x7c901020   42 0c c7 42 08 01 00 00 00 33 c0 c2 04 00 8d a4        Register to memory mapping      EAX0x00000004 is an unknown value     EBX0x329ab298 is an oop     method        klass other class     ECX0x7ffad000 is an unknown value     EDX0x00000004 is an unknown value     ESP0x0329ea48 is pointing into the stack for thread 0x03054400     EBP0x0329ea60 is pointing into the stack for thread 0x03054400     ESI0x00000000 is an unknown value     EDI0x03401590 is an unknown value       Stack [0x03250000,0x032a0000],  sp0x0329ea48,  free space314k     Native frames Jcompiled Java code, jinterpreted, VvVM code, Cnative code     C  [ntdll.dll0x1010]  RtlEnterCriticalSection0xb     C  [ODBC32.dll0x2c5d]  MpHeapAlloc0x452     C  [ODBC32.dll0x5fa0]  SQLSetStmtAttrW0xfeb     C  [ODBC32.dll0x740e]  SQLAllocStmt0x21     C  [JdbcOdbc.dll0x124e]  JavasunjdbcodbcJdbcOdbcallocStmt0x28     j  sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbc.allocStmtJ[BJ0     j  sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbc.SQLAllocStmtJJ47     j  sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcConnection.createStatementIILjavasqlStatement27     j  sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcConnection.createStatementLjavasqlStatement7     j  AddLeave.findV37     j  AddLeave.actionPerformedLjavaawteventActionEventV17     j  javax.swing.AbstractButton.fireActionPerformedLjavaawteventActionEventV84     j  javax.swing.AbstractButtonHandler.actionPerformedLjavaawteventActionEventV5     j  javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.fireActionPerformedLjavaawteventActionEventV35     j  javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.setPressedZV117     j     javax.swing.plaf.basic.BasicButtonListener.mouseReleasedLjavaawteventMouseEventV35     j  java.awt.Component.processMouseEventLjavaawteventMouseEventV64     j  javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEventLjavaawteventMouseEventV23     j  java.awt.Component.processEventLjavaawtAWTEventV81     j  java.awt.Container.processEventLjavaawtAWTEventV18     j  java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImplLjavaawtAWTEventV570     j  java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplLjavaawtAWTEventV42     j  java.awt.Component.dispatchEventLjavaawtAWTEventV2     j   java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEventLjavaawtComponentILjavaawteventMous eEventV320     j  java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEventLjavaawteventMouseEventZ139     j  java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEventLjavaawtAWTEventZ50     j  java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplLjavaawtAWTEventV12     j  java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImplLjavaawtAWTEventV65     j  java.awt.Component.dispatchEventLjavaawtAWTEventV2     j  java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImplLjavaawtAWTEventLjavalangObjectV41     j  java.awt.EventQueue.access000LjavaawtEventQueueLjavaawtAWTEventLjavalangObjectV3     j  java.awt.EventQueue1.runLjavalangVoid12     j  java.awt.EventQueue1.runLjavalangObject1     v  StubRoutinescallstub     V  [jvm.dll0xfac3b]     V  [jvm.dll0x18c3a1]     V  [jvm.dll0xfacbd]     V  [jvm.dll0xbb654]     C  [java.dll0x102f]     JavajavasecurityAccessControllerdoPrivilegedLjavasecurityPrivilegedAction2LjavasecurityAccessControlContext20x17     j   java.security.AccessControlContext1.doIntersectionPrivilegeLjavasecurityPrivilegedActio nLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavalangObjec t28     j   java.security.AccessControlContext1.doIntersectionPrivilegeLjavasecurityPrivilegedActio nLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavalangObject6     j  java.awt.EventQueue2.runLjavalangVoid11     j  java.awt.EventQueue2.runLjavalangObject1     v  StubRoutinescallstub     V  [jvm.dll0xfac3b]     V  [jvm.dll0x18c3a1]     V  [jvm.dll0xfacbd]     V  [jvm.dll0xbb654]     C  [java.dll0x102f]              JavajavasecurityAccessControllerdoPrivilegedLjavasecurityPrivilegedAction2Ljavase curityAccessControlContext20x17     j    java.security.AccessControlContext1.doIntersectionPrivilegeLjavasecurityPrivilegedActionLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavalangObject28     j  java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventLjavaawtAWTEventV73     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFiltersIZ204     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilterILjavaawtConditionalLjavaawtEventFilterV30     j   java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchyILjavaawtConditionalLjavaawtComponentV11     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsILjavaawtConditionalV4     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsLjavaawtConditionalV3     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.runV9     v  StubRoutinescallstub     V  [jvm.dll0xfac3b]     V  [jvm.dll0x18c3a1]     V  [jvm.dll0xfade1]     V  [jvm.dll0xfae3b]     V  [jvm.dll0xb5569]     V  [jvm.dll0x118f14]     V  [jvm.dll0x140ffc]     C  [msvcr71.dll0x9565]  endthreadex0xa0     C  [kernel32.dll0xb50b]  GetModuleFileNameA0x1b4      Java frames Jcompiled Java code, jinterpreted, VvVM code     j  sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbc.allocStmtJ[BJ0     j  sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbc.SQLAllocStmtJJ47     j  sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcConnection.createStatementIILjavasqlStatement27     j  sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcConnection.createStatementLjavasqlStatement7     j  AddLeave.findV37     j  AddLeave.actionPerformedLjavaawteventActionEventV17     j  javax.swing.AbstractButton.fireActionPerformedLjavaawteventActionEventV84     j  javax.swing.AbstractButtonHandler.actionPerformedLjavaawteventActionEventV5     j  javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.fireActionPerformedLjavaawteventActionEventV35     j  javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.setPressedZV117     j   javax.swing.plaf.basic.BasicButtonListener.mouseReleasedLjavaawteventMouseEventV35     j  java.awt.Component.processMouseEventLjavaawteventMouseEventV64     j  javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEventLjavaawteventMouseEventV23     j  java.awt.Component.processEventLjavaawtAWTEventV81     j  java.awt.Container.processEventLjavaawtAWTEventV18     j  java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImplLjavaawtAWTEventV570     j  java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplLjavaawtAWTEventV42     j  java.awt.Component.dispatchEventLjavaawtAWTEventV2     j  java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEventLjavaawtComponentILjavaawteventMouseEventV320     j  java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEventLjavaawteventMouseEventZ139     j  java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEventLjavaawtAWTEventZ50     j  java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplLjavaawtAWTEventV12     j  java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImplLjavaawtAWTEventV65     j  java.awt.Component.dispatchEventLjavaawtAWTEventV2     j  java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImplLjavaawtAWTEventLjavalangObjectV41     j  java.awt.EventQueue.access000LjavaawtEventQueueLjavaawtAWTEventLjavalangObjectV3     j  java.awt.EventQueue1.runLjavalangVoid12     j  java.awt.EventQueue1.runLjavalangObject1     v  StubRoutinescallstub     j    java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedLjavasecurityPrivilegedActionLjavasecurity AccessControlContextLjavalangObject0     j  java.security.AccessControlContext1.doIntersectionPrivilegeLjavasecurityPrivilegedActionLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavalangObject28     j  java.security.AccessControlContext1.doIntersectionPrivilegeLjavasecurityPrivilegedActionLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavalangObject6     j  java.awt.EventQueue2.runLjavalangVoid11     j  java.awt.EventQueue2.runLjavalangObject1     v  StubRoutinescallstub     j  java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedLjavasecurityPrivilegedActionLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavalangObject0     j  java.security.AccessControlContext1.doIntersectionPrivilegeLjavasecurityPrivilegedActionLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavasecurityAccessControlContextLjavalangObject28     j  java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventLjavaawtAWTEventV73     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFiltersIZ204     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilterILjavaawtConditionalLjavaawtEventFilterV30     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchyILjavaawtConditionalLjavaawtComponentV11     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsILjavaawtConditionalV4     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsLjavaawtConditionalV3     j  java.awt.EventDispatchThread.runV9     v  StubRoutinescallstub        P R O C E S S        Java Threads   current thread        0x0312dc00 JavaThread TimerQueue daemon [threadblocked, id3508,   stack0x03540000,0x03590000]       0x002a6400 JavaThread DestroyJavaVM [threadblocked, id3588, stack0x008c0000,0x00910000]      0x0308f400 JavaThread D3D Screen Updater daemon [threadblocked, id3808, stack0x03370000,0x033c0000]     0x03054400 JavaThread AWTEventQueue0 [threadinnative, id3732,  stack0x03250000,0x032a0000]       0x02b8f800 JavaThread AWTWindows daemon [threadinnative, id380, stack0x02f90000,0x02fe0000]       0x02b8e400 JavaThread AWTShutdown [threadblocked, id3368, stack0x02f40000,0x02f90000]       0x02b8cc00 JavaThread Java2D Disposer daemon [threadblocked, id972, stack0x02ef0000,0x02f40000]       0x02b48800 JavaThread Low Memory Detector daemon [threadblocked, id1524, stack0x02dc0000,0x02e10000]       0x02b43400 JavaThread C1 CompilerThread0 daemon [threadblocked, id3272, stack0x02d70000,0x02dc0000]       0x02b41000 JavaThread Attach Listener daemon [threadblocked, id1364, stack0x02d20000,0x02d70000]       0x02b3f800 JavaThread Signal Dispatcher daemon [threadblocked, id2804, stack0x02cd0000,0x02d20000]       0x02b38400 JavaThread Finalizer daemon [threadblocked, id3164, stack0x02c80000,0x02cd0000]       0x02b36c00 JavaThread Reference Handler daemon [threadblocked, id1656, stack0x02c30000,0x02c80000]       Other Threads       0x02afa000 VMThread [stack 0x02be0000,0x02c30000] [id1988]       0x02b4b400 WatcherThread [stack 0x02e10000,0x02e60000] [id956]       VM statenot at safepoint normal execution       VM MutexMonitor currently owned by a thread None       Heap     def new generation   total 4928K, used 2084K [0x22970000, 0x22ec0000, 0x27ec0000     eden space 4416K,  47 used [0x22970000, 0x22b791d8, 0x22dc0000     from space 512K,   0 used [0x22dc0000, 0x22dc0000, 0x22e40000      to   space 512K,   0 used [0x22e40000, 0x22e40000, 0x22ec0000     tenured generation   total 10944K, used 0K [0x27ec0000, 0x28970000, 0x32970000      the space 10944K,   0 used [0x27ec0000, 0x27ec0000, 0x27ec0200, 0x28970000      compacting perm gen  total 12288K, used 764K [0x32970000, 0x33570000, 0x36970000      the space 12288K,   6 used [0x32970000, 0x32a2f0f0, 0x32a2f200, 0x33570000      ro space 10240K,  51 used [0x36970000, 0x36e9e318, 0x36e9e400, 0x37370000      rw space 12288K,  55 used [0x37370000, 0x37a0a088, 0x37a0a200, 0x37f70000      Code Cache  [0x00910000, 0x009b0000, 0x02910000      totalblobs316 nmethods92 adapters160 freecodecache32927040 largestfreeblock0      Dynamic libraries     0x00400000  0x00425000     CWINDOWSsystem32java.exe     0x7c900000  0x7c9b0000     CWINDOWSsystem32ntdll.dll     0x7c800000  0x7c8f4000     CWINDOWSsystem32kernel32.dll     0x77dd0000  0x77e6b000     CWINDOWSsystem32ADVAPI32.dll     0x77e70000  0x77f01000     CWINDOWSsystem32RPCRT4.dll     0x7c340000  0x7c396000     CProgram FilesJavajre6binmsvcr71.dll     0x6d7f0000  0x6da9f000     CProgram FilesJavajre6binclientjvm.dll     0x77d40000  0x77dd0000     CWINDOWSsystem32USER32.dll      0x77f10000  0x77f56000    CWINDOWSsystem32GDI32.dll     0x76b40000  0x76b6d000     CWINDOWSsystem32WINMM.dll     0x6d7a0000  0x6d7ac000     CProgram FilesJavajre6binverify.dll     0x6d320000  0x6d33f000     CProgram FilesJavajre6binjava.dll     0x6d7e0000  0x6d7ef000     CProgram FilesJavajre6binzip.dll     0x6d000000  0x6d14c000     CProgram FilesJavajre6binawt.dll      0x73000000  0x73026000    CWINDOWSsystem32WINSPOOL.DRV     0x77c10000  0x77c68000     CWINDOWSsystem32msvcrt.dll     0x76390000  0x763ad000     CWINDOWSsystem32IMM32.dll     0x774e0000  0x7761c000     CWINDOWSsystem32ole32.dll     0x773d0000  0x774d2000     CWINDOWSWinSxSx86Microsoft.Windows.Common  Controls6595b64144ccf1df6.0.2600.2180xwwa84f1ff9COMCTL32.dll     0x77f60000  0x77fd6000     CWINDOWSsystem32SHLWAPI.dll     0x5ad70000  0x5ada8000     CWINDOWSsystem32uxtheme.dll     0x6d230000  0x6d27f000     CProgram FilesJavajre6binfontmanager.dll     0x74720000  0x7476b000     CWINDOWSsystem32MSCTF.dll     0x4fdd0000  0x4ff76000     CWINDOWSsystem32d3d9.dll     0x03020000  0x03026000     CWINDOWSsystem32d3d8thk.dll     0x77c00000  0x77c08000     CWINDOWSsystem32VERSION.dll     0x7c9c0000  0x7d1d4000     CWINDOWSsystem32shell32.dll     0x6d600000  0x6d613000     CProgram FilesJavajre6binnet.dll     0x71ab0000  0x71ac7000     CWINDOWSsystem32WS232.dll      0x71aa0000  0x71aa8000    CWINDOWSsystem32WS2HELP.dll     0x6d620000  0x6d629000     CProgram FilesJavajre6binnio.dll     0x77120000  0x771ac000     CWINDOWSsystem32OLEAUT32.DLL     0x6d360000  0x6d36d000     CProgram FilesJavajre6binJdbcOdbc.dll     0x74320000  0x7435d000     CWINDOWSsystem32ODBC32.dll     0x763b0000  0x763f9000     CWINDOWSsystem32comdlg32.dll     0x20000000  0x20017000     CWINDOWSsystem32odbcint.dll     0x032e0000  0x032e5000     CWINDOWSsystem32msorc32r.dll     0x10000000  0x10061000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoci.dll     0x76bf0000  0x76bfb000     CWINDOWSsystem32PSAPI.DLL     0x61c20000  0x61e73000      Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinORACLIENT10.DLL      0x60870000  0x60956000    Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoracore10.dll      0x60a80000  0x60b46000    Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoranls10.dll     0x63690000  0x636a8000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoraunls10.dll     0x60eb0000  0x60eb7000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorauts.dll     0x636b0000  0x636b6000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoravsn10.dll      0x60fa0000  0x61092000    Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoracommon10.dll     0x60300000  0x60858000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorageneric10.dll     0x63430000  0x63457000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorasnls10.dll     0x035a0000  0x0372c000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoraxml10.dll     0x03730000  0x03741000     CWINDOWSsystem32MSVCIRT.dll     0x60960000  0x60a6d000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoran10.dll     0x62740000  0x6277d000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoranl10.dll     0x62790000  0x627a7000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoranldap10.dll     0x627f0000  0x628f9000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorannzsbb10.dll     0x62530000  0x62583000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoraldapclnt10.dll     0x62670000  0x6268b000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorancrypt10.dll     0x71ad0000  0x71ad9000     CWINDOWSsystem32WSOCK32.dll     0x62920000  0x6296c000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoranro10.dll     0x626b0000  0x626b7000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoranhost10.dll     0x62660000  0x62666000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorancds10.dll     0x629c0000  0x629c8000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorantns10.dll     0x60b50000  0x60ea9000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorapls10.dll     0x63420000  0x63429000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoraslax10.dll     0x63080000  0x63284000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoraplp10.dll     0x61ed0000  0x61f5b000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorahasgen10.dll     0x62ab0000  0x62b1a000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoraocr10.dll     0x62b20000  0x62b60000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoraocrb10.dll     0x5b860000  0x5b8b4000     CWINDOWSsystem32NETAPI32.dll     0x62980000  0x62990000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorantcp10.dll     0x63520000  0x635ba000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinorasql10.dll     0x5fe80000  0x5fe9b000     CWINDOWSsystem32odbccp32.dll     0x77fe0000  0x77ff1000     CWINDOWSsystem32Secur32.dll     0x62650000  0x62659000     Coraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinoranbeq10.dll     0x71f80000  0x71f84000     CWINDOWSsystem32security.dll     0x77c70000  0x77c93000     CWINDOWSsystem32msv10.dll      0x76d60000  0x76d79000    CWINDOWSsystem32iphlpapi.dll      VM Arguments      javacommand AddLeave      Launcher Type SUNSTANDARD       Environment Variables      CLASSPATH.    PATHCoraclexeapporacleproduct10.2.0serverbinCWINDOWSsystem32CWINDOWSCWIN    DOWSSystem32WbemCProgram FilesJavajdk1.6.0binCProgram FilesCommon       FilesNeroLib     USERNAMEsunanda     OSWindowsNT     PROCESSORIDENTIFIERx86 Family 6 Model 15 Stepping 13, GenuineIntel         S Y S T E M         OS Windows XP Build 2600 Service Pack 2       CPUtotal 2 2 cores per cpu, 1 threads per core family 6 model 15 stepping 13, cmov,  cx8, fxsr, mmx, sse, sse2, sse3, ssse3      Memory 4k page, physical 1045684k346004k free, swap 2517544k1203440k free      vminfo Java HotSpotTM Client VM 20.6b01 for windowsx86 JRE 1.6.031b05,  built on Feb  3 2012 184409 by javare with MS VC 7.1 VS2003      time Sun Apr 08 154659 2012     elapsed time 9 seconds pre  pDemo  is the name of the database which has 4 columns namely empid,Fname,Lname,designation. The working of the program is that when I enter the employee ID it retrieves the remaining data from the database. As I have not added the department Id column I am not getting that from the database.p
Negative 325 pI have several nonnullable GUID properties in my Code First data model that map to codeGuidcode in my view models. I have no use for the empty GUID all zeroes, so I use the following mappings, but I cant help wondering if there is a neater way of doing this The uncharted depths of AutoMapper configuration would take me years to explore all on my own.p  precodeMapper.CreateMapltGuid, Guidgt.ConvertUsingguid gt guid  Guid.Empty  Guidnull  guid Mapper.CreateMapltGuid, Guidgt.ConvertUsingguid gt guid.HasValue  Guid.Empty  guid.Value codepre
Negative 325 pI have a canvas tube1Ctx and a div with id sineWave, The canvas is rotated on mouse drag using pure javascript, Now i need to rotate the div at the same time with respect to the canvassame angular displacement. When i have tried with below code the transform style not gets updated while drag rotate the canvas. Could anybody please help me to solve. Thanks in advancep  precodefunction tubeRotatee  if moveFlag2  tube1XPos  e.clientX  tube1Canvas.offsetLeft tube1YPos  e.clientY  tube1Canvas.offsetTop     rotate  tube1XPose.clientXtube1Canvas.offsetLeft     rotate  Math.atan240rotate Math.PI  180 tube1Ctx.clearRect240,10,tube1Canvas.width,tube1Canvas.height     tube1Ctx.translate275, 10 tube1Ctx.rotaterotate     tube1Ctx.translate275,10    tube1Ctx.drawImagetube1Img,240 , 10 , 46 , 235        var anglerotate  document.getElementByIdsineWave.style.MozTransformOrigin0 0 document.getElementByIdsineWave.style.MozTransform   rotateanglerad  document.getElementByIdsineWave.style.webkitTransformOrigin0 0 document.getElementByIdsineWave.style.webkitTransform  rotateanglerad codepre  pp
Negative 325 pWhen doing regression or classification, what is the correct or better way to preprocess the datap  ol liNormalize the data  PCA  trainingli liPCA  normalize PCA output  trainingli liNormalize the data  PCA  normalize PCA output  trainingli ol  pWhich of the above is more correct, or is the standardized way to preprocess the data By normalize I mean either standardization, linear scaling or some other techniques.p
Negative 325 pi want to secure everything except the root.. my security looks like thisp  precodelthttp autoconfigtrue useexpressionstruegt ltintercepturl patterngt ltintercepturl accessisAuthenticated patterngt ltformlogin authenticationfailureurl loginpage defaulttargeturldashboardgt ltlogout invalidatesessiontrue logoutsuccessurlgt lthttpgt codepre  pmy login page is included in the root.. im getting a The page isnt redirecting properly error..p  pplease can anybody help with this problemp  pthnx p
Negative 325 pHow can I hide the imgtag if there is no attacmentp  pfunction is from this tutorial a hrefhttpwp.tutsplus.comtutorialsautomagicpostthumbnailsimagemanagement relnofollowhttpwp.tutsplus.comtutorialsautomagicpostthumbnailsimagemanagementap  precodeltimg srcltphp getattachmentpicturegt gt codepre  pI need something like thisp  precodeltphp if  getattachmentpicture  gt ltimg srcltphp getattachmentpicturegtgt ltphp  else  gt show nothing, not even av default image ltphp  gt codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to go to the references on an Access Database.  Im not very familiar with this database but heres my history with itp  pI tried to open the code files once and it asked for a password Prior developer assured me there was no password on it and he was able to get into the code files just fine. I then tried and, to my surprise, it no longer asked me for a password Today I try to get into ToolsReferences and the password box is back.p  pAllegedly this mdb is not supposed to be protected.  Any help if figuring out how to get past this would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 325 pIm trying to use modrewrite to redirect certain pages to use SSL.  For that I havep  precodeRewriteCond SERVERPORT 443 RewriteCond REQUESTURI login.php [NC] RewriteCond REQUESTURI contactus.php [NC] RewriteCond REQUESTURI .. RewriteRule . httpwww.example.com1 [R301,L]  RewriteCond HTTPHOST dev.example.com [NC] RewriteCond SERVERPORT 80 RewriteCond REQUESTURI login.php [NC,OR] RewriteCond REQUESTURI contactus.php [NC] RewriteRule ..php httpswww.example.com1 [R301,L] codepre  pThis works fine, and does exactly what I want it to do.p  pLater in my .htacess I have ap  precodeRewriteRule members.changepassword members.changepassword.phpitem1 [NC,QSA,L] codepre  pSo if a URL appears as, for examplep  precodehttpwww.example.commembersfoobarchangepassword codepre  pInternally it would be processed asp  precodemembers.changepassword.phpitemfoobar codepre  pAgain, this works fine and is doing what I want it too.p  pWhat I now need to do is include this in my original SSL redirect logic to ensure that any change password requests are redirected to the same URL but over https instead.  Ive triedp  precodeRewriteCond SERVERPORT 443 RewriteCond REQUESTURI login.php [NC] RewriteCond REQUESTURI contactus.php [NC] RewriteCond REQUESTURI .. RewriteCond REQUESTURI members.changepassword [NC] RewriteRule . httpwww.example.com1 [R301,L]  RewriteCond HTTPHOST dev.example.com [NC] RewriteCond SERVERPORT 80 RewriteCond REQUESTURI login.php [NC,OR] RewriteCond REQUESTURI contactus.php [NC,OR] RewriteCond REQUESTURI members.changepassword [NC] RewriteRule ..php httpswww.example.com1 [R301,L] codepre  pBut this doesnt work  I just get the page delivered over http.  Changing the code.code to code.code appears to put me into a permanent redirect loop.p  pIm guessing this is because of the internal rewrite but no matter what I try I cant seem to resolve it.p  pCan anyone please advisep  pThanks,p  pAdam M.p
Negative 325 pBy this a hrefhttpwww.asp.netwebformstutorialssecurityadminrecoveringandchangingpasswordscs relnofollowlink,ap  pThe PasswordRecovery control consists of three viewsp  pUserName  prompts the visitor for their username. This is the initial view.p  pQuestion  displays the users username and security question as text, along with a TextBox for the user to enter the answer to his security question.p  pSuccess  displays a message informing the user that his password has been emailed.p  pMy question is that I dont want the third part in this way I dont want change the password through email. What I want is to prompt the user for their old and new passwords. Upon supplying a new password that meets the minimum length and nonalphanumeric character requirements, updates the users password and displays the Success view.p  pSummaryp  pHow to combine the two parts in PasswordRecovery and one part in ChangePassword control togetherp  pThanks.p  pstrongUPDATE Workflow viewsstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comG5uDg.png altstep 1p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZkK0d.png altstep 2p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comkcgpX.png altstep 3p
Negative 325 pI am trying to calculate the window width on orientation change for android devices using jquery function codewindow.outerWidthtruecode. This calculation gives correct width on orientation change for both codeiphonecode and codeipadcode but not in android. If i initially load the page in landscape mode or portrait mode i am getting the correct width but once i change the orientation after loading the page i am getting the width for portrait mode as was in landscape mode and vice versa. Please suggest what is happening and how can i handle this issue so that i get the correct window width on orientation change in android devicep
Negative 325 pI am trying to build a website where the user enters a URL in a form and then another page that receives the URL examines the page to which the URL points without showing it to the user. However, I cannot figure out how to get at the contents of a page using ASP js version. The location.assign method does not seem to work in ASP. Is this because the receiver page is not a real website it does not have html headers or is it because that method cannot be usedp
Negative 325 pIve found that I can put codeset0, DefaultAxesFontSize,14code in a startup.m file, which then changes the default font size of ticks, axes labels, and title of my figures. Is it possible to have a separate default font size for the title or axes labelsp
Negative 325 pI have been using Mercurial version control system for some time already and several times I have seen the system warn me about divergent renames.p  pWhat I do is make two different descendants of one larger file. Like for example Ive had one class named codeHttpRequestcode that was a wrapper for codeCGI.pmcode. Later, when I decided to move to the codePSGIcode protocol, I have made two copies of this file, namely codeCgi.pmcode and codePsgi.pmcode. The original class remains and becomes abstract with new ones inheriting from it.p  pI always thought that it is the preferred way to deal with such situations because each file retains the history of the file that it was based on. But when I push my changes to the remote server, it tells me thisp  precoderemote adding changesets remote adding manifests remote adding file changes remote added 2 changesets with 2 changes to 2 files 1 heads remote warning detected divergent renames of libHttpRequest.pm to remote  libHttpRequestCgi.pm remote  libHttpRequestPsgi.pm codepre  pIs this bad Should I do it some other way p
Negative 325 pi am using a hrefhttpsgithub.comZedenemUICircularProgressView relnofollowUICircularProgressViewa and have changed it to my liking. the initialization is clear but ill post it anywaysp  precodeUICircularProgressView wheelProgress  [[UICircularProgressView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMakesomeFrame] codepre  pthen i am setting the right progress codeCGFloat between 01codep  precodeCGFloat progress  .3    example [self.wheelProgress setProgressprogress] codepre  pThis works just fine, and looks good, but i would really like to somehow animate it. I havent worked with animations so far, so my first approach was something likep  precodefortempProgress  progress   incrementing tempProgress   setting tempProgres to progressView  codepre  pthis of course is massively ugly and blocks everything else going on.p  pwhat i would like to achieve is a linear animation of the progress from 0 to its final value.p  pi have looked at a hrefhttpwww.friendlydeveloper.com201102basicuianimation relnofollowAnimation tutorialap  pand came up with something like thisp  precodeCGContextRef context  UIGraphicsGetCurrentContext [UIView beginAnimationsnil contextcontext] [UIView setAnimationCurveUIViewAnimationCurveLinear] [UIView setAnimationDuration 1] wheelProgress.progress  progress  progress  0.0 [UIView commitAnimations] codepre  pbut somehow this does not work..p  pany ideas what i need to fix herep  pthanks in advance sebastianp
Negative 325 pI have problems setting a font in AS3. I have tried several different things using ressources from forums and questions but I cant get it to work.p  pHeres the code I usep  precode    private function addContentToMovieClipsTextString, MCMovieClipvoid              var myFont  new Trebuchet          var tFormatTextFormat  new TextFormat         tFormat.font  myFont.fontName          tFormat.color  0x000000         tracetFormat.font          var tfTextField  new TextField         tf.defaultTextFormat  tFormat         tf.embedFonts  true         tf.antiAliasType  AntiAliasType.ADVANCED         tf.text  Text         MC.addChildtf         tf.width  300      codepre  pIn the library, I have a Font named font2 with AS linkage Trebuchet. I get no compiler errors and text seems to be created on the screen but nothing is displayed.p  pThe following line is for debuggingp  precodetracetFormat.font codepre  pAnd returns Trebuchet MS as expected.p  pId be very grateful if you can help me understand why this does not workp  pCheers,p  pPatrickp  pEdit when removing p  precodetf.embedFonts  true codepre  pthe text is displayed with the correct font. Not sure why but this does the trick for now.p
Negative 325 pIm using Caliburn.Micro bootstrapper herep  pa hrefhttpsgist.github.com1127914 relnofollowhttpsgist.github.com1127914ap  pEverything works if I keep all views and viewmodels in the same project as the bootstratpper.p  pBut I wanted to push the Views and ViewModels folder to another assemblyproject, I do, change the namespaces, update the bootstrapper to find that viewmodel.  Now when I run I get the error about p  pNo component for supporting the service MVVMBook.ViewModules.ViewModels.MainViewModel was foundp  pon this part of the bootstrapperp  precodereturn string.IsNullOrWhiteSpacekey                 container.Resolveservice                 container.Resolvekey, service codepre  pObviously it is not able to wire up the ViewModel, even though the VM is set as the generic parameter to the Bootstrapperp  precode public class CastleBootstrapper  BootstrapperltMainViewModelgt codepre  pThe naming convention Im using is a folder called Views and a Folder called ViewModels and the files are MainView.xaml and MainViewModel.csp  pWhere can I tell it to look in this assemblyp  pAlso added this piece to the bootstrapper as it was recommended when views and viewmodels are in a separate assembly but didnt resolve the issuep  precode needed if views and viewmodels are in a seperate assembly   protected override IEnumerableltAssemblygt SelectAssemblies         return new[]                                   Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly                    codepre
Negative 325 pI am trying to read a REG Value into an Environment Variable in a BAT file.  E.g.,p  pREG HKLMSYSTEMCurrentControlSetServicesEventlog v ImagePathp  pI can get the entire output string of the REG command into an environment variable like thisp  precodeFOR F usebackq delims a in REG QUERY HKLMSYSTEMCurrentControlSetServicesEventlog v ImagePath DO set ImagePatha codepre  pHowever, this sets the environment variable to the entire line, i.e.,p  precodeImagePath   REGEXPANDSZ   CWindowssystem32services.exe codepre  pI want the Environment Variable to consist only of the path portion, i.e.,p  precodeCWindowssystem32services.exe codepre  pThanks for any tips.p
Negative 325 pConsider the following programp  precodeinclude lttypetraitsgt  enum class dummy  template lttypename Tgt using EnableIf  typename stdenableifltTvalue, dummygttype template lttypename Tgt using DisableIf  typename stdenableifltTvalue, dummygttype  template lttypename Tgt struct dependenttruetype  stdtruetype   template lttypename T,           EnableIfltdependenttruetypeltTgtgt...gt stdtruetype f template lttypename T,           DisableIfltdependenttruetypeltTgtgt...gt stdfalsetype f  staticassertdecltypefltintgtvalue,   int main  codepre  pGCC 4.7 glady accepts this program. My recent clang 3.1 build claims the call to codefcode is ambiguous.p  precodetest.c2224 fatal error call to f is ambiguous staticassertdecltypefltintgtvalue,                          test.c1716 note candidate function [with T  int, 1  ltgt] stdtruetype f                 test.c2017 note candidate function [with T  int, 1  ltgt] stdfalsetype f                  1 error generated. codepre  pIt does accept the program if I write codefltint, dummygtcode.p  pIt seems clang does not consider the type of the parameter pack when the pack is empty, which leads to not removing it from the candidate set. GCC seems to perform substitution on the parameter pack type even if the pack is empty, and since said substitution fails for one overload, there is no ambiguity.p  pWhich of the two is correctp
Negative 325 pIn .NET if I want to create window with two panels on the sides, I can add the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.windows.forms.tablelayoutpanel.aspx relnofollowTableLayoutPanela on the window, and specify three columns fixed sized, autosized, and fixedsized again. Both panels will strongsave their size in a case of window resizing.strongp  pHow can I do this with Swingp
Negative 325 pI am working on lists of listp  pinput   p  precodex  [[a,a,a],[b,b,b],[c,c,c],[d,d,d]] codepre  pand am looking for an outputp  precodes  [abcd,abcd,abcd] codepre  pKindly let me know how can I do this using list comprehension.p
Negative 325 pI want to parse an xml document with jquery but it doesnt return anything  Heres my code p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt      document.readyfunction         envoisearch.clickfunction             .gethttplocalhostmusic.xml,  titre Pourtant , function data                     alertYoo  , xml                ltscriptgt codepre  pthe errors p  blockquote   pUncaught ReferenceError ajaxget is not definedp      pXMLHttpRequest cannot load   filehomemehdiBureaumusic.xmltitrePourtant. Origin null is not   allowed by AccessControlAllowOrigin.p      pXMLHttpRequest cannot load a hrefhttplocalhostmusic.xmltitrePourtant relnofollowhttplocalhostmusic.xmltitrePourtanta.   Origin null is not allowed by AccessControlAllowOrigin.p blockquote  pDo you have any idea about that  Thank you p
Negative 325 pIm trying to achieve the same results as per thread a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5368774makecertainareaofbitmaptransparentontouchMake certain area of bitmap transparent on toucha. Im stick to code presented in this answer a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma54393571370623Lumis answera and acording to SteD this solution should work.p  pUnfortunately is not working for me and also for another user a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7033443makecertainareaofbitmaptransparentontouchdoesntworksitsdrawablacMake certain area of bitmap transparent on touch doesnt works, its draw a black circlea, Im just getting black circle. I tried many things but not get this solve. Make background transparent as per suggestion from second thread do not make any difference.p  pAfter many experiments I found that transparency is working, when Im set thisp  precodeandroidthemeandroidstyleTheme.Translucent codepre  pin my AndroidManifest.xml I can see everything under my application i.e. desktop. I went through code many times and cant see obvious mistake, only reason I thinking is cause this is Z order, but bitmaps and canvas do not maintenance z orders. Z ordering is done by drawing in certain order which is correct in this code.p  pIs this some strange example of optimisation in android code, or Im missing something in android manifest filep
Negative 325 pIve recently run into a strange bug with playing midis in a game Im developing. I thought my midi code was working fine since it used to play midis without sounding weird. Now whenever it plays midis, they sound all tinny, echoy, and loud. p  pI havent touched my midi player code for a very long time, so Im wondering if its possible that a recent Java update has exposed a bug that has been in my code all along. Or perhaps theres some sort of midi bug in my version of Java that Im not aware of p  pThe midis sound fine whenever I play them outside of my game.p  pIm running Java 6, update 31, build 1.6.031b05. Heres a SSCCE that reproduces the problem it reproduces it on my JVM at leastp  precodeimport java.awt. import java.awt.event. import javax.swing. import java.io. import javax.sound.midi. import java.net.URL  public class MidiSSCCE extends JFrame       public MidiSSCCE              superSound problem SSCCE         this.setSize200,100           instantiate main window panel          JPanel screenP  new SSCCEPanelthis         this.addscreenP           finishing touches on Game window          this.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE         this.setVisibletrue          System.out.printlnGame Window successfully created           public static void mainString[] args              MidiSSCCE gui  new MidiSSCCE                     SSCCEPanel is the JPanel that manages the examples timer, painting, and logic.    class SSCCEPanel extends JPanel      public Frame parentFrame     private Timer timer     public int logicLoops     public double prevFPS     boolean timerReady       The MidiPlayer object is used by the example to play the midi.      public MidiPlayer midiPlayer      public SSCCEPanelFrame parent              supertrue         parentFrame  parent         this.setFocusabletrue          Toolkit.getDefaultToolkit.sync         logicLoops  0          midiPlayer  new MidiPlayer          TimerListener timerListener  new TimerListener         prevFPS  0         timerReady  true         timer  new Timer0,timerListener         this.setFPS60         timer.start                    setFPS        Preconditions fps is a quantity of frames per second        Postconditions Sets the timers refresh rate so that it             fires fps times per second.           public void setFPSint fps              int mspf  int 1000.0 fps  0.5         timer.setDelaymspf                    This is the JPanels timer listener. It runs the examples logic and repaint        methods each time it gets a timer signal.           private class TimerListener implements ActionListener              long startTime  System.currentTimeMillis         long lastTime  this.startTime         int ticks  0          public void actionPerformedActionEvent e                      Object source  e.getSource             ifsource  timer                               perform a loop through the games logic and repaint.                  synchronizedthis                                      iftimerReady                                              timerReady  false                         runSSCCELogic                         repaint                         timerReady  true                                                         Logic for Frames per Second counter                  this.ticks                  long currentTime  System.currentTimeMillis                  ifcurrentTime  startTime gt 500                                       prevFPS   1000.0  ticks1.0currentTime  startTime                     System.out.printlnprevFPS                     startTime  currentTime                     ticks  0                                   lastTime  currentTime                                          repaints the SSCCE.        This just shows the current FPS.           public void paintComponentGraphics g                  super.paintComponentg              Graphics2D g2D  Graphics2D g             double roundedFPS  Math.roundprevFPS1010.0              g2D.setColornew Color0x000000             g2D.drawStringFPS   roundedFPS, 20,20             g.dispose                   runSSCCEELogic        This is where the runtime logic for the SSCCE example is.         All it does is load and play a midi called mymidi.mid which is located in the same directory.           public void runSSCCELogic              iflogicLoops  1                      midiPlayer.loadhttpwww.vgmusic.commusiccomputermicrosoftwindowstouhou6stage3boss.mid             midiPlayer.playtrue                   logicLoops              MidiPlayer    A class that allows midi files to be loaded and played.    class MidiPlayer      private Sequence seq     private Sequencer seqr     private Synthesizer synth     private Receiver receiver     private File midiFile     private String midiID     private boolean loaded     private boolean usingHardwareSoundbank       CONSTRUCTORS      public MidiPlayer              loaded  false         try                      seqr  MidiSystem.getSequencer             synth  MidiSystem.getSynthesizer                  catchException e                      System.out.printlnMIDI error It appears your system doesnt have a MIDI device or your device is not working.                            MidiPlayerString fileName        Constructor that also loads an initial midi file.        Preconditions fileName is the name of the midi file to be loaded.         Postconditions The MidiPlayer is created and loaded with the midi specified by fileName.           public MidiPlayerString fileName              this         loadfileName             DATA METHODS              loadString fileName        loads a midi file into this MidiPlayer.        Preconditions fileName is the name of the midi file to be loaded.        Postconditions fileName is loaded and is ready to be played.           public void loadString fileName              this.unload         try                      URL midiURL   new URLfileName           midiFile  new FilefileName             seq  MidiSystem.getSequencemidiURL              seqr.open             synth.open              System.out.printlnMidiDeviceInfo              forMidiDevice.Info info  MidiSystem.getMidiDeviceInfo                              System.out.printlnt  info                          System.out.println              ifsynth.getDefaultSoundbank  null                              receiver  MidiSystem.getReceiver                 usingHardwareSoundbank  true                 System.out.printlnusing hardware soundbank                          else                              receiver  synth.getReceiver                 usingHardwareSoundbank  false                 System.out.printlnusing default software soundbank  synth.getDefaultSoundbank                          seqr.getTransmitter.setReceiverreceiver              seqr.setSequenceseq             loaded  true                  catchIOException ioe                      System.out.printlnMIDI error Problem occured while reading   midiFile.getName  .                  catchInvalidMidiDataException imde                      System.out.printlnMIDI error   midiFile.getName   is not a valid MIDI file or is unreadable.                  catchException e                      System.out.printlnMIDI error Unexplained error occured while loading midi.                            unload        Unloads the current midi from the MidiPlayer and releases its resources from memory.           public void unload              this.stop         seqr.close         midiFile  null         loaded  false            OTHER METHODS              setMidiIDString id        associates a String ID with the current midi.        Preconditions id is the ID we are associating with the current midi.           public void setMidiIDString id              midiID  id                   getMidiIDString id                public String getMidiID              return new StringmidiID                   playboolean reset        plays the currently loaded midi.        Preconditions reset tells our midi whether or nor to begin playing from the start of the midi files current loop start point.        Postconditions If reset is true, then the loaded midi begins playing from its loop start point default 0.             If reset is false, then the loaded midi resumes playing from its current position.           public void playboolean reset              ifreset             seqr.setTickPositionseqr.getLoopStartPoint         seqr.start                   stop        Pauses the current midi if it was playing.           public void stop              ifseqr.isOpen             seqr.stop                   isRunning        Returns true if the current midi is playing. Returns false otherwise.           public boolean isRunning              return seqr.isRunning                    loopint times        Sets the current midi to loop from start to finish a specific number of times.        Preconditions times is the number of times we want our midi to loop.        Postconditions The current midi is set to loop times times.             If times  1, the current midi will be set to loop infinitely.           public void loopint times              looptimes,0,1                   loopint times        Sets the current midi to loop from a specified start point to a specified end point a specific number of times.        Preconditions times is the number of times we want our midi to loop.            start is our loops start point in ticks.            end is our loops end point in ticks.        Postconditions The current midi is set to loop from tick start to tick end times times.             If times  1, the current midi will be set to loop infinitely.           public void loopint times, long start, long end              ifstart lt 0             start  0         ifend gt seqr.getSequence.getTickLength  end lt 0             end  seqr.getSequence.getTickLength          ifstart gt end ampamp end  1             start  end1          seqr.setLoopStartPointstart         seqr.setLoopEndPointend          iftimes  1             seqr.setLoopCountSequencer.LOOPCONTINUOUSLY         else             seqr.setLoopCounttimes             public void setVolumedouble vol              try                       ifusingHardwareSoundbank                              ShortMessage volumeMessage  new ShortMessage                 for  int i  0 i lt 16 i                                        volumeMessage.setMessage ShortMessage.CONTROLCHANGE, i, 7, intvol127                      receiver.send volumeMessage, 1                                            else                              MidiChannel[] channels  synth.getChannels                 for int c  0 channels  null ampamp c lt channels.length c                                     channels[c].controlChange 7, int vol127                                                  catch  Exception e                        e.printStackTrace                 codepre
Negative 325 pI am relatively new to php and mysql and I am having a problem with my mysql. It is an error I am getting and I have tried everything I know of.So from the error I can only assume it is a socket problem. Here is the Errorp  precodeWarning mysqlconnect [function.mysqlconnect] Cant connect to local MySQL server through socket tmpmysqld.sock 2 in homepages35d372939724htdocsmypetdetective.orgposting.php on line 26 codepre  pCould not Connectp  pAnd here is the php filep  precodeltphp  postingtitle  POST[posttitle] postdes  POST[postdes]  dbc  mysqliconnectlocalhost, MUNGED, MUNGED ,MUNGED or die Could not Connect   query  INSERT INTO lostcattitle,description. VALUESpostingtitle,postdes  mysqliquerydbc,query or dieerror in query  mysqliclosedbc  echo ltb classlomgt . postingtitle . ltbgt .ltbr gt echo lthr gt echo postdes . ltbr gt  gt codepre
Negative 325 pThis is my site  a hrefhttpabconlinesolutions.comakashbcmain.html relnofollowhttpabconlinesolutions.comakashbcmain.htmlap  pSee the errors found on w3cvalidation   a hrefhttpvalidator.w3.orgcheckurihttp3A2F2Fabconlinesolutions.com2Fakashbc2Fmain.htmlampcharset28detectautomatically29ampdoctypeInlineampss1ampoutline1ampgroup0ampuseragentW3CValidator2F1.3 relnofollowhttpvalidator.w3.orgcheckurihttp3A2F2Fabconlinesolutions.com2Fakashbc2Fmain.htmlampcharset28detectautomatically29ampdoctypeInlineampss1ampoutline1ampgroup0ampuseragentW3CValidator2F1.3ap  pAny one please help me to fix those 8 errors..p  pHere are the headline of the errors p  p1. Line 628, Column 13 there is no attribute src   ol liLine 628, Column 292 there is no attribute scrolling     ampappId226098524153861 scrollingno frameborder0     stylebordernoneli lipLine 628, Column 309 there is no attribute frameborder     524153861 scrollingno frameborder0 stylebordernone     overflowhiddenpli lipLine 628, Column 319 there is no attribute style  scrollingno frameborder0 stylebordernone overflowhidden width200pli lipLine 628, Column 409 there is no attribute allowTransparency en width200px height62pxpadding 10px allowTransparencytruepli lipLine 628, Column 415 element iframe undefined en width200px height62pxpadding 10px allowTransparencytruepli lipLine 635, Column 23 there is no attribute annotation pli lipLine 635, Column 31 element gplusone undefined pli ol  pAnyone please help me...p  pThank you all p
Negative 325 pMy problem is a bit of a specific one I feel, basically Im having trouble with some CSS styles showing in Firefox when using a PHP include.p  pI have my index.php and header.php, which is included in the index file. The header file contains code from this tutorial a hrefhttpwww.basewebmaster.comcsssimplecssdropdownmenu.php relnofollowhttpwww.basewebmaster.comcsssimplecssdropdownmenu.phpa, which works fine when I run it in a standalone html file in Firefox, but in the header.php file it doesnt show correctly where it does in every other browser.p  pThe site is here a hrefhttpcreateful.comcleave relnofollowhttpcreateful.comcleaveap  pIf you view it in any browser other than FF it should show a nice drop down menu, but in FF it really messes up, only in my instance of using an include statement for the header.php file a static html file works perfectly.p  pMy index.php file has this code    p  precodeltphp includeheader.php gt codepre  pAnd my header.php has the exact code from the tutorial I linked earlier in this post. My style.css also has the exact code as in the tutorial.p  pFor comparison, heres a static version of the same code, which works perfectly in FF a hrefhttpwww.createful.comcleavetestindex.html relnofollowhttpwww.createful.comcleavetestindex.htmlap  pIm not too sure what other information is needed to solve this, but hopefully this will be sufficient, I can provide any other information if needed though.p  pThanks in advance.p  pEDIT  Heres the complete code for index.php and header.phpp  pIndex.phpp  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 StrictEN  httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1strict.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml xmllangen langengt ltheadgt     ltmeta httpequivContenttype contenttexthtml charsetUTF8 gt     lttitlegtJon Cleavelttitlegt      ltlink hrefcssstyle.css relstylesheet typetextcss gt      ltscript srcjsjquery1.4.2.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt      ltscript srcjsscripts.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsjScrollPane.jsgtltscriptgt     ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss mediaall hrefcssjScrollPane.css gt     ltlink hrefhttpfonts.googleapis.comcssfamilyArvo400,700 relstylesheet typetextcssgt       ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         document.readyfunction              .open1.hide              .close1.clickfunction                  .info.slideUpslow, function                       Animation complete.                               .close1.hide             .open1.show                                 document.readyfunction              .open1.clickfunction                  .info.slideDownslow, function                       Animation complete.                               .open1.hide             .close1.show                            ltscriptgt  ltheadgt     ltbodygt  ltphp require header.php gt  lt BEGIN BACKGROUND PICTURES gt ltdiv idloader classloadinggtltdivgt ltdiv idbkgallerygt      ltulgt         ltligtltimg srcworkwork1.png idim1 altgt ltligt           ltligtltimg srcworktriworksarch2.jpg idim2 altgt ltligt          ltligtltimg srcworktriworksarch3.jpg idim3 altgt ltligt       ltulgt      ltdiv classclose1gtxltdivgt     ltdiv classopen1gtltdivgt     ltdiv classinfogtInfo box 1ltdivgt     ltdiv classinfo twogtInfo box 2ltdivgt      lta href classnext titlenext pagegtnextltagt     lta href classprev titleprev pagegtprevltagt ltdivgtlt bkgallery gt lt END BACKGROUND PICTURES gt  lt END CONTENT gt  lt END FOOTER gt  ltbodygt codepre  pp  pFooter.phpp  precode    ltdiv idheadergt     ltdiv idlogogtlth1gtJon Cleavelth1gtltdivgt      ltdiv idnavgt         ltul classdropdowngt         ltli classtopgtlta hrefnogogtindexltagt             ltulgt             ltligtlta hrefnogo1gtMaleltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefnogo2gtFemaleltagtltligt             ltulgt         ltligt         ltli classtopgtlta hrefnogo3gtcase studiesltagt             ltulgt             ltligtlta hrefnogo4gtBlondltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefnogo5gtBrownltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefnogo6gtBlackltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefnogo7gtRedltagtltligt             ltulgt         ltligt         ltli classtopgtlta hrefnogo8gtcvltagt             ltulgt             ltligtlta hrefnogo9gtBlueltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefnogo10gtGreenltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefnogo11gtBrownltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefnogo12gtGreyltagtltligt             ltulgt         ltligt         ltli classtopgtlta hrefnogo8gtcontactltagt             ltulgt             ltligtlta hrefnogo9gtEmailltagtltligt             ltulgt         ltligt         ltulgt     ltdivgt  ltdivgtlt header gt codepre
Negative 325 pI have a validation class, and within this I want to verify various properties received form a web service are valid, and report a descriptive error message if not.p  pCurrently the webservice returns all strings, and I want to convertvalidate these into more useful types. The problem is I am currently passing the property name through as a string parameter in the method call. Is there a way to get the name of a property for display in the error message without passing it through as a stringp  precodepublic class WebserviceAccess      public MyUsefulDataObject ConvertToUsefulDataObjectWebserviceResponse webserviceResponse              var usefulData  new MyUsefulDataObject          usefulData.LastUpdated  webserviceResponse.LastUpdated.IsValidDateTimeLastUpdated          etc . . .          But I dont want to have to pass LastUpdated through.          Id like IsValidDateTime to work out the name of the property when required in the error message.          return usefulData         public static class WebServiceValidator      public static DateTime IsValidDateTimethis string propertyValue, string propertyName              DateTime convertedDate          if DateTime.TryParsepropertyValue, out convertedDate                      throw new InvalidDataExceptionstring.FormatWebservice property 0 value of 1 could not be converted to a DateTime., propertyName, propertyValue                   return convertedDate       codepre  pAny assistance is much appreciated.p  pThanks in advance.p  pEDIT Using Oblivion2000s suggestion, I now have the followingp  precodepublic class NameofltTgt      public static string PropertyltTPropgtExpressionltFuncltT, TPropgtgt expression              var body  expression.Body as MemberExpression          if body  null                      throw new ArgumentExceptionexpression should be a member expression                   return body.Member.Name        public class WebserviceAccess      public MyUsefulDataObject ConvertToUsefulDataObjectWebserviceResponse webserviceResponse              var usefulData  new MyUsefulDataObject          usefulData.LastUpdated  NameofltWebserviceResponsegt.Propertye gt e.LastUpdated.IsValidDateTimewebserviceResponse.LastUpdated          etc . . .          return usefulData         public static class WebServiceValidator      public static DateTime IsValidDateTimethis string propertyName, string propertyValue              DateTime convertedDate          if DateTime.TryParsepropertyValue, out convertedDate                      throw new InvalidDataExceptionstring.FormatWebservice property 0 value of 1 could not be converted to a DateTime., propertyName, propertyValue                   return convertedDate       codepre
Negative 325 pI have puzzled over this QuickBase jQueryAjax problem for the better part of two days. Consider this jquery code running inside function...p  precode    ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         function               .ajax                 type GET,                 url httpswww.quickbase.comdbltmydbidgt,  lt returns error                 url httppfs.fedcap.comtestdata.xml,   lt returns xml                 data                      actAPIDoQuery,                     query7.EX.235445,                     apptokenltmyapptokengt                 ,                 dataType xml,                 error functionxhr,status                      alerterror                 ,                 success functionxml                       alertOK                                            ltscriptgt codepre  pAs noted, the url pointing to QuickBase returns an error, but the url pointing to the xml file returns the xml as expected. But heres the kicker the xml file testdata.xml was created by pointing my browser directly to the specified url a hrefhttpswww.quickbase.comdbltmydbid relnofollowhttpswww.quickbase.comdbltmydbidaaAPIDoQueryampquery7.EX.235445ampapptokenltmyapptoken and saving the results to testdata.xml. It seems to me the jquery ajax call SHOULD produce the same results as the testdata.xml file. But it does not.p  pThe Firebug xml pane shows that the call when executed against the QuickBase site returns XML Parsing Error syntax error Location moznullprincipal3e0d38f10e364adb965ed0e7d68ab0cb Line Number 1, Column 1Reload the page to get source for a hrefhttpswww.quickbase.comdb relnofollowhttpswww.quickbase.comdba...p  pWhat am I overlooking Any thoughtsp
Negative 325 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2390789howtoreplaceallpointsinastringinjavascriptHow to replace all points in a string in JavaScripta  p blockquote    pI am trying to remove .dot symbol from my string. and The code that Ive used is p  precodecheckedNew  checked.replace.,  codepre  pBt when I try to alert the value of checkedNew, for example if the checkedNew has original value U.S. Marshal, the output that I get is US. Marshal, it will not remove the second dot in that string. How do remove all dot symbolsp
Negative 325 pWe are having issues with Grails where it ignores the nullable contraint in some cases. For examplep  precodeclass SomeSetting      ...     Employee manager     ...      static belongsTo  [ employee Employee ]      static constaints           manager nullable true        class Employee      ...      static hasOne  [ settings SomeSetting ]  codepre  pgrails keeps on creating the database with the manager field being codeNOT NULLcode for the codeSomeSettingcode class. This is just a crude example. Does anyone have any idea how to fix this. We do not want to make the default value codeNOT NULLcode for fields.p
Negative 325 pCan someone please share a librarycode to access a USB 3G dongle in C..p  pThe library should support connectingdisconnecting and most importantly accessing the byte stream of data at Transport Layer i.e. TCPUDP packets with TCPUDP header.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm writing write my first RoR application with YUI framework. I tried googling for roryui manuals with no success. So I went to YUI site. a hrefhttpyuilibrary.comyuiquickstart relnofollowYUIa saysp  precode Put the YUI seed file on your page. ltscript srchttpyui.yahooapis.com3.5.1buildyuiyuimin.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  pWhere its supposed to be putted in RoR appp  pIve tried to codeappassertjavascriptsyuimin.jscode.p  pAs a result i got codelthtml classyui3jsenabledgtcode in every page. Supposing YUI is working now ive tried to copypaste emWork with the DOMem example from a hrefhttpyuilibrary.comyuiquickstart relnofollowYUIs pagea to codeapppublicindex.htmlcode. p  pThe error I received was p  pcodeUncaught ReferenceError YUI is not definedcode.p  pI tried the info in this link and it was not helpful to mep  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1452829tutorialsuggestionsonyuiwithrubyonrailsTutorialSuggestions on YUI with Ruby on Railsa p
Negative 325 pso here goes my first real coding question ever on the web since normally I try to find stuff out myself, but his time, Im really stuck.p  pTo see what i have so far a hrefhttphiremartie.comwizapptestwizard.php relnofollowsee this webpageap  hr  pstrongWhat I want to achievestrongp  pThe company that I work for at the moment wants me to create a wizard, that solves a WiFi related problem, by selecting your situation, and expanding on that. In the end, it needs to be implemented into a Joomla powered website, so I figured the way to go was, load everything into one page.p  hr  pstrongHow Im approaching itstrongp  pI first went to look for a way to load other pages into one main page. I achieved this by the use of JavaScript a hrefhttpfrinity.blogspot.com200806loadremotecontentintodivelement.html relnofollowFound on this websiteap  pAfter figuring that out, I started creating my follow up pages, and everything went well until I came to a page that would filter its contents by grabbing the URL Parameter.p  pFor the people interested in the tooltip function see [this page][3]p  hr  pstrongWhats the problemstrongp  pI use an If Else loop, to filter out the possible options, and if none of these are found, the page should give me the following Het ziet er naar uit dat er iets fout is gegaan or in English, It appears something went wrong. Since this is the message I get, something in fact did go wrong. And after looking through my code, over and over, I figured it might be because of the URL parameter that it doesnt grab.p  pI thought of going for a static page link Just link the button to a unique page, but I did some calculations, and for that to work, I would need around 70 pages, which feels like a waste.p  hr  pstrongThe Codestrongp  pThis is my code so farp  pstrongMy main pagestrongp  precode    ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN         httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt     lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt     ltheadgt     ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt     lttitlegtEnGenius WiFi Wizardlttitlegt     ltlink hrefcssstyle.css relstylesheet typetextcss gt     ltscript languagejavascript typetextjavascript srcjsjquery.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript languagejavascript typetextjavascript srcjsscript.jsgtltscriptgt      ltheadgt      ltbodygt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function loadContentelementSelector, sourceUrl      elementSelector.loadsourceUrl          ltscriptgt ltdiv idcontentgt   lth1gtDe WiFi Wizardlth1gt     lth3gtSnel en gemakkelijk een draadloze oplossinglth3gt    ltdiv idbtnholder stylemargintop15pxgt             lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, speed.phpgtltdiv         idbuttongtMijn internet is te langzaamltdivgtltagt             lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, router.phpgtltimg         srcimagestip.png stylefloatleft marginleft3px altWiFi tip width15         height15 onmouseovertooltip.showInternet snelheid word ook wel aangeduid met het         woord Bandbreete, 250     onmouseouttooltip.hide gt             ltdiv idbutton stylemarginleft10pxgtIk heb een router nodig,         Maar weet niet welkeltdivgtltagtltimg srcimagestip.png stylefloatleft margin        left3px altWiFi tip width15 height15 onmouseovertooltip.showEen router is         een apparaat wat een netwerk met het internet verbind, 250     onmouseouttooltip.hide gt   ltdivgt      lth3gtWat is Wifi eigenlijklth3gtltbr gt      lth4gtWiFi is een verzameling van standaarden voor draadloze netwerken.      Wat houdt dit nou precies in     Heel makkelijk gezegd Internetten zonder lastige lange kabels      Je kunt bv met jouw laptop lekker op de bank zitten en genieten van internet.ltbr gt        ltbr gt      Als je thuis een draadloos netwerk wilt dan heb je een product nodig waar dus de         standaardnaam 802.11 op staat.ltbr gt     Helaas zijn we in Nederland een behoorlijk bepakt woongebied. Hierdoor kun je         bijvoorbeeld storing hebben op jouw technische producten die je thuis gebruikt.ltbr gtltbr         gt      Ook met WiFi kunnen er situaties voorkomen waarbij je geen optimaal gebruik kunt         maken van de oplossingen die worden aangeboden.ltbr gtltbr gt     Via deze website kom je op de hoogte wat nou al die termen eigenlijk betekenen en     welke oplossingen er zijn voor bepaalde situaties, kortom je wordt een echte WiFi         kennerltbr gt     ltbr gt     lth4gt        ltdivgt      ltbodygt     lthtmlgt codepre  hr  pstrongMy second page contentstrongp  precode               lth1gtDe WiFi Wizardlth1gt             lth3gtDus u heeft een probleem met de snelheid van uw internet Dat gaan we oplossenlth3gt             lth3 stylefontsize10pt color666666gtWat is de afstand tussen uw computer en uw routerlth3gt              ltdiv idbtnholder stylemargintop15pxgt             lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, detail.phpprob010gtltdiv idbuttongt010 Meterltdivgtltagt             lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, detail.phpprob1030gtltdiv idbutton stylemarginleft10pxgt1030 Meterltdivgtltagt             lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, detail.phpprob30gtltdiv idbutton stylemargintop10px marginleft90pxgtMeer dan 30 Meterltdivgtltagt             ltdivgt              ltbr gt             lth3gtWaarom is afstand zo belangrijklth3gt             ltbr gt              lth4gtEen WiFi signaal reist door de lucht, en kan worden verstoord door veel verschillende dingen zoals, muren, plafonds, andere apparaten, en andere WiFi signalen.lth4gt             lth4gtDaarnaast verliest een signaal na verloop van tijd zelf ook sterkte, net als met geluid dat je over een grotere afstand steeds slechter hoort. lth4gt             lth4gtStel je voor dat je het signaal sterker kan maken, door een ander apparaat te gebruiken. Dat kan, omdat wij  altijd onderdelen van hoge kwaliteit gebruiken, kunnen wij ervoor zorgen dat uw WiFi signaal een beter bereik heeft, en u dus een snellere verbinding krijgt.ltbr gt             ltbr gt             lth4gt        codepre  hr  pstrongMy URL Parameter Pagestrongp  precode            lth1gtDe WiFi Wizardlth1gt             ltphp                 prob  GET[prob]               if prob  010                          echo lth3 stylefontsize10pt color666666gtNu we de aftand weten moeten we uitvinden hoeveel mensen er gebruik maken van het netwerklth3gt                            if prob  1030               echo lth3 stylefontsize10pt color666666gtNu we de aftand weten moeten we uitvinden hoeveel muren enof plafonds er zich tussen de computer en de router bevindenklth3gt                           if prob  30               echo lth3 stylefontsize10pt color666666gtNu we de aftand weten moeten we uitvinden hoeveel mensen er gebruik maken van het netwerklth3gt                           else             echo lth3 stylefontsize10pt color666666gtHet ziet er naar uit dat er iets fout is gegaanlth3gt                                                gt              ltdiv idbtnholder stylemargintop15pxgt             ltphp                 prob  GET[prob]               if prob  010                          echo lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, users.phpamnt15gtltdiv idbuttongt15 gebruikersltdivgtltagt             lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, users.phpamnt5gtltdiv idbuttongtMeer dan 5 gebruikersltdivgtltagt                            if prob  1030               echo lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, pen.phpamntnonegtltdiv idbuttongtGeen plafonds of murenltdivgtltagt             lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, pen.phpamnt1gtltdiv idbuttongt1 Muur of Plafondltdivgtltagt             lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, pen.phpamnt2gtltdiv idbuttongt2 Muren of Plafondsltdivgtltagt             lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, pen.phpamntmoregtltdiv idbuttongtMeer dan 2 muren of plafondsltdivgtltagt                           if prob  30               echo lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, users.phpamnt15gtltdiv idbuttongt15 gebruikersltdivgtltagt             lta hrefjavascriptloadContentcontent, users.phpamnt5gtltdiv idbuttongtMeer dan 5 gebruikersltdivgtltagt                           else             echo                                                 gt              ltdivgt              ltbr gt               ltphp                 prob  GET[prob]               if prob  010                          echo lth3gtWat Maakt het aantal gebruikers uitlth3gt             ltbr gt              lth4gtHet aantal gebruikers bepaalt de hoeveelheid data die er word gebruikt binnen een netwerk. Hoe meer gebruikers er op een netwerk zitten, des te meer data word er gebruikt.ltbr gt             ltbr gtAls het netwerk dit niet aankan, betekent het dat u een onstabiel, en traag netwerk krijgt, waardoor u niet optimaal van uw internet kunt genieten.lth4gt                            if prob  1030               echo lth3gtWat Maakt het aantal muren of plafonds uitlth3gt             ltbr gt              lth4gtWaneer een WiFi signaal door muren of plafonds heen reist, neemt het in sterkte af. Dus hoe meer obstakels er tussen uw router, en uw computer staan, des te zwakker het signaal.ltbr gt             ltbr gtDoor middel van de juiste onderdelen, denk bijvoorbeeld aan antennas, kun je een sterker signaal creren dat zich verder kan verspreiden.lth4gt                           if prob  30               echo lth3gtWat Maakt het aantal gebruikers uitlth3gt             ltbr gt              lth4gtHet aantal gebruikers bepaalt de hoeveelheid data die er word gebruikt binnen een netwerk. Hoe meer gebruikers er op een netwerk zitten, des te meer data word er gebruikt.ltbr gt             ltbr gtAls het netwerk dit niet aankan, betekent het dat u een onstabiel, en traag netwerk krijgt, waardoor u niet optimaal van uw internet kunt genieten.lth4gt                           else             echo                                                 gt codepre  hr  pSorry if my code is unclear, I need to get used to the whole pasting codes on websites, but at least I tried.p  hr  pSo for the strongTLDRstrong people among us. In Shortp  pI need to filter a php page with url parameters, but It cant seem to grab the parameter, because the URL doesnt directly change.p  pTo see what I have so far a hrefhttphiremartie.comwizapptestwizard.php relnofollowsee this webpageap  pstrongThanks in advancestrongp
Negative 325 pI have a table that I would like to export to Excel but I dont want any of the hyperlinks to come through. Is that possiblep  pI noticed that something similar was being done in the thread  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6098958jqueryremoveimagesJQuery remove imagesa but I dont thing it quite the same as what I needp  pI would also like to keep the text within the  tag if possiblep  pExample p  precodelttable classsurveyTable idSummarygt     lttrgt         ltthgtSectionltthgt         ltth title3584gt             lta hreftest.phpid3584gt                 Call 1             ltagt         ltthgt ... codepre  pI would like to have the ability to export the above without the href yet retaining the Call 1 but maybe this is not possiblep  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm attempting to use Pygments and Beautiful Soup as a code highlighting solution for the blog software Im building for Google App Engine. p  pHow it works is that my HTML posts will use pre tags to identify code.  Like thisp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltpgtCheck out this cool code exampleltpgt     ltpre classpythongt         import this         def demo             passltpregt codepre  pcodeBeautifulSoupcode captures the part between the codeprecode tag and passes it to Pygments.  Pygments is suppose to check the class value and apply the correct lexar.  Pygments then applies the formatting and replaces the original text with the formatted text.  The solution is explained in more detail at a hrefhttpwww.saltycrane.comblog200808djangoblogproject12addingpygmentssyntaxhighlighting relnofollowSaltyCranes Bloga.p  h2The Errorh2  pre classlangpy prettyprintoverridecodeClassNotFound no lexer for alias [upython] found codepre  pPerhaps I just havent imported the module correctly  p  h2The codeh2  pre classlangpy prettyprintoverridecodefrom google.appengine.ext import db import fixpath import bs4 import pygments from bs4 import BeautifulSoup from pygments import highlight from pygments.lexers import getlexerbyname from pygments.formatters import HtmlFormatter       def formatterp         soup  BeautifulSoupp.otext         preblocks  soup.findAllpre         for pre in preblocks             if pre.haskeyclass                 code  .join[unicodeitem for item in pre.contents]                 code  unescapehtmlcode                 lexer  lexers.getlexerbynamepre[class]                 formatter  formatters.HtmlFormatter                 codehl  highlightcode, lexer, formatter                 pre.replaceWithBeautifulSoupcodehl             else                 print No Go         return unicodesoup codepre  h2The tracebackh2  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 1536, in call     rv  self.handleexceptionrequest, response, e   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 1530, in call     rv  self.router.dispatchrequest, response   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 1278, in defaultdispatcher     return route.handleradapterrequest, response   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 1102, in call     return handler.dispatch   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 572, in dispatch     return self.handleexceptione, self.app.debug   File CUsersjohnwebdevgooglelibwebapp2webapp2.py, line 570, in dispatch     return methodargs, kwargs   File CUsersjohnwebdevworkspacebsbyviews.py, line 45, in post     p.ftext  utils.formatterp   File CUsersjohnwebdevworkspacebsbyutils.py, line 18, in formatter     lexer  lexers.getlexerbynamepre[class]   File CUsersjohnwebdevworkspacebsbylibpygmentslexersinit.py, line 80, in getlexerbyname     raise ClassNotFoundno lexer for alias r found  alias ClassNotFound no lexer for alias [upython] found codepre
Negative 325 pIs there any way to implement something that will execute code in an ASP.NET code behind when the user moves their mouse outside of a buttonp  pI cant directly use javascript and aspx code, only the ScriptManager.p
Negative 325 pIm trying to load my webpage, codeindex.htmlcode, and it is coming up on the browser with the following message. p  blockquote   pConfiguration Errorp      pDescription An error occurred during the processing of a configuration file required to service this request. Please review the specific error details below and modify your configuration file appropriately. p      pParser Error Message It is an error to use a section registered as allowDefinitionMachineToApplication beyond application level.  This error can be caused by a virtual directory not being configured as an application in IIS.p blockquote  precodeLine 24             during development. Line 25         gt Line 26        ltsiteMap defaultProviderXmlSiteMapProvider  enabledtruegt Line 27            ltprovidersgt Line 28                ltcleargt codepre  pDoes anyone know what the problem is Its say the problem is in a file called... web.config on Line 26 p
Negative 325 p1 have added 1 jar API file. here is rest of the sample codep  pi downloaded it from a hrefhttpinnovator.samsungmobile.comcmscntsknowledge.detail.view.doplatformId1ampcntsId9986ampnacode relnofollowhttpinnovator.samsungmobile.comcmscntsknowledge.detail.view.doplatformId1ampcntsId9986ampnacodeap  pi am getting error p  pb     code0601 182231.900 EAndroidRuntime24713 java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to   instantiate activity ComponentInfocom.samsungapps.plasma.plasmatestercom.samsungapps.plasma.plasmatester.PlasmaTesterActivity java.lang.ClassNotFoundException com.samsungapps.plasma.plasmatester.PlasmaTesterActivity in loader dalvik.system.PathClassLoader[dataappcom.samsungapps.plasma.plasmatester1.apk]code bp  precode    public class PlasmaTesterActivity extends Activity implements PlasmaListener      private class ItemInformationListAdapter extends             ArrayAdapterltItemInformationgt           public ItemInformationListAdapterContext context,                 int textViewResourceId, ArrayListltItemInformationgt objects              supercontext, textViewResourceId, objects              itemInformationList  objects                   Override         public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent              View v  convertView             if v  null                  LayoutInflater inflater  PlasmaTesterActivity.this                         .getLayoutInflater                 v  inflater.inflateR.layout.row, null                           final ItemInformation pi  itemInformationList.getposition             if pi  null                  TextView tv1  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.textView1                 tv1.setTextpi.getItemName                 TextView tv2  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.textView2                 tv2.setTextgetPriceStringWithCurrencyUnitpi                 TextView tv3  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.textView3                 tv3.setTextpi.getItemDescription                 Button b  Button v.findViewByIdR.id.button1                 b.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                      Override                     public void onClickView v                          plasma.requestPurchaseItemtransactionId,                                 pi.getItemId                                                                 return v                   private ArrayListltItemInformationgt itemInformationList  null           private class PurchasedItemInformationListAdapter extends             ArrayAdapterltPurchasedItemInformationgt           public PurchasedItemInformationListAdapterContext context,                 int textViewResourceId,                 ArrayListltPurchasedItemInformationgt objects              supercontext, textViewResourceId, objects              purchasedItemInformationList  objects                   Override         public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent              View v  convertView             if v  null                  LayoutInflater inflater  PlasmaTesterActivity.this                         .getLayoutInflater                 v  inflater.inflateR.layout.row, null                           final PurchasedItemInformation pi  purchasedItemInformationList                     .getposition             if pi  null                  TextView tv1  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.textView1                 tv1.setTextpi.getItemName                 TextView tv2  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.textView2                 tv2.setTextgetPriceStringWithCurrencyUnitpi                 TextView tv3  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.textView3                 tv3.setTextpi.getPaymentId                  Button b  Button v.findViewByIdR.id.button1                 b.setVisibilityView.GONE                           return v                   private ArrayListltPurchasedItemInformationgt purchasedItemInformationList  null           Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.main          plasma  new PlasmaITEMGROUPID, this         plasma.setPlasmaListenerthis         plasma.setDeveloperFlag1          ArrayListltItemInformationgt itemInformationList  new ArrayListltItemInformationgt         itemInformationListAdapter  new ItemInformationListAdapterthis,                 R.layout.row, itemInformationList          ArrayListltPurchasedItemInformationgt purchasedItemInformationList  new ArrayListltPurchasedItemInformationgt         purchasedItemInformationListAdapter  new PurchasedItemInformationListAdapter                 this, R.layout.row, purchasedItemInformationList          ListView itemList  ListView findViewByIdR.id.listView1         itemList.setAdapteritemInformationListAdapter          ListView purchaseList  ListView findViewByIdR.id.listView2         purchaseList.setAdapterpurchasedItemInformationListAdapter          Button getItemListButton  Button findViewByIdR.id.button1         getItemListButton.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  plasma.requestItemInformationListtransactionId, 1,                         ITEMLISTREQUESTCOUNT                                Button getPurchaseListButton  Button findViewByIdR.id.button2         getPurchaseListButton.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  plasma.requestPurchasedItemInformationListtransactionId,                         1, ITEMLISTREQUESTCOUNT                                 Override     public void onItemInformationListReceivedint transactionId,             int statusCode, ArrayListltItemInformationgt itemInformationList          switch statusCode          case Plasma.STATUSCODESUCCESS             itemInformationListAdapter.clear             for int i  0 i lt itemInformationList.size i                  ItemInformation itemInformation  itemInformationList.geti                 itemInformationListAdapter.additemInformation                          itemInformationListAdapter.notifyDataSetChanged             break         default             String errorMessage  Failed to retrieve the item list             showErrorDialogstatusCode, errorMessage             break                    Override     public void onPurchasedItemInformationListReceivedint transactionId,             int statusCode,             ArrayListltPurchasedItemInformationgt purchasedItemInformationList          switch statusCode          case Plasma.STATUSCODESUCCESS             purchasedItemInformationListAdapter.clear             for int i  0 i lt purchasedItemInformationList.size i                  PurchasedItemInformation purchasedItemInformation  purchasedItemInformationList                         .geti                 purchasedItemInformationListAdapter                         .addpurchasedItemInformation                          purchasedItemInformationListAdapter.notifyDataSetChanged             break         default             String errorMessage  Failed to retrieve the purchase list             showErrorDialogstatusCode, errorMessage             break                    Override     public void onPurchaseItemFinishedint transactionId, int statusCode,             PurchasedItemInformation purchasedItemInformation          AlertDialog.Builder alertDialogBuilder  new AlertDialog.Builderthis          switch statusCode          case Plasma.STATUSCODESUCCESS             StringBuilder purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder  new StringBuilder             purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder.appendItem name              purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder                     .appendpurchasedItemInformation.getItemName             purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder.appendCRLF             purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder.appendItem ID              purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder                     .appendpurchasedItemInformation.getItemId             purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder.appendCRLF             purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder.appendPayment ID              purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder                     .appendpurchasedItemInformation.getPaymentId             purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder.appendCRLF             purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder.appendPurchase date              purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder                     .appendpurchasedItemInformation.getPurchaseDate              purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder.appendCRLF             purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder.appendPrice              purchasedItemInformationStringBuilder                     .appendgetPriceStringWithCurrencyUnitpurchasedItemInformation              alertDialogBuilder.setTitlePurchase information             alertDialogBuilder.setMessagepurchasedItemInformationStringBuilder                     .toString             alertDialogBuilder.show             break         case Plasma.STATUSCODECANCEL             break         default             String errorMessage  Failed to purchase the item             showErrorDialogstatusCode, errorMessage             break                    private void showErrorDialogint errorCode, String errorMessage          String errorMessageWithCode  String.formats d, errorMessage,                 errorCode          AlertDialog.Builder alertDialogBuilder  new AlertDialog.Builderthis         alertDialogBuilder.setTitleError         alertDialogBuilder.setMessageerrorMessageWithCode         alertDialogBuilder.show           private String getPriceStringWithCurrencyUnit             ItemInformation itemInformation          String priceStringFormatString  null         if itemInformation.getCurrencyUnitHasPenny              priceStringFormatString  .2f          else              priceStringFormatString  .0f                   String priceString  String.formatpriceStringFormatString,                 itemInformation.getItemPrice          StringBuffer priceStringWithCurrencyUnitBuffer  new StringBuffer         if itemInformation.getCurrencyUnitPrecedes              priceStringWithCurrencyUnitBuffer.appenditemInformation                     .getCurrencyUnit             priceStringWithCurrencyUnitBuffer.appendpriceString          else              priceStringWithCurrencyUnitBuffer.appendpriceString             priceStringWithCurrencyUnitBuffer.appenditemInformation                     .getCurrencyUnit                   return priceStringWithCurrencyUnitBuffer.toString           private ItemInformationListAdapter itemInformationListAdapter  null     private PurchasedItemInformationListAdapter purchasedItemInformationListAdapter  null     private int transactionId  0     private Plasma plasma  null      private static final String ITEMGROUPID  100000008752     private static final int ITEMLISTREQUESTCOUNT  15     private static final String CRLF  n  codepre  pand manifest filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     packagecom.samsungapps.plasma.plasmatester androidversionCode1     androidversionName1.5gt     ltusessdk androidminSdkVersion7 gt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNETgtltusespermissiongt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.READPHONESTATEgtltusespermissiongt      ltapplication androidicondrawableicon androidlabelstringappnamegt         ltactivity androidname.PlasmaTesterActivity androidlabelstringappname             androidconfigChangesorientationkeyboardHiddengt             ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt                 ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt             ltintentfiltergt         ltactivitygt      ltapplicationgt ltmanifestgt codepre
Negative 325 pi tried the code for the camera, it works fine but, i am facing some problemsp  ol liorientation portrait to landscape it never changes, the preview remains the portrait. 2 saving image with the custom name.  how can i do it i am very new to android. so codes would help better. Thanks in advance li ol  ppreview.javap  precodeclass Preview extends SurfaceView implements SurfaceHolder.Callback  private static final String TAG  Preview  SurfaceHolder mHolder public Camera camera  PreviewContext context      supercontext       Install a SurfaceHolder.Callback so we get notified when the      underlying surface is created and destroyed.     mHolder  getHolder     mHolder.addCallbackthis     mHolder.setTypeSurfaceHolder.SURFACETYPEPUSHBUFFERS   public void surfaceCreatedSurfaceHolder holder       The Surface has been created, acquire the camera and tell it where      to draw.     camera  Camera.open     try          camera.setPreviewDisplayholder          camera.setPreviewCallbacknew PreviewCallback               public void onPreviewFramebyte[] data, Camera arg1                  FileOutputStream outStream  null                 try                      outStream  new FileOutputStreamString.format                             sdcardd.jpg, System.currentTimeMillis                     outStream.writedata                     outStream.close                     Log.dTAG, onPreviewFrame  wrote bytes                               data.length                  catch FileNotFoundException e                      e.printStackTrace                  catch IOException e                      e.printStackTrace                  finally                                   Preview.this.invalidate                            catch IOException e          e.printStackTrace        public void surfaceDestroyedSurfaceHolder holder       Surface will be destroyed when we return, so stop the preview.      Because the CameraDevice object is not a shared resource, its very      important to release it when the activity is paused.     camera.stopPreview     camera  null   public void surfaceChangedSurfaceHolder holder, int format, int w, int h       Now that the size is known, set up the camera parameters and begin      the preview.     Camera.Parameters parameters  camera.getParameters     parameters.setPreviewSizew, h     camera.setParametersparameters     camera.startPreview   Override public void drawCanvas canvas      super.drawcanvas     Paint p  new PaintColor.RED     Log.dTAG, draw     canvas.drawTextPREVIEW, canvas.getWidth  2,             canvas.getHeight  2, p    codepre  pand camerademo.javap  precodepublic class CameraDemo extends Activity  private static final String TAG  CameraDemo Camera camera Preview preview Button buttonClick   Called when the activity is first created.  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.main      preview  new Previewthis     FrameLayout findViewByIdR.id.preview.addViewpreview      buttonClick  Button findViewByIdR.id.buttonClick     buttonClick.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          public void onClickView v              preview.camera.takePictureshutterCallback, rawCallback,                     jpegCallback                    Log.dTAG, onCreated   ShutterCallback shutterCallback  new ShutterCallback      public void onShutter          Log.dTAG, onShutterd         Handles data for raw picture  PictureCallback rawCallback  new PictureCallback      public void onPictureTakenbyte[] data, Camera camera          Log.dTAG, onPictureTaken  raw         Handles data for jpeg picture  PictureCallback jpegCallback  new PictureCallback      public void onPictureTakenbyte[] data, Camera camera          FileOutputStream outStream  null         try               write to local sandbox file system              outStream               CameraDemo.this.openFileOutputString.formatd.jpg,              System.currentTimeMillis, 0              Or write to sdcard             outStream  new FileOutputStreamString.format                     sdcardd.jpg, System.currentTimeMillis             outStream.writedata             outStream.close             Log.dTAG, onPictureTaken  wrote bytes   data.length          catch FileNotFoundException e              e.printStackTrace          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace          finally                   Log.dTAG, onPictureTaken  jpeg         codepre
Negative 325 pOn my homepage, there is a list of several criteria to be selected budget max, budget min..., and I would wish that sends back, by clicking the button research, to a list of links corresponding to the answer of the research in another page using jquery mobile javascript. Please, have you any example how can I do that please helpp
Negative 325 pI have an activity which opens a dialogue box to sign up or log in. What i want is that if i press the back button not only the dialogue box but also the activity should exit. How can i achieve thisp
Negative 325 pI was wondering how you could make tomcat show the files in a directory when an index.html is not in the root directory Currently it gives me an error page.p  precodedescription The requested resource  TutorialsiosexercisefilesExFilesiOS4WebAppsCh02 is not available. codepre
Negative 325 pI have the following layout...p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid               androidorientationvertical               androidlayoutwidthfillparent               androidlayoutheightfillparent               androidbackgrounddrawablebggenericportraitgt   ltListView androididandroididlist             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparent             androidbackgrounddrawableissuelistitembackgroundnormal             androidlistSelectordrawableissuebackgroundselector             androiddividerdrawableseparator     gt   ltListViewgt   ltProgressBar     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightfillparent     androidlayoutgravitycenter     androidididpreloader     styleandroidstyleWidget.ProgressBar.Largegt    ltTextView androididandroididempty             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidbackgroundFF0000gt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pAnd it looks like this...httpi.stack.imgur.comRa5c6.pngp  pstrongI want the preloader to be centered vertically too, what is wrongstrongp
Negative 325 pI know how to use jQuerys codethiscode selector and I also understand the principles of OOP in Javascript. I always accepted that it just works, because somebody else implemented it, but I would love to know strongwhy and howstrong it works.p  precodefunction    .foo.eachfunction       console.logthis      codepre  pGiven this code. I know that code.foocode finds a set of HTML elements and returns a emjQuery objectem which is able to iterate over them using code.each...code. The internal structure of the codeeachcode method then probably calls the closure, which has been passed as a parameter.p  pBut why does codethiscode then reference the particular HTML element inside the closure I always thought that codethiscode would only reference a new scope, as far as its wrapper has been instantiated using codenewcode. So wouldnt it be much more consistent if codethiscode referenced codewindowcode insteadp
Negative 325 pthought Id try to see if anyone has seen this or something similar as Im not sure where to start looking. I have a bunch of web services which have been fine for the longest time but now my server guy said they gave out an error that Ive never seen before. Any ideas  things to look atp  precodeLog Name      Application Source        ASP.NET 4.0.30319.0 Date          6122012 65703 AM Event ID      1309 Task Category Web Event Level         Warning Keywords      Classic User          NA Computer      Server Description Event code 3005  Event message An unhandled exception has occurred.  Event time 6122012 65703 AM  Event time UTC 6122012 15703 PM  Event ID 691c9c8fabeb4701aa31488d6db060ce  Event sequence 123578  Event occurrence 1  Event detail code 0   Application information  Application domain domain Trust level Full  Application Virtual Path   Application Path DSiteswebroot  Machine name Server  Process information  Process ID 2456  Process name w3wp.exe  Account name IIS APPPOOLAppPoolAID1651   Exception information  Exception type InvalidOperationException  Exception message Request format is unrecognized for URL unexpectedly ending in metadata. at System.Web.Services.Protocols.WebServiceHandlerFactory.CoreGetHandlerType type, HttpContext context, HttpRequest request, HttpResponse response at System.Web.Services.Protocols.WebServiceHandlerFactory.GetHandlerHttpContext context, String verb, String url, String filePath at System.Web.Script.Services.ScriptHandlerFactory.GetHandlerHttpContext context, String requestType, String url, String pathTranslated at System.Web.HttpApplication.MaterializeHandlerExecutionStep.System.Web.HttpApplication.IExecutionStep.Execute at System.Web.HttpApplication.ExecuteStepIExecutionStep step, Booleanamp completedSynchronously codepre  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm trying to create these tablep  precodeCREATE  TABLE IF NOT EXISTS qadiscountcoupons    discountcode INT NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT ,   statuscode INT NOT NULL ,   discountdate DATETIME NOT NULL DEFAULT 0 ,   PRIMARY KEY discountcode ,   INDEX discountstostatus statuscode ASC ,   CONSTRAINT discountstostatus     FOREIGN KEY statuscode      REFERENCES qastatus statuscode      ON DELETE NO ACTION     ON UPDATE NO ACTION ENGINE  InnoDB codepre  pBut i get this errorp  precodeError Code 1067. Invalid default value for discountdate codepre
Negative 325 pI have a query that generates 8 columns worth of data from a list of unique IDs. These columns are then copied into an excel sheet for holding. I am attempting to find a way to either write a query or find an excel function to get it to generate 2 columns 1 with the list of unique IDs and the other with the number of times it appears in the initial 8 columns. Any thoughts or comments would be most welcome.p  pThanks for the help.p
Negative 325 pI have a controller organizations that is available both as a normal resource, as well as namespaced under admin.p  pI need to add some javascript that is only relevant to the organizations actions, and it applies to both the admin namespace and nonadmin namespace. I read in the guides that I should create a file organizations.js.coffee and include something like this in my layout filep  precodelt javascriptincludetag params[controller] gt codepre  pThe problem is that params[controller] includes admin for the admin namespace.p  pWhat is the proper way I should be doing this Thanksp
Negative 325 pI have the ImageView witch we can Zoom in and zoom out. I want to handle the LongClick event on that ImageView. How can I do this. Is this possiblep
Negative 325 pI am using the codeEditorForModelcode helper on a class that have a property of type codeICollectionltintgtcode unfortunatlly I can not see my control render in my page.p  pHere is the samplep  pThe model view objectp  precodepublic class CopyFromVM       [UIHintMultiEntityList]     public ICollectionltintgt EntityIds  get set      ...  codepre  pIn the EditorTemplate folder I have the file MultiEntityList.cshtmlp  precodemodel ICollectionltintgt   ltselect nameViewData.ModelMetadata.PropertyName idViewData.ModelMetadata.PropertyName multiplemultiple gt  ... ltselectgt codepre  pWhen the form is render I dont have any error of any kind. The properties is just ignore from the rendering.  So I am suspecting that codeEditorForModelcode is ignoring complex type. Looking at the web it should work properly for all type.p  pthanks for the help.p
Negative 325 pIm trying to track podcast data. They told me I have to use a .mp3 extension or else it wont load. So I cant just do like track.php, it would have to be track.mp3 which redirects to a php file. I was wondering if I could simply use Codeigniters urlp  pa hrefhttpdomain.orgindex.phpfeedlistenmusic.mp3 relnofollowhttpdomain.orgindex.phpfeedlistenmusic.mp3ap  pThen in the feed class Id have the listen function and it would send music.mp3 as a paramater. Would that work or would it break because of index.phpp
Negative 325 pIm using VS2010 with a managed C DLL calling a function in another managed C DLL and Im getting many a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms23559028vvs.8029.aspx relnofollowLNK2028a link errors that look like this.p  precode1gtudpPkt.obj  error LNK2028 unresolved token 0A0000AA unsigned short cdecl ComputeCrc16void const ,unsigned int ComputeCrc16FYAGPBXIZ referenced in function public short thiscall CPrivateUdpPktComputeCrcvoidconst  ComputeCrcCPrivateUdpPktFQBEFXZ codepre  pWhen I use strongdumpbin exportstrong on the called DLL I see the unresolved function listed asp  precode7 6 00001040 ComputeCrc16YAGPBXIZ  ComputeCrc16YAGPBXIZ   unsigned short cdecl ComputeCrc16void const ,unsigned int codepre  pComparing the functions prototype listed in the dump to the one listed in the error message the expanded prototype seems to match however the mangled names do not. p  precodeerr ComputeCrc16FYAGPBXIZ unsigned short cdecl ComputeCrc16void const ,unsigned int dumpComputeCrc16YAGPBXIZ    unsigned short cdecl ComputeCrc16void const ,unsigned int codepre  pIn the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms23559028vvs.8029.aspx relnofollowLNK2028a link it mentions problems with cdecl being called with clrcall but it says this occurs when calling an exported native function, however it doesnt describe how to resolve the issue.  Besides Im compiling both the called DLL and the calling DLL with clr so neither of the calling or the called function should be native to my understanding.p  pThe calling code looks like thisp  precodeunsigned short declspecdllimport ComputeCrc16const void  ipData, sizet inBytes  short CPrivateUdpPktComputeCrc const      const Byte  pByte  reinterpretcastltconst Byte gtampmCrc  sizeofmCrc     sizet len  ampmaData[DataLen]  pByte     return ComputeCrc16pByte, len  codepre  pThe called function looks like thisp  precodeunsigned short declspecdllexport ComputeCrc16const void  ipData, sizet iunNumBytes  ...  codepre
Negative 325 pI have some malformed DITA XML in the following formatp  precodeltdlgt ltdlentrygtltdtgtBLARGltdtgt ltddgtBLARG Definitionltddgt ltdtgtBLARG2ltdtgt ltddgtBLARG2 Definitionltddgtltdlentrygt ltdlgt ltdlgt ltdlentrygtltdtgtBLARG3ltdtgt ltddgtBLARG3 Definitionltddgtltdlentrygt ltdlgt ltpgtContinuation of BLARG3 definition.ltpgt ltnotegtNote pertaining to BLARG3 definitionltnotegt codepre  pand so on.p  pWhat I am trying to do is consolidate this series of codeltdlgtcode elements into a single codeltdlgtcode, which would look like thisp  precodeltdlgt     ltdlentrygtltdtgtBLARGltdtgt        ltddgtBLARG Definitionltddgtltdlentrygt     ltdlentrygtltdtgtBLARG2ltdtgt        ltddgtBLARG2 Definitionltddgtltdlentrygt     ltdlentrygtltdtgtBLARG3ltdtgt        ltddgtBLARG3 definition. Continuation of BLARG3 definition.        ltnotegtNote pertaining to BLARG3 definitionltnotegtltddgtltdlentrygt ltdlgt codepre  pI am trying to use keys to index any codeltpgtcode or codeltnotegtcode nodes according to the codegenerateidcode value of the preceding codeltddgtcode, like thisp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltxslstylesheet xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransform version1.0gt ltxslkey namekFollowing matchpnotetable usegenerateidprecedingdd[1]gt   lt identity template gt ltxsltemplate matchnode nameidentitygt     ltxslcopygt         ltxslapplytemplates selectnodegt     ltxslcopygt ltxsltemplategt ltxsltemplate matchdlgt     ltxslchoosegt         ltxslwhen testcountprecedingdl0gt             ltWe only want to process the first dl. All others should be ignored, because their content will get included in this one.gt             ltdlgt                 ltWant to grab all following terms, except ones that contain phrase elements, which need to be turned into a table because they are field valuesgt                 ltxslforeach selectfollowingdt[notchildph]descendantdtgt                     ltdlentrygt ltdtgtltxslvalueof selectnormalizespace.gtltdtgt                         ltxslvariable nameddIDgtltxslvalueof selectgenerateidfollowingdd[1]gtltxslvariablegt                         ltddgtltxslforeach selectfollowingdd[1]gt                             ltxslapplytemplatesgtltxsltextgt. ltxsltextgt                         ltxslforeachgt                             ltxslvariable nameddKey selectkeykFollowing,generateidfollowingdd[1]gt                             ltxslforeach selectfollowing[ddKey]gt                                ltxslapplytemplatesgt ltxslforeachgt                         ltddgt                     ltdlentrygt                 ltxslforeachgt             ltdlgt            ltxslwhengt         ltxslotherwisegt     ltxslchoosegt ltxsltemplategt codepre
Negative 325 pI want to install a localhost server on a tablet with windows RT 32 bit. I tried installing the xampp 32 bit for windows 7 which didnt work.p  pIs there any xamppwamp server available for Windows RT currently or can I tweak somehow to get it to workp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm trying to get node.js v0.7.9 to compile for the raspberry pi, but as node and v8 are quite large, Im hoping to be able to crosscompile on another more powerful PC. Im using the linuxx86 codearmbcm2708linuxgnueabicode toolchain from a hrefhttpsgithub.comraspberrypitoolshttpsgithub.comraspberrypitoolsa and have used them to successfully build other executables for the system.  I ended up setting the CC,CXX,CPP,STRIP,OBJCOPY,etc. variables to the toolchain equivalents in the environmental variables and ran configure with code.configure destcpuarm withoutsnapshotcode to get the final executable. Copying it over to the system and running it however produces the following errorp  precodeExtension or internal compilation error at line 0. Segmentation fault codepre  pHowever, the segmentation fault doesnt happen for any of the nonjavascript tasks like codenode versioncode and codenode helpcode. Are there any CFLAGSCXXFLAGS I might be missing causing this problem Bit confused....p
Negative 325 pi have a table e.gp  precodeCREATE TABLE places id UNIQUE, name, latitude, longitude codepre  pi then loop through my dataset and calculate the distance between users location and my rows, then i display as a list in HTML.p  pMy problem is that i dont know how to sort this list out by ascending order of distance. p  pDo i save the distance back into the Places table and then do another Select  with an Ascending order...p  pcan i not do something like select my results, but order them by running a javascript function. basically something like thisp  precodetx.executeSqlselect  from places order by   function getdistanceuserLat, UserLong, places.latitude, places.longitude codepre  pthanks,p
Negative 325 pi have strange question about windows service which is using a main DLL is name Process.dll . Windows service call onstartp  precodeProcess client  new Process  client.Method codepre  pin this method Process.dll using another dlls. But windows service not finding a,b,c dll. Not Start up Simple service is working fine but below architecture not working not atart windows service. Can you help me how to load another dlls.Or any solution How to write codes according to below architecture a,b,c dll is static reference.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.coms6RNP.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pI am passing dynamic values with href tag in dynamically generated jnlp using jsp.p  precodeltjnlp spec1.0 codebasehttp10.40.42.1348080TestJNLP hreftest.jnlparg1ltrequest.getParameterarg1gtamparg2ltrequest.getParameterarg2gtgt codepre  pAFAIK when user will download and run this JNLP it will hit the server based on codebase and href attributes and for getting JNLP and jar but how to read codearg1code and codearg2code in JNLP present on my server.p  pWhat should argument tags of my JNLP which is present on the server look like  whether they should be of format codeltargumentgtarg1ltargumentgtcode or of the form codeltargumentgtltrequest.getParameterarg1gtltargumentgtcode or some other format.p  pCan some please help me with this.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 325 precodeSELECT  FROM list WHERE listitem LIKE 1375 codepre  preturns results it should not. For example a result with em13753em in the listitem instead of em1375em, even though the 3 comes before the underscore.p  precode 13753  and 1375 are written above and not suppose to be italic. codepre  pIs there anyway to fix thatp
Negative 325 pI just wanted to know if I need to place a check for null at Point A below. Will it ever be null at that point Or will it only be emptynonemptyp  pThx in advance for any helpp  precodeList myList  new ArrayList PreparedStatement ps  null ResultSet rs  null String sql SELECT  FROM XXXXX   ps  getDBConnection.prepareStatementsql rs  ps.executeQuery  while rs.next   Add the row to myList using myList.add...   if myList  null POINT A Implement some logic   .. codepre
Negative 325 pI was hoping to figure out a way to write the below in a functional style with extension functions.  Ideally this functional style would perform well compared to the iterativeloop version.  Im guessing that there isnt a way.  Probably because of the many additional function calls and stack allocations, etc.p  pFundamentally I think the pattern which is making it troublesome is that it both calculates a value to use for the Predicate and then needs that calculated value again as part of the resulting collection.p  precode This is what is passed to each function.  Do not assume the array is in order. var a  0.To999999.ToArray.Shuffle   Approx times in release mode on my machine  Functional is avg 20ms per call  Iterative is avg 5ms per call  Linq is avg 14ms per call  private static Listltintgt Iterativeint[] a      var squares  new Listltintgta.Length      for int i  0 i lt a.Length i              var n  a[i]          if n  2  0                      int square  n  n              if square lt 1000000                              squares.Addsquare                                 return squares   private static Listltintgt Functionalint[] a      return     a         .Wherex gt x  2  0 ampamp x  x lt 1000000         .Selectx gt x  x         .ToList   private static Listltintgt Linqint[] a      var squares          from num in a         where num  2  0 ampamp num  num lt 1000000         select num  num      return squares.ToList  codepre
Negative 325 pIn a solution  I have three projects,you can see on picture.Want to access project1 and project2 from main project,use bellow syntax to show the desired project,but problem is when I try to find config file value show me error Object reference not set to an instance of an object. Noteindividually each project work perfectly ,each project can fetch config file info with out showing any error.but they not work when goes from main project.p  pNeed help get config file value on each projectp  pstrongsyntax use in main projectstrong p  precodeusing UI2 using UI1        if radioButton1.Checked                                      UI1.Form1 fm  new UI1.Form1                     fm.Show                                   if radioButton2.Checked                                      UI2.Form1 fm  new UI2.Form1                     fm.Show                    codepre  pIf have any query please ask,thanks in advanced.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comEqeE8.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pI need to know how i can make a column chart with the sencha touch chart 2.0, the documentation is the same as 1.0 and i know that chart 1 and 2 are incompatible.p  pHow i can make a view with a chartp  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI am working on an android project and I am facing a problem and the problem isp  blockquote   pArraylist empty when I return it.p blockquote  pHere is my java codep  precode ArrayListltArrayListltObjectgtgt container  new ArrayListltArrayListltObjectgtgt             ArrayListltObjectgt itemRow  new ArrayListltObjectgt             JSONObject jsonObj   new JSONObjectresult             JSONArray allElements  jsonObj.getJSONArrayTable             Log.iallElements,   allElements             for int i  0 i lt allElements.length i                  itemRow.addallElements.getJSONObjecti.getStringParentName.toString                 itemRow.addallElements.getJSONObjecti.getStringParentEmailID.toString                 itemRow.addallElements.getJSONObjecti.getStringParentContact.toString                 itemRow.addallElements.getJSONObjecti.getStringParentAddress.toString                 itemRow.addallElements.getJSONObjecti.getStringParentProfilePictureName.toString                 itemRow.addallElements.getJSONObjecti.getStringStudentName.toString                 Log.iitemRow, itemRow at index   i  ,   itemRow                 container.addi22, itemRow                 itemRow.clear                           return container codepre  pIn this code I have two Arraylist one for contain all the elements and another one for storing single row of elements. These Arraylist are loaded from JSONArray, all is working fine and I can print data from item row Arraylist which take single row and store into main Arraylist container.p  pBut when I return this Arraylist container and print in logcat it shows empty Arraylist like p  precode[[], [], [], [], []]. codepre  pI cannot understand why this happen please help me to solve this issue.p  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI am having trouble understanding how I can get to edit files on a WebDAV setup. I have set up the Auth correctly, as verified by loads of online tutorials, yet there are some files like code.htaccesscode which I cant edit.p  pThe contents of the VirtualHost setup arep  precodeltVirtualHost 80gt          ServerAdmin xxx         ServerName xxx          DocumentRoot datawwwvhostsxxx         ltDirectory datawwwvhostsxxxgt                 Options Indexes MultiViews                 AllowOverride None                 Order allow,deny                 allow from all         ltDirectorygt          ltLocation gt                 DAV On                 AuthType Basic                 AuthName WebDAV Access                 AuthUserFile datawww.htpasswdwebdav                 Require validuser         ltLocationgt  ltVirtualHostgt codepre  pIve generated the correct username in the file too, and I can log in successfully and see all the files. Like I say, the problem is that certain files are unreadable and unwritable, the main culprits being code.htaccesscode and code.gitignorecode.p  pI have set the permissions on all files to code664code and all folders to code775code and a codeusergroupcode of codexxxwwwdatacode. The reason being that this allows PHP to readwrite the files ok, and our remote login user codexxxcode to do the same without permissions issues.p  pIs there something specific I need to do to allow reading writing to these hidden dot files Im completely stumped, as most tutorials Ive read are telling me that if I dont set the rights on dot files to coderootrootcode then they will be writable. I am using a Mac to connect to the WebDAV service, which runs on Ubuntu, if this makes any differencep  pJust for clarity, all of the codexxxcode in this question is to hide info.p
Negative 325 pIm writing a Yatzy program for c class. We are supposed to print the value of different dice using stdcout. What I want to do is so save a constant string as then just that constant to print the dice out, so rather than usingp  precodestdcout ltlt n     n    n     nn codepre  pI want to have a constant string with that value and do thisp  precodestdcout ltlt theConstantString codepre  pGeneric programming wins againp  precode                   codepre  pThe solution I have for it seems suboptimal to me. This is the relevant codep  pYatzyIO.hp  precodeclass YatzyIO      private       Define die constants     static const stdstring dieOnePrint     static const stdstring dieTwoPrint     static const stdstring dieThreePrint     static const stdstring dieFourPrint     static const stdstring dieFivePrint     static const stdstring dieSixPrint       void dieOne     void dieTwo     void dieThree     void dieFour     void dieFive     void dieSix codepre  pbr there are more code than that in there, I just cut anything that wasnt relevent, which I assume Im supposed to anywayp  pNow, outside the implementation of any function in YatzyIO.cppp  precodeconst stdstring YatzyIOdieOnePrint  n     n    n     nn const stdstring YatzyIOdieTwoPrint  n    n     n    nn const stdstring YatzyIOdieThreePrint  n    n    n    nn const stdstring YatzyIOdieFourPrint  n   n     n   nn const stdstring YatzyIOdieFivePrint  n   n    n   nn const stdstring YatzyIOdieSixPrint  n   n   n   nn codepre  pAnd finally in YatzyIO.ccp I have these functionsp  precodevoid YatzyIOdieOne      output die side 1     stdcout ltlt dieOnePrint  codepre  p1 for each die, and it looks similarp  pThis is only lab 2 of 3 Ive finished so far, the third replaces these consts with arrays. I was graded on lab 1, which contain this code as well and my teacher said and Im translating here since Im swedish, so whatever is lost in translation Im sorryp  pIts good that you use member variable so save the different dice output. I suggest you save the different lines that form the different output in your member variables instead.p  pWhat does he mean Is there a better way to do it I cant initizalize noninteger constants in the header file. Ive tried a bunch of different way, because honestly my solution seems not so optimal to me.p
Negative 325 pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.net9LuS2 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net9LuS2ap  pThis code seems to work in modern browsers  IE8. But in IE7 open up IE, hit F12 and do IE7 mode the fiddle doesnt work at all, and in the actual page I am working on it doesnt work, but then if you click it, it appears, but then wont go away.p  pWhat is the best way to do a hover event with DIVs that will work going back to IE7.p  pDo I need to use JSp  pIf so can someone suggest either pure JS or YUI lib as I cannot use jquery for this project.p
Negative 325 pI have a masterdetail application that has a tableview in the codemasterViewControllercode and in the codedetailviewcode you can edit and add info into textfields and so on. I have a save button as the coderightBarButtonItemcode in the detail view. If they did not save their work and they hit back I have a codeUIAlertViewcode that popsup asking them if they want to save their work. Behind the alertview the detailview is still dismissed and the masterviewcontroller is now showing. p  pSo when I hit save the tableview does not update. I have code[tableview reloadData]code in my masterviewcontroller codeviewWillAppearcode but it does not work because the viewappears behind the alertview before the user can hit save. I would like to call the code[tableview reloadData]code or something similar in this method here which is called from my detailview.p  precode voidalertViewUIAlertView alertView clickedButtonAtIndexNSIntegerbuttonIndex codepre  pI cant just call code[tableview reloadData]code because the alertViews delegate is set as the detailview because it is pulling all the information from the textfields to save into the plist if they push save on the alertview. Is there a way I can call code[tableView reloadData]code from my alertViewp
Negative 325 pI have a open office document. I want to get its xml. Not save as word 2003 xml. I want to build up a xml from that. Does anybody know probably by making the zip from itI have Windows.p
Negative 325 pexternal CSS and inline SVG in a HTML5document are really giving me a hard time.p  pIm currently developing under the latest version of Chrome for Mac and wanted to get my SVG, which is styled with an external stylesheet, working for Firefox.p  pFor Chrome, having my SVGCSS inside the stylesheet for my webpage works fine. I just style all the htmlelements and then the SVGstuff. My stylesheet then looks something like thisp  precodebody    blalba   lt[CDATA[  line   blabla   circle    blabla   ]]gt codepre  pworks fine under chromep  pNow, if I go that route, all my SVGelements in Firefox have a black fill, so this doesnt seem to work. InlineCSS works fine inside the SVG, but strongI cant get external stylesheets to work within the SVGstrong.p  pHeres the code Im fiddling withp  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltxmlstylesheet typetextcss hrefstylesstyle.css gt ltsvg width827 height185 viewBox0 0 827 185 xmlnshttpwww.w3.org2000svg xmlnsxlinkhttpwww.w3.org1999xlinkgt     ltrect classbackground x0 y10 width825 height125 gt ltsvggt codepre  pI thought this was the correct way to do it, but it works neither in Chrome nor in Firefox. My stylesheet looks something like thisp  precodelt[CDATA[  lt if tried leaving this out, no change  line   blabla   circle    blabla   ]]gt  lt if tried leaving this out, no change codepre  pIve also doublechecked the path to my stylesheet. What am I doing wrongp  pThank you for your help p
Negative 325 pIs there a way in jQuery that I can detect a closed tab in my base app and make it refresh the pagep  pI built a ticketing system. When you click a ticket, it uses targetblank to open the ticket in a new tab. When you update a ticket and only when you do so, and then click Close  Tab link, I would like the main app the previous tab to recognize this event and automatically refresh the page.p  pI know that I can use window.open and then detect a closed handle on a loop, but its inelegant because on the IEs it doesnt open in a new tab sometimes and instead opens a new window. With targetblank, I think Im seeing that the IEs open a new tab. I prefer tabs.p
Negative 325 pI just reopened a project that was set to use Garbage Collection, and that I had last opened in Xcode 3. Now opening it again in Xcode 4.5, and looking to modernize it, I am trying to switch on ARC. However, when building, it resulted in clang error 1. Looking into more details in the Xcode logs, I saw the messagep  pclang error cannot specify both fobjcarc and fobjcgconlyp  pAh, I need to switch off Garbage Collection, which I was using before. However, when searching the build setting for the word garbage or collection, I cant find the setting in Xcode using the search field in the Build Settings in the target info.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to program a TAB based paging.p  pMy problem is each Tab contains a different background, so when I click on the hyperlink, the new background DOES NOT load, BUT the content loads.p  pAny ideasp  pCode herep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netrgarimellaAnBEc1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netrgarimellaAnBEc1ap
Negative 325 pSo Ive been struggling with this for a whole day and nothing helped so far. Ive got a PyroCMS installed in the root of the domain and a subdomain blog in the same folder publichtml.p  pNow the problem is that when visiting a hrefhttpdev.iber.co.ukblog relnofollowhttpdev.iber.co.ukbloga Im seeing blog.iber.co.uk instead. Obviously thats because the blog folder exists and its not just a url rewritten by htaccess.p  pThe folder structurep  precodepublichtml    blog       .htaccess       .index.php       etc..    .htaccess    index.php    etc.. codepre  pHowever if I remove the htaccess from blog folder dev.iber.co.ukblog gets rewritten to index.php as it should.p  pHeres the .htaccess for the dev.iber.co.ukthis subdomain is actually pointing at root publichtml folderp  precodeOptions FollowSymLinks Indexes RewriteEngine on RewriteBase   RedirectMatch 403 systemcmscachesystemcodeigniter.git.hg.  RewriteCond HTTPHOST blog.iber.co.uk [NC] RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d RewriteRule . index.php [L] codepre  pHeres the .htaccess from the wordpress blogp  precodeOptions FollowSymLinks Indexes RewriteEngine on RewriteCond HTTPHOST blog.iber.co.uk [NC] RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d RewriteRule . index.php [L] codepre  pWhat am I doing wrong I have no access to rewrite log cause its a shared server. I will give 50 rep for anyone who helps me solve it.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIve created few running totals using formulas as explained in the Crystal Reports Help. But when I try to Sort the report using my group running totals, it doesnt show me those formulas in the Sort Expert.p  pI think its because I used codeWhilePrintingRecordcode in my formula as instructed in CR Help.p  pAny ideas how to overcome this issuep
Negative 325 pbr I am relatively new to Hadoop.br I have a problem in hadoop file system. Whenever i try to put any file in HDFS, it just gets stuck or  is copying very very slow. I think the last line of the datanode log will help u understand.brp  precode20120710 132410,623 INFO org.apache.hadoop.ipc.Server IPC Server handler 2 on 50020 starting 20120710 132410,627 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataNode DatanodeRegistration10.104.9.750010, storageIDDS170961296510.104.9.7500101341924367318, infoPort50075, ipcPort50020In DataNode.run, data  FSDatasetdirpathscratchhadoopmahdfsdatacurrent 20120710 132410,627 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataNode using BLOCKREPORTINTERVAL of 3600000msec Initial delay 0msec 20120710 132410,639 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataNode BlockReport of 3 blocks got processed in 7 msecs 20120710 132410,639 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataNode Starting Periodic block scanner. 20120710 132410,692 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataBlockScanner Verification succeeded for blk1801252152891002381017 20120710 132523,304 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataNode Receiving block blk30557232342330268241001 src 10.104.9.10657912 dest 10.104.9.750010 20120710 132523,324 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataNode.clienttrace src 10.104.9.10657912, dest 10.104.9.750010, bytes 4, op HDFSWRITE, cliID DFSClient843961964, srvID DS170961296510.104.9.7500101341924367318, blockid blk30557232342330268241001 20120710 132523,325 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataNode PacketResponder 0 for block blk30557232342330268241001 terminating codepre  pbrp  pI dont know what to make of this, i was hoping i could get help here.br Thank you.p
Negative 325 pRecently I posted a question about the Android HTTPpost AsyncHttpClient. It is located here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11424624androidhttppostasynchttpclientAndroid HTTPpost AsyncHttpClienta The following is the updated method. As you can see this is a boolean method. I have the done variable as a global variable and when the user clicks the Login button I check if postLoginData returned true or false. I need to move on to another activity if true otherwise I show a dialog. But done is being set to true in a new thread and I cannot really have my main thread be waiting because that will cause another error. Im not sure of what should be my work around. I am hoping someone would post a tutorial that uses AsyncHttpClient to login.p  precodepublic boolean postLoginDataString userid, String password      done  false     params1.putusername,      params1.putpassword,       Log.daddteq, Start Get Post      AsyncHttpClient myClient  new AsyncHttpClient     myClient.posthttp192.168.2.108htdocsactionlogin,             params1, new AsyncHttpResponseHandler                  Override                 public void onSuccessString response                      done  true                     System.out.printlnlogin success                                   return done  codepre
Negative 325 pIm in the process of designing an API in PHP that will use OAuth2.0. My end goal is to build a frontend application in javascript using AngularJS that accesses this API directly. I know that traditionally theres no way to secure transactions in javascript and so directly accessing an API isnt feasible. The frontend would need to communicate with server code that in turn communicated with the API directly. However, in researching OAuth2 it looks as if the UserAgent Flow is designed to help in this situation.p  pWhat I need help with is implementing the OAuth2 UserAgent Flow in javascript particularly AngularJS if possible as thats what Im using for my frontend. I havent been able to find any examples or tutorials that do this. I really have no idea where to start and dont want to read through the entire OAuth2 spec without at least seeing an example of what Ill be looking at doing. So any examples, tutorials, links, etc would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 325 pSo check out this jsfiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netw3fPS relnofollowHereap  pWhat Im trying to dop  pSeries of links each with an initially hidden div of content beneath them.p  pClicking on a link should A show the div content for that link B if any other links div content is open, close it.p  pie, only one div content section should be open at a time.p  pAt the top of the codeclickcode handler Im capturing the clicked links id into a var. However during the codeeachcode call this appears to be updating as shown by the alert call I have in there for demo purposes. p  precode.linkpart.clickfunction      var clickedId  this.id     .linkpart.eachfunctioni, obj          alertclickedId     obj.id         ifclickedId  obj.id                obj.id  div.slideToggle500          else              ifnone    obj.id  div.cssdisplay                    obj.id  div.slideToggle200                                return false  codepre  pWhy is this How do I get it to be a nonmutable variablep
Negative 325 pI want to choose certain tabs of a browser via java code. For example , I want to access 3rd or the last tab of browser and oper some web page over there. Is there a way  p
Negative 325 pI am doing a performance test of neo4js traversal speed between neo4js blueprints and native implementation. I have created a graph of 1000 nodes with 1 node per level i.e.p  pOOOO. . . .Op  pI have recorded an iteration for loop code time of 90ms, 93ms and 79ms ran 3 times using this blueprints codep  precodeIterableltVertexgt vertices  testGraph.getVertices  Code block which was measured. forVertex vertex  vertices codepre  pand using native code 270ms, 268ms and 321msp  precodeIterableltNodegt nodes  Traversal.description.breadthFirst.relationshipsCustomRelTypes.LINKEDTO, Direction.OUTGOING.evaluatorEvaluators.all.traverserootNode.nodes  Code block which was measured. forNode node  nodes codepre  pI cant understand how is neo4js blueprints implementation is faster. I havent done any special configuration for any one of them. Time is almost same for depthFirst too.p  pdoes anyone how i can speed up native performance to match blueprints.p  pthank you.p
Negative 325 pI would like to create a star rating system for outlook 2010 email , I send an email at the customer for evaluate the solution 5 star rating with link html  bad , good, very good ... p  pSame of a hrefhttpyefomit.cominternetsimplecssrater relnofollowhttpyefomit.cominternetsimplecssratera but compatible with outlook 2010 outlook block css Thanks to allp
Negative 325 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6163111twitterapinotacceptingcallbackurlforandroidappTwitter API not accepting callback URL for Android Appa  p blockquote    pWhen i try to integrate twitter in my android apps it shows this error...p  pWhy it shows this errorp  pWhat is the solution for this errorp  pAny one can help mep  precode0716 174405.875 WSystem.err395 oauth.signpost.exception.OAuthCommunicationException Communication with the service provider failed httptwitter.comoauthrequesttoken 0716 174405.905 WSystem.err395  at oauth.signpost.AbstractOAuthProvider.retrieveTokenAbstractOAuthProvider.java214 0716 174405.905 WSystem.err395  at oauth.signpost.AbstractOAuthProvider.retrieveRequestTokenAbstractOAuthProvider.java69 0716 174405.905 WSystem.err395  at net.londatiga.android.TwitterApp2.runTwitterApp.java117 0716 174405.905 WSystem.err395 Caused by java.io.FileNotFoundException httptwitter.comoauthrequesttoken 0716 174405.905 WSystem.err395  at org.apache.harmony.luni.internal.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getInputStreamHttpURLConnection.java1061 0716 174405.915 WSystem.err395  at oauth.signpost.basic.HttpURLConnectionResponseAdapter.getContentHttpURLConnectionResponseAdapter.java18 0716 174405.925 WSystem.err395  at oauth.signpost.AbstractOAuthProvider.handleUnexpectedResponseAbstractOAuthProvider.java228 0716 174405.925 WSystem.err395  at oauth.signpost.AbstractOAuthProvider.retrieveTokenAbstractOAuthProvider.java189 544 PM codepre  pCode....p  precodepublic class TestConnect extends Activity      private TwitterApp mTwitter     private CheckBox mTwitterBtn      private static final String twitterconsumerkey  xxxxxxxxxxxx     private static final String twittersecretkey  xxxxxxxxxxxxx      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState          setContentViewR.layout.main          mTwitterBtn  CheckBox findViewByIdR.id.twitterCheck          mTwitterBtn.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  onTwitterClick                                mTwitter     new TwitterAppthis, twitterconsumerkey,twittersecretkey          mTwitter.setListenermTwLoginDialogListener          if mTwitter.hasAccessToken              mTwitterBtn.setCheckedtrue              String username  mTwitter.getUsername             username         username.equals  Unknown  username              mTwitterBtn.setText  Twitter   username               mTwitterBtn.setTextColorColor.WHITE                   Button goBtn  Button findViewByIdR.id.button1          goBtn.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  startActivitynew IntentTestConnect.this, TestPost.class                                 private void onTwitterClick          if mTwitter.hasAccessToken              final AlertDialog.Builder builder  new AlertDialog.Builderthis              builder.setMessageDelete current Twitter connection                    .setCancelablefalse                    .setPositiveButtonYes, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                         public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int id                             mTwitter.resetAccessToken                             mTwitterBtn.setCheckedfalse                            mTwitterBtn.setText  Twitter Not connected                            mTwitterBtn.setTextColorColor.GRAY                                                                .setNegativeButtonNo, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                         public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int id                              dialog.cancel                              mTwitterBtn.setCheckedtrue                                                         final AlertDialog alert  builder.create              alert.show          else              mTwitterBtn.setCheckedfalse              mTwitter.authorize                    private final TwDialogListener mTwLoginDialogListener  new TwDialogListener          Override         public void onCompleteString value              String username  mTwitter.getUsername             username         username.equals  No Name  username              mTwitterBtn.setText  Twitter    username               mTwitterBtn.setCheckedtrue             mTwitterBtn.setTextColorColor.WHITE              Toast.makeTextTestConnect.this, Connected to Twitter as   username, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                   Override         public void onErrorString value              mTwitterBtn.setCheckedfalse              Toast.makeTextTestConnect.this, Twitter connection failed, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                 codepre
Negative 325 pIntroduction Let me first introduce you to my android app. Its a foodreview app which let user to give hisher review of a particular food of a restaurant.p  pFlow of the app  1. User launches the app. 2. A list of nearby restaurants popsup. 3. User selects a restaurant. 4. A list of menu of the selected restaurant is displayed. 5. User selects the food of which heshe wishes to give reviewview the rating.p  pProgress so far I used Google Place API to get a list of nearby restaurants. But the API does not give a searchable list of foods menus of the restaurant.p  pIssue The menus, along with the restaurant, are required to be stored in the database along with the reviews of the dishes. If I make one table for restaurants and other table for menus of the restaurant then searching and retrieval time will become very huge.p  pNeed Can you please tell me how should I design my database so that the retrieval time is as less as micro seconds. Do I need to use some third party app for retrieving records in minimum time possible.p  pPlease reply asap.p
Negative 325 pOur client requested a website, but didnt want to pay for a mobile version. We still are making it work on mobile. When zoomed all the way out, Chrome on Android 4.0 is scaling a bunch of the text. We have tried setting the webkittextsizeadjustnone property, but it seems to be ignored and text is still being scaled up.p  pWorks fine on iOS.p  pAny suggestionsp
Negative 325 pI dont believe Wikipedias infoboxes take into account the various parts of a persons name such as separating the surname from the given aka first or Christian name, etc.p  pBut I also believe DBPedia uses several other ontologies besides what it gets directly from Wikipedia.p  pSo what Im wondering is whether its possible to make SPARQL queries which will select people from Wikipedia based on just their given name.p  pFor instance could I query for codeAll knights of the British empire whose first name is Timcodep
Negative 325 pI have autocomplete function. I tested it on normal aspx page. But now i have to put it in xsl. I tried many ways but didnt work.p  pI also have javascripts in xsl and they are working.p  pI tried codelt[CDATA[code ,codeltxslcommentgtcode and something like that.p  pHere is my code p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt    document.readyfunction        Size.autocompleteAutoCompleteData.ashx          document.readyfunction         Color.autocompleteAutoCompleteData2.ashx        document.readyfunction        Brand.autocompleteAutoCompleteData3.ashx     ltscriptgt codepre  pI put an alert before codeSize.autocompleteAutoCompleteData.ashxcode this line and it worked.p  pAnd i checked my paths it was true.p  pI put an alert in beginning of codeautocomplete.jscode and it didnt work.p  precodeltinput typetext IDSize runatservergt ltinput typetext IDColor runatservergt ltinput typetext IDBrand runatservergt codepre
Negative 325 pmy code isp  precodeclass SplitString      public static void mainString[] args          Pattern p         String test  a1b2c3         String[] token1  test.splitd         System.out.printlnfirst case    token1.length          for String s  token1             System.out.prints             String[] token2  test.splitb         System.out.printlnnnsecond case    token2.length          for String s  token2             System.out.prints             String[] token3  test.splita         System.out.printlnnnthird case    token3.length          for String s  token3             System.out.prints          codepre  pOutputp  precodefirst case  3 a b c  second case  2  a1b2c3  third case  1 a1b2c3 codepre  pI am new to java and trying to execute split but cannot able to grasp its concept since all cases have different answers but what exactly the difference between themp
Negative 325 pIm currently developing a C application that provides several features. One of these are to on each startup check if theres a new version of a specific file with a different size. If there is, I want the application to UPDATE it, but not actually redownload it. I know this is possible with textfiles using StreamWriter etc.p  pThe file is currently located at my dropbox public folder, only for testing purposes. What I mean with update is simply if its possible to only download the part of the file thats not already a part  of the local file, hence reduce the time required to update the file.p  pAre you to convert other filetypes to text aswell in order to update it If so, how Are there any other optionsp  pCheersp
Negative 325 pSo I am trying to create a basic WinForm Application that uses SNMP, from snmpsharpnet. p  pI have two buttons Eye and Jitter that when one is pressed a timer starts which executes SNMP code inside the timer handler every minute.p  pI am trying to write the SNMP output to a textbox from the timer handler but everything I try either leads to thread exceptions or a continuous running process when I exit the program.p  pI have tried so many different things to fix those two errors that I may be screwing everything up but here is the code I havep  precodeusing System using System.Net using SnmpSharpNet using System.Collections.Generic using System.ComponentModel using System.Data using System.Drawing using System.Linq using System.Text using System.Windows.Forms  namespace WindowsFormsApplication1      public partial class Form1  Form              public static bool stop  false          static bool min  false, sec  false, eye  false, jitter  false         static string ipAdd           static System.Windows.Forms.Timer timer  new System.Windows.Forms.Timer         static int alarmCounter  1         static bool exitFlag  false         static TextBox textbox          public Form1                      InitializeComponent                   private void Form1Loadobject sender, EventArgs e                      textbox  outputBox                   private void IPtextTextChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                      ipAdd  IPtext.Text                   private void stopButtonClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      stop  true             timer.Stop                    This is the method to run when the timer is raised.         private static void TimerEventProcessorObject myObject,                                             EventArgs myEventArgs                      timer.Stop               If stop button has not been pressed then continue timer.             if stop  false                              textbox.Clear                  Restarts the timer and increments the counter.                 alarmCounter  1                 timer.Enabled  true                                  textbox.Invoke                     new MethodInvoker                         delegate  textbox.AppendTextfsjda                                   System.IO.StreamWriter file                 if eye  true                                      file  new System.IO.StreamWritercUsersbshellnutDesktopEye.txt, true                                  else                                      file  new System.IO.StreamWritercUsersbshellnutDesktopJitter.txt, true                                    SNMP community name                 OctetString community  new OctetStringpublic                   Define agent parameters class                 AgentParameters param  new AgentParameterscommunity                  Set SNMP version to 2 GETBULK only works with SNMP ver 2 and 3                 param.Version  SnmpVersion.Ver2                  Construct the agent address object                  IpAddress class is easy to use here because                   it will try to resolve constructor parameter if it doesnt                   parse to an IP address                 IpAddress agent  new IpAddressipAdd                   Construct target                 UdpTarget target  new UdpTargetIPAddressagent, 161, 2000, 1                   Define Oid that is the root of the MIB                   tree you wish to retrieve                 Oid rootOid                 if eye  true                                      rootOid  new Oid1.3.6.1.4.1.128.5.2.10.14  ifDescr                                  else                                      rootOid  new Oid1.3.6.1.4.1.128.5.2.10.15                                    This Oid represents last Oid returned by                   the SNMP agent                 Oid lastOid  OidrootOid.Clone                   Pdu class used for all requests                 Pdu pdu  new PduPduType.GetBulk                   In this example, set NonRepeaters value to 0                 pdu.NonRepeaters  0                  MaxRepetitions tells the agent how many OidValue pairs to return                  in the response.                 pdu.MaxRepetitions  5                   Loop through results                 while lastOid  null                                       When Pdu class is first constructed, RequestId is set to 0                      and during encoding id will be set to the random value                      for subsequent requests, id will be set to a value that                      needs to be incremented to have unique request ids for each                      packet                     if pdu.RequestId  0                                              pdu.RequestId  1                                           Clear Oids from the Pdu class.                     pdu.VbList.Clear                      Initialize request PDU with the last retrieved Oid                     pdu.VbList.AddlastOid                      Make SNMP request                     SnmpV2Packet result                     try                                              result  SnmpV2Packettarget.Requestpdu, param                         textbox.Text                                            catch SnmpSharpNet.SnmpException                                              textbox.Invoke                             new MethodInvoker                                 delegate  textbox.AppendTextCould not connect to the IP Provided.                          timer.Stop                         outputBox.Text  Could not connect to the IP Provided.                         break                                           You should catch exceptions in the Request if using in real application.                       If result is null then agent didnt reply or we couldnt parse the reply.                     if result  null                                               ErrorStatus other then 0 is an error returned by                           the Agent  see SnmpConstants for error definitions                         if result.Pdu.ErrorStatus  0                                                       agent reported an error with the request                             Console.WriteLineError in SNMP reply. Error 0 index 1,                                 result.Pdu.ErrorStatus,                                 result.Pdu.ErrorIndex                                 textbox.Invoke                                     new MethodInvoker                                         delegate  textbox.AppendTextError in SNMP reply.   Error   result.Pdu.ErrorStatus   index   result.Pdu.ErrorIndex                              outputBox.Text  Error in SNMP reply.   Error   result.Pdu.ErrorStatus   index   result.Pdu.ErrorIndex                             lastOid  null                             break                                                  else                                                       Walk through returned variable bindings                             foreach Vb v in result.Pdu.VbList                                                               Check that retrieved Oid is child of the root OID                                 if rootOid.IsRootOfv.Oid                                                                      Console.WriteLine0 1 2,                                         v.Oid.ToString,                                         SnmpConstants.GetTypeNamev.Value.Type,                                         v.Value.ToString                          textbox.Invoke                                             new MethodInvoker                                                  delegate  textbox.AppendTextv.Oid.ToString     SnmpConstants.GetTypeNamev.Value.Type                                                 v.Value.ToString  Environment.NewLine                                       outputBox.Text  v.Oid.ToString     SnmpConstants.GetTypeNamev.Value.Type                                            v.Value.ToString  Environment.NewLine                      file.WriteLinev.Oid.ToString     SnmpConstants.GetTypeNamev.Value.Type                                        v.Value.ToString, true                                     if v.Value.Type  SnmpConstants.SMIENDOFMIBVIEW                                         lastOid  null                                     else                                         lastOid  v.Oid                                                                  else                                                                       we have reached the end of the requested                                      MIB tree. Set lastOid to null and exit loop                                     lastOid  null                                                                                                                                 else                                              Console.WriteLineNo response received from SNMP agent.                         textbox.Invoke                             new MethodInvoker                                 delegate  textbox.AppendTextNo response received from SNMP agent.                          outputBox.Text  No response received from SNMP agent.                                                       target.Close                 file.Close                          else                               Stops the timer.                 exitFlag  true                                private void eyeButtonClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      outputBox.Text  Connecting...             eye  true             jitter  false             stop  false              timer.Tick  new EventHandlerTimerEventProcessor               Sets the timer interval to 5 seconds.             timer.Interval  5000             timer.Start               Runs the timer, and raises the event.             while exitFlag  false                               Processes all the events in the queue.                 Application.DoEvents                                private void jitterButtonClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      outputBox.Text  Connecting...             eye  false             jitter  true             stop  false              timer.Tick  new EventHandlerTimerEventProcessor               Sets the timer interval to 5 seconds.             timer.Interval  5000             timer.Start               Runs the timer, and raises the event.             while exitFlag  false                               Processes all the events in the queue.                 Application.DoEvents                                private void SecondsCheckedChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                      min  false             sec  true                   private void MinutesCheckedChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                      min  true             sec  false                codepre
Negative 325 pI have seen several examples that say you can create a running total, but that doesnt work for me either.  Here is my data from Oraclep  precodeSelect 19000 as sales, Ted as teammember from dual union select 150000, Bob from dual union select 80000, Sally from dual   union select 8000, Sally from dual   codepre  pMy formula for commissionp  precodeIf sumCommand.SALES, Command.TEAMMEMBER .2 lt 20000 then sumCommand.SALES, Command.TEAMMEMBER .2 else 20000 codepre  pMy formula for sumval p  precodewhileprintingrecords global numbervar sumval sumval sumval  Commission codepre  pI put codeteammembercode and codesalescode in the Detail section.  I put codeCommissioncode and codesumvalcode in the Group Footer.  I want codetotal salescode and codetotal commissioncode in the report footer. p  pIt wont let me create a summary, so I put codecommissioncode and codesumvalcode in total.  The value 41,400 would be correct.  The existence of Commission in the Footer does not affect the value of codesumvalcode.p  pMy report is like thisp  precodeBob     150,000   20,000   20,000 Sally     8,000 sally    80,000           88,000  17,600    37,600 ted      19,000   3,800    41,400 total   257,000   3,800    45,200        codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to set up a css animation that will work in Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Opera to animate the width of some coloured bars back and forth while retaining the overall width to fit the page.p  pI set up a demo at a hrefhttpcodepen.iomarblegravypenrxhym relnofollowhttpcodepen.iomarblegravypenrxhymap  pIf you open it in Chrome, it works exactly as I want with it sticking to the edges of the page whatever the width so it will work in a responsive layout.p  pIn Firefox, Safari and Opera however, it appears that the codeanimationtimingfunction linearcode or the linear declaration in codeanimation bulge4 7s infinite alternatereverse linearcode isnt taking effect and the whole thing scales back and forth.p  pI am using a hrefhttpleaverou.github.comprefixfree relnofollowPrefixfreea to shortcut the coding on Codepen, but I dont think thats where the problem is.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 325 pI am new to snapin and property pages.p  pI have a source code that is developed in Visual basic 6.0 of snapinuserControl and property pages that are referenced in snapin. These will be run in mmc. Now how can i debug this snapin and property pages by adding in mmc.p
Negative 325 pI have one dropdownlist with static listitems. On SelectedIndexChanged event of this dropdownlist, I have three cases to checkp  p1 If the value is A, I need to bind another dropdownlist. 2 If value is B, I need to hide above another dropdownlist and instead show nothing in place of that i.e. ulitmately hide that particular div. 3 If values is C, I need to hide above div and in place of that, show a textbox.p  pNow, to prevent Page postback each time a value in dropdownlist is changed, I am using UpdatePanel control here.p  pI have tried using single updatepanel for both these dropdownlists, two separate udpatePanels for each of them.p  pWith two separate updatePanels, I could succeed in calling the SelectedIndexChanged event of that dropdownlist, but once the event is called, the changes done in that code are not reflecting on the page.p  pi.e. if I hide a div when selected value is B, it still shows me, or in either case if it is A and I bind another dropdown, it does not even render.p  pAnd, if I reload that page, the pervious changes get reflected. Can anybody please tell me what could be wrong herep  pAlso, please note that I want be able to postback the page programmatically, because that is the I am trying to prevent.p  pAlso, I would like to notify here that I am using all these things in a WizrdStep of an asp.net wizard control.p  pWould be greatful for any help.p  pThank you in advance.p
Negative 325 pI am developing a multithreaded sqlite database application on an Ubuntu virtual machine that has 4 processors allocated to it. I am using sqlite version 3.7.13. I created a test to verify that multiple threadsconnections can read from the database at the same time.p  pI have two executables.  The first executable simply creates a database, creates 1 table in that database, inserts 50 items into that table, and then closes the database.  This does not involve any multithreading at all and is simply meant to provide a database with entries in it.p  pThe second executable creates multiple threads to read from the database and waits for them to finish and records the time that it took for all of the threads to complete.  Each thread does the following                 create a database connection using sqliteopenv2 so that each thread has its own individual connection to the database created from the first executable                 perform 100000 SELECTS on the one database table each select queries for one row in the table                 close the database connectionp  pWhen I ran this test with SQLITEOPENREADWRITE specified as the flags for sqliteopenv2 in each thread, I get the following results for total time to perform all queriesp  p1 Thread  0.65 seconds 2 Threads  0.70 seconds 3 Threads  0.76 seconds 4 Threads  0.91 seconds 5 Threads  1.10 seconds 6 Threads  1.28 seconds 7 Threads  1.57 seconds 8 Threads  1.78 secondsp  pThese results were as expected as the times increase just a little probably from context switching between threads and other causes as I add threads, meaning that reads are basically being done in parallel.p  pHowever, when I ran this same test with SQLITEOPENREADWRITE  SQLITEOPENSHAREDCACHE for the flags, I get the following resultsp  p1 Thread  0.67 seconds 2 Threads  2.43 seconds 3 Threads  4.81 seconds 4 Threads  6.60 seconds 5 Threads  8.03 seconds 6 Threads  9.41 seconds 7 Threads  11.17 seconds 8 Threads  12.79 secondsp  pFrom these results, it appears that something in shared cache mode is preventing multiple reads from happening in the database at the same time.  I have verified that indeed different the threads are running in parallel thread 4 reads, thread 8 reads, thread 2 reads, etc. rather than thread 1 performs all its reads, thread 2 performs all its reads, thread 3 performs all its reads, etc..  However, it appears that the reads for each individual transaction are being done in serial, or something else is slowing down the database in shared cache.p  pWhy am I seeing such a high increase in times as I add threads in shared cache mode as opposed to without it  Is there a way to fix this and still use shared cache modep  pThanks for any help.  It is much appreciated.p
Negative 325 pI have to implement an Android 2.2 application which should be able to upload images selected from its gallery, But I have no device with Android 2.2 so I have to test this on emulator, but I dont know how to copy images to emulators sd card from my computers hard disk. There are lot of similar type posts I found and none of them worked for me. So I hope your helpp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI am trying to crop the object from its background on an image using AForge.net. I have detect the edges of the object using cannyEegeDetector, but I dons know how to crop it using the detected edges.  Do you have any ideas to crop the object from the backgroundp
Negative 325 pIve havent seen any post related to uploading video from iPhone Xcode to ASP.NET, so far only Facebook and Youtube and PHP.p  pIve followed one example of uploading video but to php httpwww.youtube.comwatchvzqRnnwFpRqkp  pbut somehow it doesnt work. The file reached the ASP.NET side as with just the headers, no video content. I can open up and see the file with the post header with a text editor.p  pWhat could be wrongp  precodeNSCharacterSet mov  [NSCharacterSet characterSetWithCharactersInString.MOV] self.mediaPath  [self.mediaPath stringByTrimmingCharactersInSetmov] NSData videoData  [NSData dataWithContentsOfFile[[NSBundle mainBundle] pathForResourceself.mediaPath ofTypeMOV]] NSString urlString  httpmysite.commobileupload.aspx NSMutableURLRequest request  [[NSMutableURLRequest alloc] init] [request setURL[NSURL URLWithStringurlString]] [request setHTTPMethodPOST] NSString boundary  14737809831466499882746641500 NSString contentType  [NSString stringWithFormatmultipartformdata boundary,boundary] [request addValuecontentType forHTTPHeaderField ContentType] NSString platformType  kMETROPLATFORMTYPEIOS [request addValueplatformType forHTTPHeaderFieldSDPlatform] mediaType  kTYPEVIDEO [request addValuemediaType forHTTPHeaderFieldSDCategory] videoFilename  [NSString stringWithFormat, [self GenerateUuid], .mov] [request addValuevideoFilename forHTTPHeaderFieldSDFilename] self.mediaPath  [NSString stringWithFormat, kVIDEOSURL, videoFilename] NSMutableData body  [NSMutableData data] [body appendData[[NSString stringWithFormatrnrn,boundary] dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]] [body appendData[[NSString stringWithFormatContentDisposition formdata nameuserfile filenamern, videoFilename] dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]] [body appendData[ContentType applicationoctetstreamrnContentTransferEncoding binaryrn dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]] [body appendData[NSData dataWithDatavideoData]] [body appendData[[NSString stringWithFormatrnrn,boundary] dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]] [request setHTTPBodybody] NSData returnData  [NSURLConnection sendSynchronousRequestrequest returningResponsenil errornil] codepre  pIn the ASP.NET code behind, heres what I havep  precodestring uploadPath  upload HttpFileCollection fileCollection  Request.Files fileCollection[0].SaveAsServer.MapPathuploadPath  fileCollection[0].FileName] codepre  pThats all.p
Negative 325 pI have a WFC Data Service using OData v3. Following REST specification I created a method invoked by POST that adds an entity a emClientem in this case using Entity Framework.p  pEverything works great and adds as expected but the thing is Im not pretty comfortable passing all the parameters I need using the query string, meaning the typical POST is usually codeapplicationxwwwformurlencodedcode and sends the parameters in the request body instead of the query string. WCF Data Services dont seem to allow this in a relatively straightforward way.p  pAre there any major drawbacksecurity issue besides the obvious size limitation of the query string using the query string that I should know of Can I send parameters in the request body and use codeapplicationxwwwformurlencodedcode without jumping through millions of hoopsp  pIt just doesnt feel right to use the query string for everything.p
Negative 325 pIm looking for a way to instruct the .NET runtime, that it shall not check online the revocation status of a code signing certificate with the respective certification authority for certain assemblies. These assemblies run within a SharePoint 2010 web site under IIS in a securityrestricted internal network which has no access to the internet and hence cannot query the CA.p  pWeve tried setting a CAS policy to enforce full trust for this codep  precodeltCodeGroup     classUnionCodeGroup     version1     PermissionSetNameFullTrust     NameShareModelStrongName     DescriptionThis code group grants full trust for custom assemblies.gt     ltIMembershipCondition         classStrongNameMembershipCondition         version1         PublicKeyBlob0024...8cd4         gt     ltCodeGroupgt codepre  pThis setting was deployed as part of a customized codewssminimaltrust.configcode file. However, this has no impact on the mechanism of CRL checking.p  pWhats the right way to go around this other  proper .NET configuration, possibly in codemachine.configcode, some Windows Server 2008 R2 configuration, something else p
Negative 325 pI am trying to find the path between two locations on Mapkit. All I have is two locations. Now I have to find the exact path between these points and draw a line between these points using MapKit. I have gone through several examples in which they are using .csv files. In that .csv file they have stored the latitude and longitude values of the full path and drawing line based on those values.p  pBut here I am trying to draw a line without knowing the path. So is there any way to find the path dynamically and draw a linep
Negative 325 pi have a folder in windows with Arabic name utf8 im trying to get this name and display it in a browser using phpp  precodeenc  mbdetectencodingfolder utf8folder  iconvenc, UTF8, folder echo utf8folder codepre  porp  precodeecho folder codepre  pgetting ...p  phelpp
Negative 325 pIs calling an ajax function possible before someones decide to leave the page. I mean i can ask the user if user wants to leave or stay. But i dont know how to alter behaviour when user click yes leave the page button. p  pI have this code working..p  precodeltheadgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function catchExit          return All your data is going to be lost. Are you sure      ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbody onbeforeunloadreturn catchExitgt ltpgt     Dont leave the page. ltpgt ltbodygt codepre
Negative 325 pIm building an application that is like an RSS reader for public pages feeds. My problem is I dont want the user to have to login since I have no care who they are, yet to access public feeds Facebook requires that an app have a accesstoken. I was wondering if there is a way to get a token for the app that allows me to see public feeds.p
Negative 325 pIs there any way to replicate Ms Excel worksheets dynamically, using openTBS on template side im used to delimit this in Ms Word with Page Breaks between the block begin and end... p  pWhat i need is p  precode[baseblockbegin] blablabla text.... Page Break [baseblockend] codepre  pSo it can repeat all block on another page.p  pIs there any way to do that in Excel But instead of a page break any other thing that will make that works in Excel  p
Negative 325 pI have added the all spring distribution 3.1.1 jars to the build path which includes org.springframework.contextsources3.1.1.RELEASE.jar  org.springframework.beanssources3.1.1.RELEASE.jar. p  pBut still the eclipse build error says,  emThe import org.springframework.context.ApplicationContext cannot be resolved.emp  pBefore adding the all jars in spring distribution 3.1.1, I have added jars manually one by one which includes, springcontext3.0.2.RELEASE.jar and springbeans3.0.2.RELEASE.jar. At that time the ApplicationContext recognized successfully. But then i thought adding jars one by one is waster of time and why not download all jars in latest spring distribution and give it to build path.p  pInitially i thought it might be a conflict with complied class in build forder because i build the project with diferent versions of contextsources jar. So i delete the build folder and clean the project too. Still the issue exists when i add spring 3.1.1 jars.p
Negative 325 pAnother image overlap issue here using Masonry and Ajax to append items in Wordpress. The first time more items are appended, the images overlap. However, when the page is reloaded, the images no longer overlap. I realize after doing some research this has to do with calculating the height of the images.p  pFrom the help page on the Masonry website, it is suggested to use the stronggetimagesizestrong function in order to specify the width and height of the images.p  pHowever, this is where I am stuck. Because of my limited knowledge of PHP, I have no idea how to utilize this function or where to place it in my code, so Im looking for a little direction here. Can anyone help me figure out how to integrate the stronggetimagesizestrong function into my codep  pHere is the masonry codep  precodedocument.readyfunction      var container  loopswrapper      container.imagesLoaded function       container.masonry         itemSelector  .postbox,         columnWidth 302                       codepre  pThis is the ajax fetching codep  precode.loadmorecont a.liveclick, functione      e.preventDefault     this.addClassloading.textLoading...     .ajax         type GET,         url this.attrhref  loopswrapper,         dataType html,         success functionout              result  out.find.postbox             nextlink  out.find.loadmorecont a.attrhref              loopswrapper.appendresult.masonryappended, result             .loadmorecont a.removeClassloading.textLoad more posts              if nextlink  undefined                  .loadmorecont a.attrhref, nextlink              else                  .loadmorecont.remove                             codepre
Negative 325 pThanks to folks here on stackoverflow I have  mastered most aspects of database sqlite control using php in a matter of days And managed to build a basic crud cms. I am now making minor improvements and stuck on saving database sort in a session. When I click off the page and then return, the session is not saved. I have got so far and this seems a frustrating stumbling block. This is what I havep  precode        sessionstart          SESSION[sort]  GET[sort]         savedsort  SESSION[sort]  store session data  ifemptyGET[sort] ampamp ctypealnumtrimGET[sort] sort  trimGET[sort]gt if page is empty      links to sort data lth2gtltphp echo savedsortgtlth2gt         lttable border0 aligncenter cellpadding8 cellspacing0 idshowgtlttrgtltth width5gtlta hrefsortidgtIDltagtltthgtltthgtIMGltthgtltthgtlta hrefsortnamegtNAMEltagtltthgt         ltth width10gtlta hrefsortcatgtCATltagtltthgtlttrgt      query string     sort columns      ifsort  savedsort     result  dbgtquerySELECT  FROM table1 ORDER BY savedsort           elseresult  dbgtquerySELECT  FROM table1 ORDER BY id           foreachresult as row codepre  p...any pointers greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance.p  pstrongSaves in session variable now, thanksstrong but will not update query string p  precodesessionstart  if issetGET[srt]   SESSION[srt]  GET[srt]   srt  SESSION[srt] lttrgtltth width5gtlta hrefsrtidgtIDltagtltthgtltthgtIMGltthgtltthgtlta hrefsrtnamegtNAMEltagtltthgtltth width10gtlta hrefsrtmenugtCATltagtltthgt........   srtd  dbgtquerySELECT  FROM table1 ORDER BY srt   foreachsrtd as row idrow[id]  codepre  pBUT this method works   is the above code okp  precodesort columns  if srtnamesrtd  dbgtquerySELECT  FROM table1 ORDER BY name  elseifsrtidsrtd  dbgtquerySELECT  FROM table1 ORDER BY id  elseifsrtmenusrtd  dbgtquerySELECT  FROM table1 ORDER BY menu  elsesrtd  dbgtquerySELECT  FROM table1 ORDER BY id   codepre  pThanks for that Nick   The strange thing is that I used single quotes in this query and it works codedropdown  dbgtquerySELECT  FROM table2 WHERE menu  menucode but I will use back ticks from now onp
Negative 325 pI am doing some benchmarks with an optimized Java NIO selector on Linux over loopback 127.0.0.1.p  pMy test is very simplep  ul liOne program sends an UDP packet to another program that echoes it back to the sender and the round trip time is computed. The next packet is only sent when the previous one is acked when it returns. A proper warm up with a couple of millions messages is conducted before the benchmark is performed. The message has 13bytes not counting UDP headers.li ul  pFor the round trip time I get the following resultsp  ul liMin time 13 microsli liAvg time 19 microsli li75 percentile 18,567 nanosli li90 percentile 18,789 nanosli li99 percentile 19,184 nanosli li99.9 percentile 19,264 nanosli li99.99 percentile 19,310 nanosli li99.999 percentile 19,322 nanosli ul  pBut the catch here is that I am spinning 1 million messages.p  pIf I spin only 10 messages I get very different resultsp  ul liMin time 41 microsli liAvg time 160 microsli li75 percentile 150,701 nanosli li90 percentile 155,274 nanosli li99 percentile 159,995 nanosli li99.9 percentile 159,995 nanosli li99.99 percentile 159,995 nanosli li99.999 percentile 159,995 nanosli ul  pCorrect me if I am wrong, but I suspect that once we get the NIO selector spinning the response times become optimum. However if we are sending messages with a large enough interval between them, we pay the price of waking up the selector.p  pIf I play around with sending just a single message I get various times between 150 and 250 micros.p  pSo my questions for the community arep  p1  Is my minimum time of 13 micros with average of 19 micros optimum for this round trip packet test. It looks like I am beating a hrefhttpwww.zeromq.org relnofollowZeroMQa by far so I may be missing something here. From this benchmark it looks like ZeroMQ has a 49 micros avg time 99 percentile on a standard kernel  a hrefhttpwww.zeromq.orgresultsrttestsv031 relnofollowhttpwww.zeromq.orgresultsrttestsv031ap  p2  Is there anything I can do to improve the selector reaction time when I spin a single or very few messages 150 micros does not look good. Or should I assume that on a prod environment the selector will not be quitep  hr  pBy doing busy spinning around selectNow I am able to get better results. Sending few packets is still worse than sending many packets, but I think I am now hitting the selector performance limit. My resultsp  ul liSending a single packet I get a consistent 65 micros round trip time.li liSending two packets I get around 39 micros round trip time on average.li liSending 10 packets I get around 17 micros round trip time on average.li liSending 10,000 packets I get around 10,098 nanos round trip time on average.li liSending 1 million packets I get 9,977 nanos round trip time on average.li ul  pstrongConclusionsstrongp  ul lipSo it looks like the physical barrier for the UDP packet round trip is an average of 10 microseconds although I got some packets making the trip in 8 micros min time. pli lipWith busy spinning thanks Peter I was able to go from 200 micros on average to a consistent 65 micros on average for a single packet.pli lipNot sure why ZeroMQ is a hrefhttpwww.zeromq.orgresults3arttestsv031 relnofollow5 times slowera than that. strongEditstrong Maybe because I am testing this on the same machine through loopback and ZeroMQ is using two different machinespli ul
Negative 325 pMixing audio files is simple with SoX from the command line with sox m ... but Im trying to find to the exact same thing with the C library and I cant find out how to do it anywhere. Is it even possiblep
Negative 325 pI have a linear subspace codeS  [v1 v2 v3 v4]  [1 1 1 2]tcode where t is some scalar real number. p  pI want to do a transformation on S based on the following code[v1 v2 v3 v4]  [A 2AB 3C 10]codep  pWhat is the quickest way for me to define a new subspace codeT  [A B C]code that is a transformation of S with the aforementioned rulesp  pIn this example, the value of codeTcode is codeT  [A B C]  [1 0 13]t  [0 12 0]code. I get this by finding A, B, and C in terms of v1, v2, v3, and v4 in the transformation rules above. codeA  v1code and codeB  v22A  v22v1code and codeC  v33code. Then, I substitute in for the values I find for v1, v2, and v3 in S above. In this case, codeA  1tcode, and codeB  12v2v1  12code and codeC  13tcode.p  pI would like to determine this programmatically in Python. I cant really pursue the changeofbasis transformation a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiChangeofbasis relnofollowhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiChangeofbasisa because the transformation is not strictly linear. p  pHowever, I can guarantee that the transformation only will include scalars and the variables A, B, and C taken to the first power.p  pEdit I would prefer that the solution emnotem involve a symbolic math toolkit.p  pEdit2 Along with the simplest way to pursue this, I would also like a solution that can be practically extended to large arrays 1000s of components.p
Negative 325 pI am running the following code and giving me this error  codeFPDF error This document testcopy.pdf probably uses a compression technique which is not supported by the free parser shipped with FPDI.code I used another pdf named codetest.pdfcode and that works fine but it is giving me error in codetestcopy.pdf.code p  pI think this is parser problem. Anyone know any other parser that can be used with fpdf to avoid this errorp  pstrongMy codestrongp  precoderequirefpdf17fpdf.php  requirefpdf17fpdi.php   initiate FPDI  pdf  new FPDI  while obgetlevel obendclean headerContentEncoding None, true  set the sourcefile  pagecount  pdfgtsetSourceFiletestcopy.pdf codepre  pI want to split pdf in two pdfs and want to attach both pdfs in file attachments field.How to save pdf to server. Can it be possible with fpdfp
Negative 325 pI am recording the employees codedateofbirthcode, the codeyearemployedcode and the codecurrentDateTimecode the data is recorded the actual date and time the user clicks save, since the company is automating its records. br There is no codedatepickercode or codemonthcalendarcode control in DataWindow object which would have made it easier for the user to pick the dates. brpp  ol liWhat is the most efficient way as opposed to the user writing the codedatescode on a columnli liWhat is the code to enter the codecurrentDateTimecode in the DataWindow to the databaseli ol
Negative 325 pIm using restler to write a REST api, and since I want to do some basic authentication I need to redirect every request wich doesnt come from https, to https.p  pDoes anybody know a way of doing this using the .htaccess file provided by restler or is it better to do this redirection using php headersp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pSuppose a class is definedp  precodeclass TestClass      MemoryStream s  new MemorySteam      void DoStuff              using s  new MemoryStream                       Do stuff                codepre  pWhat happens to codescode when the using statement exits scopep  pEdit Will there be a problem using codescode in a different methodp  pEdit 2 Will there be an unreferenced object left undisposed from the first instantiation of MemoryStream p
Negative 325 pI want to open Settings from my apps alertView button action with following URL Scheme.p  precode[[UIApplication sharedApplication] openURL[NSURL URLWithStringprefsrootGeneral]]             [[UIApplication sharedApplication] openURL[NSURL URLWithStringprefsrootGeneralamppathNetwork]] codepre  pIts working fine for iOS 5.0 but not for 5.1 and above. p  pAny alternate way to implement thisp
Negative 325 pI am working on a multi segment download manager. I want to display the segmentation procedure. QGraphicsScene works fine but , unfortunately it slows the download. Is there any better option, other than using QProgressBars.   I am using QNetworkAccessManager to download files. If I connect the downloadProgress signal of QNetworkManager object to a slot of Main Gui Thread which draws on QGraphicsView, the download speed decreases even upto 10 times in some casesp  precode     a custom progress bar void DownloadshowGProgressint num, float prgrss                                 slot      prgrssprgrss100     xcoorduigtgraphicsView2gtwidth3prgrss                                   forfloat b0bltxcoordbb0.5              progress.addRect0,0,xcoord,ycoord         codepre
Negative 325 pI have added the reference Microsoft Scripting Runtime, and I have declared p  precodeusing Scripting codepre  pThen, I am trying to test it, I made a function p  precodeprivate void showmessagestring path  FileSystemObject fso label1.Text  fso.GetFileNamepath   codepre  pI am only testing if it works or not, but I got an error use of an unassigned local variablep  pSorry if its like silly, and please help me to solve this. God Bless You p
Negative 325 pThis is my automatic usb backupp  precodeECHO OFF CLS ECHO. ECHO Back Up USB YN ECHO.  Set P MSelect and press enter. IF MY GOTO yes IF MN GOTO EOF yes set p drive What drive mkdir DUsersUSERNAMEDesktopSTUFFBACKUP XCOPY drive DUsersUSERNAMEDesktopSTUFFBACKUP Y E codepre  pwhen it gets to the mkdir line it just quits what could be the problemp
Negative 325 panybody knows how to hide border in HTML using Form or Input tagp  pMy Code as belowp  precodeltform nametimerformgt     Your session will expired in     ltinput typetext nameclock size7 value500gt ltformgt codepre
Negative 325 pIn Flex, there are such things as HGroup and VGroup. They allow to align content horizontally and vertically with some prespecified gap between elements.p  pIs there something simular in Cappuccino I cannot find any information about layouts in Cappuccino anywhere except automatic layout, which is not what I need.p
Negative 325 pSorry if this is obvious, but I search Google, Stack Overflow, and the Ruby documentation and I couldnt find it.p  pHow would I go about making a higher precision decimal For example, in IRB,p  precodeirbmain0010gt 3.14159265358979323846 gt 3.141592653589793 codepre  pIt cuts off some of the decimal. How do I keep the whole decimalp
Negative 325 pI am writing an iOS 5.1.1 app for the iPad2 using Xcode 4.4.1. I want to be able to locate a local http server running on Java.p  pOnce I am able to connect to the http server, all I need to communicate with it is the url including the port.p  pstrongMy questionsstrongp  p1 Should I use Bonjour or a DNS Server running on the http server to discover the http server itselfp  p2 I need to authenticate the iPad2 user with name and password to work with the http server once I discover it.p  pI need some help understanding how I would go about accomplishing these two steps including source code if available for the iOS 5 and Xcode 4.4.1.p
Negative 325 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4338538javaxservletservletexceptionerrorparsingpagexhtmlthecontentofelemenjavax.servlet.ServletException Error Parsing page.xhtml The content of elements must consist of wellformed character data or markupa  p blockquote    pThis is a jsf 2.0 project.p  pThe xhtml filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 gt ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml       xmlnshhttpjava.sun.comjsfhtmlgt     lthheadgt         lttitlegtRinglttitlegt         lthoutputScript libraryjs namejquery1.8.1.min.js gt         lthoutputScript libraryjs nameprocessing1.4.1.js gt          ltscript typetextjavascriptgt             function                 var pjs  Processing.getInstanceByIdviz                 var json  TableMatchesBean.json                 var data  evaljson                 ifdata                       fori0 iltdata.segments.length i                          var segment  data.segments[i]                         pjs.addSegmentsegment.label, segment.count,segment.isMain                                                    end ready         ltscriptgt      lthheadgt     lthbodygt          ltcanvas id viz dataprocessingsourcescommon.pdegtltcanvasgt      lthbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pOn the first line of the for loop in the javascript,p  precodefori0 iltdata.segments.length i  codepre  pNetbeans raises this error Fatal Error Element type data.segments.length must be followed by either attribute specifications,  or .p  pThis error suggests that the lt is interpreted as some xhtml, not as js I think. Is it a mistake by Netbeans or is there really a confusion between js and xhtml herep
Negative 325 pMy site has items which can be published or unpublished. Unpublished items should not show up on the frontend but should appear in the backend I am not using the Django admin.p  pI have an ArticleIndex with a codegetquerysetcode method which returns codeArticle.published.allcode codepublishedcode is a custom manager which only deals with published articles.p  pHow should I implement a second index of all the items including unpublished for use in the admin interface This is mentioned in the release announcement of Haystack 2.0 see the a hrefhttphaystacksearch.org relnofollowhomepagea but the docs only describe a masterslave setup using two separate search engines, which seems like overkill for thisp
Negative 325 pimg srchttpi.imgur.com0MyyN.png altp  pHey guys, when I drag a codeUIProgressBarcode right to the middle of the codeUIToolbarcode interface builder just rejects it. Is it possible to place a progress bar on the toolbar It would be pretty convenient in my use case if I could find a workaround. Thanks.p
Negative 325 pTrying to set up some basic data IO scripts in python that read and write from a local sqlite db. Id like to use the command line to verify that my scripts work as expected, but they dont pick up on any of the databases or tables Im creating.p  pMy first script writes some data from a dict into the table, and the second script reads it and prints it.p  pWritep  pre first part of script creates a dict called totals  import sqlite3 as lite  con  lite.connecttest.db  with con     cur  con.cursor      cur.executeDROP TABLE IF EXISTS testtbl          cur.executeCREATE TABLE testtblDate TEXT PRIMARY KEY, Count INT, AverageServerTime REAL, TotalServerTime REAL, AverageClientTime REAL, TotalClientTime REAL     cur.executeINSERT INTO testtbl VALUES20120908, s, s, s, s, s  floattotals[count], floattotals[serverTimecount], floattotals[serverTime], floattotals[totalLoadTimecount], floattotals[totalLoadTime] pre  pReadp  pre import sqlite3 as lite  con  lite.connecttest.db  with con          cur  con.cursor         cur.executeSELECT  FROM testtbl      rows  cur.fetchall      for row in rows         print row pre  pThese scripts are separate and both work fine. However, if I navigate to the directory in the command line and activate sqlite3, nothing further works. Ive tried .databases, .tables, .schema commands and cant get it to respond to this particular db. I can create dbs within the command line and view them, but not the ones created by my script. How do I link these upp  pRunning stock Ubuntu 12.04, Python 2.7.3, SQLite 3.7.9. I also installed libsqlite3dev but that hasnt helped.p
Negative 325 pId like to download some files via sftp that are older than say 2 hours.  Then Id like to delete them from the network site.  I can use the following code for sftp but handling objects on the remote machine is giving me problems.  The code below fails at the timestamp  os.stat line  I believe it is an os module issuep  precodeimport paramiko, sys, os,time  host  ftp address port  22 transport  paramiko.Transporthost, port password  pass                   hardcoded username  user                   hardcoded transport.connectusername  username, password  password   sftp  paramiko.SFTPClient.fromtransporttransport print SFTP Client initiated  remotepath  remote folder localpath  local folder   for file in sftp.listdir.     fullpath    os.path.join.,file      timestamp   os.statfullpath.stctime  get timestamp of file     createtime  datetime.datetime.fromtimestamptimestamp     now  datetime.datetime.now     delta  now createtime     if delta.hours gt 2         sftp.getfile,localpath          sftp.removefile  sftp.close transport.close    codepre
Negative 325 pI would like to understand why dotasterisk fails to match an utf8 character in sed commandsp  pre  echo begin remove  end  sed sremove. begin  end pre  pexpected result should be codebegin codep  pIs it because  character U00E0  is represented in 3 bytesp
Negative 325 pany ideas how to include a crruntimeX64 and crruntimeX86 on a single visual studio installerp  pI can merge the project setup for the two platforms but when it comes to CR as a prerequisite it allows me only one path.p  pthank you for your helpp
Negative 325 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4633303forceclosewhentryingtoparsejsonwithasynctaskinthebackgroundForce close when trying to parse JSON with AsyncTask in the backgrounda  p blockquote    pI am trying to write a simple login application on android using MySQL database and storing user info in SQLite but am getting an explosion of errors. Can anyone point me in the right direction The the code never reaches Successfully logged in in codedoInBackgroundcode, I think.p  pThis is the main activityp  precodepublic class MainActivity extends Activity   JSONParser jsonParser  new JSONParser private ProgressDialog pDialog private static final String TAGSUCCESS  success   JSON Response node names  private static String KEYUID  uid private static String KEYFIRSTNAME  firstname private static String KEYLASTNAME  lastname private static String KEYUNAME  uname private static String KEYEMAIL  email Button bLogin EditText etUsername, etPassword TextView tvLError  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain       Login button     etUsername  EditText findViewByIdR.id.etUsername     etPassword  EditText findViewByIdR.id.etPassword     bLogin  Button findViewByIdR.id.bLogin      bLogin.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener           public void onClickView v               TODO Autogenerated method stub             new LoginTask.execute                class LoginTask extends AsyncTaskltString, String, Stringgt       Override     protected void onPreExecute          super.onPreExecute         pDialog  new ProgressDialogMainActivity.this         pDialog.setMessageLogging in...         pDialog.setIndeterminatefalse         pDialog.setCancelabletrue         pDialog.show           Override     protected String doInBackgroundString... args           TODO Autogenerated method stub         String uname  etUsername.getText.toString         String password  etPassword.getText.toString          UserFunctions userFunction  new UserFunctions         JSONObject json  userFunction.loginUseruname, password          Log.dCreate Response, json.toString          try              int success  json.getIntTAGSUCCESS             if success  1                   DATABASE HANDLER                  user successfully logged in                  Store user details in SQLite Database                 DatabaseHandler db  new DatabaseHandler                         getApplicationContext                 JSONObject jsonuser  json.getJSONObjectuser                   Clear all previous data in database                 userFunction.logoutUsergetApplicationContext                  db.addUserjsonuser.getStringKEYFIRSTNAME,                         jsonuser.getStringKEYLASTNAME,                         jsonuser.getStringKEYUNAME,                         jsonuser.getStringKEYEMAIL,                         jsonuser.getStringKEYUID                  tvLError.setTextSuccessfully logged in               else                  tvLError.setTextIncorrect usernamepassword                        catch JSONException e              e.printStackTrace                  return null           protected void onPostExecuteString fileurl           dismiss the dialog once done         pDialog.dismiss        codepre  pThe JSONParser class works properly, Log.d is showing the following JSON object p  precodeuid7,error0,user    emailabc123.com,lastnametest,unametest,firstnametest, success1,taglogin codepre  pDatabaseHandler class for SQLitep  precodepublic class DatabaseHandler extends SQLiteOpenHelper  private static final int DATABASEVERSION  1 private static final String DATABASENAME  androidapi private static final String TABLELOGIN  login private static final String KEYID  id private static final String KEYUNAME  uname private static final String KEYEMAIL  email private static final String KEYUID  uid private static final String KEYFIRSTNAME  firstname private static final String KEYLASTNAME  lastname  public DatabaseHandlerContext context      supercontext, DATABASENAME, null, DATABASEVERSION   Override public void onCreateSQLiteDatabase db       TODO Autogenerated method stub     String CREATELOGINTABLE  CREATE TABLE   TABLELOGIN                KEYID   INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,              KEYFIRSTNAME   TEXT,              KEYLASTNAME   TEXT,              KEYUNAME   TEXT,              KEYEMAIL   TEXT UNIQUE,              KEYUID   TEXT       db.execSQLCREATELOGINTABLE    public void addUserString firstname, String lastname, String uname, String email, String uid      SQLiteDatabase db  this.getWritableDatabase      ContentValues values  new ContentValues     values.putKEYFIRSTNAME, firstname  First name     values.putKEYLASTNAME, lastname  Last name     values.putKEYUNAME, uname  username     values.putKEYEMAIL, email  Email     values.putKEYUID, uid  User ID       Inserting Row     db.insertTABLELOGIN, null, values     db.close  Closing database connection  codepre  pand logoutUser in UserFunctions class just in case isp  precode   Function to logout user   Reset Database    public boolean logoutUserContext context     DatabaseHandler db  new DatabaseHandlercontext     db.resetTables     return true   codepre  pThe errors I am getting are p  precode0918 231557.457 IProcess807 Sending signal. PID 807 SIG 9 0918 232653.307 ETrace851 error opening trace file No such file or directory 2 0918 232653.717 IChoreographer851 Skipped 32 frames  The application may be doing too much work on its main thread. 0918 232653.787 Dgrallocgoldfish851 Emulator without GPU emulation detected. 0918 232656.149 IChoreographer851 Skipped 32 frames  The application may be doing too much work on its main thread. 0918 232704.397 IChoreographer851 Skipped 60 frames  The application may be doing too much work on its main thread. 0918 232705.138 DCreate Response851 uid7,error0,useremailabc123.com,lastnametest,unametest,firstnametest,success1,taglogin 0918 232705.437 IChoreographer851 Skipped 65 frames  The application may be doing too much work on its main thread. 0918 232705.477 Ddalvikvm851 GCCONCURRENT freed 175K, 3 free 8227K8455K, paused 72ms95ms, total 246ms 0918 232705.888 Wdalvikvm851 threadid11 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x40a13300 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851 FATAL EXCEPTION AsyncTask 1 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851 java.lang.RuntimeException An error occured while executing doInBackground 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.os.AsyncTask3.doneAsyncTask.java299 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerSetExceptionFutureTask.java273 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.setExceptionFutureTask.java124 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerRunFutureTask.java307 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runFutureTask.java137 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.os.AsyncTaskSerialExecutor1.runAsyncTask.java230 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1076 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java569 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java856 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851 Caused by android.view.ViewRootImplCalledFromWrongThreadException Only the original thread that created a view hierarchy can touch its views. 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.view.ViewRootImpl.checkThreadViewRootImpl.java4607 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.view.ViewRootImpl.requestLayoutViewRootImpl.java835 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java15129 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java15129 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java15129 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java15129 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.view.View.requestLayoutView.java15129 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.widget.TextView.checkForRelayoutTextView.java6309 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.widget.TextView.setTextTextView.java3547 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.widget.TextView.setTextTextView.java3405 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.widget.TextView.setTextTextView.java3380 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at com.example.testapp1.MainActivityLoginTask.doInBackgroundMainActivity.java148 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at com.example.testapp1.MainActivityLoginTask.doInBackgroundMainActivity.java1 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at android.os.AsyncTask2.callAsyncTask.java287 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerRunFutureTask.java305 0918 232705.987 EAndroidRuntime851  ... 5 more 0918 232706.308 IChoreographer851 Skipped 44 frames  The application may be doing too much work on its main thread. 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851 Activity com.example.testapp1.MainActivity has leaked window com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindowDecorView41219ee8 that was originally added here 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851 android.view.WindowLeaked Activity com.example.testapp1.MainActivity has leaked window com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindowDecorView41219ee8 that was originally added here 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.view.ViewRootImpl.ltinitgtViewRootImpl.java374 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.view.WindowManagerImpl.addViewWindowManagerImpl.java292 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.view.WindowManagerImpl.addViewWindowManagerImpl.java224 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.view.WindowManagerImplCompatModeWrapper.addViewWindowManagerImpl.java149 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.view.WindowLocalWindowManager.addViewWindow.java547 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.app.Dialog.showDialog.java277 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at com.example.testapp1.MainActivityLoginTask.onPreExecuteMainActivity.java115 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.os.AsyncTask.executeOnExecutorAsyncTask.java586 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.os.AsyncTask.executeAsyncTask.java534 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at com.example.testapp1.MainActivity1.onClickMainActivity.java59 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.view.View.performClickView.java4084 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java16966 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java615 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4745 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java786 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java553 0918 232707.747 EWindowManager851   at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pThank you for your timep
Negative 325 pIt took me for the whole day to figure out this problem. I am working on a webapp using Phonegap  HTML  jQuery  CSS.  It consists of one screen, which displays user signatures. I used the same .js file which is used in iPhone and in that the signature image is appearing without any problem, but the same code is not working on Android I tried using Android 2.2.1, 2.3.3, 3.0 and 4.0 But nothing works. Following is the code snippet from my .js file p  precodeSignatureButtonThumbComponent.prototype.setInitialValue  function          var date, value        value  this.record.valueForFieldthis.config.key        value  window.btoathis.record.valueForFieldthis.config.key  Not Working        console.logSignature Value     value        console.logSignature Date value    date        date  this.record.valueForFieldthis.config.keydate        if value  undefined            this.el.appendltbutton classcapturedsignaturebuttongtltimg src  value  gtltbuttongt         if date               return this.el.appendltdiv classsignaturedategt  Formatter.timeFormattedNicelydate  ltdivgt                                       else                      return this.el.appendltbutton classbig blue arrowbutton idgetpatientsignaturegtltspangt  this.config.buttonlabel  ltspangtltspan classicons arrowrightgtltspangtltbuttongt                               codepre  pstrongEDITstrong Following is my logcat output p  precode0921 120119.562 DPhoneGapLog1362 Signature Date value  undefined 0921 120119.672 DPhoneGapLog1362 Signature Value   undefined codepre  pAfter Figuring little more, What Now I am getting in logcat is this  code0921 163327.947 DPhoneGapLog948 fileandroidassetwwwnewmobile.js Line 15790  Signature Value   data, codep
Negative 325 pI have a variable in my xslt that looks like this.p  precodeltxslvariable namemetadatagt     ltMetadatagt         ltxslapplytemplates select... gt     ltMetadatagt ltxslvariablegt codepre  pAfterwards, Im trying to add the metadata xml as an xslattribute to another node. I tried valueof, copyof and it didnt work. When using copyof, I got the error below.p  precodeltOtherNodegt     ltxslattribute namesomeAttrgt         lt I tried these and neither worked gt         ltxslvalueof selectmetadata gt lt Empty gt         ltxslcopyof  selectmetadata gt lt Error gt     ltxslattributegt ltOtherNodegt codepre  pAn item of type Element cannot be constructed within a node of type Attribute.p  pThats fairly straight forward, but for some reason, I thought it would automatically escape the element.p  pIm using xslt 1.0 by the way.p  pAny ideasp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIs there a way to look inside an array and pull out the keys that have keys with matching values Questions like this have been asked, but Im not finding anything conclusive.p  pSo if my array looks like thisp  precodeArray      [0] gt Array                      [title] gt Title 1             [type] gt              [message] gt                [1] gt Array                      [title] gt Title 2             [type] gt              [message] gt                [2] gt Array                      [title] gt Title 3             [type] gt              [message] gt                [3] gt Array                      [title] gt Title 2             [type] gt Limited             [message] gt 39               [4] gt Array                      [title] gt Title 4             [type] gt Offline             [message] gt 41               [5] gt Array                      [title] gt Title 5             [type] gt              [message] gt   codepre  pAnd I want to get thisp  precodeArray      [1] gt Array                      [title] gt Title 2             [type] gt              [message] gt                 [3] gt Array                      [title] gt Title 2             [type] gt Limited             [message] gt 39           codepre
Negative 325 pI have a form that writes data to a MySQL database. I want the user to be able to download their data in codeCSVcode format after final submission.p  pMy code is currently dumping the contents of the database into the browser, i.e. it is being written to the page, rather than to a csv file. I would like to send them to a link and be given the option to download a file.p  pHere is my current codep  precodedbo  new PDOmysqlhostlocalhostdbnamedb1, username, password sql  SELECT  FROM table1 qry  dbogtpreparesql   Execute the statement qrygtexecute vardumpqrygtfetchPDOFETCHASSOC data  fopentmpdbuserexport.time..csv, w while row  qrygtfetchPDOFETCHASSOC      echo Success      Export every row to a file     fputcsvdata, row  codepre  pThe current result is a page with a dump of all the data from the table. No file is being created in the location desired. Where am I going wrongp
Negative 325 pHello people I am actually a newbie in jquery and javascript, I am learning a lot though. I am actually trying to copy facebooks tagging of users in a wall post when  is input on the text area. To be more specific I have a text area when the user inputs  it will activate an ajax function that I have. I was already able to do the listing of users, what I  only need now is the jquery code to activate the ajax function when user inputs an  in the text area. All your helps I will apreciate Dp  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt lttitlegtFB TAGlttitlegt ltstylegt .namesearch      cursor pointer  ltstylegt ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquerylatest.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt   function putinlivesearchfname, lname    searchbar.valsearchbar.valfname     lname      function showResultstr  if str.length0      document.getElementByIdlivesearch.innerHTML   document.getElementByIdlivesearch.style.border0px   return     if window.XMLHttpRequest    code for IE7, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari   xmlhttpnew XMLHttpRequest    else    code for IE6, IE5   xmlhttpnew ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP    xmlhttp.onreadystatechangefunction      if xmlhttp.readyState4 ampamp xmlhttp.status200          document.getElementByIdlivesearch.innerHTMLxmlhttp.responseText     document.getElementByIdlivesearch.style.border1px solid A5ACB2           xmlhttp.openGET,getuser.phpqstr,true xmlhttp.send  ltscriptgt ltheadgt  ltbodygt ltformgt   lttextarea id searchbar namewallpost typetext rows3 cols80  gtlttextareagt   ltdiv idlivesearchgtltdivgt ltformgt  ltbodygt codepre  pp
Negative 325 pIm having some problems in Windows 8 Metro apps XAML amp C regarding the users regional settings. It seems that the strongapps wont respect users regional settingsstrong, so even if your Windows 8 is set to display dates and times in Finnish format, the apps will still display them using USformatting. But this is such a big problem that there must be something Im missingp  pTo test this I started by creating a strongWPFapplicationstrong. The application just prints out the CurrentCulture and the formatted DateTime.Nowp  precode    private void CultureLoaded1object sender, RoutedEventArgs e              this.Culture.Text  System.Globalization.CultureInfo.CurrentCulture.DisplayName           private void DateLoaded1object sender, RoutedEventArgs e              this.Date.Text  DateTime.Now.ToString      codepre  pHeres my default regional settings img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQUUeY.png altRegional settingsp  pWhen run, the app displayed the date in Finnish formatp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comK3bYU.png altFinnish formattingp  pThen I changed the regional settings to US img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comonfwM.png altUS Regional settingsp  pAnd when the app was run again, the culture and formatting changed img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAKVff.png altUS wpf formattingp  pThis is strongas I expectedstrong everything to work and this is also how I expected WinRT apps to work.p  pSo as a next step, I created a WinRT XAML amp C app with the same code and reverted the regional settings back to Finnish. The problemp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com2rgog.png altWinrt formattingp  pEven when Ive defined through regional settings that the formatting should be Finnish, the WinRT app displays the datetime with USformatting. I then modified the apps project file and made strongfiFI the default languagestrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPPjio.png altDefault languagep  pThis change also modified the apps culturep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZmKMh.png altFinnish winrt formattingp  pStrange. I changed the Default Language back to its default value and the formatting was restored to US. I then created folders Strings  fiFI inside the project and added an strongempty Resources.resw to the projectstrong. This empty file seems to be enough, as I was now getting the Finnish formattingp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comW6KcE.png altResource file img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCSAVw.png altFinnish formattingp  pAs soon as I remove the empty resource file, the formattings reverts back to USp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGRjyR.png altResource file removed img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsQasl.png altUS formatting winrtp  pVery strange. p  pThis leads to few questions, but the main one I think is Is it intentional that the WinRTapps dont follow the users regional settings like the WPF apps dop
Negative 325 pI wonder if anybody know a solution to achieve this.  Basically, I need to build a website like p  p1 www.domain1.comsubApp1 goes to one database and one appsettings. 2 www.domain1.comsubApp2 goes to one database and one appsettings.p  pIn Webform application   I point the main domain www.domain1.com to a folder landing with a web.config which contains p  precode    ltlocation pathsubApp1gt     ltconnectionStringsgt       ltcleargt       ltadd nameSchemaConnection connectionStringdata sourcedevinitial catalogSchemauser idsapasswordpassword providerNameSystem.Data.SqlClient gt     ltconnectionStringsgt     ltappSettingsgt       ltadd keybrandName valuesubApp1gt       ltadd keyImageLocation valueuploadedsubApp1gt     ltappSettingsgt    ltlocationgt   ltlocation pathsubApp2gt     ltconnectionStringsgt       ltcleargt       ltadd nameSchemaConnection connectionStringdata sourcedevinitial catalogSchema2user idsapasswordpassword providerNameSystem.Data.SqlClient gt     ltconnectionStringsgt     ltappSettingsgt       ltadd keybrandName valuesubApp2gt       ltadd keyImageLocation valueuploadedsubApp2gt     ltappSettingsgt   ltlocationgt codepre  pThat works fine.  But in MVC, It aint working. I hope there is a way to do in MVC to achieve this. Please advice if anyone know.p
Negative 325 pIm using Bing Search API to get web results. I get the top 2 documents, and the JSON is shown below.p  precoded results [metadata     urihttpsapi.datamarket.azure.comData.ashxBingSearchWebv1WebQueryu0027billu0027gatesu0027ampskip0amptop1,typeWebResult,     ID9bd0942ffe5b44fc8343ef85e5b93a7e,     TitleThe Official Site of Bill Gates  The Gates Notes,     DescriptionIn the space between business and goverment, even a small investment can make a big impact on the lives of those in need.,     DisplayUrlwww.thegatesnotes.com,     Urlhttpwww.thegatesnotes.com,  metadata     urihttpsapi.datamarket.azure.comData.ashxBingSearchWebv1WebQueryu0027billu0027gatesu0027ampskip1amptop1,typeWebResult,     IDfdf0d3b9b29f43efb5ba6bb4b1b04458,     TitleBill Gates  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia,     DescriptionWilliam Henry Bill Gates III born October 28, 1955 is an American business magnate and philanthropist. Gates is the former chief executive and current chairman of ...,     DisplayUrlen.wikipedia.orgwikiBillGates,     Urlhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiBillGates,  ], nexthttpsapi.datamarket.azure.comData.ashxBingSearchWebv1WebQueryu0027billu0027gatesu0027ampskip10amptop10   codepre  pHow could I use Gson to parse it to Javap
Negative 325 pHow do we find the selected option of a Dropdown in Selenium Webdriverp  pI tried p  precodeWebElement element  driver.findElementBy.xpathlocator1 Select select  new Selectelement ListltWebElementgt SO  select.getAllSelectedOptions String S  SO.toString System.out.printlnS codepre  pwhich returns WebElements like  p  precode[[[[[FirefoxDriver firefox on XP c388e8a809d541b9b0860278c639d8b1] gt xpath .[idcity]]] gt tag name option]] codepre  pI want to find the option that is selectedp
Negative 325 pI need to enumerate types in a certain namespace which physically lies in a Silverlight dll. But I have to do it on a server asp.net app.p  pI have xap file, I can read it with zip and get the dll I need.p  pHowever I want not to load that assembly in memory I think it might not get loaded as it is Silverlight app also as long as I remember loaded assembly cannot be unloaded dont want to junk server memory just to get few strings.p  pAny ideasp  pstrongEDITstrong  ReflectionOnlyLoad does not work for Silverlight assembly.. Any other ideasp
Negative 325 pMy goal is to get data about PC. Get HDD and all partitions in it listed and stored in XML. And this is for all HDDs connected to PC. I knwo how create XML, but cant reach partitions and HDDs association. I tried several tutorials, but no good. Can someone show how to get information from Win32DiskDriveToDiskPartition classp
Negative 325 pI want to submit a form without refreshing the page, and I have this formp  precodeltform methodpost actionuseradd.php iduseraddformgt ltinput typetext idusername nameusername maxlength15gt ltbutton typesubmit nameadduser classbtn btnprimary iduseraddsubmitgtAdd userltbuttongt ltformgt codepre  pand this jquery function  using jquery validation plugin p  precodesubmitHandler function       useraddsubmit.buttonloading      var post  useraddform.serialize     var action  useraddform.attraction      message.slideUp350, function            message.hide          .postaction, post, function data               message.htmldata             message.slideDownslow              if data.matchsuccess  null                  useraddform input.val                 useraddsubmit.buttonreset              else                  useraddsubmit.buttonreset                             codepre  pBut my question is what useradd.php should look like for the script to workp
Negative 325 pI am trying to call jar file methods in my jsp, but it doesnt call the methods. I have put the jar file into codeWEBINFlibcode folder and build the path. I also imported this propperly in my jsp. p  pHere my code for importingp  precodelt page languagejava gt lt page importjava.util. gt lt page importcom.esign.genericlog. gt codepre  pGenericlog contains the class codeGenericLogcode, and in it the method which I am trying to call.p  pHere my code for calling the methodp  precodelt     GenericLog gl  new GenericLog     String uname  request.getParameteruname     String pass  request.getParameterpassword       gl.writeuname     gl.writepass     gl.writeInfouname gt codepre
Negative 325 pi have a problem with ajax chat, i just installed it and did the changes to the config.php file, by filling in the names of the host, database, username etc. when i go the index.php file on my browser, all i get is This page contains the following errorsp  perror on line 2 at column 1 Extra content at the end of the document Below is a rendering of the page up to the first error.p  pand then after the message, nothing is displayed, the rest of the page is blank. this looks like an error message made by the developer of the script, because i opened the index.php file and came acrossp  precode Show all errors errorreportingEALL codepre  phas anyone out there come across a similar problem, how did you fix it like step by step, ive checked the web but there seems to be no legitimate answer. i kindly ask for assistance from anyone who can help me to fix this error, and maybe tell me why it showed up, thanks in advance. here is the url http   sourceforge . net  projects  ajax  chat  of where to find itremove extra spaces and brackets, incase someone may be unfamiliar with it, the readme file gives a step by step guide on how to install it. thanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pIm trying to find the solution but still cant find and I have to ask this.codeoddcode or codeevencode class not working with loaded content by AJAXp  pHTML  p  precodelttable idproductsgtlttablegt codepre  pJquery  p  precodefunction  producttable trodd.addClassodd  codepre  pEverythings normal if I add rows into table manually.But when I load rows with jquery, codeoddcode class dont work.p
Negative 325 pIs there a way to enforce singleton in a class hierarchy  I dont have a use case for this, I am just curious if its possible p  pHierarchy in the sense, all classes inheriting from this class would also be singletons.p
Negative 325 ptxt file that contains several columns of numbers, every column is saved in a double array, what I want to do  is get the average of a specific column, but to do that I have to convert the array to a list and then began to calculate. I have this code so farp  precode  Listltdoublegt 1  new ListltdoublegtNumSepaERG   Listltdoublegt 12  NumSepaERG.ToList codepre  pBut i get and error of Invalid Expression term doublep
Negative 325 pI have a system which consists of multiple threads, lets say process A, B and C and these processes are completely written in SDL which eventually gets converted to C language after compilation.p  pI also have an equivalent simulation environment with the same processes, which would run on only one thread but simulate each of these processes. Basically, each of the processes A, B and C get recompiled with a different set of options and somehow everything works as one process typical of IBMSDL simulation. This theoretically represents a lightweighted system of the real process and everything works as one process. Now in this simulation environment, There are three files lets that get generated, lets say  A.c B.c and C.c.  Obviously in this simulation, there is no room for preemption of a process. If a message X comes to process A, A would completely process this signal and then go to the next state transition and ONLY then the next process would be running when next signal comes in to the system.p  pI am trying to implement preemption in this simulation system without threads. As it turns out, in simulation each of these files can be edited via some script and I know the exact possible preemption points during the course of execution of a particular set of signals one after another.p  pMy question is  If I insert conditional goto  break statements after lets assume every line in each A.c, B.c and C.c and jump from one file to another during the code execution, have I  implement a simulated threaded environment p  pOr Am I missing something here p  pI know its a very broad question and my OS knowledge is not great. Also, I know that there can be many conditions possible for such a scenario to work. But lets assume I find a way to fix those problems.  My question boils down to this  If smart goto can be equivalently used as a substitute for Multiple threads in single threaded environment  Timing is not a problem for me, as I am working with a simulated time. System load etc, dont matter. I was thinking of adding a control function call after every step in each of these files A.c, B.c and C.c and in this control function I can check if i want to return, or jump to some other place and continue to execute from another file. What kind of implementation difficulties would I face in such an approach p
Negative 325 pFor an android app , Im having header and footer same for each an every activity which includes home and exit buttons etc. ,Of course I dont want to create it again and again and rewrite the code for it. so for reusability and performance I wanted to ask which one is better choice and why. 1.Fragments 2,ViewStub or anyother method. and my target device is android 2.3 and I know fragment is not directly available for this so I added android dependencies. p
Negative 325 pDoes anyone know a SQL query that will purge a MediaWiki database of old revisions My database has grown out of control, and I need to prune it to make it possible to download and manage.p  pI dont have shell access so, I need to do this with a SQL query.p  pI have tried the solution suggested here, but it doesnt work a hrefhttpwww.mediawiki.orgwikiExtensiontalkSpecialDeleteOldRevisions2Deletingonlyarchivedrevisions relnofollowhttpwww.mediawiki.orgwikiExtensiontalkSpecialDeleteOldRevisions2Deletingonlyarchivedrevisionsap  pThanks for reading p  pNicholasp
Negative 325 pAs an example, suppose a QR Code data stream contains 55 data words each one byte in length and 15 error correction words again one byte.  The data stream begins with a 12 bit header and ends with four 0 bits.  So, 12  4 bits of headerfooter and 15 bytes of error correction, leaves me 53 bytes to hold 53 alphanumeric characters. The 53 bytes of data and 15 bytes of ec are supplied in a string of length 68 str68.  The problem seems simple enough  concatenate 2 bytes of rightshifted header data with str68 and then left shift the entire 70 bytes by 4 bits.p  pThis is the first time in many years of programming that I have ever needed to do something like this, I am a c and bit shifting noob, so please be gentle...  I have done a little investigation and so far have not been able to figure out how to bitshift 70 bytes of data any help would be greatly appreciated.p  pLarger QR codes can hold 2000 bytes of data...  p
Negative 325 pa c application which I worked on in the past went through a couple of namespace changes and assembly name changes.p  pAs a result of this my applications config file that is generated when I build is full of older stuff that is of no use to me anymore.p  pIve tried deleting these sections. I tried deleting the whole config file and forcing VS to build me a new one but it keeps building me a copy from a LONG time back.p  pHow can I force my application to give me a new config file whenever I want top  pedit question was unclear. Ill try to add more.p  pLets say for example that my application was called mytools. I then changed the assembly and namespace settings for the program and now it is called mytoolsPLUS. When I build my application and view the mytoolsPLUS.exe.config file I see in the codeltconfigsectionsgtcode node I have two codeltsectiongroupgtcode nodes, usersettings and applicationsettings. Within the usersettings codeltsectiongroupgtcode node I have an entry for codeltsection namemytools.properties.settings typesys.config.clientsettingssection....gtcode but I also have an entry for codeltsection namemytoolsPLUS.properties.settings typesys.config.clientsettingssection...gtcodep  pThis same sort of duplication occurs under my codeltconnectionstringsgtcode node and thus is the main reason I am posting this thread today. One of my end users got confused as to which connection string they needed to adjust to point to a backup test server. I looked into it more and found that I have lots of old fragments left over in my config file. I like using the settings class over a full xml file for small apps like this so I would like to figure out what I have done wrong here. I hope my explanation is clear enough for those who are reading.p  pThanks for reading my postp
Negative 325 pIm having a problem with the command send in expect script. Ive never used the expect before, so there are so many peculiarity about it that I dont know, mainly about syntax.p  pActually it catches the cpu usage btw.p  blockquote   ptop n 10 d 0.01  awk BEGINFS[,] printf  Cpu   gsub[09.,],,7 gsub3949,,7 printf 7     ENDprint 0  10  bcp blockquote  pWhat I would like to do is with expect, using the command send. I want pass that string by the script.p  pIm trying on this wayp  precodebinexpect set timeout 20 set user [lindex argv 0] set password [lindex argv 1] set host [lindex argv 2] set prompt      proc gestat                     send  echo n MEMORYFREE  ampamp free t  grep bufferscache  awk print 434  100r         send  top n 10 d 0.01  awk BEGINFS[,] printf  Cpu gsub[09.,],,7 gsub3949,,7 printf 7   ENDprint 0  10  bcr          return     spawn ssh userhost  while 1          expect                  yesno                           send  yesr                                   password                           send  passwordr                                   prompt                          gestat                         break                             expect prompt         send  exitr  expect eof codepre  pBut the send does not work. The error isp  blockquote   pinvalid command name ,       while executing ,       procedure gestat line 4p blockquote  pI guess it would be because the expect parser. But I really dont know. Sorry for my poor english.p
Negative 325 pI have a list of nodes. Under each node I have opened up commenting. Normal users can comment, special users can respond to the comments.p  pI want a normal user to see only their comments when viewing such a node AND the responses by the special roles.p  pI have been experimenting with views but using either a filter or contextual argument of current useruid only shows the comments by the user, leaving out the responses by admineditors, etc p  pAppreciate any pointers.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI am extending a combo box which does selection on mousedown event, but I want the selection on doubleclick. How can I achieve thisp
Negative 325 pI modified the stronglist.htmlstrong example here a hrefhttpsgithub.comtbranyenbackbone.layoutmanagerblobmasterexampleslist.html relnofollowhttpsgithub.comtbranyenbackbone.layoutmanagerblobmasterexampleslist.htmla a bitp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netqhocnQJz6 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netqhocnQJz6ap  pIf you look into Firebug, you can see there is an extra codedivcode between codeolcode and codelicode. p  pI know I can get rid of it by moving codelicode out the template and use codetagName licode in codeItemscode view. But that means I have to change my code in places. Also I prefer to keep the codelicode in the template for strongdesign process consistencystrong.p  pstrongHow to get rid of this codedivcode without modifying the templatestrongp
Negative 325 pIs it possible to define a background image and a background gradient on two different classes for the same elementp  precodeinput[typepassword]      backgroundimage urlimagesiconsglyphicons203lock.png     backgroundsize 17px auto     backgroundposition 9px 5px    .err input[name]      background mozlineargradienttop,  ffdddd 0, ffeeee 100  codepre  pWhat happens is the icon is missing when there is an error.p  pIm using less if that helps at all, what I want to avoid is having to define each icon on each .err element individually, this would be a lot of repeat code.p
Negative 325 pI updated my app to support iOS 6 in late September. I was able to archive and upload to the store without an issue. Now, I am unable to validate my archive file and instead receive an error iPadiPod Touch application contains unsupported architectures  armv7s 19031. I have not changed any code and I have not changed any of the frameworks used in the project. Specifically, I am using the following frameworks  SystemConfiguration, Foundation, UIKit, CoreGraphics and AVFoundation. The advice I have seen in other posts on StackOverflow is to remove armv7s support until all frameworks have updated to include armv7s support. However, I cant imagine these common frameworks do not support the new architecture. The two changes I have made since my last update are 1 upgrading to OS X 10.7.5 and 2 upgrading to Xcode 4.5.1. Has anyone else seen similar issuesp
Negative 325 pOkay so I am slowly figuring this out. Just one more issue I am having. I am using a string and saying that if the string is equal to the cell text to put a checkmark on it when it loads the tableView. p  pHere is my code for thatp  precode UITableViewCell tableViewUITableView tableView cellForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath   static NSString CellIdentifier  Cell cell  [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierCellIdentifier]  if [cell.textLabel.text isEqualToStringtransferData]       cell.accessoryType  UITableViewCellAccessoryCheckmark   codepre  pI am then telling it to remove that checkmark and add the checkmarks accordingly when being selectedp  precode voidtableViewUITableView tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath   cell.accessoryType  UITableViewCellAccessoryNone    UITableViewCell      cellCheck  [tableView                               cellForRowAtIndexPathindexPath]  cellCheck.accessoryType  UITableViewCellAccessoryCheckmark    transferData  cellCheck.textLabel.text   NSLog, transferData     voidtableViewUITableView tableView didDeselectRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath   UITableViewCell uncheckCell  [tableView                                 cellForRowAtIndexPathindexPath] uncheckCell.accessoryType  UITableViewCellAccessoryNone   codepre  pEverything works fine, except when it first loads. For some reason when I select on another cell, the checkmark that is originally loaded with the tableView wont go away. Why is thisp
Negative 325 pI have an entire set of data i want to insert into a table.  I am trying to have it insertupdate everything OR rollback.  I was going to do it in a transaction, but i wasnt sure if the emsqlexecem command did the same thing.p  pMy goal was to iterate through the list. Select from each iteration based on the Primary Key.p  precodeIf result was found   append update to string else   append insert to string codepre  pThen after iterating through the loop, i would have a giant string and sayp  pemsqlexecstring sqlclosedbemp  pIs that how i should do it  I was going to do it on each iteration of the loop, but i didnt think a global rollback if there was an error.p
Negative 325 precodeinclude ltiostreamgt int foo    return 0   int main    const intamp a  foo   stdcout ltlt ampa ltlt stdendl  codepre  pIn this code, codeacode binds to a rvalue. Is it legal to take its address And by legal I mean in the code illformed Am I causing an undefined behaviourp
Negative 325 pstrongHello all, i have a theoretical question.strongp  pWith flash you can dynamically load flashvars to a video or audio flashobject. But  I would already have a flash video which loads the flashvars like that. But i want to create html5 code either audiovideo around it. Can i use the flash vars outside of the elementflash objectp  pLike loading the flash source mp3 also to the HTML5 audio element, which surrounds the flash elementp  pstrongTo make it more visualstrongp  ul liHTML5 Page.li ul  pContains a flash object, nested within a HTML5 audiovideo element.p  ul liC page.li ul  pDynamically loads the flashvars amp params to the flash object. For example mp3source.p  pstrongProblemstrong Can i also load the mp3source flashvarparam to the HTML5 videoaudio in some wayp  pTo load the vars i would use htmlgenericcontrols. If someone has an idea about howif i could create something like this... Please share it  p  pstrongThanks for the answersstrongp  pstrongPS Some Codestrong Not working, just to give you a cluep  pC Paramp  precodevar mp3param  new HtmlGenericControlparam mp3param.Attributes.Addname, thevars var thevars mp3  src codepre  pHTML Outputp  precodeltaudio idhtmlaudio controlsgt     ltsource srcthisshouldbetheflashmp3source typeaudiompeggt     ltobject typeapplicationxshockwaveflash dataaudioplayer.swf widthxx heightxx idflashaudio stylevisibility visiblegt     ltparam namethevars valuemp3Theflashmp3sourcethatdoesworkbutshouldalsobeusedinhtmlaudiogt ltobjectgt ltaudiogt codepre
Negative 325 pI am attempting to add a custom codefancyNumbercode parser to tablesorter via a hrefhttplab.christianmontoya.comjquerytablesortnumberscommas relnofollowhere.a However when I add the code to my page as followsp  precodejQuerydocument.ready function   jQuery.tablesorter.addParser   id fancyNumber,   is functions      return [09][09,.].tests   ,   format functions      return jQuery.tablesorter.formatFloat s.replace,g,    ,   type numeric      codepre  pI then set my table headers as followsp  precodeltth classsorter fancyNumbergtltstronggtCallsltstronggtltthgt  codepre  pI have to escape the single quotes as my table headers are wrapped up in a JavaScript variable.p  pHowever this does not work and my numbers with commas are still being sorted incorrectlyp  precodeCalls 783  660 642,826  613  603,321 codepre
Negative 325 pIve done some research on this topic already, but I dont seem to be able to figure it out.p  pI have followed the a hrefhttpguides.rubyonrails.orgi18n.html relnofollowofficial guidea to set up I18n, but I just dont get the default locale to be set properly when no explicit locale is specified.p  precode routes.rb require sidekiqweb  IqApplication.routes.draw do   scope locale, locale deen do      ...   end end   applicationcontroller.rb class ApplicationController lt ActionControllerBase   beforefilter setlanguage    def setlanguage     I18n.locale  params[locale]  I18n.defaultlocale   end    def defaulturloptionsoptions       options.merge locale gt I18n.locale    end end codepre  pIn the OS X consolep  precode rake routes  grep user ... user GET      localeusersid.format   usersshow localegtdeen ... codepre  pIn the Rails consolep  precode Rails c  app.userspath gt users app.userspath locale de gt deusers  app.userpath User.first, locale de gt deusers509fc01d77bb1e6a050000a0  app.userpath User.first ActionControllerRoutingError No route matches actiongtshow, controllergtusers, localegtltUser id 509fc01d77bb1e6a050000a0, type nil, createdat 20121111 151125 UTC, updatedat 20121111 151125 UTC, deletedat nil, group administrator, language de, active true, signincount 0, name sysadmin, email supportsientia.ch, encryptedpassword 2a10nb7sTmUjEMoZIjvq2jPuaNQqo1R1zbAIPpko9HT9PERagXclrPK, resetpasswordtoken nil, currentsigninip nil, lastsigninip nil, confirmationtoken nil, unconfirmedemail nil, resetpasswordsentat nil, remembercreatedat nil, confirmedat 20121111 151125 UTC, confirmationsentat nil, currentsigninat nil, lastsigninat nil, saveverticalmenuvisibilitystate nil, contactid 509fc01d77bb1e6a0500008c, contactname Sientia AGgt from Usersjosh.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p0gemsactionpack3.2.8libactiondispatchroutingrouteset.rb532in raiseroutingerror codepre  pWhy doesnt this work What did I forgetp  pThanks a lot for help, Joshp
Negative 325 pI have two methods in a controller codePagecode and codeLoadcode. codePagecode returns codeviewcode but codeLoadcode returns codeJsonResultcode. I also have a view with codejqueryfunctionscode where I call my methods. p  pThey execute in order but I want to call them asynchronously. How do I do thatp  precodefunction LoadPagepage, isnext      focus.blur     loadingBlockElement.show      .ajax         type GET,         url  Html.RawUrl.Actionpage, new  formId  Model.Params.FormId, userId  Model.Params.UserId, baseVersion  Model.Params.BaseVersion, stateName  Model.Params.StateName, stateVersion  Model.Params.StateVersion, stateFormId  Model.Params.StateFormId, baseFormId  Model.Params.BaseFormId amppagepageampisnextisnext,                   success function result                   body.find.uidialog.finddiv.remove                     body.find.uidialog.remove                   WE  null             main.htmlresult             form.hide                 function Load              .ajax         type POST,         url Url.ActionloaduserIdModel.Params.UserIdampformIdModel.Params.FormIdampbaseVersionModel.Params.BaseVersionampstateFormIdModel.Params.StateFormIdampbaseFormIdModel.Params.BaseFormIdampstateNameModel.Params.StateNameampstateVersionModel.Params.StateVersionamppageformfirst.attrID,         success function result ..blablabla codepre  pstrongControllerstrongp  pstrongLoadstrongp  precodepublic JsonResult Loadint formId, int baseVersion, string stateName, int stateVersion, string page, string userId, int stateFormId, int baseFormId       ...  codepre  pstrongPagestrongp  precodepublic ActionResult Pageint formId, int baseVersion, string stateName, int stateVersion, string page, string userId, bool isNext, int stateFormId, int baseFormId      ...  codepre
Negative 325 pIm listening to ajaxStart and ajaxStop to showhide a spinner, and Im doing some mock AJAX stuff in JS while servers are being written. It just calls a function to generate mock data with a setTimeout. For now Im just manually calling hide and show on the spinner, but Id really like to just tell JQuery when Im starting and stopping my request, and have the events go through that way, so I dont accidentally hide the spinner while a emrealem ajax request is still going in the background.p  pCan this be done easilyp  pstrongEDITstrong This is the code I settled on, the trick is maintaining the codeJQuery.activecode countp  precodefunction fakeAJAXf      ifjQuery.active  0           jQuery.event.triggerajaxStart          setTimeoutfunction           f         ifjQuery.active              jQuery.event.triggerajaxStop              , Math.roundMath.random  3000  250  codepre
Negative 325 pIn pca techniques after normalizing the eigenfaces, product of eigen faces are not coming orthogonal.br Because of this the weight of the image is not coming out proper. p  pIm not able to proof the original image as a linear combination of eigen faces.  p  pWhat could be the proper techniquesp
Negative 325 pIm working on an online multiplayer mobile web app that runs 100 in the browser from a Meteor server a demo for to me learn new techniques. This is basically just a single page html5 app card game with touchdrag events.p  pAll I would really need is a web view to remove the address bar and nav bar, would PhoneGap be overkill for this purpose ive never used mobile web views or PhoneGap before. I would be targeting mainly iOS and Android.p
Negative 325 pI have 4 classes edge, graph, node, and shortestpath. I want to call methods from my graph class in the static main of my shortestpath class. The error i am getting is Cannot make a static reference to the nonstatic method readFile from the type graph. I would appreciate any help im stuck  p  precodepublic class edgeltEgt public class nodeltEgt extends edgeltEgt  public class graphltEgt     public nodeltEgt BFSE value         if adjList.isEmpty         return null      ArrayListltnodeltEgtgt visitedNodes  new ArrayListltnodeltEgtgt       nodeltEgt sourceNode  adjList.get0     sourceNode.setVisitedtrue      visitedNodes.addsourceNode       nodeltEgt currNode  null       whilevisitedNodes.isEmpty              currNode  visitedNodes.get0         visitedNodes.remove0          ifcurrNode.getData  value             return currNode          ListIteratorltedgeltEgtgt itr  currNode.incidentEdges.listIterator           fornodeltEgt adjNode  adjList                       adjNode  adjNode.getChild              ifadjNode.isVisited                              adjNode.setVisitedtrue                 visitedNodes.addadjNode                                  return null    public void readFile  File file  new FileEnronEmail.txt  try       Scanner scanner  new Scannerfile      while scanner.hasNextLine               String line  scanner.nextLine         ifline.trim.startsWith                      continue                    String[] tokens  line.splitt          Integer parent  Integer.parseInttokens[0]         Integer child  Integer.parseInttokens[1]          addEdgeE parent, E child          scanner.close   catch FileNotFoundException e       e.printStackTrace              public class shortestpath public static void mainInteger source, Integer dest      graphltEgt myGraph  new graphltEgt      myGraph.readFile     myGraph.BFSsource       codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to implement the circuit breaker pattern as a learning experience I know that this pattern is implemented in multiple frameworks already.p  pMy naive, simplified and not thread safe implementation looks something likep  precodeCircuitBreaker circuitBreaker  null     try          get the current circuit breaker         if circuitBreaker.isOpen               throw new CircuitBreakerOpenException          else               proceed normally              or retry if half open               catch CircuitBreakerCallbackExecutionException e          update or replace the circuit breaker      codepre  pHow can I make a thread safe implementation without synchronizing over the guarded call the circuit breaker object Ideally if the fail threshold is set 10 I dont want to allow more than 10 multithreaded calls to go through the guard if the remote system is failing.p  pSo far I have not found any open source framework that seems 100 thread safe. But maybe there is no point in trying to achieve that. p  pThis question is more about thread safety than about circuit breakers.p
Negative 325 pI have a JSF application and want to assign to every user, who opens it in the browser, a unique identifier.p  pTo implement it, I want to use a global codelongcode variable and increment it, whenever a new user connects to the web application.p  pI have 2 questionsp  p1 Where in which method should I place the increment codep  p2 How can I access that global variable in Java classes of the web appp
Negative 325 pI can login into the website where i get the login URL likep  pcodewww.abc.comlogin.htmlcodep  pNow in all the modern websites there is no page like login.html but when i click on login , then a popup appears with the login form.p  pi am not able to find out how i can login into that form with scrappyp
Negative 325 pMy question is related with Bluetooth technology around iOS. Ive watched WWDC about Bluetooth Low Energy 101, whats new, the basics etc, and about using the CoreBluetooth framework available in iOS 5 and later. Ive looked through different sites and documentations trying to find more information about Bluetooth 2.1 and 4, but there is so few. GameKIt is not an answer, I am developing an app to work with an noniOS device. Some of the topics Ive went throughp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11955278connectingtoabluetoothdevicefromiosnomfiConnecting to a Bluetooth device from iOS, no MFiap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8090298ioshowtointegratebluetoothdevicesinmyappiOS  How to integrate bluetooth devices in my appap  pa hrefhttpwww.bluegiga.comfilesbluegigaPresentationsBT40forApple.pdf relnofollowhttpwww.bluegiga.comfilesbluegigaPresentationsBT40forApple.pdfap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12004171bluetooth40witholderbluetoothBluetooth 4.0 with older Bluetoothap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6071516iphonebluetoothconnectivitytononiosdevicesIPhone Bluetooth Connectivity to Non IOS Devicesap  pBut the supported devices are just 4S and up and latests iPads... p  p1 will the latest CoreBluetooth framework just fail on older devicesp  p2 Did apple have any frameworks for BT 2.1 or something What to do, there are still so many ipad2 and iphone4 users, I cant just ignore them..  So what framework actually to usep  pAny help, advice, idea,link will be highly appreciatedp
Negative 325 pI am attempting to combine Express 3.x with NowJS which is largely a wrapper around Socket.io to create a realtime application that first requires that you log in. Im admittedly new to Node, but I have a pretty good handle on how each package works separately. However, accessing Express Session information from NowJS is giving me fits.p  pThe problem seems to be that since I am forced to use XHRPolling using Heroku as a hosting platform, I am not able to easily access cookie information within the Socket.io authentication method. In the code below for authFunction, data.headers.cookie is undefined. In a roundabout way within Now.js code, this is leaving this.user.cookie empty but not undefined in the nowjs.onconnect,... callback. That in turn leaves me unable to grab the session information.p  pFrom reading around, it seems like the cookie might only be available if using websockets. Without the cookie, I have no idea which user is making calls to the server other than a random identifier which gets generated for them.p  pCan anyone suggest how to approach this Do I need to manually send the cookie from the client side upon establishing connection to the Now.js serverp  precodevar app  express  app.configurefunction   app.setport, process.env.PORT  3000   app.setviews, dirname  views   app.enginehtml, consolidate.swig   app.setview engine, html    app.useexpress.favicon   app.useexpress.loggerdev   app.useexpress.bodyParser   app.useexpress.methodOverride   app.useexpress.cookieParser   app.useexpress.session secret secrethere , store sessionStore    app.useexpress.staticpath.joindirname, public   app.useapp.router   app.configuredevelopment, function   app.useexpress.errorHandlerdumpExceptions true, showStack true   Map the routes var routes  require.routesroutesdb app.get[...] routes defined here  var server  http.createServerapp, cookieKey connect.sid server.listenapp.getport, function   console.logExpress server listening on port   app.getport   var parseCookie  requireexpressnodemodulesconnect.utils.parseCookie var authFunction  function data, accept   check if theres a cookie header if data.headers.cookie       if there is, parse the cookie     data.cookie  parseCookiedata.headers.cookie       note that you will need to use the same key to grad the      session id, as you specified in the Express setup.     data.sessionID  data.cookie[connect.sid]  else      if there isnt, turn down the connection with a message     and leave the function.    return acceptNo cookie transmitted., false    accept the incoming connection acceptnull, true   var everyone  nowjs.initializeserver, socketio transports [xhrpolling, jsonppolling], authorization authFunction  nowjs.onconnect, function socket  TODO  This will need to be based on the URL that is being visited, or similar to establish that users are viewing the same thing var sid  unescapethis.user.cookie[connect.sid]  you DO have to unescape the session id  sessionStore.getsid, functionerr, sess     console.logThat group who joined his userId is   sess.userId   var newRoom  groupthis.user.session.groupName var newGroup  nowjs.getGroupnewRoom this.now.serverRoom  newRoom newGroup.addUserthis.user.clientId  codepre  pedit I would of course prefer simple solutions like the top answer here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9066834sessionsupportinnowjsSession support in Now.jsa, but that does not work for me for likely the same reason  my cookie is empty and does not contain the connect.sid key.p
Negative 325 pI am adapting a hrefhttpsgithub.comabdelmstationwagon relnofollowStationWagona FuelPHP app and so far its working really well.p  pI have adapted it with some help to allow multiple images to be uploaded to the server. This is also working great.p  pstrongHoweverstrong, I am thinking it would make more sense if I had strong2 Tablesstrong strong1 Articlesstrong and strong2 ArticleImagesstrong. I would use a Foreign Key to associate the Images with the Article. So when publishing an article it would add the article data to Articles table and move each image to a new row in ArticleImages.p  pSo ultimately my strongArticleImagesstrong table could bep  blockquote   pID  ImageURL  ArticleIDp blockquote  pPortion of my strongarticles.phpstrong controllerp  precodeltphp             public function actionadd          val  ModelArticlevalidateaddarticle lt maybe its just me but i never saw any similar to this in fuelphp sorry about this if im wrong       if your form validation is okay than continue with everyhing else     if valgtrun              article  ModelArticleforge          Custom configuration for this upload         config  array             path gt DOCROOT.DS.images,             randomize gt true,             extwhitelist gt arrayimg, jpg, jpeg, gif, png,                   Uploadprocessconfig           if a valid file is passed than the function will save, or if its not empty         if Uploadisvalid                       save them according to the config             Uploadsave             if you want to save to tha database lets grab the file name             value  Uploadgetfiles                foreachvalue as files                 printrfiles                           articlegtfilename  value[0][savedas]                     status  Inputpostsavedraft  0  1          if   valgtinputcategoryid                      categoryid  null                  else                      categoryid  valgtvalidatedcategoryid                        articlegtuserid  thisgtuserid              articlegtcategoryid  categoryid              articlegttitle  valgtvalidatedtitle              articlegtbody  valgtvalidatedbody              articlegtpublished  status           if articlegtsave                      Sessionsetflashsuccess, Article successfully added.                  else                      Sessionsetflasherror, Something went wrong, .                 please try again                   Responseredirectarticlesadd           thisgttemplategttitle  Add Article     thisgttemplategtcontent  Viewforgearticlesadd         gtsetcategories, ModelCategoryfindall, false         gtsetval, Validationinstanceaddarticle, false        End of file articles.php  codepre
Negative 325 pIm stuck with my code for 20 minutes.p  pWhats wrong with this simple C codep  precodevoid function char amp referencetosomething   codepre  perrorp  precodeexpected  , , or  before amp token codepre
Negative 325 pI have a piece of code to do some google analytics. It looks like thisp  precodefunction        .planchoosebtn a.bindclick, functione          ga load image         lt String myaccGAEventUrl  trackGoogleAnalyticsEventrequest, MO226513791, calltoaction, buy, PLCHOLDER gt         var action  ltmyaccGAEventUrlgt         var hr  this.attrhref         var bundle  hr.splitid[1].splitamp[0]         action  action.replacePLCHOLDER, bundle         body.appendltimg srcaction width1 height1 gt       codepre  pIf I debug this in a desktop browser I can see that the variable action gets updated with the placeholder text replaced with the proper value. But I see on my GA dashboard that this is not happening on mobile, given that I see lots of PLCHOLDER event labels.p  pIs it possible that the string .replace function is not working properly on the phonep
Negative 325 pi am relatively new to php. I have a problem with displaying images in my browser  google chrome after retrieving blob data from mysql database.p  pBasically the following code works when the slashes are added in front of the echo at the bottom.  However i have followed other online tutorials and the tutor has been able to display their images without the use of slashes whilst i am unable to get the image up.  I just wondered what the standard rule is  Another thing to add  when i do fail to get the images up in the browser i get instead a ting thumbnail.  I would really appreciate if anybody could tell me how to reliably display images.  The site i wish to create is just about images.  So its kind of fundamental.  Thanks a lot in advance for your time.p  precodeltphp conn  mysqlconnect localhost,root,arctic123 db  mysqlselectdb userimages, conn  ifdb      echo mysqlerror   q  SELECT  FROM images r  mysqlquery q,conn ifr      whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayr          echo row [username]         echo ltbrgt         header Contenttype imagejpeg         echo row [logo]         echo ltbrgt      else     echo mysqlerror  gt codepre
Negative 325 pI have a client who runs his Classic ASP site under IIS 6.0. The web site is targeted for ASP.NET 2.0 in the ASP.NET configuration tab. A recent PCI Scan of his site is failing him with an HttpOnly vulnerability on his ASPSESSIONID cookie. p  pI have installed an ISAPI .dll that successfully sets HttpOnly on all manually created cookies, but ASPSESSIONID cookie is not effected by this for some reason.p  pI have set web.config with the following configurationp  precodeltsystem.webgt     lthttpCookies httpOnlyCookiestrue gt ltsystem.webgt codepre  pThis configuration seems to have no effect whatsoever, on anything. I suspect, even though the web site is targeted for ASP.NET 2.0 it is afterall a Classic ASP application and HttpOnly wasnt supported at all.p  pThe clients web site uses a codeglobal.asacode instead of codeglobal.asaxcode. This rules out using ApplicationEndRequest to add HttpOnly.p  pI can load up the clients site using FirefoxFirebug and see the cookies. Those manually created are getting HttpOnly set, but the ASPSESSIONID cookie is not HttpOnly.p  pIs anyone aware of how to cause the ASPSESSIONID cookie to be HttpOnly given this setup scenariop
Negative 325 pI am trying to make a modal window display once per session using cookies. With the below code, alert box gets displayed fine once per session but if i place the modal code, it does not work.p  precodeif .cookiemodal  shown       .cookiemodal, shown      alertmessage  codepre  pIn place of alertmessage I am placing the below modal codep  precodedialogmodal.dialog      height 750,     width 1045,     modal true,     resizable false,     draggable false   codepre
Negative 325 pI have tried to Google my problem, but I have found nothing about my problem.p  pI would like to rename dynamically my reports from Reporting Services when I export them using the ReportViewer. Basically, the format will be codereportName  timestampcode.p  pIs there anyway to do that using C or Reporting Services itselfp  pHeres how I include the reportviewer on my pagesp  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltrswebReportViewer IDrv runatserver ShowToolBartrue ShowParameterPromptsfalse     BackColorF0F8FF Height1200px Width100 ProcessingModeRemote EnableViewStatetrue     Visiblefalse SizeToReportContentTruegt     ltLocalReport EnableExternalImagesTruegt     ltLocalReportgt ltrswebReportViewergt codepre
Negative 325 pI have the following line of verilog code that i want to convert to vhdlp  precodeassign   cout,sum   add    ina  inb  cin    ina  inb  cin  codepre  pHow would i do this in vhdlp
Negative 325 pI am new to jquery and php, so I apologize if the question is to simple. I have to change the image displayed depending on the option selected in the list box. So far my jquery is able to retrieve and display the desired img id.I intially tried  to post the image id back to the php script and then retrieve the image, but later realised I can directly manipulate the img tagsince my images are name 1.jpg,2.jpg.Can someone please help me Thank you Here s the relevant codep  precodeHTML ltimg iddesign  class imgrounded altAd Picture width450p height450gt ltinput typebutton idGetImage classbtn valueGet Imagegt Jquery GetImage.liveclick,function  var imageid UserIds.val .ajax     typePOST,     urlProvidingFeedback.php,     dataidimageid,     success functionmsg         ifresultsuccess              design.attrsrc,img2.jpg                codepre  pI p
Negative 325 pWhen creating forms for the user to fill out is a codeCancelcode button necessaryp  pIf the form was in a modal dialog or similar, sure add a cancel button, but things like an edit page etc, where the codeCancelcode button acts like a codeBackcode button, is it a good idea to add the button to give the users an escape hatch, or is it just complicating the formp  pWe on Stack Overflow are more computer savvy than your average Joe obviously, so we know about just pressing the back button, but is it needed the average user especially if the other options for navigation are clearly presented left, or top navigation as is the case in the UI below.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comH2LHe.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pI am new to java and working on a project on getter and setter API. It has few Getter and Setter functions that user can make use of it through a jar file.  Ive just done with my coding. Now, I want to know how user can access jar file to use the methods in getters and setters.p  pLets assume this scenariop  precodeclass a  setterstring a this.a  a   void getter return a    class b  setterstring b this.b  b   void getter return a    codepre  pWhen user want to access a function from the above.. what should they do thatp  pI badly want to know this becoz i need to demonstrate it.. please help me guys.p
Negative 325 pIve seen many examples in functional languages about processing a list and constructing a function to do something with its elements after receiving some additional value usually not present at the time the function was generated, such asp  ul lipa hrefhttpwww.haskell.orghaskellwikiTheMonad.ReaderIssue4WhyAttributeGrammarsMatter relnofollowCalculating the difference between each element and the averageap  pthe last 2 examples under Lazy Evaluationpli lipStaging a list append in strict functional languages such as MLOCaml, a hrefhttpwww.cs.cmu.edurwhsmlbookbook.pdf relnofollowto avoid traversing the first list more than onceap  pthe section titled Stagingpli lipComparing a list to another with foldr i.e. generating a function to compare another list to the firstp  precodelistEq a b  foldr comb null a b   where comb x frec []  False         comb x frec ees  x  e ampamp frec es cmp1To10  listEq [1..10] codepreli ul  pIn all these examples, the authors generally remark the benefit of traversing the original list only once. But I cant keep myself from thinking sure, instead of traversing a list of N elements, you are traversing a chain of N evaluations, so what. I know there must be some benefit to it, could someone explain it pleasep  hr  pstrongEditstrong Thanks to both for the answers. Unfortunately, thats not what I wanted to know. Ill try to clarify my question, so its not confused with the more common one about creating intermediate lists which I already read about in various places. Also thanks for correcting my post formatting.p  pIm interested in the cases where you construct a function to be applied to a list, where you dont yet have the necessary value to evaluate the result be it a list or not. Then you cant avoid generating references to each list element even if the list structure is not referenced anymore. And you have the same memory accesses as before, but you dont have to deconstruct the list pattern matching.p  pFor example, see the staging chapter in the mentioned ML book. Ive tried it in ML and Racket, more specifically the staged version of append which traverses the first list and returns a function to insert the second list at the tail, without traversing the first list many times. Surprisingly for me, it was much faster even considering it still had to copy the list structure as the last pointer was different on each case.p  pThe following is a variant of map which after applied to a list, it should be faster when changing the function. As Haskell is not strict, I would have to force the evaluation of codelistMap [1..100000]code in codecachedListcode or maybe not, as after the first application it should still be in memory.p  precodelistMap  foldr comb const []   where comb x rest  f gt f x  rest f  cachedList  listMap [1..100000] doubles  cachedList 2 squares  cachedList x gt xx   print doubles and squares  ... codepre  pI know in Haskell it doesnt make a difference please correct me if Im wrong using codecomb x rest f  ...code vs codecomb x rest  f gt ...code, but I chose this version to emphasize the idea.p  pstrongUpdatestrong after some simple tests, I couldnt find any difference in execution times in Haskell. The question then is only about strict languages such as Scheme at least the Racket implementation, where I tested it and ML.p
Negative 325 pIve searched for an answer before posting this but with no luck.p  pThe Facebook Like box seems to have changed colour without me changing anything on my website.  The theme is set to dark, but instead of black, its displaying as a grey colour, and none of the text updates can be read as the text is also whitegrey.p  pThis seems to be a widespread problem, as other sites I visit are also having issues.  Their like boxes are now grey, and their text cannot be read.  Ive also checked the official Facebook Developers page, and have clicked on a preview for the Dark setting, and theirs is also wrong  It appears grey and the text cannot be read.p  pAnybody have any ideas how to help me, or ... any ideas whats going onp
Negative 325 pFirefox has a lot of variants, like Waterfox, Palemoon, etc.p  pHow can I get the version number of all Firefox and its variant browsers present on a systemp  pUsing C and Win32 SDK.p  pAnother related question, how do I know if a browser is derived off Firefox or Chrome like Comodop
Negative 325 pI have a HTML page with some Javascript that Im trying to parse with XSLT 1.0. I want to modify a URL thats inside the Javascript to make the path absolute instead of relative.p  pThe Javascriptcode looks roughly like thisp  precodelthtmlgt     ltheadgt         ltscriptgt             function login                  window.location  myBasemyloginpage                      ltscriptgt     ltheadgt      ltbodygt      ...     ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pI want the myBase to be replaced with my domain. I feel that Im very much off course.p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltxslstylesheet version1.0    xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransform    xmlnsproxyjavasenselogic.sitevision.portlet.proxy.web.ProxyFunctions     extensionelementprefixesproxygt      ltxslimport hreftemplate.xslgt      ltxsltemplate matchscripttextgt         ltxslvariable namemypathgt           ltxslcalltemplate namestringreplaceallgt             ltxslwithparam nametextgtltxslvalueof selectmyBasegtltxslwithparamgt             ltxslwithparam namereplacegtmyBaseltxslwithparamgt             ltxslwithparam namebygthttpwww.mydomain.comltxslwithparamgt           ltxslcalltemplategt         ltxslvariablegt     ltxsltemplategt            ltxsltemplate namestringreplaceallgt       ltxslparam nametext gt       ltxslparam namereplace gt       ltxslparam nameby gt       ltxslchoosegt         ltxslwhen testcontainstext, replacegt           ltxslvalueof selectsubstringbeforetext,replace gt           ltxslvalueof selectby gt           ltxslcalltemplate namestringreplaceallgt             ltxslwithparam nametext             selectsubstringaftertext,replace gt             ltxslwithparam namereplace selectreplace gt             ltxslwithparam nameby selectby gt           ltxslcalltemplategt         ltxslwhengt         ltxslotherwisegt           ltxslvalueof selecttext gt         ltxslotherwisegt       ltxslchoosegt     ltxsltemplategt     ltxslstylesheetgt codepre
Negative 325 pIm using Pandas 0.9.1 to write a physics code. I have two dataframesp  pLevelsp  precodeclass pandas.core.frame.DataFramegt Int64Index 37331 entries, 0 to 37330 Data columns atomicnumber    37331  nonnull values ionnumber       37331  nonnull values levelnumber     37331  nonnull values energy           37331  nonnull values g                37331  nonnull values metastable       37331  nonnull values codepre  pLinesp  precodeltclass pandas.core.frame.DataFramegt Int64Index 314338 entries, 0 to 314337 Data columns id                    314338  nonnull values wavelength            314338  nonnull values atomicnumber         314338  nonnull values ionnumber            314338  nonnull values ful                  314338  nonnull values flu                  314338  nonnull values levelnumberlower    314338  nonnull values levelnumberupper    314338  nonnull values dtypes float643, int647 codepre  pTheres a couple of things I need to do  I need to join levels with lines atom, ion, level at first on atom, ion, levelnumberupper and then atom, ion, levelnumberlower. Is there a way to precompute the join  memory is not an issue, but speed is. p  pI also need to group levels on atom, ion and do an operation on levels. I did this already incredibly fast, but then had trouble joining the resulting series with the lines dataframe.p  pHow do I do thisp  pCheers    Wolfgangp  pupdate v1p  pTo show what I want to join merge here a code snippetp  precodedef calcgroupfuncgroup     return np.sumgroup[g]np.expgroup[energy] groupeddata  levels.groupbyatomicnumber, ionnumber groupeddata.applycalcgroupfunc codepre  pand then I want to joinmerge grouped data with lines on atomicnumber and ionnumberp
Negative 325 pI am new to looping and R in general and I have sent waaaay to much time on this one problem and am about a hair away from doing it manually for the next two days.p  pSo, there is a package that while calculating the statistic creates lists that look like matrices in the background.  Each item there are 10 items has one of these matrix looking list that I need to extract data from. The list has 5 rows that represent 5 groups, and 8 columns.  I need to extract 3 of the columns Lo Score[,2], Hi Score[,3], and Mean[,7] for each of the items.  I then want to turn the extracted data into 3 matrices Lo Score, Hi Score, and Mean where the rows are the 5 groups and the columns are items 110.p  pThis is how I can create the mean matrix by hand.  MDD.mean.s10 is the matrix I want in the end.  notice the first bracket after results is the only part that changes 110 to represent the 10 items and the last bracket is [,7] to represent the mean located in column 7p  precodem.1a lt MCMDD.noNAresults[[1]][[2]][,7] m.2b lt MCMDD.noNAresults[[2]][[2]][,7] m.3c lt MCMDD.noNAresults[[3]][[2]][,7] m.4d lt MCMDD.noNAresults[[4]][[2]][,7] m.5e lt MCMDD.noNAresults[[5]][[2]][,7] m.6f lt MCMDD.noNAresults[[6]][[2]][,7] m.7g lt MCMDD.noNAresults[[7]][[2]][,7] m.8h lt MCMDD.noNAresults[[8]][[2]][,7] m.9i lt MCMDD.noNAresults[[9]][[2]][,7] m.10j lt MCMDD.noNAresults[[10]][[2]][,7] MDD.mean.s10 lt cbindm.1a, m.2b, m.3c, m.4d, m.5e, m.6f, m.7g, m.8h, m.9i, m.10j  MDD.mean.s10              m.1a      m.2b      m.3c      m.4d      m.5e      m.6f      m.7g      m.8h      m.9i     m.10j [1,] 0.8707865 0.7393939 0.7769231 0.7591241 0.8533333 0.7925926 0.8258065 0.8410596 0.8843931 0.5638298 [2,] 0.8323353 0.7302632 0.5913978 0.5868263 0.6923077 0.6182796 0.6964286 0.6839080 0.7911392 0.3212121 [3,] 0.8726115 0.7159763 0.7117647 0.6163522 0.7987805 0.7105263 0.7613636 0.7674419 0.8034682 0.4011299 [4,] 0.9024390 0.7894737 0.7795276 0.6530612 0.8593750 0.7112676 0.8672566 0.8629032 0.9152542 0.4834437 [5,] 0.9861111 0.9102564 0.8452381 0.8160920 0.9726027 0.8658537 0.8352941 0.9342105 0.9466667 0.6454545 codepre  pBut I cant do this by hand every time, as this comes up over and over and over again in multiple lists. I have figured out how to loop this procedure and name the vector as it goes alongp  precodefori in 110 assignpastem, i, sep  , MCMDD.noNAresults[[i]][[2]][,7]   m1 [1] 0.8707865 0.8323353 0.8726115 0.9024390 0.9861111 m2 0.7393939 0.7302632 0.7159763 0.7894737 0.9102564 m3 [1] 0.7769231 0.5913978 0.7117647 0.7795276 0.8452381 m4 [1] 0.7591241 0.5868263 0.6163522 0.6530612 0.8160920 m5 [1] 0.8533333 0.6923077 0.7987805 0.8593750 0.9726027 m6 [1] 0.7925926 0.6182796 0.7105263 0.7112676 0.8658537 m7 [1] 0.8258065 0.6964286 0.7613636 0.8672566 0.8352941 m8 [1] 0.8410596 0.6839080 0.7674419 0.8629032 0.9342105 m9 [1] 0.8843931 0.7911392 0.8034682 0.9152542 0.9466667 m10 [1] 0.5638298 0.3212121 0.4011299 0.4834437 0.6454545 codepre  pNow here where I get stuck how do I cbind these vectors without typing it out expliciity ie. mean.MDD lt cbindm1,m2,m3,m4,m5,m6,m7,m8,m9,10p  pEverything I have tried keeps overwriting the data instead of building a matrix.  Basically I, start with a matrix 5x10 of zeros.  Then I wind up with a few values in the beginning, but the rest is still zeros. Examples of terrible codep  precodefo lt matrix0,5,10 colnamesfo lt pastef, 110, sep   fo       f1 f2 f3 f4 f5 f6 f7 f8 f9 f10 [1,]  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0   0 [2,]  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0   0 [3,]  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0   0 [4,]  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0   0 [5,]  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0   0 fori in 110 fo lt assignpastef, i, sep  , MCMDD.noNAresults[[i]][[2]][,7]  fo [1] 0.5638298 0.3212121 0.4011299 0.4834437 0.6454545  fo lt matrix0,5,10 colnamesfo lt pastef, 110, sep   fo       f1 f2 f3 f4 f5 f6 f7 f8 f9 f10 [1,]  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0   0 [2,]  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0   0 [3,]  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0   0 [4,]  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0   0 [5,]  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0   0 fori in 110 fo lt cbindassignpastef, i, sep  , MCMDD.noNAresults[[i]][[2]][,7]  fo [,1] [1,] 0.5638298 [2,] 0.3212121 [3,] 0.4011299 [4,] 0.4834437 [5,] 0.6454545 codepre  pThanks for your help in advance  cp
Negative 325 pI am working a realtime lighting control system.p  pUser can turn onoff lights through web interface, but when another person turn onoff light switch manually the web interface should be updated immediately. Thats the realtime goal I want.p  pThe structure of the system is like this. I have my own server at home, which controlmonitor light status realtime. Django project is on my cloud server communicating with my home server realtime.p  pI have searched some similar posts and found many tools that confuse me a lot. All I want is to do long polling. Users browser will send http request to django server periodicallysay 30s. If nothing comes up, server will hold the response until next one come. If there is an event, server will just reply immediately so realtime change at the browser side.p  pI know websocket is a better way, but I just want to make it work, the simpler the better. As long as its reliable, compatible with existing browsers, performance is not a primary concern for me now. I can change it later if there is performance issue when scaling up. If its possible, I still want to use Apache server to do this.p  pDoes anyone knows a good tutorial or example that shows me how to implement itp  pThanks so muchp  pI use Django 1.4, wsgi, Apache.p
Negative 325 pI have uploaded my project to heroku, but I get this error codeNoMethodError in Itemshypeitemcode and codeundefined method link for nilNilClasscode. It works on my computer when I use localhost. p  pI have done done this p  ol liheroku run rake dbcreate li liherouk run rake dbmigrate li liheroku restartli ol  p...and read many posts on the issue, but it does not solve it.p  pAny suggestionsp  pHere is the logp  precode20121214T1154020000 app[web.1] Processing by ItemsControllerhypeitem as HTML 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]   Rendered itemshypeitem.html.erb within layoutsapplication 75.2ms 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1] Completed 500 Internal Server Error in 405ms 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]  20121214T1154030000 app[web.1] ActionViewTemplateError undefined method link for nilNilClass 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]     6        ltpgtltdiv idabcgtlt raw item.link gtltdivgtltpgt 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]     8 ltdivgt 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]     3  20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]   appviewsitemshypeitem.html.erb6in appviewsitemshypeitemhtmlerb68606881670778866229579640 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]  20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]     4 ltdiv classmodal hide idmyModal tabindex1 roledialog arialabelledbymyModalLabel ariahiddentrgt 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]     5    ltdiv classmodalbodygt 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]     7    ltdivgt 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]  20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]   Rendered vendorbundleruby1.9.1gemsactionpack3.2.6libactiondispatchmiddlewaretemplatesrescuestrace.erb 18.7ms 20121214T1154030000 heroku[router] atinfo methodGET path hostenigmatictor2280.herokuapp.com fwd84.48.62.139 dynoweb.1 queue0 wait0ms connect16ms service773ms status500 bytes26039 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]   Rendered vendorbundleruby1.9.1gemsactionpack3.2.6libactiondispatchmiddlewaretemplatesrescuestemplateerror.erb within rescueslayout 29.9ms 20121214T1154030000 app[web.1]   Rendered vendorbundleruby1.9.1gemsactionpack3.2.6libactiondispatchmiddlewaretemplatesrescuesrequestandresponse.erb 1.0ms codepre  p...and gemfilep  precodesource httpsrubygems.org  gem rails, 3.2.6   Bundle edge Rails instead  gem rails, git gt gitgithub.comrailsrails.git gem lessrails, gt 2.2.6 gem therubyracer gem bcryptruby, require gt bcrypt   group assets do   gem sassrails,   gt 3.2.3 mulig denne m flyttes ut av asset group for  virke   gem coffeerails, gt 3.2.1     See httpsgithub.comsstephensonexecjsreadme for more supported runtimes    gem therubyracer, platforms gt ruby    gem uglifier, gt 1.0.3   gem twitterbootstraprails end  group production do   gem pg end group development, test do   gem sqlite3 end  gem thin gem jqueryrails codepre  phypeitem.html.erbp  precodeltdiv idcountergtltdivgt ltdiv idplaybuttongt lta idplay rolebuttongtlt imagetagPlay.pnggtltagtltdivgt  ltdiv classmodal hide idmyModal tabindex1 roledialog arialabelledbymyModalLabel ariahiddentrgt     ltdiv classmodalbodygt         ltpgtltdiv idabcgtlt raw item.link gtltdivgtltpgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pTell me if you need to see some more files, Im not sure whats relevant.p
Negative 325 pIve got my fontface styles written as followsp  precodefontface    fontfamily Din   src urlfontsDINWebPro.eot formateot,        urlfontsDINWebPro.woff formatwoff codepre  pp  pIts working in every browser except IE7 and 8, anyone got any ideasp  pThanks p
Negative 325 pThe way I made it work is create a dedicated controller that handles my forms that repeat on multiple pages i.e. codesomedomain.comformcallmebackcode and so far so good. However, once the validator has done its thing I need to either return to the page from which the form was submitted, with a list of errors to display or send the message and then return to the originating form page with a success message.p  pWhat would be the best way to accomplish thatp  pSo far my thoughts are lingering on using codeSERVER[HTTPREFERER]code or a hidden field with a codecurrenturlcode as its value, and then just do codeheaderLocation.POST[ref]code but that would not allow me to post back validation errors.p  pstrong[EDIT]strongp  pIn the end Ive solved my problem using codeIgniter session flash data functionalityp  precoderedirect back to source     ifSERVER[HTTPREFERER] ampamp strposSERVER[HTTPREFERER], baseurl  false          do form handling stuff here         thisgtsessiongtsetflashdatacallmebackerrors, validationerrors         headerLocation . SERVER[HTTPREFERER]      else          invalid referer, do nothing say nothing, pretend the page doesnt exist         show404      codepre  pthanks for your ideas p
Negative 325 pIts a common issue with WordPress pagination. I have my main blog, which lists all post. I also have a category page that lists only posts from 1 category.p  pstrongMain Blogstrongp  ul liPost 1 li liPost 2 li liPost 3 li liPost 4 li liPost 5li ul  pstrongCategory A Pagestrongp  ul liPost 1  li liPost 3 li liPost 4 li ul  pstrongCategory B Pagestrongp  ul liPost 1 li liPost 3  li liPost 5li ul  pIf a user clicks into look at a post, and then uses the default nextprev link functions, there is no way for WordPress to know which post should be next.p  pFor example, if the user is looking at Post 3, should the next post be 4 or 5 It all depends on where the user came from.p  pSo I wrote the following code to answer this problem and thought Id share it.p
Negative 325   pI would like to know how I can set one setting for two different classes.p  pTo give an examplep  pre classlangcss prettyprintoverridecode.footer one .flag li .dropdown form div     width 80px     fontfamily Arial, Helvetica, sansserif     fontsize 11px     textalign left     lineheight 1.5     color ccc     fontweightbolder     marginleft 30px  .footer two .flag li .dropdown form div     width 80px     fontfamily Arial, Helvetica, sansserif     fontsize 11px     textalign left     lineheight 1.5     color ccc     fontweightbolder     marginleft 30px  codepre  pas you can see both rules have the same content. the difference is just the second tag. so is there a way to do something like thisp  pre classlangcss prettyprintoverridecode.footer gtgtgtone and twoltltltlt .flag li .dropdown form div         width 80px         fontfamily Arial, Helvetica, sansserif         fontsize 11px         textalign left         lineheight 1.5         color ccc         fontweightbolder         marginleft 30px      codepre  pIf there is someone who could tell me how to do so, I really would appreciate. p
Negative 325 pIt is too difficult for me to find a proper pattern which will replace only chars which are outside quotation marks inside the string itself ,p  pExample p  precodestring Code  string a  David codepre  por p  precodestring CodeLine  ifCodeThisisstringint abc codepre  pAfter the replace the output should be like this p  precodeif Code  Thisisstring nnint a  b  cn codepre  pBut the problem is that my regex is replacing and ordering chars inside the quotation marks and then the output looks like this p  precodeif Code    This  is  string   nnint a  b  cn codepre  pAs you see it arranging inside the string that is inside the CodeLine string ...p  pI am working on a smart indenting for a code editor .  So now i am trying to make a arranger which will make the code look better like in VS it automatically inserts spaces and new lines after ending block or line  .p  pHere is my regex p  precodepublic string ArrangeString string String                String  Regex.Replace String , w[][amp,.ltgt] , 1 2           String  Regex.Replace String , [][amp,.ltgt]w , 1 2          String  Regex.Replace String , s. , 2          String  Regex.Replace String , .s , 1          String  Regex.Replace String , s , 2          String  Regex.Replace String , s , 1          String  Regex.Replace String , s[ , 2          String  Regex.Replace String , ]sW , 13          String  Regex.Replace String , s  .ltltrangegt.[].[]  s ,  2           return String      codepre  pEdit p  pAfter one hour i found one effective and easy solution for that . firstly here is my code p  precodepublic string ArrangeCode string MainString               string FinalString           string AccumulatedString           bool Accumulate  true         bool Igonre  false         for  int i  0  i lt MainString.Length  i                       if  MainString[i]                                 Igonre  false                 if  i gt 1                                       if  MainString[i  1]    MainString[i  1]                                                 Igonre  true                                                       if  Igonre  false                                       if  Accumulate  true                                               Accumulate  false                         if  AccumulatedString.Length  0                                                       FinalString  ArrangeString AccumulatedString                                                   AccumulatedString                                            else                                              Accumulate  true                                                                if  Accumulate  true                               AccumulatedString  MainString[i]                          else                              FinalString  MainString[i]                               return FinalString  AccumulatedString           public string ArrangeString string String               String  Regex.Replace String , w[][amp,.ltgt] , 1 2          String  Regex.Replace String , [][amp,.ltgt]w , 1 2          String  Regex.Replace String , s. , 2          String  Regex.Replace String , .s , 1          String  Regex.Replace String , s , 2          String  Regex.Replace String , s , 1          String  Regex.Replace String , s[ , 2          String  Regex.Replace String , ]sW , 13          String  Regex.Replace String , s  .ltltrangegt.[].[]  s ,  2           return String      codepre  pBefore using the Regex replace , i am trying to find the parts of the string which really needs the replace with the ArrangeCode method .p
Negative 325 pIve written a PHP script which performs web scraping from one site and parse input for my website.p  pThe script is driven by cronjob periodically, and everything is hosted in a shared webserver.p  pstrongThe problem isstrong my script terminates several times a day, with no error message and in random location in code each time.p  pThe script is long, performing 2 HTTP Gets and 4 HTTP Posts to other country website, each HTTP request takes 3 seconds to complete it also writes to files and rw tofrom MySql database.p  pIm stuck on it strongafter tryingstrong the following thingsp  p1 Talking with my hosting support IxWebHosting  they just wasted my time, denying their responsibility and advised me to limit the cronjob periodicy to 5 minute rate maximum before it was 3 minutes interval, however it didnt change anything.p  p2 Instead of running from cronjob context, Ive switched to the following method     a. Cronjob calls a loader PHP script every 5 minutes.     b. The loader PHP script calls the real PHP script using HTTP Get and terminates before waiting for an answer.     c. The real PHP script perform its 20 seconds job here is where the program terminates in random location.p  p3 Put some log file timestamp writing in many places along the code in order to see where program terminated each run  this showed me the program terminates everywhere in the code.p  p4 In order to prove its not my code fault Ive performed the following test    a. Cronjob calls another loader PHP script.    b. The PHP script performs HTTP request to a different testingpurpose PHP script and terminates without waiting for response.    c. The 2nd PHP script will perform dummy 20 seconds task sleep for a second and write timestamp into log file for 20 times.p  pResult the test succeeded the 2nd program didnt fail... which means it has something to do with my code and the webserver Im running at  however since it fails everytime in different place and only 10 times a day from 288 times it runs a day then I cant tell where it is and no error message of PHP.p  pThanks in advance, sorry for long description  Ill be happy to provide more details upon request.p
Negative 325 precodeSELECT campus,semester, AVGCountOfStudents FROM    SELECT semester,year,campus, count as CountOfStudents   FROM regestration   GROUP BY  semester, year, campus,studentid  t GROUP BY   campus,semester codepre  pI need to do is to find the average number of people per semester of each campusp  pMy table structure isp  pTable name  strongregistrationstrongp  precodestudentid campus year batch semester codepre  pcodecampuscode, codeyearcode, codesemestercode and codebatchcode these can help identify unique records, where as codestudentidcode may repeat itself the query above gives wrong answer.p
Negative 325 pi want to refresh page or redirect page after 4 mints to new url every time it refresh or redirect br strongExample some thing like thisstrongbrp  precodei1 whilei  100   Now URL redirect here  urlupcchange.phpidi echo ltmeta httpequivrefresh content2url.url.gt i   codepre  psome code which wait here for 4mints and redirect or refresh the page to new url likep  precodeupcchange.phpid1 upcchange.phpid2 upcchange.phpid3 codepre  pAbove code will not work because it do fast loop and nothing will wait for 4 mints ... i need a way to wait 4 mints before 2nd loop happen .... for refresh or redirect.p
Negative 325 pUsing tinyXml2, I can parse preltMSGTIMEgt20100701 142820ltMSGTIMEgtpre just fine, but preltMSGTIMEgtltMSGTIMEgtpre and preltMSGTIMEgtpre both throw exceptions in C when those are perfectly valid XML to my knowledge. Does anyone have a fix or suggestion for this I do not control the source of this XML, and I need to be error tolerant.p
Negative 325 pIve asked this question as a part of Huge question but was recommended to ask in parts. Here comes the part of my previous question. My previous question was a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions14115733howtoperformpickingandhidingobjectsusingthreejscomment1953645314115733Hereap  pIve been using Three.js Release 50 and able to showhide the objects In my application, it is a mesh child with the help ofp  precodeTHREE.SceneUtils.traverseHierarchymesh,functionchild var z  document.getElementByIdcameras.selectedIndex5 10 if z  10     child.visible  true  else if child.position.z  z     child.visible  false  else       child.visible  true    codepre  pBut while using release 54, it is said that to use, object.traverse but found very difficult to the same. How to replace the above code using release 54 The error Im getting while using release 54 isp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfVWFr.jpg altenter image description herep  pPlease help me to sort this out.p
Negative 325 pIs there a way to do this inline in a jade templatep  precodeiftypeof fromEdit  undefined    divdemo.collapse.in else    divdemo.collapse codepre  pWould like to do this conditional check inline and the result would add the .in to the end of the div if fromEdit exists.  p
Negative 325 pDoes JW Player support events which fires a function at specified second only I found no info in the docu.p  pIt should work like thisp  precodejwplayer.atTime5, functions   do something    jwplayer.atTime9, functions   do something    codepre
Negative 325 pI am a beginner in android....I need your help.p  pIn my app I created a listview using custom adapter and custom row layout. I am successful in doing so amp I have added one image, textview and a spinner drop down in all rows.  In the drop down there is number of items from 0 to 9 for eg.p  pBut my problem is when I select drop down and set some value, on scrolling the list the spinner resets itself to initial value here 0..I am using a String of values 0 to 9 for Spinner.p  pWhat can I do to avoid this issue Any help would be greatly appreciated....Thanks in advance.p  precodeThis is my custom adapter code....  public class MyProductsArrayAdapter extends ArrayAdapterltProductsgt  Context context int resourceId  Products data[]  null  public MyProductsArrayAdapterContext context, int resourceId,         Products data[]      supercontext, resourceId, data     this.context  context     this.resourceId  resourceId      this.data  data   static class ProductsItemViewHolder       ImageView image     TextView name     Spinner number   String[] mArray  new String[]  0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,          8, 9   public View getViewfinal int position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent      View rowView  convertView     ProductsItemViewHolder holder  null      LayoutInflater mInflater  LayoutInflater context              .getSystemServiceActivity.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE     if rowView  null           rowView  mInflater.inflateR.layout.main2, parent, false         holder  new ProductsItemViewHolder         holder.image  ImageView rowView.findViewByIdR.id.itemicon          holder.name  TextView rowView.findViewByIdR.id.tvListItemText         holder.number  Spinner rowView.findViewByIdR.id.NumberSpinner          rowView.setTagholder       else            holder  ProductsItemViewHolder rowView.getTag           Products f  data[position]     holder.image.setImageResourcef.itemIcon     holder.name.setTextf.itemName      ArrayAdapterltStringgt adapter  new ArrayAdapterltStringgtcontext,              android.R.layout.simplespinneritem, mArray      holder.number.setAdapteradapter      return rowView    codepre  pAnd here is my rowlayout code      p  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent  androidorientationhorizontal gt  ltImageView     androidididitemicon     androidlayoutwidth40dp     androidlayoutheight40dip      androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue     androidlayoutcenterVerticaltrue     androidlayoutmarginLeft10dip     androidgravitycentervertical      androidsrcdrawableiclauncher gt ltImageViewgt  ltTextView     androidididtvListItemText     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent      androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutcenterVerticaltrue     androidlayoutmarginLeft10dp     androidlayouttoRightOfiditemicon      androidmaxWidth180dp     androidmaxLines2     androidtextHello testing     androidtextColorcolorbrown     androidtextSize15dp      androidtypefacenormal gt  ltSpinner     androidididNumberSpinner     androidlayoutwidth80dp     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent      androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue     androidlayoutcenterVerticaltrue     androidlayoutmarginLeft0dp gt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to find the number of POIs inside a particular area using a map API. Its been recommended that I use either Nokia or Yelp APIs but Im struggling to work out how to start on this project.p  pThe actual type of the Point of interest is unimportant, all are relevant in this case. If anyone has any experience of these map APIs and would know what I should look at, or examples that would be useful for me to start, I would be extremely gratefulp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pi have a problem with removing duplicate data in rows with different Columns p  precodeSELECT   p1, p2    FROM   SELECT   A AS p1, B AS p2 FROM DUAL           UNION           SELECT   B AS p1, A AS p2 FROM DUAL a codepre  pand the result will be p  pre P1 P2     A , B   B , A   pre  pstrongand I just need A,B or B,Astrongp
Negative 325 pI have the following code. I know that I can use codeapplyfreqfiltercode function to filter out collocations that are less than a frequency count. However, I dont know how to get the frequencies of all the ngram tuples in my case bigram in a document, before I decide what frequency to set for filtering. As you can see I am using the nltk collocations class.p  precodeimport nltk from nltk.collocations import  line   openfile  openatextfile,r for val in openfile     line  val tokens  line.split  bigrammeasures  nltk.collocations.BigramAssocMeasures finder  BigramCollocationFinder.fromwordstokens finder.applyfreqfilter3 print finder.nbestbigrammeasures.pmi, 100 codepre
Negative 325 pFirst of all, Im using Andorid and Java only for a week and Im a total newbie. p  pI need to know which button user clicked and then compare it with good or bad answer.p  pHere is the codep  precodeprotected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.questions            Integer[] flags               R.drawable.flagalbania,             R.drawable.flagandorra,             R.drawable.flagangola,             R.drawable.flagavganistan,                    String[] questions               What is the flag of Albania,             What is the flag of Andorra,             What is the flag of Angola,             What is the flag of Avganistan,                      TextView tv  TextView findViewByIdR.id.textView1         int arraySize  flags.length         Random rand  new Random          ImageButton button1  ImageButton findViewByIdR.id.imageButton1         int index  rand.nextIntarraySize         int questionIndex1  index         button1.setImageResourceflags[index]         flags[index]  flags[arraySize]          ImageButton button2  ImageButton findViewByIdR.id.imageButton2         index  rand.nextIntarraySize         int questionIndex2  index         button2.setImageResourceflags[index]         flags[index]  flags[arraySize]          ImageButton button3  ImageButton findViewByIdR.id.imageButton3         index  rand.nextIntarraySize         int questionIndex3  index         button3.setImageResourceflags[index]         flags[index]  flags[arraySize]          ImageButton button4  ImageButton findViewByIdR.id.imageButton4         index  rand.nextIntarraySize         int questionIndex4  index         button4.setImageResourceflags[index]         flags[index]  flags[arraySize]          Integer[] question                   questionIndex1,                 questionIndex2,                 questionIndex3,                 questionIndex4                   int questionArraySize  question.length          int questionArray  rand.nextIntquestionArraySize          tv.setTextquestions[question[questionArray]] codepre  pMy idea is to compare questionIndex that is randomly selected to a button id but I really dont know how to implement it. Every help is appreciated.p
Negative 325 pRelatively new to patterns, let me straight away show an example in the context of WinForms.p  pI have a basic MVP Passive View structure, which one should I go ahead withp  precodepublic partial class UserView  Form, IUserView      public event EventHandler Save      public UserView              InitializeComponent          new UserPresenternew UserModel, this        public class UserPresenter      public UserPresenterIUser model, IUserView view              view.Save  sender, e gt model.Save       codepre  porp  precodepublic partial class UserView  Form, IUserView      public event EventHandler Save      public UserView              InitializeComponent          new UserPresenterthis        public class UserPresenter      public UserPresenterIUserView view              var model  new UserModel         assuming I have the logic to bind property values from View to Model         view.Save  sender, e gt model.Save       codepre  pMy questions arep  p1 Who should know of the concrete instance of model codeUsercode, View or Presenterp  p2 What will be the benefit in that casep  p3 Suppose my Model is never dependent on the View. In that case whats wrong if View knows Model After all codeUserViewcode is made to present codeUserModelcode isnt itp  p4 If Presenter should interact with only interfaces of Model and View, then to call codemodel.Savecode in codeSavecode eventhandler, where do I get the concrete instance of codeModelcode fromp  pThere are two duplicate questions a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions13352704modelviewpresenterpassiveviewwholoadsthemodelherea and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions13015999mvpviewknowsmodelherea, but they arent exactly dealing with my scenario I guess..p
Negative 325 pWe have a database full of MyISAM tables. The thing is that we need transactions on just 1 table, called codepaymentscode My question is, will that work I mean by changing the engine of that table to codeInnoDBcode and using transactions on php, will that do the work or do i have to mess around and do more than just that Will that affect my db in anyway The table is isolated, it doesnt have foreign keys  since codeMyISAMcode doesnt support them. p  pTy in advance.p
Negative 325 pi have seen the answer here on how to get the media query of iPhone5p  pemstrongmedia     only screen and maxdevicewidth 1136px and mindevicewidth 960px and deviceheight 640px,     only screen and maxdeviceheight 1136px and mindeviceheight 960px and devicewidth 640px      em iPhone only em emstrongp  pProblem is, i have tried several web based simulator for ipod touch, iphone4 and iphone 5.. they are not just accurate. i dont own any of this devices so how can i know if the div is aligned right or if its showing right on those devices.p
Negative 325 pIll try to make it clearerbr I have now 2 tables, already defined,br The first is called codewrotecode the seconds is codepublicationcode  p  pIn publication I have 2 fieldsp  precodetitle1, title2  codepre  pIn wrote I have 3 fields p  precodeSerial number, title1, title2 codepre  pThe second table foreign keys codetitle1,title2code is constraint to the first table primary key both fields.br Now, I want to receive some data from the second table codetitle1,title2code, and based on these rows, delete rows from the first table, Im using views in order to retrieve and save this info.  p  pI successfully receives the data, but whenever I try to delete I get an error saying i fail a constraint, so I have to delete the row from wrote before I can delete from codepublicationcode, but then whenever I get to the deletion of the rows from codepublicationcode the query returns empty since its based on deleted info  p  pIs there a way I can create like a temp table which is not view and the data in it will be saved even if I will delete the info from the table I used to queryp  pHere is the full query  without creating a new table like i mentioned in the comment  p  precodecreate or replace view WritersPerPub as select wrote.ventitle as v2, wrote.pubtitle as p2, countpubtitle as NumOfWriters from wrote group by pubtitle,ventitle  create or replace view NathanWrote as select publication.ventitle as v1 , publication.pubtitle as p1 from publication,wrote where wrote.ventitle  publication.ventitle AND       wrote.pubtitle  publication.pubtitle AND       wrote.serialnumber     select serialnumber                                 from researcher as r                                 where r.firstname  Nathan AND r.surname  Keller  create or replace view WrittenOnlyByNathan as select NathanWrote.v1, NathanWrote.p1 from WritersPerPub, NathanWrote where WritersPerPub.p2  NathanWrote.p1 AND       WritersPerPub.v2  NathanWrote.v1 AND       WritersPerPub.NumOfWriters  1   Delete Nathan Keller from Wrote table delete from wrote where serialnumber  select r.serialnumber as rf1                         from  researcher as r                         where r.firstname  Nathan AND r.surname  Keller  delete from publication USING publication INNER JOIN WrittenOnlyByNathan  where publication.pubtitle  WrittenOnlyByNathan.p1 AND   publication.ventitle  WrittenOnlyByNathan.v1 codepre
Negative 325 pI have just started learning Ruby on Rails from pragmatic programmers Agile Web Development with Rails.p  pI have wrote a small application and when it runs I receive the following syntax error when I run itp  precodeUserscolinlabriDesktopdepotappmodelsproduct.rb2 syntax error, unexpected ,   expecting keywordend   attraccessible  title, description, imageurl, price                     UserscolinlabriDesktopdepotappmodelsproduct.rb2 syntax error, unexpected ,, expecting tCOLON2 or [ or .   attraccessible  title, description, imageurl, price                                           Rails.root UserscolinlabriDesktopdepot  Application Trace  Framework Trace  Full Trace  appcontrollersproductscontroller.rb1in lttop requiredgt codepre  pThe code for the DB is as followsp  precodeclass CreateProducts lt ActiveRecordMigration   def change     createtable products do t       t.string  title       t.text description       t.string imageurl       t.decimal price, precision 8, scale 2        t.timestamps     end   end end codepre  pVersions are as follow ruby 1.9.3p362 Rails 3.2.11p  pShould I be checking my sqlite installation and how sop
Negative 325 precodefrom  someonelseexample.com headers  From . from echo mail borutflis1gmail.com ,testmailfunction , Oj,headers codepre  pI have trouble sending email in PHP. I get an error codeSMTP server response 530 SMTP authentication is requiredcode.p  pI was under the impression that you can send email without SMTP to verify. I know that this mail will propably get filtered out, but that doesnt matter right now.p  precode[mail function]  For Win32 only.  httpphp.netsmtp SMTP  localhost  httpphp.netsmtpport smtpport  25   For Win32 only.  httpphp.netsendmailfrom sendmailfrom  someonelseexample.com codepre  pThis is the setup in the codephp.inicode file. How should I set up SMTP Are there any SMTP  servers that require no verification or must I setup a server myselfp
Negative 325 pIm struggling with using a hrefhttpmperham.github.comsidekiq relnofollowSidekiqa alongside the a hrefhttpgodrb.com relnofollowGod Gema. I would like to be able to start the sidekiq process manually, using codegod start sidekiqcode, however this fails to start the process. I can only get it to start the sidekiq process if I set w.keepalive commented out in the below code. p  pIm launching God using code god c .config.god D loglevel infocode, launching god in the foreground which gets me the following outputp  precodeI [20130122 174600]  INFO Started on drbunixtmpgod.17165.sock I [20130122 174600]  INFO sidekiq move unmonitored to up I [20130122 174600]  INFO sidekiq moved unmonitored to up codepre  pUsing codegod start sidekiqcode I getp  precodeSending start command  The following watches were affected   sidekiq codepre  pBut I get no output from God, nothing is written to sidekiqs log and I can clearly see no sidekiq process has started by using code ps auxwww  grep sidekiqcode.p  precode config.god  PROJECTROOT  ENV[PROJECTROOT]  File.dirnameFILE  Dir containing this file   Sidekiq Process  God.watch do w   w.name  sidekiq   w.group  conversion   w.dir  PROJECTROOT   w.interval  20.seconds   w.startgrace  10.seconds   w.restartgrace  10.seconds   w.behaviorcleanpidfile    w.keepalive   w.start  bundle exec sidekiq v C File.joinPROJECTROOT, config.yml   w.stop  bundle exec sidekiqctl stop Usersme.godpidssidekiq.pid 5    w.log  File.joinPROJECTROOT, loggodsidekiq.log  end codepre
Negative 325 pI have next button, by clicking on this button, i have to open next customer data in same dialog box, but i am not closing old dialog box in jquery. How can i p  precodeGetCustomerId.clickfunction GetCustomerDatacustno,arrow,indexno     var loc  window.location     var pathName  loc.pathname.substring0, loc.pathname.lastIndexOf  1     dialogCustomer,parent.document.dialog          autoOpen false,          height720,          width 1200,          modal true,          open function event, ui                 dialogCustomer.cssoverflow, hidden                event.target.parent.cssposition, absolute                event.target.parent.csstop, 0px                event.target.parent.cssleft, 85px                          .ajax           type POST,           url pathNameGetNextCustomerData.do,           dataindexnoindexno,custnocustno,arrowarrow,         beforeSendfunction             dialogCustomer,parent.document.htmlltdiv classloadinggtltimg srcimagesloadingbig.gif altLoading... gtltdivgt         ,         success functionresponse               dialogCustomer,parent.document.htmlresponse           ,           error functione               alertError   e                       dialogCustomer,parent.document.dialogopen  codepre
Negative 325 pI just started implementing my own vector class and im testing it with a simple file to check the time it takes to finish. One test took 230 minutes while the others took 90 and 29 seconds.p  pSomething is hitting the performance of this class. Can you help me trace the sourcep  pThe testp  precodeinclude MyVector.h  const unsigned int SIZEV 1000000 const unsigned int RUNS 10000  int main         MyVector vSIZEV        for unsigned int j0 jltRUNS j          for unsigned int i0 iltSIZEV i            v[i] i                        return 0  codepre  pThe classp  pMyVector.hp  precodeifndef MYVECTORH define MYVECTORH  class MyVector    public        MyVectorunsigned int size       MyVector        intamp operator[]unsigned int i   private       int data       unsigned int size       MyVectorconst MyVectoramp       MyVectoramp operatorconst MyVectoramp   endif codepre  pMyVector.cppp  precodeinclude MyVector.h include ltassert.hgt  MyVectorMyVectorunsigned int size  datanew int[size]    MyVectorMyVector        delete[] data   intamp MyVectoroperator[]unsigned int i        assertiltsize       return data[i]  codepre  pstrongEDITstrongp  pThese are the test resultsp  precodegranularity each sample hit covers 4 bytes for 0.04 of 27.09 seconds  index  time    self  children    called     name                                                  ltspontaneousgt [1]    100.0   12.51   14.58                 main [1]                11.28    0.00 14100654081410065408     MyVectoroperator[]unsigned int [2]                 3.31    0.00       11           MyVectorMyVector [3]                 0.00    0.00       11           MyVectorMyVectorunsigned int [7]                 11.28    0.00 14100654081410065408     main [1] [2]     41.6   11.28    0.00 1410065408         MyVectoroperator[]unsigned int [2]                  3.31    0.00       11           main [1] [3]     12.2    3.31    0.00       1         MyVectorMyVector [3]                  0.00    0.00       11           main [1] [7]      0.0    0.00    0.00       1         MyVectorMyVectorunsigned int [7]  codepre
Negative 325 pI am little bit confuse about rules method in yii framework. Here is a rules function from sample blog application. p  precodepublic function rules       NOTE you should only define rules for those attributes that      will receive user inputs.     return array         arraytitle, content, status, authorid, required,         arraystatus, createtime, updatetime, authorid, numerical, integerOnlygttrue,         arraytitle, length, maxgt128,         arraytags, safe,          The following rule is used by search.          Please remove those attributes that should not be searched.         arrayid, title, content, tags, status, createtime, updatetime, authorid, safe, ongtsearch,       codepre  ul liWhy we need this method in our classli liHow to use it effectivelyli liWhere does it help us In validating forms li liAny one can explain HOW it worksli ul  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to evaluate a value from a powershell command for a SQL Agent setting on a clustered server using powershell. I am very new to Powershell but we want to set up a monitor to make sure that all of our Windows Server 2008 r2 clusters have this setting correct. p  pI did find the setting in question by using the following at a PS prompt...p  precodecluster resource SQL Server Agent prop  RestartAction codepre  pThe issue is I would like it to return just the number either 1 or 10x1 would be fine under the Value column in the following output.p  precodeListing properties for SQL Server Agent  T  Resource             Name                           Value     D  SQL Server Agent     RestartAction                  1 0x1 codepre  pBecause this will be a monitor I need to be able to evaluate if the Value is  1 or not and then report when it isnt. If I could get the powershell to just return the simple value I can do the rest of setting up the monitor in TSQL. p  pI have been scouring the internet trying to find an answer but everything has to do with cmdlets and functions and all I want is the windows server value to be returned. Maybe it is not really that simple but I wanted to check before going down a long scripting venture. p  pI appreciate any help, thanksp
Negative 325 pId like to create an onfocus function to my input fields in a form. Im working with a drag and drop landing page wizardin Marketo therefore I dont have access to the HTML tags.p  pI tried to do use getElementById and it worked only on the first field. I also tried the followingp  precodeltscriptgt var input  document.getElementsByTagNameinput[0] input.onfocus  function       this.value     ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 325 pI have a Dictionary, which contains data like sop  precodekey     Value UK01    Building 1 UK02    Building 2 codepre  pI have a textbox in which data is populated like thisp  precodeforeach var building in dictionary      listbox1.Items.Addbuilding.Value  codepre  pThis then displays codeBuilding 1 Building 2, ...codep  pProblemp  pWhat I want to do is so that when the codeSelectionChangedcode is triggered, I can access the KeyValue for the option that has been selected and store these as variables which I can use later on. Currently I can only get the item selected, i.e Building 1 or I can get the codeSelectedIndedcodebut this only gives me 1, 2, .. And I understand why.p  pIs it therefore possible elegantly so that the keyvalue can be accessed without displaying the key I have tried to use a classp  precode public class Test       public ID  get set      public value  get set     codepre  pBut this did not work. Does anyone have any suggestionsp  pThank you p
Negative 325 pI have a portfolio section I am building on a page that displays a thumbnail of an image. I also have a hidden div that contains information about the portfolio project that I would like to show when a user mouses over the thumbnail.p  pHere is the HTMLp  precodeltdiv classportfoliogt     lta hrefgtltimg srcphotoswork2.jpg altwork1 width181 height180gtltagt     ltdiv classportfoliooverlay styledisplaynonegt         ltp classclientnamegtEncore Azalealtpgt         ltdiv classwhitelinegtltdivgt         ltp classservicesgtwebsite redesign ltbr gtmobile site launchltpgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pHere is the jQueryp  precodeltscriptgt .portfolio a.hoverfunction   .portfoliooverlay.toggleslow  ltscriptgt codepre  pMy intent is to display .portfoliooverlay when you mouse over the image and hide it when you mouse out. p  pI know there is something missing with the jQuery but, if I knew what it was, I wouldnt be posting this you know how it goes.p  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pstrongCasestrongp  pI was searching the web for resizing the iframe based on its content iframe and the page hosting are from the same domain. What I found as the possible working solution is to call a function of parent window from iframe sending the size to set height for the iframe. That is simple to implement.p  pstrongProblemstrongp  pThe problem now is that the page loading inside iframe is AJAX intensive and is dependent on users interaction on the page. The height can increase or decrease relative to users actions note that height only changes on user interaction and not randomly or automatically. Now I want to trigger a function when the height of body of page inside iframe changes the height. This would help me to resize the iframe every time the height changes inside it.p  pstrongPossible Solutionsstrongp  pI tried usingp  precodejQuerydocument.readyfunction     document.body.watchclientHeight, functionproperty, oldHeight, newHeight          alertNew Height   newHeight       codepre  pbut the function never triggers. Even I get it to work, from what I found on internet, it does not work on IE. I want a solution that atleast works for IE8.p  pAnother possible solution was to watch the users interaction on the events that could cause the change of height. But that would be really inefficient as there are alot of such events that could cause height changes.p  pSo what is the best way to go around itp  pRegardsp  pJehanzebp
Negative 325 precodeifissetPOST[update]  retsloginurl  Fetch[retsurl] retsusername  Fetch[retsuser] retspassword  Fetch[retspass] requireonce..includephrets.php rets  new phRETS  connect  retsgtConnectretsloginurl, retsusername, retspassword search  retsgtSearchQueryProperty,ResidentialProperty,StatusA, array Count gt 1, Format gt COMPACT, Limit gt 1000, Offset gt 2    ins  upd  0 while listing  retsgtFetchRowsearch   extractlisting         photos  retsgtGetObjectProperty, Photo, listing[Mlnum]         totimage  0             foreach photos as photo                           listing  photo[ContentID]             number  photo[ObjectID]                 if photo[Success]  true                                   fileputcontents....retsimagesimagelistingnumber.jpg, photo[Data]                                  else                                    echo listingnumber photo[ReplyCode]  photo[ReplyText]n                                totimage                sql  SELECT  FROM .RETS. WHERE mls  Mlnum  run  mysqlquerysql  num  mysqlnumrowsrun      ifnum            sql  INSERT INTO .RETS. id, status, address, description, bath, bed, street, country, extra, Municipality, zip, mls, broker, salelease, lotprice, buildyear, sqft,totimage,acres,addlmofee,addr,ac,allinc,yrbuilt,aptnum,area,areacode,tv,assyear,bsmt1out,bsmt2out,br,brplus,cable,cacinc,centralvac,comelinc,community,communitycode,crossst,dispaddr,drive,elevator,constr1out,constr2out,denfr,farmagri,fplnum,comppts,furnished,garspaces,gartype,heatinc,fuel,heating,hydroinc,idxdt,numkit,kitplus,laundry,laundrylev,legaldesc,level1,level10,level11,level12,level2,level3,level4,level5,level6,level7,level8,level9,lpdol,depth,frontft,irreg,lotszcode,mmappage,mmapcol,mmaprow,municipalitydistrict,municipalitycode,othstruc1out,othstruc2out,outofarea,parkchgs,prkginc,parkspcs,parcelid,pixupdt,pool,pvtent,propfeat1out,propfeat2out,propfeat3out,propfeat4out,propfeat5out,propfeat6out,adtext,retirement,rm1out,rm1dc1out,rm1dc2out,rm1dc3out,rm1len,rm1wth,rm10out,rm10dc1out,rm10dc2out,rm10dc3out,rm10len,rm10wth,rm11out,rm11dc1out,rm11dc2out,rm11dc3out,rm11len,rm11wth,rm12out,rm12dc1out,rm12dc2out,rm12dc3out,rm12len,rm12wth,rm2out,rm2dc1out,rm2dc2out,rm2dc3out,rm2len,rm2wth,rm3out,rm3dc1out,rm3dc2out,rm3dc3out,rm3len,rm3wth,rm4out,rm4dc1out,rm4dc2out,rm4dc3out,rm4len,rm4wth,rm5out,rm5dc1out,rm5dc2out,rm5dc3out,rm5len,rm5wth,rm6out,rm6dc1out,rm6dc2out,rm6dc3out,rm6len,rm6wth,rm7out,rm7dc1out,rm7dc2out,rm7dc3out,rm7len,rm7wth,rm8out,rm8dc1out,rm8dc2out,rm8dc3out,rm8len,rm8wth,rm9out,rm9dc1out,rm9dc2out,rm9dc3out,rm9len,rm9wth,rms,roomsplus,sr,vendpis,sewer,specdes1out,specdes2out,specdes3out,specdes4out,specdes5out,specdes6out,stnum,stsfx,stdir,st,style,yr,taxes,typeownsrch,typeown1out,uffi,timestampsql,utilcable,gas,elec,utiltel,bathtot,wclosett1,wclosett1lvl,wclosett2,wclosetp2,wclosett2lvl,wclosett3,wclosetp3,wclosett3lvl,wclosett4,wclosetp4,wclosett4lvl,wclosett5,wclosetp5,wclosett5lvl,water,waterinc,wtrsuptyp,waterfront,zoning      VALUES NULL, Active, Addr, Adtext, Bathtot, Br, St, County, Extras, Municipality, Zip, Mlnum, Rltr, Sr, Lpdol, Yrbuilt, Sqft,totimage,Acres,Addlmofee,Addr,Area,Areacode,Allinc,Yrbuilt,Aptnum,Area,Areacode,Tv,Assyear,Bsmt1out,Bsmt2out,Br,Brplus,Cable,Cacinc,Centralvac,Comelinc,Community,Communitycode,Crossst,Dispaddr,Drive,Elevator,Constr1out,Constr2out,Denfr,Farmagri,Fplnum,Comppts,Furnished,Garspaces,Gartype,Heatinc,Fuel,Heating,Hydroinc,Idxdt,Numkit,Kitplus,Laundry,Laundrylev,Legaldesc,Level1,Level10,Level11,Level12,Level2,Level3,Level4,Level5,Level6,Level7,Level8,Level9,Lpdol,Depth,Frontft,Irreg,Lotszcode,Mmappage,Mmapcol,Mmaprow,Municipalitydistrict,Municipalitycode,Othstruc1out,Othstruc2out,Outofarea,Parkchgs,Prkginc,Parkspcs,Parcelid,Pixupdt,Pool,Pvtent,Propfeat1out,Propfeat2out,Propfeat3out,Propfeat4out,Propfeat5out,Propfeat6out,Adtext,Retirement,Rm1out,Rm1dc1out,Rm1dc2out,Rm1dc3out,Rm1len,Rm1wth,Rm10out,Rm10dc1out,Rm10dc2out,Rm10dc3out,Rm10len,Rm10wth,Rm11out,Rm11dc1out,Rm11dc2out,Rm11dc3out,Rm11len,Rm11wth,Rm12out,Rm12dc1out,Rm12dc2out,Rm12dc3out,Rm12len,Rm12wth,Rm2out,Rm2dc1out,Rm2dc2out,Rm2dc3out,Rm2len,Rm2wth,Rm3out,Rm3dc1out,Rm3dc2out,Rm3dc3out,Rm3len,Rm3wth,Rm4out,Rm4dc1out,Rm4dc2out,Rm4dc3out,Rm4len,Rm4wth,Rm5out,Rm5dc1out,Rm5dc2out,Rm5dc3out,Rm5len,Rm5wth,Rm6out,Rm6dc1out,Rm6dc2out,Rm6dc3out,Rm6len,Rm6wth,Rm7out,Rm7dc1out,Rm7dc2out,Rm7dc3out,Rm7len,Rm7wth,Rm8out,Rm8dc1out,Rm8dc2out,Rm8dc3out,Rm8len,Rm8wth,Rm9out,Rm9dc1out,Rm9dc2out,Rm9dc3out,Rm9len,Rm9wth,Rms,Roomsplus,Sr,Vendpis,Sewer,Specdes1out,Specdes2out,Specdes3out,Specdes4out,Specdes5out,Specdes6out,Stnum,Stsfx,Stdir,St,Style,Yr,Taxes,Typeownsrch,Typeown1out,Uffi,Timestampsql,Utilcable,Gas,Elec,Utiltel,Bathtot,Wclosett1,Wclosett1lvl,Wclosett2,Wclosetp2,Wclosett2lvl,Wclosett3,Wclosetp3,Wclosett3lvl,Wclosett4,Wclosetp4,Wclosett4lvl,Wclosett5,Wclosetp5,Water,Waterinc,Wtrsuptyp,Waterfront,Zoning      ins            else                sql  UPDATE .RETS. SET address  Addr, description  Adtext, bath  Bathtot, bed  Br, street  St, country  County, extra  Extras, Municipality  Municipality, zip  Zip, mls  Mlnum, broker  Rltr, salelease  Sr, lotprice  Lpdol, buildyear  Yrbuilt, sqft  Sqft, totimage  totimage WHERE mls  Mlnum       upd           mysqlquerysql or diemysqlerror codepre  pThis is my code to get and insert the Prosperitys from RETS server , it have more than 200 Fields, and may be there is more than 3000 records to get, so while run this query from my local it doesnt insert into my tables, i know there is no error with the query  and RETS connect, how to make a loop as long as possible  until insert all the records  p
Negative 325 pWondering if theres any way to use an excel macro to determine if theres color in a pdf. Ive browsed many of the Adobe object libraries in VBA and had no luck. Theres all sorts of other options, getnumpages, get annotation color, etc. but I cant find anything similar with color for the whole page. p  pThe only option I know of determine it in Acrobat is to use Preflight. There doesnt appear to be any sort of object library in VBA that interacts with Preflight at all. There might be another way Either way, rather esoteric problem. Havent had much looking up a whole lot of related documentation on the internet. Was hoping someone might have an idea here, crazy or not. p
Negative 325 pI am trying to create a PEM file programmatically from a Certificate Signing Request using ObjectiveC and the OpenSSL library in an iPhone app. I have generated the CSR of type X509REQ  by following Adria Navarros answer to this questionp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions13456237generatinganopensslcertificatesigningrequestinioswithkeychainstoredkeGenerating an OpenSSL Certificate Signing Request in iOS with Keychain stored keysap  pIve confirmed that the CSR is valid by printing it out to the console.p  pBelow is my code for creating the PEM file CertificateSigningRequest.pem. It ends up creating a blank file 0 bytes and no text. Am I doing something wrong, such that it is not able to write to the file via PEMwriteX509REQ Note that Im checking the file by downloading the app folder via Organizer.p  pThanks in advance for any help you can provide, and let me know if I should provide additional info.p  precode voidcreatePemFileWithCertificateSigningRequestX509REQ certSigningRequest      delete existing PEM file if there is one     [self deletePemFile]      create empty PEM file     NSString pemFilePath  [self pemFilePath]     if [[NSFileManager defaultManager] createFileAtPathpemFilePath contentsnil attributesnil]              NSLogError creating file for PEM         UIAlertView alertView  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitleError creating file for PEM message[NSString stringWithFormatCould not create file at the following locationnn, pemFilePath] delegatenil cancelButtonTitleOK otherButtonTitlesnil]         [alertView show]         return           get a FILE struct for the PEM file     NSFileHandle outputFileHandle  [NSFileHandle fileHandleForWritingAtPathpemFilePath]     FILE pemFile  fdopen[outputFileHandle fileDescriptor], w      write the CSR to the PEM file     PEMwriteX509REQpemFile, certSigningRequest    NSString pemFilePath      NSString documentsFolder  [NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory, NSUserDomainMask, YES objectAtIndex0]     return [documentsFolder stringByAppendingPathComponentCertificateSigningRequest.pem]  codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying this simple C program to divide a number..p  precodevoid main   int i,j,k  i00126  j2  kij  printfd,k   codepre  pIt shows output as 43 instead of 63.. If I put another 0 as p  precodei000126 codepre  pnow Im receiving error as Illegal octal digit.p  pIf Im tryingp  precodei00000001000  codepre  pit doesnt show any error and gives result as 256..I couldnt understand about this unexpected output. Can any one say why it produces outputs like thisp  pClear explanation will be appreciated.p  pEdit If I triedp  precode int i,j,k  i1000  j0002  kij  printfd,k which gives 500 as result codepre
Negative 325 pim pretty new to MVC and have some problem with Linq, i think the soulotion would be pretty simple. p  pI have a table in a database with the following variablesp  pName  stringp  pValue  floatp  pTime Datetimep  pNow i want to make a specific name into two arrays, one containing the Values and the other one the Time so it will be easy to plot. I have made a controller where i have manage to access the database and get the specific name out with this codep  precode        var Names  db.Graphs                         .Wherer gt r.Name.ContainsName                                      string.IsNullOrEmptyName                         .Take10 codepre  pBut im completely stuck on how to itterate through the database, get two arrays and send it to the View where i have my Highchartplot.p  pJavascriptp  precode  series [             name NameOn,             data [23.3, 18.3, 13.9, 9.6]   lt Where i want to insert my data         ] codepre  pAny idea on how to retrive the datap
Negative 325 pI want to user my c code in a androidopencvndk project. When I paste the files into the jni folder and open them, the compiler gives me invalid argument errors for functions like substr or fwrite.p  pAn examplep  precodeinclude ltstringgt include ltvectorgt using namespace std using namespace cv ... stdstring strWe think in generalities, but we live in details.    stdstring str2  str.substr 12,12    codepre  pdoes the compiler quit for substr withp  blockquote   pInvalid arguments  Candidates are   stdbasicstring,stdallocator substr,  p blockquote  pI obviously doing something wrong Im using OpenCV 2.4.3.2 for Android and CC Dev. Tools 8.1.1 for Eclipse.p
Negative 325 pI want the program to read codeVLC Move on endcodep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com630H1.png altap  pIve modified my Assembly Info to the following, to no availp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com8IHXk.png altap  pHow can I alter the name displayed in the Open With dialogp
Negative 325 pThis question is related to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2285533findthefirstunrepeatedcharacterinastringFind the first unrepeated character in a stringa in which input is character array and we can take hash of size 256.p  pBut what if,p  ul lipthe elements in the array are integers of wide range, hash can be extremely costly.pli lipthe array contains heterogeneous elements, integers or characters, then how can hash tackle this.pli ul  pwe can use bruteforce method of scanning entire array for each element but in worst case it takes On.p  pAny other ideasp
Negative 325 pI know with iOS you need to generate a different key for the different environments.  Is this the same for android with google cloud messagingp  pIm about ready to launch my app and just need to know if I need to update my key to a production key vs the key Ive been developing and testing with.p
Negative 325 pCan I assume clientside performance characteristics javascript, css, memory to be the same for a local web app e.g. phonegap and a remote web app e.g. mobile browserp
Negative 325 pI have a program that I have written and am trying to create an about box for.  I recently updated my programs product version to 1.00.0003 and I want this to be reflected in the about window.  The default setup of the aboutBox shows a value of 1.0.0.0, which is the strongassemblystrong version, not the strongproductstrong version.  I have since been scouring the internet to find how to get the strongproductstrong version to be shown.  I have tried all of thesep  precode     Assembly assembly  Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly         FileVersionInfo fileVersionInfo  FileVersionInfo.GetVersionInfoassembly.Location         string version  fileVersionInfo.ProductVersion          Debug.WriteLineversion         Debug.WriteLineassembly.GetName.Version         string v  VersionNumber         Debug.WriteLinev         Debug.WriteLine fileVersionInfo.FileVersion         Debug.WriteLineApplication.ProductVersion         Debug.WriteLineAssemblyProductVersion           Assembly assembly2  Assembly.GetEntryAssembly         FileVersionInfo fileVersionInfo2  FileVersionInfo.GetVersionInfoassembly.Location         string version2  fileVersionInfo2.ProductVersion         Debug.WriteLineversion2         Debug.WriteLineassembly2.GetName.Version           return version   private string ourVersion  Version v private string VersionNumber      get              System.Reflection.Assembly assemblyInfo          System.Reflection.Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly         if System.Deployment.Application.ApplicationDeployment.IsNetworkDeployed             ourVersion  ApplicationDeployment.CurrentDeployment.CurrentVersion.ToString         else                      if assemblyInfo  null                 ourVersion  assemblyInfo.GetName.Version.ToString                  return ourVersion            private static string AssemblyProductVersion              get                      object[] attributes  Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly                 .GetCustomAttributestypeofAssemblyInformationalVersionAttribute, false             return attributes.Length  0                                    AssemblyInformationalVersionAttributeattributes[0].InformationalVersion               codepre  pEvery single one of these returns 1.0.0.0 yes I did look for their output in the console, not what was actually displayed, instead 1.00.0003 like I need.  The product version is set in the General Information tab of the Installshield setup.  When it is installed, going to Programs and Features shows a Product Version of 1.00.0003, so I cannot figure out why this is so hard to programmatically retrieve this value.  Any ideasp
Negative 325 pI am following the Phonegap Android getting started guide a hrefhttpdocs.phonegap.comen2.4.0guidegettingstartedandroidindex.md.htmlGetting20Started20with20Android relnofollowhttpdocs.phonegap.comen2.4.0guidegettingstartedandroidindex.md.htmlGetting20Started20with20Androidap  pAfter a lot of fiddling, I have got everything running with the following versions Phonegap 2.4 Android SDK tools 21.1 Android SDK platform tools 16.0.1 Android SDK Platform 4.2p  pWhen I run the app in the emulator via Eclipse, it launches but shows the flashing Android logo. If I rightclick the project and run again, the console shows the app is installing and launched. However, the android logo remains.p  pConsole logp  precode[20130221 022716  testapp] Waiting for HOME android.process.acore to be launched... [20130221 022804  testapp]  [20130221 022804  testapp] Android Launch [20130221 022804  testapp] adb is running normally. [20130221 022804  testapp] Performing com.rb.testapp.testapp activity launch [20130221 022805  testapp] Automatic Target Mode using existing emulator emulator5554 running compatible AVD test [20130221 022805  testapp] Uploading testapp.apk onto device emulator5554 [20130221 022845  testapp] Installing testapp.apk... [20130221 022904  testapp] Success [20130221 022905  testapp] Starting activity com.rb.testapp.testapp on device emulator5554 codepre  pIf I run the app from the command line cordovarun.bat. The Emulator launches with a blank screen. The console reports the app is installed and launching.p  pIm guessing theres a problem with the version of the emulator im running. My CPU does not support virtualisation. Is there any way to get this runningp  pMany thanks.p
Negative 325 pI have an old project, with a large amount of files, which I want to use as the base for a new project.p  pI need to change workspace, project paths and some files names.p  pI did some of it, but still get files on old paths especially in target compile source.p  pWhat are the steps I need to do to convert to a new project, with new name p
Negative 325 pI made an application something like Google Maps and I added a textbox field to which debugging data were written of course I meant to remove it afterwards. The interesting fact is that after it was full lets say several kilobytes  the whole program slowed down significantly and needed to be exited because one could not work with it.p  pCould you please explain p
Negative 325 pThis is my first question so please bear with me, Im trying to find a good compiler to parse the following a hrefhttpwww.3gpp.orgftpSpecsarchive29series29.002ASN.1 relnofollowstandarda, Ive tried asn1c and I wasnt able compile it successfully, the problem is that I didnt get any error, I tried with P and there was no output, this is what I did p  psn1c MAPShortMessageServiceOperations.EXP Pp  pThe files in the link have been generated by SIEMENS and for some reason they are not the standard ASN.1p  pThe question is how can I compile all these ASN files with asn1c or any other asn compiler p  pand also Ive tried snacc and didnt get anything useful from it either.p  pIm trying to write a C application that will be running on Redhat Linuxp
Negative 325 pI have several methods that Im calling for some cases like Add, Delete, etc... However over time the number of cases is increasing and my switchcase is getting longer. So I thought Id create a map of methods, like a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6769020gomapoffunctionsGo map of functionsa here the mapping of emfunctionsem is trivial. However, is it possible to create a map of emmethodsem in Gop  pWhen we have a methodp  precodefunc f Foo Adda string, b int   codepre  pThe syntax below create compiletime errorp  precodeactions  map[string]funca, b         add f.Adda,b,  codepre  pIs it possible to create a map of methods in Gop
Negative 325 pI need help with two things.  First if I hit empty submit button. It should show me a error. Second If there is 0 results, it will give an error.p  precodedocument.readyfunction     .search.clickfunction         .postsearch.php,  keywords .keywords.val , functiondata             divsearch.empty             .eachdata, function                 divsearch.append lta hrefid  this.id  gt  this.title  ltagtltbrgt                      , json       codepre  pp  precodequery  dbgtprepareSELECT media.id, media.title FROM media WHERE media.title LIKE keywords  keywords  issetPOST[keywords]  true  POST[keywords]    if emptykeywords  true      error  error     echo jsonencode error   else      querygtbindValuekeywords,  . keywords . , PDOPARAMSTR     arr  array     querygtexecute     while row  querygtfetchPDOFETCHASSOC           arr[]  array id gt row[id], title gt row[title]          echo jsonencode arr   codepre
Negative 325 pi am writing a hebrew webpage and i need to create a form, the thing is that i need the cells to start from right to left and not from left to right as the default, so when i press the tab button it will go to the left. i tried the floatright css attribute in the table and tr td but nothing seems to help, when i finally managed changing the cell order all the cells were pressed together. anyone can please help me specifying the right attributes i need to write.p  pthank in advance to all the helpers.p
Negative 325 pi read about codevclickcode and codeclickcode. codevclickcode is faster then click in jQuery Mobile. So i will want to  use codevclickcode but i am confuse that vclick is worked or not in codejQuery mobile 1.3.0code p  pI also want to know that what is code.mobile.useFastClick  falsecode is this work in codejQuery mobile 1.3.0codep
Negative 325 pI have problem, Im using MWFeedParser Rss reader in my iOS aplication and it works good, but I need to fetch there images from my feed. Can you help me please p  pa hrefhttpsgithub.commwaterfallMWFeedParser relnofollowHere is url of that MWFeedParser project GitHubap  pThanks a lot, p  pStevep
Negative 325 pI am using SDONN operator to find the nearest hydrant next to a building.p  pBuildingp  precodeCREATE TABLE  BUILDINGS      NAME VARCHAR240,  SHAPE SDOGEOMETRY  codepre  pHydrantp  precodeCREATE TABLE  HYDRANTS         NAME VARCHAR210,  POINT SDOPOINTTYPE    codepre  pI have setup spatial indexes properly for buildings.shape and I run the query to get the nearest hydrant to the building Motel    p  precodeselect b1.name as name, h.point.x as x, h.point.y as y  from buildings b1, hydrants h where  b1.name Motel  and                     SDOnn b1.shape, MDSYS.SDOGEOMETRY2003,NULL, NULL,SDOELEMINFOARRAY1,1003,1,                             SDOORDINATEARRAY h.point.x,h.point.y, sdonumres1 TRUE codepre  pbTheres the problembp  pWhen I set the parameteri sdonumres1i, I get zero tuples. And when I make  sdonumres2, I get one tuple.p  pWhat is the reason for the weird behavior  p  pNote I am getting zero rows only when building.name Motel, for all other tuples I am getting 1 row when sdonumres  1p  pEdit Insert queriesp  precodeInsert into buildings NAME,SHAPE values Motel,MDSYS.SDOGEOMETRY2003,NULL,NULL,MDSYS.SDOELEMINFOARRAY1,1003,1,MDSYS.SDOORDINATEARRAY564,425,585,436,573,458,552,447  Insert into hydrants  name,POINT values p57,MDSYS.SDOPOINTTYPE589,448,0 codepre
Negative 325 pI am making a scrabble app and i want to make make a system where players can view their scores along with names. The scores should be arranged from highest to lowest. the output should look like this       strongNamestrong    strongScorestrongp  precodeKathy   150 Charm   140 Albert  130 Arvin   120 Angelo  110 codepre  pI am trying to do this using array and I am having a hard time making this work.p  precodeint score[] new int[4]         score[0] 120         score[1] 130         score[2] 140         score[3] 150          String names[]  new String[4]         names[0] albert         names[1] arvin         names[2] charm         names[3] kathy          Player[] players  new Player[names.length]         forint i  0 i lt names.length i              players[i]  new Playernames[i], score[i]              show.setTextCharSequence players[i]                    Arrays.sortplayers, new PlayerComparator      class PlayerComparator implements ComparatorltPlayergt   public int comparePlayer p1, Player p2      return p1.getScore lt p2.getScore  1              p1.getScore gt p2.getScore  1  0     public class Player   private String name  private int score  public PlayerString name, int score      this.name  name     this.score  score   public String getName      return name   public int getScore      return score   public String toString      return name  name   score  score  codepre  pp  pCan anyone please help me on what to use and guide me to achieve this goal thank you very much in advance.p
Negative 325 pI have this markupp  precode    ltdiv classimgcontainergt         ltimg srcfilelocalhostimgabg.jpeg altabg gt     ltdivgt codepre  pHow can I apply the width and height of the image to the imgcontainer p  pstrongThe image is on position absolutestrongp
Negative 325 pIm reading content from two files, now I want to test that content with my expected string. p  precodestring read1  File.ReadAllTextCsomefile.txt string read2  File.ReadAllTextCsomefilee.txt  string expectedString  blah  Assert.AreEqualread1 and read2 equals expected  codepre  pI know this is basic but Im kinda stuck here.p
Negative 325 pI have a code with the following structurep  precodeaaabbbltcccgt cccfuncnametype1 arg1, type2 arg2     something1    aaabbbltcccgt objnamevariable    something2  codepre  pIt looks similar to function templates but in function templates we should put codetemplate ltclass classnamegtcode before the method.p
Negative 325 pI am working on a swing application, and i want to add a functionality and i dont know how to do it. A part of my main frame contains a panel, which contains buttons to access other frames, and i want to add some enhancements to it, this is the picture of the panelp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhCaCB.png altenter image description herep  pAnd the functionality that i want to add is, when i click on the strongAppel doffrestrong button, i want it to list a list of the other buttons, in other words i want to group all the buttons in one. i looked for an example to make it clear, here is a photo of Sage softwarep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1bPP3.png altenter image description herep  pSo how am i suppose to do it, what is the components that i have to add to make it work i hope that i clarified my question.p
Negative 325 pId like to submit the update form with javascript.  I made them as followsp  precodeltformform idupdate methodpost actionprofileupdateunamegt ltformformgt codepre  pI add this below on top menu. p  precodeltbutton typesubmit classsavegtltbuttongt codepre  pI want to submit this update form through save button within top menu which is not included in form.  How can I submit this form with javascript at outside of formp
Negative 325 pMy singleton class  implements a interface and in future I can expect many concrete implementation to come out . I am thinking of creating an instance of this class through factory method. factory method may be overloaded . My question is how good or bad this idea is p
Negative 325 pOverlooking the weak security provided by DES, Im looking for a C implementation of the Unix crypt function that uses classesmethods in the .net frameworks Cryptography namespace.p  pI found this a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comArticles9183ACimplementationofUnixcrypt relnofollowhttpwww.codeproject.comArticles9183ACimplementationofUnixcryptap  pBut Im wondering if theres a shorter solution using codeDESCryptoServiceProvidercode, etc.p
Negative 325 pI have been trying for a couple of days to figure out how to get a chart to layout similar to the one at the following linkp  precodehttpdemos.azimuth1.comsmartdata2 codepre  pDoes anyone know if it is possible to get a chart to look like this and perhaps the settings I should be looking atp  pleep
Negative 325 pI have a Progress Database OpenEdge 10.2A and we have SQL Server 2008R2. Now my requirement is to look for a tool that can do the database synchronization between these two databases mentioned above. p  pKey features required arep  ol liData sync should be bi directional.li liIf one system is down then it should have the capability to store the updated data in itself, may be in form of message queue or something and then send to the destination when it is up.li liTool should be able to pick up the changes from the source as when any DML or DDL changes are done to the source system.li liIt should have the capability for the schedule data synchronization i.e. every schedule time the data sync should happen.li ol  pCould you please advise me what approach or any tool available in the market which could help in thisp
Negative 325 pIm having a heck of a time troubleshooting a little canvas element for touch events on Win8 specifically the Surface tablet. Apparently it works with the mouse or the stylus, but not with touch. I dont have access to a Win8 touch device to test with, so Im trying to research this and not coming up with anything definitive.p  pThis is the actual page using a temporary URL so the site doesnt live on in infamy in the Stack Overflow archives, lol a hrefhttpwww.urlgone.come8e1c2 relnofollowhttpwww.urlgone.come8e1c2ap  pThe easiest fix appeared to be adding MSPointerDown into the jQuery on function, but the client indicated no change in behavior.p  pI guess my question is, does jQuery recognize MSPointerDown as an event If it does, then my problem is probably not the function trigger, but something else... p  pOr could it be in targeting a canvas object Im using the Kinetic.js library, and this is my first time working with canvas animations. p  pEDIT I think I was posting the wrong code in here, so this is where Im at with it now. p  pSo, the object that is getting the touchclickpointer events is thisp  precode        var triangle  new Kinetic.Image             image images[key],             x tri.x,             y tri.y,             detectionType pixel          codepre  pAnd this is how Im trying to trigger it. For normal click events, Im seeing that using jQuerys .on to bind it works fine, but I get emUncaught TypeError Object  has no method addEventListenerem when I try to use addEventListener on the triangle for normal clicks. p  precode            triangle.onmousedown touchstart click, activateTriangle                           I popped this in here to see if it would work, assuming that if it               doesnt work for clicks, it wont work for pointer events.              This gives me the error,               Uncaught TypeError Object ltObjectgt has no method addEventListener              triangle.addEventListenerclick,function                 window.console ampamp console.logclick event                           And heres what I get for trying to iterate through it              Uncaught TypeError Object ltObjectgt has no method addEventListener wealthmanagement.php305               anonymous function wealthmanagement.php305               e.extend.each jquery1.7.2.min.js2               e.fn.e.each jquery1.7.2.min.js2               anonymous function wealthmanagement.php304               initStage wealthmanagement.php318               images.anonymous function.onload             triangle.eachfunction                 this.addEventListenerclick,function                     window.console ampamp console.loghi                                                       Try for IE10 Touch                          if window.navigator.msPointerEnabled                  window.console ampamp console.logmsPointerEnabled                  click to correct info window                 triangle.onMSPointerDown,activateTriangle                  triangle.addEventListenerMSPointerDown, activateTriangle, false             codepre  pIf I can get addEventListener to work with click, which I can test without a Win8 touch device, Im assuming that the addEventListener with MSPointerDown will also work. Does that sound about right How can I attach an eventListener to a Kinetic.js objectp  pemstrongEDITemstrongp  pI couldnt get it working, so instead I have an imagemap of the canvas element that is substituted after a browser check for IE8 or MSPointerDown. So, ironically, the canvas element will work in IE9 but not IE10. Oh well.p
Negative 325 pI need to change a image widthp  poriginal image like the first line belowp  pimg srchttpi.imgur.comEAvqpMY.png altFigurep  pbut when I change the width it keeps the ratio resize the original imagep  pI need to do something like the third imagep  pcan change the width and dont modify original imagep  pHow can I do this through Java or XML in androidp  pxml codep  precodeltImageView     androidididfill     androidlayoutwidth150dp     androidlayoutheight32dp     androidlayoutalignLeftidBGfill     androidlayoutcenterVerticaltruegt codepre
Negative 325 pI dont understand something silly in Java and was hoping you could clear it up for me.p  pI have defined codeHashsetltPointgt myHashSet  new HashSetltPointgtcode p  pThen, I create two equal Point points, codePoint p1 and Point p2code, and put them in different variablesmemory locations. Then I override the .equals method for codepublic boolean equalsPoint othercode and added my first point, p1, to the HashSet.p  pThen I call codeSystem.out.printlnmyHashSet.containsp2  prints falsecodep  pWhy can the compiler not infer Oh, this hashset is of type Point from the  when it is being created and say I should check to see if Point has overridden the default equals method...yup, lets call that one.p  pInstead, I believe it calls the generic equals method for objects, thus comparing memory location, I believe p  pIs the reasoning for this simply that the HashSet could contain a subclass of Point which uses a different Equals method  This is the only reason I can see for the current behaviour, though I am sure I am overlooking something . Thanks a lot.p
Negative 325 pPlease try the code below, what is doing is downloading some data from the surface of a webpage, but I need it to work automatically and the proble appears when opening the Excel, the popup window. Is there any way to get rid of it automatically pressing ENABLEp  precodePrivate Declare Function URLDownloadToFile Lib urlmon Alias URLDownloadToFileA  ByVal pCaller As Long,  ByVal szURL As String,  ByVal szFileName As String,  ByVal dwReserved As Long,  ByVal lpfnCB As Long As Long  Sub DownPDF  This macro downloads the pdf file from webpage  Need to download MSXML2 and MSHTML parsers and install Application.OnTime Now  TimeValue000110, DownPDF Dim sUrl As String Dim xHttp As MSXML2.XMLHTTP Dim hDoc As MSHTML.HTMLDocument Dim hAnchor As MSHTML.HTMLAnchorElement Dim Ret As Long Dim sPath As String Dim i As Long  sPath  CDocuments and Settingsee28118DesktopOrdine sUrl  httpcetatenie.just.rowpcontentuploads  Get the directory listing Set xHttp  New MSXML2.XMLHTTP xHttp.Open GET, sUrl xHttp.send  Wait for the page to load Do Until xHttp.readyState  4     DoEvents Loop  Put the page in an HTML document Set hDoc  New MSHTML.HTMLDocument hDoc.body.innerHTML  xHttp.responseText  Loop through the hyperlinks on the directory listing For i  0 To hDoc.getElementsByTagNamea.Length  1     Set hAnchor  hDoc.getElementsByTagNamea.Itemi      test the pathname to see if it matches your pattern     If hAnchor.pathname Like Ordin.2013.pdf Then         Ret  URLDownloadToFile0, sUrl amp hAnchor.pathname, sPath amp hAnchor.pathname, 0, 0          If Ret  0 Then             Debug.Print sUrl amp hAnchor.pathname amp  downloaded to  amp sPath         Else             Debug.Print sUrl amp hAnchor.pathname amp  not downloaded         End If     End If Next i  End Sub codepre
Negative 325 pIdea is to print the table with idgameTable 6 times. Each time 180px right from the one printed before. Using CSS properties. Doesnt work and i dont know why. I feel it is something simple I connot see. But whatp  precodeltHTMLgt ltHEADgt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefstyleTable.cssgt ltSCRIPT LANGUAGEJavaScriptgt function newPage     document.open     document.writeltHTMLgt     document.writeltheadgt     document.writeltheadgt document.writeltbodygt var i  0 function schedule    print the table  document.writelttable idgameTablegt document.writelttrgt document.writelttd idgameCellTeamNameHostgtArsenallttdgt document.writelttd idgameCellTeamNameDashgt  lttdgt document.writelttd idgameCellTeamNameGuestgtChelsealttdgt document.writelttrgt document.writelttrgt document.writelttd idgameCellScoreHostgt0lttdgt document.writelttd idgameCellScoreSemicolongtlttdgt document.writelttd idgameCellScoreGuestgt3lttdgt document.writelttrgt    document.writelttablegt Style document.getElementByIdgameTable.style.height  50px  document.getElementByIdgameTable.style.width  180px  document.getElementByIdgameTable.style.border  1px document.getElementByIdgameTable.style.borderStyle  solid    document.getElementByIdgameTable.style.borderColor  black document.getElementByIdgameTable.style.padding  5px  document.getElementByIdgameTable.style.backgroundColor  red  document.getElementByIdgameTable.style.position  absolute document.getElementByIdgameTable.style.top  110px  this is the line i used var i  document.getElementByIdgameTable.style.left  ipx   document.getElementByIdgameCellTeamNameHost.style.textAlign  left document.getElementByIdgameCellTeamNameHost.style.verticalAlign  top document.getElementByIdgameCellTeamNameHost.style.height  24px document.getElementByIdgameCellTeamNameHost.style.width  80px document.getElementByIdgameCellTeamNameGuest.style.textAlign  right document.getElementByIdgameCellTeamNameGuest.style.verticalAlign  top document.getElementByIdgameCellTeamNameGuest.style.height  24px document.getElementByIdgameCellTeamNameGuest.style.width  80px   do                 schedule         i 180                  while i lt 1081  document.writeltbodygt document.writeltHTMLgt document.close        ltSCRIPTgt    ltHEADgt      ltBODYgt    ltINPUT TYPEbutton VALUENew Season ONCLICKnewPagegt    ltBODYgt    ltHTMLgt codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to read some really big numbers from stdin and adding them together.p  pHowever, to add to BigInteger, i need to use codeBigInteger.valueOflongcodep  precodeprivate BigInteger sum  BigInteger.valueOf0  private void sumString newNumber       BigInteger is immutable, reassign the variable     sum  sum.addBigInteger.valueOfLong.parseLongnewNumber  codepre  pThat works fine, but as the codeBigInteger.valueOfcode only takes a codelongcode, I cannot add numbers greater than codelongcodes max value 9223372036854775807.p  pWhenever I try to add 9223372036854775808 or more, I get a NumberFormatException which is completely expected.p  pSo Im really asking myself whats the point of using codeBigIntegercode if I can only add longs Why isnt there something like codeBigInteger.parseBigIntegerStringcode as in codeIntegercode, codeLongcode, codeBooleancode, etc.p
Negative 325 pAs the title says,     p  blockquote   pstronga hrefhttpen.cppreference.comwcpplanguageasifWhat exactly is the asif ruleastrong     p blockquote  pAn typical answer one would get is    p  blockquote   pThe rule that allows any and all code transformations that do not change the observable behavior of the programp blockquote  pFrom time to time we keep getting behaviors from certain implementations which are attributed to this rule. Many a times wrongly. So, What exactly is this rule. The standard does not clearly mention this rule as a section or paragraph, so what exactly falls under the purview of this rule To me it seems like a grey area which is not defined in detail by the standard. Can someone elaborate on the details citing the references from the standard.p  psupNote Tagging this as C and C both, because it is relevant to both languages.supp
Negative 325 pSelecting with the mouse works fine, as can be seen in the below runtime logsp  precodeinit Deleting homethufirNetBeansProjectsgnumailprovidersbuildbuiltjar.properties depsjar Updating property file homethufirNetBeansProjectsgnumailprovidersbuildbuiltjar.properties compile run Mar 30, 2013 101636 PM net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing.ArticlesPanel itemSelected INFO selected      item        8 Mar 30, 2013 101639 PM net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing.ArticlesPanel itemSelected INFO selected      item        1 Mar 30, 2013 101641 PM net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing.ArticlesPanel itemSelected INFO selected      item        5 Mar 30, 2013 101642 PM net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing.ArticlesPanel itemSelected INFO selected      item        3 Mar 30, 2013 101644 PM net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing.ArticlesPanel itemSelected INFO selected      item        7 Exception in thread AWTEventQueue0 java.lang.StackOverflowError     at net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing.ArticlesPanel2.keyReleasedArticlesPanel.java49     at net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing.ArticlesPanel2.keyReleasedArticlesPanel.java49     at net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing.ArticlesPanel2.keyReleasedArticlesPanel.java49     at net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing.ArticlesPanel2.keyReleasedArticlesPanel.java49     at net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing.ArticlesPanel2.keyReleasedArticlesPanel.java49 codepre  pBut why does selecting with the keyboard arrows cause the codeStackOverflowErrorcode when both key and mouse selection do or should invoke the same method  codeitemSelectedcode.p  pThe relevant classp  precodepackage net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing  import gnu.mail.providers.nntp.GroupMetaData import java.util.List import java.util.logging.Logger import javax.mail.Message import javax.mail.MessagingException import javax.swing.DefaultListModel import javax.swing.JList import javax.swing.JPanel import javax.swing.JScrollPane import net.bounceme.dur.nntp.gnu.PMD import net.bounceme.dur.nntp.gnu.Page import net.bounceme.dur.nntp.gnu.Usenet  public class ArticlesPanel extends JPanel       private static final Logger LOG  Logger.getLoggerArticlesPanel.class.getName     private static final long serialVersionUID  1L     private JListltStringgt jList  new JListltgt     private JScrollPane scrollPane  new JScrollPane     private DefaultListModelltStringgt dlm      public ArticlesPanel throws MessagingException           initComponents           SuppressWarningsunchecked     private void initComponents          setLayoutnew java.awt.BorderLayout          dlm  new DefaultListModelltgt         for int i  1 i lt 9 i              dlm.addElementitemtt  i                   jList.setModeldlm         jList.setSelectionModejavax.swing.ListSelectionModel.SINGLESELECTION         jList.addMouseListenernew java.awt.event.MouseAdapter               public void mouseReleasedjava.awt.event.MouseEvent evt                  mouseReleasesevt                               jList.addKeyListenernew java.awt.event.KeyAdapter               public void keyReleasedjava.awt.event.KeyEvent evt                  keyReleasedevt                                scrollPane.setViewportViewjList         addscrollPane, java.awt.BorderLayout.CENTER          this.setSize300, 100         this.setVisibletrue           private void keyReleasedjava.awt.event.KeyEvent evt          itemSelected           private void mouseReleasesjava.awt.event.MouseEvent evt          itemSelected           private void itemSelected          LOG.infoselectedtt  jList.getSelectedValue       codepre  pand the invoking classp  precodepackage net.bounceme.dur.nntp.swing  import java.util.logging.Logger import javax.mail.MessagingException import javax.swing. import java.awt.  public class Driver       private static final Logger LOG  Logger.getLoggerDriver.class.getName      private static void createAndShowGUI throws MessagingException           JFrame frame  new JFrame         frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE         frame.setResizabletrue         GraphicsEnvironment e  GraphicsEnvironment.getLocalGraphicsEnvironment         frame.setMaximizedBoundse.getMaximumWindowBounds         frame.setExtendedStateframe.getExtendedState  JFrame.MAXIMIZEDBOTH         frame.setLayoutnew BorderLayout          JTabbedPane tabs  new JTabbedPane          ArticlesPanel myPanel  new ArticlesPanel         tabs.addmyPanel         frame.addtabs          frame.pack         frame.setVisibletrue           public static void mainString... args          javax.swing.SwingUtilities.invokeLaternew Runnable               public void run                  try                      createAndShowGUI                  catch MessagingException ex                      LOG.warningex.getLocalizedMessage                                              codepre
Negative 325 pI have a codeNavBarcode and I need images in codeltligtcodep  pHow can I use codeltligtcode imagesp  precodeltdiv idnavBar1gt ltulgt     ltINVERSEgt     ltli idnavTop4gtCaixaltligt     ltli idnavTop3gtDocumentos ltligt     ltli idnavTop2gtFornecedor ltligt     ltli idnavTop1gtFabrica ltligt ltulgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 325 pI have a Doctrine query that is taking seconds to run.  Id like to make sure that its going as fast as I can make it.  The query is the following coming from Doctrinep  precodeSELECT DISTINCT task.id AS id0,                 task.rate AS rate1,                 task.revisedrate AS revisedrate2,                 task.title AS title3,                 task.points AS points4,                 task.due AS due5,                 task.created AS created6,                 invoice.id AS id7,                 invoice.title AS title8,                 company.id AS id9,                 company.customercode AS customercode10,                 taskStatus.id AS id11,                 taskStatus.title AS title12,                 priority.id AS id13,                 taskUser.id AS id14,                 taskUser.firstname AS firstname15,                 taskUser.lastname AS lastname16,                 invoiceUser.id AS id17,                 invoiceUser.firstname AS firstname18,                 invoiceUser.lastname AS lastname19,                 invoiceStatus.id AS id20,                 invoiceStatus.title AS title21,                 opportunity.id AS id22,                 opportunity.name AS name23,                 SUMslip.stop  slip.start AS sclr24,                 task.projectedminutes AS projectedminutes25 FROM task task INNER JOIN invoice invoice ON task.invoiceid  invoice.id AND invoice.deleted IS NULL INNER JOIN company company ON invoice.companyid  company.id LEFT JOIN taskstatus taskStatus ON task.statusid  taskStatus.id AND taskStatus.deleted IS NULL LEFT JOIN slip slip ON task.id  slip.taskid AND slip.deleted IS NULL LEFT JOIN fosuser taskUser ON task.userid  taskUser.id AND taskUser.deleted IS NULL LEFT JOIN priority priority ON task.priorityid  priority.id AND priority.deleted IS NULL LEFT JOIN taskcomment taskComment ON task.id  taskComment.taskid AND taskComment.deleted IS NULL LEFT JOIN taskfile taskFile ON task.id  taskFile.taskid AND taskFile.deleted IS NULL LEFT JOIN taskstep taskStep ON task.id  taskStep.taskid AND taskStep.deleted IS NULL LEFT JOIN fosuser invoiceUser ON invoice.userid  invoiceUser.id AND invoiceUser.deleted IS NULL LEFT JOIN invoicestatus invoiceStatus ON invoice.statusid  invoiceStatus.id AND invoiceStatus.deleted IS NULL LEFT JOIN opportunity opportunity ON invoice.opportunityid  opportunity.id LEFT JOIN fosuser slipUser ON slip.userid  slipUser.id AND slipUser.deleted IS NULL WHERE taskStatus.id IN 3        AND slipUser.id IN 605   AND task.deleted IS NULL GROUP BY task.id,          company.id,          taskUser.id,          taskStatus.id,          invoice.id,          invoiceUser.id,          invoiceStatus.id,          opportunity.id,          priority.id ORDER BY priority.id ASC, task.due ASC, company.customercode ASC, taskUser.firstname ASC, taskUser.lastname ASC, task.points ASC, task.title ASC, taskStatus.title ASC, task.created ASC, invoice.title ASC, invoiceUser.firstname ASC, invoiceUser.lastname ASC, invoiceStatus.title ASC, opportunity.name ASC LIMIT 50 OFFSET 0 codepre  pAnd here is a a hrefhttpexplain.depesz.comsTouD relnofollowlink to the explaina.p  pa hrefhttppastebin.comEbudRuDw relnofollowTask table and indexesap  pa hrefhttppastebin.comdrJgVkkN relnofollowInvoice table and indexesap  pa hrefhttppastebin.com7sBwUAup relnofollowCompany table and indexesap  pa hrefhttppastebin.comxaRdaEXF relnofollowTask status table and indexesap  pa hrefhttppastebin.comLcPL7Su8 relnofollowSlip table and indexesap  pa hrefhttppastebin.com9E0KW97D relnofollowfosuser table and indexesap  pa hrefhttppastebin.comtdzA8rLu relnofollowPriority table and indexesap  pa hrefhttppastebin.comGbCY8Dda relnofollowTask comment table and indexesap  pa hrefhttppastebin.comBgMfKk9N relnofollowTask file table and indexesap  pa hrefhttppastebin.commTJN379z relnofollowTask step table and indexesap  pa hrefhttppastebin.comZRZt7LcS relnofollowInvoice status tableap  pa hrefhttppastebin.comT8gYhP8e relnofollowOpportunity tableap  pIs there something I can be doing better with the joins  Make them subselectsp  pAny comments are appreciatedp
Negative 325 pI have a string and arraylist elements.p  pFor example  p  precodeString mystring  handbagging ArrayList a  [ing, bag,and] codepre  pI want to replace the String with the arraylist elements and have it be codehandbaggingcodep  pPlease suggest any ideas. thanks in advance...p
Negative 325 pIm currently trying to find some information with a query that will automatically update on a website every 24 hours  this involves a number of columns in a daily backup table that I need to pull information from.p  pThe problem I have is the query has to specifically state the database table, which makes the query rather static  and I need something a bit more dynamic.p  pI have a daily backup table with the naming system as followsp  precodedailybackup130328  dailybackup130329  dailybackup130330  dailybackup130331  dailybackup130401  dailybackup130402 codepre  pSo when I state my FROM table, I name one of these  usually the latest one available so codedailybackup0402code from the example list. Currently the only way I can get this to update is to manually go in and update the query every day before the scheduled run.p  pMy question is is there a way that I can get it to select the latest dailybackup table automaticallyp  pEdit Im on about bog standard queries like SELECT  FROM dailybackup130402 ORDER BY CheeseType ASCp
Negative 325 pI was looking to implement a named pipe for serviceclient communication in .NET and came across a hrefhttpcode.msdn.microsoft.comwindowsdesktopCSNamedPipeCommunication33b2485cviewSourceCode relnofollowthis codea that, while initializing server side of the pipe had to set up a security descriptor for the pipe. They did it this wayp  precodePipeSecurity pipeSecurity  new PipeSecurity   Allow Everyone read and write access to the pipe. pipeSecurity.SetAccessRulenew PipeAccessRuleAuthenticated Users,     PipeAccessRights.ReadWrite, AccessControlType.Allow   Allow the Administrators group full access to the pipe. pipeSecurity.SetAccessRulenew PipeAccessRuleAdministrators,     PipeAccessRights.FullControl, AccessControlType.Allow codepre  pBut Im looking at it, and Im concerned about specifying SIDs as strings, or codeAuthenticated Userscode and codeAdministratorscode parts. What is the guarantee that they will be called that, say, in Chinese or some other languagep
Negative 325 pI have the following problem with specific user control p  pIt appears white and no control appear at all in codedesign viewcode.codedesign timecodep  pbut the source p  precodelt Control LanguageC AutoEventWireupTrue CodeBehindFollowNew.ascx.cs     InheritsDFUI.UserControls.FollowNew gt lt Register AssemblyAjaxControlToolkit NamespaceAjaxControlToolkit TagPrefixcc1 gt lt Register AssemblyMattBerseth.WebControls NamespaceMattBerseth.WebControls     TagPrefixmb gt lt Register AssemblyTelerik.Web.UI NamespaceTelerik.Web.UI TagPrefixtelerik gt . . . . . codepre  hr  pWhats the problem how to show all the controls to edit in design view rather than troubled with the source view p
Negative 325 pI was wondering what the most efficient way is to get the available articles for a given nntp group. The method I have implemented works as followsp  pi Select the groupp  precodeGROUP group.name.subname codepre  pii Get a list of article numbers from the group pushed back into a vector codesp  precodeLISTGROUP codepre  piii Loop over codes and grab articles e.g. headersp  precodefor code in codes do     HEAD code end codepre  pHowever, this doesnt scale well with large groups with many article codes. p  pIn RFC 3977, the GROUP command is indicated as also returning the low and high article numbers. For example,p  precode[C] GROUP misc.test [S] 211 1234 3000234 3002322 misc.test codepre  pwhere 3000234 and 2002322 are the low and high numbers. Im therefore thinking of using these instead rather than initially pushing back all article codes. But can these numbers be relied upon Is 3000234 definitely indicative of the first article id in the aboveselected group and likewise is 3002322 definitely indicative of the last article id in the aboveselected group or are they just estimatesp  pMany thanks,p  pBenp
Negative 325 pI do heavily use auto layout in my new project, but Ive got one issue related to NSWindow during resizing ...p  ul licodeNSWindowcode is borderless window,li liduring initial setup, frame of this window is set based on status item position and initial content view size codeintrinsicContentSizecode of codecontentViewcode,li livertical anchor attribute is set to codeNSLayoutAttributeTopcode,li lihorizontal anchor attribute is set to codeNSLayoutAttributeCenterXcodeli ul  p... so far, so good. codeNSWindowcode is placed correctly, size is correct and everything looks good.p  pWhenever codecontentViewcode is resized automatically because of auto layout, etc. final window position is correct, size is correct, ..., so again, so far so good.p  pWhats the problem When animation is in progress window is vertically resizing, top of my window is jumping  1 pixel downupdownupdownupdownup... until animation is finished. It looks pretty ugly ...p  pIt behaves like this pseudo code ...p  precodeNSRect frameRect  window.frame while  frameRect.size.height  desiredHeight     frame.origin.y  1  Move window down by 1px   [self setFrameframe displayYES animateYES]   frame.size.height  1  Increase window height   [self setFrameframe displayYES animatedYES]  codepre  p... it looks like auto layout changes origin of window and then auto layout realizes that the height should be changed as well, ...p  pAnyone did see this behaviorp
Negative 325 pI am trying to find a way to invoke a piece of codejava codecode within the JSP using HTML form   p  precode  ltform methodget actioninvokeMegt         ltinput typesubmit valueclick to submit gt    ltformgt     lt      private void invokeMe        out.printlnHe invoked me. I am happy            gt codepre  pthe above code is within the JSP. I want this run the scriptlet upon submitp  pI know the code looks very bad, but I just want to grasp the concept... and how to go about it.p  pthanksp
Negative 325 pI have searched for this question but not found an answer.p  pI am using devise for creating new user. When i am creating a new user i have some fields which are required.p  pI have made entry of these fields also in user model like  p  precodevalidatespresenceof firstname, lastname, company codepre  pI have  write in user model for validate presence of these fields, but devise is only considering validation for email field and not for other fields when i,m trying to create a new user.p  pI have also tried removing validatable from user model and writing customized error validation but this also not working. p  pHowever i want to validate all require fields when i am creating a new user.p  pHow to do this.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pI am wondering where in the program model or controller is it standard practice to implement final tasks before saving an object.p  pFor example, I have might have a blog post called post, which has two properties posttext and postuserIdp  pWhenever a different user edits the post, I want to send the posts owner a notification the logic for sending the notification is already completep  pBut should I be sending the notification in the controller of my program when the model confirms that the edit has been saved Or should the notification be sent at model level Or is it subjective depending on how rigid the notification process will bep  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI am trying to use JgraphT to create a network graph for a redundant topology, and Im interested in getting the closest node to another node, but the topology doesnt allow above a certain amount of hops to avoid loops. I was wondering if there is a way to quickly get vertices similarly to the way closestFirstIterator returns them, but with a cap on the amount of hops there can be for each path. Ive noticed the closestFirstIterator constructor with the radius cap which caps the accumulated weight from each hop, but that is not what Im looking for.p
Negative 325 pIn the following code excerpt, Im wondering what the p and p1 are. My best guess is that they are aliases, but I can find no alias syntax ex people AS p used in the rest of the code.p  precodequery SELECT p. FROM wpdbgtposts p, wpdbgtpostmeta p1 codepre  pThank you for your help.p
Negative 325 pIve come across a strange issue including the code[EmailAddress]code DataAnnotation, say p  precodepublic string EmailAddress  get set  codepre  pWith a codeEditorTemplateString.cshtmlcode works fine.p  pHoweverp  precode[EmailAddress] public string EmailAddress  get set  codepre  pThis completely stops picking up the codeString.cshtmlcode file, which is not ideal for my scenario. Any ideas out there as to why this is happening, and what I can do about itp
Negative 325 pI have my application iPhone Validated by Apple. I have a UIWebView and I want to exit this UIWebView to go to Safari using HTML links but its not working.p  pPlease i Need Helpp
Negative 325 pA few weeksmonths ago, Facebook has introduced the new Games Section or Collection to user profiles. A while ago I noticed that our game is not listed there among the other games played by that particular user. Our game has been available on Facebook and in the App Center for several months, and is for all intends and purposes an average ranked and used Arcade game, approved by Facebook and all. p  pAccording to Facebooks developer description no special code change is needed for a game to be listed in a users Games Collection a hrefhttpdevelopers.facebook.comblogpost20130327platformupdatesoperationdeveloperlove relnofollowhttpdevelopers.facebook.comblogpost20130327platformupdatesoperationdeveloperlovea, so I am at a loss as to what the reason for our game not being listed may be. I am not very experienced as a Facebook developer, so I may be missing something crucial. I searched the web and asked in the Facebook Developer Group, without any success. p  pA while ago I noticed that the game app setting was set to the category other, probably as a result of Facebook recently removing the Action amp Arcade category the game previously was categorized as from the app center. But I have since changed the apps category to Games  Arcade, which has been submitted to and approved by Facebook over a week ago. So that did not seem to be the reason. p  pThe game is properly listed under a users likes and on his feed as emfriendem recently played, so I dont think that any missing graphical assets are the problem either. p  pIf anyone has some insight on the new Games SectionCollection and what I could be missing, that would be most helpful. p
Negative 325 pI am not a native C programmer, so I need some help with the followingp  pI got this code workingp  precodepragma commentlib, winmm.lib  LPCWSTR openCDCommand  Lset cdaudio door open comes from Windows.h, needs winmm.lib see header includes int errCode  mciSendStringopenCDCommand, 0, 0, 0 codepre  h3Questionsh3  ul liDo I need to work with LPCWSTR Why didnt I find a SystemString exampleli liHow should I handle string concatination I cant simply do LfooLbaarli liAm I on the totally wrong way to play sounds with mciSendString actually I really want to use MCI Command and MCI sendString as i did in other projects beforeli liIs there another way to include the external function mciSendString so it can handle handles li ul
Negative 325 pMy app runs fine besides when the user stops using their phone long enough for the screen to lock, when they unlock it the app crashes and im a bit clueless as to why. Here is the error p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comjC5yX.png altenter image description herep  phere is the lazy adapterp  precode    package com.buhz.helpers  import java.util.ArrayList      import java.util.HashMap  import android.app.Activity import android.content.Context import android.content.Intent import android.util.Log import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.View.OnClickListener import android.view.ViewGroup import android.widget.BaseAdapter import android.widget.ImageView import android.widget.TextView   import com.buhz.login.R import com.buhz.login.TabHostFragmentActivity import com.loopj.android.image.SmartImageView    public class LazyAdapter extends BaseAdapter       private Activity activity     private ArrayListltHashMapltString, Stringgtgt data     private static LayoutInflater inflaternull     public ImageLoader imageLoader       public LazyAdapterActivity a, ArrayListltHashMapltString, Stringgtgt d          activity  a         datad         inflater  LayoutInflateractivity.getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE         imageLoadernew ImageLoaderactivity.getApplicationContext           public int getCount          return data.size           public Object getItemint position          return position           public long getItemIdint position          return position           public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent          View viconvertView         ifconvertViewnull             vi  inflater.inflateR.layout.listrow, null          TextView name  TextViewvi.findViewByIdR.id.name  title         TextView message  TextViewvi.findViewByIdR.id.message  artist name         TextView created  TextViewvi.findViewByIdR.id.created  duration         SmartImageView thumbimage  SmartImageView vi.findViewByIdR.id.listimage            HashMapltString, Stringgt update  new HashMapltString, Stringgt         update  data.getposition            Setting all values in listview         name.setTextupdate.getname         message.setTextupdate.getmessage         created.setTextupdate.getcreated         thumbimage.setImageUrlupdate.getthumbimg         name.setOnClickListenernew myOnClickListenerposition         thumbimage.setOnClickListenernew myOnClickListenerposition         return vi           public class myOnClickListener implements OnClickListener         private int position         private String clickeduid         public myOnClickListenerint position             this.positionposition                  Override         public void onClickView v               TODO Autogenerated method stub               HashMapltString, Stringgt update  new HashMapltString, Stringgt             update  data.getposition              Log.iUpdate Position, update.toString             clickeduidupdate.getuid             Log.dClicked UID, clickeduid             Intent i  new Intentactivity.getApplicationContext , TabHostFragmentActivity.class             i.putExtraprofileuid, clickeduid             activity.startActivityi             activity.finish                  codepre
Negative 325 pI have a problem that I have been scouring the internet for the past few days. I have found people with similar problems but whos solutions didnt advance my state.p  pWhat is most irritating is that I have been working with this before, without problems or any blocks.p  pThe thing is that my sessions on my java web application, is either getting deleted inbetween requests or not create correctly to begin with.p  pSome simple trouble shootingp  ul liI can create and use cookies just fine.li liEvery time I refresh or follow a link to a servlet or jsp, the jsessionid is getting a new id.li liOn chrome, I emcan notem see the session cookie but other cookies I can.li liOn firefox, I emcanem see the session cookie and also that its id is changing at every request.li ul  pI have had this to work before without even giving it as much as a single thought.p  pI just use the In jsp I just session.getsetAttribute In servlet I just request.getSessionp  pI have also looked into the getSessionboolean created, but as far as Im concerned getSession should do it for mep  pMy server is running Tomcat 7 and have Servlet 3. I can see the with servlet 3, that I have to declare some things in the web.xml file, my session config is as follows codeltsessionconfiggtcode codeltsessiontimeoutgt30ltsessiontimeoutgtcode codelttrackingmodegtCOOKIElttrackingmodegtcode codeltsessionconfiggtcodep  pYou think im doing something wrong in my code it seems far to simple, and have used it times before. But this is the first time I have had the task to also setup the servers configuration.p  pThis is my first post on stackoverflow, have found many answers before here, and hope someone can tell me where I am being an idiot. Hope I have given comprehensive details. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pIm taking a file and reading in its contents and creating a hash based on newlines. Ive been able to make a hash based on the contents of each line, but how can I create a hash based on the content of everything before the next blank newline Below is what I have so far.p  pInputp  precodeTitle   49th parallel URL     httpartsweb.bham.ac.uk Domain  artsweb.bham.ac.uk  Title   ABAA booknet URL     httpabaa.org Domain  abaa.org codepre  pCodep  precodeFile.readlinesA.cfg.each do line   unless line.strip.empty     hash  Hash[line.strip.splitt]     puts hash   end   puts n if line.strip.empty end codepre  pOutputsp  precodeTitlegt49th parallel URLgthttpartsweb.bham.ac.uk Domaingtartsweb.bham.ac.uk  TitlegtABAA booknet URLgthttpabaa.org Domaingtabaa.org codepre  pDesired Outputp  precodeTitlegt49th parallel, URLgthttpartsweb.bham.ac.uk, Domaingtartsweb.bham.ac.uk  TitlegtABAA booknet, URLgthttpabaa.org, Domaingtabaa.org codepre
Negative 325 pI have a JFrame hosted in applet.JFrame has these properties  full screen sized,always on top and transparentcolor0,0,0,0. Using Inspect.exe in UI Automation mode , when I try to find the accessibility information , it always shows me this java frame only,instead of showing the accessibility information of the element under it.It lets you to select the object under it , lets it take the focus but shows accessibility only for this JFrame. This doesnt happen when MSAA is used in inspect.exe.p  pHow should I fix this p
Negative 325 pI like to create an user control that among other controls contains a panel. Fellow developers should be able to add other controls at design time to the panel of my user control.br Unfortunately all the examples I found on the internet dont seem to work properly or I do something wrong, what may be more likely.p  pFor all my code snippets I created a new winforms project and added a user control that contains just a panel and nothing else. The panel fills the whole user control.p  hr  pThe first solution I found on the net is to attribute my control like thisp  precodeltDesignerSystem.Windows.Forms.Design.ParentControlDesigner, System.Design, GetTypeIDesignergt  Public Class MyUserControl ... codepre  pWhen I compile my program and add my user control to a form, Im able to add other controls to my user control, but I dont see these controls, neither at design time nor runtime. I only see the added controls in my control while dragging my control with the mouse on the form.p  hr  pThe second solution I found is to create my own codeControlDesignercode. For this I exposed the panel of my user control to the public, ...p  precodePublic Class MyUserControl    Public ReadOnly Property Panel As Panel     Get       Return Me.InnerPanel     End Get   End Property  End Class codepre  p... created my very own codeControlDesignercode...p  precodePublic Class MyUserControlDesigner   Inherits ParentControlDesigner    Public Overrides Sub InitializeByVal component As IComponent     MyBase.Initializecomponent      If TypeOf MyBase.Control Is MyUserControl Then       MyBase.EnableDesignModeDirectCastMyBase.Control, MyUserControl.Panel, Panel     End If   End Sub  End Class codepre  p... and changed the attribute of my user controlp  precodeltDesignerGetTypeMyUserControlDesignergt  Public Class MyUserControl ... codepre  pNow I am able to add controls to my user control at design time and I even see these added controls, at least until I start the program.br After that I cant see the added controls anymore because the designer generated code doesnt add these controls to the codeControlscode collection of my panel.p  pDo you have any hint, why its not working like I want it to workp  pSince I like to use the custom codeControlDesignercode anyway, Id prefer a hint or a solution for the second way.p  pAnd I know, that for this example I didnt need to use an user control, I couldve inherited from codePanelcode. But this is just a simplified example of the control I like to create, so inheriting from codePanelcode isnt an option in the end.p  pThank you for your helpp
Negative 325 pMy problem is that I am making a small search engine from scratch, but it gets messed up if I search in Russianany other language besides English. I was hoping some one could give me a code with regex that could filter out not just detect, automaticallt filter out Russian letters, or any other letters except the English letters, and keyboard special characters amp.  etc. Later on, I will implement different language support for my engine, but for now, I want to finish the base of the engine.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pIn C, code[Obsolete]code can be used for the code author to mark code obsolete.p  pHowever, is there a method for the strongcode userstrong to mark that a methodclass is restricted in hisher codep  pIn C Visual C, we have codepragma deprecatedcodeto archive this purpose, more or less. Is there a counterpart in Cp  pFor example,p  p.Net provides codeMarshal.SizeOfcode method in codeSystem.Runtime.InteropServices.Marshalcode class. I do not want to use codeMarshal.SizeOfcode in my code, but do need some other methods in codeMarshalcode class. How can I apply the policy in code other than check the code by my eyes... Use proxy classetc. is too heavy for this purpose.p  pIn Visual C, codepragma deprecatedcode has limited function for this purpose.p
Negative 325 pI have home page which is enough heavy with static content like images, css, js which work on making it look good and are must.p  pAlso the page has login form, so for security I had to make home page to load using https.p  pstrong1. Will this load all the static content every time the page gets loadedstrongp  pstrong2. How do I make sure that static content is cached, even if I have home page securestrongp  pI am using struts2, tomcat for development.p
Negative 325 pI am creating a shooting game. I have encountered a problem with my code when I decided to create a method to remove the missile after reaching the top of the stage. I can run the program without any issues only I have realize that the missile was not remove away from the stage, if I hold the shooting button. However, if I tap the shooting button, the missile will removed away with this error 1009 printing out of the output. p  pIs there any solution to fix the problemp  pHeres is the error after the missile flew to the top of the stage with debugging enabledp  precodeTypeError Error 1009 Cannot access a property or method of a null object reference. at MissledestroyMissle[EExperimentExperimentProjectMissle.as39] at maincheckMissleOffScreen[EExperimentExperimentProjectmain.as63] at maineventUpdated[EExperimentExperimentProjectmain.as51] codepre  pHeres the mains classp  precodepackage    import flash.display.MovieClip import flash.events.Event import flash.events.KeyboardEvent     ...   author test   public class main extends MovieClip      Objects     public var rectMovieClip     public var missleMissle      Array     private var missleArrayArray      Keyboard section     var leftKeyIsDownBoolean     var rightKeyIsDownBoolean     var upKeyIsDownBoolean     var downKeyIsDownBoolean     var spaceKeyIsDownBoolean      Speed     var characterSpeedNumber  15      Main constructor     public function main               Array initializer         missleArray  new Array         missle  new Missle          Update events listeners.         stage.addEventListenerEvent.ENTERFRAME, eventUpdated          Update keyboard events listeners         stage.addEventListenerKeyboardEvent.KEYDOWN, keyPressed         stage.addEventListenerKeyboardEvent.KEYUP, keyUnpressed           Events functions     This functions updated everytime the object is move     private function eventUpdatedeEventvoid               playerMoving         playerClampMoving         checkMissleOffScreen           private function checkMissleOffScreenvoid               for var i  0 i lt missleArray.length i                       var currentMissleMissle  missleArray[i]              if currentMissle.y lt 0                              missleArray.splicei, 1                 missle.destroyMissle                                  private function playerClampMovingvoid               if rect.x lt 0                      rect.x  0                  if rect.x gt stage.stageWidth  rect.width                      rect.x  stage.stageWidth  rect.width                  if rect.y lt 0                      rect.y  0                  if rect.y gt stage.stageHeight  rect.height                      rect.y  stage.stageHeight  rect.height                    private function playerMovingvoid               if leftKeyIsDown  true                      rect.x  characterSpeed                  if rightKeyIsDown  true                      rect.x  characterSpeed                  if upKeyIsDown  true                      rect.y  characterSpeed                  if downKeyIsDown  true                      rect.y  characterSpeed                  if spaceKeyIsDown  true                      shootingMissle                    private function shootingMisslevoid               missle  new Missle         missle.x  rect.x  rect.width  2         missle.y  rect.y          missleArray.pushmissle         tracemissleArray.length          stage.addChildmissle           Keyboard functions     Check to see whether the user releases the keyboard     private function keyUnpressedeKeyboardEventvoid               if e.keyCode  37                      leftKeyIsDown  false                  if e.keyCode  39                      rightKeyIsDown  false                  if e.keyCode  40                      downKeyIsDown  false                  if e.keyCode  38                      upKeyIsDown  false                  if e.keyCode  32                      spaceKeyIsDown  false                    Check to see whether the user presses the keyboard     private function keyPressedeKeyboardEventvoid               if e.keyCode  37                      leftKeyIsDown  true                  if e.keyCode  39                      rightKeyIsDown  true                  if e.keyCode  40                      downKeyIsDown  true                  if e.keyCode  38                      upKeyIsDown  true                  if e.keyCode  32                      spaceKeyIsDown  true                       codepre  pHeres the Missles Classp  precodepackage    import flash.display.Sprite import flash.events.Event     ...   author test   public class Missle extends Sprite          public function Missle               addEventListenerEvent.ADDEDTOSTAGE, onAdd           private function onAddeEventvoid               removeEventListenerEvent.ADDEDTOSTAGE, onAdd         Objects are on the stage         init           private function initvoid               addEventListenerEvent.ENTERFRAME, missleLaunch           private function missleLauncheEventvoid               this.y  15           public function destroyMisslevoid              parent.removeChildthis         removeEventListenerEvent.ENTERFRAME, missleLaunch              codepre
Negative 325 pHow can I get mouse screen coordinates right after user clicks left mouse button mose click coordinates  in another words. Its for a plugin written with FireBreath. I was tryin to usep  precodeFBvariant TestPluginAPIDetect  POINT pt  if WMLBUTTONUP      GetCursorPosamppt  FBVariantList Dtd  FBvariantlistofpt.xpt.y return Dtd codepre  pits returning JavaScript Array codeDtdcode with codept.xcode and codept.ycode in it, then Im using this array to render this coordinates on my page via JS. This one gives me mouse coords only on page start.p  pThen I was trying codeWMLBUTTONUP  MKRBUTTONcode in codeifcode It gives me some random huge numbers... what can I dobr Will you kindly help mep
Negative 325 pI want to show falling mapple leaves on a slide of ppt. Its that achievable  If yes how  I did try to google but not able to figure out.p  pThanks for looking into it.p
Negative 325 pI have a webservice spitting out JSON responses from the database, which I intend to use in my iPad app.p  pHowever, depending on the server where the webservice is run, it either casts integers to integers or returns them as string. As I cannot be sure of the type, I have to take care of either way in my app.p  pSo, I have a NSDictionary from which I obtain the value using codeobjectForKeycode. I then tried calling codestringValuecode but apparently that only works if the value is not a string already.p  pIs there a simple method for enforcing a string type when having either a NSString or a NSInteger instancep
Negative 325 pMy code looks like this, sometimes app crashes on the last line, when it tries to log the error. What am I doing wrongp  precodeBOOL isDir NSError error NSString downloadPath  [[NSString stringWithFormat, [download downloadFolder], [download escapedTitle]] stringByExpandingTildeInPath] NSFileManager fileManager  [NSFileManager defaultManager]  if [fileManager fileExistsAtPathdownloadPath isDirectoryampisDir]      [fileManager createDirectoryAtPathdownloadPath withIntermediateDirectoriesYES attributesnil erroramperror]      if error         NSLog, [error localizedDescription]  codepre  pIve also attached the output from the console img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comrhM3Y.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pI want to ask something about asp.net mvc 3 dependency injection ninject. p  h2Here is my Interface,h2  precode public interface IRegistrationltTgt      bool RegistrationT Entity   codepre  hr  pThis is ClsMembers class. p  precode  public class ClsMembersIRegistrationltMembergt              private SmileWorkDbEntities db          public ClsMembers                      db  new SmileWorkDbEntities                   public bool RegistrationMember member                      db.Members.Addmember              if db.SaveChanges  0                              return true                          else                              return false                                public int GetMemberIdstring username, string pwd                      var Mem  from m in db.Members where m.Memberusername  username ampamp m.Memberpassword  pwd select m.FirstOrDefault             return Mem.Memberid               codepre  hr  phere is my controller,p  precodepublic class MembersRegistrationController  Controller      IRegistrationltMembergt ireg1              public MembersRegistrationControllerIRegistrationltMembergt ireg1              ireg1  ireg1                       public ActionResult MemberRegistration              return View           [HttpPost]     public ActionResult MemberRegistrationMember m              ifireg1.Registrationm                                       return RedirectToActionMemberProfileRegistration, new mId  i                   else                      return View                        codepre  hr  pEverything is ok... but i cannot access GetMemberId method.. pls tell me how can i access GetMemberId from my controller... p  pRegard, MinThitTunp
Negative 325 pI have a html table which is doing some calculations with some jQueryknockout.js behind it.p  pthe raw outline in my head is to pack this content into a template and load one instance of it on the load event. This instance would be in a simple tabbed container inside the window. p  pWhen the user clicks a button a second tab should be created with another instance of this template.p  pHow can this be done the most efficent way Especcialy how can I store my unique htmljs code in a reusable template to be instantiated.p  pI am imagining a snippet which looks something along those linesp  precodevar tabCounter  0 var divID  tabNr  body.onclick,a.newTab,function     tabCounter      var tabbedContent  ltdiv classtab id  divID  tabCounter  gtltdivgt     tabbedContent.htmlinsert whole html block from template here which references the   knockout viewmodel  how     return false  codepre  pAny help is appreciatedp
Negative 325 pIt seems like a simple matter I have an codeint[]code that I prepopulate at initialization, then I want to convert it to a codeListltIntegergtcode, but this doesnt workp  precodeint[] ACTIVITIES  0,1,2 ListltIntegergt acta  Arrays.asListACTIVITIES codepre  pcodeArrays.asListcode wants to make a codeListltint[]gtcode instead, and I dont understand why.  How do I make a codeListltIntegergtcode out of an codeint[]codep
Negative 325 pI am building a Python script that will automatically create and arrange my new Django projects.p  pWhat Im doing isp  ul licreate a virtualenvli liactivate the virtualenv with codesource myappbinactivatecodeli lipip install codetoolnamecode multiple timesli lidjango startprojectli lidjango startapp multiple timesli limkdir codedirscode making template dirs, assets, etc.li liopen code.myappmyappsettings.pycode and edit the inners based on the scripts inputli liopen code.myappmyappurls.pycode and edit unlock the admin portionli licreate the default codeadmin.pycode and codeurls.pycode files for the appsli liautodownload the latest JavaScript libraries, images etc.li ul  pNow the issue is that I want Pythons Shell codeos.systemsource myappbinactivatecode to keep its session, so that I enter that Virtual Environment and then can codepip installcode from the python script.p  pNow when I dop  precodeos.systemvirtualenv   virtualenvname os.systemsource   vepath  binactivate os.systemwhich python codepre  pIt still tells me its in codebinpythoncode but should be in codepathtomyappbinpythoncode.p  pDoes anyone know if there is a native way so my teammates dont have to install more than codevirtualenvcode in the main environment to keep a shells session alivep  pI was thinking of chaining multiple commands and concat them into one shell command, but thats kind of ugly.p
Negative 325 pit is a code to submit several grades in one submissionbr this is the javascript code fore validationp  precodefunction validateForm      var xltphp echo gradegt      if xgt100          alertInvalid Data Entry         return false      codepre  pit is not accessing the variable grade in the third echo down  p  precodeltform nameform1 methodpost actioninsertgradeac.phponsubmitreturn validateForm methodpostgt  ltphp     con  mysqlconnectserver, username, password     mysqlselectdbdatabase      queryfetch5  SELECT assclass FROM assess WHERE assID LIKE id     resultfetch5  mysqlqueryqueryfetch5     row5  mysqlfetchrowresultfetch5     row50  row5[0]      queryfetch  SELECT stID, stname FROM student WHERE classID LIKE row50     resultfetch  mysqlqueryqueryfetch      while row  mysqlfetchrowresultfetch          echo lttrgtn          echo lttdgtrow[0]ltinput typehidden namesttID[] valuerow[0] gtlttdgtn         echo lttdgtrow[1]ltinput typehidden namestudent[] valuerow[1] gtlttdgtn         echo lttdgtltinput typetext namegrade[] gtlttdgtn         echo lttrgtn            mysqlclosecon gt codepre
Negative 325 pI am creating a report in SSRS. I have a table showing the date and time the report was generated, its a single column table with one expression Now and is not linked to any datasets. p  pThe trouble I am having is that it returns 77 rows all with the exact same date. My main dataset returns 77 rows in a different table but that table is not linked to this one in any way. p  pHow can I stop it from returning so many rows The reason Im using a table and not a text box is because I want it to have the same look and feel as other data presented in my report i.e. Header Row and Data Presented underneath. There are a few tables that use the same approach and all of them are returning duplicate rows. As you can see from the image below, I just need the first row from each table.  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHZocp.png altenter image description herep  pEDIT Looks like SSRS automatically references a dataset when I insert a new table. When I change the table properties dataset to none it returns an error. Is there a way around this I dont want data from any dataset, just want to use an simple expression now p
Negative 325 pPlease can somebody take a look at my .htaccess code to help identify whats wrong.p  pI am trying to amend all example.php, example.html and example.htm URLs to index.phpfilenameexample.htmlp  precodeOptions FollowSymLinks  ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt     RewriteEngine On     RewriteRule index.php  [L]     RewriteRule [.].phphtmlhtm index.phpfilename1.htmlampQUERYSTRING [L]  ltIfModulegt codepre  pWhen I enter a URL like example.html Im taken to the default 404 and not index.phpp
Negative 325 pSo lately Im having a problem while working in my apps inside eclipse the next message shows up while working with xml filesp  precodeERROR Java heap space codepre  pI have read an try increasing inside the eclipse.ini file thep  precodevmargs Xmx40m Xmx512m codepre  ptop  precodevmargs Xmx512m Xmx1024m  codepre  pbut it will work for a while than after and hour or so it will give me the same error, Im working in a MacBook air with 4gb ram. I have Eclipse SDK Version 3.7.2 Build id M201202080800 and I just updated it, so I dont know if that is why is acting up this way, this is how my eclipse.ini looks right nowp  precodestartup ......pluginsorg.eclipse.equinox.launcher1.2.0.v20110502.jar launcher.library ......pluginsorg.eclipse.equinox.launcher.cocoa.macosx.x86641.1.101.v201201091504 showsplash org.eclipse.platform launcher.XXMaxPermSize 256m launcher.defaultAction openFile vmargs Xmx512m Xmx1024m Xdockicon..ResourcesEclipse.icns XstartOnFirstThread Dorg.eclipse.swt.internal.carbon.smallFonts codepre  pwhat else can I do to fix this any help is really appreciated. thanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pSay that I run codeset allcode inside codevimcode in command mode, this command outputs a lot of stuff as expected, how i can redirect this output to an external application capable of reading an incoming buffer, lets say codegeditcode p
Negative 325 pdjango CMS before version 3 included WYMeditor and TinyMCE as options now text editing plugins have been spun out from the core. The only one so far provided is for CKeditor.p  pI have begun trying to implement a WYMeditorbased text plugin for django CMS 3.0.p  pMy work so far a hrefhttpsgithub.comevildmpdjangocmstextwymeditor relnofollowhttpsgithub.comevildmpdjangocmstextwymeditorap  pI also want to document this, because other people will likely need to do the same for their preferred editor a hrefhttpsgithub.comdiviodjangocmspull1883 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comdiviodjangocmspull1883ap  pThe code I have produced so far manages to launch the WYMeditor, but the two most obvious so far arep  ul linothing is saved on hitting Saveli liits looking for JS files in weird places e.g. staticadminjslangen.js, when nothing as far as I can tell has told it to look in staticadminli ul  pI am wondering which of these three strategies is likely to be most successfulp  ul listart by trying to replicate the functionality of the text plugin code from django CMS 2.x what I have been doing so farli listart by trying to follow the example in the djangocmstextckeditor pluginli listart by getting a working WYM widget for a textarea, and then trying to create a django CMS plugin based on thatli ul
Negative 325 pI want to save the codeclusterercode Cobweb results to an codearffcode file, but I cant seem to figure it out. I know how to save the results from strongGUIstrong, but I cant figure out how to do it from my codejavacode code, even after searching for a couple of hours.p  pHere is my code. p  precodeArffLoader loader  new ArffLoader loader.setFilenew FilesourceFile Instances structure  loader.getStructure  Cobweb cw  new Cobweb cw.buildClustererstructure Instance current while current  loader.getNextInstancestructure  null      cw.updateClusterercurrent cw.updateFinished codepre  pp
Negative 325 pI want to pass an integer array from MATLAB to C.  Ive tried using the type uint64T but it keeps crashing.  Getting a double pointer using mxGetPr works fine, but I need to typecast the content into an integer and doing so in every iteration might be slow.p  pIve tried this in the mexFunctionp  precodeuint64T l l uint64T mxGetDataprhs[1] codepre  pThe function calling this variable is of this formp  precodevoid XAction const double v, const uint64T l, double w  for jc j j     for ir1 i i         w[i] v[l[rj i]]  codepre  pAm I making a mistake in the typecastingp  pIve seen this answer  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6248592howtoreadanintegerarrayinmexfunctionhow to read an integer array in MEXfunctiona but I havent been able to make progress.p
Negative 325 pIm trying to get the Out of Office settings for a given mailbox by using EWSEWS Managed API 2.0.p  pThe setup is the following a single service accountmailbox reads other mailbox calendars and Out of Office settings. The calendar part is easy using the EWS Managed API, but I cant seem to figure out how to get the Out of Office settings by using the API. The API has a method called GetUserOofSettingsstring smtpAddress but this returns access denied if the caller the given smtpAddress do not belong to the mailbox making the request.p  pBecause of this I have tried to get the Out of Office settings by using the WSDLservice published by Exchange directly. By doing so, Im able to get the Out of Office message for other mailboxes using the operation GetMailTips, but this takes me only half the way because Im not able to get the duration.p  pMy questions are Is it possible to get other mailboxes Out of Office settings using the EWS Managed API if not is it possible to get the Out of Office duration by calling the EWS service directlyp
Negative 325 pI am automating a process with a mix of Access and Excel, with the VB scripts running in Access to use Excel workbooks.  I frequently get runtime error 462 The remote server machine does not exist or is unavailable if I run two consecutive programs that use Excel.  When this happens, I can always stop execution and rerun the 2nd script with no error.p  pIve tried to make sure I completely kill all instances of Excel by running the following function both at the beginning and end of every script.  It clearly closes all Excel processes that are running, but I still get the error.p  pIve also tried to set On error goto Top to restart the program at the top when it errs out the 1st time  but that doesnt work either and I dont want all errors to restart the program anyway.  p  pIf the application were just for me, Id live with the problem  but I want to turn it over to someone else to use, and it looks pretty sloppy the way it is.p  precodePublic Function closeexcel On Error Resume Next  Dim objWMIService, objProcess, colProcess Dim strComputer, strProcessKill  strComputer  . strProcessToKill  excel.exe  Set objWMIService  GetObjectwinmgmts      amp impersonationLevelimpersonate      amp strComputer amp rootcimv2  Set colProcess  objWMIService.ExecQuery      Select  from Win32Process Where Name   amp strProcessToKill amp   Count  0 For Each objProcess In colProcess     x  objProcess.Terminate     Count  Count  1 Next  closeexcel  Count  End Function codepre
Negative 325 pWhen an element from the list is selected I want to fill the search input with the datasearch attribute.p  pI have this markup p  precode    ltinput typetext namesearch value ididsearch gt     ltselect idcddropdown classcdselectgt                     ltoption value1 selectedgtChoose your prizeltoptiongt                     ltoption value1 classsearchbtn datasearchcameragtCameraltoptiongt                     ltoption value2 classsearchbtn datasearchdiamondsgtDiamondsltoptiongt                     ltoption value3 classsearchbtn datasearchspaceshipgtSpaceshipltoptiongt                  ltselectgt codepre  pL.E Ive found a solution p  precode  cddropdown.changefunction     idsearch.valcddropdown selected.attrdatasearch    codepre  pbut unfortunately is not working with jquery 1.8.3 is there any way to make it work with this version p
Negative 325 pIm wondering whether or not it is possible to reload a certain div with its content without refreshing the page or having an external include which loads that div only. For example, when I click my button Id like the content of my div to be refreshed, without having the whole page reloaded.p  pHere is an example of what Ive tried to do, seems like it doesnt work well but at least explain quite fine what Im aiming forp  precodecontent.loadmypage.php.content codepre  pOr for instancep  precodecontent.loadmypage.php content codepre  pstrongEDITstrong In order to see where the problem is, Ive tried to load a simple file with the next content a hrefhttpcodeviewer.orgviewcode33e3 relnofollowhttpcodeviewer.orgviewcode33e3a The file IS found and loaded, however something happens during the process. It just comes up as blank window without printing my text and the content of the div in the original file.p
Negative 325 pIve got a progra made with my group mate which writes hello world on a bootable device flash drive 4 GB, its just a little ASM file. On start we select in bios to run from this device, this prints hello world, and then enters normal windows.p  pBut I got a question, is there a chance to edit a boot sector in windows to add this code Its about 150 code lines might be less if we cut off comments. If yes  how We know there is very little place to move in boot sector, but we dont know how to enter it.p
Negative 325 pIm unable to work out why Im getting an Error 13 with the following code  more specifically at line 8 dStDev  RoundApplication.StDevrngGrainSummary, 3  p  precode    Dim i As Long                   generic counter Dim nColumns As Long            number of grain sizes to plot Dim iSeries As Series           ith series Dim nSeries As Long             total number of series Dim rngIDNode As Range          ID node of data worksheet Dim rngGrainSummary As Range    range including all current grain size data Dim rngLimitNode As Range       last specification cell of data worksheet     find the stats by moving rngGrainSummary right incrementally rounding necessary due to constraint on string length of absolutely assigned y values For i  1 To nColumns     Set rngGrainSummary  rngGrainSummary.Offset0, 1     dMeani  RoundApplication.AveragerngGrainSummary, 3     dMaxi  RoundApplication.MaxrngGrainSummary, 3     dMini  RoundApplication.MinrngGrainSummary, 3     dStDev  RoundApplication.StDevrngGrainSummary, 3     dStDevAbovei  dMeani  dStDev     dStDevBelowi  dMeani  dStDev Next codepre  pIm not sure what else I can add that will be of any help to you all. Please helpp  pThanks, Matt p
Negative 325 pThis may be a simple issue, but Google has returned nothing.p  pI have read a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions631682helpwithpackagesinjavaimportdoesnotworkHelp with packages in java  import does not workap  pI still dont understand why a direct import will work but wildcard will not. [EDIT] By class package I mean a package of classes.  I am still new to Java so I do not know the semantics [EDIT]p  pI have a class package codecom.company.functionscode, when I try to codeimport com.company.code I receive the following error.p  precodejava package com.company does not exist codepre  pIf I import codecom.company.functioncode explicitly then I have no issues.  p  pSo I suppose that I have a solution but for the sake of learning, could someone explain why I see this issuep  pIDEIntelliJ IDEA 12p  precodeimport com.sociapathy.  ltThrows compile error  java package com.sociapathy does       not exist import com.sociapathy.databaseAccess.MySQL  ltWorks just fine codepre
Negative 325 pI was working on getting all orders from amazon and displaying them on my site.br Everything is fine till now.br But now, i just want to get the users comments that are placed by customers against their order.br So, I was looking at the Amazon MWS documentation, but didnt find anything.br I also tried to search it on google but nothing was found.br I just want to know that,  Whether it is possible to get comments on ordersbr if so, then how thanks,  p
Negative 325 pI am building a personal multimedia portfolio website. I am more designer than developer but I feel very comfortable with code.p  pI have actually built most of a solution with CodeIgniter. But it feels like mapping my objects for projects and project descriptions, dependancies, etc is overly labor intensive.p  pI have been working on a project at work that uses Cache. It has inspired me to find an easier way to store my objects.p  pI want to stick with PHP and probably CakePHP or CI. I am not familiar with many of the 3rd party libraries for CI but if there is a popular well documented option for ORM Ill take it. Otherwise I understand Cake has this included My only concern is how much extra bloat I add by switching just for this functionality.p  pIdeally, I think Id like to use an Object or ObjectRelational DBMS where I could just persist my objects as is. But I feel that might be a little over my head.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pIm having difficulty getting the Restful routes defined here a hrefhttplaravel.comdocscontrollersrestfulcontrollers relnofollowLaravel Documentation Restful Controllersa to work properly.p  pI can get the create form and the index view of all to work properly but I cannot get the link to a single item to work properly. The getShowp  pI have defined my route as restful so it should use the automatic routing in my routes.phpp  precode People Routecontrollerpeople, PeopleController codepre  pHere is my controller PeopleController.phpp  precodeltphp class PeopleController extends BaseController       public restful  true      public function getIndex                   return Viewmakepeople.index             gtwithpeople, people                     public function getShowid             return success it finally worked               public function getCreate              return Viewmakepeople.create           public function postStore                   return Redirecttopeople                 gtwithsuccess, Person added successfully         codepre  pHere is my index.blade.php template which should link to the show.blade.php templatep  precodeltul classthumbnailsgt     foreach people as people     ltligt lta href URLtopeople . peoplegtpeopleid  classthumbnailgt ltimg srchttpsfbcdnsphotosha.akamaihd.nethphotosakash4s200x2004860106335615799947871827482783n.jpg gt ltagt         ltdiv classcaptiongt              ltpgt  peoplegtpeopleid ltbr gt              peoplegtfirstname ltbr gt                  peoplegtlastname ltbr gt                  peoplegtline1 ltbr gt                  peoplegtcity ltbr gt                 ltbr gt                  peoplegtstate   peoplegtzip ltbr gt                  peoplegtcountry  ltpgt             ltpgt                 ltbutton classbtn btnsmall btnprimary typebuttongtActionsltbuttongt                 ltbutton classbtn btnsmall typebuttongtViewltbuttongt             ltpgt         ltdivgt     ltligt     endforeach ltulgt codepre  pI have a view created called show.blade.php.p  precodeextendsmaster  sectiontitle parent  Home stop  sectioncontent ltpgtit finally workedltpgt  stop codepre  pBut whenever I go to an item such as people1 I get a crap ton of errors.p  precodeSymfonyComponentHttpKernelExceptionNotFoundHttpException vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateRoutingControllersController.php290 IlluminateRoutingControllersController missingMethod ltunknowngt0 calluserfuncarray vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateRoutingControllersController.php138 IlluminateRoutingControllersController callMethod vendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateRoutingControllersController.php115 IlluminateRoutingControllersController callAction bootstrapcompiled.php9980 IlluminateRoutingclosure ltunknowngt0 calluserfuncarray bootstrapcompiled.php16626 IlluminateRoutingRoute callCallable bootstrapcompiled.php16605 IlluminateRoutingRoute run bootstrapcompiled.php10000 IlluminateRoutingRouter dispatch bootstrapcompiled.php1010 IlluminateFoundationApplication dispatch bootstrapcompiled.php993 IlluminateFoundationApplication run publicindex.php49 codepre  pAt this point Ive stripped my code down to the bare bones just to get this to work. Im finding that perhaps the RESTful features are not so helpful since the documentation is so lacking. Is there anyway to get to the OLD version 3 documentationp  pIf anyone can see what Im doing wrong I would really appreciate it. It seems to be correct as per the docs but it does not detail at all how this works.  As a newcomer to Laravel Im not sure if Im just missing something, or if the docs really dont elaborate what needs to be done.p  pWould it be better to just create my own routes instead of trying to use the built in functions Thank you for your help.p
Negative 325 pI am quite new to ASP.NET and I am making my first application for my school project and I have one problem. p  pI have my database for adding files and pictures. I used a codeSqlDataSourcecode and codeDataListcode, so I generate insert, update and delete automatically. In codebehind C, I wrote code for adding images directly to database and file with path that goes to database, but I dont know how to add value path to parameter so it could all be saved together. What command should I usep  pMaybe it is stupid question, but I dont have anyone to ask. Sorry If my code is a little bit funny looking here in this windowcodeenter code herecodep  pHere is my Cp  precodeprotected void SqlDataSource1Insertingobject sender, SqlDataSourceCommandEventArgs e     FileUpload kontrola  FileUploadFormView1.FindControlFileUpload2     if kontrola.PostedFile  null ampamp kontrola.PostedFile.FileName             BinaryReader reader  new BinaryReaderkontrola.PostedFile.InputStream       myImage  reader.ReadByteskontrola.PostedFile.ContentLength         System.Data.SqlClient.SqlParameter uploadData       new System.Data.SqlClient.SqlParameterimage,System.Data.SqlDbType.Image                   uploadData.Value  myImage     e.Command.Parameters.AdduploadData     FileUpload kontrola2  FileUploadFormView1.FindControlFileUpload1     Get Filename from fileupload control    string filename  Path.GetFileNamekontrola2.PostedFile.FileName    Save images into Images folder    kontrola2.SaveAsServer.MapPathfiles  kontrola2.FileName     string valp  files  kontrola2.FileName   I am not sure if this is right     e.Command.Parameters.Add[datafile].Value  valp  this is not right, but this part I dont know  codepre  pand this is my markup in codeaspxcode.p  precodeltaspSqlDataSource IDSqlDataSource1 runatserver       ConnectionStringlt ConnectionStringsrepositorydbConnectionString gt       SelectCommandSELECT  FROM [data]       DeleteCommandDELETE FROM [data] WHERE [id]  id       InsertCommandINSERT INTO [data] [datasetname], [abstract], [source], [multivariate], [unvariate], [sequentional], [timeseries], [text], [domaintheory], [clasification], [regression], [clustering], [casualdiscovery], [categorical], [integer], [real], [lifesciences], [physicalsciences], [csengineering], [socialsciences], [business], [game], [other], [matrix], [nonmatrix], [yes], [no], [numistances], [numattributes], [relevantinfo], [attributeinfo], [relevantpapers], [citationrequest], [datafile], [image], [date], [approval] VALUES datasetname, abstract, source, multivariate, unvariate, sequentional, timeseries, text, domaintheory, clasification, regression, clustering, casualdiscovery, categorical, integer, real, lifesciences, physicalsciences, csengineering, socialsciences, business, game, other, matrix, nonmatrix, yes, no, numistances, numattributes, relevantinfo, attributeinfo, relevantpapers, citationrequest, datafile, image, GetDate, approval      UpdateCommand...     oninsertingSqlDataSource1Insertinggt    ltDeleteParametersgt       ltaspParameter Nameid TypeInt32 gt    ltDeleteParametersgt    ltInsertParametersgt         ltaspParameter Namedatasetname TypeString gt         ltaspParameter Nameabstract TypeString gt         ltaspParameter Namesource TypeString gt         ltaspParameter Namemultivariate TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Nameunvariate TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namesequentional TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Nametimeseries TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Nametext TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namedomaintheory TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Nameclasification TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Nameregression TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Nameclustering TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namecasualdiscovery TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namecategorical TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Nameinteger TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namereal TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namelifesciences TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namephysicalsciences TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namecsengineering TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namesocialsciences TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namebusiness TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namegame TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Nameother TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namematrix TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namenonmatrix TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Nameyes TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Nameno TypeBoolean gt         ltaspParameter Namenumistances TypeInt32 gt         ltaspParameter Namenumattributes TypeInt32 gt         ltaspParameter Namerelevantinfo TypeString gt         ltaspParameter Nameattributeinfo TypeString gt         ltaspParameter Namerelevantpapers TypeString gt         ltaspParameter Namecitationrequest TypeString gt         ltaspParameter Namedatafile TypeString gt         ltaspParameter DbTypeDate Namedate gt         ltaspParameter Nameapproval TypeBoolean gt     ltInsertParametersgt  codepre
Negative 325 pI am developing a web app which sets two user verification cookies when a user logs in. p  pHowever, I have a problem with the REST API client. I have a PHP API client which reads and writes user data. I am using cURL to get data from the server, which uses cookies to get the current user information. p  pIn cURL, the cookies arent sent when making a request.p  pI searched and found cURL COOKIEJAR and cURL COOKIEFILE, but I do not think they are safe since a client can store the users cookies and access the users account.p  pHow can I safely send the cookie information when making a requestp
Negative 325 pNot sure why Im running into this error. Ive setup postgresql properly, just ran a migration and then rake dbmigrate and Im getting the title error.p  pHere is myp  pdatabase.yml p  precodedevelopment   adapter postgresql   encoding unicode   database myblogdevelopment   pool 5   username myblog   password  test   adapter postgresql   encoding unicode   database myblogtest   pool 5   username myblog   password  production   adapter postgresql   encoding unicode   database myblogproduction   pool 5   username myblog   password codepre  pFull error p  precode[myblog]rake dbmigrate rake aborted PGError ERROR  permission denied for relation schemamigrations  SELECT schemamigrations. FROM schemamigrations usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordconnectionadapterspostgresqladapter.rb739in exec usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordconnectionadapterspostgresqladapter.rb739in execnocache usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordconnectionadapterspostgresqldatabasestatements.rb138in block in execquery usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordconnectionadaptersabstractadapter.rb425in block in log usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactivesupport4.0.0.rc1libactivesupportnotificationsinstrumenter.rb20in instrument usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordconnectionadaptersabstractadapter.rb420in log usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordconnectionadapterspostgresqldatabasestatements.rb137in execquery usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordconnectionadapterspostgresqladapter.rb856in select usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordconnectionadaptersabstractdatabasestatements.rb24in selectall usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordconnectionadaptersabstractquerycache.rb63in selectall usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordquerying.rb36in findbysql usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordrelation.rb561in execqueries usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordrelation.rb447in load usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordrelation.rb196in toa usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordrelationdelegation.rb12in map usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordmigration.rb770in getallversions usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordmigration.rb928in migrated usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordmigration.rb933in ran usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordmigration.rb910in block in runnable usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordmigration.rb910in reject usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordmigration.rb910in runnable usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordmigration.rb887in migrate usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordmigration.rb747in up usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordmigration.rb725in migrate usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195gemsactiverecord4.0.0.rc1libactiverecordrailtiesdatabases.rake42in block 2 levels in lttop requiredgt usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4libraketask.rb246in call usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4libraketask.rb246in block in execute usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4libraketask.rb241in each usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4libraketask.rb241in execute usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4libraketask.rb184in block in invokewithcallchain usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4libraketask.rb177in invokewithcallchain usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4libraketask.rb170in invoke usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4librakeapplication.rb143in invoketask usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4librakeapplication.rb101in block 2 levels in toplevel usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4librakeapplication.rb101in each usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4librakeapplication.rb101in block in toplevel usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4librakeapplication.rb110in runwiththreads usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4librakeapplication.rb95in toplevel usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4librakeapplication.rb73in block in run usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4librakeapplication.rb160in standardexceptionhandling usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195globalgemsrake10.0.4librakeapplication.rb70in run usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195binrubynoexecwrapper14in eval usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.0.0p195binrubynoexecwrapper14in ltmaingt Tasks TOP gt dbmigrate codepre
Negative 325 pwe have a Windows Server 2008 R2 running 4 virtual servers on a Server Farm, but currently the only way were able to check the health of the servers is by RDPing on to the server that manages them and going into IIS. We would like to be able to have a webpage where we can see the healf of the servers and see which ones are available or unavailable.p  pIs there a way for us, to interact with the server potentially via an API and get information about the servers in our C codep
Negative 325 pAll, my multithreaded program keeps getting interrupted and Alarm clock is being written to console.p  pAfter some googling, many people mention this is related to sleep, but none of my threads are calling sleep.  The current process isp  ol liPass a function and parameters to a starter functionli liStarter function starts codencode threads and passes function from 1 and proper parameters to each threadli liEach thread runs function with the parameters it was given, each function is independent only relying on parameters and local memory.li liStarter function joins each created thread codepthreadjoincurthread[i], 0codeli ol  pIve been trying to use codestracecode and codegdbcode to figure out whats throwing the signal. codegdbcode just says No stack and codestracecode doesnt stop at all... Im thinking Im about to over write the SIGALRM signal handler...p  pIm out of ideas, could anyone offer any suggestionsp  pstrongNew informationstrong This seems to be related to libcurl. I use it to get mjpegs from the network. If I do not use libcurl, the SIGALRM does not fire. My libcurl code is as followsp  precodestatic void  capturefunctionvoid  cam      MyData  camera  MyData cam      Create the curl     cameragtmcurl  curleasyinit      Connect to the camera     curleasysetoptcameragtmcurl, CURLOPTURL, cameragtmip      Set up our callback functions     curleasysetoptcameragtmcurl, CURLOPTWRITEFUNCTION, CurlWriteCallback     curleasysetoptcameragtmcurl, CURLOPTWRITEDATA, void camera     curleasyperformcameragtmcurl      cameragtmstate  cameragtmstate amp CAPTURING Remove the capturing flag     curleasycleanupcameragtmcurl      return NULL  codepre
Negative 325 pRecently, I have been working on an Android project that requires me to get the text from and MMS.  I dont have a whole lot of experience with Android, but I am familiar with SQL and java and I have been following these posts as closely as possible.p  ul lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5329819detectingmmsmessagesonandroidlq1Detecting MMS messages on Androidali lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3012287howtoreadmmsdatainandroidHow to Read MMS Data in Androidali ul  pThe code that I came up with mostly works, but it seems to always grab the text from the second most recent MMS message and not the most recent one. Any idea why this would be happeningp  pHere are the relevant parts of the MMSReceiver class that I have made using the two threads mentioned earlier as a guide.p  pFirst, is the onReceive method...    public class MMSReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver p  precodeprivate static final String ACTIONMMSRECEIVED  android.provider.Telephony.WAPPUSHRECEIVED private static final String MMSDATATYPE  applicationvnd.wap.mmsmessage private static String message  Override public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent      Log.dTest , MMSReceiver     Uri uri  Uri.parsecontentmmssmsconversations          String action  intent.getAction     String type  intent.getType     Log.dMMS, action is   action   , type is   type     final Context cont  context     ContentResolver cr  context.getContentResolver     final String[] projection  new String[]     Uri MMSuri  Uri.parsecontentmmsinbox     Cursor MmsIDquery  cr.queryuri, projection, null, null, null     MmsIDquery.moveToFirst     String mid  MmsIDquery.getStringMmsIDquery.getColumnIndexid     Log.dMMS, message id for unreadable message is   mid     message  getMessageTextcont, mid     ... codepre  pThe getMessageText method is passed the context and the message id and is written as this...p  precode     gets message text  public String getMessageTextContext context, String mmsid     Log.dMMS, mmsid was   mmsid     String message  null     String mid  Integer.parseIntmmsid2     Log.dMMS, mmsid is now   mid     String selectionPart  mid  mmsid     Uri mmsTextUri  Uri.parsecontentmmspart     Cursor cursor  context.getContentResolver.querymmsTextUri, null, selectionPart, null, null     if cursor.moveToFirst         do             String partId  cursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexid             String type  cursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexct             Log.dMMS, getMessageText was called, partId    partId   , type    type             if textplain.equalstype                 String data  cursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexdata                 Log.dMMS, data was   data                 if data  null                     message  getMmsTextcontext, partId                     Log.dMMS, body was   message                  else                      message  cursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndextext                     Log.dMMS, body was   message                                        while cursor.moveToNext      else          Log.dMMS, Query returned nothing in getMessageText          return message  codepre  pWithin this method, the getMmsText is called.  I realize that this process is a bit redundant, but I was having a hard time understanding all of what goes on during this process so I kept it as similar to the original threads as I could in order to be sure that the problem wasnt in the way that I reduced it for my own code.p  pgetMmsText looks like this...p  precode    public String getMmsTextContext c, String id     Log.dMMS, getMmsText was called with   id     Uri partUri  Uri.parsecontentmmsinbox  id     InputStream is  null     StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder     try         is  c.getContentResolver.openInputStreampartUri         if is  null             InputStreamReader isr  new InputStreamReaderis, UTF8             BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReaderisr             String temp  reader.readLine             whiletemp  null                 sb.appendtemp                 temp  reader.readLine                            catch IOException e     finally          if is  null             try                 is.close              catch IOException e                   return sb.toString  codepre  pThank you so much for your help and please let me know if you have any questions that can help with your answering.p
Negative 325 pIm taking a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiFermat27sLastTheorem relnofollowthisa definition of Fermats Last Theorem.p  pI tried to code an algorithm to validate it for small valuesp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltcmathgt using namespace std  int main       an  bn  cn      int a, b, c, n, count  0      for n  3 n lt 1000 n         for a  1 a lt 1000 a             for b  1 b lt 100 b                 for c  1 c lt 1000 c                                      if a  b ampamp b  c ampamp a  c                                              if powa,n  powb,n  powc,n                                                      cout ltlt na  ltlt a ltlt  b  ltlt b ltlt  c  ltlt c ltlt  n  ltlt n                             count                                                                     cout ltlt count ltlt  combinazioni   codepre  pAnd this is a screen of a piece of output img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqo6uE.png altImagep  pHow is it be possible Am I missing something about great integers in C programming that can get a wrong resultp
Negative 325 pIm working with vertically aligned items in a list that needs to work in IE7. Ive been referencing code on a hrefhttpwww.andyhoward.comverticalAndHorizontalAlignmentindex.html relnofollowthisa page which seems to work well cross browser.p  pI am experiencing an issue in IE7 where the first list item is not expanding to fit the width of the elements inside it. Below is a link to my code.p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netgrimmusjUFMJ relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netgrimmusjUFMJap  precode      ltulgt       ltligt           ltdiv classouterContainergt               ltdiv classinnerContainergt                   ltdiv classelementgt                     lta hrefgt                         To Verify                     ltagt                   ltdivgt               ltdivgt           ltdivgt           ltdiv classouterNumbergt               ltdiv classinnerNumbergt                   ltdiv classelementgt                     lta hrefgt                         3903                     ltagt                   ltdivgt               ltdivgt           ltdivgt       ltligt        ltligt           ltdiv classouterContainergt           ltdiv classinnerContainergt           ltdiv classelementgtlta hrefgtTo Authorizeltagtltdivgt           ltdivgt           ltdivgt       ltligt        ltligt           ltdiv classouterContainergt           ltdiv classinnerContainergt           ltdiv classelementgtlta hrefgtView Paymentsltltagtltdivgt           ltdivgt           ltdivgt       ltligt        ltligt           ltdiv classouterContainergt           ltdiv classinnerContainergt           ltdiv classelementgtlta hrefgtTo SubmitModifyltagtltdivgt           ltdivgt           ltdivgt       ltligt     ltulgt codepre  pThe items in the list will be dynamic so its not really possible to assign a specific width to each LI.p  pIs anyone aware of a way i can make the list item expand to fit the child elements without a specific width p
Negative 325 pPlease help me to understand BBS algorithm. I did this implementationp  precodeclass EmptySequenseErrorException                                       pass                                                                 class BlumBlumShubobject                                                def initself, length                                                self.length  length                                                   self.primes  e1000   Primes obtained by my own Sieve of Eratosthenes implementation.                                                                                  def getprimesself                                                      outprimes  []                                                        while lenoutprimes lt 2                                                 currprime  self.primes.pop                       if currprime  4  3                                                    outprimes.appendcurrprime                                  return outprimes                                                   def setrandomsequenceself                                             p, q  self.getprimes                                               m  p  q                                                              self.randomsequence  [x12m for x in rangeself.length]      def getrandomsequenceself                                             if self.randomsequence                                                  return self.randomsequence                                        raise EmptySequenseErrorSet random sequence before get it codepre  pAnd I have several questions. At first I do not want to use coderandomcode library, it is too naive. My sequence is increasing, it is not absolutely random. strongHow to prevent increasing in returned sequencestrong And I do not understand this part of the algorithm descriptionp  blockquote   pAt each step of the algorithm, some output is derived from emxsubn1subem the output is commonly either the bit parity of emxsubn1subem or one or more of the least significant bits of emxsubn1subem.p blockquote  pstrongPlease explain to me what does it meanstrongp  h3Edit summaryh3  ul liThe algorithm is corrected.li liQuote substituted to en.wikipedia quote. li ul
Negative 325 pI was creating an Android Application in which I use a ListView. The ListView consists of CheckedTextView list items. My activity contains an EditText at the top, a TextView below that and a Button at the bottom. The space between the TextView and the button is the area occupied by the ListView. Now, since my ListView contains rather few items, the entire space of the ListView is not occupied by them. Also the space left obviously varies across devices. What I want to know is if there is a way to alter the row height of ListView so that the entire space alloted to the ListView is covered. And also if there occurs a need to add some items the row height may adjust itself accordingly. I have provided some code snippets below so that it is easy to understand what my Layout is like.p  pactivitymain.xmlp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin androidbackgroundD0D0D0 toolscontext.MainActivity gt  ltButton     androidididaddcourse     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue     androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue     androidtextAdd Course gt  ltEditText     androidididcoursenameet     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentToptrue     androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue     androidems10     androidlayoutmarginBottom2dp     androidlayoutmarginTop2dp     androidhintCourse Name      androidinputTypetextCapWords gt      ltrequestFocus gt ltEditTextgt  ltView     androidididdivider     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheight3dp     androidlayoutbelowidcoursenameet     androidlayoutmarginBottom5dp     androidlayoutmarginTop5dp     androidbackgroundandroidcolordarkergray gt ltViewgt  ltTextView     androidididweekdaytv     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutbelowiddivider     androidlayoutmarginBottom3dp     androidlayoutmarginTop3dp     androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue     androidtextSelect weekdays for this Course gt ltTextViewgt  ltListView     androidididlistView1     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidaddcourse     androidlayoutbelowidweekdaytv     androiddividerFFFFFF     androiddividerHeight2pxgt  ltListViewgt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pThe items are CheckedTextViews that are implemented using BaseAdapter. The View method of BaseAdapter class isp  precodepublic View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent      View v  convertView     int colorpos  position  colors.length     ifv  null         LayoutInflater vi  LayoutInflatercontext.getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE         v  vi.inflateR.layout.listviewitem, null          CheckedTextView newrow  CheckedTextView v.findViewByIdR.id.checkedtextview     v.setBackgroundColorcolors[colorpos]     newrow.setTextColorColor.BLACK     newrow.setTextitems[position]     return v  codepre  pEDIT Snippet from Main Activityp  precodelv.setChoiceModeListView.CHOICEMODEMULTIPLE     adapter  new ItemsAdapterMainActivity.this, weekdays, 6, lv.getBottom  lv.getTop     lv.setAdapteradapter      lv.setOnItemClickListenernew OnItemClickListener          Override         public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt arg0, View arg1, int arg2,                 long arg3              CheckedTextView ctv  CheckedTextView arg1             adapter.togglectv               codepre
Negative 325 pIm making an app that will allow users to design their own forms.  Once they have built their forms they will enter data. The forms are unique to a project, with things like users logins and groups standard between projects.p  pIm thinking of having two tablesp  precodeForms [id  name  structure ] codepre  pThe column structure would contain a json or xml string listing the fields, type and validation rules.p  precodeFormsdata [id  formid  key   value ] codepre  pThe Formsdata table would contain data for each field of the form.p  pAm I on the right track or is there a better way Especially to take advantage of cakephp magicfunctionality.p  pIm worried this is not very efficient and that I should instead code for a table to be created in mysql when a form design is completed.p
Negative 325 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comj4MBI.png altweb.xmlp  pI am able to deploy my webapplication from IDEA without problems using annotationbased urlmappings, so why does IDEA nevertheless highlight the  tag as a violation of the schemadefinition herep  pusing IDEA 12.1.4, Tomcat 7p
Negative 325 pIf I have four columns called codePerson1code, codePerson2code, codePerson3code and codeValuecode.p  pIs it possible to pivot all three Person columns into just one like belowp  precodePerson Value  Person1 10  Person1 50   Person2 60  Person3 0 codepre  pI am using codeSQL Server 2008.codep
Negative 325 pI have this formp  precodeltdiv iddiv1gt   ltformgt   ltinput typeradio namer1 idr1 valuer1 value 1 gt   ltinput typeradio namer1 idr1 valuer1 value 2 gt   ltinput typeradio namer1 idr1 valuer1 value 3 gt    ltinput typeradio namer2 idr2 valuer2 value 1 gt   ltinput typeradio namer2 idr2 valuer2 value 2 gt   ltinput typeradio namer2 idr2 valuer2 value 3 gt    ltinput typeradio namer3 idr3 valuer3 value 1 gt   ltinput typeradio namer3 idr3 valuer3 value 2 gt   ltinput typeradio namer3 idr3 valuer3 value 3 gt   ltformgt ltdivgt codepre  pThe number of radio button groups is changeable.p  pHow do I strongdeselectstrong any other radio button once the end user selects any radio button in a certain group, because currently if I select coder1code value 1 and then select coder3code value 3, both of them will be ticked. I want it once I select a radio button within a certain group to deselect radio buttons across all other groups beside the one that I have the selection on.p  pThank you very much in advance.p
Negative 325 pI am using UIL to load remote images and fill up Fragments in FragmentStatePagerAdapter. I have read readme and usual errors but I cant solve out this bug.p  pHere is the configp  precodeImageLoaderConfiguration config  new ImageLoaderConfiguration.BuildergetApplicationContext     .threadPoolSize1     .build     ImageLoader.getInstance.initconfig codepre  pHere is where i display my imagesp  precodepublic View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,         Bundle savedInstanceState        ImageLoader imgLoader  ImageLoader.getInstance      DisplayImageOptions options  new DisplayImageOptions.Builder     .showStubImageR.drawable.loading     .cacheOnDisc     .resetViewBeforeLoading     .bitmapConfigBitmap.Config.RGB565     .imageScaleTypeImageScaleType.INSAMPLEINT     .build      imgLoader.displayImagethis.contentImage, this.imgView, options      return layout  codepre  pAnd here is where I destroy my fragments in the adapterp  precodepublic void destroyItemViewGroup container, int position, Object object      if position gt getCount          container.removeAllViews         FragmentManager manager  Fragment object.getFragmentManager         FragmentTransaction trans  manager.beginTransaction         trans.removeFragment object         trans.commit       codepre  pand finally here is the exception I getp  precode 0620 120924.877 Edalvikvmheap17043 Out of memory on a 6345504byte allocation. 0620 120924.877 Idalvikvm17043 pool1thread1 prio4 tid16 RUNNABLE 0620 120924.877 Idalvikvm17043    groupmain sCount0 dsCount0 obj0x42593a48 self0x6367e778 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043    sysTid17091 nice10 sched00 cgrpappsbgnoninteractive handle1667639656 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043    stateR schedstat 4021618000 2254117000 18267  utm341 stm61 core0 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   00  pc 00074350  systemliblibdvm.so dvmDumpNativeStackDebugOutputTarget const, int35 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   01  pc 00062afe  systemliblibdvm.so dvmDumpThreadExDebugOutputTarget const, Thread, bool557 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   02  pc 00062bae  systemliblibdvm.so dvmDumpThreadThread, bool25 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   03  pc 000298ec  systemliblibdvm.so dvmMallocunsigned int, int584 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   04  pc 0007fdfe  systemliblibdvm.so dvmAllocPrimitiveArraychar, unsigned int, int93 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   05  pc 0005357e  systemliblibdvm.so 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   06  pc 000798e0  systemliblibandroidruntime.so GraphicsJNIallocateJavaPixelRefJNIEnv, SkBitmap, SkColorTable67 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   07  pc 000799ae  systemliblibandroidruntime.so JavaPixelAllocatorallocPixelRefSkBitmap, SkColorTable45 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   08  pc 0004aa18  systemliblibskia.so SkBitmapallocPixelsSkBitmapAllocator, SkColorTable56 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   09  pc 000cd848  systemliblibskia.so SkPNGImageDecoderonDecodeSkStream, SkBitmap, SkImageDecoderMode404 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   10  pc 000c9504  systemliblibskia.so SkImageDecoderdecodeSkStream, SkBitmap, SkBitmapConfig, SkImageDecoderMode, bool168 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   11  pc 00075a08  systemliblibandroidruntime.so 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   12  pc 000762ac  systemliblibandroidruntime.so 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   13  pc 0001dd8c  systemliblibdvm.so dvmPlatformInvoke112 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   14  pc 0005a6e2  systemliblibdvm.so dvmCallJNIMethodunsigned int const, JValue, Method const, Thread165 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   15  pc 000271a0  systemliblibdvm.so 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   16  pc 0002b898  systemliblibdvm.so dvmInterpretThread, Method const, JValue184 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   17  pc 00073d2c  systemliblibdvm.so dvmCallMethodVThread, Method const, Object, bool, JValue, stdvalist563 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   18  pc 00073e04  systemliblibdvm.so dvmCallMethodThread, Method const, Object, JValue, ...19 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   19  pc 000640f4  systemliblibdvm.so 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   20  pc 0000dcfc  systemliblibc.so threadentry124 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   21  pc 0000d8d0  systemliblibc.so pthreadcreate172 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   at android.graphics.BitmapFactory.nativeDecodeStreamNative Method 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   at android.graphics.BitmapFactory.decodeStreamBitmapFactory.java529 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   at com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.ImageDecoder.decodeImageDecoder.java82 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   at com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.LoadAndDisplayImageTask.decodeImageLoadAndDisplayImageTask.java270 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   at com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.LoadAndDisplayImageTask.tryLoadBitmapLoadAndDisplayImageTask.java244 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   at com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.LoadAndDisplayImageTask.runLoadAndDisplayImageTask.java149 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1080 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java573 0620 120924.887 Idalvikvm17043   at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java856 0620 120924.897 Dskia17043  decodergtdecode returned false 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043 null 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043 java.lang.OutOfMemoryError 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043   at android.graphics.BitmapFactory.nativeDecodeStreamNative Method 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043   at android.graphics.BitmapFactory.decodeStreamBitmapFactory.java529 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043   at com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.ImageDecoder.decodeImageDecoder.java82 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043   at com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.LoadAndDisplayImageTask.decodeImageLoadAndDisplayImageTask.java270 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043   at com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.LoadAndDisplayImageTask.tryLoadBitmapLoadAndDisplayImageTask.java244 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043   at com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.LoadAndDisplayImageTask.runLoadAndDisplayImageTask.java149 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043   at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1080 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043   at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java573 0620 120924.897 EImageLoader17043   at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java856  codepre  pI dont have any idea in how to solve it. Loaded images are variable in size. They may vary from 500KB to 1.5MB.p
Negative 325 pI have an app that allows users schedule an action to occur in the future. For example, that can select a date and schedule it to run on that day every month ex the 15th of each month. However, I now need to allow them to select a week day and week of the month. For example, they need to run an action the first friday of the month. Therefore I am allowing the to select the weekday monday, tuesday, wednesday.... and week of the month 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th or 5th. p  pHere is the query I currently usep  precodeDeclare nowString varchar19         Declare nowDateString varchar19         Declare now datetime         Declare lastMinute datetime         Declare nowDate datetime          Set nowString  currentDateTime00         Set nowDateString  LEFTnowString, 10         set now  nowString         set nowDate  DATEADDdd, 0, DATEDIFFdd, 0, now         set lastMinute  DATEADDmi, 1, now          select           from messageprepared         where schedule  1          and active  1         and noaa  0         and                               scheduletype  recurring                 and startdate lt nowDate                 and isnullenddate, DATEADDyy, 1, nowDate gt nowDate                 and                      nowDateString     isnullrecurringstarttimehour, 00    isnullrecurringstarttimemin, 00  00  now                     or nowDateString     isnullrecurringstarttimehour, 00    isnullrecurringstarttimemin, 00  00  lastMinute                                   Test for different type of recurring                 and                       ltrimrtrimrecurring  M and DATEPARTdd, startdate  DATEPARTdd, now                      or  ltrimrtrimrecurring  W and DATEPARTdw, startdate  DATEPARTdw, now                      or ltrimrtrimrecurring  D                                           or                  scheduletype  once                 and startdate  nowDate                 and                      nowDateString     onetimestarttimehour    onetimestarttimemin  00  now                     or nowDateString     onetimestarttimehour    onetimestarttimemin  00  lastMinute                                                and repeatmultipletimes  0          UNION ALL          SELECT          FROM MESSAGEPREPARED         WHERE schedule  1          AND active  1         AND noaa  0         AND recurring  D         AND repeatmultipletimes  1         AND startDate IS NOT NULL         AND recurringstarttimehour IS NOT NULL         AND recurringstarttimehour lt 24         AND recurringstarttimemin IS NOT NULL         AND recurringstarttimemin lt 60         AND startdate lt nowDate         AND ISNULLenddate, DATEADDyy, 1, nowDate gt nowDate         AND                       CASE WHEN repeatunit  M                 THEN                 DATEDIFFn,                 CONVERTDATETIME,                  CASTDATEPARTyyyy, startDate AS VARCHAR4                     CASTDATEPARTmm, startDate AS VARCHAR2                     CASTDATEPARTdd, startDate AS VARCHAR2                      CASTrecurringstarttimehour AS VARCHAR2                    CASTrecurringstarttimemin AS VARCHAR2  00, 20,                 GETDATE  repeatinterval                 ELSE                 DATEDIFFn,                 CONVERTDATETIME,                  CASTDATEPARTyyyy, startDate AS VARCHAR4                     CASTDATEPARTmm, startDate AS VARCHAR2                     CASTDATEPARTdd, startDate AS VARCHAR2                      CASTrecurringstarttimehour AS VARCHAR2                    CASTrecurringstarttimemin AS VARCHAR2  00, 20,                 GETDATE  repeatinterval  60             END  0             OR             CASE WHEN repeatunit  M                 THEN                 DATEDIFFn,                 CONVERTDATETIME,                  CASTDATEPARTyyyy, startDate AS VARCHAR4                     CASTDATEPARTmm, startDate AS VARCHAR2                     CASTDATEPARTdd, startDate AS VARCHAR2                      CASTrecurringstarttimehour AS VARCHAR2                    CASTrecurringstarttimemin AS VARCHAR2  00, 20,                 GETDATE  1  repeatinterval                 ELSE                 DATEDIFFn,                 CONVERTDATETIME,                  CASTDATEPARTyyyy, startDate AS VARCHAR4                     CASTDATEPARTmm, startDate AS VARCHAR2                     CASTDATEPARTdd, startDate AS VARCHAR2                      CASTrecurringstarttimehour AS VARCHAR2                    CASTrecurringstarttimemin AS VARCHAR2  00, 20,                 GETDATE  1  repeatinterval  60             END  0          codepre  pThis will only occur when reocurring is set to M and I would like to determine if today is the specific day of the week, week of the month and hourmin. p  pIm not the best dba query writer in the world so any assistance would be awesome.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm trying to use django to send emails to a bunch of people at the same time although right now, Im trying to get it to work with only one. I have a class called codeUsercode that has a field codeemailcode and a foreignkey to a class called codeGroupcode. Now, Im trying to send an email to all users in a specific group. To do that, I have the following code p  pcodeaddresses  User.objects.filtergroupgroupOperations.valueslistemailcodep  pThis is correctly getting the email addresses if I print the codeaddressescode I get code[uaddressexample.com,]code. I then use codeaddressescode to create an email p  precodeemail  EmailMessageTest,           gettemplatetest.html.renderContextcontent This is a TEST,          to  addresses  codepre  pWhen I was doing this before, manually passing in an email address to the to argument, it worked perfectly, however now it gives me the error in the title ValueError need more than  1 value to unpack. The line of code that seems to create the error is codeemail.sendcode. p  pWhat does this error mean Why am I getting it How should I fix it Is there a better way to get the email addresses out of all the users with the specified group p  pThanks. p
Negative 325 pI am trying to develop a MACMandatory Access Control policy module where I am trying to implement the MAC API maciokitcheckdevice.I am able to build a MAC policy module kext which implements maciokitcheckdevice API and I am able to load the kext. But, the driver kext which makes use of this policy module API has problem. It is compiling properly. But is unable to resolve the symbol  maciokitcheckdevice.The dependency libraries of the driver kext that I have used is as below.p  precodeltkeygtOSBundleLibrariesltkeygt     ltdictgt         ltkeygtcom.apple.iokit.IOUSBFamilyltkeygt         ltstringgt5.5.5ltstringgt         ltkeygtcom.apple.kpi.machltkeygt         ltstringgt12.3ltstringgt         ltkeygtcom.apple.kpi.unsupportedltkeygt         ltstringgt12.3ltstringgt         ltkeygtcom.apple.kpi.iokitltkeygt         ltstringgt12.3ltstringgt         ltkeygtcom.apple.kpi.libkernltkeygt         ltstringgt12.3ltstringgt         ltkeygtcom.apple.kpi.bsdltkeygt         ltstringgt12.3ltstringgt         ltkeygtcom.apple.kpi.dsepltkeygt         ltstringgt12.3ltstringgt     ltdictgt codepre  pCuriously, none of the kpi libraries seems to define the symbol maciokitcheckdevice. I inferred this by running the commandp  precodefind SystemLibraryExtensionsSystem.kextPlugIns type f      grep v plist  xargs nm  sort  uniq  grep maciokitcheckdevice codepre  pHowever the kernel image seems to have the symbol, as inferred by p  precodenm machkernelgrep maciokitcheck codepre  pIs there any way to solve this unresolved symbol issue in the driver kext Any helppointer in this issue would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 325 pI try to render error message but its not appearsp  pI have validatorp  precodeComponent class ValidatorFBOSSearch implements Validator       SuppressWarningsrawtypes     Override     public boolean supportsClass clazz           return FormBackObjectSearch.class.equalsclazz           Override     public void validateObject obj, Errors error               FormBackObjectSearch fbos  FormBackObjectSearchobj            if .equalsfbos.particularDate                         error.rejectValueparticularDate, required.listOfDates, This field is required                         codepre  pit have to cheak does my field in backing object for form have value inputed or not. rejectValue has three param. First  looks for a value in Model Attribute in my backing object, Secong looks for error message in properties filemy properties file located in resourseserror forlder Third param in methos says if it wont be able to find message in error properties file will render it as default, here is my sniped of code in my servletcontext.xml   precodelt Handles HTTP GET requests for resources by efficiently serving up static resources in the webappRootresources directory gt     ltresources mappingresources locationresources gt codepre  pAnd this my xml config for messageSourse to get errors for Validator in servletcontext.xmlp  precodelt Resolves error messages for validator from Educationsrcmainwebappresourceserrorsgt     ltbeansbean idmessageSource classorg.springframework.context.support.ResourceBundleMessageSourcegt         ltbeansproperty namebasename valueerrorserrormessagesgt     ltbeansbeangt codepre  pHere peace of my controller code for dealing with requestsp  precodeRequestMappingvaluesearch, methodRequestMethod.GET         public void searchModel model                         FormBackObjectSearch fbos  new FormBackObjectSearch             model.addAttributefbosAttribute, fbos                          RequestMappingvalue result, methodRequestMethod.POST         public String extractRequestParam String nameOfInstitution,                               RequestParam String particularDate,                               RequestParam String typeOfInstitution,                               ModelAttributefbosAttribute FormBackObjectSearch fbos,                               BindingResult result, RedirectAttributes redirectAttributes,                                Model model throws Exception               ValidatorFBOSSearch validatorFBOS  new ValidatorFBOSSearch                 validatorFBOS.validatefbos, result                  ifresult.hasErrors                      redirectAttributes.addFlashAttributefbosAttribute, fbos                         return redirectsearch                    else                       ifparticularDate  ampamp nameOfInstitution  ampamp typeOfInstitution                                              controllerSupportClass.findWithDateAndNamenameOfInstitution, particularDate, model                                         else ifparticularDate  ampamp nameOfInstitution  ampamp typeOfInstitution                                               controllerSupportClass.findWithAddedDateAndTypetypeOfInstitution, particularDate, model                                        else ifparticularDate  ampamp nameOfInstitution  ampamp typeOfInstitution                                   controllerSupportClass.findWithAddedDateparticularDate, model                          else ifparticularDate  ampamp nameOfInstitution  ampamp typeOfInstitution                           throw new ExceptionSearch by choose all parameters is not exceptable                         else                              throw new ExceptionYou didnt put any search parameters                                                        return search          codepre  pAnd here is peace of my jspp  precodeltformform actionresult methodpost modelAttributefbosAttribute gt  lttablegt  lttrgt ltthgtDate for extractingltthgt  lttdgtltformselect  pathparticularDategt ltformoption valuegt Choose dateltformoptiongt ltformoptions itemslistOfDatesgtltformoptionsgt ltformselectgt lttdgtltformerrors pathparticularDate cssClasserrorgtlttdgt lttdgt  lttrgt lttablegt ltformformgt codepre  pThe problem is thet I can not see error messages show up. I tried to use Flash Attributes to have error appears after riderect, but nothing heppend. cuz I found here that when I use rederect it makes my model and errors deleted and start new one. But How can I have advantage to use flash attibutes to solve my problem. Thank youp
Negative 325 pI have an issue with the Youtube frame API. p  pMy video has the ID codez1gTBVs6zswcode. Im using the default Youtube example code a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comyoutubeiframeapireferencehlcs relnofollowherea and my result is a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netgDMQY50 relnofollowherea.p  precode 2. This code loads the IFrame Player API code asynchronously. var tag  document.createElementscript tag.src  www.youtube.comiframeapi var firstScriptTag  document.getElementsByTagNamescript[0] firstScriptTag.parentNode.insertBeforetag, firstScriptTag   3. This function creates an ltiframegt and YouTube player     after the API code downloads. var player function onYouTubeIframeAPIReady    player  new YT.Playerplayer,      height 390,     width 640,     videoId z1gTBVs6zsw,     events        onReady onPlayerReady,       onStateChange onPlayerStateChange            4. The API will call this function when the video player is ready. function onPlayerReadyevent    event.target.playVideo    5. The API calls this function when the players state changes.     The function indicates that when playing a video state1, var done  false function onPlayerStateChangeevent    if event.data  YT.PlayerState.PLAYING ampamp done      done  true     function stopVideo    player.stopVideo  codepre  pThe problem is that the video starts in the IE1098 and Chrome at 4 seconds. In Firefox its OK. I have no idea where the problem is.p
Negative 325 pHow can I create a trigger in Oracle to rebuild an index  p  precodecreate or replace    TRIGGER BINAMESEARCH AFTER INSERT OR UPDATE ON PROFILE FOR EACH ROW   BEGIN      ALTER INDEX MYINDEX REBUILD   END codepre  pThis is not working.p
Negative 325 pI am a quite newbie on matlab and i have a simple issue that is disturbing me,p  pI want to know if its possible to covert all the subscripts of a matrix to linear indices.p  pwhen using SUB2IND i must inform de x and y coordinates, but i want to convert all at the same time.p  pi can use function FIND which returns two vectors x and y and this way i can use SUB2IND succesfully, but FIND only returns the x and y coordinates of nonzero elements.p  pis there a smart way to do this   p
Negative 325 pI have copied some code from one custom control to a new custom control. The code I copied contains some xe extension library and now all of these xe components show error messages saying that prefix xe is not bound The prefix xe for element xedjContentPane is not bound. Is there any way of solving this problemp
Negative 325 pRecently I run into the well known floating point precision errors of Javascript. Usually I would avoid floating point calculations on the thin client amp rather leave it to the backend.p  pI started using the a hrefhttpsgithub.comMikeMclbig.js relnofollowbig.jsa library created by Michael Mclaughlin. Though it has a squareroot methodfunction, it does not have a nthroot methodsfunction nor does the power function support fraction values as arguments.p  pSo I was wondering if anyone using the library has extended it to have such a function or at least use it to calculate accurate nthroot results.p  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comMikeMclbig.jsissues13issuecomment20085782 relnofollowMichael Mclaughlina suggested that I implement such a function similar in structure to the squareroot function. However my attempts at understanding the logic proofed my mathsdisability, resulting in simple calculations yielding very wrong results.p  pUsing the algorithm on a hrefhttprosettacode.orgwikiNthrootJavaScript relnofollowRosetta Codea also yields incorrect results. p  pSo I was wondering if anyone using the library has extended it to have such a function or at least use it to calculate accurate nthroot results.p  pHere is the code to my last attemptp  precodeP[nthrt]  P[nthroot]  function n, prec      var negate, r,         x  this,         xc  x[c],         i  x[s],         e  x[e]       Argument defaults     n  n  2     prec  prec  12       Zero     if  xc[0]           return new Bigx            Negative     negate   n  2  1 ampamp i lt 0        Estimate.     r  new Big1  Initial guess.      for var i  0 i lt prec i          r  ONE.divn.timesr.timesn1.plusx.divr.pown1           if negate r[s]  1      return r  codepre  pIt does not even get obvious results correct like the 4th root of 81  3, instead it gets 3.00000000xxxp
Negative 325 pI have a wpf project I am working on how to resize my gridview inside a listview.p  pGrid setupp  precode         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt         ltColumnDefinition Widthauto MinWidth144gt         ltColumnDefinition Width MinWidth136gt                    ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt      ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt         ltRowDefinition HeightAuto MinHeight93gt      ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt codepre  pHere is my ListViewp  precode       ltListView Grid.Column0 Grid.Row0 xNameview ItemsSourceBinding SizeChangedListViewSizeChanged LoadedListViewLoadedgt         ltListView.Viewgt             ltGridViewgt                 ltGridViewColumn HeaderTest                                           DisplayMemberBindingBinding PathNamegt                 ltGridViewColumn HeaderTest2                                           DisplayMemberBindingBinding PathNamegt                 ltGridViewColumn HeaderTest3                                           DisplayMemberBindingBinding PathNamegt             ltGridViewgt         ltListView.Viewgt codepre  pCode added to remove the unwanted column generated by listviewp  precode    private void ListViewSizeChangedobject sender, SizeChangedEventArgs e            UpdateColumnsWidthsender as ListView         private void ListViewLoadedobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e            UpdateColumnsWidthsender as ListView          To remove the last empty column created by Listview    private void UpdateColumnsWidthListView listView            var gridView  listView.View as GridView        if gridView  null                    int autoFillColumnIndex  gridView.Columns.Count  1            if double.IsNaNlistView.ActualWidth                listView.Measurenew SizeDouble.PositiveInfinity, Double.PositiveInfinity            double remainingSpace  gridView.Columns.Wheret, i gt i  autoFillColumnIndex.AggregatelistView.ActualWidth, current, t gt current  t.ActualWidth            gridView.Columns[autoFillColumnIndex].Width  remainingSpace gt 0  remainingSpace  0         codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4rLKJ.png altenter image description herep  pNow the problem I have is the last column takes up larger space which i didnt assign for it. I want all my columns to have a proportional space when i do window resize. But right now when i expand the last column takes a lot of space.p
Negative 325 pI want to do logout or close the application if the workbench is idle for an amount of time 30 mins, etc, but I dont know how to implement that yet, does anyone has some suggestions thanks in advancedp
Negative 325 pIs there any tool which will show android theme composition exactlyp  pI mean, is that possible to see all the stylesattributes of which theme composed with descriptions where they were taken fromp  pE.g., i would like to see all attributes and values in the theme, say, Theme.Sherlock.Light, with regard to the android version, screen sizepositiondensity etc  is that possible without manually digging through different [stylesattsdimensthemes...].xmlp
Negative 325 pI have a project which should reference other projects  done it this wayp  precode ltReference IncludereferencedDll Condition Configuration  Debug gt   ltHintPathgt..ResourcesExternal DLLsreferencedDll.dllltHintPathgt ltReferencegt codepre  pthis works fine and copies the dll just in case it is in debug. but I want it not to depend on debug release but some other variable definitionp  psomething likep  precodeltReference IncludereferencedDll Condition ReleaseType  INTERNALRELEASE gt   ltHintPathgt..ResourcesExternal DLLsreferencedDll.dllltHintPathgt ltReferencegt codepre  pI did not find how to define the ReleaseType variable   is there any way to use the same variable for both if in the code and for conditional referencingp  pI saw the option to use  usep  precode Condition DefineConstants.ContainsINTERNALRELEASE codepre  pbut it did not work as Id expectp
Negative 325 pI am trying to solve the following problem Numbers are being inserted into a container. Each time a number is inserted I need to know how many elements are in the container that are greater than or equal to the current number being inserted. I believe both operations can be done in logarithmic complexity.p  pstrongMy questionstrong  Are there standard containers in a C library that can solve the problem I know that codestdmultisetcode can insert elements in logarithmic time, but how can you query it Or should I implement a data structure e.x. a binary search tree to solve itp
Negative 325 pI got a task to write code highlighter for C. Everythings pretty good, but I wish to optimize indentation. So, I have a regexp looking like codet[ ]4gcode, so I replace tabulation or 4 space chars with codeltspan stylemarginleft 2em gtcode and it looks good, but it creates a lot of unnecessary spans. I want to use something like code[ ]xgcode and replace with codeltspan stylemarginleft 0.5xem gtcode to have only one span per line with appropriate margin. codestr.matchcode wont work because it searches in all document, not per line.p
Negative 325 precodeRange1.Copy Range2.PasteSpecial PastexlPasteFormulas, SkipBlanksTrue codepre  pIf codeRange1code and codeRange2code have the same dimensions, this code executes without any trouble. The expectation is that the formulas in the range you copied will get inserted into the target range, but any blank cells in codeRange1code will not have their formulas copied to codeRange2code, instead, any current cell values will be left as they were.p  pIve discovered that this fails on merged cells. The image below demonstrates the equivalent action using the built in Paste Special UI, which fails in an identical fashionp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4szEo.png altskip blanks failsp  pCan anyone think of an elegant workaround sthat doesnt involve loopingsp  pNote that simply using a variant of codeRange1.Formula  Range2.Formulacode wont suffice since it will overwrite unwanted cells in codeRange2code with blank empty values.p  hr  pIve removed the no loops restriction because there doesnt seem to be a perfect solution otherwise.p
Negative 325 pIm to encode a string.p  pFirst I used shell command  echo teststring  base64 dGVzdHN0cmluZwop  pBut when I use a online tool, a hrefhttpwww.motobit.comutilbase64decoderencoder.asp relnofollowhttpwww.motobit.comutilbase64decoderencoder.aspa the result is dGVzdHN0cmluZwp  pWhy are they differentp
Negative 325 pFor testing purposes Im trying to scrape bbc. There is a weather widget if you scroll down a hrefhttpwww.bbc.co.uk relnofollowhttpwww.bbc.co.ukap  pIf you type a city to search for a call is made that looks like thisp  precodehttpwww.bbc.co.ukwwhpmoduleweatherampactionsearchamplocationtermamsterdam codepre  pAfter you click on list of available citys you will get the data from this callp  precodehttpwww.bbc.co.ukwwhpmoduleweatherampactionsetamplocationid2759794 codepre  pWhen I scrape the entire website and fill in the weather widget I get a error in consolep  precodeOPTIONS httpwww.bbc.co.ukwwhpmoduleweatherampactionsearchamplocationtermamsterdam Origin httpmydomain.com is not allowed by AccessControlAllowOrigin. jquery1.4.js23 XMLHttpRequest cannot load httpwww.bbc.co.ukwwhpmoduleweatherampactionsearchamplocationtermamsterdam. Origin httpmydomain.com is not allowed by AccessControlAllowOrigin. myproxy.php1 codepre  pWhen I scrape the generated urls the first two from above I get a blank screen. Im scraping with CURL and simple html dom. Why cant I scrape the above urls What can I tryp
Negative 325 pThe app crashes when I take 2 pictures fast one after the other. How can I prevent the crashbr strongNotestrong I can take a couple of pictures but the delta time between taking pictures has to be around 500 milliseconds.br This p  pHeres the logcatp  precode0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799 java.lang.IllegalStateException Could not execute method of the activity 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.view.View1.onClickView.java3063 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.view.View.performClickView.java3534 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java14263 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java605 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4441 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java784 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java551 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799 Caused by java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.view.View1.onClickView.java3058 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    ... 11 more 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799 Caused by java.lang.RuntimeException takePicture failed 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.hardware.Camera.nativetakePictureNative Method 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.hardware.Camera.takePictureCamera.java948 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at android.hardware.Camera.takePictureCamera.java893 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    at com.inturnex.safecam.MainActivity.TakePictureMainActivity.java134 0707 235131.676 EAndroidRuntime10799    ... 14 more codepre  pHeres the codep  precode Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activityimagepick     msurfaceView  SurfaceViewfindViewByIdR.id.preview     msurfaceView.getHolder.addCallbackthis     mcamera  Camera.open      mnumOfCamera  Camera.getNumberOfCameras      CameraInfo cameraInfo  new CameraInfo     for int i  0 i lt mnumOfCamera i          Camera.getCameraInfoi, cameraInfo         if cameraInfo.facing  CameraInfo.CAMERAFACINGBACK              mdefaultCameraId  i             mcurrentCamera  mdefaultCameraId                          photoHandler  new PhotoHandlerthis, dbHelper        Override public void onPause      super.onPause     ifmcamera  null     mcamera.stopPreview       Override public void onResume      super.onResume     ifmcamera  null     mcamera.startPreview       Override public void onDestroy      super.onDestroy     ifmcamera  null     mcamera.release         public void TakePictureView v throws InterruptedException      Log.dGlobal.TAG,In TakePicture     mcamera.takePicturenull, null, photoHandler  Override public void surfaceChangedSurfaceHolder arg0, int format, int w, int h      msurfaceWidth  w     msurfaceHeight  h     Camera.Parameters params  mcamera.getParameters     ListltCamera.Sizegt sizes  params.getSupportedPreviewSizes     Camera.Size selected  getOptimalPreviewSizesizes, w, h      params.setPreviewSizeselected.width,  selected.height       mcamera.setParametersparams     setCameraDisplayOrientationthis, mcurrentCamera, mcamera      mcamera.startPreview      static int degrees  0 private static void setCameraDisplayOrientationActivity activity,          int cameraId, android.hardware.Camera camera       android.hardware.Camera.CameraInfo info               new android.hardware.Camera.CameraInfo      android.hardware.Camera.getCameraInfocameraId, info      int rotation  activity.getWindowManager.getDefaultDisplay              .getRotation      degrees  0      switch rotation           case Surface.ROTATION0 degrees  0 break          case Surface.ROTATION90 degrees  90 break          case Surface.ROTATION180 degrees  180 break          case Surface.ROTATION270 degrees  270 break             int result      if info.facing  Camera.CameraInfo.CAMERAFACINGFRONT           result  info.orientation  degrees  360          result  360  result  360   compensate the mirror       else    backfacing          result  info.orientation  degrees  360  360            camera.setDisplayOrientationresult     public void surfaceCreatedSurfaceHolder arg0      try          mcamera.setPreviewDisplaymsurfaceView.getHolder      catch Exception e          e.printStackTrace           public void surfaceDestroyedSurfaceHolder arg0       TODO Autogenerated method stub    private Size getOptimalPreviewSizeListltSizegt sizes, int w, int h        final double ASPECTTOLERANCE  0.1     double targetRatio  double w  h     if sizes  null         return null      Size optimalSize  null     double minDiff  Double.MAXVALUE      int targetHeight  h       Try to find an size match aspect ratio and size     for Size size  sizes          double ratio  double size.width  size.height         if Math.absratio  targetRatio gt ASPECTTOLERANCE             continue         if Math.abssize.height  targetHeight lt minDiff              optimalSize  size             minDiff  Math.abssize.height  targetHeight                     Cannot find the one match the aspect ratio, ignore the requirement     if optimalSize  null          minDiff  Double.MAXVALUE         for Size size  sizes              if Math.abssize.height  targetHeight lt minDiff                  optimalSize  size                 minDiff  Math.abssize.height  targetHeight                                 return optimalSize  codepre  pThank youp
Negative 325 pIs there a jaxb equivalent in Django I would like to consume a few different xml restful services that other people have written publicly available and parse them into Django model objects, automatically. Upon further review, my specific use case is generating Django model objects from standard RSS and Atom feeds.p  pThank youp  pUpdate does this link fit the bill as the de facto standard way to accomplish my taskp  pIt uses PyXB to map schemas to python.p  precodehttprobertnewmanconsulting.comblog2013apr03usingpyxbdjangovalidatexmldocsxsdschemas codepre  pDont know how popular this package isp  precodehttpspypi.python.orgpypidjangorss2rest0.1 codepre  pThis utility seems to be more popular but does it map to django modelsp  precodehttpscode.google.compfeedparser  codepre  pUpdate updatep  pOK now my question is, how do you generate a Django model from an existing Python class The frameworks listed above convert the raw xml into a regular Python class.  I just would like this final step.p
Negative 325 pI am farily new to c and have already read some topics about storing pointers to objects or the objects themselves in a vector. I decided to store the objects in the vector, because I do not pushback many objects at runtime, the vector is just created once and leaved like this.p  pMy problem now is, that I have another object that gets a vector as argument and searches for a certain object in the passed vector. If it finds this object, it stores a pointer to it, if not, the variable is set to codeNULLcode.p  pEventhough I do not codepushbackcode any items, the pointer seems to point to a wrong location in other functions. The object that searches for the element in the vector has a public function in which the pointer should be returned. It would be very slow if I search for the object at every function call, so this should not be an option. strongAre there other solutions or do I have to emswitch to a vector of pointersemstrongp  pSome code snippetsp  pstrongConstructor of the object that searches the vectorstrongp  precodeMySearchMySearchQVectorltObjgt objVector     objVectorobjVector      found  NULL     foreachObj o, thisgtobjVector          if..found..              found  ampo              break                codepre  pstrongGetter functionstrongp  precodeObj MySearchgetObject      return found  codepre
Negative 325 pI like to have a program where you can pick ten points and then a bezier curve is calculated for that points. It seems to work pretty perfect, but the shown curve has some gaps. I used codeGLLINESTRIPcode how is it possible that the points are not connectedp  pI figured out, that a very small codeucode in codeglEvalCoord1fucode makes the gaps smaller. How is codeucode depending on controlpoints and window propperties in codeglEvalCoord1fucode p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comzCQtO.png altBeziere gaps Line width 1p  p[Edit] Added Screen with thicker lines img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comoCaoW.png altBeziere gaps Line width 3p  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltstringgt include ltfstreamgt include ltmath.hgt include lttime.hgt  include ltGLglut.hgt added GL prefix for Ubuntu compatibility  define MAXP 10  GLint nNumPoints  0  GLfloat ctrlpoints[10][3] GLdouble mouseOgl[3]  0.0,0.0,0.0 GLint mouseX, mouseY bool mousePressed  false void GetOGLPosint x, int y  void initvoid     glClearColor1.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0    glShadeModelGLFLAT      Enable the evaluator     glEnableGLMAP1VERTEX3     glEnableGLDEPTH   void displayvoid     int i    glClearGLCOLORBUFFERBIT  GLDEPTHBUFFERBIT    glColor3f0.0, 0.0, 1.0      ifmousePressed ampamp nNumPoints lt MAXP         GetOGLPosmouseX, mouseY         stdcout             ltlt mouseOgl[0] ltlt                ltlt mouseOgl[1] ltlt                ltlt mouseOgl[2] ltlt                ltlt stdendl            nNumPoints         ctrlpoints[nNumPoints1][0]  mouseOgl[0]         ctrlpoints[nNumPoints1][3]  mouseOgl[1]         ctrlpoints[nNumPoints1][2]  mouseOgl[2]          Curves     if nNumPoints  MAXP          glMap1fGLMAP1VERTEX3,    Type of data generated             0.0f,                        Lower u range             1.0f,                        Upper u range             3,                           Distance between points in the data 3 ...ZXYZ...             nNumPoints,                  number of control points             ampctrlpoints[0][0]          start point          glBeginGLLINESTRIP             float max  powMAXP,42  accuracy of pint calulation             for i  0 i lt max i                  glEvalCoord1fGLfloat imax   high value to avoid gaps         glEnd          Controllpoints     glPointSize5.0     glColor3f1.0, 0.0, 0.0     glBeginGLPOINTS         for i  0 i lt nNumPoints i              glVertex3fvampctrlpoints[i][0]     glEnd     Lines     glColor3f0.0, 1.0, 0.0     glBeginGLLINESTRIP         for i  0 i lt nNumPoints i              glVertex3fvampctrlpoints[i][0]     glEnd     if nNumPoints  MAXP nNumPoints  0    glFlush   void reshapeint w, int h     glViewport0, 0, GLsizei w, GLsizei h    glMatrixModeGLPROJECTION    glLoadIdentity    keep aspect ratio    if w lt h       glOrtho2.0, 2.0, 2.0GLfloathGLfloatw,                 2.0GLfloathGLfloatw, 2.0, 2.0    else       glOrtho2.0GLfloatwGLfloath,                 2.0GLfloatwGLfloath, 2.0, 2.0, 2.0, 2.0    glMatrixModeGLMODELVIEW    glLoadIdentity   handle click events of the mouse void myMouseint button, int state, int x, int y      mouse coords to gl coords      mouseX  x     mouseY  y     switch button              case GLUTLEFTBUTTON             ifstate  GLUTUP   on release left mouse button                 stdcout ltlt x ltlt   ltlt y ltlt stdendl                 mousePressed  true                 glutPostRedisplay redisplay and calculate gl coords              else                      mousePressed  false                       break        detailed information   httpnehe.gamedev.netarticleusinggluunproject16013 void GetOGLPosint x, int y      init vars     GLint viewport[4]               GLdouble modelview[16]          GLdouble projection[16]         GLfloat winX, winY, winZ        GLdouble posX, posY, posZ     get gl specs     glGetDoublev GLMODELVIEWMATRIX, modelview      get Modelmatrix        glGetDoublev GLPROJECTIONMATRIX, projection    get projection matrix     glGetIntegerv GLVIEWPORT, viewport              get viewport values     calculate the gl mouseposition     winX  floatx     winY  floatviewport[3]  floaty     glReadPixels x, intwinY, 1, 1, GLDEPTHCOMPONENT, GLFLOAT, ampwinZ       gluUnProject winX, winY, winZ, modelview, projection, viewport, ampposX, ampposY, ampposZ     mouseOgl[0]  posX     mouseOgl[1]  posY     mouseOgl[2]  posZ   int mainint argc, char argv     glutInitampargc, argv    glutInitDisplayMode GLUTSINGLE  GLUTRGB    glutInitWindowSize 600, 600    glutInitWindowPosition 100, 100    glutCreateWindow argv[0]    init     glutDisplayFuncdisplay    glutReshapeFuncreshape    glutMouseFuncmyMouse    glutMainLoop    return 0  codepre
Negative 325 pSo what my goal is to make my app such that at specific times throughout the day it creates a notification for the user. For this, I am using AlarmManager to set an alarm and then when the  alarm goes off, it will create a notification. Here is how it is setup p  pClass 1  Create Alarm Class 2  Create Notification Class 3  Response from Notificationp  pI have made these 3 classes because of using intent in creating the alarm and notification.p  pHere is my code  p  precodecal  Calendar.getInstance     cal.addCalendar.SECOND, 30     calintent  new Intentthis, NotificationMaker.class     calpendingintent  PendingIntent.getActivitythis, 12345, calintent, PendingIntent.FLAGCANCELCURRENT     am  AlarmManagergetSystemServiceActivity.ALARMSERVICE     am.setAlarmManager.RTCWAKEUP, cal.getTimeInMillis, calpendingintent codepre  pAnd it calls upon the NotificationMaker class where  p  precode    notifintent new Intentthis, NotificationReceiver.class     notifpendingintent  PendingIntent.getActivitythis, 0, notifintent, 0      notif  new Notification.Builderthis         .setContentTitleTime To Smoke         .setContentIntentnotifpendingintent         .addActionR.drawable.backgroundteal, Open App, notifpendingintent         .addActionR.drawable.backgroundred, I smoked, notifpendingintent.build     notifm  NotificationManagergetSystemServiceNOTIFICATIONSERVICE     notif.flags  Notification.PRIORITYMAX     notif.flags  Notification.FLAGNOCLEAR     notif.flags  Notification.FLAGAUTOCANCEL      notifm.notify0, notif codepre  pthe notification is being made. I have a few questions regarding thisp  p1 Can I perform the two tasks I want to do without using multiple classes If so, how Make alarm and notification in the same class. 2 Whenever the alarm goes off, a blank layout opens and then the notification is made. How do I not have the blank page open 3 Is there any more efficient way to perform the two tasks make alarm to create timed notification.p  pThanks in Advancep
Negative 325 pI  want to create a sample page using backbone.js and i am completely new to it.p  pThe view should be similar to the shown in backbone.js website where you have a sidebar and on the right side you have a content. As shown in this linkp  pa hrefhttpbackbonejs.org relnofollowhttpbackbonejs.orgap  pConsider the following scenariop  precode    var model  Backbone.Model.extend        data[           title Apple, logoimagesapple.png, history Some history about       apple,            title Google, logoimagesgoogle.png, history Some history about       google,            title Microsoft, logoimagesmirosoft.png, history Some history about microsoft  ]        ]      codepre  pNow in my view the sidebar should contains links in list form like p  precodelta hrefapplegtAppleltagt lta hrefgooglegtGoogleltagt lta hrefmicrosoftgtMicrosoftltagt codepre  pand on the right side, I want to see apple logo and history which passed in the data above.p  pSimilarly when somebody clicks on google on the runtime, I change the content on right side of sidebarp  pAny guidance on how to get this..p
Negative 325 pUsing vs2012, Ive got a Test Unit project for testing a Service that incorporates an .edmx file and linq.  The edmx is created at design time and I have created an object called Store.Data.Common that retrieves the connection string from the App.Config file decrypts the string and builds the entire string including the meta datap  precodeObject is called Store.Data.Common public static string GetConnectionStringstring databaseName      var security  new Security      var connectionString  security.GetDecodedConfigurationManager.ConnectionStrings[databaseNameEncrypted].ToString, 0     var environment  ConfigurationManager.AppSettings[Environment].ToString     var dataSource  security.GetDecodedConfigurationManager.AppSettings[environment], 0      connectionString  string.FormatconnectionString, dataSource      return connectionString  codepre  pIve also strongmodified the .tt filesstrong to include an overload of the constructor to call this method to build the connection string, like sop  precodeOriginal Constructor which I modified and added the parameter to pass to the other constructor. public StoreContext   basenameStoreContext    Constructor I added public StoreContextstring connection      Store.Data.Common.ConnectionBuilder.GetConnectionStringStoreContext  codepre  pEverything builds correctly, however, when I try to newup an object for the StoreContext and leave the constructor empty, it never gets to the second constructorp  precodeStoreContext storeContext  new StoreContext codepre  pWhen I debug this test and walk through it, it only gets to the first constructor and thats it.  Obviously, if I do something like thisp  precodeStoreContext storeContext  new StoreContextBlah codepre  pThen it goes to the second one as expected....by my question is, why doesnt the first method work when passing nothing to the constructor  Technically it should work, right    p
Negative 325 pI have two classes  codePointcode, that lives only in codeSpacecodep  precodeclass Point  private     Pointconst Space ampspace, int x0, int y0, int z0     int x, y, z     const Space amp mspace  codepre  pThe constructor is intentionally private, I dont want it to be called directly. Id like to create Points this wayp  precodeSpace mySpace Point myPoint  mySpace.Point5,7,3 codepre  pIs there any way to do so Thanks.p
Negative 325 pIm looking for a small and cheap very application that will let the user design a simple form to capture data to XML. The XML is very simple and will be overwritten with every capture, i.e. not written in a record in an XML database. I can do it myself too easily with  Winforms but my friend is looking for a definite desktop, not online, application to generate the forms, and Visual Studio is just too expensive.p
Negative 325 pI want to send a short signal with a fixed frequency of 15 000 HZ to the audio jack. That will be feasible on the Windows Phone 8 platformp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pWe are currently working on an asynchronous REST API with a priority on performance.p  pInitially, we wanted to deploy Node.js due to its eventdriven architecture, which would fit the usecase nicely, but unfortunately, JavaScript doesnt have support for SCTP sockets yet.p  pThis lead us to Python and after some considerations, we decided to go with uWSGI amp gevent.p  pHowever, due to the nature of the architecture, there are two areas with significant overhead.p  pIn order to solve the issue of caching data in memory, we use the uWSGI caching framework, which should perform well.p  pThe second issue is that the application connects to a backend handler through SCTP. With the current setup, this connection will be established and closed for every request. With thousands of requests per second, it leaves a big overhead.p  pIn the ideal case, we would like to establish the socket connection permanently and keep reusing it for each request. In PHP, this is possible with persistent socket connections. Does Python  uWSGI offer a similar feature Alternatively, we could use the uWSGI queuing framework and process requests in bunches.p  pAny advice is welcome.p
Negative 325 pI am using Saxon 4.4.2 to convert DocBook to various formats e.g. HTML, PDF, ePub.  I am doing development on a MacBook Pro using Eclipse.   Everything is written in Java. On my Mac, everything works fine.  When I use Eclipse to generate a deployable plugin, copy the plugin and drop it into my Eclipse installation on Windows 7, and run the conversion from DocBook to HTML, Saxon reports Failed to compile stylesheet.  1 error detected.p  pThe error comes from p  blockquote   pcom.icl.saxon.TransformerFactoryImpl, method newTemplates line 120.p blockquote  pcalled by p  blockquote   pcom.icl.saxon.TransformerFactoryImpl, method newTransformer, line 72. p blockquote  pMy calling line of code isp  precodeTransformer transformer  tfactory.newTransformerxsl codepre  pThe setting of xsl is done via this linep  precodeStreamSource xsl  new StreamSourceDocBookTransformer.class.getResourceAsStreamlibdocbookxsl1.76.1xhtmldocbook.xsl  codepre  pWhy would Saxon process the stylesheet without error on a Mac, but fail to parse it on Windows, when it is the same Saxon Jars and the same stylesheet file being processed on both machinesp
Negative 325 pCould someone look at my code and tell me what Im doing wrong. The code retrieves the ID from the position in the array, uses a switch statement, and changes the layout based on what is selected. Any suggestions It is not listed here, but the code has imported all proper classes and packagesp  precodepublic class Newpage extends Activity   Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState           get intent data     Intent i  getIntent       Selected image id     int position  i.getExtras.getIntid   based on position switches to its respective screen      switch position         case 6        super.onCreatesavedInstanceState        TextView view  TextView findViewByIdR.layout.page1        this.setContentViewview        break    case 0        super.onCreatesavedInstanceState        view  TextView findViewByIdR.layout.page2        this.setContentViewview        break    case 1        super.onCreatesavedInstanceState        view  TextView findViewByIdR.layout.page3        this.setContentViewview        break    case 2        super.onCreatesavedInstanceState        view  TextView findViewByIdR.layout.page4        this.setContentViewview        break    case 3        super.onCreatesavedInstanceState        view  TextView findViewByIdR.layout.page5        this.setContentViewview        break    case 4        super.onCreatesavedInstanceState        view  TextView findViewByIdR.layout.page6        this.setContentViewview        break    case 7        super.onCreatesavedInstanceState        view  TextView findViewByIdR.layout.page7        this.setContentViewview        break          codepre  pp
Negative 325 pI have in my ViewModel a list that contain 2 ou 3 valuesp  precodepublic class person     Listltstringgt civilitygetset    string nom  getset    sting prenom  getset  codepre  phow can i create a combobox in the view mapped to civility property. Sometimes we show combobox if the list  contain 2 values et sometimes 3 if the list contains 3 and obtain the value in submitp
Negative 325 pI have NSString that has value strong22042013 0556strong, as per the requirement I just want to calculate this time and date and show some condition based messages.p  pstrongFirst conditionstrong If String date   current date and stringtime  current timestring date  current date and string time lt 1 minute from current timep  pstrongSecond conditionstrong If String date   current date and stringtime  current time by how many minutes or hourp  pstrongThird Conditionstrong To know is string date is yesterday.p  pstrongFourth Conditionstrong To Know is string date is day before yesterday.p  pI am receiving this string from server. How can I achieve above things with this strong22042013 0556strong string.p
Negative 325 pOn my web page I have a centered logolead along with two divs below the logolead. I wish to make the divs seem centered in accordance to the logolead.p  pI have attempted to center the divs by using Twitter Bootstraps spans but the divs are still not truly centered.p  precode    ltdiv classrowfluid marketinggt         ltdiv classspan3gtltdivgt         ltdiv classspan3 textglowhoverwithdelaygt             lth2gtlti classiconbeakergt ltigt Genuinely Testedlth2gt             ltpgt                 Guru has undergone an enormous amount of testing                 ltbr gt                 via lta hrefhttpjunit.org reltooltip datatoggletooltip dataplacementbottom title                 dataoriginaltitleVisit their websitegtJUnitltagt the programmeroriented testing framework.             ltpgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classspan4 textglowhoverwithdelaygt             lth2gtlti classiconbookgt ltigt Full Documentationlth2gt             ltpgt                 We provide fullsourcefulldocumentation for our users.             ltpgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre  pIf you need more information you can take a look at the website a hrefhttpguru.jire.org relnofollowhttpguru.jire.orgap
Negative 325 pwhen I try to load the AdMob ad my app iPad app crushes, This is my codep  precodeGoogle AdMob bannerView  [[GADBannerView alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMake0.0,                                                               self.view.frame.size.height                                                                GADSIZE728x90.height 40,                                                               GADSIZE728x90.width,                                                               GADSIZE728x90.height]   Specify the ads unit identifier. This is your AdMob Publisher ID. bannerView.adUnitID  XXXXXXXXXXXXXX   Let the runtime know which UIViewController to restore after taking  the user wherever the ad goes and add it to the view hierarchy. bannerView.rootViewController  self [self.view addSubviewbannerView]   Initiate a generic request to load it with an ad. [bannerView loadRequest[GADRequest request]]  [bannerView release] codepre  pThe log isp  precode20130727 134437.145 XXXX[4057907]  Terminating app due to uncaught exception NSInvalidArgumentException, reason [GADObjectPrivate changeState] unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x1e011f30  First throw call stack 0x312122a3 0x390bd97f 0x31215e07 0x31214531 0x3116bf68 0x10d624 0x10f700 0x10caa0 0xea9b7 0x33039595 0x330c5353 0x33106d11 0x33105fe7 0x332283ef 0x331050c5 0x33105077 0x33105055 0x3310490b 0x33104e01 0x3302d5f1 0x3301a801 0x3301a11b 0x34d255a3 0x311e7683 0x311e6ee9 0x311e5cb7 0x31158ebd 0x31158d49 0x34d242eb 0x3306e301 0xbe065 0x394f4b20 libcabi.dylib terminate called throwing an exception lldb  codepre  pWhats wrong herep
Negative 325 pI want to mimic the features of gallery app provided in Sony Xperia in iPhone app. I gallary app, images are shown in grid grouped by date and the first photo of the section is twice in size than the others. On pinching out  in, all photos get zoom out  in.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1hkeK.png altenter image description herep  pI used PSTCollectionView as suggested by Lithu T.V and have created a custom layout. In that layout I have overridden code NSArray layoutAttributesForElementsInRectCGRectrectcode. Bellow is the code for same.p  precode called continuously as the rect changes   NSArray layoutAttributesForElementsInRectCGRectrect   NSArray attribs  [super layoutAttributesForElementsInRectrect]   NSMutableArray arrmFramesnil  for int i0iltattribs.counti        UICollectionViewLayoutAttributes attributesInitial[attribs objectAtIndex0]       UICollectionViewLayoutAttributes attributes[attribs objectAtIndexi]       Take initial frame from first cell      ifi0     fFirstCellsY  attributes.frame.origin.y       while Y is constant, save the adjusted frames for next cells      else ifattributes.frame.origin.yltfFirstCellsYattributesInitial.frame.size.height             ifarrmFramesnil           arrmFrames[[NSMutableArray alloc]init]           attributes.frameCGRectMakeattributes.frame.origin.x, attributesInitial.frame.origin.y, attributes.frame.size.width, attributes.frame.size.height          [arrmFrames addObjectNSStringFromCGRectCGRectMakeattributes.frame.origin.x, attributes.frame.origin.yattributes.frame.size.height10, attributes.frame.size.width, attributes.frame.size.height]             Adjust the frame of other cells      else                CGRect frame  attributes.frame          attributes.frameCGRectFromStringNSString[arrmFrames objectAtIndex0]          [arrmFrames removeObjectAtIndex0]          [arrmFrames addObjectNSStringFromCGRectframe]              return attribs  codepre  pThis works and the layout is looking like I wanted. By this method more cells become visible than those by using default layout and my layout looks OK. but when I scroll down then some visible cells are getting reloaded. I guess the reason is the delegate method code PSUICollectionViewCell collectionViewPSUICollectionView cv cellForItemAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPathcode is getting called before code NSArray layoutAttributesForElementsInRectCGRectrectcode which is there in my custom layout. and so the cells which were not visible in default layout but visible in custom layout are reloaded late.p  pHow can I overcome thisp
Negative 325 pMy team is experiencing an issue where when using Nuget for package management it creates references in my project to specific versions of a dll. Is there a way to stop Nuget from creating these tightly coupled referencesp  pA bit of background.p  pWe are using nuget to manage our internal shared libraries. Packages are normally installed using the VS UI. Nuget packages are created using nuget.exe spec and nuget.exe pack on the .csproj file.p  pWe use a standard branching strategy of mainline dev is done on trunk and release off an rc branch.p  pWe didnt want to enter into versioning hell by naming all of our packages x.y.zbuild123 because a dev may need to do a local build away from our CI system and use that to test downstream solutions. Our answer to this was to simplify our package versioning by saying that all trunk builds are simply x.y.zstaging and then an rc build is named x.y.z This would enable a dev to do a local build and with the help of nuget.exe install pointing to a repository on the devs machine use their build in downstream solutions. Without having to update packages etc.p  pThe problem we are seeing is while this works fine at the package level. builds are failing as the references in projects are to specific file versions of an assembly. Which on a local dev build will not include a build number but on the CI server it will.p  pie.p  pA project has a reference something like the following.p  p      p  pThe build number part of the version 123 is different on the CI server to the local dev machine where it is usually 0.p  pIs there any way to get nuget to create version agnostic references eg just the assembly name rather than this almost strong name.p
Negative 325 pIs there any way to auto resize the chart to auto fit the page when printingp  pIt does not fit the page when Im printing, check the image, can you see the right side of the page Its cut. Its a common A4 page.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLLqJd.png altthe chart does not fitp  pBtw, Im using the print button from the chart.p  pThanks p
Negative 325 pI have written the following function to delete the rows for Daylight Saving Time in a pandas dataframe as not every column has data for the hour of switchingp  precodedef hrsDSTdelete df     import pandas as pd         hrsDSTadjust  [20000326 020000, ...  20120325 020000, 20130331 020000]      for DSTvalue in hrsDSTadjust                                   if DSTvalue in df.index                df  df.droppd.TimestampDSTvalue              print DST hour , DSTvalue,  deleted              return df    pass codepre  pAs this seems to work when deleting single rows, the following error message occurs when trying to do it with this loopp  blockquote   pexceptions.TypeError Timestamp object is not iterablep blockquote  pI have tried also with p  precodedf   df.ix[DSTvalue].drop codepre  pbut this does not seem to delete the row in the dataframe. Has anyone got an idea what I am doing wrongp
Negative 325 pIm creating a plain object first before I use .ajax. So I can add other keyvalues to configure the request before loading itp  precodevar options         type GET,     url url,     dataType json,     cache false,     success functionmsg         alertThis works         cfuncmsg         delete xmlPool[key]         xhr  .ajaxoptions codepre  pSadly, no This works message is displayed... Thanks for helping outp
Negative 325 pI try to access a service from a FormType extended by AbstractType. How can I do thatp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIs it possible to align a floated element to the bottom of its parent div and retain textwrapping, using CSS preferably but JQuery if necessaryp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.net7nrMp1 relnofollowHeres a jsFiddle example of the issueap  precodeltdiv classcontentgt     ltdiv classfloatedtopgtltdivgt      ltpgtBacon ipsum dolor sit amet andouille jerky leberkas salami turkey, meatball prosciutto biltong shank chicken jowl frankfurter boudin. Beef pork chop fatback, shank ball tip hamburger meatball strip steak tbone ground round meatloaf flank pork ribeye. Beef spare ribs pig flank. Kielbasa beef ribs turkey strip steak tail pastrami prosciutto jowl ham hock shoulder hamburger venison brisket flank.ltpgt      ltpgtBiltong pork loin short ribs salami. Pork flank beef filet mignon biltong meatball. Frankfurter andouille bresaola, shank sausage shoulder tritip bacon pork salami meatball fatback capicola strip steak. Chicken ground round strip steak bacon pancetta pork loin leberkas boudin pork chop shank fatback. Turkey doner spare ribs cow shank boudin tbone frankfurter turducken tongue flank kielbasa pork.ltpgt      ltpgtGround round tritip venison fatback. Shank tenderloin ribeye pastrami prosciutto strip steak capicola ground round spare ribs salami pork. Bacon strip steak jowl meatloaf prosciutto doner sausage leberkas beef. Tongue pork chop cow short ribs. Ham hock pork loin doner, drumstick short ribs chicken fatback flank frankfurter rump beef cow ribeye.ltpgt      ltpgtShort ribs chicken shank, meatball jerky shoulder turducken. Short loin short ribs sausage meatball biltong rump pork loin boudin chicken. Tongue boudin leberkas, fatback biltong beef ribs short loin corned beef hamburger rump salami ball tip turducken kielbasa tritip. Pork belly spare ribs hamburger boudin, short ribs rump biltong andouille tritip pork loin beef ribs frankfurter tongue meatball. Corned beef swine brisket short loin tritip.ltpgt      ltdiv classfloatedbotgtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pThe element codefloatedtopcode behaves as I usually expectwant a floated element to behave. Text wraps around the element, and the top of the codefloatedtopcode is aligned with the top of the text. If the floated element is the first element in a parent div, its aligned with the top of that parent.p  pHowever, I cannot align the floated element with the bottom of the text, or the bottom of the parent div.p  pI know I could use absolute positioning...p  precode.content      position relative   .floatedbot      position absolute     left 0     bottom 0  codepre  p...to position the element where I want, but I would then lose the textwrapping that codefloatcode gives me.p  pIs what Im after possiblep
Negative 325 pHow to stack the graphs in the following examplep  precodealtas.POSIXlt20130701 000000,origin  19600101,tzGMT bltas.POSIXlt20130708 000000,origin  19600101,tzGMT woche1ltsampleseqas.numerica,by6060,length.out200,200,T woche2ltsampleseqas.numericb,by6060,length.out200,200,T timesltcwoche1,woche2 classtimesltcPOSIXt,POSIXct  timesltas.POSIXlttimes,origin  19600101,tzGMT keyltsampleLETTERS[13],200,T dfltdata.frametimestimes,orderfactorrep12,each100, keykey pltggplotdf, aesxtimes pltp  geomareaaesy  ..count.., fill  key, group  key,stat  bin,position  stack,position  stack pltp  facetwrap  order,scalesfreex p codepre
Negative 325 pI am trying to make a quiz app and I am new to IOS.I want to get 3 wrong answers from an array  of 6 wrong answers for a specific question and there will be 1 correct answer for each question.I want to randomize the wrong options every time the question is shown.So every time the question is shown the app will choose 3 wrong options from the array and 1 correct answer.How can I code thisI would be glad if you can help me on this.p  pThank you..p  precode     int counted  [theOptions count]      int i        NSMutableArray indexes  [[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithCapacitycounted]      for i0 iltcounted i [indexes addObject[NSNumber numberWithInti]]     NSMutableArray shuffle  [[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithCapacitycounted]     while [indexes count]              int index  rand[indexes count]         [shuffle addObject[indexes objectAtIndexindex]]         [indexes removeObjectAtIndexindex]           NSMutableArray shuffledOptions  [[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithCapacity4]     for int i0 iltcounted i              int randomIndex  [[shuffle objectAtIndexi] intValue]         [shuffledOptions addObject[theOptions objectAtIndexrandomIndex]]         UIButton optionButton  [optionsButtonsArray objectAtIndexi]         optionButton.tag  randomIndex           return shuffledOptions    return theOptions codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to get my empty frame so that when I click the X it just hides the window, and then if I hit the dock icon itll reveal the window. Its turning out to be more of a challenge than I expected.. I used a hrefhttpwiki.wxpython.orgOptimizing20for20Mac20OS20X relnofollowhttpwiki.wxpython.orgOptimizing20for20Mac20OS20Xa but I cant make ends of it.p  pHeres my codep  precodeimport wx  class Framewx.Frame     def initself         wx.Frame.initself, None, 1, title,stylewx.SYSTEMMENU  wx.CLOSEBOX  wx.CAPTION, size300,300     panel  wx.Panelself       def MacReopenAppself, event          print Attempting to reveal the window.      def MacHideAppself, event         print Attempting to hide the window.   if name  main     app  wx.App     frame  Frame     frame.Show     app.MainLoop codepre
Negative 325 pIm developing an android live wallpaper with libgdx and Ive got a big problem when I use proguard. This is the error when my livewallpaper is starting p  precode0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276 java.lang.RuntimeException Couldnt construct AndroidInput, this should never happen 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at com.badlogic.gdx.backends.android.o.aUnknown Source 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at com.badlogic.gdx.backends.android.q.aUnknown Source 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at com.badlogic.gdx.backends.android.r.onCreateUnknown Source 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at android.service.wallpaper.WallpaperServiceEngine.attachWallpaperService.java777 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at android.service.wallpaper.WallpaperServiceIWallpaperEngineWrapper.executeMessageWallpaperService.java1037 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at com.android.internal.os.HandlerCallerMyHandler.handleMessageHandlerCaller.java40 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5227 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java795 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java562 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276 Caused by java.lang.NoSuchMethodException ltinitgt [interface com.badlogic.gdx.a, class android.content.Context, class java.lang.Object, class com.badlogic.gdx.backends.android.a] 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at java.lang.Class.getConstructorOrMethodClass.java460 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276    at java.lang.Class.getConstructorClass.java431 0817 135550.755 EAndroidRuntime28276  codepre  pAnd this is my proguard.cfgp  precodeoptimizationpasses 5 dontusemixedcaseclassnames dontskipnonpubliclibraryclasses dontpreverify verbose optimizations codesimplificationarithmetic,field,classmerging  dontwarn java.awt. dontnote java.awt. dontwarn com.badlogic.gdx.jnigen. dontwarn com.moribitotech.mtx.  keep public class  extends android.app.Activity keep public class  extends android.app.Application keep public class  extends android.app.Service keep public class  extends android.content.BroadcastReceiver keep public class  extends android.content.ContentProvider keep public class  extends android.app.backup.BackupAgentHelper keep public class  extends android.preference.Preference keep public class com.android.vending.licensing.ILicensingService  keep class com.bugsense.trace.models.         keepclassmembers class .MraidViewJavaScriptInterface         keepclassmembers class .SmartWallActivityAppWallJavaScriptInterface           keepclasseswithmembernames class       native ltmethodsgt   keepclasseswithmembers class       public ltinitgtandroid.content.Context, android.util.AttributeSet   keepclasseswithmembers class       public ltinitgtandroid.content.Context, android.util.AttributeSet, int   keepclassmembers class  extends android.app.Activity     public void android.view.View   keepclassmembers enum       public static [] values     public static  valueOfjava.lang.String   keep class  implements android.os.Parcelable    public static final android.os.ParcelableCreator    keepclasseswithmembers class .R          public static ltfieldsgt         keep class  extends android.view.View               public ltinitgtandroid.content.Context        public ltinitgtandroid.content.Context, android.util.AttributeSet        public ltinitgtandroid.content.Context, android.util.AttributeSet, int        void set         get          keepclassmembers class                static final                          static final java.lang.String             keepattributes SetJavaScriptEnabled     keepattributes JavascriptInterface     keepattributes InlinedApi      dontwarn com.bugsense.trace.models.   keep public class cmn.ProguardKeepMembers  keep public class  implements cmn.ProguardKeepMembers keepclassmembers class  implements cmn.ProguardKeepMembers      ltmethodsgt   keepattributes Annotation dontwarn android.webkit.JavascriptInterface codepre  pThank you for your helpp
Negative 325 pI am using Jasper Reports in my project for producing the reports in multiple formats. Although all the code examples run fine, I have ran into a conceptual issue.p  pI wrote this trivial code which produces a PDF at the browser as a download optionp  precode    GET     Pathbasicdbreport     Producesapplicationpdf     public Response basicDbReportContext ServletContext context,             Context HttpServletResponse response throws JRException,             IOException          Connection connection  null         byte[] reportBytes  null         String reportName  firstsqlexample          File file  new Filepath  reportName  JASPEREXTENSION           check if compiled report exists         if file.exists              compileReportcontext.getRealPathpath  reportName  JRXMLEXTENSTION                    input stream for filling the compiled report         InputStream compiledReportStream  context.getResourceAsStreampath                  reportName  JASPEREXTENSION          try              connection  dataSource.getConnection             reportBytes  JasperRunManager.runReportToPdfcompiledReportStream,                     new HashMapltString, Objectgt, connection           catch SQLException e              e.printStackTrace          finally              try                  connection.close              catch SQLException e                  e.printStackTrace                                if reportBytes  null              ServletOutputStream outputStream  response.getOutputStream             outputStream.writereportBytes                   ResponseBuilder restResponse  Response.ok         restResponse.headerContentDisposition,                 attachment filenamefirstSQLReport.pdf         return restResponse.build      codepre  pThe code runs fine and I get stronga download promptstrong at the browser. However, when I dug deeper into the Jasper API I found a method a hrefhttpjasperreports.sourceforge.netapinetsfjasperreportsengineJasperRunManager.htmlrunReportToPdfStream28java.io.InputStream,20java.io.OutputStream,20java.util.Map,20java.sql.Connection29 relnofollowrunReportToPdfStreama method which would handle the output stream for me. p  pThe new code looks something like thisp  precode    GET     Pathbasicdbreport     Producesapplicationpdf     public Response basicDbReportContext ServletContext context,             Context HttpServletResponse response throws JRException,             IOException          ServletOutputStream outputStream  response.getOutputStream         Connection connection  null         String reportName  firstsqlexample          File file  new Filepath  reportName  JASPEREXTENSION           check if compiled report exists         if file.exists              compileReportcontext.getRealPathpath  reportName  JRXMLEXTENSTION                    input steam to fill complied report         InputStream compiledReportStream  context.getResourceAsStreampath                  reportName  JASPEREXTENSION          try              connection  dataSource.getConnection             JasperRunManager.runReportToPdfStreamcompiledReportStream, outputStream, new HashMapltString, Objectgt, connection           catch SQLException e              e.printStackTrace          finally              try                  connection.close              catch SQLException e                  e.printStackTrace                                ResponseBuilder restResponse  Response.ok         restResponse.headerContentDisposition,                 attachment filenamefirstSQLReport.pdf         return restResponse.build      codepre  pThe code runs fine but strongI do not get any download promptstrong, the pdf gets rendered on the browser instead. The response headers are as follows on the browserp  precodeHTTP1.1 200 OK Server ApacheCoyote1.1 TransferEncoding chunked Date Wed, 21 Aug 2013 055142 GMT codepre  pstrongWhats the reason that the code now fails to provide a download promptstrong I am not an ace with HTTP but I guess thisp  precoderestResponse.headerContentDisposition,                     attachment filenamefirstSQLReport.pdf codepre  pis responsible for the download option. Its nowhere in the response although I did include it in the code. Please advice.p
Negative 325 pbr It may be a common question, but Ive app, which is making request tobr belldmess.czapi...bbr But this api has gone.br Now I want something, that bcatchb request to ielldmess.czapii, reformat it and send it tobr bapi.elldmess.czbbr inote, it has another format  from URI request to JSONbased, so simple redirecting wont workibrbr Ive thought about some proxy, which bwrapb old application and remake request.br App is desktop, JavaFX based.p
Negative 325 pForgive me if this is one of those dumb questions.p  pIm writing a theme for wordpress and making use of PHP variables to communicate between files.p  precodeltphp     somevar  cat     display  10     include catdisplay.php gt codepre  pIt has suddenly ocured to me that while I am including my own files, Wordpress must be including my files. What if those variables that I think I have declared have already been declared up the chain and hold something important.p  pThe last thing I want to do is open my .htaccess for abuse or have something unmeaningful added to the database.p  precodeuserid  10  Oops just granted uberuser status to WillyWonka codepre  pDo I have anything to worry aboutp
Negative 325 pI have a created A browser enabled form it has two fields. I want to use  the SharePoint object model.p  pI have added the SharePoint dll to the project and also  include  the using Microsoft.Sharepoint statement.p  precode   using Microsoft.Office.InfoPath using System using System.Xml using System.Xml.XPath using Microsoft.SharePoint  namespace test1      public partial class FormCode           public void InternalStartup              ButtonEventEventManager.ControlEvents[CTRL25].Clicked  new ClickedEventHandlerCTRL25Clicked           public void CTRL25Clickedobject sender, ClickedEventArgs e               string url  httpsite         using SPSite site  new SPSiteurl                       using SPWeb web  site.OpenWeb                              XPathNavigator nav  MainDataSource.CreateNavigator                 nav.SelectSingleNodemymyFieldsmyfield1, NamespaceManager.SetValueweb.Title.to nav.SelectSingleNodemymyFieldsmyfield2,NamespaceManager.Value.ToString                                Write your code here.       codepre  p p  pWhen i click on the button i get the following error.p  precodeSystem.Security.SecurityException Request for the permission of type Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.SharePointPermission, Microsoft.SharePoint.Security, Version12.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken71e9bce111e9429c failed.    at test1.FormCode.CTRL25ClickedObject sender, ClickedEventArgs e    at Microsoft.Office.InfoPath.Internal.ButtonEventHost.OnButtonClickDocActionEvent pEvent    at Microsoft.Office.Interop.InfoPath.SemiTrust.ButtonEventSinkSinkHelper.OnClickDocActionEvent pEvent codepre  pUnder the Forms options Security and trust  Full trust.p  precodePlease can anyone suggest if  I need to do anything else. codepre
Negative 325 pI would like to be sure I understood correctly these concepts. The explanationsconfirmations will help me a lot and Im sure many other programmers. So here are my understandings of these concepts, resulted from my investigationp  ol lipVolatile is used when you want to share a variable between multiple threads. a What is the difference bwteen declaring a shared between threads variable volatile and not to  b Should we always declare it volatile in were accessing it from different threads c Does it make sense to synchronize a volatile variablepli lipAtomicReference is a class that wraps our object and provides some atomic operations on it  compareAndSet, lazySet and weakCompareAndSet . This is all, no synchronization, no nothing. a Does it make sense to declare an AtomicReference volatile b But synchronize it, since AtomicReference.get is not synchronized nor the setpli lipSynchronization is a concept that means sequential access to a variable that is shared between multiple threads. It can be done by instance and by class. Synchronization can be added into methods headers or in code blocks. No mistery here I hope pli ol  pRegards, Aurelianp
Negative 325 pIve deployed a stack in Amazon OpsWorks, and I extensively use custom cookbooks to deploy my application. I have a number of instances in my stack that are loadbased they only boot up when needed.p  pAnytime I make changes to my custom cookbooks, I have to manually update the cookbooks on any running instances by navigating to Deployments  Run Command. The problem is that any nonbooted instances are not updated, and they dont automatically update at their next boot.p  pIve figured out that I can delete and then recreate all my loadbased instances, forcing them to be completely resetup when theyre next needed, but there must be a better way to deploy updated custom cookbooks.p  pHow can I force my offline loadbased instances to update their cookbooks at the next boot even every boot would be finep
Negative 325 precodeFSDirectory fsd  FSDirectory.openindexDirectory  IndexSearcher is  new IndexSearcherfsd  QueryParser parser  new QueryParserVersion.LUCENECURRENT,data, analyzer codepre
Negative 325 pIn my code.bashrccode I define a function which I can use on the command line laterp  precodefunction mycommand      ssh user123.456.789.0 cd testdir.test.sh 1  codepre  pWhen using this command, just the codecdcode command is executed on the remote host the codetest.shcode command is executed on the local host. This is because the semicolon separates two different commands the codesshcode command and the codetest.shcode command. p  pI tried defining the function as follows note the single quotesp  precodefunction mycommand      ssh user123.456.789.0 cd testdir.test.sh 1  codepre  pI tried to keep the codecdcode command and the codetest.shcode command together, but the argument code1code is not resolved, independent of what I give to the function. It is always tried to execute a commandp  precode.test.sh 1 codepre  pon the remote host. p  pHow do I properly define codemycommandcode, so the script codetest.shcode is executed on the remote host after changing into the directory codetestdircode, with the ability to pass on the argument given to codemycommandcode to codetest.shcodep
Negative 325 pI making an android app using Google map V2, i willing to provide an option for end user  i.e Make offline like this a hrefhttpwww.digitaltrends.commobilehowtodownloadofflinemapsingooglemaps relnofollowwww.digitaltrends.commobilehowtodownloadofflinemapsingooglemapsa. Can any one tell me how to integrate code in my project for above requirement. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pCurrently Im working on an application which embeds the mongoose webserver. In some cases, I have to call additional functions inside the codebeginrequesthandlercode to create the desired HTTP header. During this, I realized that theses functions are called strongafterstrong the request handler is done. For examplep  precodevoid test      printfHELLO      static int beginrequesthandlerstruct mgconnection conn      test     const struct mgrequestinfo requestinfo  mggetrequestinfoconn     ...     return 1  codepre  pHere the HELLO is getting printed right after the browser closes the tcp connection. Is there even a way to call functions from inside the callbacks Or am I just missing somethingp
Negative 325 pHow do I cleanrevertundo local, uncommited changes in a emsingleem source file with Fossilp  pThe a hrefhttpfossilscm.orgindex.htmlhelpcmdclean relnofollowcleana command looks to me like it should do the trick, but no, the local changes are still there.  I am looking for the same effect as git checkout filename.c would have.p
Negative 325 pBasically I have a gigantic form that would be a pain for anyone to have to refill. We have to implement reCaptcha to prevent spam bots.p  pI want to make it so that if the user enters the reCaptcha incorrectly, their form data is not lost.p  pThe form, reCaptcha lib, and reCaptcha initialization code are in their own file titled codeApplication.phpcode. This form POSTs to codeapplicationconfirm.phpcode. codeapplicationconfirmcode includes another file which processes the form data into an email format and sends it to the admin.p  pcodeApplication.phpcode is required on another php page ironically also titled application.php  this is the one the user visits, and then the form html is included from the previously mentioned Application.php via coderequirecontentApplication.phpcodep  pI dont really know what I need to do to or where I need to place the captcha validity check  any help much appreciatedp
Negative 325 pI have code that used to work and still works with the latest SDK 1.8.3 However in production it does not work any more. It fails right herep  precodech  new goog.appengine.Channeltoken ch.open  lt this never returns codepre  pThe browser debugger shows the stacktrace below. The channek.js code from production a hrefhttpstalkgadget.google.comtalkgadgetchannel.js relnofollowhttpstalkgadget.google.comtalkgadgetchannel.jsa p  precodeUncaught TypeError Cannot read property removeEventListener of undefined [VM] channel.js 1828022 Qb [VM] channel.js 1828022 cb [VM] channel.js 1828014 g.Ma [VM] channel.js 1828030 Zd [VM] channel.js 1828088 ae [VM] channel.js 1828087  [VM] channel.js 1828095 ge.open [VM] channel.js 18280100 reset 062a630fa51c7bd829554631f0939936schoolswapp.js1 anonymous function codepre  pIn the case of the SDK I also see some random javascript stack traces that look like the one below but with the SDK the code works as expected. I mention this for completeness in case somebody can spot the issue.p  precodeUncaught TypeError Cannot call method markAsRemoved of undefined jsapi3069 goog.events.ListenerMap.removeAll jsapi3069 goog.events.EventTarget.removeAllListeners jsapi3159 goog.events.EventTarget.disposeInternal jsapi3142 goog.net.XhrIo.disposeInternal jsapi4915 goog.Disposable.dispose jsapi2538 goog.net.XhrIo.cleanupSend jsapi4841 goog.events.EventTarget.fireListeners jsapi3171 goog.events.EventTarget.dispatchEventInternal jsapi3207 goog.events.EventTarget.dispatchEvent jsapi3138 goog.net.XhrIo.cleanUpXhr jsapi4955 goog.net.XhrIo.onReadyStateChangeHelper jsapi4943 goog.net.XhrIo.onReadyStateChangeEntryPoint jsapi4927 goog.net.XhrIo.onReadyStateChange codepre
Negative 325 pMy friend recently told me that I was able to do something likep  precodehttpexample.comabout codepre  pwithout having to create a directory and place a index.html inside of it, like this.p  precodehttpexample.comaboutindex.html codepre  pHow in the world do you do this I didnt know it was even possible to do unless you created a directory and placed a index.html inside of it, anyway thanks. p
Negative 325 pI have an embedded application that I am working on. To protect the data on this image its partitions are mounted RO this helps prevent flash errors when the power is lost unexpectedly since I cannot guarantee clean shutdowns, you could pull the plugp  pAn application I am working that needs to be protected resides on this RO partition, however this program also needs to be able to change configuration files on the same RO file system. I have code that allows me to remount this partition RW as needed eg for firmware updates, but this requires all the processes to be stopped that are running from the read only partition ie killall myapplication. Hence it is not possible for my application to remount the partition it needs to modify without first killing itself I am not sure which one is the chicken and which one is the egg, but you get the gist.p  pIs there a way to start my application in such a way that the entire binary is kept in RAM and there is no link back to the partition from which it was run so that the unmount reports the partition as busyp  pOr alternatively is there a way to safely remount this RO partition without first killing the process running on itp
Negative 325 pI seem to be in some kind of DerivedData hell.p  pOn machine A I have an Xcode 4 workspace containing two OSX projects. One is a static library. The other is an application that links to the static library from the workspace. Everything is working fine on one machine.p  pNow I push this from Machine A to a git repository and pull it from Machine B. The link to the static library is broken, because apparently it included the partly randomly generated path to the DerivedData directory from Machine A. The DerivedData path on Machine B has a different randomly generated part.p  pHelp Am I doing something wrongp
Negative 325 pI have a nav bar that appears on every page of my website.  There is a link in the navbar like thisp  precodelt linkto Publish , newusercomictitlepathuserid currentuser.id gt codepre  pI am using the DEVISE gem.  Each user has many codeComictitlescode, which is why I have the codenewusercomictitlepathcode.  The problem is, when the user is signed out, codecurrentuser.idcode  nil.  The error is belowp  precodeCalled id for nil, which would mistakenly be 4  if you really wanted the id of nil, use objectid codepre  pI would like 1 the page to render without it throwing this error and 2 if the link is clicked and the user is not signed it, it redirects to the sign in page.p  pReally appreciate the helpp
Negative 325 precodeifname.val.length gt 3         var usernamename.val             .postvalidate.php,names username,functiondata                              do some stuff                        codepre  pmy php work only by using p  precodename  ampPOST[names] email  ampPOST[emails] codepre  pbut not the usual wayp  precodename  POST[names] email  POST[emails] codepre
Negative 325 pWere currently trying to make our server software use a connection pool to greatly reduce lag however instead of reducing the time queries take to run, it is doubling the time and making it even slower than it was before the connection pool.p  pAre there any reasons for this Does JDBC only allow a single query at a time or is there another issuep  pAlso, does anyone have any examples of multithreaded connection pools to reduce the time hundreds of queries take as the examples we have found only made it worse.p  pWeve tried using BoneCP and Apache DBCP with similar results...p  pThat one is using Apaches DBCP. We also have tried using BoneCP with the same result...p
Negative 325 pI have a problem. It might look simple, but I cant fix this. I have a menu, that shows me 10 items. The 9th item is not aligned in right way, cause has 2 lines of text. How can I fix thisp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netnhAKg relnofollowJSFIDLEap  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltul styleliststylenone width 615pxgt ltli styledisplay inlineblockgtlta classbutao hrefhttpwww.ahighplay.orgptgcaindex.phpid34amppreview1gtDFC Portugalltagt  ltligt ltli styledisplay inlineblockgtlta classbutao hrefhttpwww.ahighplay.orgptgcaindex.phpid30amppreview1gtProcesso DFCltagt  ltligt ltli styledisplay inlineblockgtlta classbutao hrefhttpwww.ahighplay.orgptgcaindex.phpid72amppreview1gtComo Participarltagt  ltligt ltli styledisplay inlineblockgtlta classbutao hrefhttpwww.ahighplay.orgptgcaindex.phpid70amppreview1gtCalendrioltagt  ltligt ltli styledisplay inlineblockgtlta classbutao hrefhttpwww.ahighplay.orgptgcaindex.phpid71amppreview1gtRegulamentoltagt  ltligt ltli styledisplay inlineblockgtlta classbutao hrefhttpwww.ahighplay.orgptgcaindex.phpid26amppreview1gtFAQsltagt  ltligt ltli styledisplay inlineblockgtlta hrefhttpwww.ahighplay.orgptgcaindex.phpid25amppreview1 classbutaogtVdeosltagt  ltligt ltli styledisplay inlineblockgtlta hrefhttpahighplay.orgptgcaindex.phpid61amppreview1 classbutaogtNotciasltagt  ltligt ltli styledisplay inlineblockgtlta hrefhttpwww.ahighplay.orgptgcaindex.phpid27amppreview1 classbutao stylelineheight 20pxgtParceiros  Patrocinadoresltagt  ltligt ltli styledisplay inlineblockgtlta hrefhttpwww.ahighplay.orgptgcaindex.phpid28amppreview1 classbutaogtContactosltagt  ltligt codepre  pp
Negative 325 pIm making simple file uploading script right now. Everything works well, but when I upload another file with same  script just overwrites it. So, what I want is to be able rename each uploaded file to random name. Ex. 12jfisfhassa .extension.p  pHeres what I have so farp  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt lttitlegtFile Uploader v1.0lttitlegt ltlink relstylesheet hrefstyle.cssgt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltcentergt lttable width300 border0 aligncenter cellpadding0 cellspacing1 bgcolorCCCCCCgt lttrgt ltform actionltphp echo SERVER[PHPSELF] gt methodPOST enctypemultipartformdatagt lttdgt lttable width100 border0 cellpadding3 cellspacing1 bgcolorFFFFFFgt lttrgt ltbgtPlease choose a fileltbgtltbrgt ltinput typefile namefileupgtltbrgt ltbrgt ltinput typesubmit namesubmit valueUploadgt lttrgt ltformgt lttablegt ltbodygt lthtmlgt  ltphp  uploadpath  upload         directory to store the uploaded files maxsize  103000000           maximum file size, in KiloBytes  allowtype  arraybmp, gif, jpg, jpe, png, rar, zip, exe         allowed extensions  ifissetFILES[fileup] ampamp strlenFILES[fileup][name] gt 1    uploadpath  uploadpath . basename FILES[fileup][name]                gets the file name   sepext  explode., strtolowerFILES[fileup][name]   type  endsepext        gets extension   listwidth, height  getimagesizeFILES[fileup][tmpname]             gets image width and height   err            to store the errors     Checks if the file has allowed type, size, width and height for images    ifinarraytype, allowtype err . The file ltbgt. FILES[fileup][name]. ltbgt not has the allowed extension type.   ifFILES[fileup][size] gt maxsize1000 err . ltbrgtMaximum file size must be . maxsize.  KB.     If no errors, upload the image, else, output the errors    iferr        ifmoveuploadedfileFILES[fileup][tmpname], uploadpath        echo ltfont colorgreengtltbgtSuccessltbgtltfontgt           echo ltbrgtFile ltbgt. basename FILES[fileup][name]. ltbgt       echo ltbrgtFile type ltbgt. FILES[fileup][type] .ltbgt       echo ltbr gtSize ltbgt. numberformatFILES[fileup][size]1024, 3, .,  .ltbgt KB       echo ltbrgtltbrgtFile path ltinput typetext valuehttp.SERVER[HTTPHOST].rtrimdirnameSERVER[REQUESTURI], ..uploadpath. readonlygt          else echo ltbgtUnable to upload the file.ltbgt      else echo err  gt ltcentergt codepre  pAnd yeah, I dont use mysql. Please help p
Negative 325 pI apologize if this isnt the best code anyone has ever seen. Im somewhat new to angular.js.p  pMy problem is this when the data is returned from my query it simply displays as a block of text. In search.php, inserting echo statements simple displays the output of the echo statement instead of generating the code. I cant seem to force the output to behave.p  precodedata  filegetcontentsphpinput  objData  jsondecodedata  db  mysqlconnectxxxxxxxx, xxxxxxxx, xxxxxxxx or die Error connecting to     database. mysqlselectdbAwardsNew, db or die Couldnt select the database.  results  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM Awards WHERE AwardName LIKE . objDatagtdata .  whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayresults echo row[AwardName] .     mysqlclosedb codepre  pThe bit of html...p  precodeltdiv ngcontrollerSearchCtrlgt     ltform classwell formsearchgt       ltlabelgtSearchltlabelgt       ltinput typetext ngmodelkeywords classinputmedium searchquery placeholderKeywords...gt       ltbutton typesubmit classbtn ngclicksearchgtSearchltbuttongt       ltp classhelpblockgtSingle words only eg AFS, University, Geologyltpgt           ltformgt     ltdiv ngmodelresultgt              result      ltdivgt  ltdivgt codepre  pand the js... this is my weakest linkp  precodefunction SearchCtrlscope, http  scope.url  search.php scope.search  function      http.postscope.url,  data  scope.keywords.     successfunctiondata, status          scope.status  status         scope.data  data         scope.result  data          .     errorfunctiondata, status          scope.data  data  Fail.         scope.status  status                 codepre  pWhat I am trying to do is organize the data in to distinct rows upon retrieval. However, nothing I can do seems to work. At this point, Im not sure where I should look next for direction to resources and help. p
Negative 325 pI have done the following code on a hidden field on IE8  p  precode jQuerymyfield.triggerclick codepre  pBut its not working. On safari, I had the same problem, so I used  p  precodevar evt  document.createEventHTMLEvents evt.initEventclick, true, true  document.getElementByIdmyfield.dispatchEventevt codepre  pBut this code is also not working on IE8.p  pDo you know what I could use on IE8p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pI have two application servers on different computers listening on www.A.com and www.B.com.  www.A.com and www.B.com have same dbs with users.p  pA user U logs in www.A.com. www.A.com using rmi somehow creates a servlet context for A on www.B.com. p  pThen U visits www.B.com and is already logged in.p  pAny thould how to achieve thisp  pPS Please do not recommend me any SSO solution such as CAS. I want to solve it manually. PS I guess that somehow I should create a ServletContext on www.B.com and populating with users IP, username and password.p
Negative 325 pImagine a canvas paint tool where you can draw and paint on a website, but like a chat application, what you draw immediately shows up on your friends canvas as well. WebSockets would be more that perfect for this. But since my website is being hosted by a web hotel that doesnt support JavaScript on the server, WebSockets is not an option if I understood it correctly. Is there any other way I could build it  that almost keeps the efficiency that WebSockets provide Or is my only good solution to host my web site on a server that lets me run JavaScript, suck as note.jsp
Negative 325 pI have two tables Rule and RuleCondition one  many.p  ppeople can add conditions at any time.p  pSuppose initially he adds two conditions. He can comeback and add another condition also can update the conditions that are already added.p  pI am able to save the updated conditions, but not able to insert the extra condition he added. Below is my code, and it is failing atp  precoderule.RuleConditions.AddoRuleCon  Entity set was modified during enumaration codepre  pIf I use the approachp  precodeoAngieCtxt.RuleConditions.InsertOnSubmitoRuleCon codepre  pit is not at all inserting the data.p  pcan somebody advise how to handlep  precodepublic ActionResult saveMetricRuleRule rule              bool IsNew  rule.RuleId  0          using NewAngieDataContext oAngieCtxt  new NewAngieDataContextnew CSConfigurationMgr.GetConnectionStringConnectionStringKey.Angie                      if IsNew                 oAngieCtxt.Rules.InsertOnSubmitrule             else                              RuleCondition oRuleCon  null                 foreach RuleCondition childItem in rule.RuleConditions                                      if childItem.RuleConditionId  0                                              oRuleCon  new RuleCondition                         oRuleCon.Points  childItem.Points                         oRuleCon.ConditionValue  childItem.ConditionValue                         oRuleCon.ToOperatorId  childItem.ToOperatorId                         oRuleCon.Sort  childItem.Sort                         rule.RuleConditions.AddoRuleCon                      oAngieCtxt.RuleConditions.InsertOnSubmitoRuleCon                                          else                                              oRuleCon                              oAngieCtxt.RuleConditions                             .WhereCON gt CON.RuleConditionId  childItem.RuleConditionId                             .FirstOrDefault                          oRuleCon.Points  childItem.Points                         oRuleCon.ConditionValue  childItem.ConditionValue                         oRuleCon.ToOperatorId  childItem.ToOperatorId                         oRuleCon.Sort  childItem.Sort                                                        oAngieCtxt.Rules.Attachrule                 oAngieCtxt.RefreshRefreshMode.KeepCurrentValues, rule                          oAngieCtxt.SubmitChanges                   return this.Jsonnew                      msg  Successful save.,             ruleId  rule.RuleId               codepre
Negative 325 pIn Django, I have not found a way to reorder the order my models appear in the application listing in the administration panel. Ive seen a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions398163orderingadminmodeladminobjectsindjangoadminquestionsa on SO that link to a a hrefhttpdjangosnippets.orgsnippets2613 relnofollowdjangosnippeta. Unfortunately, this snippet doesnt seem to work in 1.5. There is a seven year old a hrefhttpscode.djangoproject.comticket3591 relnofollowfeature requesta regarding this issue. p  pIs there a way, that works in 1.5, to specify application model order on the Django admin Id like to be able to order by model as indicated by the numbers in the image, opposed to the default alphabetical.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtEmii.png altProposed orderingp
Negative 325 pI am trying to use the Android a hrefhttpswww.google.comurlsatamprctjampqampesrcsampsourcewebampcd3ampcadrjaampved0CD4QFjACampurlhttpdeveloper.android.comtoolshelpjobb.htmlampeinGU7UvIK8nlyAGBqIHgCAampusgAFQjCNHUPw9RCMsLCB3nigidn41LYdQampsig2LF0DBRaYRtcq5OcDhNlHpwampbvmbv.52434380,d.aWc relnofollowjobb toola to create a large OBB file for my application, but I am plagued by the FAT Full IOExceptionp  precodejava.io.IOException FAT Full XXXX, YYYY     at de.waldheinz.fs.fat.Fat.allocNewFat.java298     at de.waldheinz.fs.fat.Fat.allocAppendFat.java376     at de.waldheinz.fs.fat.ClusterChain.setChainLengthClusterChain.java175     at de.waldheinz.fs.fat.ClusterChain.setSizeClusterChain.java132     at de.waldheinz.fs.fat.FatFile.setLengthFatFile.java91     at de.waldheinz.fs.fat.FatFile.writeFatFile.java154     at com.android.jobb.Main1.processFileMain.java495     at com.android.jobb.Main.processAllFilesMain.java604     at com.android.jobb.Main.processAllFilesMain.java600     at com.android.jobb.Main.mainMain.java417 Exception in thread main java.lang.RuntimeException Error gettingwriting file with name LASTPROCESSEDFILE     at com.android.jobb.Main1.processFileMain.java501     at com.android.jobb.Main.processAllFilesMain.java604     at com.android.jobb.Main.processAllFilesMain.java600     at com.android.jobb.Main.mainMain.java417 codepre  pIn the above error message, strongXXXXstrong is always printed as exactly one integral value lower than strongYYYYstrong, and represents the number of usable clusters Im not versed enough in storage jargon to know exactly what this means. YYYY represents the last successfully allocated cluster index, which in my experience is always the same as the last usable cluster index the array is sized at XXXX  2, so XXXX  1 which is the same as YYYY is the last usable index.p  pThe crash seems to appear at the point at which the total file size exceeds 511 MB the strongactualstrong limit is strong536,193,820 bytesstrong, a single byte more causes the overflow, so strongLASTPROCESSEDFILEstrong is rather arbitrary, but it lists the file being processed when the crash occurred. Given that the storage format is FAT16 from what Ive been told, shouldnt the maximum file size then be 2 GBp  pI have read through various sources that empty or small directories or files, small total file size, or individual files within the directory over 500 MB can cause this crash though I have not been able to determine why. None of these reasons are applicable to my case which again, is based on total file size.p  pMy own review of the a hrefhttpsandroid.googlesource.complatformtoolsbasec6d5146db825efac637786683efb92b66276900bjobbsrcmainjavacomandroidjobb relnofollowjobb tool sourcea has not provided any insight. Can anyone strongpleasestrong shed any light on this issuep
Negative 325 pI have create a library that will used by other developer in my company. But, I dont known how to return error with efficient. If I create the custom error codes that will return from my library, I dont known what to return when OS APIs CreateFile, open etc. has failed in my library. If I return codeOPENFILEFAILEDcode when codeCreateFilecode return an error, the problem is the caller will unable to known what the cause that make unable to open file.p  pIf I return system error code instead, How to deal when my library need the error codes that is not defined by systemp  pMy library are crossplatform.p  pThanks for advance.p
Negative 325 pIm receiving an Oracle error when attempting to execute a native SQL query that uses a null parameter value. Ive boiled it down to this test casep  precode        String SQLSELECT           select  from act t1 where t1.G074G074 AND t1.G542G542 AND          nvlt1.svhlick, nvlsvhlick,           and  t1.svhlicsvhlic          and t1.sfversion            select maxsfversion from act t2 where t2.G074t1.G074 and t2.G542t1.G542 AND nvl         t2.svhlick, nvlt1.svhlick,  and t2.svhlict1.svhlic         Query q  em.createNativeQuerySQLSELECT, Act.class         .            q.setParametersvhlick, entity.getSvhlick            code pre  pAs you can see, the query uses Oracles NVL function to handle null parameters. However, when I run this code, it fails with an error on the q.getResultList  call. The error is as followsp  precodeORA01465  invalid hex number codepre  pNow, im resolved this problem as p  precode  q.setParametersvhlick, entity.getSvhlick  null     entity.getSvhlick codepre  pBut thisis solution is not good.p  pDatabase Oracle 11gR2  win1251 encoding.  Netbeans 7.3.1 project encoding UTF8. entity.getSvhlick  String svhlick in Oracle  varchar21p  pIm think what problem in difference encoding. These settings change the undesirable Any hints or suggestionsp
Negative 325 pI have a java button that creates a thread, but the button stays pressed even after the thread finished doing the job.p  precodepublic class MainFrame extends javax.swing.JFrame       private void jToggleButton1ActionPerformedjava.awt.event.ActionEvent evt          Thread t  new Threadnew Calculus         t.start        public class Calculus implements Runnable      Override     public void run      do stuf       codepre  pAm I implementing Runnable in the wrong way Or does the thread need something to finishp
Negative 325 pI am new to vhdl and I am trying to compile a code using structural model. I have a simple example shown belowp  precodeENTITY equiv IS     PORT a, b  IN BIT            c     OUT BIT END equiv  ARCHITECTURE structure OF equiv IS      SIGNAL tmp  BIT      COMPONENT xor2         PORT x, y  IN BIT z  OUT BIT     END COMPONENT      COMPONENT inv          PORT x  IN BIT z  OUT BIT      END COMPONENT  BEGIN      u0 xor2 PORT MAP a, b, tmp     u1 inv PORT MAP tmp, c  END structure codepre  pWhen I try to compile this code, I keep receiving an error which saysp  pUndefined objects in selected scopep  pI am also confused as to how the code will determine xor2 is xor What is the internal working of this code I tried searching, but I could not find anything. I want to get my basics right.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pI have follwinig code for search data.p  precodepublic void advanceSearchMethodString advanceName, int advanceTpNumber, String advanceAddress, String advanceDescription     Connection connectionnull     try           for connect to database.         connectionConnection DriverManager.getConnectionjdbcmysqllocalhostcontactbook,root,time1         for communicate with database.         Statement stmtStatementconnection.createStatement         String searchQuerySELECT  FROM Contacts WHERE Name LIKE advanceName AND TelePhoneNumber LIKE advanceTpNumber OR Address LIKE advanceAddress OR Description LIKE advanceDescription         rsstmt.executeQuerysearchQuery         contactTableInDefaultForm.setModelDbUtils.resultSetToTableModelrs     catchException e         JOptionPane.showMessageDialognull, Sorry Connection Failed       codepre  pNo errors in this code.but work catch block. I cannot imagine what I should do. How can I search them p
Negative 325 pI thinking about using frames or iframe for comments, in order to load less data on load. For example lets say I have an article with 100 comments. Ill load only the first 10, so when the user click on page 2 illp  p1 create new frame with 1120 comments.p  p2 put the first 10 comments display none.p  p3 change the onclick on the 2 button to just change the frames display to block and the others to none.p  pstrongmy questions arestrongp  p1 should i use frames or iframes for thisp  p2 Is this idea is good or can it make my website too slowp  p3 Can google see the comments that hide on the frames that arent in the page until i click on the right numberp
Negative 325 pI am a new R user and am having trouble graphing some data in a bar plot. Sorry in advance if this is really easy to do, and I just cant figure it out. I have six sets of data 3 data sets for car 1 at 1, 5, and 10yrs, and 3 data sets of car2 at 1,5, and 10 yrs., where measurements for each car at each age would consist of 1. counting the total number of dents on the cars exterior and 2. number of dents that remove paint. I want to make a boxplot with 6 bars, corresponding to each car and their respective ages, where the column height is the total number of dents that remove paint, with standard deviation bars. Heres what Ive been trying so far only 2 data sets includedp  precodecar1yr1  crep0, 101, rep1, 9 car has 9 dents that remove paint  car1yr5  crep0, 131, rep1, 19 car has 19 dents that remove paint  sd1  sdcar1yr1  sd2  sdcar1yr5  stdv  csd1, sd2  car1yr1  car1yr1[1150]  dentsCar1  data.frameCar1Yr1  car1yr1, Car1Yr5  car1yr5  barplotas.matrixdentsCar1, ylim  c0, 50, beside  TRUE codepre  pIve found an example of error bars codearrowsbar, x, bar, x stdv, length  0.15, angle  90code, but I cant get this to work with my numbers.  Also, in this example, the yaxis stops at 15, but the bars Car1Yr5 goes until 19.  How can I draw a yaxis up to 20 or 30 Again, Im new at R and any help would be greatly appreciated.  Ive been trying to solve this on my own off and on for about 2 weeks. Thanks.p
Negative 325 pIve been using codeSearchScope.fetchObjectscode method till this time, and then it just occurred to me that codefetchRowscode might be the better choice in some cases when you dont need metadata like class names, object stores etc. Something tells me it might be faster, but I didnt found any arguments about what method to use in which case, and why.p  pHere is a hrefhttppic.dhe.ibm.cominfocenterp8docsv5r1m0index.jsptopiccom.ibm.p8.ce.dev.java.doccomfilenetapiquerySearchScope.html relnofollowSearchScope adocumentation.p
Negative 325 pHow to select any specific value from dropdownlist. Currently have YES and NO . If No is selected then should show an error message using Required Field Validator. There should be no error message when the value is selected as YES from dropdownp
Negative 325 pI have one xml file like this p  precodeltDATASETgt ltRECORD ClientId1398 NameMausami PanditgtltRECORDgt ltRECORD ClientId1121 NameTony MeadgtltRECORDgt ltRECORD ClientId1124 NameFrank LeadgtltRECORDgt ltRECORD ClientId1008 NameJulie LilygtltRECORDgt ltDATASETgt codepre  pI need to use this xml data to the dropdown menu in c.net.p  precode string s13  GetClientXML  by this function i am taking xml data to s13 variable.  StringReader theReader  new StringReaders13  DataSet theDataSet  new DataSet  DataRow row1  theDataSet.Tables[0].NewRow  row1[ClientId]  0  row1[Name]   Select   theDataSet.Tables[0].Rows.Addrow1  theDataSet.ReadXmltheReader                                        ddlassto is my combobox. System.Windows.Forms.ComboBox                                                           ddlassto.DataSource  theDataSet.Tables[0]  ddlassto.ValueMember  ClientId  ddlassto.DisplayMember  Name codepre  pBut this is not working. Its not populating into the dropdown list.p  pCan anyone please help me to solve this p
Negative 325 pDoes anyone know if its still possible to upload apps to the app store written for iOS 6 in Xcode 4 I cant uppgraderar to Mac OS 10.8.4, which mean I cant upgrade to Xcode 5. p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI am using a Fragment tabs. each tab has a fragment in it in order to call its reload method. how can I get the current selected fragmentp  pI need something like mTabHost.getFragment but this method doesnt existp  precodemTabHost.setupthis, getSupportFragmentManager, R.id.realtabcontent         mTabHost.addTab                 mTabHost.newTabSpectab1.setIndicatorLatest, MainFragment.class,                 getBundle0         mTabHost.addTabmTabHost.newTabSpectab2.setIndicatorToday, MainFragment.class,                 getBundle1         mTabHost.addTabmTabHost.newTabSpectab3.setIndicatorWeek, MainFragment.class,                 getBundle2         mTabHost.addTabmTabHost.newTabSpectab4.setIndicatorMonth, MainFragment.class,                 getBundle3         mTabHost.addTabmTabHost.newTabSpectab5.setIndicatorYear, MainFragment.class,                 getBundle4 codepre  pHow can I get the instance of MainFragment that the tab is usingp  pI have tried this but i get a null pointerp  precodeMainFragment tag  MainFragmentmTabHost.getTag         tag.reload codepre
Negative 325 pI have some configuration data in the below format. What is the best way to parse this data in python I checked the codecsvcode module and briefly a hrefhttpdocs.astropy.orgenlatestioasciiindex.html relnofollowthisa module. Couldnt figureout how to use it. Existing parser is hacked in perl.p  pre   ColHead1    ColHead2  CH3       abcdefg000                  somev1   abcdefg001                  somev2   abcdefg002                           abcdefg003                           abcdefg004                           abcdefg005                           abcdefg006                           abcdefg007                           abcdefg008                           abcdefg009                           abcdefg010                            pre
Negative 325 pI want to insert a line into a specific location of a .txt file. Now the only way I know is to read out the whole file out as an array, put the given line in the correct place and then write the whole thing back. Is there an easier way to achieve this using Java My intention is to reduce the file access as much as possible.p
Negative 325 pI have following code which works in the main dialog, but cannot work in the second or third dialog. The thing is that I want each page of the tab control can show a embedded dialog, its similar to property page.p  pFirst I create two dialog, codeIDDDIALOG1code and codeIDDDIALOG2code.Then I change the style of them to codechildcode and border to codeNonecode. After that I add codeCDialogcode class to each of them.p  pIn my codeMainDialog.hcode, I have the following codep  precodeinclude Dialog1.h include Dialog2.h ... public     CDialog1 mpara1     CDialog2 mpara2     CTabCtrl mTabCtrl codepre  pIn my codeMainDialog.cppcode, I use the following code to embed the dialo in the codeOnInitDialogcodep  precodemTabCtrl.InsertItem0, TTAB1 mTabCtrl.InsertItem1, TTAB2 mpara1.CreateIDDDIALOG1,GetDlgItemIDDMAINDIALOG mpara2.CreateIDDDIALOG2,GetDlgItemIDDMAINDIALOG  CRect rs mTabCtrl.GetClientRectamprs  rs.top37 rs.bottom8 rs.left13 rs.right7  mpara1.MoveWindowamprs mpara2.MoveWindowamprs  mpara1.ShowWindowTRUE mpara2.ShowWindowFALSE   mTabCtrl.SetCurSel1 codepre  pBy using this way, It can work in this case. But if I want to use this method in my codeSecondDialogcode, the nonmain dialog, it cannot work. Can someone help me out Thanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pWriting code to generate digital certificatep  pAnd when installing in browser getting the errorp  blockquote   pFailed to decode the file.  Either it is not in PKCS 12 format, has been corrupted, or the password you entered was incorrect.p blockquote  pBut I dont have any idea how to add that password to satisfy  codePKCS 12 formatcode. How to go with itp  precodepublic KeyPair generateKeyPair          KeyPair pair  null          try              String password  1234             KeyPairGenerator keyGen  KeyPairGenerator.getInstanceRSA             SecureRandom random  Utils.createFixedRandom              keyGen.initialize1024, random             pair  keyGen.generateKeyPair             PrivateKey privkey1  pair.getPrivate             PublicKey pubKey1  pair.getPublic              byte[] privateKeyBytes  pair.getPrivate.getEncoded             byte[] encryptedPrivateKeyBytes  passwordEncrypt                     password.toCharArray, privateKeyBytes                     Problem might be here                Signature dsa  Signature.getInstanceSHA1withRSA             dsa.initSignprivkey1             Cipher cipher  Cipher                     .getInstanceRSA             cipher.initCipher.ENCRYPTMODE, pubKey1, random             byte[] input  new byte[]  byte 0xbe, byte 0xef              System.out.printlninput    Utils.toHexinput             byte[] cipherText  cipher.doFinalinput             System.out.printlncipher   Utils.toHexcipherText             cipher.initCipher.DECRYPTMODE, privkey1             byte[] plainText  cipher.doFinalcipherText             System.out.printlnplain    Utils.toHexplainText          catch Exception e              System.err.printlnCaught exception   e.toString                   return pair       codepre  pCertificate generated successfully and stuck here.p  pa hrefhttppastebin.com4WcBkDBT relnofollowstrongYou can see full code here.strongap  pThanks for any hints.p
Negative 325 pI have been working with CDirectX 11 lately and creating test projects to better understand both. Currently, I am working on a small project to generate terrain with a simple Marching Cubes algorithm. However, when I went to go compile my code I ran into an unexpected error.p  pa hrefhttppuu.sh4Pnuw.png relnofollowhttppuu.sh4Pnuw.pngap  pAfter spending the past couple days tracking down the error I have determined it is being caused by these lines of codep  precode Loop to decrease size of voxels creating less total voxels. stops when voxels are at desired size for int size  intboxSize  2 size gt intcellSize size  2       Set size every iteration just incase the above for statement doesnt set it.     size  boxSize  2intvoxelDepth  3     for GRIDCELL voxel  voxels               Get the center of a previous valid voxel         center  voxel.p[6]  voxel.p[0]2          Generate 4 sub voxels          GRIDCELL tempVoxels  GenerateVoxelscenter, size           Check Validity of the sub voxels         for int i  0 i lt 4 i          for GRIDCELL tempVoxel  tVoxels              if CheckVoxelValiditytempVoxels[i]                  potentialVoxels1.pushbacktempVoxels[i]                                 replace voxels with potentialVoxels clear potentialVoxels     voxels.clear     voxels  movepotentialVoxels1     if potentialVoxels1.empty         potentialVoxels1.clear  codepre  pFurthermore, the former error occurs on codepotentialVoxels1.pushbacktempVoxels[i]code when codesize  2codep  pHonestly I am quite lost on what is causing this error, but I think that it has to do with malformed pointers Anyway I would extremely appreciate it if you could give me ideas, tell me what is wrong, or just steer me the right direction.p  pThank you,p  pKylep  h2Further Resourcesh2  ul liThe complete VoxelGeneration.cpp file a hrefhttppastebin.comgqJBzWmf relnofollowhttppastebin.comgqJBzWmfali ul
Negative 325 pI am trying to create a simple drop down menu on my website. I am trying to get it so when I hover over the About Me tab it drops down a menu which has contact me there. I have it working, but the issue is even when I put my mouse on the same line as the navigation bar it appears, so if I hover over Home, it appears. I just want it to appear when hovering over about me.p  pHere is my css and htmlp  precodenav    width 75    height 3    fontsize 150    fontweight bold    borderradius 8    textalign center    margin 0 auto   nav ul     height auto    padding 0 0    margin auto    backgroundcolor f2f2f2    borderbottom 5 solid ccc     display inlineblock    overflow hidden   nav li      display inlineblock    padding 3     marginleft auto    marginright auto   nav a     textdecoration none    padding 0 0 0 0   nav ahover     color 000000    backgroundcolor white   aboutmehover ul     display block   nav li ul     display none   nav lihover ul    display block       ltul idnavgt        ltligtlta hrefindex.htmlgtHomeltagtltligt        ltligtlta hrefaboutme.htmlgtAbout Meltagt           ltulgt              ltligtlta hrefcontact.htmlgtContact Meltagtltligt           ltulgt       ltligt       ltligtlta hrefservices.htmlgtServicesltagtltligt       ltligtlta hrefGallery.htmlgtGalleryltagtltligt       ltligtlta hrefkotorsale.htmlgtFor Saleltagtltligt       ltligtlta hrefbuildlog.htmlgtBuild Logltagtltligt    ltulgt codepre
Negative 325 pI have a url like sop  precodedataimagejpegbase64,9j4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD2wCEAAkGBxITEhUUEhQUFRUXGBcVFxgXFxUXGBQYGBYXGBQWFRUYHCggGB0lHBQXITIhJSkrLi4uFyAzODMsNygtLisBCgoKDg0OGxAQGywkICQsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLCwsLPAABEIANcA6gMBEQACEQEDEQHxAAbAAACAgMBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEBQMGAAIHAfEAEEQAAIBAgQDBQQIBQMDBQEAAAECAwARBBIhMQVBUQYTImFxMoGRoQcUI0JSscHwYnKi0eFDgpIksvEVM1PC4nPxAAaAQACAwEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADBAABAgUG8QANhEAAgIBBAADBQcEAgMBAQAAAQIAAxEEEiExE0FRBSJhcZEUMoGhsdHhI0LB8FLxBhUzgmL2gAMAwEAAhEDEQAANJMYZXA5Velq3uJL7Nqy08NWwFegI4wJxM5MIxM3SsjibAgZxBrW3MwTgyeFzUC47mS2YYl6wZIXFQTLxJ7ViYxPLVJYgePS6mjVHBmjEGFBDjueYRBxLVhj4RSb9yESYGsS1mb1OowqyeNKAJhwMCbstWIMwV96JjiZDcyS2lAHEI3MDxCXFNVPFrFipE1pxsYi44kdUITZM9bDg1rfiBMIhW1DY5lTdmqgJYkEhogmwJtCtZYy8QpaEZgzaqlTKkkyrknOuzXDSfE3Oq0dGxdxj2quycCWeTQWFPRJYPfWhecPnibRxXNFBxAPGMMIobMZkCFCPShbpoGbqKyZsyWszBmVJQkcqXrSnE3EcsNnpk8jM2h8o6wTaUvYOZZk43ociekyismOLJ1OlCI5myeJ4zVYEAWg0hoomM8z0vpQWWGDSBmolYgrDAVXxU4TxFR3JgaHCSS1VBkTn3aniGJixOIaB8pRYJ8pAIeJFySAjmM0lztopNxauddbYljbfLBDznQoSt6lDD1H4y48H4iuIgjmXQOt7b5WGjrfnZgR7qfqsFiBhEbKzW5Uw9Yb61stiUBCUitQi0JiYy1AZhlngqQUypJMqSRTwvBhUHpTLtjgSxzNp4q0rSRaym9aImg3lNlOtUDLK5hGaqeCxGCHSlz3LmtXLzJVrBlTaqkE8Iq5qLsfHremKj5SZmAkqrVhAYwApeaHcmU1gxhWnuapiRmmjNVgRYmQStW1EgMjz1orNB54NqgGJTNICutEzA4inHdoYIpu6lYo1gbspCWO3i6aEX20OulLvqqkfYxwfysaSh3TcvMcFtBRxzFjKx2rwoDRYu1xEck4Fh3ustuUOx95PKlNVV7wsHlwfkYxp34Nfr184V2BwjRRTwtr3WIdFPVckTAPm3VjSAopT0P8AMvVsGZW9RLWiE7UWyxUGWmK6mc4WTgVhWDDIhGQqcGQyPRQIMwRpgKKEzAET0YgVNhkxNu9FVtkxJEjsKyTmaAxB5Y6IrSiIBLFrRweJjzkKw1giGBhEBtUzmZZfOGo9DImMTA9QiTEniFDaVIsVjo4x4mufwrqf7D1JApS7WVUjLtKLAHBMVr2phvqv9QJ99tB8TXOf23SPIytxJ4BkeM7RwnTIwAv0oafRIpzsP5fvN7WPlN8BxKAkePL5MLU7X7f0to94lT8RkcS1DA8xGQRdSGHkQadS1HGVIMOvclVasmGAnrJUBmXEgatiLGDzURZUxTVmaEwVUswdzRBMSn9u42Z0DqDEV8DAeKN7nPZuYIy3U6G2liL1xaOdwDDj188zqaELtOOwDEI7F8QOQwP9wXjP8ADzT3X08ielF9nXkjwz5dTGtovH4x8zjUGxB0IOxB3BrqnBGDENnpBOzP2bzREfRlJ5oYkjS5PtECEAnmb0iG8MPu8v08o09fibMS3CVQLCuPZaXbJnRRAgwIN9aBJAIuNwCDaW1PaEkqRFNYMYMCxc1dWtZzi0VTYmj8CUBIrNVma2z36w1VLxLJelJnMicXrQmCcweRKKDJiCslabkQiGRNJY0LkGF4Im6YijYzAkSTDuS1hrWbGVFLMcASBSeBNO0HFu4QonikI155QeVtrnzI514jU3m1FhWjhBdyXwMw9unCLtJ94lM51xDHuxJfMx566AgsPj50vkvyfrBV1KnX18rAY5XJ1sPTS3uqmVfKE3joQwTG1r38gNqDt5lq2RNzLbY3P76VkpIVhmH4m6kEHLboTfayitWdyEgDiZK85E6H2T44mIXISokGwvq4tqdedem0Ov8AFXaDfrD1nPHnHzx2rpgy2ECnW1HU5irrgwGV9aOo4gzIxJrWtsmZvIayJZkDtRAJQkOJRJEKOLgsEHkaHZStg2tC1syNuWVteGtA4kW5C638tiG9QTrtfe1coadtPZuHInT8Zbk2nuMTir6qrMvVbHmYfCmtGeQCR8IHwcdnEW8Y4jHkNj47NGVsQbMDe4I5EKfdbnQtRehTg89YmqqWDc9dx3geMROgAkW5WxBNiCRrYHn6Vfg6a8DBwfpMF76yeMiD8FaOAvAPaBz5ibmRW9kseo9kgPOmNPWqE1Y5cXvLOBYfl8oTisRenwMCKgRSmKD3tyJURG786CLA3UZNe3uSZ6uZme1OZJbKBFcz2pJBZ3tRFGZqByTUYLIGgUktzQmHMKGniirziTGYdhcUkKtKIaeemtq8X5bqrHCaOoe5b5eQP5Sdb2dR7rXN5dTlXaFYieQPGwIzklSeZN7kDXTbTyrPsyquinBHM3Wm4lsmbJmKhVGxJAHnbT5AtCtsBPJ684DU4ttwg4nv1KUnRfXpmhG1F7MCumc9D8pGY5FtcMOQ0Iv6XqwUbo5mDUyeEmjzE6mmv6ae6stgdSc4krLpvvvVLKE9w7MrXWm5tfSp6dK3tB56kYDHEvZtm5CpiLNsM1srjzI2bl0PrXQ0vtBlIFmCPXzGZ8TH3pa8TXo6znqW0UOdacHUWYSNd60epiTyA6UMTWJBOLURZY4gaoZsTCTS7nmMIOIvx0CAX7tSzHKosBdjc6kctyfQ0s6IOhyYZWYfEjw3C0S5IVmO5IFv9q8hRqtMq8kZMHZezcTaXAQt7USf8QD8RRs9TdqIHxXHRMS8Y4WsQEkWdAp8eRmvlJ3Ukm3T30pqNMK8WJkY7x6Rim8uSj856zNsPBiGdhHiCYxoGdVa55gbZrHnRK1udjsf3fUjMw7VqBuXmC4qOaOYJ3qZpgbMUygsoAANibEg7lAtW2u3GlvPHpDVuj1529QmWTGRJmIw7Ab3MlzfpZQK1ZZfQm5yDMKKbWwoIiRsdirALIVq5h1Fh53GOCtP8AiJ16u3PPz2pJFuONMVCQxchJNHlSRYLmhsBNg4kyYehkQgaVvtvj5YkyrougJG5JBI215H4fHwmt022i72c8jHywJ6rTKH0aqgcS9nApKCdjnububag5QOp9YjkOWopbWaw1DaB9P8AflFho7HJB4l4wOBhw6hUXkBc6k9N683bdbcSWM6dGmSscCExqutlH96CS3mYxtAm2K4WsyWkXTrYXHmKiahqWypi91ddg2tKwAS7NxxRMQ502G2vTQ610tPr3ssAxOdb7PQIWGeOZVTASdLn1rsBpx4dhYLaW21rJbMyfjDxABr3ZJ56jXXp09L7irwOw3MxsHYMsHBsbJGAHJMRvYG5ZPMX1K610NB7QOnbFp90lEEG2cOY4ZNbjWvYI4ZcjqU3InkcWtaLcTAEL7ugMIyiSHF4a4rdduDI1Zi147UwXBgwhmsZNZ2gzW4rIJxmxESdI5X9941HyZvjQGA8UD4GbFn9Mn4iTywkU0oEBvmqpet9TJaCcXOSI6AlyI1B8zED5n4UDUPhCB58fWboGXGehz9Jpw6Luz3EhAYX7smw71N9P41vYjfQNsaxTZ4Y8NvLr4iXaDZUX8fhESfSFhCO4IB3cf8AZSHtR87T8437PuCD8P4i8yCOQj2gFcDMznYLkBzM2vL39a5z6my1RWkePUx9aFUlxxHS9mZbf1L8cOPl3ht6XNEGmfHRKY8VPX8pcRXanBmMagkAizFa3pmuQiR4eHWtO0ziGpCKCWmpk0VRWklY7TSIxCutyEJF9RqdbD3fKvLe2nCaj44E97AOO0j7H4h6ychKtiuMHC5YgmaIbrc3zaliCDpdje1cRKRqRuJ5jGqp2kWJ5xth0GcAj2SAPMWHOkH0e0kHuCVhHuD4he1jSFlGMwuIyHElUHM1gNTrS2dm6Ez4JcjAlfxnFGnvl9gE28O9dXT6ZaOT3EbDrpl8BT7xHPygTwgHXW37uf701unmZLEQD5jrfpfmN6stxzMMYfhWEDf03WheJt7mAQIWpLMNNDvoNWoYogsB7gyQxwY4cgKWve3LUm3lpr6V6DQa81rjOR6QhTKGGfVY2rvV3rYMgzC1tNwNKxa8cqTHcHxFzQ62JMI4AEAxGHJroqAe4i1mDxNsPB1rTN6QBbMDgUHGykkARwKpvsMzFySeWi0puqkCGIoj4mSHjWDbXiH8zBf61aXUp6iZz2D0xaabCBrBmPmFNvnr8qo66vrMINJYREvHOxvNh2jJKRsHbQjXML6HyHzpe7VKWUjoGHq07KGB84k7U9p2nPdqwMYzC6iSNZAdiyMxN1tobjWm1JarX7ztX6xjT6YV8e4sTM0ZLlmAFwGJIHIWvtqRSAdieyY1x3IY5gB4RlOmo0IO4tbbWttmQGdAwv0kWRQ8JZgoDNcDMwHiNr6XOtOjXccwR0wPnLiDXbnBmkjVYEsQNhejA4l4kmHWsuZnEMQUEypkiaVAZJVO1fBmkGeObKUNt8pvYgc7En41yfaia7bagyV7HqJ6L2P7U8CttO5wG5B9DMXRdgIpLM88rLvYBQfO7akKlPsqrAZTwfhM2e27lyu0Zk0YPJc4aXQ6cmo2uNR6Eegav2Pv5rPPxk0tgDi1fp0UYiR8M2SYZDYnW1mt0YaHn8K85qNDZW21hzPRaa5Lk3VnInmAilxjju0Yggawk6En5j1q10xTgDJjze0a9JQWHLeQ9T3xlgkgihyoJFdhoVTxZDp7TDS9Yv07Ly7AfCeJv3u5ttbk8mCYjEAGwAvfXW5HTbSlWKqsDJEXZsDmQJiwraAt9vQVGBIxmLJk4jGDEK4323vf0fpQ9rJNbVPU2gITVSuSqsLtyZQqU8GMMLxCxBzE8xuPz9PzrdV9in3uR9Jl1ZBTP15jrAcWQ3uRfkCefS4WuhpdYyMeflmXU7DOuMcNMkmqvQeddT6pLxjokZFuZjpankGJTNxBmFHESfuehKmYOVpeHWJMcudkzPElwAdEjtYjmNdrjaldu8sMx0v4aocZ4MSv9H8wPhmjI884QBOgfYz6wn2xfSGYHsCAQZpiwCi5bwC8k6e4etaXRj4zLa3iIj7b4BIZwsahU7tSAPUg3J1J03OtC1SBSAPSF01hcEt6xNgyGJn7t4gCkha5JsI8rWOeI8rXOh6UnXQ1jYWM22Ki5adHwvZWKPCPhx4mdbM5G7bqbcgrWIHl11rrV6RErKjsc5h1TNYG8h5TkYiYMQQdDlPkRyNchlxOuDPM1tKztmszuqGvUGee2zyRKgM0Vg6JrRCeJJNEtYYzJhCihmYm1VJBcSwUEk2A1rRsCDJha62sOFmQEEAjUHUHqDtWjBmTFaxu9ZaqWOBE3GDh8SrQFPrBuNFNlQ8iZRoh9NbUraBcu1Rn4XKdHSskcWFsH09fmJVeGTylSpPdxAApZQgUAZHI1a1rHXlXl9Zc9ZKrx6wu1Ngs2qc8dPmFYp9QI1A91gq6K3UWuBY8lI0Kh3PYcxJH93LSIcPD6kXANyTuzWsDY7bUR7LDwJguc5JmuIRMxs1xv60u2c8QiL6wGSUqbbA686IMHnGZTAg4zCosXcWOv6UFBNDGOTNM516em9aB28SiueoSMQwtf5vSjlSF3flJ4fu4aGYTjEiEakiPceddbXnDIeYuQVMtPD0aS2WSysdmHsn16ev5V19H7U52XcH1eb8XcMHuM2Su8rZEE08rUxFPBlyy4peffBc8asP1oSDBPzh7TlVPwjaiQMypJE3aThPfKrKqu8dyFOzqfaTyPMHqPOg31eIvHcPRb4bc9QDszi0WONUuFUZWzCxuCc1hzVzdOhW98jOncgtqwPwlmauyJxZz3tpwMRyNiF9iQjOPwvL0b8WudrKceOp1dLduG09ymyYFrn1NIRvE6TF2hUNYmup9szAZhG0PFEfYii06gMcQVtGBmFCx1FO9TmtwZHi8dHFl7xsua4F72uPOhswAyTIqM3YVGwIuCCDsRUgyMcGZLKFF2NhVE45MtULHAlb4gwxDfaNlhW7ML2LZdlv05mkjejPluh18Z1VoZK9qdnszOI9qIowRERIwt4UBcnGy7bGrOqsswDmvZS6SpPoZBwfAYzEuXx4yxWukSuRrfUC1pyv7qKlTZzbgDAHiAt1CAbaePjLXBAqKFRQqjQAAAD3CmMxLuVniCIxByy4ztRLn515L24nhvv8AXqGJJwT5SPHYHUXsLgHnex0ApdcmmtggJcpzlgJEuu36adKfSvA3P3Bq5duOBBMTCocnYG3u60q1ZIJ8o2CFMU8Uk1FqsAASwM8zXDsQPM1nzmgAYUjm1Qy9s2aW4AI1T92dPBFeoA9ibDjGDN1ttcXH79a5yxWyBMWLkSLEcPZvFG4DDW1a9CNVP7tzDYdSMMDElAzhuI87PcfeMiOe5X8vP0pQ6hqTtJyv6fKWV28MfkY67WYnFxwqDjErZhmW1yUIOoXc620GvzrvO7FcpNVKm7FkXdhcNivtp8WGWSbJcMApOTMAcg9gZWVbGx8J05mU7sZbuE1LJwqeUtVGisypJMqSpSu2nD3hJxUIOU275V6jaW3yb49SEdXRuG4R7SX7TsP4Rt2P459agubZ0OVwP6TbzH5GmNNZvQZg9VXtfI6MZY3DLIjI4urCxH72PnTDKGG0wCOVORKRJ2PxNzlaErc2JZgSORICGx99cw6B88GdMaxMciEY3s4G1GKuq2jraLjVMJWeJCbDMCCbVz9RpzQdyx2q0WjBl57L8UEqA10q2FlYYTl3psfEm7U4qEQkSMAw1Ubm4Ib0C8LsIaa0ofxAQJW8Dx9owcjCx5HUDzFcqvUPWMCdKyhLD7wkGCwvEMa72mjSIH2t25aBdypmoNqBuYwVtqafhRLNgeyUEfALpaduspuvuT2RdO101r0PrEbNVYnj5RthcJGhORFWUAXtte1HJ4gDz3DQaGZpUJgmJxttFqvlGlrAGTFeOzHK565T6MVP8A9a4ft7Ts1SsfX9YC9kOMeUCxWJzBnG4HTQLcKoe1ecZPXccQKXBjnzkWi2HM2J8hyWmaWdicciaLIjDPcW8QkYsRtYfO9wAtKtFJJOJvxjnEVzG51xUFDHIhw4AhEUbEfv5UqxCnBhAYSIdOlqEX97E2RxIVjNN7zjMFtOZExsxI5b01WG8MH1m2XjMY4HEqSL6edLOmfumLPWD3GMWF1UOVRtg1mFNjqAfPSt0K7HAAxMVqWGBGfDMU0JWKUE2VW5Ad16Ha3LTYCuzob2rfw36PUGxYNtb8DHhrtSp5UkmVJcypKmVJIn4d2eigneaHwCRcrxj2Mwa4ZR93mLba6W55VFUkjzhWtZl2nymna0zDDMYL5wRe3tFeYTz2916X1240kA4jGgwLckZwASmphuKWH2rjTYvqPI1wufRpedrPwH0EuiNXtDPOGIu1eFRk1IBP7vSuqsQVkNGtIrbsiVHD41ossMSxbnsP8AHOuXTbb9yvzj9iJ95KWThPYnvCJMZIXJ01JC7m3Pyp1dKAc2HJ36xCzWHqsYEC7b9nO4Amw4tGAFdRrk6MPI0vq9ONu9B12P8wml1BY7XPMrHDOMywuHjYhh8COhHMVz67WQ7ljj1q4w061wHjKYqESLodnX8LdPTpXbptWxdwnGuqNbYMaxxczWnsAELTQW5MFxjE6CsJuf5Rl9lQmYfCDnR87eBEHsLGacZgvA1uVm9LEXPwvSWtXxKSPxkHjPErEEt1XS6lFrbYGwrv7hXkrk2H3hwSYpS2Bj4zTGublyQL3sBEXA9NBVpYVAz5wzpubI7ieSfM1xcrREuCrgCFSo95kYkB6f4rLsSRiOJgDmHwRm1x7x0PUUC0DcSZe4UkXML87uh6igEAniar3eZkL4mx9m3rTApOOTNE8wCQ3zHbnentM6HCN1MjIkQnZT4rjzG1Es0RIzWcyiAeo4NiVYgObjXmL6ix33pAm2pveUwDVHO5ZaMBhroYpNQNvTyPlW6tVztf8A6i2CWPl3DMPjQHEUh8X3Cf9UC17fxC4uPMda9JpNSHXaTzALc0vI4htPSTKkuZUlTKkuZVyTV0Be1YdA67TNV2NW25ZplbqPhSJ9njlU6HsPAOfzlNxnGwqHc7dTy0FM20CfdqE3XowOXgsHCJsQc0xMab5fvN69KzVo3c7rT8lurVBtriHiCOHmDKLC9TUVA4depupFQgy8AZHCRBryrobhYoYTl21lGwZLjOO4RSY5JUudCunMGhM6ofeIEuumw8gShdoeyO82CPex7lFOYp6dR8652o0gb3qfp37To1Xke7Z9YN2B4mYcWinRZD3bg9fuG3UNpuNLaaw1vgfcNdWHGfSdXnxfIV0kqaw5PUC9i1jA7mRLzNN8AYE5ljljkwisQc0mAsQdQdCOo5ipjPEgOJRJoQiFA3sMAQbXvdhr5HKjj1rzWvo2ZHpFyoQkg8H8oo4jMVUdS9j5DXN3VzNNX4hIPpM1HJJMAuZUIB0PO3M6W8v8UQVsMiO1k4msOKBXKNTz9BlVFCPehGYbcRpgsUchB2Gvn5itEbhxKRjJIZ7G4NnmhFA4wYRWIOZJNIknkeh5fpWQjKMNC5BkEkLWsliT1FxbpaiVEbsniQnAmFxDIcuJiITlKgLKPwCi7r66imNmhCZ5j7C8DRgHiIZTqCpBB81IqtZYYbuWFzLRwzDFVtqdhY7C3TpXM1Y94FfOFC4EF45wmLExtFIGWqsNGjcexIh3DA8xprOj1nhPhjFGr2vvTic94R9IkCnbB8WUsUNhOouSPusyj21I1zDXqCb29pRqg6gwrULYu6v6TqGDxSSoskbB0YXVhsRTYIIyIoQQcGTVczMqSSLE4gIATmNyFAVSxJPIADyJvsACahOJpVycSE49Mt1N78tiDzDDkaWu1aVj1PpGqtG7nngSL608ADXPAPYWCPfYqvSVvhuBSPX2n5sdT7uldvT6dKhx36xS61n76jiNqbipi7jDhKh01odlYsXaYSmwo0rnZnESRymLW35VzabDQ5RuoZWLVDCbL9H8zsWMqISb2AYrWfsIbkvX8zL6zacbYfguymJwrd5HiVzD7uU5WHRtdqE2nNZ9wwyWhx7wgaQRSr3jAQYlCCNPaIO2ntjoaJZp9y77Dgyks52qMiOcXxaf6ssmHizOSARzU3s1x1B5cqzqE1NmMDA9BmVU1KZyefjHnC1cRqJDme12Pmd7V0ETYoX0nKufe5aMBUgpDiTpWk7klH7ZQuhWQW7ttHOxDAeG5Dawv6I0NNuHiL5dLJmz3k2yl4vHlnILZlYhU8iTa3vYb1yxphWm9fxkrrJwgHIOCMzOSEF1XnfduZt5Kh7fPznXOn3VbUPXfxMmwEmY2OjXAA2v69DfT4UN68cicp1KxwuOZbqVF7E7eKsiv0m1JPMXNxHdVBBvqSLZTzBUperNXmwhf7fWb4XiBJsSDLvdYdBjImgT6R5gcUAdyo0Guwvtfe3Kl2Tf5SL3xH2A4zhzoWUaHN8lvlCbS2ryPzhDYiD3I3hxGCBzKxVuZRHUnbLavoyad2HIgTq9OP7voDBuIcYdZopIs2QBgVbZwTqSL6bC38tNJow9ZDCbXXKMeYMeYTiUU40YowIupNj5W5MK4bzCsySJ0bKi65rORKt9JnYwY2C8Sj61Fcx6gd4h9qM35E7X2PkTXR9najwsoTkZ3iJjjxjvuUfsT2wnwSCJolkhBJKglZEOgbKT4dxsbancV6GrUbOD1CW6cWcide4PxeHExiSFrjmDoynoy8vyPK9Po4YZE59lbIcNDq1MQTEYrkvxtXN1Otx7tf1nS02juf6RbioCoMoucurj8SjcbAa4ilKtNZYMt16xx70Q4zzGceFBAIa4IBBAFiDsRT40FWOzETr3B7KZFjZLgd229Frv1GcFYd6qcdx1E9dUGc9hClN6swZgmG4MO97wVzfaCggGdDRuY8kIW1K0akgbTGLaQxzFfFMfHGM0hsPmfICna8KPEeLWZP8ATSRcF4lBjIpFyXyGRGFxqLjXY6e8fC0u8QZEUepqnxmLMMWwQDyuWhlIDXuWic6KSfvCwAJ30B61FYYLg5H6QzrvOzGCPzlj4fiklQPGwZTsRRNwYZEVdCh2tDlrEHIZ62skhlwiyIyMAQwI1AI8tDpvaqYyTmnaTss2GfvE1hIc2y2KNla22lr5em9czVp4a5Xo9CN6dQzgYnn0Z8NDwyvICT3uVb32CKffq5FJWYz7s6FHC59YD9IEUeHxOZCFLRiS1swJuUZSvMEKD8VZXniL3UZsz5HuUTiHEpZQFJso1Cgk2OoOXMSVBFvDe2gphEUTSoEmkOOmU0WmBNaaoTLVVnkwqLCmY3YqLfhyhvmLOsY2iBe7wxgCPcBwyFdXBLdXDM6qaGTmJvqHbzP8A0y3cPiJUFFDDqCuXz1H9qyCM4ziIvgfeSOsMotYj9D7gdcaMjhWzwYDb6GFthr7g38l5UUlnGFT6QqsfMzGguQRoRpfbbQW91YOnYJUE6Sag6VbmEx9lnRrgG2VgGG33eagIrnDTKzHbOyNUj1A3LKt2n7KpipWlRvq7tq62zxM1tWFhmQnn7XWigunBGZhHpHCnEqDrxHAEsA4A0zxklSPIrcW8mA9KNXZg5U4M0y5HIyIbhPpXxoFnSOVfTIx9WU2ppiy53XaTiBrqrRtwnSOxnaPDYMtHcOlhJG3tITt6g2NjTFGlqA3Dn5tB6nUWg46HwjrifFIcOoaZwoOg0JJ62UC9qNdfXUBvOMxanT2XH3InfgGJBIixWSMaItr5V6t7chYVNjeRmtCa8xZDJW62jTrDonppWizLDImouYEiMIJgoua5WusGMTo6RMStdpO0OQ2XVjAEjqa5qqQcmOsRjEqvC8HNxCbxuwQaSNyy8lQHmbe7836la85boRK6wUrx2Z0vB4OOCMRRKFUDQDfzJO5PnRdTYKqPkIppVNtm5pOItLcqW9nWtkpMa1qAruibi2AMSmbDfZspDugHhmUEF1KjY2v4hrXTbJ67iVTbjtbr9PjHHDeIRzRiSJgynpyI3BHIjpWAdwyIKys1nBmO2tFA4goRFtWGlwLjyI0OWQXRnjVh1BdQdqBaFZcN1DUZ3cehlJiwbR5oEkMeHhZ8k9lnJYtluOYBANulYFci1FpJXudSollBlE7VYv6xMX1ygBEvcnKuxN9dTclks5zIzcxG2EvWF5mYNLhypuDRUtzKIk0crEWbKw5ZgDbzB3HxqF4M0rnI4PwM2g4hKjAK7pfazEj0ytcVfBGZltNWYBCOcN2hnU5mWKQjTVMrEdc6EEH9CJU8Rcz0tJH44MaYftsdFVBEWIzMIkZCBqwbMhKkgZQw1Fx0qbfxXcGdARyTkfIR3gPpDwp0fvIpMYcf84nUnjVkWjlYP17eok2JkTBIRYvLqb5Ay2tto9r39aIj2n7wOX9hsHTD6Q7CSBgH3kkjnV7fEXFMi1UHCYUyadSOM5EZYbtFg5TZJ4WY8s1mPu0pW67PSmESqwcsMRgcOh3NlPIC49b8qwlNrHOMCOJqK0GN3PpKrxsNDMCyeFxLYEnzA0PvouSvYhQYmjbhs2D4g3fsqIY2jzFgBISVKBRzIsfTWmaNTXXkMcZkt072J7ozNu2HGrGIYqbovgj6WFF7zr7xXK1dvj2lvIcDfjH9LV4NYXz84yHEE7iMaq8lBjso5KPFsNqa8cjgZx84mCqnkgfTYbh5K6NTwLLGMMlOo0VdYfh2rVt2xZVdW4xT2g7RCMFI7FuvJf7muNY5txnRVdowJXsDwWXEKZXJCcr7yHqPLzFM0aZrvebgfrF7NQqHaO4X2bx4gdkc5VFG01oqLVvB6mrxAGWOlsSYpMXhyJIbZCua2mzgg7NfX4daFqaXvIZCMSqLUpXYQZcWcEbEetE02nNWSe5jUXCwYWCvJc0BEpSe0vZXGnFfWsFIieyxQsVBcCxJAGVrjTXzpexGLblbHw8jGE1FZTZYPxjDAdqLMI8ZG2HkOl2H2bHF9tfWr8YrAPQYPYsh0gfmlsDoy2YPEI4ujKw6gg1lbVs5WAuoeo4YSLjGGEkEin8JPvGoKs2LlSJKG22AxFJw5MVAxYFRLeRP4c5LBiAbEm9Q0uNElyFm7bkH09P5jL6gowQdDj5s5zxvs9NDcuLqDbMNiDsa5FulsoBLDj1hldXPEruLup6n8KEmGE2BkzDZh7r1OVMswfuTy3reURI8RELdf0raMcysTaCe24686p0xNBMyVo1bQ3FwB71gFl5EvawnkGHUEZcjhWBIEAdVYWNr7XtWzZ5tmYPXM7P2b4rw3ERd0sEURAAMbIi3vyVjopvXGvW2s7gSfj8VesMvIzv1keL7DcPY5mwq25hC8ZHn4CKPVrHIwXHv9ZzV1N1Ryckeh8oFJ9HWBsWw5mjbGV8wHo170RtXqKiPEwV9cDH8RldW1nKH8CBEy9lcXAbD4kSW3jmuobyzpa3rpT1V62jH3T6iEGrDcOv0maz8exOHH2qOrhrFJOltSkijK49OW9EYWqeTmdCgadgPWacamSezJna6GfvCLAKhAAUXOuYgG58ra0Ih2BIHUfXYmBEAoe9xUKE6F0Bv0zDN8qxThSCes5kt8nM7I02GJJpM99c4hUh7eB533v511Q1re9jv4Cc7FS8Z6JlBjmIpVbWHUdKCSXmGxQoo1Vg85g0rNZuMy2IBAvzA19x5VT3uci1qvUSltbkAR28r0NTg5M0RxC5ePYgrl7w28gF9wsBYeVMa7SMZgPs6A5xFjM7HT43dCyTCS1cH7SnDxrF3YYKLXzEXPM7HU08upwoXHUTfTBmLZk83bSZtEiiH8zvi1PtLek2NOo9Z7gu0cznxvBDvY91NNextuCoHpWxqS3ZAAwbUKOlJECMMJjJlJP1qDEKxuVYNCV8kuxAPkbCqDMDlWBBwBxMstbABqyvxHP1kHDO0MGJeWCdVUg5SrZSrA8r3IbTmNDfSjLqxkqBg30jKA9RzsPTspHHY4SV4G5DNnQ7WN7ehoZprzleD8P26mxrrtu20bh8RmEDiWIiBXFw5k2MsN3FuZeP2lFqs717Gfl39P2zMhKLDms7T6Hr6yPs1Kpw8cYYOYkWMsDcMFFlaoBfoavS3BxjrHlJq9OyPuPR5HzhO7numE7KsbeAliFHiNhYnY3It52otyq6lW6MXTOeJxvtbw1cNPkzqxA1AIJBudwPZuLG35V5TeCQFj9TFuYz7J9iWxGFadiUZ2yXSzINMo0zG9uoAOxpn7Az1ZB58v5mbNSqvt8vOKeP8AZEYcXZGtr4svL1BI6UkaLKzUUj9PrDKyv90ynzTPc7etqZWtSJeyRtn0s2QCr93zE1thD8FiZXyRxSux10Uk72vtoL8zVCvf9yUxA5aX7hv0UYlwryyRxNzWxdhrzKEC9uho66JiPeOPziratQeOZLxb6OJIwCs3OxYklLdvpmTqqbQhVH5mbquWzIA59IfwCfisLrFLkxKst4tFDWG4SQgBrD7ra1ydX7NTjbwT5joyrNILeuCJZ5O8H2mVo9bE6WuNCDYkD42pFfFp4YZE5Njsq94jHxE8srJo1lbryNFWoN71JAD0ELc8P36yNpd45UWSI8mswPuIflTVGrwNrfTzE2W27hgsnZEwzJhtO8jZVVicqsWV7AnUapt500twrRgeQ3n6fP69xuvWPuUscgH8ZWewCsuNMeIVkktZUI0cbyGxGVfeCR5VNPULHUHrudd9UpqLoZ1uuOFOT3rz89NNWNSSQuKuSQOKkqDy5eYJ9DViUYM6ZBe1bEyZAXYbNp7taDGZ2iT4biKqPGGv1U8htpV75NsNw3FoTlvKV65l0HlfSr3SbYRDxwXBJzV5kxImWKRugAjlYXLWBSTqs0ezg9dd6mfWTEN4TxyQWIaSJ42t3bKWhUWNzG4W6qbncne1rWNVkqcgy9u8FWGZbIe3MISMvJHmfkCCB1uwNr35UUa1hwRAN7MUdOPSVSTEfavJhMzRAqQ0JYyqTmLqw2ks34xcCwvQbLcn3R8vh6hG6lIGGPzM84xIzCJcSzmMXdJI18BYXBE0J8NQba2J86g1VjDDTJ01QOV4lZ4f2VxXfpPGuGxMPeEjM4WNdnQ6gG2taF6iU9DYxLZwn6TZB3oxcUYeORFKxkqchzLIVVicxVlXmAQK1PpqeMmcyzSc4BhXbX6S4EheLCHvpHXKXsckQZfa8Q8ba6AaAg32sbsuXHHMHTpmzluJzngPZHE4mLv80UEF7CWeQIrWNnK31bLrc6DQi96WFJbnqOvcqHHZEsuFxfBMCCD3uNlVSM4ULCz2IstztF4hrcXqKlKtzyYIO444H5y2R52dmjDYdcs8y2WIeERQEhggXkxspsdra6lqZprC84iAusDHZnj1MvcGIV9jrzB0I9RRQcwD1sncH4jKD9jkZy4O2iqNrsx29N60FyOepSEqdwPUQLg7lhJrIpHdxxgxoDYWZnGrakEtp0tQLUqcGACRz8B846ltijeTgH8SflLJg8OUQIzFt9vQeXrc1VdCVjgRa7UvaeevSLOI8BDXMVlP4eRPl0pPUezK7DuT3TURarPUrTTlSytuCVJFiLqSCGtuQQfOuW9YJ2XdjoiDZHr4IOP8Aep5FjSp3sfkfQ1giyg5HImVPnHXDuMhmBcLnGgaw57lKm6Lve319Y9YcPLAJx0Pyrof8AsF81M3kk5SrVzp6mbWqSTf6o56avBziVnzkT8PkA3wong2ekzvX1kJ4XKdo2FWKbD0pmS6jszRz2IOvdN7yBtFy3APH9JjxqWL5OHOGs3g635UJlZPvCEBB6MCl4e5cql35DKpJFbRCUyzBe5IMDLCG7zCubjQyIwykX200xVtWw8j9JSup8x9ZEeM5PYhhQi2uW59a96GTzzCiaHtPix7MpWJQoH5VMCVuMm4r22xM0KRubFd3XRiLahrbtTwwe5YtK9QGDi4tZo4xr4Sq7abG983avaJgORzCIsZG8ilPnJ9pkYqL8hYbX119KwwIEKjZOM4jf63iiki4hYpMOpXxSMqMxOoKSRInzIPnWfd7E37w4MCixUGUJGuViRrLJZFAJgNwb21A2qsHOZQxjEb8S4JHi8pCxwYnKcvsiOew7INL6fPlUBI85TKCOpRMdgGjdklQq4OoYaVE3mBKgSKZ2bLmZmyjKuYk5FGyrf2R5CtbiezM4A6E073IQ4AJRlYBgCLhgRmHMeVaTg5lN1gzomGmmYIO8wsbuPaKSMgI12QqxHLmacGoPmIgdGM8GSH6Y1YLAr5f9QVI9c1f2j4TS6Yr001xf0qySJliwwQnQEztJemgyKPjUbUsR7vEtNKA2W5KWHiFzwgRiULip5LtIe8MeTTwhR3bDKASNxqSba6K6TUBQUx8SfWMavTeJhs48sQFpe0NsJY8rz3FP7IabCmtAiP2MsbHtFLjYlGFZFMiuWz5wEtbwErYAm5WbW4I0Nwq1rudpOI4tFdS7gMrEuE4ng8M3dYiLExTakvMe9XMxOe0QKrla5N0UX3ud6osiD3k5ArBuht4JBE2IWVm7iWB13Ch2Btz8DjMD60p4gDEoOPTBirzCBlDAxjGQ5TfTkRqPShtQG95OIg1TIcEQscVjrHiXDiZx84vjajT1kJibWpnEmIX9aOwq1BJkJAHMIw2KLaNoetMIzr31BMFPUdYZLb12qNpGRObdnODNcViraVd1gUEmSmsscCKGwzYgM8dlUXUtuzHmB0pJam1fvHhfzMba5dN7o5b9JF2OTuZGVt779RWaidO1pVii5cidETUaGnAwPM5zUEGCYnh8EmkkcbzKrfmKtsHubRHHRMU43sJw6XAEch6xsVWoVLNRWfKNLZYPOVGRTCb91O6TqrW965fyoZ0gPRhBqD5iIcZ9FWKHsPCoxUBgB86GdK46M0LkPcTnsTiomviI3jiHtOFWW19AAFJFzewPW1BsrsA6ha2QnuC8aicMo7l4449I1dTe3MvfUljqaAEZfvdw7WAnjqQx8J75XaA5SouY3NvL8fVhj0ZTKDysgwJmguGVrEeyb2PMEcr35ioVB6lAsvctzvG8UQx1pYnsIp4tJo7gmzAjUCxuDfblWPlN5DcGAcU7BTIhmw7jFQbhowc6jOPUC9bUrBOjCUzFC4sAbdbbkXog7g8GQGLlbwAq1mViSpD1SpmTE3GHIIyGxFjY2IflWu5UZdo8dJNlnklZ5HJVlKnwW2s99R5UtSuxiuIazlQ0URysbmnK43660wTBYlt7H9omgVkIJUsCSBcpm0J320PrQnXPM2rYlwabCzCz5DsfEBbkdBv58qwruvRmiqt3IfroR37hou9lT7Nmv3cmS32bhCAjgbMLAi5tdTfbOX5aYCBRgSqYzt2ssLRzYUZ7lkkEjDu2IA1TLqLDaOjKQKtncVto3vuJipePRW1aUHmBFGQD5EzgkeoFY2j1LYL7GvmP42pWdUSdHqSSeJtaNVjMw8Y4dxXSrwe4qRD5cflAJHkaqotQSD1KsUWjI7gnf944UX8WlL73yrFrPYK1684SoeChc9UtcCAKFAsALWrr4x1OO2ScmVHjCZJ1I60nq6g7CP6dyFJlnweIOUb1tdOwGJk3KTC43NaFOO4Nrx5QqPNUKqII3mSmM1WRMeK09UEVODNrcR3FGbt3aD8as38qspPzIpW7yL6n9I9Q4Ks3oP1inthwE42DIukiktGTca2sVvyBHzA6UW6jcvfMCmqCt8Ik4B2PgxeEjSeCWCSNe7ZxaNnfUObW0AsviYG9zvY0JaE24K8yrNU6t7pyJXpJ4X9SlhXDK3dOtsrFpA0mYghc5J9nLoOtAt0yjlBGdPq3cHeZHxPheMSFGkXIhUEMAQFuPZkFs0fTUD9KxZpnVcwteoR2wDzBzH5sDJpmCNo0bG6OOqH7p8xSRBjQYecvHGOzeCxsAxIJikYBy6rmygiwBuF0bkb6Nbe9QNIVnMOOdl5sLZnUPEx8M0fijfTSzjYRsaJugysUlNDpVgzJEL4VwufENlhjZyNyPZXzZjoPfVtYqjJMtaWf7ojbjuBhUiKF8eMiLuwl9OpeRXUlT4iRboBrQqXOSzDv9IW2sYAB6keG4XAoKYiyOwOVrlhGRspy7HrWi2TxMhMDmaQdlMVvBkmFtGidQxHMFWIPuoyDfwIJsLyYq4hhpY3yyoyPqcroUc87qLAN7qtq2XgiZDK3Rnn1yRSLmRWBDC6tcHk1iPLehlcdzY56kUwLEsdybnS1zzdTOJMSePg0pAIXQgEbbHapvEINOxGZaFkoEklSWqkk8claU4MhjDDS09U8XdYZiJgEN6assAryYFEJfib8Dju2Yfd0H5n9KBoqdXhdVaFwks8Ep511awRwZzbNp5EqHH2T1oNzf1FEPUP6ZlswZXIKaOcxAyeGTWssOJmHQ0BpJNWJJlSSKOLo5nwwTk5LyspT3Ig7aQ1rsACv9uD06mgVdp3f3cfvGWSxp2m5bU3CJX0mtsGTVqAmGpLg0ig3BAIOhB1BHMEc6JKHE55xbs1FhJGkmaPwBPIzGNgWkVibZIragXIs1dtd65Oqr2t7nU7kcvXlP8zfD8YkmjjThMkOHEd7QMtpnAIg7NllJ5jf1pPaM5PcY3cYhuD40FzjF4R4ToJzEneQNmv4psKfEl9fEBuDrRgjuCw8uX6QRcKdpCSw9jOGzkYjCBZ0tYxJJeMX2bxHMtrHTX0qe62AODU0uVJzyPzlW7QcNxikpiWjweFU6BMoRhyEaIbyG3W1r6hPWFbLcmFW1nHHAOJcr27rAQsLxtKz6GV413dmuAohXr7qsAnkwZOOBKuHPW5NFUiCOTCcLjGSxVipHMEit8GZ5HUufBe2SyJ3OPRJojzdQSLc9dj5itC50HHI9DK8NGPPB9RGOP7OzPCPTsQZYrAGGfVrA3AR5BmAv90ECgtaWXa0MKVVtwmZbshEaX62t2CrZHVkCkEl7bXPsj470TSrWAd4ZgtV4nHhjiWCCKHKvdpGEsMgzHRbeEfC1KtgsTtnQS0qoGepzdDUi0lU1UkmSSpJCsPLRq2mGEMlxAy2o91o2bZitPezGPAyQpN73NSnNCu2v5xbVHc0fQvXRBiJErGoz3yGkbDm5Y6gxUZZYT4BXTE5h7h2ES4odhmYwjNqXMkmrEk8Y21foKyxxCVpvPw8zFGJxBCiUsIHZguZgJAgFwFYDSxO5H4t9K52pOKSW7J5CdOkf1tq9KOPxmv1zGLIFnWDujtKveBWHrqEPk1geRpTSXCqzOeD3D6io2IR5Ucobiu7OFNwL7VUgBJwJHjEy6Cxc8J5t1PlWFdrOF4Hr0bFaUjdZyfIfvBlwiMrLIA4cFXza5gdwfLyohRQuBAte7vuJlc7Rdj4REhwsSoYtMqD2lveUsCSb7m58qT1NIZMjyjemvbfhj3IeKcIxrYZe7xrxzIciCQoq6gEoZbFmGg0zaH0rmVWny6PE67Io7HPYlX4lwLFwZcaGw2EdiqmON2udbNJIQTnBuWOmgphylrBQAB18IEbkBYkkxpwiXi2HzSNh4ccJbHvFdHup2Ck7J5AWow0difcI354gPttb9nHzgbvjnEe7jd8GsCocqMCrZcw1UhNlNtjpcDmBVNprByeflzLTUVscKZzmSEnRwY23sVKAHWsFCp5GJvORxBTGTqCN7WvUxJmYt6mDKnWwvGJJ4FjCiRolCso8TWGitYGthqBvQnU5hFMPxPCMPOZHDuGC2YZjeO2oYdCLfKhkGFRx0Z7H2ahYBmRSSASQTYk6kimF1gAA2j6TB0pJ7M5pHJS8uTh6kk2VqkkJjaqkhSC9aB9ZCMx7w42Artac4UTn3DmOYHp1TFCIm4tP9oorn3HFyxysf0jHeHm0ArqKZzmHMfYT2RQbO4PE8hxkTNlEkd72tnW9lr0rZqK07MMmnsfyh2GaNgSJFa2UhvdvSv20MdqKSYb7HgZdgJpNIFBZtAPl5ZNMDKjc3f9Qf3yK6v1cS8WBJwiobgzd5cHQqqswOg99crVWB9MrD1edKpCt7hGK4aVD0sihecUgJQfyEap6ajyFcwkcGNwyMsR4wobmFN1B52J5V6XTHNKn4ThahSbiBBeIF2aNYHZLHNJIBcWGyKevnVbWtb3uFMxGMpp045clCHWwpleOJz2JY5MHmZgrFAC9jlBNgTyBI2rRkTGfekfDMaxLITdizMHX2FQnRb8mF7W8r1y1ubU5GNoXhvX5fvOwak0GByT1804rwlMQER1BhSxEZBsW3ZjLepVpgHHAz1jyl3avwsqwycdxNxvsJh5QGg6eVdUZPZv0ZNiKeepHHIEcTn16qxDycxH2Zmk4dMYcQvdLKbjX7GRbQsdEJvqh52tSdni6fBzlf9k6KijUqfX8474kvGmkf6s2BMJ1R2WQOAb2V1u3iFhraxo1Vxs6wIpbpa6h7xP4RdiewMxaj6j2bn3cUaKqG2tmsL72vaitXuGGPP3glvSswBNfqZHF9EEUnNLOy8lvGpHW7Bdfh8ayNNX8frNfbn9BEfGoukS7YV8GRyFf0DaK39NCs0pHKmNV6pW8JTr4nBy3tJBILrsVax3tm3HnSbKRw0ZUg9Q7hPHZElaRJ5EkkBVyQrB829xYVg5xNcQKHjKRVQSGygKN9gLD8qJ4annEsXOB3MikoJEuGxGsy5OpqSQmKsmSGRGtZ4kEa4SbUCnNNawYIYC5FK7o4geuupnPZYi4ibzikrTWEaQf05Y8Ovs11FnOeGtje7kAW5d1GUEnLfUDTYbalcnXK7XBFPf0jukKrUWYdfWTYzhnfgd8sV9CSgIbmdbUI6GwfdYSxraz2DDGYKOEWjjVeupJPqbXNEr0oQY3jHygrdRQ3JUWTTYQOQXubA5QLgC4sW82tseXKmkBXs5irWjwYgC4NllDAju1vkTW6FlQNblY5SfVj1rl0uhQOM5nR0LbssTz1FeC4oRLOLGySMNP8A81ydm5ROhgkxpg5TOM20fzfrfoPKvTUpitcg4nH1FgrcheMnyjEC21FiExhpViSQCNyGyAFgCQGNgTyBI2rN1y1LuaH09BtbAiTsRhHVpidGeS7JclUbMYKTysVoXheFSSezkn5xt3D3qAOB18pZcS57xgfKw6ULSHgyteB7pivtFxuLB4d55b5VtoouWY6Ko6XPM6U0TgZiKIXYKPOVvhHZl8W1vidnZ1ywwN4sOjbX5O5HPABagvm3AFvUM1orGyv8T5nIeuBxOBu2FYTwAEth5W8SqPhmPIfhbTzFBfSgndXwfyiHq1mRtsnvZftjHjZJEVctspTfVSNQehBB8qzTqM8P3Jfo8e8kstNRDqRstaBhK28pFjMBFMmSaNJF6OoYDzF9j5issAe4fkcgznfbD6NFy95gVOaiiLi2W28Zfn5M1K2aYYykLTrOcWfWcnxELo7K2hUlSLjQg2I0oPht6RvcDP9k codepre  pHow can I create an save this as a regular imagep
Negative 325 pAny idea why codethecontent filtercode is not being applied when codefrontpage.phpcode file in usep  pThe code below in not getting executed when codefrontpage.phpcode in use works with codeindex.php, page.php etc.. codep  precodefunction somefilternamecontent      echo dummy text     return content   addfilter thecontent, somefiltername  codepre  phr  strongUPDATE Make sure you are actually using codethecontentcode on the page. codethecontentcode filter is only applied on codethecontentcode element  i.e. you have to use this in your templatestrongp
Negative 325 pI have users with apostrophes in their names, e.g. Martin OLoughlin.  I want to be able to filter and validate without using a framework, so am relying on the codefiltervarcode function.p  pIs there a more efficient way to handle apostrophes with codefiltervarcode, than thisp  precodename  Martin OLoughlin name  filtervarfiltervarname, FILTERSANITIZEMAGICQUOTES, FILTERSANITIZESTRING, FILTERFLAGNOENCODEQUOTES codepre  pEDIT As a supplementary point, if you need to apply two filters as in the case above, can you do it with filtervararray  Or notp
Negative 325 pThe codespecialitemidlistcode method is responsible for returning an array of ids. The query and logic is complicated enough that I only want to have to run it once per any page request, but Ill be utilizing that resulting array of ids in many different places. The idea is to be able to use the codeisspecialcode method or the codespecialitemscode scope freely without worrying about incurring overhead each time they are used, so they rely on the codespecialitemidlistcode method to do the heavy lifting and caching.p  pI dont want the results of this query to persist between page loads, but Id like the query ran only once per page load. I dont want to use a global variable and thought a class variable on the model might work, however it appears that the class variable does persist between page loads. Im guessing the codeItemcode class is part of the Rails stack and stays in memory.p  pSo where would be the preferred place for storing my id list so that its rebuilt on each page loadp  precodeclass Item lt ActiveRecordBase    scope specialitems, lambda  whereid gt specialitemidlist     def self.specialitemidlist     specialitemidlist  ...  some complicated queries   end    def isspecial     self.class.specialitemidlist.includeid   end  end codepre  pstrongUPDATEstrong What about using codeThreadcode Ive done this before for tracking the current user and I think it could be applied here, but I wonder if theres another way Heres a StackOverflow a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7896298safetyofthreadcurrentusageinrailsconversation discussing threadsa and also mentions the a hrefhttpsgithub.comsteveklabnikrequeststore relnofollowrequeststorea gem as possibly a cleaner way of doing so.p
Negative 325 pI want to DRY my views and controllers from a lot of similar code. I want to do it by myself in educational purpose, I know about the InheritedResourse gem. So far I wrotep  precodeclass AdminResourcesController lt AdminAdminBaseController     beforefilter getmodelname      def index         result  model.all Resource.all         instancevariableset collectionresourcename, result  resources  result         result  return it duo it can be used with super     end      def show         result  model.findparams[id]         instancevariableset instanceresourcename, result         result     end       protected      collectionresourcename  resources     instanceresourcename  resource      def self.setresourcenamehash         instanceresourcename  hash[instanceresourcename]         collectionresourcename  hash[collectionresourcename]     end      private      def getmodelname         model  controllername.classify.constantize  Resource     end end codepre  pOnly two actions, but you got the idea abstract any model to a resource, set a list of model fields or get it dynamicaly and thats it.p  pFirst of all, I think instead of instanceresourcename class variable, I need a class instance variable. Im rightp  p... but, it is not a main question. I think that its cool when this kind of code is wrapped in mixin. Because in my example it is AdminResourceController, but I can also have a UserResourceController or just something another. Ok, I wrapped it in a mixin. For usability, I want to call something like codeactions only [index, show]code in controller in section, where I put codebeforefiltercode, for example. How this section of code is called Class instance Ok, the examplep  precoderequire activesupportconcern  module ScaffoldResources     extend ActiveSupportConcern     included do          def hello             self.class.actionlist         end     end      module ClassMethods         actionlist  [new, show, index, edit, update, destroy, create]         attraccessor actionslist         def actionsparams             actionslist  params         end     end end codepre  pFor testing, I create this small controllerp  precodeclass AdminUsersController lt AdminResourcesController     include ScaffoldResources     actionslist  hard set     actions some,actions,i think      def show         render json hello     end end codepre  pSo, when I call hello method it do only codeself.class.actionlistcode I want to see anything. I set class instance variable in mixin and in class  hardcode and through method defined in mixin. But its nil I think you got the idea, what Im trying to achieve. How it can be achievedp
Negative 325 pin my view controller I have a label that has the function of counter data that are invoked by a PFQuery from Parse.com .. these data may change at any time.p  pI need this label is updated automatically when the data changes in databrowser even if the user is not sailing in the app.p  pLets say that I would need some kind of automatic reload of the label as to the TableView. How can I do Does anyone know the correct methodp
Negative 325 pWhats the purpose of the andor trick p  pi.e.p  precodegtgtgt a    gtgtgt b  second  gtgtgt 1 and a or b  second codepre
Negative 325 pI have simple table calendar and I have a link inside every td to day detail but I also want to have links to events in td. All my links use jquery modals.  So how to make link inside link with modals p  pI have this and its crashing.p  precodelttdgt lta hrefmodaltodayelement idopenmodal datatogglemodal gt     here is for loop      lta hreflinktoevent idevent datatogglemodalgt         Event title     ltagt ltagt lttdgt codepre
Negative 325 pIs there a standard fast Java queuecircularbuffer structure like codeArrayBlockingQueuecode, backed by an array, but without any concurrency synchronisation overheadp
Negative 325 pIm use MySQL innoDB p  pI have larg SQL file and and I need to execute this file on my database but when I run the file using this command p  pcodemysql hlocalhost root proot mydblt mysql.sqlcode p  pI got this errorp  precodeERROR 1114 mysql table is full codepre  pit execute some tables and insert the records to it but when reach to table named strongfeedstrong it insert 2000000 record and return that error p  pwhat I can do to solve this error , are there any way to execute this filep
Negative 325 pI have two files that are exactly the samep  pa hrefhttpbertmeeus.benewsitehtmlso.html relnofollowhttpbertmeeus.benewsitehtmlso.htmlap  pa hrefhttpbertmeeus.benewsitehtmlso.php relnofollowhttpbertmeeus.benewsitehtmlso.phpap  pexcept the extension is different.p  pThe load time of the two pages is very different. The html file loads immediately where the php file take 5 seconds to load.p  pIve checked it in chrome console html 21ms, php 5.16sp  pIs there anything I can do to improve the speed of loadingp  pThis is a really simple file but when I code some jQuery. I cannot use the functionality before the page is loaded 5sec.p
Negative 325 pFirstly would like to thanks prinzhorn for such an amazing and powerful library. My question I have implemented a Skrollr parallax background to the header of my website but I would like to disable this feature when viewed on a mobile device, particularly iphones, etc. eg. maxwidth 767px.I was wondering what would be the best way to do this And if the destroy function was able to do this or I should be using another technique Also, if destroy is the answer, how could I implement this correctly Many thanks and examples or demos greatly appreciated.p
Negative 325 pIm using bootstrap 3 and have to support ie7. Ideally I would like to use font for icons. They work great in all other browsers except ie7 p  pThe icons appear fine using ie on the font awesome website  I have had a look at whats different and I cant see anything out of th ordinary. Ive followed the instructions and added the css in order etc...p  pIm not using less. Here is a link to my test site a hrefhttpsgoogledrive.comhost0B8UWGEiox1HOZnV6ZTA3bzNvMTAtestsite.html relnofollowhttpsgoogledrive.comhost0B8UWGEiox1HOZnV6ZTA3bzNvMTAtestsite.htmlap  pThe test site show font awesome using ie tester however that isnt 100 accurate. I am using true ie7 to test on and the font is simply squares.p  pPlease can anybody see whats going on here as Im  at an end with it p  precodeltheadgt lttitlegtHomelttitlegt ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1.0gt  ltlink hrefcssmain.css relstylesheet mediascreengt lt[if lt IE 8]gt     ltlink hrefcssmainie7.css relstylesheetgt lt[endif]gt  ltlink relstylesheet hrefcssfontawesome.css gt lt[if IE 7]gt ltlink relstylesheet hrefcssfontawesomeie7.min.css gt lt[endif]gt  lt[if lt IE 9]gt ltscript srcjshtml5shiv.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcjsrespond.min.jsgtltscriptgt lt[endif]gt  ltheadgt codepre
Negative 325 pUsing any of the numpy, scikitimage libraries, I can easily load and display an image as an ndarray.  However, Id like some sort of display where I can move the cursor around the image, and see the indices of the current pixel, and its gray or RGB values, for example 213,47 178 or 213,47 122,10,205  these values of course constantly changing as the cursor moves.p  pIs there an easy way to do this  Oh Im using Linux, but my students will be using Windows, so Im hoping for a crossplatform solution.p
Negative 325 precodeimport java.io. import java.util.Scanner import java.util.Date import java.text.DateFormat import java.text.SimpleDateFormat import java.util.Calendar import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.List import javax.swing. import java.awt.event. import java.awt.  public class SignIn extends JFrame    public static void setFrame     JFrame frame  new JFrameTest     frame.setSize400, 300       frame.setDefaultCloseOperationEXITONCLOSE     frame.setLayoutnew FlowLayout     frame.setVisibletrue          JLabel label  new JLabelthis is a label     JPanel panel  new JPanel          JTextArea textArea  new JTextArea10,10     textArea.appendthis is an uneditable text area.n balls     JTextField textField  new JTextField9     JButton button  new JButtonSubmit       frame.addpanel     panel.addlabel     panel.addtextArea     panel.addtextField     panel.addbutton     frame.addpanel      public static int getIndexint[] array, int x     int index  1     forint i  0 i lt array.length i       ifarray[i]  x         index  i          return index       public static void mainString[] args throws Exception       int i     String w     Scanner keyboard  new ScannerSystem.in     DateFormat dateFormat  new SimpleDateFormatMMddyyyy     Date date  new Date     File file  new FileAttendance  dateFormat.formatdate  Attendance.txt     File numfile  new FileDataBaseStudent Number DataBase.txt     File namfile  new FileDataBaseStudent Name DataBase.txt     file.getParentFile.mkdirs     PrintWriter info  new PrintWriterfile     PrintWriter numdata  new PrintWriternew FileWriternumfile,true     PrintWriter namdata  new PrintWriternew FileWriternamfile,true       Scanner sc  new Scannernamfile     ListltStringgt lines  new ArrayListltStringgt     while sc.hasNextLine        lines.addsc.nextLine          String[] namedatabase  lines.toArraynew String[150]      Scanner scc  new Scannernumfile     ListltIntegergt numbers  new ArrayListltIntegergt     while scc.hasNextInt        numbers.addscc.nextInt          int[] numberdatabase  new int[150]     forint p0, len  numbers.size p lt len p     numberdatabase[p]  numbers.getp          setFrame     whiletrue       System.out.println       System.out.printWrite your Student ID        int id  keyboard.nextInt       String idstring  Integer.toStringid       ifid  000break       whileidstring.length  9         System.out.println         System.out.printInvalid Student ID, retype it          id  keyboard.nextInt         idstring  Integer.toStringid              whilegetIndexnumberdatabase, id  1         System.out.println         System.out.printIs your Student Number   id  yes or no          keyboard.nextLine         w  keyboard.nextLine         ifw.equalsyes                fori  0 i lt numberdatabase.length i             ifnumberdatabase[i]  0 break                      numberdatabase[i]  id           numdata.printlnid           System.out.println           System.out.printWrite your FIRST AND LAST name            namedatabase[i]  keyboard.nextLine           namdata.printlnnamedatabase[i]                  else           System.out.println           System.out.printRetype your Student ID            id  keyboard.nextInt           idstring  Integer.toStringid           whileidstring.length  9             System.out.println             System.out.printInvalid Student ID, retype it              id  keyboard.nextInt             idstring  Integer.toStringid                                   DateFormat timeFormat  new SimpleDateFormathhmm a       Date time  new Date       System.out.println       System.out.printlnYou logged in at   timeFormat.formattime   as   namedatabase[getIndexnumberdatabase, id]      id        info.printStudent ID   id       info.print  Name   namedatabase[getIndexnumberdatabase, id]       info.println    timeFormat.formattime           info.close     numdata.close     namdata.close     codepre  pOk So I am trying to convert this program I wrote to a JFrame format. Unfortunately Ive never used JFrame so I have no idea what Im doing. I Got the basics from a tutorial but I just cant seem to put 2 and 2 together. Can someone help me easily implement JFrame to this program thanks. p  pPS. I know I should probably start using more methods rather than stick it all in the main method.p
Negative 325 pIn my database, I have the following date field, strong20131225strong, now I want to fill that with 2 variables and 1 static value something like thisp  precode2013.month..day. codepre  pBut this wont work. Also I need the  spacing the items.p  pEditp  pthis is my complete queryp  precode    resultinginsert  mysqlqueryINSERT into     contentdate,title,details,year,bwID values 0004.month..day.,.title.,.details.,.year.,.ID. codepre
Negative 325 pI trying to use a library a hrefhttpspypi.python.orgpypidatadiff relnofollowDatadiffa but the output of the diff seems to be not consistent. Im analysing two json, making some dictionary out of them and then im comparing the dictionaries. But for the first file the output shows all the objects changed, while in the second file the output is in lines, so the lines of the json which are not the same are showed but not the whole object that changed remains a mistery in the diff. Im quite confused by this behaviour, can you explain me or solve this problem Below is the codep  precode    out  datadiff.difft[0].getkey,t[1].getkey     if options.getkey2  None         out  scorecheckout,options.getkey2     if checkdiffstrout         f.writeFeelingsltbrgt         printdifff, strout codepre  pThe output from the diff of the first filep  precodeuorigin uVIRTUAL, uscore 1, utype uPLACES, uname ucomune di Roma, uorigin uVIRTUAL, uscore 1, utype uPLACES, uname uprovincia di Roma, codepre  pDiff from the second filep  precode uposition 1,   uscore 1,   uscore 1,   uscore 1, codepre  pIm trying to select all the object which contain score 1, not only the lines that say score 1 in the json. So the first output for me is ok, the second is useless.p
Negative 325 precode      tags  [x, y, z] codepre  pI want to extract each element and add each element to a tag table likep  precode       tag1  x        tag2  y         tag3  z  codepre  pI need to store each tag in tags table in different rows for a event.p  precode     table Event        id, title, ...       table Tag        Tagid, eventid, tagname codepre  pTags can vary for each event.p
Negative 325 pI want the user to be able to resize the JFrames widthheight, while maintaining the same ratio between its width and height. In other words, I want to force the height to change with the width keeping the same frame shape.p  precodepublic void componentResizedComponentEvent arg0              int setHeight  arg0.getComponent.getHeight         int setWidth  arg0.getComponent.getWidth         double newWidth  0         double newHeight  0                      ifsetHeight  oldHeight                              heightChanged  true                          ifsetWidth  oldWidth                              widthChanged  true                                            ifwidthChanged  true ampamp heightChanged  false                              newWidth  setWidth                 newHeight  setWidthHEIGHTRATIO                          else ifwidthChanged  false ampamp heightChanged  true                              newWidth  setHeight  WIDTHRATIO                 newHeight  setHeight                          else ifwidthChanged  true ampamp heightChanged  true                              newWidth  setWidth                 newHeight  setWidthHEIGHTRATIO                                int x1  int newWidth         int y1  int newHeight         System.out.printlnW   x1   H   y1         Rectangle r  arg0.getComponent.getBounds         arg0.getComponent.setBoundsr.x, r.y, x1, y1         widthChanged  false         heightChanged  false         oldWidth  x1         oldHeight  y1      codepre
Negative 325 pGiven the followin XML which is a directed graphp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingiso88591 gt ltDOCTYPE graph PUBLIC FCDTD redEN ..dtdgraph.dtdgt  ltgraph direct1gt      ltvertex labelV0gt     ltvertex labelV1gt     ltvertex labelV2gt     ltvertex labelV3gt     ltvertex labelV4gt     ltvertex labelV5gt      ltedge sourceV0 targetV1 weight1gt     ltedge sourceV0 targetV4 weight1gt     ltedge sourceV5 targetV2 weight1gt     ltedge sourceV5 targetV4 weight1gt     ltedge sourceV1 targetV2 weight1gt     ltedge sourceV1 targetV3 weight1gt     ltedge sourceV1 targetV4 weight1gt     ltedge sourceV2 targetV3 weight1gt  ltgraphgt codepre  pWith this classes i parsed the graph and give it an adjacency list representationp  precodeimport java.io.IOException import java.util.HashSet import java.util.LinkedList import java.util.Collection import java.util.Iterator import java.util.logging.Level import java.util.logging.Logger import practica3.util.Disc  public class ParsingXML       public static void mainString[] args          try               TODO code application logic here             CollectionltVertexgt sources  new HashSetltVertexgt             LinkedListltStringgt lines  Disc.readFilexmldirected.xml              for String lin  lines                  int i  Disc.findlin, source                 String data                    if i gt 0 ampamp i lt lin.length                      while lin.charAti  1                            data  lin.charAti  1                         i                                          Vertex v  new Vertex                     v.setNamedata                     v.setAdynew HashSetltVertexgt                     sources.addv                                                Iterator it  sources.iterator              while it.hasNext                  Vertex ver  Vertex it.next                 CollectionltVertexgt adyacencias  ver.getAdy                 LinkedListltStringgt ls  Disc.readFilexmlgraphs.xml                   for String lin  ls                      int i  Disc.findlin, target                     String data                        if lin.containssourcever.getName                          Vertex v  new Vertex                         if i gt 0 ampamp i lt lin.length                              while lin.charAti  1                                    data  lin.charAti  1                                 i                                                          v.setNamedata                                                   i  Disc.findlin, weight                         data                            if i gt 0 ampamp i lt lin.length                              while lin.charAti  1                                    data  lin.charAti  1                                 i                                                          v.setWeightInteger.parseIntdata                                                  if v.getName  null                              adyacencias.addv                                                                                           for Vertex vert  sources                  System.out.printlnvert                 System.out.printlnadyacencias   vert.getAdy                        catch IOException ex              Logger.getLoggerParsingXML.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex                 codepre  pThis is another classp  precodeimport java.util.Collection import java.util.Objects  public class Vertex       private String name     private int weight     private Collection ady      public Collection getAdy          return ady           public void setAdyCollection adyacencias          this.ady  adyacencias           public String getName          return name           public void setNameString nombre          this.name  nombre           public int getWeight          return weight           public void setWeightint weight          this.weight  weight           Override     public int hashCode          int hash  7         hash  43  hash  Objects.hashCodethis.name         hash  43  hash  this.weight         return hash           Override     public boolean equalsObject obj          if obj  null              return false                  if getClass  obj.getClass              return false                  final Vertex other  Vertex obj         if Objects.equalsthis.name, other.name              return false                  if this.weight  other.weight              return false                  return true           Override     public String toString          return Vertice  name  name  , weight  weight           codepre  pAnd finallyp  precode     author user     jde   ltDisc.javagt Contains the main argument  import java.io. import java.util.LinkedList      Lectura y escritura de archivos en listas de cadenas   Ideal para el uso de las clases para grficas.     author Peralta Santa Anna Victor Miguel   since  Julio 2011   public class Disc              Metodo para lectura de un archivo             param fileName archivo que se va a leer       return El archivo en representacion de lista de cadenas           public static LinkedListltStringgt readFileString fileName throws IOException           BufferedReader file  new BufferedReadernew FileReaderfileName         LinkedListltStringgt textlist  new LinkedListltStringgt          while file.ready              textlist.addfile.readLine.trim                   file.close                                  forString lineatextlist                     iflinea.containssource                         String generado  linea.replaceAllltws,                                                  System.out.printlngenerado                                               return textlist      readFile           public static int findString linea,String palabra                         int i,j             boolean found  false             fori0,j0iltlinea.lengthi                                 iflinea.charAtipalabra.charAtj                     j                     ifjpalabra.length                         found  true                                                 return i                                                            else                     continue                                                           iffound                 i 1                           return i                                              Metodo para la escritura de un archivo             param fileName archivo que se va a escribir       param tofile la lista de cadenas que quedaran en el archivo       param append el bit que dira si se anexa el contenido o se empieza de cero           public static void writeFileString fileName, LinkedListltStringgt tofile, boolean append throws IOException           FileWriter file  new FileWriterfileName, append          for int i  0 i lt tofile.size i              file.writetofile.geti  n                   file.close     writeFile             Metodo para escritura de un archivo       param msg archivo que se va a escribir       param tofile la cadena que quedaran en el archivo       param append el bit que dira si se anexa el contenido o se empieza de cero           public static void writeFileString msg, String tofile, boolean append throws IOException          FileWriter file  new FileWritermsg, append         file.writetofile         file.close     writeFile    codepre  pIm stuck on what can be the best way to given an adjacency list representation of the graph how to apply it Depthfirst search algorithm. Any idea of how to aproach to complete the taskp
Negative 325 pA basic Google search finds a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4993082howtosharpenanimageinopencvthis SO questiona and what appears to be an excellent answer. When I try, however, it has absolutely no effect on sharpening my blurred image.p  pCould somebody clarify if Im doing something completely wrongp  pWhat Ive done so far is implement the filter2D function on an image to remove random noise, it also blurs my periodic noise, which is excellent. Now that Ive blurred out the noise, I want to sharpen the image to see a lessnoisy image than the original image. Heres my codep  precode   anchor  Point 1, 1     delta  0    ddepth  1    dst  frame    dst2  image    filter2Dsrc, dst, ddepth , kernel, anchor, delta, BORDERDEFAULT     cvGaussianBlurframe, image, cvSize0, 0, 11   cvaddWeightedframe, 1.5, image, 0.5, 0, image codepre  pThe gaussianblur and addWeighted make strongNOstrong difference to the image whatsoever. Also, to clarify, there are no code errors at all either.p
Negative 325 pIm newish to Laravel, and Ive noticed when I use its Monologbased logging, e.g. codeLoginfoblah blahcode, the lines it writes to my logfile are suffixed with two empty sets of square brackets.  What are they for, and how can I turn them off  Theyre not helpful in the slightest.  Ive tried digging into the source code and Googling a bit, but Im not seeing any explanation.p  pExamplep  blockquote   p[20131112 091316] log.INFO Hello world [] []p      p[20131112 091331] log.INFO My silly log message [] []p blockquote  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI created content of a file like a stringp  precodestring fileContent  CreateContent codepre  pThen I created codeAttachmentcodep  precodeAttachment fileAttachment  null var stream  new MemoryStream var writer  new StreamWriterstream if String.IsNullOrEmptyfileContent      writer.WritefileContent     writer.Flush     fileAttachment  new Attachment         stream,         attachmentName,         MediaTypeNames.Text.Plain  codepre  pAfter this, I sent the emailp  precodeSendEmail.SendEmailWithFilestrEmailSubject, fromEmail, fileAttachment codepre  pand closep  precodewriter.Close stream.Close codepre  pLooks like everything is OK. But it isnt. The problem is that codeSendEmailWithFilecode method should send codefileAttachmentcode to 2 different personsp  precodePublic Sub SendEmailWithFilestrEmailSubject, fromEmail, fileAttachment  Dim emlEmail As Net.Mail.MailMessage  s.GetMailMessage  Dim smtp As Net.Mail.SmtpClient  New Net.Mail.SmtpClient  emlEmail.To.Adduser.EmailAddress  ...  If fileAttachmentIsNot Nothing Then     emlEmail.Attachments.AddfileAttachment  End If  smtp.SendemlEmail1   If Not String.IsNullOrEmptyconfigurationManager.AppSettingsadditionalEmailTo Then   emlEmail.To.Clear   Dim address As String  configurationManager.AppSettingsadditionalEmailTo   emlEmail.To.Addaddress   smtp.SendemlEmail2  End If End Sub codepre  pEmails send without errors but first email 1  contains empty file and the second2 contains full file.p  pWhat should I do to send correct file to both email addressesp
Negative 325 pI am trying to extract a .zip file using python. I am doing it asp  precodez  zipfile.ZipFilefilename for f in z.namelist     print f     if f.endswith         os.makedirsf     else         z.extractf codepre  pThis works fine until the .img file is encountered. Once .img is encountered the extract freezesp  pHow to resolve thisp
Negative 325 pIm using EAK and a canary build of Ember  this was the same with beta amp canaray builds from emberjs.com as well as alexpenners build at a hrefhttpember.alexspeller.comemberlatest.js relnofollowhttpember.alexspeller.comemberlatest.jsap  pSo Ember should of course be managed by bower. I am trying to use the queryparams feature in EAK, and per the ember guide a hrefhttpemberjs.comguidesroutingqueryparams relnofollowhttpemberjs.comguidesroutingqueryparamsa placed the line p  precodeEmber.FEATURES[queryparams]  true codepre  pdirectly before the App.create line in app.jsp  pInside the relevant route, p  precoderenderTemplate  function controller, context, queryParams       console.logqueryParams  codepre  pWould always log undefined, until I added the above features line to the actual Ember source in the vendor folder  . For instance, right after the features hash is defined in ember.js, adding codeEmber.feature[queryparams]  truecode and refreshing would yield the proper params object in the console.p  pThis indicates to me that the feature is working properly in all respects i.e. the object is being accessed correctly in the app, but I would like to be able to enable the flag in a reasonable place such as app.jsp  pAny idea why it would not work to enable the flag above the app.create line Is there a different way to approach this in EAKp
Negative 325 pIf I have the following classp  precodeclass Animal    ...   int GetSize const  return size    void SetSizeint size  size  size    ... private   int size  codepre  pand I create a Converter class that can be called like thisp  precodeAnimal elephant  new Animal... Converter c  new ConverterltAnimal, intgtampAnimalGetSize, ampAnimalSetSize cgtSetelephant, 50 codepre  pAssuming the converter template class would need the type of the object and the type of the field were going to pass to it.p  pThis isnt too big of a problem, you can just convert the string back to the original type and call the setterp  precodetemplate lttypename ObjectType, typename ValueTypegt class Converter    ...   void SetObjectType obj, ValueType value      stdstringstream ssvalue     T newValue     ss gtgt newValue     objgtsetternewValue      ...   typedef void ObjectTypeSetterTypeValueType   SetterType setter   ...  codepre  pThe problem is putting these converter classes into a container of some kind.  Perhaps something likep  precodestdmapltstdstring, Convertergt fields fields[size]  new ConverterltAnimal, intgtampAnimalGetSize, ampAnimalSetSize codepre  pFirst thoughts went to a abstract base class, but then you cant get the original type out of the base class, which means you cant do the string conversion.p  pAny ideas would be much appreciated.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pSlight clarification.  The idea is to create a map with converters of different types, like thisp  precodefields[size]  new ConverterltAnimal, intgtampAnimalGetSize, ampAnimalSetSize fields[growth]  new ConverterltAnimal, doublegtampAnimalGetGrowth, ampAnimalSetGrowth codepre
Negative 325 pI have developed a windows application for a pharmacy company.So every user can install the set up and use the application.Now there is a Purchase module where user enters InvoiceNumber which should be unique.While entering the InvoiceNumber and leave textbox i have a validation to check if the InvoiceNumber already exists.This is fine.Now the problem is if two users are entering the same InvoiceNumber in different systems and when they Click on Save button at the same time, then it will be like inserting two  records with Same InvoiceNumber . This is the problem in 23 modules where i can notice the above scenario.p  pCan anyone advise on avoiding the above scenarios.p  pAs per the below comments If I create Unique Constraint on InvoiceNumber column then it should be unique.In my application user can delete the Created Invoice and again enter those details.In that Case I am just updating the IsDeleted column in Database and this constraint will not work.p  pPrathapp
Negative 325 pI have an activity which contains a table layout, I know how to set up the table layout, with the required number of rows. But I want the user to be able to define the number of rows that are created on the page. Here is how I intend to go about it. When the user navigates to the page, an alert dialog that collects the number of rows he wants to create pops up, then he inserts a value and the value is used to generate the required number of rows. I can find my way up to creating the dialog and collecting the number but I dont know how to use it to generate the rows.  Please point me in the right direction.p
Negative 325 pI have an KO observables like this a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netbxfXd3107 relnofollowstrongDEMOstrongap  precodevar  list  function     var array   [val 1, val 2, val 3, val 4]     var that  this     this.inputs  ko.observableArray      array.forEachfunctionobj         var val  ko.observableobj.val         that.inputs.pushval          Subscribe to each element         val.subscribefunctionval            console.logval                  ko.applyBindingsnew list codepre  pAnd I am using codeinputscode to populate data in fields likep  precode ltul databindforeach inputsgt     ltinput typetext databindvalue data gt ltulgt codepre  pSo when ever I change the input data is there a way to know the parent is getting updated with new entered data since all values are observable.p  pSo as per a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9726172knockoutjsobservablearraychangestoindividualobservableitemsknockoutjsobservablearraychangestoindividualobservableitemsap  pI make each item as observable and try to subscribe the changesp  precodeSubscribe to each element    val.subscribefunctionval        console.logval     codepre  pbut that too doesnt work , how to implement this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9726172knockoutjsobservablearraychangestoindividualobservableitemsknockoutjsobservablearraychangestoindividualobservableitemsa solution.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to implement a math captcha with javascript. I have created the random numbers with p  precodeltscriptgt setIntervalfunction    num1.textMath.floorMath.random41   num2.textMath.floorMath.random31   ltscriptgt codepre  pThen put them somewhere in the form like thisp  precodeltdivgt ltspan idnum1gtltspangt  ltspan idnum2gtltspangt  ltinput idcaptcha typetext gt ltdivgt codepre  pand then verifyp  precode.validator.addMethodcaptcha, functionvalue  result   parseIntnum1.val  parseIntnum2.val  parseIntcaptcha.val   return result , Numbers do not match, please try again.  codepre  pBUT there are two problems one is that the random numbers are generated sometimes and sometimes not. The seond problem is the verification. I want to sum the two generated numbers and see if the summed number equals the input number, then return true, but somehow the document.getElementByIdnum1.value doesnt pass the generated numbers.  Any idea how to fix thisp  pUPDATEp  precodevar number1  Math.floorMath.random41 var number2  Math.floorMath.random31 num1.textnumber1 num2.textnumber2  .validator.addMethodcaptcha, functionvalue  result  num1.textnumber1.val  num2.textnumber2.val  parseIntcaptcha.val  return result , Numbers do not match, please try again.  codepre
Negative 325 pI developed a jsp page with jQuery  ajax to submit data to AdmitServlet. It run ok in my localhost tomcat7, but can not work in unix tomcat6.p  pcode in jspp  precode    document.readyfunction                     input[typeradio].clickfunction              var rateId  [namerateId].val             .ajax               typePost,               url http127.0.0.18080admissionAdmitServlet,                data action  [nameaction]checked.val , rateIdrateId,                success functiondata                 welcometext.textdata                 ,                       codepre  pthis is the error from Chromep  precodePOST http127.0.0.18080admissionAdmitServlet  jquery1.10.2.js8706 sendjquery1.10.2.js8706 jQuery.extend.ajaxjquery1.10.2.js8136 anonymous functionlistadmit.jsp49 jQuery.event.dispatchjquery1.10.2.js5095 elemData.handlejquery1.10.2.js4766 codepre  pPlease help me, I am totally confused about it.p
Negative 325 pIm trying to test an application to see if it displays the right language strings when I change the system language. I intend on automating the process. So Ill change the language, launch my AUT and check to see if the correct language strings are being displayed. Is there an API that allows me to access the control panel and change the system language to say French from English. And then later German and so on. I need this to happen in the background. I could run a batch file to launch control panel using p  precodecontrol name Microsoft.RegionalAndLanguageOptions codepre  pThis launches control panel, but how do I change the language. Ideally I dont even want control panel to be displayed.p
Negative 325 pI thought of making a calculator, just a simple one with loops and the basic operations, but the weird thing is that the codescanfcode of character in between my codescanfcode for number is being ignored. It works fine if I put it on top of the codescanfcode of integer but it wouldnt look anything like a calculator. Is there any way to solve this issue Its not yet finished got an error up to here, so wondering whats wrong.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt  int main     int number1,number2,total     char a     printfThis is your personal calculatorEnd with n      scanfd,ampnumber1     scanfc,ampa     scanfd,ampnumber2      if a  x  a  X  a           totalnumber1number2         printfd,total      else if a           totalnumber1number2         printfd,total      else if a           totalnumber1number2         printfd,total      else if a           totalnumber1number2         printfd,total      else          printferror           systempause     return 0  codepre
Negative 325 pis there any way how to actually get to the CSSpace in entity framework 6 code firstp  pI tried to convert codeDbContextcode to codeObjectContextcode like thisp  precode public static ObjectContext ToObjectContextthis DbContext dbContext                      return IObjectContextAdapterdbContext.ObjectContext          codepre  pbut how can I get access to the CSSpace via the ObjectContextp  pthanks for answers, any help would be appreciated, I tried a lot but it seems that nothing works p
Negative 325 pReading package lists... Done Building dependency treebr Reading state information... Done The following package was automatically installed and is no longer required   cordovaubuntu2.8examples Use aptget autoremove to remove it. The following NEW packages will be installed   mongodb10gen 0 upgraded, 1 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded. Need to get 0 B87.1 MB of archives. After this operation, 221 MB of additional disk space will be used. Reading database ... 250020 files and directories currently installed. Unpacking mongodb10gen from ...mongodb10gen2.4.8i386.deb ... Obsolete conffile etcinit.dmongodb has been modified by you, renaming to .dpkgbak dpkg error processing varcacheaptarchivesmongodb10gen2.4.8i386.deb unpack  trying to overwrite usrbinmongos, which is also in package mongodb10genunstablemongos 2.5.2 dpkgdeb error subprocess paste was killed by signal Broken pipe Errors were encountered while processing  varcacheaptarchivesmongodb10gen2.4.8i386.deb E Subprocess usrbindpkg returned an error code 1p
Negative 325 pMy target machine for some socket communication application in a LAN has code192.168.98.91code for IPv4.p  pWhen I try to resolve IPaddress with getaddrinfo it returns code127.0.0.1codep  pHow can I get code192.168.98.91codep  pIve set code192.168.98.91code for codemyhostcode in codeetchostscodefile and ping I did to codemyhostcode showed code192.168.98.91code as IP address.p  pMy machine is CentOS6.4.p  pThis is setting of etchosts.p  precode192.168.98.91   myhost 127.0.0.1   myhost localhost.localdomain  codepre  pThis is my code.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltunistd.hgt include ltsystypes.hgt include ltsyssocket.hgt include ltnetinetin.hgt include ltnetdb.hgt include lterrno.hgt include ltarpainet.hgt  int mainint argc,char argv[]     int sock     struct addrinfo hints,res     int n     int err     ifargc  2         fprintfstderr,Usage  s dst n,argv[0]         return 1           memsetamphints,0,sizeofhints     hints.aifamily  AFUNSPEC      hints.aisocktype  SOCKDGRAM     err  getaddrinfoargv[1],12345,amphints,ampres     iferr  0         perrorgetaddrinfo         printfgetaddrinfo sn,strerrorerrno         printfgetaddrinfo  s n,gaistrerrorerr         return 1           sock  socketresgtaifamily,resgtaisocktype,0     ifsock lt 0         perrorsocket         return 1                   const char ipverstr         switch resgtaifamily             case AFINET                 ipverstr  IPv4                 break             case AFINET6                 ipverstr  IPv6                 break             default                 ipverstr  unknown                 break                              printfipverstr  sn ,ipverstr                      n  sendtosock,HELLO,5,0,resgtaiaddr,resgtaiaddrlen     n  sendtosock,HELLO, 5, 0,struct sockaddr addr, sizeofaddr     ifnlt1         perrorsendto                            return 1          struct sockaddrin addr     addr  struct sockaddrin resgtaiaddr      printfinetntoainaddrsin  sn,inetntoastruct inaddraddrgtsinaddr      printf finish  n     closesock     freeaddrinfores     return 0  codepre
Negative 325 pOn this theme a hrefhttpwww.fabthemes.comtiberion relnofollowhttpwww.fabthemes.comtiberiona, when you go to a single post, the thumbnail is blown up into the background automatically.p  pHow can I stop this from happening I just want 1 single background for all posts and the main page.p  pIve tried looking through the style.css for anything related to the background, but no luck. Ive also tried scouring through the single.php and index.php. Am I missing somethingp  pThanks for any advicep
Negative 325 pIm working on a google Calendar sync with my application.  Im using the latest a hrefhttpscode.google.compgoogleapiphpclient relnofollowgoogleapiphpclientap  pNow I want to update all my event, so i want to use the batch operation.  The example code of the php client api is p  precodeclient  new GoogleClient plus  new GooglePlusServiceclient  clientgtsetUseBatchtrue  batch  new GoogleBatchRequest batchgtaddplusgtpeoplegtget, key1 batchgtaddplusgtpeoplegtgetme, key2 result  batchgtexecute codepre  pSo when I translate it to the calendar API, I become the following code     client  new GoogleClient     thisservice  new GoogleCalendarServiceclientp  precodeclientgtsetUseBatchtrue  Make new batch and fill it with 2 events batch  new GoogleBatchRequest  gEvent1  new Googleevent gEvent1gtsetSummaryEvent 1  gEvent2  new Googleevent gEvent2gtsetSummaryEvent 2  batchgtadd thisgtservicegteventsgtinsertprimary, gEvent1 batchgtadd thisgtservicegteventsgtinsertprimary, gEvent2  result  batchgtexecute codepre  pBut when I run this code, I get this error p  precodeCatchable fatal error Argument 1 passed to GoogleBatchRequestadd     must be an instance of GoogleHttpRequest, instance of GoogleEvent given codepre  pAnd I do not think that pluspeopleget is a HttpRequest. p  pDoes anybody know what I do wrong, or what method  object I should use to add in the batch  Or what the correct use of the batch operation for the calendar is p  pThanks in advance p
Negative 325 pOk im having a problem with the text boxes of my page holding values of the login info when i navigate to the start up page via the back button of the browser. i need the text boxes to clear when the page is loaded but when i use the code im using the text boxes stay equal to  instead of the user input when the login button is clicked. heres my code.p  precode protected void PageLoadobject sender, EventArgs e              if Page.IsPostBack  true                      txtEmailLog.Text               txtPasswordLog.Text                        protected void btnLoginClickobject sender, EventArgs e              PlayerModel plyrModel  new PlayerModel         PlayerBLO plyrBLO  new PlayerBLO          ListltPlayerModelgt models  plyrBLO.GetAllPlayers                       foreach PlayerModel player in models                      if txtEmailLog.Text  player.PlayerEmail ampamp txtPasswordLog.Text  player.PlayerPassword                               Session.AddPlayer, player                  Response.RedirectPlayerMenu.aspx                            else                              lblMessage.Text  Invalid Login Retry or Register.                                   codepre
Negative 325 pIm currently using the Ember input helpers to render data bound form controlsp  pcodeinput classformcontrol typeemail valueemail codep  pThis generates the following HTMLp  pcodeltinput idember502 classemberview embertextfield formcontrol typeemail valuepersonexample.comgtcodep  pHTML 5 input controls support the strongrequiredstrong attribute on elements.  This attribute has no value.  Attempting to pass the value into the template causes a compilation error and using something like coderequiredtruecode will not function correctly since the attribute is not empty.p  pHow can I modify the ember TextInput view to include attributes without values  Ive attempted to subclass it but the API is preventing direct access.p
Negative 325 pLets suppose I have a couple of classes with derived classesp  precodeclass A  protected ... private .... public  foo1 foo2 foo3     Class B  public A  same thing here with variables... public doo1 doo2    Class C  public A  same thing here with variables... public loo1 loo2   codepre  pThen in my main I create objects and call the functions as followsp  precodeB objb C objc  objb.doo1 objb.doo2 objc.loo1 objc.loo2 codepre  pI was wondering if there was a way to group all of these together without the use of a function that includes all of the functions within that class, into a class or some sort of array structure not necessarily an array for this.  By array type I mean int array[]  1, 1, 1, 1, 1  equivalent in this case to something like  objb.doo1, objc.loo1 etc.p  pIs theres any way this is possible in cp
Negative 325 pI am trying to calculate the total price for each new item added. I have created an onchange function that will calculate the total price based on the quantity inputted by the user, so every time the user changes the quantity, the price changes. I have tried running my code however it doesnt seem to be calculating and displaying the total in its corresponding text box.p  pstrongJavaScriptstrong br p  precodefunction getTotali  var price  document.getElementByIdpriceperi.value var perpack  document.getElementByIdperpacki.value var quantity  document.getElementByIdquantityi.value  document.getElementByIdsubtotali.value  priceperpackquantity  codepre  pstrongHTMLPHPstrong br p  precodelttablegt lttrgt lttdgtPaperlttdgt lttd aligncentergtPricelttdgt lttd aligncentergtPer Packlttdgt lttd aligncentergtQuantitylttdgt lttd aligncentergtSub Totallttdgt lttrgt lttr classmultippgt lttdgtltinput typetext namedescription0 iddescription size85 maxlength70 valueltphp echo htmlspecialcharsdescription[0] gt gtlttdgt lttdgtltinput typetext namepriceper0 idpriceper size10 maxlength9 value gtlttdgt lttdgtltinput typetext nameperpack0 idperpack size10 maxlength9 value gtlttdgt lttdgtltinput typetext namequantity0 idquantity size10 maxlength9 onChangegetTotaligtlttdgt lttdgtltinput typetext namesubtotal0 idsubtotal size15 maxlength9 value gtlttdgt lttrgt ltphp fori1 ilt10 i    echo lttr classmultippgt   echo lttdgtltinput typetext namedescription.i. iddescription.i. size85 maxlength70 value.htmlspecialcharsdescription[i]. gtlttdgt   echo lttdgtltinput typetext namepriceper.i. idpriceper.i. size10 maxlength9 value.htmlspecialcharspriceper[i]. gtlttdgt   echo lttdgtltinput typetext nameperpack.i. idperpack.i. classtxt size10 maxlength9 value.htmlspecialcharspriceper[i]. gtlttdgt   echo lttdgtltinput typetext namequantity.i. idquantity.i. size10 maxlength9 onChangegetTotali value.htmlspecialcharsquantity[i]. gtlttdgt   echo lttdgtltinput typetext namesubtotal.i. idsubtotal.i. size15 maxlength9 value.htmlspecialcharssubtotal[i]. gtlttdgt   echo lttrgt  gt lttablegt codepre
Negative 325 pUsing Xcode do I need to create a new file for each view when it is connected to a button Or does it work fine with just keeping the app under one h and m filep
Negative 325 pI am debugging a plugin that is loaded by the  IIRC KDEPluginLoader class.p  pThe problem is that whenever I have made modifications to the plugin, they are not seen.p  pThis is because the application is loading the plugin from the system plugin area. I do not want to put this plugin in that area.  and really I shouldnt have to. But lsof points to the plugin in the system area. p  pHow do I get the application to load plugins from the compile directory firstp
Negative 325 pCould someone please let me know the best way to prove a linked list contains a loop  I am using an algorithm with two pointer, one is moving slow with one steps and one is moving faster with two steps.p  precodeclass Nodeobject     def initself, value, nextNone         self.nextnext         self.valuevalue def createlist     last  Node8     head  Node7, last     head  Node6, head     head  Node5, head     head  Node4, head     head  Node3, head     head  Node2, head     head  Node1, head     last.next  head     return head  def iscircularhead     slow  head     fast  head     while True         slow  slow.next         fast  fast.next.next         print slow.value, fast.value         if slow.value  fast.value             return True         elif slow is fast             return False  if name  main     node  createlist     print iscircularnode codepre
Negative 325 pIm writing a .NET library using Newtonsoft that interacts with a REST service, and I have a service thats returning json, but the json id field is called id. So I cant just create a corresponding id property in my C data class. I tried to use something like p  precode    [JsonObjectMemberSerialization.OptOut]     public class DocData              [JsonPropertyid]         public string id  get set           public string Name  get set       codepre  pbut while Name gets assigned, the id property does not. Anyone know how to map this json key to .NETp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pThank you in advance for any advice. I am having an ArrayList and trying to enter data to the mysql database. Error I am getting  strongcom.mysql.jdbc.MysqlDataTruncation Data truncation Data too long for column Id at row 1strong I checked item.id is max 2 characters, Id  varchar3 in the table. I attached also screen shot to show you size of elements in the table. I do suspect some error in my code in the loop when I am assigning the values from the ArrayList to the table. Exactly I think it is some error in this part of the code in the class given below.p  precodeforContact item  pDir             s.executeINSERT INTO pDB.PhoneD Id, FirstName,                      LastName, PhoneNumber values item.id, item.firstName, item.lastName,                      item.phoneNumber           ltpregt ltcodegt   ltpregt ltcodegt public class Contact    private static ArrayListltContactgt pDir private  String id, firstName, lastName, phoneNumber String dataSourceName  pDB String dbURL  jdbcmysqllocalhost3306  dataSourceName String result   Connection con  null Statement s  static pDirectory  new ArrayListltContactgt     Contact c0  new Contact1,Maaaaaa,Madreth,1110001998     Contact c1  new Contact2,Dara,Gurde,0200001996     Contact c2  new Contact3,Maaaaaa,Kvalskrooeee,1001111998     pDir.addc0     pDir.addc1     pDir.addc2      public Contact      forContact item  pDir           System.out.printlnitem.id     item.firstName     item.lastName                        item.phoneNumber        public ContactString id, String firstName, String lastName, String phoneNumber        this.id id     this.firstName  firstName      this.lastName  lastName      this.phoneNumber  phoneNumber   public String getFirstName  return firstName public void setFirstNameString firstName  this.firstName  firstName public String getLastName  return lastName  public void setLastNameString lastName  this.lastName  lastName  public String getId  return id public void setIdString id this.id  id     public String getPhoneNumber  return phoneNumber     public void setPhoneNumberString phoneNumber  this.phoneNumber  phoneNumber  public Response getLocationDetails              try          try         Class.forNamecom.mysql.jdbc.Driver         con  Connection DriverManager.getConnectiondbURL,root,password         System.out.printlnWe are connected to database                  catchException e          System.out.printlnCan not connect to database         e.printStackTrace                           s  Statement con.createStatement         forContact item  pDir             s.executeINSERT INTO pDB.PhoneD Id, FirstName,                      LastName, PhoneNumber values item.id, item.firstName, item.lastName,                      item.phoneNumber                      codepre  pScreenshot of the tablePhoneDp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com3uvRt.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pAfter using Ajax I get some chat messages returned in string form by webservice.  Now I want to print that messages one below another. How may I use Column Separator and row separator here. This is how all messages returned are shown in a single linep  precodeUser1 says Hello to this world and enjoy this weeksent at 054030 AMUser2 says Hello to my worldsent at 054135 AM codepre  psome changes are required here to put the messages one below anotherp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function OnSuccessdata         if data.d                   div1.innerText  data.d                       ltscriptgt codepre  pI wanted that two messages to look like this img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comI2t3q.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pThis is really hard to explain, but i will do my best. p  pI have a array called strongarrayoftransationcsstrong which contains 4 strings. strongSCAN, MEMBERID, RESTAURANT, TIME, PAIDstrong. If a scan is paid, it will defined as 1, and if not it will have 0. p  pSo the main question to my problem is, how can I get scan that contain paid  0 which has not have paid  1 within 60 min. I will give an example.p  pstrongExample Astrong In this example, there is 3 scan which comes from the same cafe x within 20 min. The first 2 has been defined as paid  0, and the last has been defined as paid  1. Because there is paid  1 within 60min with the same memberid and restaurant, i dont want any of the scanp  precodeScan A  1635752   Cafe X    17112013 2100    Paid 1   Scan B  1635752   Cafe X    17112013 2050    Paid 0   Scan C  1635752   Cafe X    17112013 2040    Paid 0 codepre  pstrongExample Bstrong In this example, there is also 3 scan from the same member, same restaurant, within 60min, but all of them has been defined as paid  0. Because there is no paid  1 in this example, i want these in a array. This is the goal. emBut there is a twist here, because there is more than 1 scan to use, i only want the latest scan in this example, which will mean only scan A can be usedemp  precodeScan A  1635752   Cafe X    17112013 2100    Paid 0   Scan B  1635752   Cafe X    17112013 2050    Paid 0   Scan C  1635752   Cafe X    17112013 2040    Paid 0   codepre  pSo I hope you understand the my question. I need paid  0 scan if there is not a paid  1 scan subsequently with the same memberid, restaurant within 60minp  pThis is how i tried. p  pI am looping my array 2 times, and then checking for it the same memberid cardid and restaurants are equals together, if yes, then check time. If it is whitin 60min, mark the scan as doublep  precode foreacharrayoftransationcs as key gt array        timearrayoftransationcs[key][created]     cardid  arrayoftransationcs[key][cardid]     restaurantid  arrayoftransationcs[key][restaurantid]      ifissetarrayoftransationcs[key]              foreacharrayoftransationcs as k1gtv1                      time2arrayoftransationcs[k1][created]              ifkeyltk1                              ifarrayoftransationcs[k1][cardid]cardid ampamp arrayoftransationcs[k1][restaurantid]restaurantid                                      ifcomparetime,time2                                                  arrayoftransationcs[key][error]  double                         arrayoftransationcs[k1][error]  double                                                                                                  codepre  hr  pchecking the time here.p  precode function comparefirsttime, secondtime        interval  firsttimesecondtime      difroundabsinterval  60      if dif lt 60  dif lt 60                 if dif0                        return true                  else                      return false                    codepre  hr  pThis is the place, where i filter after paid  0 and does not contain anything in the error field.p  precode  foreach arrayoftransationcs as key         ifkey[paid]  0 ampamp emptykey[error]                  ids[]  key[transactionid]           codepre  hr  pBut I am not sure it is the right approach, I did it with the code. For technically, I select all scan which has the same membership number, restaurant with double in the field error, if it is paid  1 or 0, does not matter .. this is not right, i think.p  pSo Im missing something here, checking if there is paid  0 scan here if yes, check if there is a paid  1 scan within the next 60min having the same medlemid and restaurant. If so, then mark them as doubles.p
Negative 325 pI am facing issue of looping between older activities, to explain it further I have  codeActivity1 gt Activity2 gt Activity3 gt Activity4 gt Activity5 gtcode send mail. p  pUser can go back multiple times to codeActivity4code by keydown and again come back to codeActivity5code and send mail. Further it creates twomultiple copies of activity4 and user has to press back key to close the activity. i want activity to be available only one time. I got this fixed by using codeonpausecode finish call till codeActivity 5code. but as sending email intent throws me out of app and as i finished all activites codeon pausecode I am not able to come back in app can any one help me with this please....p  precodepublic void onClickView v           TODO Autogenerated method stub          getdata          String message  message                          final Intent emailIntent  new Intent                 android.content.Intent.ACTIONSEND         emailIntent.setTypeplaintext         emailIntent.putExtraandroid.content.Intent.EXTRAEMAIL,                 new String[]  googlegmail.com          emailIntent.putExtraandroid.content.Intent.EXTRASUBJECT,                 subject         emailIntent.putExtraandroid.content.Intent.EXTRATEXT, message         startActivityForResultIntent.createChooseremailIntent, Send mail...,1          Override     protected void onActivityResultint requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data         Intent Act2Intent  new IntentNew.this, Old.class         startActivityAct2Intent            Override     protected void onPause           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onPause         finish           public boolean onKeyDownint keyCode, KeyEvent event          if keyCode  KeyEvent.KEYCODEBACK              Intent Act2Intent  new IntentNew.this, Older.class             startActivityAct2Intent             finish             return true                  return false           Override     public void onStop          super.onStop         EasyTracker.getInstancethis.activityStopthis      codepre
Negative 325 pWhen I delete a word, I use kbddwkbd, but I found out that there is kbddawkbd, which can be memorized as delete a word.p  pIs there any difference between kbddwkbd and kbddawkbdp
Negative 325 pI am trying to insert a query using the below jsp code p  precodelt page importjava.sql., javax.servlet.http. languagejava     contentTypetexthtml charsetwindows1256 pageEncodingwindows1256 gt   ltpublic static Connection connect   try  Class.forNamecom.mysql.jdbc.Driver.newInstance return DriverManager.getConnectionjdbcmysqllocalhosttest,root,dhawanbhai1     catch Exception e  throw new Errore return null      public static boolean closeConnection c  try  c.close return true    catch Exception e  return false   gt ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD HTML 4.01 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.org TRhtml4loose.dtdgt lthtmlgt  ltheadgt  ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetwindows1256gt lttitlegtLogin Pagelttitlegt ltheadgt  ltbodygt  ltform actiongt  Please enter your username  ltinput typetext nameungt ltbrgt  Please enter your password ltinput typepassword namepwgt  ltinput typesubmit valuesubmitgt  ltformgt  ltbodygt  lthtmlgt  lt Connection c  connect    String userrequest.getParameterun String passrequest.getParameterpw PreparedStatement pstc.prepareStatementinsert into userpass id,password  values , pst.setString1, user pst.setString2, pass   int valpst.executeUpdate  ifvalgt0 System.out.printlnInserted record gt codepre  pbut gettingp  precodeorg.apache.jasper.JasperException An exception occurred processing JSP page  LoginPage.jsp at line 68  65 pst.setString2, pass 66  67  68 int valpst.executeUpdate 69  70 ifvalgt0 71 System.out.printlnInserted record   Stacktrace codepre  porg.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.handleJspExceptionJspServletWrapper.java568     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.serviceJspServletWrapper.java455     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspFileJspServlet.java390      org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspServlet.java334     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728     org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilterWsFilter.java51p  precoderoot cause   javax.servlet.ServletException  com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLIntegrityConstraintViolationException Column  id cannot be null  org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.doHandlePageExceptionPageContextImpl.java912  org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.handlePageExceptionPageContextImpl.java841 org.apache.jsp.LoginPagejsp.jspServiceLoginPagejsp.java147 org.apache.jasper.runtime.HttpJspBase.serviceHttpJspBase.java70 javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728 org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.serviceJspServletWrapper.java432 org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspFileJspServlet.java390 org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspServlet.java334 javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728 org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilterWsFilter.java51 codepre
Negative 325 pI could get the data appear saved in variable sbprint on screen from main activity. The varible sbprint i get from background activity that buffer bluetooth data. I want to log the data appear on screen to another class. The problem is i cant use serializable since the data always stream from my bluetooth module in realtime mode. The code based on a hrefhttpenglish.cxem.netarduinoarduino5.php relnofollowhereap  pI use handler to update my UI from data buffered  NOTE I obtain shared preference inside handler this is inside MainActivity.javap  precodeh  new Handler              public void handleMessageandroid.os.Message msg                  switch msg.what                  case RECIEVEMESSAGE                                                    if receive massage                     byte[] readBuf  byte[] msg.obj                     String strIncom  new StringreadBuf, 0, msg.arg1                  create string from bytes array                     sb.appendstrIncom                                                 append string                     int endOfLineIndex  sb.indexOfrn                             determine the endofline                     if endOfLineIndex gt 0                                             if endofline,                         String sbprint  sb.substring0, endOfLineIndex                extract string                         sb.delete0, sb.length                                       and clear                         txtArduino.setTextData from Arduino   sbprint             update TextView                          SharedPreferences logPreferences  PreferenceManager.getDefaultSharedPreferencesMainActivity.this                         SharedPreferences.Editor editor  logPreferences.edit                         String textLog  txtArduino.getText.toString                         editor.putStringlog, textLog                         editor.commit                                           Log.dTAG, ...String sb.toString   Byte  msg.arg1  ...                     break                                        codepre  pthe h Handler get the message object from ConnectedThread class based on bluetooth documentation in this command,p  precodeh.obtainMessageRECIEVEMESSAGE, bytes, 1, buffer.sendToTarget      Send to message queue Handler codepre  pMy question is, how do I pass the variable sbprint into my new screen in another class using handler just like above.p  pheres how i received data from data passed in another. I pass the data in variable buffer by getting from shared preferences as suggestedp  precodeOverride     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitydatalog          tvDatalog  TextView findViewByIdR.id.tvDatalog          SharedPreferences logPreferences  PreferenceManager.getDefaultSharedPreferencesthis         String text  logPreferences.getStringlog, null         tvDatalog.setTexttextrn      codepre  pNOTE  I got the data from my MainActivity but seems like my asynctask that works inside my MainActivity stopped as the screen change to another class. How do i make my background activity also works on both class. I mean whenever i am changing my screen on one to another  the background activity always working.p
Negative 325 precode  forFileModel rmmsgList                   gt          ltTd width5gtltigtltTdgt               ltTd width2000gtltrm.getFileNamegtltTdgt             lttd width2000gtltrm.getFileDategtlttdgt            ltTdgtltinput typeimage srcimagesdownload.png valueltrm.getFileIdgt namedownload altSubmit Form width200 height30gtltTdgt            lttrgtlt                 ii1            gt codepre
Negative 325 pIm practicing what are pretty basic java array exercises and Im having a hard time wrapping my head around how to insert an element into the beginning of an array and then shift the remaining elements to the right. So if the array hasnt gone over its max size, inserting a z in front of array, j, a, v, a would make for z, j, a, v, a. p  pI know how to do this with array lists, Im just having a difficult time getting the logic correct with arrays. This is what I have so far p  precode public void addFrontchar ch      forint i  1 i lt data.length1 i      char temp  data[i  1]       data[i]  temp         data[0]  ch     codepre  pIt seems like I need a temporary variable but Im not using it correctly in this instance. Any input would be appreciated p
Negative 325 pI have a model with a table that has around 5 million records. Currently django admin is very slow for the list display page. It can take a minute or more for the page to load.p  pIs there a way to optimize the list display page And make it load under 10 seconds Thanks in advance.p  pstrongmodels.pystrongp  precodeclass Notificationmodels.Model     id  models.AutoFieldprimarykeyTrue     token  models.ForeignKeyToken     alert  models.ForeignKeyAlert     createdat  models.DateTimeFieldautonowTrue     issent  models.BooleanFielddefaultFalse     isprocessed  models.BooleanFielddefaultFalse     errorsending  models.BooleanFielddefaultFalse       ...     def unicodeself         return us  self.id  codepre  pstrongadmin.pystrongp  precodeclass AppNotificationadmin.ModelAdmin     fields  [issent,isprocessed,errorsending]           listdisplay  tokencode,issent,isprocessed           searchfields  token,alert           listselectrelated  alert, token           listperpage  30  admin.site.registerNotification,AppNotification codepre  pDjango Version 1.6p  pstrongSolutionstrongp  precodeclass AppNotificationadmin.ModelAdmin     readonlyfields  token,alert      fields  [issent,isprocessed,errorsending,token,alert]           listdisplay  id,issent,isprocessed,errorsending           searchfields  [tokentoken]           listperpage  50  admin.site.registerNotification,AppNotification codepre
Negative 325 pI have a CTreeListCtrl in my MFC application.What I need to do is add a button in a particular column of a node when a particular condition is satisfiedtype is changed to reference.img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com8H0n3.png altDesired effectp  pIn the image I have edited and added a blue rounded oval to mark the place of desired button.What I want to do is to invoke a dialog on clicking it.But I dont have any clue whether it is possible or not.If yes then pls give me some suggesions.p
Negative 325 pSo, Ive found a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netzwbRa5 relnofollowthis JSFiddle examplea. In JSFiddle works well, the problem is that, even if I search any  from advogados just testing, the browser goes to codehttpwww.site.comindex.htmlprocuratestecodep  pNo jQuery conflict, no html issue.p  pHeres JSp  precodeprocura.onsubmit, functionevent            prevent form from being truely submitted     event.preventDefault       get value of text box     name  procuratexto.val       compare lower case, as you dont know what they will enter into the field.         if name.toLowerCase  advogados              redirect the user..          window.location.href  httpjornalexemplo.com.brlista20onlineadvogados.html          else              alertno redirect..entered   name         codepre
Negative 325 pI have a simple table structure in an Oracle Database 11gR2. Using generic terms, I have groups than contain one or more items i.e. a onetomany relationship. So the item table has a groupid field, which is a foreign key to the same field on the group table.p  pIs there a query I can use to extract this data from the database as XML Id like the result to be something like thisp  precodeltgroupsgt   ltgroup namegroup1gt     ltitem nameitem1gt     ltitem nameitem2gt   ltgroupgt   ltgroup namegroup2gt     ltitem nameitem3gt     ltitem nameitem4gt   ltgroupgt ltgroupsgt codepre  pI started writing this in a PLSQL procedure as a loop within a loop, i.e. looping through the groups then through the items within each group, but that seems longwinded. I was hoping there would be a query using XMLTable or XMLForest I could use for this sort of structure.p
Negative 325 pIm stumped. This makes no sense to me. The following codep  precodeSimpleDateFormat sdf  new SimpleDateFormatyyyyMMdd HHmmss.SSS long lFirst  1383460981000L long lSecond  1383464581000L System.out.printlnlFirst System.out.printlnlSecond  java.util.Date first   new DatelFirst java.util.Date second  new DatelSecond  System.out.printlnsdf.formatfirst System.out.printlnsdf.formatsecond  System.out.printlnfirst.getTime System.out.printlnsecond.getTime  System.out.printlnDiff  first.getTime  second.getTime  System.out.printlnHours diff   floatsecond.getTimefirst.getTime1000f60f60f codepre  pproduces the following outputp  precode1383460981000 1383464581000 20131103 014301.000 20131103 014301.000 1383460981000 1383464581000 Diff3600000 Hours diff 1.0 codepre  pHow do these two different long values produce the exact same date I ran into this while performing a data migration from one database type to another and validating the results. I couldnt comprehend the validation failures I was seeing so I created this little snippet of code to compare the values and sure enough. While Im willing to accept that theres some timezone weirdness going on in my databases, that would no seem to be the issue in this code sample.p
Negative 325 precodeMat1 is 2x2 matrix    [[1,2],  [3,4]]     Mat2 is 2x2 matrix    [[a,b], [c,d]]   Mat3 is 2x2 matrix   [[5,6],  [7,8]]      Mat4 is 2x2 matrix    [[e,f],  [g,h]]    codepre  pHow to combine the 4 matrix into one new matrix as below,  brp  precodeMat is 4x4 matrix     [ [1,2,a,b],      [3,4,c,d],      [5,6,e,f],      [7,8,g,h]]   codepre  pCan solve by numpy.reshape or resize   brp
Negative 325 pIm using the Contact Form 7 plugin on wordpress to collect data inputted in the fields, Im now looking to set up some validation rules using this neat extension a hrefhttpcodetricks.comcontactform7customvalidationinwordpress relnofollowhttpcodetricks.comcontactform7customvalidationinwordpressa br What Im after is to only allow one word only in the text field i.e. no whitespace and this one word has to begin with the letter r not case sensitive.br Ive written the no white space rule as followsp  precodewhitespace ifname  WhiteSpace      WhiteSpace  POST[WhiteSpace]      ifWhiteSpace            if pregmatchs,WhiteSpace             result[valid]  true          else              result[valid]  false             result[reason][name]  Invalid Entry.                codepre  pIs it possible to incorporate the second rule into this also So no whitespace, and the word must begin with the letter r Any suggestions would be greatly appreciatedp  hr  pEDIT seems codecore1024code answer does work, but only one of themp  precode    FirstField     ifname  FirstField          FirstField  POST[FirstField]          ifFirstField                if pregmatch[a]si,FirstField                 result[valid]  true              else                  result[valid]  false                 result[reason][name]  Invalid Entry.                                    SecondField     ifname  SecondField          SecondField  POST[SecondField]          ifSecondField                if pregmatch[r]si, SecondField                  result[valid]  true              else                  result[valid]  false                 result[reason][name]  Invalid Entry.                            codepre  pI want to use this code twice, once to validate the first character being codeacode on one field the second instance with the first character being codercode on another field. But it only seems the codeSecondFieldcode validation rule is working.p
Negative 325 pI nearly have this done but I have the followingp  precode    lttable border1 cellpadding2gt              lttheadgt             lttrgt             ltthgtItem Codeltthgt             ltthgtDescription ltthgt             ltthgtQty ltthgt             ltthgtPrice ltthgt             ltthgtTotal ltthgt             lttrgt             lttheadgt  ltphp i  1  Count to tell you want row we are looping through not needed just to help grandTotal  0   if emptyPOST    Dump POST values in array to see what the values look like  You dont need this.  Its just to see if we have more than one row in the posted  data from the form. echo printrPOST  Loop through each line on invoice and do something with it... i.e. Insert into database. foreachPOST[itemCode] as row gt item      echo lttbodygt     echolttrgt     echo lttdgt . POST[itemCode] .  . lttdgt     echo lttdgt . POST[itemDesc] .  . lttdgt     echo lttdgt . POST[itemQty] .  . lttdgt     echo lttdgt . POST[itemPrice] .  . lttdgt     echo lttdgt . POST[itemLineTotal] .  . lttdgt     echolttrgt     echolttbodygt           gt     lttablegt ltphp grandTotal . POST[itemLineTotal]    echo Order Total  . grandTotal  gt codepre  pBut this outputs the follwing a hrefhttpi.imgur.comJNYA6oh.jpg relnofollowhttpi.imgur.comJNYA6oh.jpgap  pThis is my javascriptp  precode            document.readyfunction                     We are overriding the autocomplete UI menu styles to create our own.                  You can add information from the returned json array as needed                  Just be sure that your array contains the correct value when returned                  Youll want to modify the dataitemdata.php file for the returned values                  .ui.autocomplete.prototype.renderItem  function ul, item                      return ltligtltligt                         .dataitem.autocomplete, item                           This is the autocomplete list that is generated                         .appendlta classadditionalInfogt  item.jItemCode      item.jItemDesc                               This is the hover box that is generated when you hover over an item in the list                         ltspan classadditionalInfoColorgt                          ltdivgtlth4gtItem Informationlth4gtltdivgt                          ltdivgtltstronggtItem Ccsacsacsacsascaodeltstronggt   item.jItemCode  ltdivgt                          ltdivgtltstronggtQty on Handltstronggt   item.jQtyOnHand  ltdivgt                          ltdivgtltstronggtMerchantltstronggt amp8364  item.jItemPrice  ltdivgt                          ltdivgtltstronggtWholesaleltstronggt amp8364  item.jItemWholesale  ltdivgt                          ltdivgtltstronggtRetailltstronggt amp8364  item.jItemRetail  ltdivgt                          ltspangt ltagt                          .appendToul                                    We dont want the user to leave the page if they have started working with it so we set the                  onbeforeload method                 itemCode.focusfunction                       window.onbeforeunload  function                           return You havent saved your data.  Are you sure you want to leave this page without saving first                                                         Update invoice total when item Qty or Price inputs have been updated                 itemQty, itemPrice.onkeyup, function                        Locate the row we are working with                     var itemRow  this.closesttr                      Update the price.                     updatePriceitemRow                                      Use the .autocomplete method to compile the list based on input from user                 itemCode.autocomplete                     source servicesfetchitemdata.php,                     minLength 1,                     selectfunction event, ui                          var itemrow  this.closesttr                          Populate the input fields from the returned values                         itemrow.finditemCode.valui.item.jItemCode                         itemrow.finditemDesc.valui.item.jItemDesc                         itemrow.finditemPrice.valui.item.jItemPrice                           Give focus to the next input field to recieve input from user                         itemQty.focus                         return false                                                                           Heres where we start adding rows to the invoice                                     Add row to list and allow user to use autocomplete to find items.                 addRow.onclick, function                         Get the table object to use for adding a row at the end of the table                     var itemsTable  itemsTable                       Create an Array to for the table row.  Just to make things a bit easier to read.                     var rowTemp  [                         lttr classitemrowgt,                         lttdgtlti iddeleteRow classiconremovegtltigtlttdgt,                         lttdgtltinput typetext nameitemCode[] classinputmedium value iditemCode gt lttdgt,                         lttdgtltinput typetext nameitemDesc[] classinputlarge value iditemDesc  readonlyreadonly gtlttdgt,                         lttdgtltinput typetext nameitemQty[] classinputmini value iditemQty gtlttdgt,                         lttdgtltdiv classinputprepend inputappendgtltspan classaddongtamp8364ltspangtltinput nameitemPrice[] class inputsmall iditemPrice typetextgtltdivgtlttdgt,                         lttdgtltdiv classinputprepend inputappendgtltspan classaddongtamp8364ltspangtltinput nameitemLineTotal[] class inputsmall iditemLineTotal typetext readonlyreadonlygtltdivgtlttdgt,                         lttrgt                     ].join                      var row  rowTemp                       save reference to inputs within row                     var itemCode  row.finditemCode                     var itemDesc  row.finditemDesc                     var itemPrice  row.finditemPrice                     var itemQty  row.finditemQty                       If the last row itemCode is empty then dont let the user continue adding a row                     if itemCodelast.val                              Add row after the first row in table                         .itemrowlast, itemsTable.afterrow                         itemCode.focus                           apply autocomplete method to newly created row                         row.finditemCode.autocomplete                             sourceservicesfetchitemdata.php,                             minLength1,                             selectfunction event, ui                                  itemCode.valui.item.jItemCode                                 itemDesc.valui.item.jItemDesc                                 itemPrice.valui.item.jItemPrice                                  Give focus to the next input field to receive input from user                                 itemQty.focus                                 return false                                                                                 Remove row when clicked                         row.finddeleteRow.onclick, function                                Remove this row we clicked on                             this.parents.itemrow.remove                              Show alert we removed the row                             updateMessage.alert, Item was removed, 2000                              Hide delete Icon if we only have one row in the list.                             if .itemrow.length lt 2 deleteRow.hide                              Update total                             updatetotal                                                    Update the invoice total on keyup when the user updates the item qty or price input                           Note This is for the newly created row                         row.finditemQty, itemPrice.onkeyup, function                                Locate the row we are working with                             var itemRow  this.closesttr                              Update the price.                             updatePriceitemRow                                                 else                          .alert.fadeInslow.htmlYou need to complete the item inputs                                            End if last itemCode input is empty                     return false                                 End DOM                Description Update price function               param itemRow  Row Object                             var updatePrice  functionitemRow                  Calculate the price of the row.  Remove and  so the calculation doesnt break                 var price  itemRow.finditemPrice.val.replace,   itemRow.finditemQty.val                 price  roundNumberprice, 2                 isNaNprice  itemRow.finditemLineTotal.valNA  itemRow.finditemLineTotal.valprice                 updatetotal                           var updatetotal  function                  var total  0                 inputitemLineTotal.eachfunction i                      price  this.val.replace,                      if isNaNprice total  Numberprice                                   total  roundNumbertotal, 2                 invGrandTotal.htmllth4gtamp8364  total  lth4gt                              Update message             var updateMessage  functionmsgType, message, delay                 alert.fadeInslow.addClassmsgType.htmlmessage.delaydelay.fadeOutslow                                           from httpwww.mediacollege.cominternetjavascriptnumberround.html             function roundNumbernumber, decimals                  var newString The new rounded number                 decimals  Numberdecimals                 if decimals lt 1                      newString  Math.roundnumber.toString                  else                      var numString  number.toString                     if numString.lastIndexOf.  1  If there is no decimal point                         numString  . give it one at the end                                          var cutoff  numString.lastIndexOf.  decimals The point at which to truncate the number                     var d1  NumbernumString.substringcutoff, cutoff  1 The value of the last decimal place that well end up with                     var d2  NumbernumString.substringcutoff  1, cutoff  2 The next decimal, after the last one we want                     if d2 gt 5  Do we need to round up at all If not, the string will just be truncated                         if d1  9 ampamp cutoff gt 0  If the last digit is 9, find a new cutoff point                             while cutoff gt 0 ampamp d1  9  isNaNd1                                  if d1  .                                      cutoff  1                                     d1  NumbernumString.substringcutoff, cutoff  1                                  else                                      cutoff  1                                                                                                                d1  1                                          if d1  10                          numString  numString.substring0, numString.lastIndexOf.                         var roundedNum  NumbernumString  1                         newString  roundedNum.toString  .                      else                          newString  numString.substring0, cutoff  d1.toString                                                       if newString.lastIndexOf.  1  Do this again, to the new string                     newString  .                                  var decs  newString.substringnewString.lastIndexOf.  1.length                 for var i  0 i lt decimals  decs i newString  0                 var newNumber  NumbernewString make it a number if you like                 return newString  Output the result to the form field change for your purposes              codepre  pObviously it is not getting the correct information from the array for the table but is outputting the correct values at the top  please please helpp
Negative 325 pI am using the well known Open Sans font family in my current project, and Im facing the following problem.p  pI have buttons and other elements with codewidth autocode, so when loading the page these elements will have a width calculated by the browser until the Open Sans font is actually loaded from Google Fonts, then their size is recalculated, creating an annoying effect.p  pHere is a demo a hrefhttpjsbin.comIkifUhUL1 relnofollowhttpjsbin.comIkifUhUL1a refresh the page multiple times to see it in action.p  pIs there a workaround for this problem without specifying a width for these elementsp  pAny tips appreciatedp
Negative 325 pHello i have sequence like thisp  precodedocument.readyfunction       ctl00txtsearch.autocomplete         source functionrequest, response              .ajax              Here is the code of autocomplete which is requesting               data and binding as autocomplete                                 var aabindonload      codepre  pHere is the another function which i want to call on page loadp  precodefunction bindonload       .get minicart.aspxmydatacontent, function data           var resourceContent  data              var miniresourceContent.finddivpnlminicart         smallcart.htmlmini          return false  codepre  pSo , my actual problem is when page is loaded first of all p  blockquote   pbindonloadp blockquote  pcalled and then autocomplete if textbox have some values right But when page is loaded and suddenly i started to write into autocomplete textbox then untill strongbindlonload function gets executedstrong autocomplete will not work.p  pI dont have idea how to handle it i have used strongemasynctrueemstrong but its not working i dont want to wait for second processp  pThanks in advance....p
Negative 325 pI have a simple Sub to set a checkbox placed on a worksheet depending on whether or not a Worksheet is protected.p  pcodechkToggleProtectcode absolutely exists, by Im getting a compile error on either of the lines where I reference it p  blockquote   pVariable not definedp blockquote  pAny ideas what Im doing wrongp  precodePrivate Sub SetToggleProtectByRef isprotected As Boolean      If isprotected Then         chkToggleProtect.Checked  True     Else         chkToggleProtect.Checked  False     End If  End Sub codepre
Negative 325 pI am writing a linq having a left outer join with conditions on right side table. my codep  precode var leftHotelRooms  db.HotelRooms.Includehrgthr.HotelRoomBlackoutPeriods                     .Whereroom gt hotelCodes.Containsroom.UserHotelId ampamp                       room.Scope  scope ampamp                       room.IsDeleted  false ampamp                       room.IsEnabled  true ampamp                       room.MaxCapacity gt minimumNumberOfGuests                     .GroupJoindb.HotelRoomBlackoutPeriods,                               room gt room.Id,                               blackoutPeriod gt blackoutPeriod.HotelRoomId,                               room, blackoutPeriod gt new                                                                 room,                                  blackoutPeriods  blackoutPeriod.DefaultIfEmpty                                                     .Selecta gt new a.room,a.blackoutPeriods                     .Where                            x gt x.blackoutPeriods.Anyy gt DbFunctions.DiffDaysy.StartDate, checkIn  0                     ampamp    DbFunctions.DiffDaysy.StartDate, checkIn lt 0  DbFunctions.DiffDaysy.StartDate, checkOut gt 0  false  true  true ampamp                         DbFunctions.DiffDaysy.StartDate, checkIn gt 0   DbFunctions.DiffDaysy.EndDate, checkIn lt 0  false  true  true                                          .ToList                  codepre  pwhich works perfectly fine but it strongdoes not eagerly loadstrong, when i convert result of above query to my business model it again fires some queries on codedb.HotelRoomBlackoutPeriodscodep  pPlease provide the optimum way to achieve this.br  thanks in advance. br  sorry if i am asking something nonsense  in advancep
Negative 325 pWhen I tried to call commandline to get latest update for my TFS mapped folderp  pcodeTF get recursivecodep  pThe call complete successfully from the coderuncode window of Windows 7.p  pHowever, when I put the call into a .bat file and run it via codeInvokeProcesscode within a build definition a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma18343719248616guidea to do that, it failed.p  pThe message is as below. p  blockquote   pUnable to determine the workspace. You may be able to correct this by   running tf workspaces collectionTeamProjectCollectionUrlp blockquote  pWhat happens How can I get around with thatp
Negative 325 pThe CC languages dont reorder struct members in memory and never insert padding before the first member.  But if I have 2 structures that start with the same members, can I cast between them if I only access the common members  In other words, is struct layout greedy  My concrete case is casting between a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsdesktopdd40732528vvs.8529.aspx relnofollowVIDEOINFOHEADERa and a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsdesktopdd40732628vvs.8529.aspx relnofollowVIDEOINFOHEADER2ap
Negative 325 pIs there any way to send a mail in HTML format and if possible with attachments when your default mail client isnt Outlookp  pMany thanks for any solution.p
Negative 325 precodefor i in rangelenlst        if lst[i][0]1 or lst[i][1]1         lst.removelst[i] return lst codepre  pThis gives IndexError list index out of range Why is this happeningp
Negative 325 pI am using supermassiveBuddyPress theme with wordpress 3.8 and BuddyPress 1.9.I have added one additional fieldMci Number to my registration form. I want this xprofile field values in Wordpress user edit admin panel.p  pwebsitea hrefhttpharsh031.0fees.netregister relnofollowhttpharsh031.0fees.netregisterap  pI tried below query and added to function.php. but ended up with nothing.Can you please help.p  precodeltphp  addaction showuserprofile, showmyextraprofilefields  addaction edituserprofile, showmyextraprofilefields  function showmyextraprofilefields user   gt     lth3gtExtra profile informationlth3gt     lttable classformtablegt         lttrgt             ltthgtltlabelgtMci Numberltlabelgtltthgt             lttdgt                 ltphp                  if functionexists xprofilegetfielddata                        xprofilevalue  xprofilegetfielddataMci Number, usergtID                                   else                      xprofilevalue                                    gt                 ltinput typetext nameMci Number idMci Number valueltphp echo escattr xprofilevalue  gt classregulartext readonly gt             lttdgt         lttrgt      lttablegt ltphp   gt codepre
Negative 325 pI have a xml file e.g. like thisp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt      ltRequestgt         ltAuthenticategt             ltUsernamegtUsernameltUsernamegt             ltTokengtTokenltTokengt         ltAuthenticategt         ltFieldsgt             ltGroup nametestgt                 ltFieldgt                     ltNamegtField 1ltNamegt                     ltTypegtstringltTypegt                 ltFieldgt                 ltFieldgt                     ltNamegtField 2ltNamegt                     ltTypegtstringltTypegt                 ltFieldgt             ltGroupgt             ltGroup nameGroup 2gt                 ltFieldgt                     ltNamegtField 3ltNamegt                     ltTypegtstringltTypegt                 ltFieldgt                 ltFieldgt                     ltNamegtField 4ltNamegt                     ltTypegtstringltTypegt                 ltFieldgt             ltGroupgt         ltFieldsgt     ltRequestgt codepre  pAnd I want to parse this in C.Net I think I can do this like thisp  precodeXmlReader reader  XmlReader.CreateFilePath whilereader.Read  codepre  pBut how can I access the nodes And also the name of the group codeltGroup nameGroup 2gtcode Can anyone help me Thanksp
Negative 325 pI saw that definition in a protobuf generated java filep  precodejava.util.Listlt extends xxx.yyy.zzz.proto.BasicMessage.DestInfoOrBuildergt foo codepre  pBut what dose codeltcode and codeextendscode mean  I can understand codeListltSomeClassgtcode I cant understand codeListlt extends SomeClassgtcode..p
Negative 325 pIm new on here, but not a total beginner to programming. I got a book on creating a 2D DirectX game engine so I could expand my programming knowledge, however I am new to C and DirectX itself, so Im afraid Im a bit clueless on working with multiple project files and headers. I decided to develop my game engine in a proper development environment, so I got VS2013 Professional though the Dreamspark program.p  pAs I said, I havent worked with something like VS before, so Im hitting issues with getting my game engine running and Im not sure what to do. The book said that if I get all my code down correctly in 3 .cpp source files, 3 headers and 1 main .cpp source file to initialize my engine in a blank game project the program should compile fine, and it does. The issue is that I only get the resultant .obj files and the projects static library file to appear in my project folder. I dont know what I have to do to get the project to compile the executable needed to actually run this blank game with the engine.p  pThe actual project solution was taken from the disk which came with the book, I wrote my code on top of that solution as my own was causing linker errors. The project properties show that the project is defined as a .lib project, so how is this supposed to work p  pI apologize if this is a simple problem, but Im only used to working with 1 file console applications in C, this is a big jump for me but Id like to understand how Im meant to get an .exe created from this project, I would appreciate it if someone could explain to me how this sort of .lib project works. I can post the code if its necessary, but theres 7 files of it so its quite long. Thanksp
Negative 325 pHi im really new to this world and i was just wondering on how i could save the content of my  jTextArea1 that the next time i open my app, the words that i have typed will be in the text area and the text area wont be empty. What i mean is that i want the textarea to remember all content that is typed inside it because the next time i open the app the content will be inside it and the text area wont be empty. Thanks anyway.p  pgbp1998p  pa hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B7Rk2aukOwOeV1VtbWpqd2N4Vjgedituspsharing relnofollow titleAn image to understand betterAn image to understand better.ap
Negative 325 pI have a db table which stores votes made against articles. I would like to query the table to find, within the last 30 days, the articles which on average have received the best overall votes.p  pIm looking for some advice on how I should do this, I am guessing I can either do this with PHP or MYSQL. Although I have a better grasp of PHP I would imagine that using MYSQL to get my result is better practice.p  precodeCREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS ratings    id int11 NOT NULL,   articleid int11 NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,   rating int11 NOT NULL,   ip varchar50 COLLATE utf8unicodeci NOT NULL,   timestamp int11 NOT NULL,   PRIMARY KEY id  ENGINEMyISAM  DEFAULT CHARSETutf8 COLLATEutf8unicodeci AUTOINCREMENT2054  codepre  pIs there a way to sum and find an average given this table structure.p  pThnak you.p  pAlan.p
Negative 325 precodeHttpResponse response request.AllowAutoRedirect  false request.UserAgent  HttpHelper.IEUserAgent response  request.Posthttpswww.site.com, value1 codepre  pBut after request, program trys to open file value1. Whyp
Negative 325 pIm trying to integrate InMobi into my unity game to show ads. I made a jar library and call needed method via JNI in unity but getting the following error p  blockquote   pAndroid Java Exception java.lang.NoClassDefFoundErrorp blockquote  pMy method is static because unity doesnt do codeCallcode for me, so I can do only codeCallStaticcode.p  precodepublic static void ShowInMobifinal Context context      com.google.ads.mediation.inmobi.InMobiAdapter.disableHardwareAcceleration    Activity context.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable              public void run     String CLASSTOLOAD com.inmobi.commons.InMobi      try              Classltgt newClass  Class.forNameCLASSTOLOAD        System.out.printlnClass newClass found successfully         catch ClassNotFoundException ex             ex.printStackTrace        System.out.printlnClass CLASSTOLOAD not found         catch Throwable any                                       System.out.printlnUnexpected error any                ifinterstitialInMobinull                                                       com.inmobi.commons.InMobi.initializeActivity context, myadunitid             interstitialInMobi  new IMInterstitialActivity context, myadunitid            interstitialInMobi.loadInterstitial                       else                           if interstitialInMobi.getState  IMInterstitial.State.READY                interstitialInMobi.show                interstitialInMobi.loadInterstitial                            codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to create a fragment that lays out a series of custom views dynamically. The main content for this layout is a RelativeLayout nested in a LinearLayout to center it horizontally, nested in a ScrollView.p  pThe RelativeLayout has a few TextViews and a 9 patch ImageView that is meant to scale with the dynamically added custom views. However, the image achievementsbgImageView below is ending up as the size of the screen, and is not respecting the size of its parent RelativeLayout even after Ive added the appropriate amount of custom views. The image scales fine when I manually set the size of achievementsmainLayout see the commented out lines below, but does nothing if I try to let that RelativeLayouts wrapcontent handle its own sizing.p  pThe ScrollView IS respecting the size of the RelativeLayout, as all the content is present, its simply the imageView that isnt stretching to match the content at this point.p  pAny help would be appreciated... My manual calculations dont seem to be good enough to account for different devices, despite the fact Im accounting for screen density and Im manually forcing the RelativeLayout to a constant width.p  pIts worth noting that the measured size of the RelativeLayout is always equal to the height of the screen, regardless of whether or not the sum of its content is greater or less than that height. So, essentially, WRAPCONTENT is simply not doing what its supposed to be doing. I have nothing referencing any edge of of the RelativeLayout, so circular dependencies shouldnt be a problem.p  pfragmentachievements.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt  ltScrollView xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid             androidorientationvertical             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheightmatchparent             androidfillViewporttrue gt      ltLinearLayout             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidgravitycenterhorizontalgt          ltRelativeLayout                 androidlayoutwidth320dp                 androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                 androidididachievementsmainLayoutgt              ltImageView                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightfillparent                     androidididachievementsbgImageView                     androidsrcdrawablebkgachievements9                     androidadjustViewBoundstrue                     androidlayoutmarginLeft8dp                     androidlayoutmarginTop8dp                     androidlayoutmarginRight8dp                     androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue                     androidscaleTypefitXYgt              ltTextView                     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidtextName Field                     androidididachievementsnameTextView                     androidlayoutalignParentToptrue                     androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue                     androidlayoutmarginLeft28dp                     androidlayoutmarginTop30dpgt              ltImageView                     androidlayoutwidth52dp                     androidlayoutheight52dp                     androidididachievementsavatarImageView                     androidlayoutbelowidachievementsnameTextView                     androidlayoutalignLeftidachievementsnameTextView                     androidsrcdrawableachieveavatar                     androidlayoutmarginTop5dpgt              ltTextView                     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceSmall                     androidtextTop Moment                     androidididtextView2                     androidlayoutalignBottomidachievementsavatarImageView                     androidlayouttoRightOfidachievementsavatarImageView                     androidlayoutmarginBottom16dp                     androidlayoutmarginLeft4dp                     androidtextSize12dpgt              ltTextView                     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceSmall                     androidtextMe Overall                     androidididtextView3                     androidlayoutalignTopidtextView2                     androidlayoutalignLeftidtextView2                     androidlayoutmarginTop16dp                     androidtextSize12dpgt              ltTextView                     androidlayoutwidth52dp                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceSmall                     androidtext153                     androidididachievementstotalPointsTextView                     androidgravitycenter                     androidlayoutalignTopidachievementsavatarImageView                     androidlayoutalignRightidachievementsbgImageView                     androidlayoutalignEndidachievementsbgImageView                     androidlayoutmarginRight31dp                     androidtextColorf7a033gt              ltTextView                     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidtextMoment                     androidididachievementstopMomentTextView                     androidlayoutalignTopidtextView2                     androidlayouttoRightOfidtextView2                     androidlayoutmarginLeft5dp                     androidtextSize12dpgt              ltTextView                     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidtext153                     androidididachievementsoverallTextView                     androidlayoutalignTopidtextView3                     androidlayouttoRightOfidtextView3                     androidlayoutmarginLeft5dp                     androidtextSize12dpgt          ltRelativeLayoutgt     ltLinearLayoutgt ltScrollViewgt codepre  pAchievementFragment.javap  precodepublic View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container, Bundle savedInstanceState      View fragmentView  null      fragmentView  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentachievements, container, false      ImageView avatarImageView  ImageViewfragmentView.findViewByIdR.id.achievementsavatarImageView      ...       Basic Achievement List Setup     RelativeLayout mainLayout  RelativeLayoutfragmentView.findViewByIdR.id.achievementsmainLayout     AchievementRow currentRow  null      List achievementTypeList  CampaignManager.sharedManager.sortedAchievementTypeList      int achievementCount  achievementTypeList.size      for int i  0 i lt achievementCount i          AchievementType achievementType  AchievementTypeachievementTypeList.geti           Every third achievement creates a new row.         if i  3  0              AchievementRow row  AchievementRowinflater.inflateR.layout.widgetachievementrow, null              RelativeLayout.LayoutParams layoutParams  new RelativeLayout.LayoutParamsRelativeLayout.LayoutParams.WRAPCONTENT, RelativeLayout.LayoutParams.WRAPCONTENT              if currentRow  null                  layoutParams.addRuleRelativeLayout.BELOW, avatarImageView.getId                 layoutParams.setMargins10, 70, 10, 0              else                  layoutParams.addRuleRelativeLayout.BELOW, currentRow.getId                 layoutParams.setMargins10, 10, 10, 0                           layoutParams.addRuleRelativeLayout.ALIGNLEFT, backgroundImageView.getId             layoutParams.addRuleRelativeLayout.ALIGNRIGHT, backgroundImageView.getId              row.setLayoutParamslayoutParams             row.setIdi1             mainLayout.addViewrow              currentRow  row                    Now setup the Button         AchievementButton achievementButton  currentRow.buttonForIndexi  3         achievementButton.achievementType  achievementType         achievementButton.setOnClickListenerachievementButtonListener         achievementButton.setVisibilityView.VISIBLE          CacheManager.sharedManager.fetchAchievementThumbnailgetActivity, achievementButton, achievementType            This is the manual scaling of mainLayout      float scale  getResources.getDisplayMetrics.density      float headerHeight  scale  150.0f      float rowHeight  scale  78.0f      ViewGroup.LayoutParams mainLayoutParams  mainLayout.getLayoutParams      mainLayoutParams.height  intheaderHeight  Math.ceilachievementCount  3.0  rowHeight      return fragmentView  codepre
Negative 325 pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions13002449recordingwithaudioqueueandmonotouchstaticsoundRecording with AudioQueue and Monotouch static sounda demonstrates how to get audio via an iPhones microphone into an AudioQueue using Xamarin.iOS. My question is how do I keep the microphone continuously recording I basically want to keep the microphone on for as long as the app is open, and continuously capture the audio stream note that I do not want to save the stream to file. Inside a longrunning whileloopp
Negative 325 pI am using Golang to implement naive bayesian classification for a dataset with over 30000 possible tags. I have built the model and I am in the classification phase. I am working on classifying 1000 records and this is taking up to 5 minutes. I have profiled the code with pprof functionality the top10 are shown belowp  precodeTotal 28896 samples    16408  56.8  56.8    24129  83.5 runtime.mapaccess1faststr     4977  17.2  74.0     4977  17.2 runtime.aeshashbody     2552   8.8  82.8     2552   8.8 runtime.memeqbody     1468   5.1  87.9    28112  97.3 main.Classifier.calcProbs      861   3.0  90.9      861   3.0 math.Log      435   1.5  92.4      435   1.5 runtime.markspan      267   0.9  93.3      302   1.0 MHeapAllocLocked      187   0.6  94.0      187   0.6 runtime.aeshashstr      183   0.6  94.6     1137   3.9 runtime.mallocgc      127   0.4  95.0      988   3.4 math.log10 codepre  pSurprisingly the map access seems to be the bottleneck. Has anyone experienced this. What other key, value datastructure can be used to avoid this bottleneck All the map access is done in the following piece of code given belowp  precodefunc nb Classifier calcProbsdata string BoundedPriorityQueue     probs  ampBoundedPriorityQueue      heap.Initprobs      terms  strings.Splitdata,       for class, prob  range nb.classProb         condProb  prob         clsProbs  nb.model[class]         for , term  range terms             termProb  clsProbs[term]             if termProb  0                 condProb  math.Log10termProb             else                 condProb  6 math.Log100.000001                              entry  ampItem             value class,             priority condProb,                  heap.Pushprobs,entry          return probs  codepre  pThe maps are nb.classProb which is codemap[string]float64code while the nb.model is a nested map of type p  precodemap[string]map[string]float64 codepre
Negative 325 pIm not quite sure how to debug the phenomenon Im currently seeing in my Android application. I have an Activity which is just doing some networking stuff which needs to be done in background. This activity is launched from a PreferencesFragment using an Intent. When the user selects the preference item, the Intent is fired and the Activity is started then it does the networking stuff and quits using finish.p  pI created an AsyncTask to perform the networking actions in the background. I thought that onCreate will most probably run in the UI thread... But then, an exception occurred java.lang.RuntimeException  Cant create handler inside thread that has not called Looper.preparep  pDid onCreate already run in the backgroundp  pTo test that, I moved the networking functions directly into onCreate. This was working well... ... at least several times.p  pSuddenly, an exception was thrown java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start activity ComponentInfo... android.os.NetworkOnMainThreadExceptionp  pMoving the code back to the AsyncTask helped... for some time.p  pDoes anyone know why this phenomenon might occur Are there scenarios when onCreate runs in the UI thread and others when onCreate runs in backgroundp  pMy class is as simple as thisp  precodepublic class ReregisterInDb extends Activity       Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          new ReregisterAsyncTask.execute  solution 1               solution 2         GCMFunctions gcmFunctions  new GCMFunctionsgetApplicationContext         gcmFunctions.registerInDb          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         finish           class ReregisterAsyncTask extends AsyncTaskltString, Void, Voidgt           Override         protected Void doInBackgroundString... params              GCMFunctions gcmFunctions  new GCMFunctionsgetApplicationContext             gcmFunctions.registerInDb             return null                  codepre
Negative 325 pIm using ungit for visualize branches and merges in my project. I dont use git just for the programming purposes and there are a lot of branching and merging. Currently Ive tested some apps from stronggit logstrong and stronggitkstrong to strongSource Treestrong. please check a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21116069decentgitbranchvisualizationtoolthis questiona. p  pHowever I like to know if it would be possible to easily adjust and customize nodes and branches in the graph below. I know it is technically possible but Im not familiar with CSS or js and etc. However I like to learn new tools as far as they provide straight solution for this problem. Ive the option to submit a request to ungit developer but I want to know possible home remedies before hand.p  phere is an example of git treep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.compZPuA.png alta simple test example for ungit graphp
Negative 325 pHeres my scenariop  pI need to host a WCF web service app that will be consumed by multiple customers. Each customer is responsible for their own client app, and they will be building their client apps with different technologies. Its likely that none of their clients will be .Net probably will be Java or something else.p  pI need to implement Message Level Security to abide by their policies Transport security is not sufficient.p  pGiven the above requirements, I am having a hard time understanding how to implement Message Security in WCF that can be used by clients that I do not control. Everything Ive read discusses the scenario where I would be building my own client, and that the client would even be in my networks domain.p  pIf I implement Message Security with Certificate, can I install one certificate on my server and have each client be responsible for installing their own certificates on their servers Would we then be able to use Message Security by simply sharing the Public Keysp
Negative 325 pLets just go ahead and say I have the following functionp  precodepublic class Test      public async Task Finalize               We dont need this in this class, so empty body                  Additional methods snipped        codepre  pWhile this works just fine, I will get a compiler warning sayingp  blockquote   pThis async method lacks await operators and will run synchronously. Consider using the await operator to await nonblocking API calls, or await Task.Run... to do CPUbound work on a background thread.p blockquote  pWhat would be the best way to circumvent this warning without modifying the method too much In this case, Im not able to throw an exception, since the method will get called, but absolutely nothing is bound to happen at this point, since the class Im talking about has nothing to finalize.p
Negative 325 pi have spend great time in searching this type of problem but found no suitable answer. what i am trying is to get text name codeltinput typetext nameqnamegtcode from java script and send in html form. is there is a possibilty my stress is on this part. codep  precodelthtmlgt lt skipped partgt  ltscript typetextjavascript deferdefergt     function create              var newDiv  document.createElementdiv         var divId  someId         newDiv.id  divId         var output  lttable ide bordergtlttrgtlttdgtltinput typetext nameqnamegtlttdgtlttdgtltinput typetext1 nameqtygtlttdgtlttdgtltinput typetext namepricegtlttdgtltbutton onclickdel divId gtdeleteltbuttongtlttdgtlttrgtlttablegt         newDiv.innerHTML  output         newDiv.className  newClass         document.body.appendChildnewDiv                                      function del id          var div  document.getElementByIdid         div.parentNode.removeChilddiv            ltscriptgt   ltbodygt     ltform methodpost actiontransaction.php onclickcreategt         ltbutton onclickcreategtcreateltbuttongt     ltinput typesubmit valuesubmit gt     ltformgt ltbodygt codepre
Negative 325 pI am trying to send an email with attachment of sound file and image file. I am able to attach both of files, but when I am trying to send it that time I am getting pop up message Unfortunately Gmail has stopped. p  pThe code is here p  precode    Intent intent  new IntentIntent.ACTIONSENDMULTIPLE intent.setTypeAudiomp3 intent.setTypeimagepng  intent.putExtraIntent.EXTRASUBJECT, Attachment from app intent.putExtraIntent.EXTRATEXT, Sending mp3 file   intent.putExtraIntent.EXTRAEMAIL,         new String[]  xxxgmail.com  ArrayListltUrigt uris  new ArrayListltUrigt  uris.addUri.fromFilenew FilemFileName.getAbsolutePath uris.addUri.parsepicturePath.toString intent .putExtraIntent.EXTRASTREAM, Uri.parsepicturePath.toString   intent.putParcelableArrayListExtraIntent.EXTRASTREAM, uris   startActivityIntent.createChooserintent, Send mail startActivityForResultIntent.createChooserintent, Send mail,         EMAILREQUEST codepre
Negative 325 pI need to send a pic to a server via HTTP post, but I am getting a response from server saying that I used POSTGET. Any ideas what I did wrong Here is my code.p  precode voidsendMessagesWithImg      NSMutableData body  [NSMutableData data]      UIImage imgColor  [UIImage imageNamedimgbar.png]            UIImage  imageToPost  [[UIImage alloc] init]         imageToPost  [self convertImageToGrayScaleimgColor]           add image data         NSData imageData  UIImageJPEGRepresentationimageToPost, 1.0        if imageData               [body appendDataimageData]               [imgView setImageimageToPost]      [body appendDataimageData]         NSMutableURLRequest request  [NSMutableURLRequest requestWithURL[NSURL URLWithStringURL]]     [request setHTTPBodybody]     [request setHTTPMethodPOST]      NSURLConnection conn  [[NSURLConnection alloc] initWithRequestrequest delegateself]     [conn start]     codepre  pServer response p  blockquote   pMore than the maximum number of request parameters GET plus POST for   a single request [512] were detected.p blockquote
Negative 325 pI try to change the default color of the nimbus JProgressBar. I can change the color global by change the nimbusOrange. I like that result. But I need one ProgressBar in original nimbusOrange by nimbus and another ProgressBar included in the same program with bluecolor. I try thisp  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecodeJProgressBar progressBar  new JProgressBar  UIDefaults overrides  new UIDefaults overrides.putnimbusOrange, Color.BLUE overrides.putProgressBar[Enabled].backgroundPainter, UIManager.getProgressBar[Enabled].backgroundPainter overrides.putProgressBar[Enabled].foregroundPainter, UIManager.getProgressBar[Enabled].foregroundPainter progressBar.putClientPropertyNimbus.Overrides, overrides progressBar.putClientPropertyNimbus.Overrides.InheritDefaults, false codepre  pBut if I put the foregroundPainter back to the code it shows just the normal orange style of the ProgressBar...p  pAny Helpp  pKind Regards Highchillerp
Negative 325 pIm still mastering my zend skills and not that really good in it, but I have been working on some ideas on how can I write a code where by it adds and removes rows dynamically using zend framework something close to this....a hrefhttpwww.amitpatil.meajaxtableaddingremovingrowsdynamicallyusingjavascriptanimation relnofollowhttpwww.amitpatil.meajaxtableaddingremovingrowsdynamicallyusingjavascriptanimationap  pAny advice on how I could go about this would be really appreciated. A picture found on the net to get an ideap  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com5hHTd.png altenter image description herep  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pWe are trying to covert position based FLAT file a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comEryDU.jpg relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comEryDU.jpga to valid XML. The file contain Header, Detail Line, Trailer. p  pDetail Line has  data character, whilespace Character and ALSO some other special character like NULL. p  pNULL character filling one position length. Space also filling one position length.p  pwe have used following XSD to parse this FLAT FILEp  precode                ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 gt              ltxsdschema xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema                         xmlnsnxsdhttpxmlns.oracle.compcbpelnxsd                         xmlnstnshttpxmlns.oracle.compcbpelnxsdABO                         targetNamespacehttpxmlns.oracle.compcbpelnxsdABO                         elementFormDefaultqualified                         attributeFormDefaultunqualified                          nxsdversionNXSD                         nxsdstreamchars                         nxsdencodingISO88591             gt                 ltxsdelement nameROOTgt                 ltxsdcomplexTypegt                 ltxsdsequence minOccurs1gt                     ltxsdelement nameHeader nxsdstartsWithH minOccurs1 maxOccurs1gt                       ltxsdcomplexTypegt                         ltxsdsequencegt                           ltxsdelement nameInterfaceID typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength3 gt                           ltxsdelement nameFileSeqNo typexsdint nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength5 gt                           ltxsdelement nameTimeStamp typexsdint nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength14 gt                           ltxsdelement nameFromSystem typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength10 gt                           ltxsdelement nameToSystem typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength10 minOccurs0gt                           ltxsdelement nameFromSAPSys typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength8 minOccurs0gt                           ltxsdelement nameFromSAPclt typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength3 minOccurs0gt                           ltxsdelement nameToSAPSys typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength8 minOccurs0gt                           ltxsdelement nameToSAPclt typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength4 minOccurs0gt                           ltxsdelement nameUserID typexsdstring nxsdstyleterminated nxsdterminatedByeol minOccurs0gt                         ltxsdsequencegt                       ltxsdcomplexTypegt                     ltxsdelementgt                            ltxsdelement nameDataLine2 nxsdstartsWithD012 maxOccursunbounded minOccurs1gt                       ltxsdcomplexTypegt                         ltxsdsequencegt                           ltxsdelement nameTransactionType typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength2 minOccurs0gt                           ltxsdelement nameName typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength30 gt                           ltxsdelement namePostingKey typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength11 gt                           ltxsdelement nameAdderssKey typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength26 gt                           ltxsdelement nameTransactionKey typexsdbyte nxsdstyleterminated nxsdterminatedByeol minOccurs0gt                         ltxsdsequencegt                       ltxsdcomplexTypegt                     ltxsdelementgt                       ltxsdelement nameTrailer nxsdstartsWithT minOccurs1 maxOccurs1gt                       ltxsdcomplexTypegt                         ltxsdsequencegt                           ltxsdelement nameFRecords typexsdstring nxsdstylefixedLength nxsdlength9 minOccurs0gt                           ltxsdelement nameDRecords typexsdstring nxsdstyleterminated  nxsdterminatedByeol minOccurs0gt                         ltxsdsequencegt                       ltxsdcomplexTypegt                     ltxsdelementgt                 ltxsdsequencegt                 ltxsdcomplexTypegt               ltxsdelementgt              ltxsdschemagt codepre  pSOA Suite 11g File adapter is unable to parse the FLAT file, it is returning empty XML document when file has NULL character p  pBut things are working fine when we replace those NULL with whi.p  pAre we missing anything in the XSD for parsing the NULL  p  pIs there any other approach to deal with NULLp  pNeed guidance from someone out therep
Negative 325 pI am in the process of implementing an offline option of a web application and am uncertain wether to proceed with the HTML Application Cache or the browser cache.p  pThere are several aspects of the Appcache that make it attractive, name the ability to leverage the FALLBACK section to support the loading of a minimal version of the app if the client is disconnected.p  pMy primary concern with the Application Cache is its longevity and browser support. While I am willing to only support modern browsers, I fear the Application Cache may become phased out in future HTML specs. This fear is founded in this line of the current spec p  precodeThe following features are at risk and may be removed due to lack of implementation.        Application Cache codepre  pa hrefhttpwww.w3.orgTRhtml5 relnofollowhttpwww.w3.orgTRhtml5ap  pAny insight into this would be greatly appericiated.p
Negative 325 pIm using two separate scripts that each feature scrolling.  For some reason, they are messing with each other and making the scroll all jerky and messed up.  Im not sure why or how to fix.  Please help me to resolve this conflict.p  pHere are the two scriptsp  pScroll 1  click to scroll to .anchorp  precodedocument.readyfunction    scroll.clickfunction     body.animatescrollTop.anchor.offset.top , slow     codepre  pScroll 2  using for a footer to slide up and reveal content.  Scroll keeps page at bottom rather than revealing content below the screen cut off.p  precodedocument.readyfunction slideup1.mouseoverfunctione      e.preventDefault     .ftc1.delay100.fadeIn200     .ftc2.fadeOut100     var more  .footcontent.slideDown260     body.animate         scrollTop more.offset.top     ,          duration 260,         queue false       slideup2.mouseoverfunctione      e.preventDefault     .ftc2.delay100.fadeIn200     .ftc1.fadeOut100     var more  .footcontent.slideDown260     body.animate         scrollTop more.offset.top     ,          duration 260,         queue false       frame.mouseoverfunctione      e.preventDefault     var more  .footcontent.slideUp260     body.animate         scrollTop more.offset.top     ,          duration 260,         queue false        codepre  pProbably not the most elegant script, but it works... except that it messes up the smooth scrolling and doesnt even scroll the full distance.p  pHeres the fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netmLFZV1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netmLFZV1ap  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI am interested to know how would views behave in cases when the main data model with incremental data fetching is behind a proxy or chain of proxies. p  pHow proxy which does item rearrangements like ungrouping proxy example a hrefhttplynxline.comjonglingqtmodels relnofollowhttplynxline.comjonglingqtmodelsa should implement support of fetchMorecanFetchMorep
Negative 325 pI have written this query to Show overtime if person has worked above than 1800 pm clock time regardless whatever time heshe came or duration of work heshe has worked, that is out of topic. It only shows OVERTIME if person has worked above 1800 pm thats it, e.g InTime  1516 pm and TimeOut 1831 then Overtime  0031. So i wrote this query given below BUT NOW PROBLEM IS THAT FEW EMPLOYEES LEAVE AT 1700 pm and their OVERTIME should be calculated after 1700 pm how many minuteshours he has worked above 1700 pm only, SO FOR THOSE SPECIFIC EMPLOYEES OVERTIME SHOULD BE CALCULATED AFTER 1700 Pmp  pThose employees arep  precodeEmplID 5, 43, 11 codepre  pso only for these overtime should be calculated after 1700.p  pqueryp  precodewith times as  SELECT    t1.EmplID         , t3.EmplName         , mint1.RecTime AS InTime         , maxt2.RecTime AS [TimeOut]         , castmint1.RecTime as datetime AS InTimeSub         , castmaxt2.RecTime as datetime AS TimeOutSub         , t1.RecDate AS [DateVisited] FROM  AtdRecord t1  INNER JOIN        AtdRecord t2  ON    t1.EmplID  t2.EmplID  AND   t1.RecDate  t2.RecDate AND   t1.RecTime lt t2.RecTime inner join        HrEmployee t3  ON    t3.EmplID  t1.EmplID  group by            t1.EmplID         , t3.EmplName         , t1.RecDate  SELECT EmplID ,EmplName ,InTime ,[TimeOut] ,[DateVisited] ,convertchar5,cast[TimeOutSub]  InTimeSub as time, 108 totaltime ,CONVERTchar5,CASE WHEN  CAST[TimeOutSub] AS DATETIME gt 1800 Then       LEFTCONVERTvarchar12, DATEADDms, DATEDIFFms, CAST1800 AS DATETIME,     CAST[TimeOutSub] AS DATETIME,0, 108,5 ELSE 0000 END, 108 AS OVERTIME FROM times codepre  pOUTPUTp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDIQd5.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pIm new in TPL world, and I did that codep  precode    var myItems  myWpfDataGrid.SelectedItems      this.Dispatcher.BeginInvokenew Action gt              var scheduler  new LimitedConcurrencyLevelTaskScheduler5         TaskFactory factory  new TaskFactoryscheduler          foreach MyItem item in myItems                      Task myTask  factory.StartNew gt              DoLoooongWorkitem                                     .ContinueWitht gt                                      Debug.WriteLinet.Exception.Message                     if t.Exception.InnerException  null                                              Debug.WriteLinet.Exception.InnerException.Message                                      ,                 TaskContinuationOptions.OnlyOnFaulted              , null             codepre  pThe only one access to gui is strongvar myItems  myWpfDataGrid.SelectedItemsstrong  and it is read only The function DoLoooongWork does access to serial ports, etc. Its a separated SDK function that doesnt access the GUI. I know that Dispatcher.BeginInvoke is a bit redundant, but I dont know what I can do, or what Im doing wrong. The only reason to this code is to free the GUI while DoLoooongWork executes, but the GUI is frozenp  pWhats wrong with that codep  peditp  pThanks to Euphoric help, I discovered the problem that is similar to that post a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10321504cominterophangfreezesentirecomsystemhowtocancelcomcallCOM Interop hang freezes entire COM system. How to cancel COM calla p
Negative 325 pI am new to Qt programming, I have made a simple gui with a single push button. Basically I have written a program in C now I want to make Gui for my project. I want to display output of all printf statement in my gui. printf statements showing their output in console but I want to add something similar to console in my gui so that whenever I call printf statement it shows its result in the gui. Could you please guide me how can I do this p
Negative 325 pI have a standard, straightforward code for authenticating an userp  precode controller   val addForm  Form     tupleemail gt nonEmptyText, password gt nonEmptyText       .verifyingInvalid email or password, result gt User.authenticateresult.1, result.2.isRight       def add  Action  Okviews.html.session.addaddForm      def create  Action      addForm.bindFromRequest.fold       failure gt BadRequestviews.html.session.addfailure,       success gt Redirectroutes.Home.index         .flashingkey1 gt You have logged in.         codepre  pI expected it to show me an error if NOT codeUser.authenticateresult.1, result.2.isRightcode but there is no error showing up. Yes, authentication works well but there are no errors when it fails.p  precodehelper.formaction  routes.Session.create       helper.inputTextformemail     helper.inputTextformpassword      lt ........... gt    codepre  pWhyp
Negative 325 pIm currently investigating performance issues with an Umbraco 6.1.6 website. The website is running a lot of custom code and I am certain this is the cause, however to better aid my understanding of the application, can someone provide a graphical diagram that explains the life cycle of a page requestp  pSpecifically I would like to understand the process flow through each major part of the Umbraco application to returning the content includingp  ul liRoutingli liWhere any database requests take placeli liWhen caching is used and where it livesli liHow traversing nodes in razorc works e.g. CurrentPage.Descendants  Ancestorsli ul  pIm hoping this already exists, but I cant find it on the Umbraco forum.p
Negative 325 pI have read several postings about the fact that the Instagram API returns only 20 results at a time.  In many cases, people have suggested that all you need to do is to use the next URL which is returned in the pagination information.  I would be fine with that, but the JSON returned by p  pa hrefhttpsapi.instagram.comv1locationssearch relnofollowhttpsapi.instagram.comv1locationssearchap  pdoes not appear to have any pagination information.  I have seen a posting that says that mediasearch does not support pagination.  I just wanted to confirm that the same is true for locationssearch.  Can anyone confirmp  pAnd if this is correct, does anyone have any thoughts about how you can get a list of all Instagram events in a specific area, rather than just the first 20 or sop
Negative 325 pCentOS 2.6.32358.23.2.el6.x8664 p  pI have 2 website in the same server now i have SSL certificate for site1.com and site2.com. site1.com is only working but site2.com is not working cause its showing site1.com p  pExample when i visitp  pa hrefhttpswww.site1.com relnofollowhttpswww.site1.coma works perfectly but when i visit a hrefhttpswww.site2.com relnofollowhttpswww.site2.coma , then it does not show site2.com but showing site1.com like the Virtualhost is failingp  pAny advise what am i doing wrong herep  precode cat ssl.conf LoadModule sslmodule modulesmodssl.so Listen 443 SSLPassPhraseDialog  builtin SSLSessionCache         shmcbvarcachemodsslscache512000 SSLSessionCacheTimeout  300 SSLMutex default SSLRandomSeed startup filedevurandom  256 SSLRandomSeed connect builtin SSLCryptoDevice builtin   Site One ltVirtualHost 443gt   DocumentRoot varwwwhtmlsite1public   ServerName www.site1.com443    ltDirectory varwwwhtmlsite1publicgt       DirectoryIndex index.php       AllowOverride All       Order allow,deny       Allow from all    ltDirectorygt   ErrorLog logssslerrorlog   TransferLog logssslaccesslog   LogLevel warn   SSLEngine on   SSLProtocol all SSLv2   SSLCipherSuite ALLADHEXPORTSSLv2RC4RSAHIGHMEDIUMLOW    SSLCertificateFile etchttpdconfssl.crtcrt1.crt   SSLCertificateKeyFile etchttpdconfssl.keykey1.key   SSLCertificateChainFile etchttpdconfcabundleroot1.crt   ltFiles  .cgishtmlphtmlphp3gt       SSLOptions StdEnvVars   ltFilesgt   ltDirectory varwwwcgibingt       SSLOptions StdEnvVars   ltDirectorygt    SetEnvIf UserAgent .MSIE.             nokeepalive ssluncleanshutdown             downgrade1.0 forceresponse1.0   CustomLog logssslrequestlog              t h SSLPROTOCOLx SSLCIPHERx r b  ltVirtualHostgt     Site Two ltVirtualHost 443gt   DocumentRoot varwwwhtmlsite2public   ServerName www.site2.com443    ltDirectory varwwwhtmlsite2publicgt       DirectoryIndex index.php       AllowOverride All       Order allow,deny       Allow from all    ltDirectorygt   ErrorLog logssslerrorlog   TransferLog logssslaccesslog   LogLevel warn   SSLEngine on   SSLProtocol all SSLv2   SSLCipherSuite ALLADHEXPORTSSLv2RC4RSAHIGHMEDIUMLOW    SSLCertificateFile etchttpdconfssl.crtcrt2.crt   SSLCertificateKeyFile etchttpdconfssl.keykey2.key   SSLCertificateChainFile etchttpdconfcabundleroot2.crt   ltFiles  .cgishtmlphtmlphp3gt       SSLOptions StdEnvVars   ltFilesgt   ltDirectory varwwwcgibingt       SSLOptions StdEnvVars   ltDirectorygt    SetEnvIf UserAgent .MSIE.             nokeepalive ssluncleanshutdown             downgrade1.0 forceresponse1.0   CustomLog logssslrequestlog              t h SSLPROTOCOLx SSLCIPHERx r b  ltVirtualHostgt  codepre
Negative 325 pI have try to use codesedcode command for delete particular line from file but it seems not working properly in my system CentOS release 6.3 Final.p  pmy file1.txt contain following datap  precodeline1 line2 line3 line4 line5 codepre  pNow i try below command to delete 3rd line from the file.p  precode sed 3d file1.txt  codepre  pAnd output of above command isp  precodeline1 line2 line4 line5 codepre  pBut when i check original file then it seems nothing deleted. 3rd line is there.p  pSo any one have idea why codesedcode not workingp
Negative 325 pI am designing as part of my python program a scraper that needs to be able to obtain the result of an Ajax call. For example, when I go on Google chrome, after inspecting an element I can see the html for the website, but when viewing the source in general there are only scripts to create that code. To do this I would much prefer to use urllib2 as this is the library I have used throughout the program. I use python 2.7 and intend to distribute it using py2exe if that makes a difference.p
Negative 325 pIm trying to access a monetdb from a .net application  to see if its feasible for me to use.  I have the ODBC Driver downloaded and installed on my machine from monetDB.org.  I cant add a reference to it.  My assumption is that the correct file to reference is libMonetODBC.dll and that doesnt work  none of the others work either.  If I try to add a reference to it I get a message  A reference to CProgram FilesMonetDBMonetDB ODBC DriverliblibMonetODBC.dll could not be added.  Please make sure that the file is accessible, and that it is a valid assembly or COM component.p  pHas anyone tried this and how did you go about it  Again, my assumption is that I should be able to reference the dll, like all others, and then add a usingimports statement to use it in the app.  I havent seen a lot of documentation or other people using it from .net.  MonetDB.org doesnt seem to have steps for it either other than to use it from excel or something.  What am I missingp
Negative 325 pIve tried to use a connection pool with Jetty on Heroku.  I am coming up with some problems.  Mainly here is the errorp  precodeHTTP ERROR 500 Problem accessing displayUsers. Reason     Server Error Caused by java.lang.NullPointerException     at com.data.ConnectionPool.getConnectionConnectionPool.java48     at com.data.UserPassDB.getUsersUserPassDB.java15     at com.example.DisplayUsersServlet.doGetDisplayUsersServlet.java21     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java707     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java820 codepre  hr  pHere is my code for the webappMETAINFcontext.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltContext pathmyAppName docBasemyAppName    crossContexttrue reloadabletrue debug1gt       ltResource nameRESOURCENAME authContainer         maxActive100 maxIdle30 maxWait10000         usernameusername passwordpassword         driverClassNamecom.postgresql.jdbc.Driver         urljdbcpostgresqlhostportdatabaseNameautoReconnecttrueampuseSSLtrue         logAbandonedtrue removeAbandonedtrue         removeAbandonedTimeout60 typejavax.sql.DataSourcegt ltContextgt codepre  pThis is the code for my servlet that will access the database amp attempt to show the users in the databasep  precodepackage com.data  PURPOSE  This starts the db ConnectionPool.    You can connect to this ConnectionPool object to obtain one Connection out of the pool at any time.    Once done, you can release the Connection object back to the ConnectionPool.       import java.sql.  import javax.sql.DataSource import javax.naming.Context import javax.naming.InitialContext  public class ConnectionPool      private static ConnectionPool pool  null     private static DataSource dataSource  null      private ConnectionPool              try                      InitialContext ic  new InitialContext              Context envContext   Contextic.lookupjavacompenv              dataSource  DataSourceenvContext.lookupRESOURCENAME                  catchException e                      e.printStackTrace                    public static ConnectionPool getInstance              if pool  null                      pool  new ConnectionPool                  return pool           public Connection getConnection              try                      return dataSource.getConnection                  catch SQLException sqle                      sqle.printStackTrace             return null                    public void freeConnectionConnection c              try                      c.close                  catch SQLException sqle                      sqle.printStackTrace                codepre  pThis is my code that is using that ConnectionPool class above to connect..p  precodepackage com.data  import java.sql.Connection import java.sql.ResultSet import java.sql.SQLException import java.sql.Statement import java.util.ArrayList  import com.model.UserPass  public class UserPassDB      public static ArrayListltUserPassgt getUsers              ConnectionPool pool  ConnectionPool.getInstance         Connection connection  pool.getConnection         String query  select  from user         ArrayListltUserPassgt userAry  new ArrayListltUserPassgt         try             Statement stmnt  connection.createStatement             ResultSet rs  stmnt.executeQueryquery              whilers.next                              UserPass user  new UserPass                 user.setUsernamers.getStringusername                 user.setPasswordrs.getStringpassword                 userAry.adduser                       catchSQLException e                      e.printStackTrace                  return userAry       codepre  pMy ConnectionPool w Jetty in my JSP application is failing on Heroku and Im not sure why.. I do have that useSSL paramenter on the end of the URL for the ConnectionPool in the context.xml file.  I dont know whats wrong.. Any help would be very much appreciated. p
Negative 325 pI am trying to use a property tester on a menu contribution that I have done for my eclipse plugin. p  pBasically I added a new menu in the main menu bar by extending menuorg.eclipse.ui.main.menu and adding a menu. I then added my commands in there with the correct handlers.  Everything works as expected. p  pMy only problem is that I am not able to decide when to have them active.  I am trying to use the activeWhen for my handlers. i want them to be active when there is certain data on a server. p  pI tried using a property tester but it does not get called everytime. It only gets called when you select a different view. p  pWhat is the correct way of doing thisp  pEDIT here is the code I am using  a hrefhttppastebin.comTGtZaBtM relnofollowhttppastebin.comTGtZaBtMap  pMy property tester runs because I print out stuff when it does.  The only problem is that it does not run every time the menu is opened. I would like it to run every time so that I can check if a user is logged in or not.p
Negative 325 pSorry if a similar question has been asked before I searched but couldnt find anything useful.p  pI have a table which has details of data transfers. One of the fields is an IP associated with the transfer. I need to develop a query which will get me a subset of the records in the table which match one of 79 IPs there are 608 distinct IPs in the table. I have a file which has the required IPs separated by newlines. Is there a way to develop a query which reads this file of IPs to get the required records instead of me manually entering each of the IPs separated by an orp
Negative 325 pI am creating a small project on visual studio. I set up a local sql database that i can successfully initialize, open and access from one of my forms.p  pIn my main form i usep  precodepublic static SqlCeConnection cn  new ... cn.open for opening the connection  SqlCeCommand cm  new SqlCeCommandINSERT INTO ... etc codepre  pThis works just fine. My question is how can i access the database from the next form as well Should i declare and initialize againp  pSorry but i am very new to SQL and cp
Negative 325 pUsing the latest Spring data with MongoDB, I would like to retrieve all records in a collection whose fields in my case, two match the values in a given array of String pairs.p  pGiven the following document structurep  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecodeDocumentcollectionpersons CompoundIndexes     CompoundIndexnamefieldjobidx, def field1, job1 , uniquetrue  class Person      String field     String job  codepre  pGiven the following repository interfacep  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecodeinterface PersonRepository implements RepositoryltPerson,Longgt      Query field   in  0       ListltPersongt findAnyOfTheseFieldsString[] fields    this is easy for searching in singlevalued array of fields     Query job   in  0       ListltPersongt findAnyOfTheseJobsString[] jobs        this is easy for searching in singlevalued array of jobs      Query WHAT GOES HERE      ListltPersongt findAnyOfTheseUniqueFieldAndJobPairs ARRAY OF PAIRS OF STRINGS   codepre  pHow can I construct the codefindAnyOfTheseUniqueFieldAndJobPairscode repository method and its annotation so that I can search the codepersonscode collection for codePersoncode records whose codefieldcode and codejobcode values both exist in a pair in the given array of pairstuplesp  pCan I evade the option to wrap the codefieldcode and codejobcode in a wrapper class and query over a given array of instances of those wrapper classesp  pI would like to do excuse the horrible syntax, but this is how I thinkp  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecoderepository.findAnyOfTheseUniqueFieldAndJobPairs[ [culinary,chef], [law,judge], [athletics,goalie]] codepre  pand in the repositoryp  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecodeQuery field,job   in  0   ListltPersongt findAnyOfTheseUniqueFieldAndJobPairsTupleltString,Stringgt[] fieldJobPairs codepre
Negative 325 pI have created a web admin tool with the Zend framework that updates text on a website. The problem is that when  is entered in the admin tool, the database stores . When I go to reedit the text in the admin tool only  is displayed as normal, but when I read the text in other situations  is read from the database. For example PhpMyAdmin shows , as do Flash textFields displaying the content.p  pI use the Zend FrameworkPHPMySQL. Collation is set to codeutf8bincode in MySQL and content type on the admin tool pages is set as follows codeltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gtcodep  pWith in the bootstrap.php file     viewdoctypeHTML5     viewsetEncodingUTF8p  pIf it shows test in the database test is displayed in the admin tool. If I paste text directly into the database, the data is displayed as blank in the admin tool. p  pI need the data in the database to match what I see inside the admin tool. If I submit test I dont want it to be stored as testp
Negative 325 pI have an exceptions file which breaks the functionality of the ignorechars directive.p  pThe example keyword I am working with is codetshirtcode. p  pcodetshirtcode appears in the database. I need the ignorechars directive to ignore the codecode so users can search like codetshirtcode or codetshirtcode and get the same results.p  pThe result of codeCALL KEYWORDStshirt tshirt, catalogcode here is p  precode  tokenized  normalized    tshirt     TXRT         tshirt     TXRT         codepre  pTo get codet shirtcode to map to the above results, I have created an exceptions file which looks like thisp  precodet shirt gt tshirt codepre  pWhen I do the query codeCALL KEYWORDSt shirt tshirt tshirt, catalogcode this is what I getp  precode  tokenized  normalized    tshirt     TXRT         tshirt     TXRT         shirt      XRT          codepre  pWhat I expected to happen was the exceptions file would rewrite the words codet shirtcode to the individual keyword codetshirtcode and all 3 tokens would have the same normalized value.p  pExcept now the codecode in the codetshirtcode keyword isnt ignored and it just maps to codeshirtcode, which results in a completely different normalized version than codetshirtcode. On top of this, searching with any of the related keywords above returns 0 results.p  pWhen I take out the exceptions file, the ignorechars work fine and search works again for the keywords.p
Negative 325 pI am writing an app for Mac OS X with ARC activated.br I cant seem to use strongInstrumentsstrong Xcode 5 I am trying to run strongGC Monitorstrong and I keep on hitting the wall with this error message  p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhzyFl.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pI am writing an android app and would like to build in peer to peer communication without having to reinvent the formidable functionality in existing IM clients AIM etc. How to piggyback data over from one IM client to another identical IM clientp
Negative 325 pIm uploading an xml file using multipartformdata and need to read the xml file content  and print the xml file content in the response.writep  precodeMAINPAGEHTML   lthtmlgt   ltbodygt     ltform actionf1 methodpost enctypemultipartformdatagt       ltdivgtltinput typefile namefilecollgtltdivgt       ltdivgtltinput typesubmit valueSubmit gtltdivgt     ltformgt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt   class MainPagewebapp2.RequestHandler      def getself          self.response.writeMAINPAGEHTML class formfilesswebapp2.RequestHandler      def postself          self.response.writelthtmlgtltbodygtYou wroteltpregt         self.response.writecgi.escapeself.request.getfilecoll          fself.request.getfilecoll         dataf.read           self.response.writeltpregtltbodygtlthtmlgt    application  webapp2.WSGIApplication[     ,MainPage,     f1,formfiless, ], debugTrue codepre  pwhen I tried to read the form file the following error occured.p  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File CProgram Files x86Googlegoogleappenginelibwebapp22.5.2webapp2.py, line 1535, in call     rv  self.handleexceptionrequest, response, e   File CProgram Files x86Googlegoogleappenginelibwebapp22.5.2webapp2.py, line 1529, in call     rv  self.router.dispatchrequest, response   File CProgram Files x86Googlegoogleappenginelibwebapp22.5.2webapp2.py, line 1278, in defaultdispatcher     return route.handleradapterrequest, response   File CProgram Files x86Googlegoogleappenginelibwebapp22.5.2webapp2.py, line 1102, in call     return handler.dispatch   File CProgram Files x86Googlegoogleappenginelibwebapp22.5.2webapp2.py, line 572, in dispatch     return self.handleexceptione, self.app.debug   File CProgram Files x86Googlegoogleappenginelibwebapp22.5.2webapp2.py, line 570, in dispatch     return methodargs, kwargs   File CUsersuniphoreC08Desktopuploadgrammarhelloworld.py, line 35, in post     f.read AttributeError unicode object has no attribute read   codepre
Negative 325 pHow can I trasfrom the following sql statement into linqp  precode select  AdsProperties.AdsProID,          AdsProperties.IsActive,          AdsProperties.Name,            case                 when AdsProperties.ControlType 1 then  TextBox                   Textbox                 when AdsProperties.ControlType 2 then  DropDown                   Dropdown                 when AdsProperties.ControlType 3 then  ConboBox                   ComboBox                 else  RadioButton                   RadioButtont            end as ControlType       from CLF.utblCLFAdsPropertiesMaster as AdsProperties codepre  pI have tried thisp  precodevar query  from AdsProperties in db.utblCLFAdsPropertiesMasters             select new                              AdsProperties.AdsProID,                 AdsProperties.Name,                 AdsProperties.IsActive,                 ControlType  AdsProperties.ControlType  1  intTextBox  null,                 ControlType  AdsProperties.ControlType  2  intDropdown  null,                 ControlType  AdsProperties.ControlType  3  intComboBox  null,                                  ControlType  AdsProperties.ControlType  4  intRadioButton  null                          dt  query.CopyToDataTableExt codepre  pbut I am getting this error p  precodean anynomous type cannot have multiple properties with the same name codepre  pI know that it may be easy and simple. However, being new in linq, I havent the approrpiate experience to deal with it. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks in advance. p
Negative 325 pI have a JOSN file with following structure p  precode[              category  Category  1,         table[                              id  1,                 title  Sample Title 1             ,                              id  2,                 title  Sample Title 2             ,                              id  3,                 title  Sample Title 3                      ]     ,              category Category  2,         table[                              id  1,                 title  Sample Title 1             ,                              id  2,                 title  Sample Title 2             ,                              id  3,                 title  Sample Title 3                      ]      ] codepre  pFirst I have load all category values to a listview such as Category  1,Category  2. When I select Category  1 item from listview, I want to loadread items only from Category  1 table and when I select Category  2 item from the listview, I want to loadread the items only from Category  2 table. p  pPlease let me know how to read the table field values.p
Negative 325 pI get this error.p  blockquote   poperator  cannot be applied to operands of type double and decimalp blockquote  pand when I looked how to fix it there was add a suffix m or M tried didnt workp  precode        double[] statsBase   708, 2.83, 288, 3.3, 63, 0.9, 10, 20, 350, 180, 900           double[] statsPerLvl   52, 0.21, 10, 0, 2.93, 0, 1.5, 2.5, 0, 0, 0           double[] statsWithLvl   0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0       for int num  0 num lt 10 num      statsWithLvl[num]  statsBase[num]  statsPerLvl[num]  numericUpDownlevel.Value  codepre
Negative 325 pThanks for the replies. Very helpfull. Next question I have an XML tekst likep  precode  lthtmlgtltbodygt     ltdiv classcol2gt       ltpgt1.  ltigtwineltigt is badltpgt       ltpgt2.  ltigtbeerltigt gets you drunkltpgt       ltpgt3.  food should not be ltigtfastltigtltpgt     ltdivgt  ltbodygt  lthtmlgt codepre  pI want to transform that intop  precodelthtmlgtltbodygt     ltdiv classcol2gt     ltolgt        ltligtltigtwineltigt is badltligt        ltligtltigtbeerltigt gets you drunkltligt        ltligtfood should not be ltigtfastltigtltligt     ltolgt     ltdivgt   ltbodygtlthtmlgt codepre  pSo I want to keep the itags, the transformation has to stop as it were. How can I do that in xsltp  pI now have which removes the numbers, but strips out the itags toop  precode  ltxml version1.0gt   lt greeting.xsl gt   ltxslstylesheet version2.0 xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransformgt   ltxsloutput methodhtmlgt   ltxsltemplate matchgt ltxslapplytemplates select  nodegt   ltxsltemplategt       ltxsltemplate matchnode   gt ltxslcopygt   ltxslapplytemplates select  node gt ltxslcopygt   ltxsltemplategt     ltxsltemplate matchdiv[classcol2]gt   ltdivgt ltxslcopyof selectgt ltolgt   ltxslforeach selectpgt   ltligt   ltxslvalueof selectreplace . , [d].s ,  gt   ltligt   ltxslforeachgt ltolgt   ltdivgt   ltxsltemplategt   ltxslstylesheetgt codepre
Negative 325 precodepublic class TaskTimer      public int ItemID get set     public int PersonID get set     public int LogID getset     [ForeignKeyLogID]     public virtual Log Log  get set    function void NewItemint personID, int itemID     var db  new DbEntities     var log db.Logs.Find1001     var newItem new ItemTest              PersonID  personID,         ItemID itemID,          Log log log already has value but creates new one again for this new ItemTest          db.ItemTests.AddnewItem     db.SaveChanges  codepre  pSo i already have a codelog item of id 1001code. now When I assign codeLogcode to the new codeItemTestcode object, again new record of codeLogcode is being created.p  pI can solve it for now by usingp  precodenewItem.Loglog  codepre  pafter codedb.SaveChangescode but still i  need to understand why it creates new codeLogcode when used before it.p
Negative 325 pIs there a way to limit panning on the world edge On this picture  brown is the world, grey  is emptiness. And I want to make it impossible to pan like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com332S2.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pI am making a simulation of an infantry in c with Vega Prime.p  pI use the WASD keys for movement and shift for running.p  pwhen I press w and then press shift  when i release w it became a capital W so the event for the release w doest happen because the shift turn the w to W....p  pNow, there is no option to handle the two keys w and W because some reason that is not important.p  pAll I want to do is to disable the SHIFT KEY ability in the application to upperlower letters.p  phow can I do thatp
Negative 325 pI have a form to insert some data into a table. Im trying to do this with PDO. I have a table in my DB where are categories and subcategories. The table has this columns br strongememememstrongbr  id auto incrementbr  parentid 0 for category another number for subcategorybr  numecategorie varchar with name of categorysubcategorybr  desccategorie varchar with description of category.br br  In my form I have a select input to get a category from DB.p  phow can I get the id from a listed category listed dynamicp  precode ltselect idcategorie namecategoriegt  ltphp  stmt  dbgtprepareSelect numecategorie FROM categories WHERE parentid0 order by id  stmtgtexecute  whilerow  stmtgtfetchPDOFETCHASSOC   echo ltoptiongt.row[numecategorie].ltoptiongt      gt  ltselectgt codepre  pMy query for posting is categorie . This variable isp  precode  categorie  htmlentitiestrimPOST[categorie] codepre  pAnd if it is possible having another select form with subcategories listed from the category selected above. Best regards.p
Negative 325 pSuddenly i started getting following exception while using Titan on my local machine. I am using cassandra 2.0.0p  precodecom.thinkaurelius.titan.core.TitanException Permanent exception during backend operation     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.util.BackendOperation.executeBackendOperation.java65     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.BackendTransaction.executeReadBackendTransaction.java380     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.BackendTransaction.edgeStoreQueryBackendTransaction.java178     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.database.cache.ExpirationStoreCache2.callExpirationStoreCache.java127     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.database.cache.ExpirationStoreCache2.callExpirationStoreCache.java123     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheLocalManualCache1.loadLocalCache.java4796     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheLoadingValueReference.loadFutureLocalCache.java3589     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheSegment.loadSyncLocalCache.java2374     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheSegment.lockedGetOrLoadLocalCache.java2337     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheSegment.getLocalCache.java2252     com.google.common.cache.LocalCache.getLocalCache.java3990     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheLocalManualCache.getLocalCache.java4793     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.database.cache.ExpirationStoreCache.queryExpirationStoreCache.java123     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.database.StandardTitanGraph.edgeQueryStandardTitanGraph.java209     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx42.getStandardTitanTx.java773     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx42.getStandardTitanTx.java770     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.vertices.CacheVertex.loadRelationsCacheVertex.java39     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx4.executeStandardTitanTx.java770     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx4.executeStandardTitanTx.java724     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessorLimitAdjustingIterator.getNewIteratorQueryProcessor.java231     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.LimitAdjustingIterator.hasNextLimitAdjustingIterator.java32     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessorOuterIterator.nextInternalQueryProcessor.java75     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessorOuterIterator.ltinitgtQueryProcessor.java65     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessor.iteratorQueryProcessor.java46     com.google.common.collect.Iterables.getOnlyElementIterables.java282     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.types.vertices.TitanTypeVertex.getNameTitanTypeVertex.java28     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTxVertexConstructor.getStandardTitanTx.java321     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTxVertexConstructor.getStandardTitanTx.java291     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.vertexcache.GuavaVertexCache.getGuavaVertexCache.java60     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx.getExistingVertexStandardTitanTx.java288     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx6.applyStandardTitanTx.java956     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx6.applyStandardTitanTx.java951     com.google.common.collect.Iterators9.transformIterators.java893     com.google.common.collect.TransformedIterator.nextTransformedIterator.java48     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.LimitAdjustingIterator.nextLimitAdjustingIterator.java55     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessorOuterIterator.nextInternalQueryProcessor.java76     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessorOuterIterator.ltinitgtQueryProcessor.java65     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessor.iteratorQueryProcessor.java46     com.google.common.collect.Iterables7.iteratorIterables.java611     com.google.common.collect.Iterables.getOnlyElementIterables.java282     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx.getTypeStandardTitanTx.java621     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryUtil.getTypeQueryUtil.java52     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryUtil.constraints2QNFQueryUtil.java145     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.GraphCentricQueryBuilder.constructQueryGraphCentricQueryBuilder.java163     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.GraphCentricQueryBuilder.verticesGraphCentricQueryBuilder.java139     com.socialbizz.server.security.login.LoginAuthenticationProvider.authenticateLoginAuthenticationProvider.java30     org.springframework.security.authentication.ProviderManager.authenticateProviderManager.java156     org.springframework.security.authentication.ProviderManager.authenticateProviderManager.java174     org.springframework.security.web.authentication.UsernamePasswordAuthenticationFilter.attemptAuthenticationUsernamePasswordAuthenticationFilter.java94     org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.doFilterAbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.java195     org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter.doFilterLogoutFilter.java105     org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.doFilterSecurityContextPersistenceFilter.java87     org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterInternalFilterChainProxy.java192     org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java160     org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.invokeDelegateDelegatingFilterProxy.java343     org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.doFilterDelegatingFilterProxy.java260  root cause  com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.PermanentStorageException Permanent failure in storage backend     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.cassandra.thrift.CassandraThriftKeyColumnValueStore.convertExceptionCassandraThriftKeyColumnValueStore.java311     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.cassandra.thrift.CassandraThriftKeyColumnValueStore.getNamesSliceCassandraThriftKeyColumnValueStore.java196     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.cassandra.thrift.CassandraThriftKeyColumnValueStore.getSliceCassandraThriftKeyColumnValueStore.java120     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.keycolumnvalue.BufferedKeyColumnValueStore.getSliceBufferedKeyColumnValueStore.java40     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.keycolumnvalue.CachedKeyColumnValueStore2.callCachedKeyColumnValueStore.java91     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.keycolumnvalue.CachedKeyColumnValueStore2.callCachedKeyColumnValueStore.java87     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheLocalManualCache1.loadLocalCache.java4796     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheLoadingValueReference.loadFutureLocalCache.java3589     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheSegment.loadSyncLocalCache.java2374     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheSegment.lockedGetOrLoadLocalCache.java2337     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheSegment.getLocalCache.java2252     com.google.common.cache.LocalCache.getLocalCache.java3990     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheLocalManualCache.getLocalCache.java4793     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.keycolumnvalue.CachedKeyColumnValueStore.getSliceCachedKeyColumnValueStore.java87     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.locking.consistentkey.ExpectedValueCheckingStore.getSliceExpectedValueCheckingStore.java77     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.BackendTransaction1.callBackendTransaction.java181     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.BackendTransaction1.callBackendTransaction.java178     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.util.BackendOperation.executeBackendOperation.java62     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.BackendTransaction.executeReadBackendTransaction.java380     com.thinkaurelius.titan.diskstorage.BackendTransaction.edgeStoreQueryBackendTransaction.java178     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.database.cache.ExpirationStoreCache2.callExpirationStoreCache.java127     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.database.cache.ExpirationStoreCache2.callExpirationStoreCache.java123     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheLocalManualCache1.loadLocalCache.java4796     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheLoadingValueReference.loadFutureLocalCache.java3589     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheSegment.loadSyncLocalCache.java2374     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheSegment.lockedGetOrLoadLocalCache.java2337     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheSegment.getLocalCache.java2252     com.google.common.cache.LocalCache.getLocalCache.java3990     com.google.common.cache.LocalCacheLocalManualCache.getLocalCache.java4793     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.database.cache.ExpirationStoreCache.queryExpirationStoreCache.java123     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.database.StandardTitanGraph.edgeQueryStandardTitanGraph.java209     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx42.getStandardTitanTx.java773     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx42.getStandardTitanTx.java770     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.vertices.CacheVertex.loadRelationsCacheVertex.java39     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx4.executeStandardTitanTx.java770     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx4.executeStandardTitanTx.java724     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessorLimitAdjustingIterator.getNewIteratorQueryProcessor.java231     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.LimitAdjustingIterator.hasNextLimitAdjustingIterator.java32     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessorOuterIterator.nextInternalQueryProcessor.java75     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessorOuterIterator.ltinitgtQueryProcessor.java65     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessor.iteratorQueryProcessor.java46     com.google.common.collect.Iterables.getOnlyElementIterables.java282     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.types.vertices.TitanTypeVertex.getNameTitanTypeVertex.java28     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTxVertexConstructor.getStandardTitanTx.java321     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTxVertexConstructor.getStandardTitanTx.java291     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.vertexcache.GuavaVertexCache.getGuavaVertexCache.java60     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx.getExistingVertexStandardTitanTx.java288     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx6.applyStandardTitanTx.java956     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx6.applyStandardTitanTx.java951     com.google.common.collect.Iterators9.transformIterators.java893     com.google.common.collect.TransformedIterator.nextTransformedIterator.java48     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.LimitAdjustingIterator.nextLimitAdjustingIterator.java55     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessorOuterIterator.nextInternalQueryProcessor.java76     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessorOuterIterator.ltinitgtQueryProcessor.java65     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryProcessor.iteratorQueryProcessor.java46     com.google.common.collect.Iterables7.iteratorIterables.java611     com.google.common.collect.Iterables.getOnlyElementIterables.java282     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.transaction.StandardTitanTx.getTypeStandardTitanTx.java621     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryUtil.getTypeQueryUtil.java52     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.QueryUtil.constraints2QNFQueryUtil.java145     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.GraphCentricQueryBuilder.constructQueryGraphCentricQueryBuilder.java163     com.thinkaurelius.titan.graphdb.query.GraphCentricQueryBuilder.verticesGraphCentricQueryBuilder.java139     com.socialbizz.server.security.login.LoginAuthenticationProvider.authenticateLoginAuthenticationProvider.java30     org.springframework.security.authentication.ProviderManager.authenticateProviderManager.java156     org.springframework.security.authentication.ProviderManager.authenticateProviderManager.java174     org.springframework.security.web.authentication.UsernamePasswordAuthenticationFilter.attemptAuthenticationUsernamePasswordAuthenticationFilter.java94     org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.doFilterAbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.java195     org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter.doFilterLogoutFilter.java105     org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.doFilterSecurityContextPersistenceFilter.java87     org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterInternalFilterChainProxy.java192     org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java160     org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.invokeDelegateDelegatingFilterProxy.java343     org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.doFilterDelegatingFilterProxy.java260 codepre  pHow can i resolve this I restarted my machine, cassandra but still happening. It happend suddenly.p  pThere is no heavy load problem cos i am the only user who is using this, no huge data load there will be hardly 3040 vertex.p  pHere is how I am adding a vertexp  precodeVertex userVertex  graph.addVertexnull         userVertex.setPropertyvid          , email         userVertex.setPropertyuserName        , email         userVertex.setPropertyuserId          , userVertex.getId         userVertex.setPropertyfullName        , fullName         userVertex.setPropertygender          , gender         userVertex.setPropertypassword        , password         userVertex.setPropertyactivateLink    , activationLink         userVertex.setPropertyblock           , F graph.commit codepre  pand here I read the above record during loginp  precodevertexgraph.query.hasvid,Compare.EQUAL,authentication.getName     .vertices.iterator.next codepre  pand before all that I have done thisp  precodegraph.makeKeyvid.dataTypeString.class                 .indexedVertex.class.unique.make codepre
Negative 325 pWhat I want is fairly simple I need a formula which will give me the smallest value with a given string in the cell next to it.p  precodea   1 f   5 m   4 s   7 f   3 a   3 codepre  pSo for a it would give me 1 because 1lt3 and for f it would give me 3 because 3lt5p  pIm working with Excel 2003p
Negative 325 pI have developed a server and an android app that communicate between each other using TCP sockets. The app was working just a few days ago on UNC campus, now that I am back home on VCU campus internet, the app only works on my tablet and not on my phone. When a device connects to the server an output message is displayed and I am not getting any output when my phone attempts to connect, but I am getting successful output when my tablet attempts to connect. I am thinking this issue is not code related, but rather something technical about my devices that I dont quite understand. Any help greatly Appreciated. p  ppublic class TeacherUser extends Activityp  precodeButton bCreateQuestion, bOpenQuestion ArrayListltStringgt questions private Connect connect  new Connect private InThread inThread  new InThread private Socket socket  null private ObjectOutputStream out  null private ObjectInputStream in  null private String userName  null private boolean connected  false private Intent intent private Bundle basket  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState      requestWindowFeatureWindow.FEATURENOTITLE     getWindow.setFlagsWindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGFULLSCREEN,      WindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGFULLSCREEN      setContentViewR.layout.teacheruser     init     connectServer      public void onDestroy      super.onDestroy     try              connectedfalse         socket.close          in.close         out.close         finish      catch IOException e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace         public void init     bCreateQuestion  Button findViewByIdR.id.bCreateQuestion     bOpenQuestion  Button findViewByIdR.id.bOpenQuestion     questions  new ArrayListltStringgt     intentgetIntent     basketintent.getExtras   public void onResume       super.onResume      Log.darraylist,   questions.size   public void connectServer      String serverIp  172.23.56.73  in the form of 127.0.0.1     String serverPort  9999      ifsocketnull              userName  basket.getStringlogin         connect.executeserverIp, serverPort,userName          inThread.execute         private class Connect extends AsyncTaskltString,Void,Voidgt      protected Void doInBackgroundString ...params               String  userNamenull,                 serverPortnull,                 serverIpnull          ifsocketnull                         userNameparams[2]             serverPortparams[1]             serverIpparams[0]                  try                      ifsocketnull                              InetAddress servAddress  InetAddress.getByNameserverIp                 int port  Integer.parseIntserverPort                  1. creating a socket to connect to the server                 socket  new SocketservAddress, port  sends a connection request to server addressport                                  ifsocketnull                          2. initialize readerwriter                 out  new ObjectOutputStreamsocket.getOutputStream                 in  new ObjectInputStreamsocket.getInputStream                 System.out.printlnStringin.readObject                                         connectedtrue                 out.writeObjectuserName.trim login                 out.flush                        try         catchUnknownHostException errorMsg                      System.err.printlnYou are trying to connect to an unknown host         catch UHE         catchIOException errorMsg                      errorMsg.printStackTrace         catch IOE         catchClassNotFoundException errorMsg                      errorMsg.printStackTrace         catch CNFE         return null         private class InThread extends AsyncTaskltVoid,Void,Voidgt      String message      protected Void doInBackgroundVoid...params              whileconnected                      try                              message  Stringin.readObject                 publishProgress                          catchIOException ioe                              ioe.printStackTrace                          catchClassNotFoundException cnfe                              cnfe.printStackTrace                               return null           protected void onProgressUpdateVoid...params              ifmessage.substring0,1.equals1                                     String[] mesArray  message.split ,3             SmsManager sms  SmsManager.getDefault             sms.sendTextMessage5402268111, null, mesArray[1] asked a question mesArray[2], null, null                    codepre  pp  precode0305 084914.223 WIInputConnectionWrapper22443 getExtractedText on inactive InputConnection 0305 084914.233 WIInputConnectionWrapper22443 getTextBeforeCursor on inactive InputConnection 0305 084914.233 WIInputConnectionWrapper22443 getSelectedText on inactive InputConnection 0305 084914.233 WIInputConnectionWrapper22443 getTextAfterCursor on inactive InputConnection 0305 084914.423 WIInputConnectionWrapper22443 getExtractedText on inactive InputConnection 0305 084914.423 WIInputConnectionWrapper22443 getTextBeforeCursor on inactive InputConnection 0305 084914.423 WIInputConnectionWrapper22443 getSelectedText on inactive InputConnection 0305 084914.423 WIInputConnectionWrapper22443 getTextAfterCursor on inactive InputConnection 0305 084916.886 ESpannableStringBuilder22443 SPANEXCLUSIVEEXCLUSIVE spans cannot have a zero length 0305 084916.886 ESpannableStringBuilder22443 SPANEXCLUSIVEEXCLUSIVE spans cannot have a zero length 0305 084916.906 DAndroidRuntime22443 Shutting down VM 0305 084916.906 Wdalvikvm22443 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x41811898 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443 java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to destroy activity com.example.lecturebuddycom.example.lecturebuddy.TeacherUser java.lang.NullPointerException 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at android.app.ActivityThread.performDestroyActivityActivityThread.java3642 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at android.app.ActivityThread.handleDestroyActivityActivityThread.java3664 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at android.app.ActivityThread.access1300ActivityThread.java165 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1379 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5455 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java525 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java1187 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java1003 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443 Caused by java.lang.NullPointerException 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at com.example.lecturebuddy.TeacherUser.onDestroyTeacherUser.java93 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at android.app.Activity.performDestroyActivity.java5543 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnDestroyInstrumentation.java1134 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    at android.app.ActivityThread.performDestroyActivityActivityThread.java3629 0305 084916.906 EAndroidRuntime22443    ... 11 more 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443 java.net.ConnectException failed to connect to 172.23.56.73 port 9999 connect failed EHOSTUNREACH No route to host 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at libcore.io.IoBridge.connectIoBridge.java114 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at java.net.PlainSocketImpl.connectPlainSocketImpl.java192 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at java.net.PlainSocketImpl.connectPlainSocketImpl.java172 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at java.net.Socket.startupSocketSocket.java565 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at java.net.Socket.ltinitgtSocket.java225 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at com.example.lecturebuddy.TeacherUserConnect.doInBackgroundTeacherUser.java188 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at com.example.lecturebuddy.TeacherUserConnect.doInBackgroundTeacherUser.java1 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at android.os.AsyncTask2.callAsyncTask.java287 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runFutureTask.java234 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at android.os.AsyncTaskSerialExecutor1.runAsyncTask.java230 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1080 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java573 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java841 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443 Caused by libcore.io.ErrnoException connect failed EHOSTUNREACH No route to host 0305 084917.116 WSystem.err22443    at libcore.io.Posix.connectNative Method 0305 084917.126 WSystem.err22443    at libcore.io.BlockGuardOs.connectBlockGuardOs.java85 0305 084917.126 WSystem.err22443    at libcore.io.IoBridge.connectErrnoIoBridge.java127 0305 084917.126 WSystem.err22443    at libcore.io.IoBridge.connectIoBridge.java112 0305 084917.126 WSystem.err22443    ... 12 more codepre
Negative 325 pI have a list of notificationsp  precodepublic ListltNotificationgt Notifications  get set  codepre  pA ListBox in my UI binds to this listp  precodeltListBox ItemsSourceBinding Notifications DisplayMemberPathServiceAddress NameNotificationsListgt codepre  pIn my UI, I also have this TextBoxp  precodeltTextBox NameMatchWindowTextBoxgt codepre  pMatchWindow is a property in Notification objects...so I can access it like this from the above list codeNotifications[SomeIndex].MatchWindowcode. Anyways, when someone changes the selection on the ListBox, this effectively selects a different Notification...so is there some way to bind my TextBox to the selected notifications MatchWindow propertyp
Negative 325 pThis query ran instantlyp  precodemydb SELECT reports. FROM reports WHERE reports.id  9988 ORDER BY time DESC LIMIT 1 codepre  pThis query took 33 seconds to run and I only selected report with unitid 9988 here. I will potentially have hundreds, if not thousands.p  pUPDATE This is results of using EXPLAIN ANALYZIEp  precodemydb EXPLAIN ANALYZE SELECT DISTINCT ON unitid r. FROM reports r WHERE r.unitid IN 3007, 3011, 6193 ORDER BY unitid, time DESC                                                                             QUERY PLAN                                                                                Unique  cost1377569.23..1381106.10 rows11 width155 actual time97175.381..97710.369 rows3 loops1    gt  Sort  cost1377569.23..1379337.66 rows707375 width155 actual time97175.379..97616.039 rows764509 loops1          Sort Key unitid, time          Sort Method  external merge  Disk 92336kB          gt  Bitmap Heap Scan on reports r  cost20224.85..1142005.76 rows707375 width155 actual time12396.930..94097.890 rows764509 loops1                Recheck Cond unitid  ANY 3007,3011,6193integer[]                gt  Bitmap Index Scan on indexreportsonunitid  cost0.00..20048.01 rows707375 width0 actual time12382.176..12382.176 rows764700 loops1                      Index Cond unitid  ANY 3007,3011,6193integer[]  Total runtime 97982.363 ms 9 rows codepre  pThe schema of reports table is as followsp  precodemydb d reports                                                     Table public.reports      Column                 Type                                   Modifiers                        Storage   Description    id              integer                      not null default nextvalreportsidseqregclass  plain       unitid         integer                      not null                                              plain       timesecs       integer                      not null                                              plain       time            timestamp without time zone                                                        plain       latitude        numeric15,10               not null                                              main        longitude       numeric15,10               not null                                              main        speed           integer                                                                            plain       io              integer                                                                            plain       msgtype        integer                                                                            plain       msgcode        integer                                                                            plain       signal          integer                                                                            plain       cellid          integer                                                                            plain       lac             integer                                                                            plain       processed       boolean                      default false                                         plain       createdat      timestamp without time zone                                                        plain       updatedat      timestamp without time zone                                                        plain       street          character varying255                                                             extended    county          character varying255                                                             extended    state           character varying255                                                             extended    postalcode     character varying255                                                             extended    country         character varying255                                                             extended    distance        numeric                                                                            main        gpsvalid       boolean                      default true                                          plain       city            character varying255                                                             extended    streetnumber   character varying255                                                             extended    addresssource  integer                                                                            plain       source          integer                      default 0                                             plain       driverid       integer                                                                            plain      Indexes     reportspkey PRIMARY KEY, btree id     reportsuniquenessindex UNIQUE, btree unitid, time, latitude, longitude     indexreportsonaddresssource btree addresssource DESC     indexreportsondriverid btree driverid     indexreportsontime btree time     indexreportsontimesecs btree timesecs     indexreportsonunitid btree unitid Foreignkey constraints     reportsdriveridfkey FOREIGN KEY driverid REFERENCES driversid     reportsunitidfkey FOREIGN KEY unitid REFERENCES unitsid Referenced by     TABLE alerts CONSTRAINT alertsreportidfkey FOREIGN KEY reportid REFERENCES reportsid     TABLE pressuretransmitters CONSTRAINT pressuretransmittersreportidfkey FOREIGN KEY reportid REFERENCES reportsid     TABLE thermoking CONSTRAINT thermokingreportidfkey FOREIGN KEY reportid REFERENCES reportsid Has OIDs no codepre  pWhy is SELECT DISTINCT ON running so slowp
Negative 325 pAssume we have two functions like the followings  p  precodefunction a this.x  5 return z20  function b this.x  5 return 30  codepre  pnow if you run these lines everything seems to be reasonablep  precodea output  z20  b output  30  codepre  pbut if you run them as object constructor p  precodenew a output  Object z20  new b output  b x5  codepre  pI dont understand if the codenewcode constructor should always return an object, why is the behavior different Does JavaScript watch the return type If the return type is an object so returns it directly and if not it returns the initiated instancep  pI think if it is a constructor, so it should ignore the return type always and returs the initiated object. I think this behavior makes JavaScript too complex. Is there something else here that I dont getp
Negative 325 pI have a project was created in emframework 3.5em and the proxy class was created using wsdl.exe.p  pI am trying to change the emframework to 4.0em of the service class which was in emframework 3.5em and use same and created a proxy class using wsdl.p  pI tried to extend the proxy class and i am getting an error saying codethe type of namespace XXX could not be foundcode. p  pThe technology used was the asmx earlier. The project that uses this service first was in .net 3.5 but now i changed that also to .net 4.0. I have referenced the same dll service.dll for the framework 4.0 and also using the codeMicrosoft.Web.Services3code.p  pSummary I am trying to change the framework of both the projectsService and the MyApplication and integrate the proxy class generated from the wsdl.exe. How can I resolve this issue p  pI am using .net c 4.0.p
Negative 325 pI am new in JAVA i do not know how to make a count program, for example I will write a number ex. code16code and the program to count to the 16 but to go like code1, 3, 5, 7, 9codep  precodepublic static void mainString[] args      Scanner java  new ScannerSystem.in     int from     int to     System.out.printlnEnter a number      to  int java.nextDouble     for from  1 from lt to from          System.out.printlnto       codepre  pThank you.p
Negative 325 pI had been asked the following question in this platform. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22166780isthereacehtmlbasedtoolforplayingvideoonsmarttvIs there a CEHTML based tool for playing video on Smart TVa.p  pThe following rewind and fast forward commonds are not working in smart tv, while it is working fine in my computers browserp  precodejwp.seekMath.max0, parseIntjwp.getPosition  10 jwp.seekMath.minjwp.getDuration, parseIntjwp.getPosition  10 codepre  pAm I doing something wrong in my code. If so, how can I make my JWPlayer work well in my Smart TV web application.p
Negative 325 pI have a HTML Page, in which there are some hidden DIVs and these DIVs are visible vai view source of a page. These DIVs should not be visible to a user when they view source of the page. p  pHow this can be done  Perhaps Javascript or other solution p
Negative 325 pI tried to parse code and count a nesting, but i have a problems with lambda Expression and anonymous methods. I tried to use VisitSimpleLambdaExpression and VisitAnonymousMethodExpression but it didnt help me. Tell me anyone another idea for counting nesting of Lambda Expressions and anonymous methods My current codep  precodeclass NestingLevelVisitor  SyntaxVisitorltintgt      public override int VisitMethodDeclarationMethodDeclarationSyntax node              return Visitnode.Body           public override int VisitBlockBlockSyntax node              if node.Statements.SelectVisit.Count  0             return 0         return node.Statements.SelectVisit.Max           public override int VisitExpressionStatementExpressionStatementSyntax node              return 0           public override int VisitAnonymousMethodExpressionAnonymousMethodExpressionSyntax node              int result  Visitnode.Block         return result  1  dont works           public override int VisitSimpleLambdaExpressionSimpleLambdaExpressionSyntax node              Console.WriteLinenode.Body         int result  Visitnode.Body         return result  1  dont works       codepre  pUPD this example demonstrate a lambda expression with bracesp  precodeclass Program      static void Main              int m  0         document gt                      return new InsertRequestnominalType, document                codepre  pand nesting  1 p  pbut if i use construction like thisp  precodebool f2                           int a  1                 Funclt bool, boolgt not  b gtb                 return 1           codepre  pnesting is not changingp  pthis method contains a anonymous method and nesting of this method  1p  precodestatic void Main      Printer p  delegatestring j              System.Console.WriteLinej          pThe delegate using the anonymous method is called.     p  new PrinterTestClass.DoWork     pThe delegate using the named method is called.  codepre
Negative 325 pIm working on a phonegap app that has a fixed sidebar behind the page and I found an behavior issue.p  pThe sidebar is hidden, the user can see it with a tap on a menu icon. When the user tap on he icon the page go to the right and it shows the sidebar that is in a minor zindex.p  pIf the user want to close the menu he have to drag the visible part of the page to the left.p  pMy problem was that in the sidebar I have a block that is vertically scrollable. It works fine but the thing is, if I put the .scroll overflowy scroll webkitoverflowscrolling touch class in this element and the user swipe horizontally from right to left over it the sidebar and the page start a drag.p  pWere using snap.js for the sidebar interaction.p  pI want to disable this drag. I tried with CSS and preventing horizontal scroll but it doesnt work.p  pI attach a pic for more visual details.img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comubQzw.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pim trying to configure sencha CMD in jenkins. i have added the classpath of sencha in bashprofile. p  pif i try to invoke Snecha cmd on console it works without any issues, but if i try invoke sencha CMD through jenkins. im observing this error p  precodeExecute failed java.io.IOException Cannot run program sencha error2, No such file or directory  at java.lang.ProcessBuilder.startProcessBuilder.java1041  at java.lang.Runtime.execRuntime.java617  at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.launcher.Java13CommandLauncher.execJava13CommandLauncher.java41  at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Execute.launchExecute.java428  at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Execute.executeExecute.java442  at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ExecTask.runExecuteExecTask.java628  at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ExecTask.runExecExecTask.java669  at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.ExecTask.executeExecTask.java495  at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.executeUnknownElement.java292  at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invokeUnknown Source  at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606  at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.executeDispatchUtils.java106  at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.performTask.java348  at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.executeTarget.java435  at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasksTarget.java456  at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargetsProject.java1393  at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargetProject.java1364  at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargetsDefaultExecutor.java41  at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargetsProject.java1248  at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuildMain.java851  at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAntMain.java235  at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.runLauncher.java280  at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.mainLauncher.java109  Caused by java.io.IOException error2, No such file or directory  at java.lang.UNIXProcess.forkAndExecNative Method  at java.lang.UNIXProcess.ltinitgtUNIXProcess.java135  at java.lang.ProcessImpl.startProcessImpl.java130  at java.lang.ProcessBuilder.startProcessBuilder.java1022  ... 23 more  codepre  pkinldy help me in this . p  pgowtham p
Negative 325 pHow do I do something like this in Scalap  precodecase class Foo[A]x A     def get[T] Option[T]  x match      case x T gt Somex     if x is of type T i.e. T  A     case  gt None      val test  Foohi asserttest.get[Int]  None asserttest.get[String]  Somehi codepre  pI tried this and ran into some weird time inference failurep  precodeimport scala.util.Try, Success import reflect.  case class Foo[A]x A extends Dynamic     def get[T ClassTag] Option[T]  Tryx.asInstanceOf[T] match      case Successr gt Somer      case  gt None      object Foo extends App    val test  Foohi   val wtf Option[Int]  test.get[Int]   assertwtf.isInstanceOf[Option[String]]   assertwtf  Somehi      how    val wtf2 Option[String]  wtf   does not compile even if above assert passes  codepre
Negative 325 pI subclassed codeUIButtoncode and did some customized drawing in codedrawRectcode method such as drawing codeNSAttributedStringcode and codeUIImagecode.p  pHowever, after I did this, the customized codeUIButtoncode doesnt gray out when codeenabledcode is set to codeNOcode. I think my customized drawing happens on top of its state. How do I deal with thisp  pSharing my drawing code herep  precode voiddrawRectCGRectrect       Drawing code     if self.faceUp          [self drawCardTextself.card.contents inRectself.bounds]      else          [self drawCardImage[UIImage imageNamedCardBackImageName] inRectself.bounds]         voiddrawCardTextNSString text inRectCGRectrect       set background color to white so text can be shown     [[UIColor whiteColor] setFill]     [[UIBezierPath bezierPathWithRectrect] fill]      UIFont preferedFont  [UIFont preferredFontForTextStyleUIFontTextStyleBody]     UIFont actualFont  [UIFont fontWithNamepreferedFont.fontName                                      sizehypotfrect.size.width, rect.size.height  6.0]      NSDictionary attributes  NSFontAttributeName actualFont      NSAttributedString attributedText  [[NSAttributedString alloc] initWithStringtext attributesattributes]     [self setAttributedTitleattributedText forStateUIControlStateNormal]    voiddrawCardImageUIImage image inRectCGRectrect      UIGraphicsBeginImageContextWithOptionsrect.size, NO, 1.0f     [image drawInRectrect]     UIImage actualImage  UIGraphicsGetImageFromCurrentImageContext     UIGraphicsEndImageContext      [[UIColor colorWithPatternImageactualImage] setFill]     [[UIBezierPath bezierPathWithRectrect] fill]  codepre
Negative 325 pMy application has a function of creating an xls file. After that I need to access that file manually. Now, the problem is, when i run the app on my device, I am able to locate the directories and my xls file in internal storage.p  pBut when I try to run that in the AVD, I am not able to find the file. I also viewed codefile explorercode but there also, I wasnt able to find my file.p  pWhere does the file exists when created in AVD Below is the code p  precodeFile myDir  new FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectory PBautomationmydir myFolder.mkdirs File file  new FilemyFolder, demo.xls  codepre  pTrust me, there is nothing wrong with the code. Below is the codefile explorercode view  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDmtJ2.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pIf I right click on my working folder, and choose TortoiseSVNShow Log it shows a very useful log of changes that have been made to the repository. However it only shows the last 6 weeks or so. If I try to change the date range it wont let me  clicking on the dates in the calender does nothing and if I edit the date textbox it just changes it back.p
Negative 325 pIm using codeAndroid Studiocode with codeGradlecode.p  pI wonder whether there is any way to automate image resizing for different resolutions at build time. I mean to have one set of the images and to resize automatically to various resolutions e.g. codexxhdpicode, codexhdpicode, codehdpicode, codemdpicode, codeldpicodep  pPerfect solution would be to have some gradle plugin which can be configured to produce resized images in appropriate folder before building codeapkcodep
Negative 325 pIm trying to make primefaces elements appear on my pages by taking code from the showcase, the menu worked well after some modifications but the selectonemenu refuses to appear.br its not showing anything in the layout unit. This is my xhtml code p  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 gt ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml xmlnshhttpjava.sun.comjsfhtml xmlnsphttpprimefaces.orgui xmlnsfhttpjava.sun.comjsfcoregt  lthheadgt    lttitlegtConsultation Travaux Soumis Etudiantlttitlegt     ltstyle typetextcssgt         .uiwidget,.uiwidget .uiwidget              fontsize 90 important              ltstylegt   lthheadgt ltbodygt ltplayout fullPagetruegt      ltplayoutUnit positionnorth size158 headerIntranet resizablefalse closablefalse collapsiblefalsegt           lthgraphicImage valueimgLogo.jpg width110 height110gt         lthoutputText value   Consultation de la liste de travaux gt      ltplayoutUnitgt      ltplayoutUnit positionwest size200 headerMenu resizabletrue closabletrue collapsibletruegt       lthform idpmenugt           ltpmenu stylewidth90gt              ltpsubmenu labelNavigationgt                 ltpmenuitem valueAcceuil  action immediatetrue iconuiicon uiiconhomegt                 ltpmenuitem valueDeconnexion actionPagesController.logout immediatetrue iconuiicon uiiconlockedgt             ltpsubmenugt              ltpsubmenu labelServicesgt                  ltpmenuitem valueEmploi du Temps actionListener  immediatetrue ajaxfalse iconuiicon uiiconsuitcase disabledtruegt                 ltpmenuitem valueRelev de Notes actionListener  immediatetrue ajaxfalse iconuiicon uiiconfoldercollapsed disabledtruegt                 ltpmenuitem valueRemise de Doc. urlsecureremisetrEt.xhtml  immediatetrue ajaxfalse iconuiicon uiiconfolderopen gt                            ltpsubmenugt                ltpsubmenu labelInfosgt                 ltpmenuitem valueRclamation actionListener  immediatetrue ajaxfalse iconuiicon uiiconalert gt                 ltpmenuitem valueA Propos actionListener  immediatetrue ajaxfalse iconuiicon uiiconinfo gt             ltpsubmenugt           ltpmenugt     lthformgt      ltplayoutUnitgt      ltplayoutUnit positioncentergt          lthformgt         lthpanelGrid columns1 stylemarginbottom10px cellpadding5gt          ltpselectOneMenugt               ltfselectItem itemLabelSelect One itemValue gt               ltfselectItem itemLabelOption 1 itemValue1 gt               ltfselectItem itemLabelOption 2 itemValue2 gt               ltfselectItem itemLabelOption 3 itemValue3 gt           ltpselectOneMenugt         lthpanelGridgt            lthformgt                 ltplayoutUnitgt  ltplayoutgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 325 pIm having an issue with MVVMs RelayCommand when using async methods.p  pLets say I connect to a server to get a list of items using the await keyword. After I get the result I do a Linq query to filter just the ones I want to display at the moment. After that I create ViewModel of Type MenuContextItem which has Children of the same type. MenuContextItem has a Command Property of type RelayCommand. In the view side of things I have a Menu that binds the ItemsSource property to the ParentItem it is encapsulated with other items on a observable collection.p  pThe items all display correctly however the items created async dont execute the command, I assume it has something to do with async and the WeakReference used in the RelayCommand but I have no idea why.p  precode        var itemsSource  await Task.Run gt GetTheItems         var parentItem  new MenuContextItemParent Item, new ObservableCollectionltMenuContextItemgt          var finalItems  itemsSource.Wheree gt SOME QUERY HERE .ToList         foreach var e in finalItems                      parentItem.Children.Add                 new MenuContextItem                     e.ItemDescription,                     new Commandltobjectgtmenu gt ItemSpecificActione,                     true                               codepre  pstrongUpdatestrong After some more testing it seems that the async call is not the issue, but I have no idea what could be, I have the same code for creating other items manually and it works as expected.p  pEdit Added the MenuContextItem declarationp  precodepublic class MenuContextItem  BindableObject      region private declarations     private string title     private Uri icon     private RelayCommandltobjectgt command     private bool isActive     private ObservableCollectionltMenuContextoItemgt children     private Actionltobjectgt action     endregion      region initialization     public MenuContextItemstring title, Actionltobjectgt action, bool isActive              Title  title         IsActive  isActive         action  action           .... A few other constructors     endregion      region properties     public string Title              get  return title          set                      if title  value                              title  value                 RaisePropertyChanged gt Title                                 public Uri Icon              get  return icon          set                      if icon  value                              icon  value                 RaisePropertyChanged gt Icon                                public RelayCommandltobjectgt Command              get                      if command  null ampamp action  null                 command  new RelayCommandltobjectgtaction             return command                  set                      if command  value                              command  value                 RaisePropertyChanged gt Command                                public bool IsActive              get  return isActive          set                      if isActive  value                              isActive  value                 RaisePropertyChanged gt IsActive                                public ObservableCollectionltMenuContextItemgt Children              get  return children          set                      if children  value                              children  value                 RaisePropertyChanged gt Children                                endregion  codepre  pExample of the same code working on different circumstancesp  precodevar item  new MenuContextItemRegister, null, new RelayCommandltobjectgtitem gt Registeritem codepre  pstrongUpdate 2strong strongIGNORE THIS, my testing was wrongstrong Found that if I assign a var item with the new instance of MenuContextItem it will work as expected, but if I declare the new MenuContextItem inside the ObservableCollection.Add method it loses the command. Now I just need to know why. I really would like to figure this out.p  precodevar item  new MenuContextItem                     e.Description,                     null,                     new RelayCommandltobjectgtmenu gt ItemSpecificActione                      parentItem.Children.Additem codepre
Negative 325 pIn Javascriptp  precode    new Date     Tue Mar 18 2014 185417 GMT0000 GMT     Date.UTC2014,03,18     1397779200000 codepre  pIn Mysqlp  precodemysqlgt SELECT  NOW, UTCTIMESTAMP   NOW                UTCTIMESTAMP        20140318 185504  20140318 185504    mysqlgt select UNIXTIMESTAMP20140318    UNIXTIMESTAMP20140318                      1395118800  codepre
Negative 325 pI want to display a default cell during FIRST time tableView loading. I know a method like below but dont know where should I put that. My default cell is out of range from  codewillDisplayCellcode.p  precode[self.tableView selectRowAtIndexPathdefaultIndexPath                             animatedYES                       scrollPositionUITableViewScrollPositionMiddle] codepre  pFor example my TableView dataSource have 20 rows, but my tableView size only can fit 6rows. I wish to scroll and selected the row number 12 when I first loading the tableView.p
Negative 325 pI have a form and a .js page with many validations on it.  They were mostly written by someone else and I am making some changes.  I am just learning javascript so I am still pretty clueless.  Here is the form truncated for length p  precodeltphp if issetGET[invited] invited  TRUE else invited  FALSE   Using a manual keyword list now keywordList  arrayAcademic Success, Accreditation, Action Research, Writing keywordMenu  ltoption valuegtChoose...ltoptiongt foreachkeywordList as word if word keywordMenu . ltoptiongtwordltoptiongt keywordMenu . ltoption valuegtOtherltoptiongt gt  ltDOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC W3CDTD HTML 4.01EN httpwww.w3.orgTRhtml4strict.dtdgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt lttitlegtAnnual Conferencelttitlegt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetiso88591gt ltlink hrefhttpmustus.edufavicon.png relshortcut icongt ltstyle typetextcssgt     import urlhttpwww.mustus.eduannualconstyle.css     import urlhttpmustus.eduannualconnewproposalsubmitproposalsubmit.css ltstylegt ltscript typetextjavascript srcproposalsubmit.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srcckeditorckeditor.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srcjqueryjquery.1.4.min.jsgtltmce0gtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srcfunctions.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltphp includeFile  filegetcontentshttpwww.mustus.eduannualconheader.php echo includeFile gt  ltphp if invited echo lth2gtInvited Presenter Session Submission Formlth2gtlth3gtAll Proposals Due June 16, 2014lth3gt else  echo lth2gtProposal Submission Form lth2gtlth3gtAll Proposals Due June 16, 2014lth3gt gt   ltp stylecolor redgtPLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR SUBMISSION IS NOT COMPLETE AND WILL NOT BE RECEIVED UNTIL YOU HIT THE SUBMIT BUTTON AND ARE REDIRECTED TO THE SUBMISSION COMPLETED PAGE.ltpgt ltpgtEnter the requested information into each box below.ltpgt  lth3gtPresenter Informationlth3gt ltform namepersonForm idpersonForm action methodget onsubmitreturn falsegt     ltpgtPlease list ltbgtallltbgt presenters in the ltbgtorderltbgt in which they should be listed in the conference program.ltpgt     ltp stylecolor redgtltbgtNOTE Only those presenters whose names are entered will be listed in the conference program.ltbgtltpgt     lt Used only to limit word count for the abstract and category fields put here so it wont go in the real form.gt     ltpgtltinput typehidden nameabstrWordCount value75gtltpgt     ltpgtltinput typehidden nameresearch3WordCount value200gtltpgt     ltpgtltinput typehidden nameresearch4WordCount value200gtltpgt     ltpgtltinput typehidden nameresearch5WordCount value200gtltpgt     ltpgtltinput typehidden nameresearch6WordCount value200gtltpgt  ltformgt  ltform namerealForm idrealForm actionprocess.php methodpost enctypemultipartformdatagt lth3gtSession Informationlth3gt  lth3gtTitle lttextarea classwiderfield nametitle cols75 rows3 idtitlegtlttextareagtlth3gt  lth3gtSession Abstractlth3gt lth4 stylecolor redgtAbstracts ltemgtmustltemgt be 75 words or less or your submission will be rejected Please use your word processor to verify the word count before submitting.lth4gt ltpgtThe only allowed formatting is bold and italics.ltpgt ltpgt  lttextarea nameabstr cols40 rows4gtlttextareagt  ltpgt  ltphp function formatPulldownid      return ltltltEndOfText     ltselect namerequestedformat[] idrequestedFormatidgt         ltoption valuedidnt choosegtChoose...ltoptiongt         ltoption value40minutegt40minute individual sessionltoptiongt         ltoption valuePanelgtPanel discussionltoptiongt         ltoption valuePostergtAllconference interactive poster sessionltoptiongt         ltoption valuePreconference workshopgtPreconference workshopltoptiongt     ltselectgt EndOfText  if invited echo      lth3gtPreferred Session Formatlth3gt         ltpgtPlease choose in order of preference. We will do our best to honor your preference, but it cannot be guaranteed.ltpgt         ltolgt             ltligt.formatPulldown1.ltligt             ltligt.formatPulldown2.ltligt             ltligt.formatPulldown3.ltligt         ltolgt gt  lth3gtProposal Categorylth3gt ltpgtPlease choose the category that best describes your submission.ltpgt ltpgt      ltselect idcategoriesselectgt         ltoption value0gtChoose Oneltoptiongt         ltoption valueResearchgtResearchltoptiongt         ltoption valueInnovationgtInnovationltoptiongt         ltoption valueApplicationgtApplicationltoptiongt         ltoption valueIntegrationgtIntegrationltoptiongt     ltselectgt  ltpgt   ltdiv idallcategoryDivsgt     ltdiv classcategoryDivs idcategoryDivResearchgt         ltpgtIndicate truncatedltbrgt         lttextarea nameresearch3 cols40 rows4gtlttextareagt         ltdivgt  ltdiv classcategoryDivs idcategoryDivInnovationgt         ltpgtDescribe the planned innovation addressed in your paper and what motivates it. Describe what you see in your students,          colleagues, or institutions behavior that you want to change. Describe the learning objectives you want students or colleagues         to better achieve as a result of your innovation. ltbrgt         lttextarea nameinnovation3 cols40 rows4gtlttextareagtltpgt          ltdivgt      ltdiv classcategoryDivs idcategoryDivApplicationgt         ltpgtDescribe the theory, approach, and revision that you applied in your course, curriculum, or program. Describe         what you saw in your students, colleagues, or institutions behavior that you wanted to change. Describe the learning         objectives you wanted students or colleagues to better achieve as a result of your application.ltbrgt         lttextarea nameapplication3 cols40 rows4gtlttextareagtltpgt          ltdivgt      ltdiv classcategoryDivs idcategoryDivIntegrationgt         ltpgtIndicate the broad area of teaching and learning in higher education that you are integrating. Describe how your paper         integrates the research of others in this area.ltbrgt         lttextarea nameintegration3 cols40 rows4gtlttextareagtltpgt          ltdivgt ltdivgt   lth3gtReferenceslth3gt ltpgtList references for citations you made in the above four boxes use APA Style.ltpgt ltpgtlttextarea namereferences cols40 rows4gtlttextareagtltpgt   lth3gtOrganizationlth3gt ltpgtDescribe how your session will be conducted. Indicate how it will be organized and how participants will be involved.ltpgt ltpgtlttextarea nameorganization cols40 rows4gtlttextareagtltpgt   lth3gtSuggested Keywordslth3gt     ltpgtSelect at least 3 distinct keywords or short phrases that identify what your session is about. ltpgt       ltolgt         ltligtltselect namekeyword1gtltphp echo keywordMenu gtltselectgtltinput typetext namekeyword1othergtltligt         ltligtltselect namekeyword2gtltphp echo keywordMenu gtltselectgtltinput typetext namekeyword2othergtltligt         ltligtltselect namekeyword3gtltphp echo keywordMenu gtltselectgtltinput typetext namekeyword3othergtltligt     ltolgt  lth3gtAV Requirementslth3gt     ltpgtCheck all equipment needed for your session.      ltbgtNoteltbgt No AV equipment will be provided for poster sessions. ltpgt     ltpgt         ltinput typecheckbox nameflipchart idflipchart valueyesgtltlabel forflipchartgtFlip chartltlabelgtltbrgt         ltinput typecheckbox namevideo idvideo valueyesgtltlabel forvideogtVCRDVD player and monitorltlabelgtltbrgt         ltinput typecheckbox namelcd idlcd valueyesgtltlabel forlcdgtLCD Projector ltbgtYou must supply your OWN computer and adapters projectors are VGAltbgtltlabelgtltbrgt     ltpgt  ltphp if invited echo          lth3gtTopical tableslth3gt         ltpgt             If you would be willing to discuss your topic at a mealtime topical table,          ltpgtltpgt             ltinput typecheckbox nametablefrilunch idtablefrilunch valueyesgtltlabel fortablefrilunchgtFriday lunchltlabelgtltbrgt             ltinput typecheckbox nametablefridinner idtablefridinner valueyesgtltlabel fortablefridinnergtFriday dinnerltlabelgtltbrgt             ltinput typecheckbox nametablesatlunch idtablesatlunch valueyesgtltlabel fortablesatlunchgtSaturday lunchltlabelgt         ltpgt gt  lth3gtAdditional comments or questions you wish to share with the reviewers andor conference planners  lttextarea classwiderfield namecomments cols75 rows5 idcommentsgtlttextareagtlth3gt  ltpgt lth4gtFor content assistance, contactlth4gt ltaddressgtNameltbrgtaddressltaddressgt ltbrgtltbrgt  ltphp if invited       echo ltpgtltinput nametype typehidden valueinvitedgtltpgt  else      echo ltpgtltstronggtltinput typecheckbox idinfocheck nameinfocheck valueYesgt Verification Statement I understand that failure to complete requested information in all boxes above      will result in rejection of my proposal.ltstronggtltpgt  gt  ltpgtltinput namepresenters idpresenters typehiddengtltpgt ltformgt lth3gtReview and Submitlth3gt ltpgtPlease review this form. Once you are sure it is ready for submission, please click submit.ltpgt ltp classbuttonsgtltinput typebutton idsubmitButton valueSubmit proposal formgtltpgt  ltphp includeFile  filegetcontentshttpwww.mustus.eduannualconfooter.php echo includeFile gt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pand here is the js file that contains the validations p  precodeSet JSLint globals for debugging global window, CKEDITOR    Declaring our globals the first two are declared on page load var personForm, realForm, personCalled, personDbField, personFields personCalled  presenter personDbField  presenters personFields  [firstname, middlename, lastname, department, institution, city, state, country, officephone, cellphone, emailaddress, website]   Make arrays searchable Array.prototype.search  functionsearchStr      for var i0 iltthis.length i          if this[i]searchStr  return true           return false   function makeInputPtarget, field, label      var newP, newLabel, newInput     newP  document.createElementp     newLabel  document.createElementlabel     newLabel.appendChilddocument.createTextNodelabel     newInput  document.createElementinput     newInput.name  field     newP.appendChildnewLabel     newP.appendChildnewInput     target.appendChildnewP   function addPersontarget, primary      var newDiv, newH3, newButton, i, field, label     newDiv  document.createElementdiv     newH3  document.createElementh3     newButton  document.createElementinput     newButton.type  button     newButton.className  addRemove     if primary          newButton.value  Add personCalleds         newButton.onclick  function              addPersontarget, false                  newH3.appendChilddocument.createTextNodePrimary personCalled      else          newButton.value  Remove         newButton.onclick  function              if window.confirmDelete this personCalled                  target.removeChildthis.parentNode                               newH3.appendChilddocument.createTextNodeAdditional personCalled          newDiv.appendChildnewButton     newDiv.appendChildnewH3     target.appendChildnewDiv     for i0 iltpersonFields.length i          field  personFields[i]         label  personFields[i].replace,             makeInputPnewDiv,field,label         function personObjpersonDiv      var personInputs, personData, field     personInputs  personDiv.getElementsByTagNameinput     personData       for field0 fieldltpersonInputs.length field          personData[personInputs[field].name]  personInputs[field].value          return personData   function peopleErrorsrequiredFields   Returns false if okay, or a required field is empty, returns the field     var people, person, personDiv, personInputs, field     people  personForm.getElementsByTagNamediv     for person0 personltpeople.length person          personDiv  people[person]         personInputs  personDiv.getElementsByTagNameinput         for field0 fieldltpersonInputs.length field              if requiredFields.searchpersonInputs[field].namefalse ampamp personInputs[field].value                  return personInputs[field]                                return false   function digestPersonpersonDiv      var personData, output, fieldName     personData  personObjpersonDiv     output  [personData.lastname, personData.firstname     if personData.middle          output   personData.middle          output  ]n     for fieldName in personData          if fieldNameprototype ampamp fieldName ampamp fieldNamelastname ampamp fieldNamefirstname ampamp fieldNamemiddle              output  fieldName  personData[fieldName].replace[rn],  n                   output  n     return output   function compilePeopleOutput      var people, compiledPeople, person     people  personForm.getElementsByTagNamediv     compiledPeople       for person0 personltpeople.length person          compiledPeople  digestPersonpeople[person]          document.getElementByIdpersonDbField.value  compiledPeople     function stopWithAlertmsg,targ      window.alertmsg     targ.focus     return false   function verifyForm      var requiredPeopleFields, pplErrs, a, b, c     requiredPeopleFields  [firstname, lastname, department, institution, city, country, officephone, emailaddress]     pplErrs  peopleErrorsrequiredPeopleFields     if pplErrs  return stopWithAlertPlease fill in this presenters pplErrs.name.replace,  ., pplErrs       if realForm.title.value  return stopWithAlertPlease enter the title of this session., realForm.title       if CKEDITOR.instances.abstr.getData  return stopWithAlertPlease provide an abstract of your session., CKEDITOR.instances.abstr       if document.getElementByIdrequestedFormat1          for a1 alt3 a              if document.getElementByIdrequestedFormata.selectedIndex0                  return stopWithAlertPlease indicated your preferred presentation format in order of preference., document.getElementByIdrequestedFormata              else                  for b1 blt3 b                      if ab ampamp document.getElementByIdrequestedFormata.selectedIndexdocument.getElementByIdrequestedFormatb.selectedIndex                          return stopWithAlertPlease indicated your preferred presentation format in order of preference. You cannot choose the same format twice., document.getElementByIdrequestedFormata                                                                       for c1 clt3 c          if realForm[keywordc].selectedIndex0  realForm[keywordc].selectedIndexrealForm[keywordc].options.length1 ampamp realForm[keywordcother]              return stopWithAlertPlease select at least three keywords that apply to this session., realForm[keywordc]                    if realForm.type.value  invited ampamp realForm.infocheck.checked  false return stopWithAlertPlease read and agree to verification statement., realForm.infocheck          if realForm.categoriesselect.value0  return stopWithAlertPlease select a Proposal Category., realForm.categoriesselect         if realForm.references.value  return stopWithAlertPlease provide references for your proposal., realForm.references       if realForm.organization.value  return stopWithAlertPlease provide session organization for your proposal., realForm.organization         Otherwise, looks good     return true   window.onload  function      var i      personForm  document.getElementByIdpersonForm     realForm  document.getElementByIdrealForm      addPersonpersonForm, true      document.getElementByIdsubmitButton.onclick  function          if verifyForm              compilePeopleOutput             realForm.submit                    for i1 ilt5 i          realForm[keywordi].selectedIndex  0         realForm[keywordiother].style.display  none         realForm[keywordiother].value             function otherBlank          if this.selectedIndexthis.options.length1               realForm[this.nameother].style.display  block          else              realForm[this.nameother].style.display  none             realForm[this.nameother].value                     realForm.keyword1.onchange  otherBlank     realForm.keyword2.onchange  otherBlank     realForm.keyword3.onchange  otherBlank      Setup CKEditor for abstract field     CKEDITOR.replace abstr,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                  Setup CKEditor for category fields  set each on separately because they can all be different     CKEDITOR.replace research3,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                 CKEDITOR.replace research4,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                 CKEDITOR.replace research5,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                 CKEDITOR.replace research6,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                 CKEDITOR.replace innovation3,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                  CKEDITOR.replace innovation4,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                  CKEDITOR.replace innovation5,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                 CKEDITOR.replace innovation6,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                  CKEDITOR.replace application3,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                 CKEDITOR.replace application4,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                 CKEDITOR.replace application5,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                 CKEDITOR.replace application6,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                 CKEDITOR.replace integration3,          extraPlugins wordcount,   enable wordcount plugin customized to show count on top         removePlugins elementspath,  dont want the elements path in the corner         resizeenabled false,         ForcePasteAsPlainText true,         height 100,         removeFormatTags form,div,span,font,form,table,tr,td,input,textarea,script,a,p,br,         toolbar [ [Cut,Copy,PasteText,,Bold,Italic,,Undo,Redo,,SelectAll,RemoveFormat] ],          This last section sets tag endings not to use gt since not using XML         on                      instanceReady  function ev                               this.dataProcessor.writer.selfClosingEnd  gt                                 codepre  pThe four validations that are not working and not giving an error arep  precodeif realForm.type.value  invited ampamp realForm.infocheck.checked  false return stopWithAlertPlease read and agree to verification statement., realForm.infocheck          if realForm.categoriesselect.value0  return stopWithAlertPlease select a Proposal Category., realForm.categoriesselect         if realForm.references.value  return stopWithAlertPlease provide references for your proposal., realForm.references       if realForm.organization.value  return stopWithAlertPlease provide session organization for your proposal., realForm.organization  codepre  pAgain, I apologize for being such a newbie at this and I appreciate any help. p
Negative 325 pIm trying to setup a mini django app to allow users to download files from s3. I wrote a simple python function using boto of course to fetch the correct url but when i handle the url with django the url is stripped.p  pthis is my urlfetcherp  precodedef s3urlkey     s3  None     try         s3  boto.connects3awsaccesskeyidsettings.accessid,awssecretaccesskeysettings.secretkey,issecureFalse     except boto.exception.S3ResponseError         print [S3] unable to connect to s3         return None     url  s3.generateurl settings.EXPIRESIN, GET, bucketsettings.BUCKET, keykey     return url codepre  pand this is my django viewp  precodedef gets3request,key     url  aws.s3urlkey     return HttpResponseurl codepre  pwhen i try the view in the django shell i get the followingp  precodegtgtgt r  manager.s3views.gets3xxxxx520140310083739.274998d3421964017734f96198c74d853eb2e7 gtgtgt print r ContentType texthtml charsetutf8  httpBUCKETNAME.s3.amazonaws.comxxxxx520140310083A373A39.274998d3421964017734f96198c74d853eb2e7SignatureFVWZPBnoOAOm5PuNOajQ3Ce5GrM3DampExpires1395310316ampAWSAccessKeyIdAKIAI4QC5JE7YMBEITJA codepre  pthat is right but when i use it withing django runserve i get onlyp  precodehttpBUCKETNAME.s3.amazonaws.comSignaturePhR4IfGwKHsryp2fAllLPSc9Bds3DampExpires1395311016ampAWSAccessKeyIdAKIAI4QC5JE7YMBEITJA codepre  pHelpp
Negative 325 pWhen i try to solve a differential equation, I have found that the initial condition is different from before. The initial condition is  codef00,fa0code, unlike the condition codef00,f0bcodep  hr  pthe function odeint parameter codey0  arraycode Initial condition on y can be a vector.cite by scipy.orgp  hr  pHow do I modify the initial condition y0p
Negative 325 pI have recently been asked to create a small javascript application, that takes in some data invoices and returns some outcomes eg whether it will be paidp  pTo help me with this creation I have used multiple libraries and frameworks, some I have usedp  ul liBackBone JSli liJQueryli liBootStrapli ul  pI am now looking at some other plugins I could use Does a point ever come where I have used too much  If so, when does this happen p  pMany Thanks, Lukep
Negative 325 pI am facing a problem while updating an employee data. p  pI want to update an already existed employee data. All the records are updated except Resume Field. When I tried to have a look at database, I found strongemFileFieldNoneem but all other fields are populated as expected.strongp  pWhere am I wrongp  blockquote   pmodels.pyp blockquote  precodeclass employeedatamodels.Model     eidmodels.AutoFieldprimarykeyTrue     fnamemodels.CharFieldmaxlength20     lnamemodels.CharFieldmaxlength20     emailmodels.URLFielduniqueTrue     usernamemodels.CharFieldmaxlength30,nullTrue     passwdmodels.CharFieldmaxlength30     locationmodels.CharFieldmaxlength30,nullTrue     gendermodels.CharFieldmaxlength10,nullTrue     mobilemodels.CharFieldmaxlength20,nullTrue     jobareamodels.CharFieldmaxlength30,nullTrue     expmodels.CharFieldmaxlength10,nullTrue     currentjobmodels.CharFieldmaxlength50,nullTrue     skillsmodels.TextFieldnullTrue     logincountmodels.IntegerField     resumemodels.FileFielduploadtoresumeYmd,nullTrue codepre  blockquote   pviews.pyp blockquote  precodedef regempdonerequest if request.methodPOST     uidrequest.POST[id]     if cv in request.FILES         formregformrequest.POST,request.FILES         if form.isvalid             useremployeedata.objects.geteiduid             user.usernamerequest.POST[uname]             user.locationrequest.POST[location]             user.genderrequest.POST[gender]             user.mobilerequest.POST[mob]             user.jobarearequest.POST[jobarea]             user.exprequest.POST[exp]             user.currentjobrequest.POST[current]             user.skillsrequest.POST[skills]             user.logincountuser.logincount1             user.resumefilerequest.FILES[cv]             user.save             return rendertoresponseregdone.html,contextinstanceRequestContextrequest         else             formregform             return rendertoresponseregemp.html,msgSorry Invalid Form,uiduid,contextinstanceRequestContextrequest     else         formregform         return rendertoresponseregemp.html,msgSorry Resume file is Empty,uiduid,contextinstanceRequestContextrequest else     formregform     return rendertoresponseregemp.html,msgSorry Invalid Request, Start over,contextinstanceRequestContextrequest codepre  blockquote   pforms.pyp blockquote  precodeclass regformforms.Form     eidforms.IntegerField     fnameforms.CharFieldmaxlength20     lnameforms.CharFieldmaxlength20     emailforms.URLField     usernameforms.CharFieldmaxlength30     passwdforms.CharFieldmaxlength30     locationforms.CharFieldmaxlength30     genderforms.CharFieldmaxlength10     mobileforms.CharFieldmaxlength20     jobareaforms.CharFieldmaxlength30     expforms.CharFieldmaxlength10     currentjobforms.CharFieldmaxlength50     skillsforms.CharField     logincountforms.IntegerField     resumeforms.FileField codepre  blockquote   psettings.pyp blockquote  precodeMEDIAROOT  homeuserDesktopojpmedia  MEDIAURL  media codepre
Negative 325 pI am writing a simple addition subtraction program with two buttons. One button increments by one and the other decrements by 1. The program works fine if I remove my onclicklistener methods. I cannot figure out what I am doing wrong.p  pThis is my codep  precode  package com.newboston.thefirst     import android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity    import android.support.v7.app.ActionBar    import android.support.v4.app.Fragment    import android.os.Bundle    import android.view.LayoutInflater    import android.view.Menu    import android.view.MenuItem    import android.view.View    import android.view.View.OnClickListener    import android.view.ViewGroup    import android.widget.Button    import android.widget.TextView    import android.os.Build     public class MainActivity extends ActionBarActivity   int counter Button add, sub TextView display       Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain     counter0     add Button findViewByIdR.id.buttonAdd     sub Button findViewByIdR.id.buttonSub     display TextView findViewByIdR.id.textView1     add.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener            public void onClickView v               TODO Autogenerated method stub             counter             display.setTextYour total is counter                   sub.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener            public void onClickView v               TODO Autogenerated method stub             counter             display.setTextYour total is counter                   if savedInstanceState  null          getSupportFragmentManager.beginTransaction                 .addR.id.container, new PlaceholderFragment                 .commit                  Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu        Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.     getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.main, menu     return true             Override     public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item       Handle action bar item clicks here. The action bar will      automatically handle clicks on the HomeUp button, so long      as you specify a parent activity in AndroidManifest.xml.     int id  item.getItemId     if id  R.id.actionsettings          return true              return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem                 A placeholder fragment containing a simple view.          public static class PlaceholderFragment extends Fragment       public PlaceholderFragment            Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,             Bundle savedInstanceState          View rootView  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentmain, container, false         return rootView              codepre  pThese are the errors that I am gettingp  precode0324 033138.592 IProcess361 Sending signal. PID 361 SIG 9  0324 033844.952 Idalvikvm389 Could not find method   android.content.pm.PackageManager.getActivityLogo, referenced from method   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarView.ltinitgt  0324 033844.952 Wdalvikvm389 VFY unable to resolve virtual method 312   LandroidcontentpmPackageManager.getActivityLogo   LandroidcontentComponentNameLandroidgraphicsdrawableDrawable  0324 033844.952 Ddalvikvm389 VFY replacing opcode 0x6e at 0x008b  0324 033844.962 Idalvikvm389 Could not find method   android.content.pm.ApplicationInfo.loadLogo, referenced from method   android.support.v7.internal.widget.ActionBarView.ltinitgt  0324 033844.962 Wdalvikvm389 VFY unable to resolve virtual method 308   LandroidcontentpmApplicationInfo.loadLogo   LandroidcontentpmPackageManagerLandroidgraphicsdrawableDrawable  0324 033844.962 Ddalvikvm389 VFY replacing opcode 0x6e at 0x0099  0324 033844.972 Ddalvikvm389 VFY dead code 0x008e0092 in   Landroidsupportv7internalwidgetActionBarView.ltinitgt   LandroidcontentContextLandroidutilAttributeSetV  0324 033844.972 Ddalvikvm389 VFY dead code 0x009c00a0 in   Landroidsupportv7internalwidgetActionBarView.ltinitgt   LandroidcontentContextLandroidutilAttributeSetV  0324 033845.122 DAndroidRuntime389 Shutting down VM  0324 033845.122 Wdalvikvm389 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception   group0x4001d800  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389 FATAL EXCEPTION main  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389 java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start   activity ComponentInfocom.newboston.thefirstcom.newboston.thefirst.MainActivity   java.lang.NullPointerException  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2663  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2679  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   android.app.ActivityThread.access2300ActivityThread.java125  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java2033  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java123  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4627  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java521  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java868  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java626  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative   Method  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389 Caused by java.lang.NullPointerException  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   com.newboston.thefirst.MainActivity.onCreateMainActivity.java31  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1047  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  at   android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2627  0324 033845.132 EAndroidRuntime389  ... 11 more codepre  pstrongEDITstrongp  pXML codep  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt    ltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid      xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools      androidlayoutwidthmatchparent      androidlayoutheightmatchparent      androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin      androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin      androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin      androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin      toolscontextcom.newboston.thefirst.MainActivityPlaceholderFragment gt      ltTextView       androidididtextView1       androidlayoutwidthfillparent       androidlayoutheightwrapcontent       androidtextYour total is 0       androidtextSize30sp       androidgravitycenter      gt     ltButton       androidlayoutwidth200sp       androidlayoutheightwrapcontent       androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue       androidlayoutmarginTop71dp       androidgravitycenter       androidtextSubtract one       androidididbuttonSub gt      ltButton        androidlayoutwidth200sp        androidlayoutheightwrapcontent        androidlayoutbelowidtextView1        androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue        androidlayoutmarginTop110dp        androidgravitycenter        androidtextAdd one        androidididbuttonAdd gt    ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre
Negative 325 pIs it possible, in SQL Server 2008, using the full text index syntax, to run a query such as this onep  precodeSELECT  FROM TABLETOSEARCH S, TABLEWITHSTRINGSTOSEARCH SS WHERE     CONTAINSS.WHOLENAME,SS.FIRSTNAME  OR CONTAINSS.WHOLENAME,SS.LASTNAME codepre  pI need to search for the FIRSTNAME in table TABLETOSEARCH, column WHOLENAME that has an full text index on it. It doesnt seem to be a valid query though... Is there any workaround to it by using the full text index searchp  pstrongLATER EDITstrongp  pHere is the business case each night I am downloading from several websites information about blacklisted individuals and insert it into a table in this format codeWholeName, LastName, FirstName, MiddleNamecode. But the data is chaotic as codeWholeNamecode does not necessarily contain either the last, first or middle name or the WholeName is null while the other 3 fields have values, or every of these 4 fields is null and so on. Also, the data may repeat itself as one blacklisted individual may come from 2 of these websites. What I need to do is to compare this data, as chaotic as it is, against our customer data based on our customers codeFirstcode and codeLastcode name and give it a matching score rank against the files we download from these websites. p  pFirst I tried with codecharindexcode or codelikecode operators but I couldnt create a scoring algorithm based on this and also it took 6 hours to compare just our customers first and last name with only the codeWholeNamecode column from the codeTABLETOSEARCHcode table. I thought that perhaps implementing the fulltext index it would get easier and faster but ... apparently I was wrong. p  pHas anyone dealt with a task like this And if so, what was the best approachp
Negative 325 pIm writing an app and at some point I have to compare two arraylist or two objects, I defined a class called Article and wrote this code to compare two articlesp  precode    public boolean aredifferent      Article art1  new Article     art1.setBmnull     art1.setDesche     art1.setImagelinkwww     art1.setLinkwww     art1.setTitleti      Article art2  new Article     art2.setBmnull     art2.setDesche     art2.setImagelinkwww     art2.setLinkwww     art2.setTitleti     boolean diff     ifart1.equalsart2         diff  false     else         diff  true            return diff   codepre  pthe problem Im having that this method is returning true and I cant see why. any ideas is there a different way to compare objects in android p  pThank youp
Negative 325 pHow to avoid StringIndexOutOfBoundException in this code  I want to get every two characters in the string.p  precodeString path  input.nextLine      forint i  0 i lt path.length i               String n  path.substringi,i1         String nPlus1  path.substringi1, i2      codepre
Negative 325 pI have this codep  precodevar browserName  chrome      function getBrowserHack           var browsersStack               chrome                   hacks                      global  window.chrome,                     version                           32  window.chrome ampamp window.chrome.webstore                                                   ,             firefox                   hacks                      global  window.sidebar,                     version                           2 function x[6]x                                                   ,             safari                   hacks                       global  constructori.testwindow.HTMLElement                              ,             opera                   hacks                       global  window.opera ampamp window.opera.version  X                                                return .getJSONbrowsersStack, functiondata             var browsers  data[browserName]             return browsers               codepre  pi need to return function with this JSON data, and i have an error code[object20Object] 404 Not Foundcode. What im doing wrong p
Negative 325 pIf all my processors share the same memory, is using MPI anyhow useful, instead of going full OpenMP  p
Negative 325 pIf Im creating a template engine for Rails, how do I inform the framework of what template extensions I intend on handlingp
Negative 325 pI am trying to output the date selected by a user in the format Thu March 25th 2014 from a day that the user selects from a datepicker calendar.  The problem is that 1 datepicker sends me the date selected in the format mmddyyyy and I need to pass this string through strtotime in order to use as an input for the date function, and strtotime considers a date using  as a separator to be in the international format ddmmyyyy.  So the question is how can I switch a string mmddyyyy to ddmmyyyy so that I can use that as input for strtotime  Or am I doing this all wrongp  precodeschedulepickupdate  POST[schedulepickupdate]    this is the date from     datepicker echo Date .dateD F jS Y,strtotimeschedulepickupdate codepre
Negative 325 pWondering if its possible to set rules for validating decimal with the format XX,XX  I have found that its possible with integer not decimalp  precodepublic static rules  array         TBadendeperTime gt integer codepre
Negative 325 pI want to create a agent class for Class1p  precodePublic class Class1    public void logString str        ....       public void logString str1, Object obj        ....       ....   codepre  pClass1 has lots of log functions with the same name log but with different parameters. I want to create a agentproxy class for Class1 but do not want to repeat all its functions. I have tried the following way, it did not work.p  precodepublic class agentForClass1     protected Class1 obj1     public logObject... objs       obj1.logobjs      codepre  pCan you help Is this possible in Javap
Negative 325 pJust curious how does CakePHP rewrite Urlsp  p.htaccess for cakephp at root is p  precodeltIfModule modrewrite.cgt    RewriteEngine on    RewriteRule     appwebroot    [L]    RewriteRule    . appwebroot1 [L] ltIfModulegt codepre  pwhich generates normal css links for CakePHP as codeltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefcakecsscake.generic.css gtcodep  pstrongcakecsscake.generic.cssstrong The path to this file is strongCxampphtdocscakeappwebrootcsscake.generic.cssstrong which is achieved by the above .htaccess code.p  pbut, if we add the DebugKit for example or any other plugin to cakephp the css files are rewritten as codeltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefcakedebugkitcssdebugtoolbar.css gtcodep  pstrongcakedebugkitcssdebugtoolbar.cssstrong The path to this file is strongCxampphtdocscakeappPluginDebugKitwebrootcssdebugtoolbar.cssstrongp  pI am searching for a em.htaccessem file which does this, but could not find one. What is the way that CakePHP has achieved this or one can achieve this.p
Negative 325 precodeltStyle xKeyScaleStyle TargetTypexType FrameworkElementgt         ltSetter PropertyRenderTransformOrigin Value0.5,0.5gt         ltSetter PropertyRenderTransformgt             ltSetter.Valuegt                 ltScaleTransform gt             ltSetter.Valuegt         ltSettergt         ltStyle.Triggersgt             ltDataTrigger BindingBinding IsShowing ValueTruegt                 ltDataTrigger.EnterActionsgt                     ltBeginStoryboardgt                         ltStoryboardgt                             ltDoubleAnimation From0.5 To1 Duration000.2 Storyboard.TargetPropertyRenderTransform.ScaleX gt                             ltDoubleAnimation From0.5 To1 Duration000.2 Storyboard.TargetPropertyRenderTransform.ScaleY gt                         ltStoryboardgt                     ltBeginStoryboardgt                 ltDataTrigger.EnterActionsgt             ltDataTriggergt             ltDataTrigger BindingBinding IsShowing ValueFalsegt                 ltDataTrigger.EnterActionsgt                     ltBeginStoryboardgt                         ltStoryboardgt                             ltDoubleAnimation To0.5 Duration000.1 Storyboard.TargetPropertyRenderTransform.ScaleXgt                             ltDoubleAnimation To0.5 Duration000.1 Storyboard.TargetPropertyRenderTransform.ScaleYgt                         ltStoryboardgt                     ltBeginStoryboardgt                 ltDataTrigger.EnterActionsgt             ltDataTriggergt         ltStyle.Triggersgt     ltStylegt codepre  pNow it always starts the second data trigger, while it should start the first one , because the actual value of IsShowing is True, untill i press close button, so i dont know why this is ignoring that value and it always fires the second datatrigger.p  pAny help would be appreciated. Thank you p
Negative 325 pSay I have a simple query to get all rows from a tablep  precodeAppmakeMyModelgtget codepre  pBut, I have a huge number of rows  say 100,000, so many that PHP runs out of memory trying to read them all in. p  pFor some reason I want to go through each of these rows, and do some operation based on them. p  pIs there any way to tell laravel to give me one row at a time, the way the old mysqlfetchrow workedp  pNote Im currently solving this by using limit commands to get 5000 rows at once, which works fine, except that it repeats the query 20 times.p  pstrongI want to know if there is any built in method in laravel or eloquent to give me the next row, instead of all rows strongp
Negative 325 pIm using the library StratifiedJS a hrefhttponilabs.comstratifiedjs relnofollowhttponilabs.comstratifiedjsa to construct an api database synchronous.p  pBut I am confused about how to include files.p  pAs the documentation says, I import the library this wayp  precodeltscript typetextjavascript srcjsstratified.js mainjsindex.sjsgtltscriptgt codepre  pMy index.sjs file have this codep  precodedb  requiremongo var data  db.findcollection itens codepre  pThi codefindcode method in the module mongo has this codep  precodeexports.find  functionparams       waitforvar rows           .getJSONdbfind, params, functionresult                   resumeresult.rows                     return rows  codepre  pWhen I access the db module through file index.sjs or via a script inside a tagp  pcodeltscript typetextsjsgt ... code .. lt scriptgtcodep  pthe code works perfectly. But when I try to access through a file of type codetextjavascriptcode behavior changes.p  pIn this case if I run the code below into a file code.jscodep  precodevar data  db.findcollection itens codepre  pThe data variable will not contain the returned data from base, beacause the code codereturn rowscode runs before the codegetJSONcode callback function to be executedp  pMy question is how do I then run the modules declared in sjs files in the javascript file type.p
Negative 325 pI want to ask how to append files in input type file multiple when a user selects images more than one time before uploading for example i selects 2 images and again i select 3 images second time before upload, the first two gets removed from input type file and last 3 images are still there i know its a default behavior of input type file that it replaces the new files with new selected ones but i want to keep all the files user selects multiple times before upload how is it possible i am using ajax and formdata but it is not working please help me. Thanksp
Negative 325 pI have to do statistics on the patient with medical visits, Im trying to use annotate, but I doesnt work, the way I want it. I need to get the member idA706900103 with the more medical visits.p  precodeconsultassub  consultasSubsecuentes.objects.annotatenumidcredencialCountConsultasbccredencial.orderbynumidcredencial[5] codepre  pI get thisp  precodeA706900103  A706900103  A703900101  A704505301  A704505301  codepre  pBut I only need the one with more visits and the number of visits.p
Negative 325 pHere i am trying to scale canvas background image dynamically.On click code.setbgimagescode i am setting up the canvas background image dynamically its working good and i have added button codechangescalecode on click this button i am trying to change the scale of canvas background image,after setting up the background image and when click the change scale button the entire canvas background image going to diapered.Give me some idea to do this.p  precode Here i am setting canvas background image  .setbgimages.clickfunction          var svgsrcthis.attrsrc      canvas.removebackground       fabric.loadSVGFromURLsvgsrc,          function objects, options               background  fabric.util.groupSVGElementsobjects, options             background.set                 left canvas.width2,                 top canvas.height2,                scaleY canvas.height  background.width,                 scaleX canvas.width  background.width,                 selectable false                           setBackgroundColorbackcolour              canvas.addbackground             canvas.renderAll             parent.elementtopopup.bPopup.close               Here i am trying to change scale of background image onclick event          document.getElementByIdchangescale.addEventListenerclick, function e        alertsdfsdfds          canvas.removebackground             background.set                 left canvas.width2,                 top canvas.height2,                scaleY canvas.height   background.width 150 ,                 scaleX canvas.width  background.width  150 ,                 selectable false                           setBackgroundColorbackcolour              canvas.addbackground             canvas.renderAll         codepre
Negative 325 pA quick question, does anyone know how to make a php script search a database for a record pertaining to the autocomplete search term if that makes any sense at all.p  pI guess what I am trying to say is that, when you search for something on Google and then you get the autosuggestions once you click on a suggestion the results for that suggestion shows straight away...Is there a way of doing thisp
Negative 325 pNot sure how to convert the following sql into a LINQ expression. My db does use referential integrity and table Content is related to table ContentTraining in a 1 to many relationship ex 1 content can have many contenttrainings.p  precodeselect c.ContentId, c.Name, ct.TrainingTypeId  from dbo.Content c left join dbo.ContentTraining ct on c.ContentId  ct.ContentId where c.ExpirationDate is not null order by ct.TrainingTypeId, c.Name codepre  pI have tried this, which seems to work. However, I am not certain about the usage of the let keyword.p  precodevar data  from c in context.Contents let ct   from t in context.ContentTraining where t.ContentId  c.ContentId select new  t.TrainingTypeId  .FirstOrDefault where c.ExpirationDate.HasValue orderby ct.TrainingTypeId, c.Name select new  c.ContentId, c.Name, ct.TrainingTypeId  .ToList codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to utilize BrowserStacks automated testing using ruby with Selenium WebDriver with Eclipse.p  pHere is the code im trying to runp  precoderequire rubygems require seleniumwebdriver   Input capabilities caps  SeleniumWebDriverRemoteCapabilities.new caps[browser]  IE caps[browserversion]  7.0 caps[os]  Windows caps[osversion]  XP caps[browserstack.debug]  true caps[name]  Testing Selenium 2 with Ruby on BrowserStack  driver  SeleniumWebDriver.forremote,   url gt httpxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxhub.browserstack.comwdhub,   desiredcapabilities gt caps driver.navigate.to httpwww.google.comncr element  driver.findelementname, q element.sendkeys BrowserStack element.submit puts driver.title  driver.quit codepre  pAnd here is the error im running intop  precodeUsersuser.rvmrubiesruby1.9.3p392librubysiteruby1.9.1rubygemscoreextkernelrequire.rb55in require cannot load such file  seleniumwebdriver LoadError from Usersuser.rvmrubiesruby1.9.3p392librubysiteruby1.9.1rubygemscoreextkernelrequire.rb55in require from UsersuserDocumentsworkspaceLowfaresiewintest.rb2in ltmaingt codepre
Negative 325 pBasically no matter what I enter when I call the function it says you have fled. I may just be overlooking something but I cant figure out what.p  precode    function attack  var battle  promptAttack of Flee if battle  Flee  flee      alertYou have fled       else if battle  Attack  attack     alertYou have attacked          codepre
Negative 325 pI am working on one simple java project which traverses through the specified directory and finds the redundant files. Everything except one thing is working fine, I am using JProgressBar to show the status of directory spanning. It is working just fine with other look and feels but, when I set my favourite Nimbus Look amp Feel, the progress bar is not showing the fill color of progress. I set the progress bar to paint the string along. The string is showing up3, 5.... I am new to look and feels in java.p  pCode I used to update the progress bar...p  precodeprivate synchronized void updateProgresslong length          prog  prog  lengthonePart          ifproggt100             prog  100          addLogintprog    completed.          SwingUtilities.invokeLaternew Runnable                       Override             public void run                  progress.setValueintprog                 progress.setStringintprog                  progress.updateprogress.getGraphics                        codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXDi4N.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pI coded an application to record users location periodically in the background. I used ActivityRecognitionClient. When activity is received it is compared to previous activity state and is recorded or not according to evaluation.p  pIts working as intended as long as my phone is awake. log messages appear periodically in LogCat view on eclipse Whenever screen goes off and device goes into stand by status it stops receiving activity recognition calls. On the other hand, I installed the app on my tablet too, and it keeps updating even the device goes into stand by status. My phone is General Mobile Discovery btwp  pIve been searching web including stackoverflow questions for 3 days and havent been able to find anything that works for me so far. Id appreciate any help... Thanks...p  pFollowing is my applications related codep  pAndroidManifest.xml some permissions are there even if not needed, they are probably leftovers from unsuccessful trials to fix the issuep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid packageorg.o3n.android.familywathcer androidinstallLocationinternalOnly androidversionCode2 androidversionName1.0.1 gt  ltusessdk     androidminSdkVersion8     androidtargetSdkVersion19 gt ltusesfeature     androidglEsVersion0x00020000     androidrequiredtruegt  ltpermission androidnameorg.o3n.android.familywathcer.permission.MAPSRECEIVE androidprotectionLevelsignaturegt ltusespermission androidnameorg.o3n.android.familywathcer.permission.MAPSRECEIVEgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSNETWORKSTATE gt ltusespermission androidnamecom.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READGSERVICES gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGE gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNET gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSFINELOCATION gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.RECEIVEBOOTCOMPLETED gt ltusespermission androidnamecom.google.android.gms.permission.ACTIVITYRECOGNITIONgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WAKELOCK gt  ltapplication     androidallowBackuptrue     androidicondrawableiclauncher     androidlabelstringappname     androidthemestyleAppTheme gt      ltmetadata         androidnamecom.google.android.maps.v2.APIKEY         androidvaluemaps api key gt     ltmetadata         androidnamecom.google.android.gms.version         androidvalueintegergoogleplayservicesversion gt      ltactivity         androidnameorg.o3n.android.familywathcer.MainActivity         androidlabelstringappname gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt     ltactivity androidlabelSettings androidname.SettingsActivitygt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameorg.o3n.android.familywatcher.SETTINGS gt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt      ltservice androidenabledtrue androidname.FamilyWatcherService gt     ltservice androidname.ActivityRecognitionService gt     ltreceiver androidname.StartFamilyWatcherServiceAtBootReceiver         androidenabledtrue         androidexportedtrue         androidlabelStartFamilyWatcherServiceAtBootReceiver gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.BOOTCOMPLETED gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltreceivergt ltapplicationgt codepre  pp  pStartFamilyWatcherServiceAtBootReceiver.java This receiver starts the FamilyWatcherService.java on device boot, also applications MainActivity.java class calls the FamilyWatcherService so it starts running when first installed.p  precodepublic class StartFamilyWatcherServiceAtBootReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver   private static final String TAG  o3nWatcherLog  Override public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent      Toast.makeTextcontext, StartFamilyWatcherServiceAtBootReceiver called, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show     Log.dTAG, StartFamilyWatcherServiceAtBootReceiver onRecieve      SettingsRetriever.getInstancecontext      Intent serviceIntent  new Intentcontext, FamilyWatcherService.class     context.startServiceserviceIntent       codepre  pFamilyWatcherService.java This service connects to ActivityRecognitionClient and registers a PendingIntend to be called with activity updates. When it works ActivityRecognitionService.onHandleIntend method is calledp  precodepublic class FamilyWatcherService extends Service implements ConnectionCallbacks, OnConnectionFailedListener   private int period  private static ActivityRecognitionClient arclient private static PendingIntent pIntent  private static AlarmManager alarmManager  private static PendingIntent alarmPI   private static final String TAG  o3nWatcherLog  Override public IBinder onBindIntent intent      return null   Override public void onCreate      Log.dTAG, FamilyWatcherService onCreate     period  SettingsRetriever.getInstance.getPeriod  60  1000   Override public void onDestroy      Log.dTAG, FamilyWatcherService onDestroy     ifarclientnull         arclient.removeActivityUpdatespIntent         arclient.disconnect        Override public void onStartIntent intent, int startid      Log.dTAG, FamilyWatcherService onStart     processStart   Override   public int onStartCommandIntent intent, int flags, int startId        Log.dTAG, FamilyWatcherService onStartCommand     processStart     return Service.STARTSTICKY      public void processStart      int result  GooglePlayServicesUtil.isGooglePlayServicesAvailablegetApplicationContext     if result  ConnectionResult.SUCCESS          Log.do3nWatcherLog, Google Play service is not available status  result            else         arclient  new ActivityRecognitionClientgetApplicationContext, this, this         arclient.connect        Override public void onConnectionFailedConnectionResult arg0      Log.do3nWatcherLog,Google activity recognition services connection failed   Override public void onConnectedBundle arg0      Log.do3nWatcherLog, FamilyWathcerService onConnected method called...     Intent intent  new Intentthis, ActivityRecognitionService.class     pIntent  PendingIntent.getServicegetApplicationContext, 0, intent,PendingIntent.FLAGUPDATECURRENT     arclient.requestActivityUpdatesperiod, pIntent   Override public void onDisconnected      Log.do3nWatcherLog, Google activity recognition services disconnected    codepre  pActivityRecognitionService.java This services onHandleIntent method is called by Activity Recognition updatesp  precodepackage org.o3n.android.familywathcer  import java.util.Calendar import java.util.Date import java.util.TimeZone  import org.json.JSONException import org.json.JSONObject  import com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult import com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesUtil import com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesClient.ConnectionCallbacks import com.google.android.gms.common.GooglePlayServicesClient.OnConnectionFailedListener import com.google.android.gms.location.ActivityRecognitionResult import com.google.android.gms.location.DetectedActivity import com.google.android.gms.location.LocationClient  import android.app.IntentService import android.content.Context import android.content.Intent import android.location.Location import android.os.Bundle import android.util.Log  public class ActivityRecognitionService extends IntentService implements ConnectionCallbacks, OnConnectionFailedListener   private String TAG  o3nWatcherLog  private Context context  private static int activityEvaluation  0  TODO MAKE THESE PREFERENCES private static final int MINRECORDDISTANCE  750 private static final int MINRECORDINTERVAL  10  1000  60 private static final int MINPOSTINTERVAL  2  1000  60 END MAKE THESE PREFERENCES  private LocationClient locationClient  private static Location lastRecordedLocation  private static int previousActivityCode  DetectedActivity.UNKNOWN private int activityCode  1000 private int activityConfidence  1000   public ActivityRecognitionService      superMy Activity Recognition Service   Override protected void onHandleIntentIntent intent      ifActivityRecognitionResult.hasResultintent         ActivityRecognitionResult result  ActivityRecognitionResult.extractResultintent         Log.iTAG, getTyperesult.getMostProbableActivity.getType t  result.getMostProbableActivity.getConfidence          this.context  getApplicationContext         Log.do3nWatcherLog, ActivityRecognitionService onHandleIntent called...          activityConfidence  result.getMostProbableActivity.getConfidence         activityCode  result.getMostProbableActivity.getType          Log.do3nWatcherLog,  ACTIVITY CODE    activityCode   ACTIVITY CONFIDENCE    activityConfidence           Evaluate the avtivity recognition result         evaluateActivityResult           Get current location          check Google Play service APK is available and up to date.         final int googlePlayServiceAvailable  GooglePlayServicesUtil.isGooglePlayServicesAvailablecontext         if googlePlayServiceAvailable  ConnectionResult.SUCCESS              Log.do3nWatcherLog, Google Play service is not available status  result                    else              locationClient  new LocationClientcontext, this, this             locationClient.connect                      This method is only used in a log line to have readable status in logs private String getTypeint type     iftype  DetectedActivity.UNKNOWN         return UNKNOWN     else iftype  DetectedActivity.INVEHICLE         return INVEHICLE     else iftype  DetectedActivity.ONBICYCLE         return ONBICYCLE     else iftype  DetectedActivity.ONFOOT         return ONFOOT     else iftype  DetectedActivity.STILL         return STILL     else iftype  DetectedActivity.TILTING         return TILTING     else         return     private void evaluateActivityResult       Based on previousActivityCode and current activityCode               assign a value to activityEvaluation      compare activityCode to previousActivityCode     activityEvaluation  ...      previousActivityCode  activityCode   private void actOnEvaluationLocation loc        Based on activityEvaluation decide to post or not      if  activityEvaluation ....          prepareTheLocationJsonAndRecordloc   private void prepareTheLocationJsonAndRecordLocation loc       Record the location   Override public void onConnectionFailedConnectionResult arg0      Toast.makeTextcontext, Google location services connection failed, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show     Log.do3nWatcherLog,Google location services connection failed   Override public void onDisconnected      Toast.makeTextcontext, Google location services disconnected, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show     Log.do3nWatcherLog, Google location services disconnected   Override public void onConnectedBundle arg0      Toast.makeTextcontext, Google location services connected, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show     Log.do3nWatcherLog, Google location services connected      Location loc  locationClient.getLastLocation     Log.do3nWatcherLog, location   loc.toString      if locnull         actOnEvaluationloc    codepre
Negative 325 pI just started using the ngAnimate library 1.2.13 and its breaking my DOM when I use the ngRepeat directive in combination with ngClass. There seems to be a conflict when ngClass adds or removes classes that trigger an existing transition not defined with the ngAnimate classes.p  pI have replicated the behaviour in the following Plunker a hrefhttpplnkr.coeditiw5st35cqp1GQeCxMhjj relnofollowhttpplnkr.coeditiw5st35cqp1GQeCxMhjja When you click one of the elements they get get focused. The class codedmfocusedcode is added to the element with ngClass and triggers a transition in height. When the focused element is removed it should disappear from the list but instead it glitches out and is stuck in the focused state.p  pThe only solution I could come up with is to set every ngAnimate class to codetransition nonecode for all of the existing classes that suffer from this glitch. But what if I do want to use transitions with both ngClass and ngAnimate I would also have to go through all of my application and add unnecessary styling just to prevent this unwanted behaviour.p
Negative 325 pI am strongunable to serve static contentstrong for development purposes using strongDjango1.6.2strongp  pstrongThere is no error messagestrong available to go with this.p  pI just end up with a 404 message on my browser and a 404 message in the dev serverp  precode[14Apr2014 165029] GET staticresourcecssbootstrap.min.css HTTP1.1 404 1697 codepre  pThis is my setupp  precodeINSTALLEDAPPS    django.contrib.admin,  django.contrib.auth,  django.contrib.contenttypes,  django.contrib.sessions,  django.contrib.messages,  django.contrib.staticfiles,    Django extra  django.contrib.webdesign,     All directories below have been checked and exist on disk. STATICURL  static MEDIAURL  media STATICROOT  os.path.joinSITEROOT, sitemediastatic MEDIAROOT  os.path.joinSITEROOT, sitemediamedia codepre  pContent of main urls.py filep  precodefrom django.conf import settings from django.conf.urls import patterns, include, url from django.contrib.staticfiles.urls import staticfilesurlpatterns  from django.contrib import admin  admin.autodiscover  urlpatterns  patterns,      ADMIN     urlradmin, includeadmin.site.urls,       HOMEPAGE     urlr, mainmodule.views.home, namehome    if settings.DEBUG     urlpatterns  staticfilesurlpatterns codepre  pDebug mode is turned on in settings.pyp  pI have also tried the django.conf.urls.static method in my urls.py file but i end up with the same problem.p  pMy static directory is not situated inside an app. I never had a problem with this and i cannot find any information regarding this on the official Django docsp  pI am able to run collectstatic with no problems.p  pURLS also resolve nicely inside my templates using  static ..... .p  pstrongRelevant threads i have looked into but havent helpedstrongp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22463205cantgetdjangotoservestaticfilesCan39t get Django to serve static filesap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22339166staticfilesondjango162STATICFILES on Django 1.6.2ap
Negative 325 pLet me start off by saying I have 0 knowledge in VBA, but it is something I really want to get into. I have following problem that I need your help to solve.p  pI need to have rows sorted by Identity and then by Date1. After sort is done, I want formatting to be applied where border is bold for group of rows based on same IDENTITY, like showed in example below. I think this should be quite basic and would help me reverse engineer to learn more about VBA. p  pthanks for your helpp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comSWO5Y.png relnofollowExampleap
Negative 325 pI am using ePDQ a hrefhttpsmdepayments.epdq.co.uk relnofollowhttpsmdepayments.epdq.co.uka as a payment service, and when Im trying to get the response for the payment, Im getting an email with this error Error in HTTP response  http result  1.p  pWhat does this error meanp  pThank you.p
Negative 325 pIve been learning java and trying out threading and using synchronizedlist.p  precodepackage Multithreading  import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.Collections import java.util.List  public class Main  public static void mainString[] args      ListltIntegergt list  Collections.synchronizedListnew ArrayListltIntegergt10     forint i0 ilt10 i         list.add0          Thread a  new Threadnew CardPickerlist     Thread b  new Threadnew CardPickerlist     Thread c  new Threadnew CardPickerlist     Thread d  new Threadnew CardPickerlist     Thread e  new Threadnew CardPickerlist     Thread f  new Threadnew CardPickerlist     Thread g  new Threadnew CardPickerlist     Thread h  new Threadnew CardPickerlist     a.start     b.start     c.start     d.start     e.start     f.start     g.start     h.start     int startTime  int System.currentTimeMillis     whileint System.currentTimeMillisstartTimelt10000           System.out.printlnlist.toString     package Multithreading  import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.List import java.util.Random  public class CardPicker implements Runnable  ListltIntegergt list public CardPickerListltIntegergt list2     this.list  list2   Override     public void run      Random rnd  new Random     int hold  rnd.nextInt10     whiletrue         list.sethold, list.gethold1         codepre  pSomehow the output gives me something likep  p[13289041, 13038238, 0, 13427372, 10113077, 13023511, 15722188, 0, 12728814, 0]p  p[12532173, 0, 0, 12254025, 12406768, 16276566, 12638446, 16651720, 0, 0]p  pWhere these 0s come from Thanksp
Negative 325 pI have the following row formats in a HTML page that converts prices from dollars to pounds or euros.p  precodelttrgt     lttd classsrpricegt     ltspan classsrpricesymbolgtltspangt     ltspan classsrpricevaluegt43.33ltspangt     ltspan classsrpriceoriggt72.85ltspangt     lttdgt lttrgt lttrgt     lttd classsrpricegt     ltspan classsrpricesymbolgtltspangt     ltspan classsrpricevaluegt46.99ltspangt     ltspan classsrpriceoriggt79.00ltspangt     lttdgt lttrgt codepre  pUsing jQuery, I need to change the contents of the class srpricevalue, using the contents of srpriceorig as a multiplier, with another value, for example 0.59 dollar to pound rate.p  pIm currently using the following code, but the problem is it uses the srpricevalue number  for the calculation, and thus the end result is that the number keeps reducing every time, if the user keeps switching between pounds and euros.p  precode.srpricevalue.textfunctioni,v      return v  0.59.toFixed2  codepre  pHow do I do the calculation using the srpriceorig value so that the user can convert back and forth each time, with no loss of valuep
Negative 325 pIm working on a GUI web application which basically consists of 3 tab containers that dynamically load different tabs based on server messaging Im using cometd. This is a chess gaming app, so, for example, when the server brings in a Game message, I need to create a game board and add it to one of the tab containers.p  pI figure I can use custom directives with some templating to neatly define the behavior of these different UI components but, is there a way to programmatically add them to the template Like, for example, adding a chessboard HTML tag and then makeing Angular compile it and linking to the directive at runtimep  pIs there any other good solution to this aproach Im also using Grids that update with lots of rows for games and user lists, other UI components like accordions, dialogs, so Im also looking for an Angular based UI framework.p  pThanksp  pEdited Heres the code sample HTML and Js.p  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml ngappmyAppgt ltheadgt     ltmeta httpequivContenttype valuetexthtml charsetutf8gt     lttitlegtAngular Test Applttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt     lth1gtAngularJS Testlth1gt      ltstyle typetextcssgt         .sectionwrapper               width 500px              height 400px              border 1px solid eee          .navtabs li              position relative                  .navtabs li .closetab              position absolute             top 0             right 0             fontfamily monospace             fontsize 15px             cursor default             padding 1px 4px                  .navtabs li .closetabhover              color fff             background red                  .navtabs li .detachtab              position absolute             bottom 0             right 0             fontfamily monospace             fontsize 15px             cursor default             padding 1px 4px                  .navtabs li .detachtabhover              color fff             background 666               ltstylegt      ltsection ngcontrollerLiveChessCtrlgt         ltdiv classsectionwrappergt              lttabsetgt                 lttab ngrepeatgame in chessGames  filterdetachedgt                     lttabheadinggt                          game.players.join vs                           ltspan classdetachtab ngclickdetachGamegame.gameIdgtDltspangt                         ltspan classclosetab ngclickendGamegame.gameIdgtXltspangt                     lttabheadinggt                     ltdiv id game.gameId gtltchessboardcontroller gameid game.gameId gtltchessboardcontrollergtltdivgt                 lttabgt             lttabsetgt          ltdivgt     ltsectiongt      ltbutton onclickjavascriptsimulateIncomingCometdMessagegtSimulate a New Game message coming from cometd serverltbuttongt      ltscript srcjsangularjs1.2.16angular.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjstestApp.jsgtltscriptgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pAnd heres the JS file demonstrating what Im trying to dop  precodevar app  angular.modulemyApp, []  app.controllerLiveChessCtrl, [scope, functionscope          var lastGameIndex  1         scope.chessGames            scope.newGame  function opts              opts  opts                var chessGame                   gameId chessboard  lastGameIndex,                 players opts.players,                 detached false                           scope.chessGames[chessGame.gameId]  chessGame             lastGameIndex                   scope.endGame  function gameId              delete scope.chessGames[gameId]                   scope.detachGame  function gameId              scope.chessGames[gameId].detached  true               TODO Add a modal dialog and inject the ChessBoard custom directive inside                   scope.newGame             players [Dummy, Game],             boardSize auto,             colorScheme metal,             chessBoardBorder false          ]  app.directivechessBoardController, functioncompile      return          template ltdiv idchessboard[[ gameId ]]gtltdivgt,         restrict E         Instead of writing a complete cometd implementation,   lets just say we handle incoming messages here var dummyGameMessages  [               players [John, Paul],         boardSize auto,         colorScheme metal,         chessBoardBorder false     ,              players [Bill, Lucy],         boardSize auto,         colorScheme graffiti,         chessBoardBorder false     ,              players [Joe, Danny],         boardSize auto,         colorScheme graffiti,         chessBoardBorder false      ] var curGameMsg  0  var simulateIncomingCometdMessage  function      var Game  dummyGameMessages[curGameMsg]      if curGameMsg gt 2         curGameMsg  0      TODO Reference LiveChessCtrl scope to programatically call newGame with the game information        more over, I have the issue that on certain occations, there are different stuff that I want included        in the same TabContainer. We now know that every thing I add to this container is a chessboardgame        directive, but what about if I want to add a grid with the list of games, for example  codepre  pNow in this sample were adding chessboardcontrollers to the tab container, but ideally, we should identify incomming messages from cometd and be able to add any type of controller, so the HTML markup used there and the declarative approach doesnt seem to be working, unless Im not correctly seeing the picture here.p  pId appreciate any helpp
Negative 325 pSo Im trying to build this simple incomplete C program in Visual Studio Express 2013 and I get the linker error unresolved external symbol strtok referenced in split.p  pThis confuses me since I was pretty sure my string.h include would include a strtok definition p  precodedefine CRTSECURENOWARNINGS  include ltstring.hgt include parser.h   char split char str[]      char delimiter[]        char result     char strArray[10]     int count  0      result  srtokstr, delimiter      while result          strcpystrArray[count], result         result  strtok0, delimiter           return strArray   void parse char cmdline      char commands  splitcmdline     printfsn, commands[0]  codepre  pAny ideas Thanks.p
Negative 325 pI want to create a graph using the neo4jclient ,  I have a dictionary that hold 2 kinds of object  documents ,list ,p  precodeDictionaryltDocument, ListltConceptgtgt codepre  pas you can see ,each document hold a list of concept ,a relationship must be between them documentlt[IN]conceptp  precode public void LoadNodeDictionaryltDocument, ListltConceptgtgt dictionary, GraphClient client      var d  dictionary.ToList     var t  dictionary.Values      string merge1  string.Format            MERGE source0  1row.Key.IdDoc , Document, Name     string strForEachDoc   FOREACH concept in row.Value       string merge2  string.Format             MERGE target0  1  concept.Name , Concept, Name     string merge3  string.Format              MERGE source[ r0 ]gttarget, Exist      client.Cypher            .WithParamcoll, d            .ForEachrow in coll                    merge1                     strForEachDoc                     merge2                     merge3           .ExecuteWithoutResults            codepre  pit takes times and Visual studio ran into a bizarre errorp  blockquote   pUne exception de premire chance de type System.AggregateException   sest produite dans mscorlib.dllp blockquote
Negative 325 pI am trying to get the textbox to fill up the entire width but I do not know how to do it. I am attaching a screenshot below I want the text box to fill up the entire container and be responsive as wellI mean adjust the width of the textbox automatically.there is a gap between the textbox and the advance search button. Also Im using bootstrap 2.2 if that can help.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comWh4Hq.png altenter image description here p
Negative 325 pI use two mercurial repositories, one for the current stable version and one for new development.  I accidentally developed a new feature inside the current stable repo and now I want to commit the changes to the new dev repo and emnotem to the current stable repo.  Is there a way to do this  I have not committed any of my changes yet.p
Negative 325 pI have a datatable element where I use a rowEditor. Additionally it is possible to add a new record which is implemented as inputFields in the footer of the table. All elements are validated. The problem is, that when a user hits the rowEditor the validation complains that the values for a new record are not set.p  pHow can I avoid that the new record fields are being validated when the rowEditor is clickedp  pI fiddled around a bit with proccess amp immediate on the ajax events but Im not able to figure this out. Is this possible and if yes, how Im thankful for help.p  precodeltpdataTable varcontact     valuedata.activeCustomer.contacts.toArray     idcontactsTable     emptyMessageivy.cms.coTranslationsAdministrationnoRecordsFoundSearch     editabletruegt      ltpajax eventrowEdit listenerlogic.onEditcontact gt     ltpajax eventrowEditCancel listenerlogic.onCancel gt      ltffacet nameheadergt                               ivy.cms.coTranslationsAdministrationContactslabelContacts                         ltffacetgt      ltpcolumn         headerTextivy.cms.coTranslationsAdministrationContactsprenamegt         ltpcellEditorgt             ltffacet nameoutputgt                 lthoutputText valuecontact.prename gt             ltffacetgt             ltffacet nameinputgt                 ltpinputText requiredtrue                     requiredMessageivy.cms.coTranslationsCustomerAdministrationValidationenterPrename                     valuecontact.prenamegtltpinputTextgt             ltffacetgt         ltpcellEditorgt         ltffacet namefootergt             ltpinputText requiredtrue                 requiredMessageivy.cms.coTranslationsCustomerAdministrationValidationenterPrename                 valuedata.contactPrename gt         ltffacetgt     ltpcolumngt      ltpcolumn         headerTextivy.cms.coTranslationsAdministrationContactssurnamegt         ltpcellEditorgt             ltffacet nameoutputgt                 lthoutputText valuecontact.surname gt             ltffacetgt             ltffacet nameinputgt                 ltpinputText requiredtrue                     requiredMessageivy.cms.coTranslationsCustomerAdministrationValidationenterSurname                     valuecontact.surnamegtltpinputTextgt             ltffacetgt         ltpcellEditorgt         ltffacet namefootergt             ltpinputText requiredtrue                 requiredMessageivy.cms.coTranslationsCustomerAdministrationValidationenterSurname                 valuedata.contactSurname gt         ltffacetgt     ltpcolumngt      ltpcolumn         headerTextivy.cms.coTranslationsAdministrationContactsphonegt         ltpcellEditorgt             ltffacet nameoutputgt                 lthoutputText valuecontact.phone gt             ltffacetgt             ltffacet nameinputgt                 ltpinputText valuecontact.phone                     requiredMessageivy.cms.coTranslationsCustomerAdministrationValidationenterPhone                     requiredtruegtltpinputTextgt             ltffacetgt         ltpcellEditorgt         ltffacet namefootergt             ltpinputText                 requiredMessageivy.cms.coTranslationsCustomerAdministrationValidationenterPhone                 requiredtrue valuedata.contactPhone gt         ltffacetgt     ltpcolumngt      ltpcolumn         headerTextivy.cms.coTranslationsAdministrationContactsemailgt         ltpcellEditorgt             ltffacet nameoutputgt                 lthoutputText valuecontact.email gt             ltffacetgt             ltffacet nameinputgt                 ltpinputText valuecontact.email requiredtrue                     requiredMessageivy.cms.coTranslationsCustomerAdministrationValidationenterEmailgt                     ltfvalidator validatorIdEmailValidator gt                 ltpinputTextgt             ltffacetgt         ltpcellEditorgt         ltffacet namefootergt             ltpinputText requiredtrue                 requiredMessageivy.cms.coTranslationsCustomerAdministrationValidationenterEmail                 valuedata.contactEmailgt                 ltfvalidator validatorIdEmailValidator gt             ltpinputTextgt         ltffacetgt     ltpcolumngt      ltpcolumn stylewidth 6         headerTextivy.cms.coTranslationsCustomerAdministrationactionsColumnTitlegt         ltprowEditor gt          ltpcommandLink styleClassuiicon uiicontrash             actionListenerlogic.deleteContactcontact             iconuiicontrash updatepcomponentcontactForm             immediatetrue gt          ltffacet namefootergt             lthcommandButton                 valueivy.cms.coTranslationsAdministrationContactsButtonAddContact                 actionListenerlogic.addContact gt         ltffacetgt     ltpcolumngt  ltpdataTablegt lthformgt codepre
Negative 325 pI have a table, codet1code, with columns such as codenamecode, codecode1code, codecode2code,..., codecode20codep  pThere are, say, 100K rows.p  pI have another look up table, codet2code, which has one column, codecodecode it has 10k rows and each row has a code. So, totally there are 10K codes in this 1column table.p  pI need to filter out all the rows in codet1code that have the codes in codet2code from any column, i.e. columns codecode1code to codecode20code. In other words, in each row in codet1code, once a column has one of the codes in codet2code, it should be captured. p  pIs there an easy way to do this Thanks a lotp
Negative 325 pIm trying to use codedefinemethodcode to create additional methods for classes inheriting from a superclassp  precodeclass Child lt Parent   ADDITIONALMETHODS  [xyz, qwe] end  class Parent   ADDITIONALMETHODS  [common]   ADDITIONALMETHODS.each do key     definemethod key do       ...     end   end end codepre  pThis doesnt work because ADDITIONALMETHODS is always taken from the Parent class and the only method created is codecommoncode. Is there a way to access the attribute from the derived class p
Negative 325 pBare with me on this, it might be pain to read this question.p  pI am building a GUI for an app whose API is still being worked on. I have an idea of how it will look but its not functional yet. I have to mimic its behaviour until its ready.p  pIm trying to do this with codehttpBackendcode. I set up my installation with a hrefhttpyeoman.io relnofollowYeomana. p  hr  h1Attempt to Installh1  pIm running Angular v1.2.6.p  pThe documentation gives me three ways of installing itp  ul liGoogle CDN at codeajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjsX.Y.Zangularmocke2e.jscodeli liBower via codebower install angularmocke2eX.Y.Zcodeli licode.angularjs.org codecode.angularjs.orgX.Y.Zangularmocke2e.jscodeli ul  pWhere codeX.Y.Zcode is my version number.p  pThing is none of those work. Google gives 404, and wont let me travel up the directories. Bower says no package available, and a 404 for code.angularjs.org. So I browsed code.angularjs.org and found that for 1.2.6, strongthere is no angulermockstrongp  pAnyway I did find a file at codehttpscode.angularjs.org1.2.6angularmocks.jscode which seems to have codehttpBackendProvidercode defined in it.p  pWhen I went back to my Yeoman install  it looks like I already had codeangularmocks.jscode installed.p  pSo, question 1 strongIs this what Im looking for to use httpBackendstrongp  hr  h2Attempt to Useh2  pSo I try to start using it in my projectp  precode Gotta manually run the app to check cookies app.run[cookies, location, rootScope, httpBackend, functioncookies, location, rootScope, httpBackend       Some stuff....      console.loghttpBackend  ] codepre  pAnd now my app wont start. I get the following error img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJsHc6.png altenter image description herep  pBut the app emdoesem show me the contents of codehttpBackendcode. I thought that maybe I should put it into a different module, but I dont know.p  pSo question 2 strongIs it normal that my app wont load once I throw httpBackend into the app.run callstrongp  pAnd question 3 strongShould I be putting my httpBackend stuff into a different module while Im testingstrongp  pAnd I guess lastly is strongIs this even the best way for me to test the APIstrongp
Negative 325 pI tried converting this function.p  precodeR1cat sysclassneteth1statisticsrxbytes T1cat sysclassneteth1statisticstxbytes sleep INTERVAL R2cat sysclassneteth1statisticsrxbytes T2cat sysclassneteth1statisticstxbytes TBPSexpr T2  T1 RBPSexpr R2  R1 TKBPSexpr TBPS  1024 RKBPSexpr RBPS  1024 echo TX 1 TKBPS kbs RX 1 RKBPS kbs codepre  pTo this in perlp  precodemy rx  cat sysclassneteth1statisticsrxbytes my tx  cat sysclassneteth1statisticstxbytes  my rx1  cat sysclassneteth1statisticsrxbytes my tx1  cat sysclassneteth1statisticstxbytes  my tb  tx1  tx my rb  rx1  rx  my kbs  tb  1024 my rbs  rb  1024 sleep 1 print kbs rbsn codepre  pBash script outputp  precodeTX eth1 10 kBs RX eth1 16 kBs TX eth1 10 kBs RX eth1 15 kBs TX eth1 10 kBs RX eth1 16 kBs TX eth1 9 kBs RX eth1 14 kBs codepre  pPerl script output p  precode0.158203125 0.212890625 0.22265625 0.14453125 0.052734375 0.072265625 0 0.072265625 0 0.140625 codepre  pAs you can see its not outputting what I think it should be, any help would be appreciated..p
Negative 325 pOkay guys here is the question. I have to list the department ID, department name, count of sales reps, and average commission rate for each department. Also I need to Group by department, and sort by average commission rate in ascending order.  p  pI am receiving an error at line 1 under the De.DeptID saying that is not a group by expressionp  pHere is my codep  precode SELECT DE.DeptID as DeptID, DeptName as DeptName, COUNTSR.SalesRepID as SalesRepCount,  CommRate as AvgCommRate    FROM DEPTarb DE, SALESREParb SR, COMMISSIONarb C  WHERE DE.DeptID  SR.DeptID AND  CommRate  SELECT AVGCommRate FROM COMMISSIONarb WHERE SR.CommClass  C.CommClass  GROUP BY DeptName  ORDER BY C.CommRate codepre  pI appreciate the inputp
Negative 325 pThere is a special character i want to input ,the middle point.p  precode   i want to input it in the R console,i paste it here,not input. codepre  pHow to input the character middle point in Rp
Negative 325 pI need to use codelibvlcvideosetcallbackscode and codelibvlcaudiosetcallbackscode or any other callbacks to strongoutput video and audiostrong in the needed box or widget.p  pI created the respective functions for these callbacks, but what code must be inside them for their work correctly I know that the site stronglibvlcstrong has a description of these functions, but for me it is not enough to understand, so I need an example on strongCstrong or on C, but without using of SDL as a hrefhttpswiki.videolan.orgLibVLCSampleCodeSDL relnofollowherea, or indeed understandable description for each function, including what parameters are needed and how to use them for video and audio playback.p  pVery need any helpp  pa hrefhttpswiki.videolan.orgLibVLCSampleCodeSDL relnofollowRef Linkap
Negative 325 pI currently have a web.config amp htaccess file in my root directory. They basically both contain the same information, is it okay to have them bothp
Negative 325 pSo I have this website that has 3 pages but instead of sending the user to the new page i hide the previous one and display the new one. On addition the elements in the new page are generated at the moment he clicks to navigate to the new page, therefore the url is always codewww.example.comcode so if the user tries to share the website it will share the homepage. is there a way to trace his steps and generate a certain link to link at his current pagep
Negative 325 pI am writing a node.js native bindings project and I am having some trouble debugging.p  pFirst, can anyone explain why the New function is being called in the require The js code being called is codevar Can  requirebindingsCANInterfacecode but results in an immediate exit with no errors. It shouldnt need to call New of the function yet, correct Second, why is my code crashing on the following line of the New functionp  precodecout ltlt Debug Creating new CNI ltlt endl  if args.Length  1 ltltltlt Crashes here ltltltlt     cout ltlt Error Invalid arguments length ltlt endl     return ThrowExceptionStringNewExpected one argument  codepre  pMy output only printsp  blockquote   pDebug Creating new CNIp blockquote  pand then immediately crashes with no errors or output.p  pFull code is available a hrefhttpsgithub.comtyduptyler13CANCar relnofollowherea.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to unmarshall XMl  POJO an object using JAXB. p  pXMLp  precodeltmyobjectgt    ltuniqueNamegtfooltuniqueNamegt    ltpropertyXgtblahltpropertyXgt ltmyobjectgt codepre  pJava classp  precodeXmlRootElementnamemyobject class MyObject     private String uniqueName    private String propertyX      getters, setters omitted  codepre  pUnmarshalling works, however in some cases I would like to make the unmarshaller to use an object which is created by me, based on the codeuniqueNamecode. Something like this pseudo codep  precode parse the uniqueName field first MyObject template  myObjectDAO.loadByNameuniqueName  result can be null if template  null     template  new MyObject    template.setUniqueNameuniqueName   carry on with other fields codepre  pCurrently I have solved this byp  ol liAlways using the default unmarshaller behaviour letting JAXB to create the template by using public no args constructor and parsing all fields.li liAttempting to load the object by codeuniqueNamecode and if object exists  copying over all fields using codeBeanUtils.copyPropertiesunmarshalled, loadedcode.li ol  pThe above works but is suboptimal.p  pQuestionsp  ul liIs there a way to solve this using standard JAXB techniquesli liIf not, would it be possible to solve this if the codeuniqueNamecode was known in advance before unmarshallingli ul  pp.s. codeuniqueNamecode is strongnotstrong an identifier at least in terms of Hibernate so using JAXBHibernate integration most likely wont work.p
Negative 325 pi have start learning prestashop not long ago, please guide me how do i create a new prestashop module in latest  prestashop 1.6. i have search lot but all i found  is help for the older versions of prestashopp
Negative 325 pAs the question states, I have some that compiles in leksah but does not compile using codeghc make filename.hscodep  pThe code p  precodemodule Main      main  where  pair a b  Pair a, b  newtype Pair a b  Pair a,b  deriving Eq,Show  instance Num a,Num b gt Num Pair a b where    Pair a,b  Pair c,d  Pair ac,bd    Pair a,b  Pair c,d  Pair ac,bd    Pair a,b  Pair c,d  Pair ac,bd    abs    Pair a,b  Pair abs a,    abs b     signum Pair a,b  Pair signum a, signum b     fromInteger i  Pair fromInteger i, fromInteger i  main  do                a lt return pair 1 3                print a             print haha               print 3.2               print [3,4,3]   codepre  pIs there an option I need to invoke to make it run with codeghc makecodep  pDisclaimer I did not make the a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma177680513024116pair newtypea.p  pEditp  pWhen using codeghc make Bignumber.hscode Bignumber.hs is the filename the output is p  precode[1 of 1] Compiling Main              BigNumber.hs, BigNumber.o   BigNumber.hs2013 parse error on input print codepre
Negative 325 pI have updated my Term Store in sharepoint 2013, but I am not getting this updated term store in my managed metadata column. I would like to know which timer job updates these term store in sharepoint 20102013p
Negative 325 pWe need to move our current TFS2010 installation to a new TFS2013 box but would like to have a testing period in which both instances are live before eventually sunsetting the TFS2010 instance. The TFS2013 instance would be used for testing only for the first few weeks.p  pJust prior to sunsetting we would again migrate the TFS 2010 data again to the TFS2013 instance to get the most recent changes.p  pThe TFS2010 cannot be upgraded in place to TFS 2013 as its on 32 bit OS and my preference would be to remain conservative and keep the current production TFS2010 instance untouched during the testing period.p  pI used the TFS power tools to back up the TFS2010 deployment to a share. [Excluding the reporting databases]p  pI installed TFS2013 on the new box but the TFSRestore Tool and the TFS Power Toold do not list the TFS 2010 backups when I navigate to the backup location folder.p  pMy plan was to follow the procedure below especially wrt the steps around cloning. a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms404869.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms404869.aspxap  pIm not too bothered about SSRS or Sharepoint migration. In SSRS we use only the default reports and have not customized much if anything  we would manually set up anything we need to in the new SSRS setup.p  pSharePoint is not used to the extent that it should be so we dont mind starting from scratch.p  pJust wondering what my options are.p  ol liUninstall TFS2013 on the new box, install TFS 2010 instead on the new box, restore [TFSRestore] from the production TFS2010 backups and then do an upgrade to TFS2013 on the new box. li liManually restore the TFS 2010 collection databases to the new box in SQL Server and in TFS 2013 Attach a collection  assuming it will upgrade.li ol  pWould appreciate some guidance especially from those of you that have done this before.p  pThanks in advance,p  pLiamp
Negative 325 pHow can I change my code so it could run on different queue then the main queuep  precode NSFetchedResultsController fetchResultController      if fetchResultController  nil                      return fetchResultController           NSFetchRequest fetchRequest  [[NSFetchRequest alloc] init]      NSManagedObjectContext context  [self managedObjectContext]      NSEntityDescription entity  [NSEntityDescription entityForNameRecipes     inManagedObjectContextcontext]      [fetchRequest setEntityentity]      NSSortDescriptor sortDescriptor  [[NSSortDescriptor alloc] initWithKeyheadline     ascendingYES]      NSPredicate predicate  [NSPredicate predicateWithFormatcategory  ,categoryToShown]      [fetchRequest setPredicate predicate]      NSArray sortDescriptors  [[NSArray alloc] initWithObjectssortDescriptor, nil]     [fetchRequest setSortDescriptorssortDescriptors]      fetchResultController  [[NSFetchedResultsController alloc] initWithFetchRequestfetchRequest managedObjectContextcontext sectionNameKeyPathnil cacheNamenil]      fetchResultController.delegate  self      return fetchResultController      codepre
Negative 325 pI am writing an codeHOSTcode app that uses Core Audios new iOS 7 Inter App Audio technology to pull audio from a single codeNODEcode generator app and route it into my codehostcode app. I am using the Audio Components Services and Audio Unit Component Services C frameworks to achieve this. p  pWhat I want to achieve is to establish a connection to an external node app who can generate sound. I want that sound to be routed into my host app and for my host app to be able to directly access the audio packet data as a stream of raw audio data. p  pI have written the code inside my codeHOSTcode app that does the following sequentially p  ol liSets up and activates an audio session with the correct session category.li liRefreshes a list of interapp audio compatible apps who are of typecodekAudioUnitTypeRemoteGeneratorcode or codekAudioUnitTypeRemoteInstrumentcode Im not interested in effects apps. li liPulls out the last object from that list and attempts to establish a connection using codeAudioComponentInstanceNewcodeli liSets the Audio Stream Basic Description that my host app needs the audio format in. li liSets up audio unit properties and callbacks as well as an audio unit render callback on the output scope bus. li liInitializes the audio unit. li ol  pSo far so good, I have been able to successfully establish a connection, but my problem is that my render callback is not being called at all. What I am having trouble understanding is how exactly to pull the audio from the node application I have read that I need to call codeAudioUnitRendercode in order to initiate a rendering cycle on the node app, but how exactly does this need to be setup in my situation I have seen other examples where AudioUnitRender is called from inside the rendering callback, but this isnt going to work for me because my render callback isnt being called currently. Do I need to setup up my own audio processing thread and periodically call codeAudioUnitRendercode on my node p  pThe following is the code described above inside my codeHOSTcode app. p  precodestatic OSStatus MyAURenderCallback void                        inRefCon,                                     AudioUnitRenderActionFlags  ioActionFlags,                                     const AudioTimeStamp        inTimeStamp,                                     UInt32                      inBusNumber,                                     UInt32                      inNumberFrames,                                     AudioBufferList             ioData        Do something here with the audio data       This method is never being called       Do I need to puts AudioUnitRender in here         voidstart              [self configureAudioSession]         [self refreshAUList]            voidconfigureAudioSession              NSError audioSessionError  nil         AVAudioSession mySession  [AVAudioSession sharedInstance]         [mySession setPreferredSampleRate graphSampleRate error ampaudioSessionError]         [mySession setCategory AVAudioSessionCategoryPlayAndRecord error ampaudioSessionError]         [mySession setActive YES error ampaudioSessionError]         self.graphSampleRate  [mySession sampleRate]            voidrefreshAUList              audioUnits  [].mutableCopy          AudioComponentDescription searchDesc   0, 0, 0, 0, 0 , foundDesc         AudioComponent comp  NULL          while true           comp  AudioComponentFindNextcomp, ampsearchDesc          if comp  NULL break          if AudioComponentGetDescriptioncomp, ampfoundDesc  noErr continue          if foundDesc.componentType  kAudioUnitTypeRemoteGenerator  foundDesc.componentType  kAudioUnitTypeRemoteInstrument               RemoteAU rau  [[RemoteAU alloc] init]             raugtdesc  foundDesc             raugtcomp  comp              AudioComponentCopyNamecomp, ampraugtname             raugtimage  AudioComponentGetIconcomp, 48             raugtlastActiveTime  AudioComponentGetLastActiveTimecomp              [audioUnits addObjectrau]                    [self connect]    voidconnect        if [audioUnits count] lt 0          return           RemoteAU rau  [audioUnits lastObject]      AudioUnit myAudioUnit      Node application will get launched in background     CheckAudioComponentInstanceNewraugtcomp, ampmyAudioUnit      AudioStreamBasicDescription format  0     format.mChannelsPerFrame   2     format.mSampleRate  [[AVAudioSession sharedInstance] sampleRate]     format.mFormatID  kAudioFormatMPEG4AAC     UInt32 propSize  sizeofformat     CheckAudioFormatGetPropertykAudioFormatPropertyFormatInfo, 0, NULL, amppropSize, ampformat      Output format from node to host     CheckAudioUnitSetPropertymyAudioUnit, kAudioUnitPropertyStreamFormat, kAudioUnitScopeOutput, 0, ampformat, sizeofformat      Setup a render callback to the output scope of the audio unit representing the node app     AURenderCallbackStruct callbackStruct  0     callbackStruct.inputProc  MyAURenderCallback     callbackStruct.inputProcRefCon  bridge void self     CheckAudioUnitSetPropertymyAudioUnit, kAudioUnitPropertySetRenderCallback, kAudioUnitScopeOutput, 0, ampcallbackStruct, sizeofcallbackStruct      setup call backs     CheckAudioUnitAddPropertyListenermyAudioUnit, kAudioUnitPropertyIsInterAppConnected, IsInterappConnected, NULL     CheckAudioUnitAddPropertyListenermyAudioUnit, kAudioOutputUnitPropertyHostTransportState, AudioUnitPropertyChangeDispatcher, NULL      intialize the audio unit representing the node application     CheckAudioUnitInitializemyAudioUnit  codepre
Negative 325 pIn my app, I have to continuously show status bar notification after some event is triggered. The status bar must glow in red rather than in default background. During that period,I am responsible for recording sound i.e. it is just like recorder but the instead of running in Activity, it will run on Service and the user is notified by blinking status bar in red. The user at any time can go the status bar and stop the recording.And the recording can carry on even when lockscreen is on. So is it possible to achieve this in Android and if possible could you give us some logic for this implementation.p
Negative 325 pI am making an xmlhttprequest to a node.js server. After the request the server contacts a remote server to perform the processing and returns the results to the browser. The problem is that when the processing takes a long time few minutes the browser makes a second request to the server. I have tried changing the timeout xmlhttprequest properties to something like 10 mins the processing takes less time that this, perhaps 4 minutes but I still get repeated requests this happens in chrome and firefox. Here is my http request code fd is a formdata objectp  precodevar request  new XMLHttpRequest request.onretry  function   alertRetrying...   request.onreadystatechangefunction      if request.readyState  4              document.getElementByIdprogressdiv.style.displaynone         document.getElementByIdclassifybutton.disabled  false         if request.status gt 200 ampamp request.status lt 300                      var res  JSON.parserequest.response              DISPLAY RESULTS                  else                      var res  JSON.parserequest.response             alertError   res.error                 request.onerrorfunction      document.getElementByIdprogressdiv.style.displaynone     document.getElementByIdclassifybutton.disabled  false      alertThere was an error contacting the server   request.openPOST, sendall, true request.timeout  600000  request.ontimeout  function   alertTimed out   request.sendfd codepre  pNote that none of the ontimeout, onretry or onerror functions get called. Could this be originating from before the function i.e. somehow in the call when the button is pressedp  pstrongFOUND THE PROBLEMstrong I cant answer my own question without waiting 8 hrs so heres the solutionp  pTurns out that the problem wasnt with the client it was with the node.js server. By default it times out the socket after 2mins so the request was being duplicated by the client. To change this addp  precode.onconnection, functionsocket      socket.setTimeout20  60  1000  set to a 20 min timeout  codepre  pto server.createServer see a hrefhttpnodejs.orgapihttp.htmlhttpservertimeout relnofollowhttpnodejs.orgapihttp.htmlhttpservertimeouta for more details.p
Negative 325 pI used PHPExcel to generate chart all things are correct but sometimes when i open the file it shows message indicate unreadable content when i click on yes button for repair is removed. Bellow is my code.p  precode    workbook  new PHPExcel     forsh  0 sh lt 2 sh                 ifsh  0                         sheet  workbookgtcreateSheetsh              sheet  workbookgtsetActiveSheetIndexsh             workbookgtgetActiveSheetgtsetTitlethisgtlanggtlinecorepBasedpos             sheetname  sheetgtgetTitle                   elseifsh  1            sheet  workbookgtcreateSheetsh             sheet  workbookgtsetActiveSheetIndexsh                   workbookgtgetActiveSheetgtsetTitlethisgtlanggtlinecorepBasedjloc               sheetname  sheetgtgetTitle                    elseifsh  2                         sheet  workbookgtcreateSheetsh             sheet  workbookgtsetActiveSheetIndexsh              workbookgtgetActiveSheetgtsetTitlethisgtlanggtlinecototalrep               sheetname  sheetgtgetTitle                    sheetgtgetTabColorgtsetRGBCC000          Set the page setting for easy print option          sheetgtgetPageSetupgtsetOrientationPHPExcelWorksheetPageSetupORIENTATIONPORTRAIT         sheetgtgetPageSetupgtsetPaperSizePHPExcelWorksheetPageSetupPAPERSIZEA4         sheetgtgetPageSetupgtsetFitToPageTRUE         sheetgtgetPageSetupgtsetFitToWidth1         sheetgtgetPageSetupgtsetFitToHeight0          Set the protection of work book and sheet          workbookgtgetSecuritygtsetLockWindowstrue         workbookgtgetSecuritygtsetLockStructuretrue         workbookgtgetSecuritygtsetWorkbookPasswordpAsSwOrD          Set sheet password protected          sheetgtgetProtectiongtsetSheetTRUE          sheetgtgetProtectiongtsetSorttrue            sheetgtgetProtectiongtsetInsertRowstrue            sheetgtgetProtectiongtsetInsertColumnstrue            sheetgtgetProtectiongtsetFormatCellstrue          sheetgtgetProtectiongtsetSelectUnlockedCellsfalse            sheetgtgetProtectiongtsetSelectLockedCellstrue            sheetgtgetProtectiongtsetObjectstrue            sheetgtgetProtectiongtsetPasswordpAsSwOrD            styleHeadings  array                                 borders gt array                                     allborders gt array                                         style gt PHPExcelStyleBorderBORDERTHIN,                                             color gt arrayargb gt DBDBB7,                                         ,                                     ,                                 font gt array                                     bold gt true,                                     size gt 20                                      ,                                 fill gt array                                     type gt PHPExcelStyleFillFILLGRADIENTLINEAR,                                     startcolor gt array                                         argb gt E9E9E9,                                     ,                                     endcolor gt array                                         argb gt E9E9E9,                                     ,                                 ,                                 alignment gt array                                 horizontal gt PHPExcelStyleAlignmentHORIZONTALCENTER                                 ,                                 ifthisgtmngauthgtgetlanguageen                      sheetgtsetRightToLeftfalse                   else                        sheetgtsetRightToLefttrue                   startheadRow  totalrows1         endheadRow  totalrows2          Make the chart area setting          j  B                fork  0 k lt coursecount k                         mk             col  j                        j  chrordjm                        totalstd  0         foreachcharttotalstdOfCourse as row                      ifrow[1] gt totalstd                              totalstd  row[1]                                  inputstring   col         basevalue     64         decimalvalue  26         columnindex   0         for d  0 d lt strleninputstring d                        take the ASCII value.             charvalue  ordinputstring[d]             charvalue  basevalue             charvalue  powdecimalvalue, strleninputstring  d  1             columnindex  charvalue                  create column for present          present  PHPExcelCellstringFromColumnIndexcolumnindex         echo coursecount..columnindex..endheadRow..present exit         ifcolumnindex lt 9                      present  J             columnindex  9                   End of chart area setting          sheetgtgetStyleA.startheadRow..present.endheadRowgtapplyFromArraystyleHeadings         ifsh  0                      sheetgtsetCellValueA.startheadRow,                        elseifsh  1                      sheetgtsetCellValueA.startheadRow,                         elseifsh  2                      sheetgtsetCellValueA.startheadRow,                        sheetgtgetStyleA.startheadRow..present.endheadRowgtgetAlignmentgtsetWrapTexttrue          Set mergeCells  start from 0          sheetgtmergeCellsByColumnAndRow0,startheadRow,columnindex,endheadRow         ifsh  0                      sheetgtfromArray                  courserep,                NULL,                B.startRownum                                elseifsh  1                      sheetgtfromArray                  coursejobLocBasedrep,                NULL,                B.startRownum                                  else                      sheetgtfromArray                      charttotalstdOfCourse,                    NULL,                    B.startRownum                                     ifsh lt 1                      labels  array               new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesString, .sheetname..C.startRownum, null, 1,               new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesString, .sheetname..D.startRownum, null, 1,                new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesString, .sheetname..E.startRownum, null, 1,                new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesString, .sheetname..F.startRownum, null, 1,                             find the end row number of data source because we write from A2 so A3 is the start of main data               categories  array               new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesString, .sheetname..B.categorystart.B.totalrows, null, 4,                             values  array               new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesNumber, .sheetname..C.categorystart.C.totalrows, null, 4,               new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesNumber, .sheetname..D.categorystart.D.totalrows, null, 4,                 new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesNumber, .sheetname..E.categorystart.E.totalrows, null, 4,                 new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesNumber, .sheetname..F.categorystart.F.totalrows, null, 4,                            series  new PHPExcelChartDataSeries               PHPExcelChartDataSeriesTYPEBARCHART3D,     plotType               PHPExcelChartDataSeriesGROUPINGSTACKED,     plotGrouping               array0,1,2,3,                                  plotOrder               labels,                                         plotLabel               categories,                                     plotCategory               values                                          plotValues                               elseifsh  2                            Total student chart              labels  array               new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesString, sheetname.Q.startRownum, null, 1,               new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesString, .sheetname..C.startRownum, null, 1                            find the end row number of data source because we write from A2 so A3 is the start of main data               categories  array               new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesString, .sheetname..B.categorystart.B.totalrows, null, 1                             values  array               new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesNumber, .sheetname..C.categorystart.C.totalrows, null, 1               new PHPExcelChartDataSeriesValuesNumber, sheetname.B.categorystart.B.totalrows, null, 4,                             series  new PHPExcelChartDataSeries               PHPExcelChartDataSeriesTYPEBARCHART3D,     plotType               PHPExcelChartDataSeriesGROUPINGSTACKED,     plotGrouping               array0,                                        plotOrder               labels,                                         plotLabel               categories,                                     plotCategory               values                                          plotValues                                                                                                           seriesgtsetPlotDirectionPHPExcelChartDataSeriesDIRECTIONCOL                 layout1  new PHPExcelChartLayout     Create object of chart layout to set data label          layout1gtsetShowValTRUE                            layout1gtsetManual3dAligntrue         layout1gtsetXRotation20         layout1gtsetYRotation20         layout1gtsetPerspective15                                                       layout1gtsetRightAngleAxesTRUE                                                       layout1gtsetShowPercentTRUE         layout1gtsetShowCatNameTRUE         layout1gtsetShowSerNameTRUE         layout1gtsetShowBubbleSizeTRUE         layout1gtsetShowLeaderLinesTRUE         layout1gtsetShowLegendKeyTRUE         image  baseurl.imageappreq.jpeg         header1  new PHPExcelWorksheet            header1gtsetHeaderFooterPHPExcelWorksheetHeaderFooteraddImageimage,A12         plotarea  new PHPExcelChartPlotArealayout1, arrayseries         titlename  thisgtlanggtlinecoreport..thisgtlanggtlinecoreportFrom.repsdate..thisgtlanggtlinecoreportto..repedate         echo titlename exit         title     new PHPExcelChartTitletitlename, null           title  new PHPExcelChartTitlenew PHPExcelRichTextnew PHPExcelCellA,1,Ttile Chart,PHPExcelCellDataTypeTYPESTRING,sheet         legend    new PHPExcelChartLegendPHPExcelChartLegendPOSITIONRIGHT, null, false         xTitle    new PHPExcelChartTitlethisgtlanggtlinecoursenames         yTitle    new PHPExcelChartTitlethisgtlanggtlinenostd         chart     new PHPExcelChart           chart1,                                        name           title,                                          title           legend,                                         legend            plotarea,                                       plotArea           true,                                            plotVisibleOnly           0,                                               displayBlanksAs           xTitle,                                         xAxisLabel           yTitle                                          yAxisLabel                     startofChart  endheadRow2                         chartgtsetTopLeftPositionA.startofChart         iftotalstd lt 20                                                 totalstd 20             present              echo totalstd exit              chartgtsetBottomRightPositionstringpresent.totalstd                                                           sheetgtaddChartchart               headerContentType applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet     headerContentDisposition attachmentfilenametraining report.xlsx     headerCacheControl maxage0      writer  PHPExcelIOFactorycreateWriterworkbook, Excel2007     writergtsetIncludeChartsTRUE     obstart     obendclean      writergtsavephpoutput codepre  pBut when i open the file it show message indicate unreadable content and when i click on yes button to repair,chart is removing. So for any help to solve this problem thanks. p
Negative 325 pI am using Greasemonkey to inject some Javascript code into a webpage that I want to autorefresh and automatically download interesting files from.  I have everything working other than the downloading of the file.  p  pI have found the interesting table cell that contains the download link. How do I follow that link to download the file I have FF set to always download the type of file to a directory on my drive.  p  pThe table cell contents look likep  precodelttd classrowhead aligncentergt lta hrefdownload.php576537O26A2051614.binpasskey5bb50ef2d99baebc29190291157a8b43gt [ ltbgtDLltbgt ]   ltagt lttdgt codepre  pI have no way of editing the webpage as it is a public forum.p  pThanksp  pADDED Code which almost worksp  precode skip first as it isnt valid var rows  mainTable[0].tBodies[0].rows for var row  1 row lt rows.length row      var cells  rows[row].cells     var Title  cells[1].innerHTML.toLowerCase      if IsTitleMatchAnyRuleRules, Title               this shows me the link which it will attempt to download         alertcells[3].querySelectora           This works for a single link in the whole page         location.href  cells[3].querySelectora           cells[3].addEventListenerclick,functione             var link  this.querySelectora                I never see this alert  commenting out doesnt download the link either             alertlink              location.href  link         ,false        codepre
Negative 325 pThrough a script I can collect a sequence of videos that codesearch listcode returns. The codemaxresultscode variable was set to 50. The total number items are big in number but the number of next page tokens are not enough to retrieve all the desired results. Is there any way to take all the returned items or it is YouTube restricted p  pThank you.   p
Negative 325 pIn few recent days I am facing using using google speech to text API in linux. Previously it works fine. but now there is not response from the server.p  pI am using the script below..p  precodewget q U Mozilla5.0 postfile sound.flac header ContentType audioxflac rate16000 O  httpwww.google.comspeechapiv1recognizelangenusampclientchromium  cut d f12  gt googleresponse.txt codepre  pAnyone facing same issue.p  pPlease help.p
Negative 325 precodefunction extractConnectstr,connecttype      connectarray  array     connectcounter  0     str  trimstr.       fori 0 iltstrlenstri          chr   str[i]         ifchrconnecttype          connecttype    or  etc             connectword  getConnecti,str             connectarray[connectcounter]  connectword             connectcounter                   ifemptyconnectarray         return connectarray       function getConnecttagindex,str            str  trimstr.      forj  tagindex jltstrlenstrj          chr   str[j]         ifchr              hashword  substrstr,tagindex1,jtagindex                             return trimhashword                  at  extractConnectstackoverflow is great. google.com is the best search engine, hash  extractConnectstackoverflow is great. google.com is the best search engine,  printrat printrhash codepre  pWhat this method does is it extracts codecode or codecode from a string and return an array of those words. e.g input codestackoverflow is great. google.com is the best search enginecode and outputs thisp  precodeArray  [0] gt google.com  Array  [0] gt stackoverflow  codepre  pBut it seems like this method is to slow is there any alternative  p
Negative 325 pI have a website, a hrefhttpexcellentgrib.com relnofollowhttpexcellentgrib.coma in Umbraco and the logo up left is loading perfectly as a .svg file. But when I click on any other link than FORSIDE frontpage then Modernizr will not change the image from .gif to .svg.p  pMy JQuery function isp  precodedocument.readyfunction event          if Modernizr.svg         logoimage.attrsrc, graphicsexcellentSystemslogo.svg       codepre  pFunny enough I have another script in my header with Modernizr, p  precodeltscriptgt     Modernizr.loadhttpexcellentgrib.comcssenhanced.css     Modernizr.loadhttpexcellentgrib.comcssresponsive.css ltscriptgt codepre  pThis is working fine.p  pAny help will be quite appreciatedp
Negative 325 pI am using a GA to evaluate a continuous function for a vector with approximately 40,000 variables. Currently I am using a population size of 200 where every member of the population has 40,000 variables. I am using 50 iterations. p  pWith these numbers, the GA is not getting me really close to the optimum solution. I was wondering if there is a way to determine the best population size and number of iterations for a vector of huge size 40,000 variables.p
Negative 325 pI have a expect script which opens an xtermp  pI figured out I need to use exec in order to open the xtermp  precodeexec xterm e ...here is an expect script also.. codepre  pWhile I see it is OK to use several command in my script but not in that xterm script.p  pAnd later on I found all current environment variables are not set in that xtermp  pWhy Used bash some much and never meet that problem before. How can I let the xterm inherit all environment variablesp
Negative 325 pI am trying to push a codeUIViewControllercode Called A from codeviewWillAppearcode OR codeviewDidAppearcode of codeViewControllercode Called B. Which is working fine.p  pBut when I am popping A... B doesnt push itA again Or I can say It is not showing its view ... But when I am trying same after disable AutoLayout for my codeStoryboardcode, It is pushing A again after popping.p  pI have 3 solutions to resolve this issue... But I dont know why this is happening. Any one please update me about this issue. Thanks in advance. p  pstrongWhen Auto Layout is enabledstrongp  precode                      ViewDidAppear    rootViewController gt demoViewController                     Push animationNO                          Button Press    demoViewController gt rootViewController                     Pop animationNO codepre  pemAs per code, rootViewController will push again demoViewController, But it is not showing demoViewController and navigationController is having demoViewController in its stack.emp  pstrongWhen Auto Layout is disabledstrongp  pemEverything is working as we are assuming.em p
Negative 325 pI have created info inside a PivotItem but for some reason the items do not scroll, Ive tried scrolling but it creates a sort of compressed effect and not scrolling down.p  pI have tried wrapping it with a codeScrollViewercode and also triedp  precodeltItemsControl.Templategt     ltControlTemplategt         ltScrollViewer VerticalScrollBarVisibilityVisible VerticalScrollModeEnabledgt             ltItemsPresenter gt         ltScrollViewergt     ltControlTemplategt ltItemsControl.Templategt codepre  pWith no luck  can anyone identify what could be wrongp  precode            ltPivotItem Headerunreadgt                       ltItemsControl  ItemsSourceBinding Categories gt                          ltItemsControl.Templategt                             ltControlTemplategt                                 ltScrollViewer VerticalScrollBarVisibilityVisible VerticalScrollModeEnabled BringIntoViewOnFocusChangeTruegt                                     ltItemsPresenter gt                             ltScrollViewergt                         ltControlTemplategt                         ltItemsControl.Templategt                     ltItemsControl.ItemTemplategt                         ltDataTemplategt                                                             ltDataTemplategt                     ltItemsControl.ItemTemplategt                 ltItemsControlgt              ltPivotItemgt codepre
Negative 325 pIve written a custom check codeMethodLimitCheck.javacode. I also have a custom configuration file codemyconfigurationfile.xmlcode which contains the followingp  precodemodule nameCheckergt      lt interfaces are limited to 10 methods gt     ltmodule namecom.mycompany.checks.MethodLimitCheckgt       ltproperty nametokens valueINTERFACEDEFgt       ltproperty namemax value10gt     ltmodulegt      lt normal classes are limited to 25 methods gt     ltmodule namecom.mycompany.checks.MethodLimitCheckgt       ltproperty nametokens valueCLASSDEFgt       ltproperty namemax value15gt     ltmodulegt    ltmodulegt ltmodulegt codepre  pHow do I get the checkstyle eclipse plugin to use this custom check If I reference the codemyconfigurationfile.xmlcode in Eclipse  window  preferences  Checkstyle it displays the errorp  precodecannot initialize module TreeWalker  Unable to instantiate    com.mycompany.checks.MethodLimitCheck cannot initialize module TreeWalker  Unable to instantiate        com.mycompany.checks.MethodLimitCheck codepre  pSo the plugin is not able to run my custom check using the configuration file that I give it. I dont know where to place the configuration file or the java check that I wrote. There are three different checkstyle folders inside program files  Eclipse  plugins.p
Negative 325 pIn my code Im retrieving user that is admin or user. On my table in aspx I have a th tag that i want to hideremove if the user is not admin.p  pHere is my html codep  precodelttable classtable tablestriped tablebordered tablehovergt    lttheadgt       lttrgt          ltaspLabel IDlblActionHeader runatserver Visible  lt UserIsAdmin gt gt             ltthgtActionltthgt          ltaspLabelgt          ltthgtName of Insuredltthgt     lttrgt     lttheadgt     lttbodygt     ltaspRepeater IDrptrList runatserver OnItemCommandrptrListItemCommandgt        ltItemTemplategt        lttrgt            ltaspLabel IDlblActionBody runatserver Visible  lt UserIsAdmin gt gt              lttdgt                ltaspLinkButton IDlnkEdit runatserver TextEdit CommandNameEditgt                                      ltaspLinkButtongt              lttdgt            ltaspLabelgt            lttdgt               ltaspTextBox IDlblName runatserver Textlt Bindname gt Enabledfalse CssClassmwrap smallgtltaspTextBoxgt            lttdgt         lttrgt      ltItemTemplategt     ltaspRepeatergt    lttbodygt codepre  pp  pin my code  behind i have this function that getting the user if its admin or not.p  precode public bool UserIsAdmin              bool bRet         bool.TryParseSession[isAdmin].ToString, out bRet         return bRet      codepre  pOn the Repeater it works but on the header it doest work.p  pIs there any other way to hide a  tag p
Negative 325 pHave a Rails app. All basic stuff Carrierwave etc.p  pAlso have a production server. Regular Ubuntu, with Unicorn.p  pTrying to upload a high resolution image like 10Mb JPG to Production  and it does not work. Error codeSomething went wrongcode a hrefhttpawesomescreenshot.com0a62vxi592 relnofollowhttpawesomescreenshot.com0a62vxi592a. But no errors show up in any of the logs. Like literally it says everywhere that everything is fine.p  pBut cant reproduce this problem on localhost. In other words  it works on localhost just finen with any image size.p  pDoes anyone know what I could do to fix itp  hr  pEdit Heres codenginx.confcodep  precode    clientbodyinfileonly clean     clientbodybuffersize 32K      clientmaxbodysize 300M      sendfile on     sendtimeout 300s      tcpnopush on     tcpnodelay on     keepalivetimeout 65     typeshashmaxsize 2048 codepre  pcodesitesavailablecode server p  precode  listen 80   servername devruck.us .devruck.us   root homeruckusappsdevruck.uspublic    location  assets      if requestfilename  ..eotttfwoff       addheader AccessControlAllowOrigin            gzipstatic on     expires max     addheader CacheControl public       tryfiles uriindex.html uri unicorn   location unicorn      proxysetheader XForwardedFor proxyaddxforwardedfor     proxysetheader Host httphost     proxyredirect off     proxypass httpunicornstagingruckus       errorpage 500 502 503 504 500.html   clientmaxbodysize 4G   keepalivetimeout 10  codepre
Negative 325 pSo I struggled a bit with Apaches codemodrewritecode, but finally managed to configureyes and understand itmaybe.p  pWhen the user goes to codeindexcode they are showed the codeindex.phpcode page and the browsers url is codehttpexample.comindexcode.p  pThe user can also go to codeindex.phpcode and the browsers url is codehttpexample.comindex.phpcode.p  precodeRewriteEngine On  RewriteBase  RewriteRule index index.php RewriteRule  index.php codepre  pSo my question is, how do I redirect a user from codeindex.phpcode to only codeindexcode using only the servers configurationp
Negative 325 pI have a a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiSinglyrootedhierarchy relnofollowsinglyrooted object hierarchya which each object has a pointer to its parent type. The root object is a moveonly class it has a move ctor and move assignment operator but no default ctor nor assignment. The problem is that I got invalidated pointers when the vector grows. Using a list instead is not a good solution for me.p  pIm looking for any solutions to change current design.p
Negative 325 pI am wanting to configure the data source for db2 on my wildfly server Wildfly.8.0.0Final and 8.1.0 as well. and am running into some problems doing so.p  pMy research tells me this is a two step processp  ol liinstall the drivers as a module in the JBOSSHOMEmodulescomibmmain dir.li liconfigure the datasources subsystem to include this module as a driver in your connection settings.li ol  pSo far I have installed the module under the following structure with the following module.xmlp  precodemodules  com      ibm          main              db2jcc4.jar              db2jcclicensecu.jar              db2jcclicensecisuz.jar              module.xml  ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltmodule xmlnsurnjbossmodule1.3 namecom.ibmgt     ltresourcesgt         ltresourceroot pathdb2jcc4.jargt         ltresourceroot pathdb2jcclicensecu.jargt         ltresourceroot pathdb2jcclicensecisuz.jargt     ltresourcesgt     ltdependenciesgt         ltmodule namejavax.apigt         ltmodule namejavax.transaction.apigt         ltmodule namesun.jdkgt     ltdependenciesgt ltmodulegt codepre  pThere is no space before the codelt...gtcode in the xml file. the module name is com.ibm and the datasource is as followsp  precodeltsubsystem xmlnsurnjbossdomaindatasources2.0gt     ltdatasourcesgt         ltdatasource jndinamejavajdbcMyDS poolnameMyDS enabledtrue usejavacontexttruegt             ltxadatasourceproperty nameServerNamegtmyIPltxadatasourcepropertygt             ltxadatasourceproperty namePortNumbergt1234ltxadatasourcepropertygt             ltxadatasourceproperty nameDatabaseNamegtMyDBltxadatasourcepropertygt             ltxadatasourceproperty nameDriverTypegt4ltxadatasourcepropertygt             ltdrivergtibmdb2ltdrivergt             ltpoolgt                 ltminpoolsizegt0ltminpoolsizegt                 ltmaxpoolsizegt50ltmaxpoolsizegt             ltpoolgt             ltsecuritygt                 ltusernamegtbobltusernamegt                 ltpasswordgtisyouruncleltpasswordgt             ltsecuritygt             ltvalidationgt                 ltvalidconnectionchecker classnameorg.jboss.jca.adapters.jdbc.extensions.db2.DB2ValidConnectionCheckergt                 ltstaleconnectionchecker classnameorg.jboss.jca.adapters.jdbc.extensions.db2.DB2StaleConnectionCheckergt                 ltexceptionsorter classnameorg.jboss.jca.adapters.jdbc.extensions.db2.DB2ExceptionSortergt             ltvalidationgt         ltdatasourcegt         ltdriversgt             ltdriver nameibmdb2 modulecom.ibmgt                 ltxadatasourceclassgtcom.ibm.db2.jcc.DB2XADatasourceltxadatasourceclassgt             ltdrivergt         ltdriversgt     ltdatasourcesgt ltsubsystemgt codepre  pThe loading up of the server produces this errorp  precode124901,228 ERROR [org.jboss.as.controller.managementoperation] ServerService Thread Pool  9 JBAS014613 Operation add failed  address [     subsystem gt datasources,     jdbcdriver gt ibmdb2 ]  failure description JBAS010441 Failed to load module for driver [com.ibm] codepre  pWhich in turn causes my datasource declaration to fail loading as the driver is missing.p  pI am using a hrefhttpscommunity.jboss.orgthread202025sscct relnofollowolder documentationa as a guide because there doesnt seem to be any available for wildfly as yet. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3988059creatingxadatasourcetodb2onjbossthis documentationa shows some promise but it seems a little out of date. If anyone has had any experience setting this up then Your help would be much appreciated.p  pI want to connect to strongDB2 9.7strong.p  pPlease and thank you.p
Negative 325 pI have a situation where I have to create a Company with employees and every employee is into a Department. After that I must display every employees from every Department. ex if emp1 is in Economy department, emp2 is in Economy, and emp3 is in Management . I need to display Economy Department  emp1 emp2, and Management Department  emp3 .p  pFirst time I create a array with departments .p  precodeString[] deps  Economy, Management ArrayListltEmployeegt emps  new ArrayListltgt  emp1  new Employeefistname,lastname,deps[1] deps[1]  Management  forEmployee e  emps      ife.getDepartment  deps[1]         System.out.printlne   codepre  pAnd this is not working. And someone told me that I have to use Set or HashSet for departments array.p
Negative 325 pI am creating an instance through the cloud formation script.p  pThe only way I found to attach an OS partition was through BlockDeviceMappings property. Ive tried to use Volumes property before, but the instance could not be mounted, the system told me that devsda was already mapped and rolled back the instance creationp  pHere is the relevant portion of my templatep  precode  Resources         Ec2Instance             Type  AWSEC2Instance,       Properties                 BlockDeviceMappings          [           DeviceName  devsda,           Ebs                         VolumeSize   Ref  RootVolumeSize ,             SnapshotId               FnFindInMap  [ RegionMap,                Ref  AWSRegion , RootVolumeSnapshotId ]                                 ],         ...               codepre  pMy question is, how can I tag the Ebs volume, that I am creating here with BlockDeviceMappings property  I did not find the obvious solution.p  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI am referring to the following url in order to achieve my functionality.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions15544996isthereawaytodetectwhentheuserhaschangedtheclocktimeontheirdevicIs there a way to detect when the user has changed the clock time on their deviceap  pI want this functionality for the offline mode within my application. But it seems that even if I revert back to the original time, it triggers the broadcast. p  pIs there any fix for the samep
Negative 325 pI am having trouble with my TinyMCE text editor in IE9.p  pFor some reason when I submit my changes php the html tags are all stripped out when I use IE9.p  pAs far as I can tell all other browsers are fine, but I need to make it work with IE9 not worried about earlier versionsp  pHeres my code. The formatting is fine up to the point of saving  it updates the textarea content on keypress.p  precodeltdiv classmyDivgt     ltinput typehidden nametextblockid value123gt     lttextarea idtextblockdata nametextblockdata gtlttextareagt ltdivgt  ltscriptgt  var myFont  UbuntuUbuntuComic Sans MSComic Sans MS,Architects Daughter,sansserifArialarial,helvetica,sansserifBook Antiquabook antiqua,palatinoCourier Newcourier new,courier,monospaceGeorgiageorgia,palatinoHelveticahelveticaTahomatahoma,arial,helvetica,sansserifTimes New Romantimes new roman,timesTrebuchet MStrebuchet ms,genevaVerdanaverdana,geneva ifnavigation.websitecms.length      var myCss  assetscsscmstinymce.css     var myCss  cmsmanagegetdefaultfont  else      ifwrapper.primary.length          var myCss  assetscsstinymce.css      else          var myCss  assetscsstinymcesecondary.css        function     tinymce.init         selector textblockdata,         plugins link textcolor paste,  add  table if needed         pasteautocleanuponpaste  true,         pasteretainstyleproperties ,         menubar  false,         statusbar false,         toolbar1 bold italic underline,         setup functioneditor              editor.onchange, functione                      textblockdata.htmleditor.getContent                      ,         forcedrootblock  false           textblockdata.closest.modal.onhidden, function         tinymce.removetextblockdata        ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 325 pI am trying to figure out how I can create a text verification box which is suppose to appear when a button is clicked and after the user must enter a certain value and if this value is correct the button should continue to do its normal functionality. p  pThis is my codep  precodeltdiv idtextocupon classpanelbotoncanjeargt   ltphp      if comprobarCanjear  1  comprobarCanjear  2  comprobarCanjear  3    gt   ltinput disableddisabled idcanjear classbtn typebutton valueltphp echo JTextCOMCUPHONEOBOTONCANJEAR gt dataidltphp echo valorgtitemid gt datacodigoltphp echo valuegtvalue gt gt   ltphp       elseifcomprobarCanjear  4    gt   ltinput idcanjear classbtn btninfo typebutton valueltphp echo JTextCOMCUPHONEOBOTONCANJEAR gt dataidltphp echo valorgtitemid gt datacodigoltphp echo valuegtvalue gt gt   ltphp         gt ltdivgt codepre  pInside the following codeelseifcomprobarCanjear  4code is where the button appears and when this button is clicked on a text box should appear. p  pThis button is calling an ajax code found belowp  precodeltscriptgt jQueryfunction     jQuerycanjear.clickfunctione         ifthis.tagNameA             e.preventDefault                   jQuery.ajax             url index.phpoptioncomcuphoneoamptaskmiscuponess.canjearCupon,             type POST,             data idjQuerythis.dataid, codigojQuerythis.datacodigo             success window.location.href  index.phpoptioncomcuphoneoampviewmiscuponessamplayoutdefault                ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 325 pI have a list of objects that have two attributes codefirstnamecode and codelastnamecode. I want to be able to sort the names first by the codelastnamecode and then by codefirstnamecode.p  pFor example, if sorting codeJohn Jamescode and codeAndrew Jamescode, I want Andrew first and John second. I followed a hrefhttpgoo.glegWLSE relnofollowthisa and used the codesortcode functionp  precodetry     import operator     except         cmpkey  lambda x x.lastname         cmpkey2  lambda x x.firstname     else         cmpkey  operator.attrgetterlastname         cmpkey2  operator.attrgetterfirstname      searchresult.sortkeycmpkey, reverseFalse     searchresult.sortkeycmpkey2, reverseFalse codepre  pBut when I have two objects like the followingp  ol liNikos Galisli liNigel Reynoldsli ol  pIf I use the code above it shows Nigel first because Nigel comes before Nikos which is not what I wanted. I guess the above code would work in the case that when we have the same lastname in both objects, but It doesnt work as I want to when the objects are different. Is there a solution for thatp
Negative 325 pI am new to Yii framework, this may be a stupid question. I spent some time to resolve this but couldntp  pI downloaded dcclassied script from a hrefhttpcode.google.compdclassifiedsfreephpclassifiedsscript relnofollowherea. Its working fine. p  pThen I integrated a hrefhttpwww.yiiframework.comextensionyiiusermanagement relnofollowYiiusermanagementa extensionp  pThis also work fine, if I access direct with URL. But here I want to merge both in one. So that both will use same theme. I tried to include widget in view file   p  precodevarwwwhtmldclassifiedsthemesbasicviewssiteindextpl.php codepre  phowever the following is not working.p  precodelt thisgtwidgetapplication.modules.user.components.LoginWidget gt  codepre  pI am getting following error strongincludeYumUserLogin.php failed to open stream No such file or directorystrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comEehTR.png altenter image description herep  pcan anyone help me herep
Negative 325 pI recently started developing a new cocos2d game which popped in my mind and it seems that Im facing some really frustrating problems. I dont wanna rumble and post along with the question a lot of unnecessary information. I could though, if you think it help you to understand my case.p  pAnyway lets jump in. If any of the questions Im asking is possible to be resolved then my problems are solved automatically at once, heres an array of questions which could all work for my case.p  p1 Is there any possible way to detect collisions between sprites only on the colouredtextured areas when the image is png formatted through box2d or something similar and quite easy Sort of an action similar top  precodeifCGRectIntersectsRectsprite1.boundingBox, sprite2.boundingBox codepre  p2 Is there any way to keep a sprite rotating on a limited 360 angle movement and at 360 always go to 0 again Please do not suggest using this on an update method.. The following code keeps screwing up my actions when its resuming.p  precodeif sprite.rotation gt 360  [sprite pauseSchedulerAndActions]  sprite.rotation  0  [sprite resumeSchedulerAndActions]  codepre  p3 Hmm lastly is there a way to increase the sprites anchorpoint with an action along with a duration Kinda like thatp  precode[sprite runAction[CCIncreaseAnchorPoint actionWithDurationccTime anchorpointfloat]] codepre  pIve never done anything with anchorpoints and it feels really weird that Im having those annoying issues. Also I should add that I have a pretty good knowledge of the cocos2d framework but Im not a real expert when it comes on coding random stuff with declarations. Thats why if you have an idea in mind please try to explain it a bit carefully because else I might get confused, unless of course its a 12 code thing.p  pThanks in advance for reading this and trying to provide me some help.p
Negative 325 pI am using PhoneStateListener and overriding onCallStateChanged function. B called A .. I could observe the incoming number being passed to onCallStateChanged. state here is CALLSTATERINGING .. after call is accepted..we go to CALLSTATEOFFHOOK state. C called A .. I could observe the incoming number being passed to onCallStateChanged function. I could observe  CALLSTATERINGING and after the call is accepted.. we go to CALLSTATEOFFHOOK. Now we swapped the call to B and we ended the call with B.p  pI would like to find out which among the two calls ended.  I wouldnt be able to use the CALLSTATEIDLE here to track it because, there is another active call in progress whent he call ended. CALLSTATEOFFHOOK wouldnt serve my purpose.  Please guide me how to proceed tacking this problem.p
Negative 325 pIm referring here to the page a hrefhttpsnixos.orgwikiHaskellLocaluseviaNixpkgsconfig relnofollowHaskell  Nix Wikia, both the heading codeLocal use via Nixpkgs configcode and codeSystemwide use via NixOS configcode.p  pHere are the steps to replicate the problem I download the NixOS14.04 virtual appliance, load it in Virtual box, and try the Systemwide use, so that my codeconfiguration.nixcode is p  precode config, pkgs, ...      imports  [ ltnixosmodulesinstallervirtualboxdemo.nixgt ]    environment.systemPackages  [        other system packages       pkgs.haskellPackages.ghcWithPackages self  [         self.haskellPlatform     ]   ]  codepre  pThis is the output of a hrefhttplpaste.net105842 relnofollowcodenixosrebuild test showtrace vcodeap  pWhen I try the local option setting code.nixpkgsconfig.nixcode, here is the output of a hrefhttplpaste.net105844 relnofollowcode nixenv iA nixos.pkgs.hsEnvcodea.p  pThe errors seem to me very similar, and so I suspect there may be an error in codeghcWithPackagescode .nix expression. Do you have any suggestionp
Negative 325 pI have codeUITableViewcode which use custom cells. In total 5 different type of cell identifier.p  pI nib file related  CustomCell code.hcode and code.mcode file. Which provide several label and images.p  pIn storyborad I have created 5 codeUITableViewCellcode and subclass with this codeCustomCell.hcode but with different identifier. Every cell may use some label or image from codeCustomCell.hcodep  pEverytime I use code[self.tableview reloadData]code It create new cell in memorry.p  pCustomeCell can not dequeue which leads to Low memory and Eventually app crash. IS this correctp  pstrongEvery time code[self.tableview reloadData]code called, new cell added to memory instead of reusing them. How do I release older cellstrongp  pstrong[UPDATE with images]strongp  hr  pIn View controller Table view with customer cell with different Identifierp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comr4cxV.png altenter image description herep  pOne of them is like below. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXh2CE.png altenter image description herep  pTableView Row p  precode UITableViewCell tableViewUITableView tableView cellForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath      NSString identifier  [self calculateIdentifierindexPath.row] This will retrun Identifier LabelCell etc.      ControlCell cell  ControlCell [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifieridentifier]      cell.questionLabel.text  [self calculateQueindexPath.row]     cell.answerLabel.text  [self calculateAnsindexPath.row]      return cell  codepre
Negative 325 pI have a downloaded production database with an empty MigrationHistory table contents were accidentally deleted.p  pI have an updated code model in my development environment with no previous migrations.p  pIn other words, theres a mismatch between the downloaded production DB schema and the dev environment code model  and no history between them.p  pHow do I scaffold a codefirst migration or get the SQL to update the production database to the new modelp  pI have tried the following, as per the suggestions a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenusdatadn579398.aspx relnofollowhereap  ol liEnabling migrations in my project codeEnableMigrationscodeli liAdding an empty migration codeAddMigration InitialCreate IgnoreChangescodeli liApplying this migration codeUpdateDatabasecodeli ol  pThis results in a row being added to the MigrationHistory table.p  pHowever, EF seems to think that this means that the current code model matches the database schema which, of course, it doesnt.p  pIf I try adding a new migration codeAddMigration UpdatedModelcode, this migration comes out empty, which it shouldnt since the code model and the database do not match.p  pHow can I get a codefirst migration or the SQL that reflects the changes between the code model and the database schema If I try doing codeAddMigration InitialCreatecode without the codeIgnoreChangescode flag I get the whole database created from scratch, correctly reflecting the code model, but I want the changes.p
Negative 325 perror with numpy array on x heres the codep  precodeimport numpy as np  111 x  np.array[[20, 20]           [20, 20]] n13int43 111 typex lttype numpy.ndarraygt 111 x.shape 56, 43 111 x.dtype dtypeinto. codepre  pand the errorp  precode  File testme.py, line 3     111 x  np.array[[20, 20]          SyntaxError invalid syntax codepre
Negative 325 pIm making a simple database query that returns several images. These images are stored in a php variable, with a javascript gallery showing one image at a time and using onclick function to run though the images. Its not working, please helpp  pMy database query returns the images, each put into a variable. Variables then put into an array because I thought it should be easier to run through an arrayp  precode    img1        row[img1] img2        row[img2] img3        row[img3]  images  arrayimg1,img2,img3 codepre  pon the page itself the gallery section shows the first image finep  precodeltdiv idshowImagegt ltimg src  ltphp echo images[0] gt idgallerygt ltdiv idrightHoldergtltimg onClickGallery1 srcimagesarrowright.pnggtltdivgt ltdiv idleftHoldergtltimg onClickGallery1 srcimagesarrowleft.pnggtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pbut the javascript wont up date the array key for images onclick, so my second image is not loaded. p  precodevar imageCount  1 var totalImage  3  function Galleryx  var image  document.getElementByIdgallery imageCount   imageCount  x ifimageCount gt totalImageimageCount  1 ifimageCount lt 1imageCount  totalImage image.src  ltphp echo images[ imageCount ]gt  codepre
Negative 325 pi used this code to get all Active Session in my asp.net Website, each user when login to my website will have  codeSession[ID]code , codeIDsListcode in code below will be something like code1,12,30,100,code that those numbers are active users IDs. my code works Fine on localhost but when i run my website on a windows Server 2008, it dose not workS. what should i do p  precode  object obj  typeofHttpRuntime.GetPropertyCacheInternal, BindingFlags.NonPublic  BindingFlags.Static.GetValuenull, null         object[] obj2  object[]obj.GetType.GetFieldcaches, BindingFlags.NonPublic  BindingFlags.Instance.GetValueobj         for int i  0 i lt obj2.Length i                      Hashtable c2  Hashtableobj2[i].GetType.GetFieldentries, BindingFlags.NonPublic  BindingFlags.Instance.GetValueobj2[i]             foreach DictionaryEntry entry in c2                              object o1  entry.Value.GetType.GetPropertyValue, BindingFlags.NonPublic  BindingFlags.Instance.GetValueentry.Value, null                 if o1.GetType.ToString  System.Web.SessionState.InProcSessionState                                      SessionStateItemCollection sess  SessionStateItemCollectiono1.GetType.GetFieldsessionItems, BindingFlags.NonPublic  BindingFlags.Instance.GetValueo1                     if sess  null                                              if sess[ID]  null                                                    IDsList  sess[ID]  ,                                                                                      codepre
Negative 325 pThe stories page is userspecific and requires valid login credentials.p  pValidation is accounted for with node, serverside, and properly logs before the redirect, but does not redirect to the stories page..p  pThis seems to be because a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11570301resredirectfrompostYou cant make a redirection after an AJAX. You need to do it yourself in Javascripta, but the code in the first answer to this question seems somewhat incomplete..for the succcess call..p  pAlso, how can a subsequent function refreshStories be called on success after the redirectp  pHeres the AJAXp  precodeif loginUsername.length  0    console.logthere is a login   loginUsername      make an ajax call     .ajax     dataType json,     data AjaxLoginData,     type post,       urlhttplocalhost4200apiv1users,       success data, textStatus, jqXHR gt           if typeof data.redirect  string               window.location  data.redirect       success refreshStories,       error foundError      codepre  pNode.js  Express4p  precoderouter.routeusers       log in a user accessed at POST httplocalhost4200apiv1users     .postfunctionreq, res         var username  req.body.loginUsername       var password  req.body.loginPassword        authenticateUserusername, password, functionerr, user       console.logauthenticate user..         if user            console.logyes user            subsequent requests will know the user is logged in           req.session.username  user.username           console.logset session username to   req.session.username             res.redirectstories                 res.sendredirect stories           console.loguser logged in .. redirect to stories           else            console.loguser authentication badCredentials error..           res.renderindex, badCredentials true                      codepre
Negative 325 pI have a database codebonds.dbcode which I would like to import as an alternative database. My default database is codedatabase.sqlite3code. My problem is that I cant import codebonds.dbcode unless I set it as my default database.p  pI import it by typing codepython manage.py inspectdb databasebondscode, and I paste the output into the codemodels.pycode of a new app that I created. Then I type codepython manage.py syncdb databasebondscode. This works flawlessly if bonds is the default database, but Django imports an empty database if codebonds.dbcode is not the default database. p  pLet me know what information you need.p
Negative 325 pmy question is simple lets say that I have hypothetically 18446744073709551615 records in one table the max number but I want to select from those records only one something like this brp  precodeSELECT  FROM TABLE1 WHERE ID  5 codepre  p1. will the result be so slow to appear brp  por if I have another table with only five records and I do the same querybrp  precodeSELECT  FROM TABLE2 WHERE ID  5 codepre  p2. will the result appear at the same speed as in the first select or will be much faster in this other one brp  pthanks.p
Negative 325 pOK dont get me wrong here, the clear field X is useful but for this specific design i am working on i need to remove it. Is there a way that i can target this and either removedisable it for certain fields in a form.p  pTrick is though i do need this to be for all browsers IE8 and standard FF, Chrome, Safari etc. I am currently using jQuery so if i could get either a jQuery example or a JavaScript one that would tie into my designs very nicely.p  pJust a standard codeltinput typesearchgtcode...etcp
Negative 325 pI am trying to get the Twitter user tweets through this codep  precode public void displayTweets throws TwitterException      uri  getIntent.getData     System.out.printlnuri     verifier  uri.getQueryParameterURLTWITTEROAUTHVERIFIER     accessToken  twitter.getOAuthAccessTokenrequestToken, verifier     long userID  accessToken.getUserId      try          Twitter twitter  new TwitterFactory.getInstance         ListltStatusgt statuses  twitter.getRetweetsLong.parseLongargs[0]         ListltStatusgt statuses  twitter.getRetweetsuserID         for Status status  statuses              System.out.println  status.getUser.getScreenName      status.getText                  System.out.printlndone.         System.exit0      catch TwitterException te          te.printStackTrace         System.out.printlnFailed to get retweets   te.getMessage         System.exit1       codepre  pUnfortunately I got nothing as display, and I got this log with LogCatp  pstrongLogCat strong p  precode0625 125543.811 WSystem.err24552 401Authentication credentials httpsdev.twitter.compagesauth were missing or incorrect. Ensure that you have set valid consumer keysecret, access tokensecret, and the system clock is in sync. 0625 125543.811 WSystem.err24552 ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt 0625 125543.811 WSystem.err24552 lthashgt 0625 125543.811 WSystem.err24552   lterrorgtInvalid  expired Tokenlterrorgt 0625 125543.811 WSystem.err24552   ltrequestgtoauthaccesstokenltrequestgt 0625 125543.811 WSystem.err24552 lthashgt 0625 125543.811 WSystem.err24552 Relevant discussions can be found on the Internet at 0625 125543.811 WSystem.err24552    httpwww.google.co.jpsearchq1aec76dd or 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552    httpwww.google.co.jpsearchq80621963 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552 TwitterExceptionexceptionCode[1aec76dd80621963], statusCode401, messagenull, code1, retryAfter1, rateLimitStatusnull, version4.0.1 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552    at twitter4j.HttpClientImpl.handleRequestHttpClientImpl.java164 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552    at twitter4j.HttpClientBase.requestHttpClientBase.java53 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552    at twitter4j.HttpClientBase.postHttpClientBase.java82 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552    at twitter4j.auth.OAuthAuthorization.getOAuthAccessTokenOAuthAuthorization.java139 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552    at twitter4j.auth.OAuthAuthorization.getOAuthAccessTokenOAuthAuthorization.java159 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552    at twitter4j.TwitterBaseImpl.getOAuthAccessTokenTwitterBaseImpl.java370 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552    at com.androidhive.twitterconnect.MainActivity.afficherTweetsMainActivity.java274 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552    at com.androidhive.twitterconnect.MainActivity.onClickMainActivity.java411 0625 125543.816 WSystem.err24552    at android.view.View.performClickView.java3620 0625 125543.821 WSystem.err24552    at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java14292 0625 125543.821 WSystem.err24552    at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java605 0625 125543.821 WSystem.err24552    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92 0625 125543.821 WSystem.err24552    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0625 125543.821 WSystem.err24552    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4507 0625 125543.821 WSystem.err24552    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0625 125543.821 WSystem.err24552    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0625 125543.821 WSystem.err24552    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java980 0625 125543.821 WSystem.err24552    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java747 0625 125543.821 WSystem.err24552    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre
Negative 325 pI am new to codeNode.jscode and decided to try to make a blog website using a hrefhttphexo.io relnofollowHexoa. The problem I am having is trying to edit the main style sheet and index files to include a new web font or any editing in general.p  pThe way I figured it would work is I would make the change and the server would pick it, such as with the codethemes foldercode as stated in the docs. Though this is not the case and it doesnt seem like you can edit the CSS directly. p  pHow do I edit the main CSS and index in such frameworks as thesep
Negative 325 pI have an Ebook web app with a jquery carousel plugin Royalslider that preloads HTML component filesimage, HTML, CSS, using AJAX, in the succeeding page containers when the user swipes to the next page. This Ebook web app is loaded in a native app webview, both iOS and Android. In some of the pages, I place video triggers to play a video overlay YouTube, MOVIDEO. Im testing this in mobile devices iPhone and Android phonesp  pThe pre loading of the HTML components work perfectly fine until I play the embedded video in the page container. For example, I play an embedded video in page 2, the mobile video player loads, plays and I close the video. However, when I swipe to the succeeding pages, the preloading of the HTML components doesnt occur so I end up with empty pages in the page containers of the carousel. This issue occurs only in the webview of the native app. I tried it on an external mobile browser and it doesnt happen.p  pIs there a mimetype or datatype that I need to set again after loading the video Why wont the AJAX fetch of HTML contents work after playing the video Is this an origin issue after loading the videosp  pIm not familiar with the Android and iOS webviews. Im putting this ebook web app as a 3rd party solution provider.p
Negative 325 pI have two tables posts and votes which allows users to vote thumbsup where rating  1 in votes or thumbsdown where rating  0 in votes on posts.p  pIm joining the two tables in a query and am trying to filter the results so that a row only shows if it has 2 positive rating  1 ratings AND 2 negative rating  0 ratings from the votes table postid and rating columns.p  pThis is what I got, but it doesnt work as intended, since it brings back results which also have only 1 positive and 1 negative vote  although you cant see this due to the conglomeration of votes for each post  which isnt what I want the HAVING line isnt working as intendedp  precodeSELECT , COUNT FROM posts p JOIN votes v ON p.id  v.postid WHERE rating  1 OR rating  0 GROUP BY p.id  HAVING COUNTrating  1 gt 1 AND COUNTrating  0 gt 1    id  postid  rating    COUNT     4        4         0         2    7        7         0         2    9        9         0         2   83       83         1         2   codepre
Negative 325 pWe seem to be encountering issues when trying to communicate to a Com interop DLL services via our Delphi 7 Program. But all other test programs in VB and C seem to be fine.p  pPlease find the specific technical details belowp  pa We have a VB.net class library project that references to the installed DLLs and generates a COM interop DLL. Under the specific constructor a new application instance is created. Please see below VB.net sample codep  precodePublic Sub New      CreateLog              Try         sw.WriteLineNow amp   amp Creating Sage.Accounting.Application         oApplication  New Sage.Accounting.Application         sw.WriteLineNow amp   amp Completing Sage.Accounting.Application     Catch ex As Exception         sw.WriteLineNow amp   amp Exception amp ex.Message     End Try  End Sub codepre  pAfter the above project builds successfully, a COM inter op DLL and type library files are generated Sage200V9.0Lib .dll and .tlb files. Corresponding log file items are also generated. p  pb I tested the .dll generated above by referencing it in sample C and VB.net test projects where a button event would create the application instance. This was confirmed by debugging and debug logs that were generated. See below codep  precodePublic Class Form1 Private SAGELib As Sage200V90Lib.Sage200V90Lib  Private Sub Button1ClickByVal sender As System.Object, ByVal e As System.EventArgs Handles Button1.Click     SAGELib  New Sage200V90Lib.Sage200V90Lib End Sub codepre  pEnd Classp  pc Now the .dll and .tlb files were moved to the delphi programs output directory. The .tlb file was imported to generate Sage200V90LibTLB.pas. Please see below sample code to create the COM object instancep  precodeCoSage200V90Lib  class class function Create Sage200V90Lib     end  class function CoSage200V90Lib.Create Sage200V90Lib begin  Result  CreateComObjectCLASSSage200V90Lib as Sage200V90Lib end codepre  pd Running the delphi program that refers to the above unit, the create function is called via a button event as followsp  precodeoMMSV9   Sage200V90Lib  MMS V9 Object oMMSV9    CoSage200V90Lib.Create codepre  pIt goes into the created TLB unit and it goes into the VB.nets project constructor. But when trying to create a new application instance that is New Sage.Accounting.Application, the delphi program hangs.p  pe I confirmed that this goes into the VB.net project constructor by checking the log items as mentioned in a and it had only the following  30062014 121533 Creating Sage.Accounting.Application  but no Completing Sage.Accounting.Applications log item. There was no exceptions either.p  pf Additional Tests that I tried was as follows I unregistered and reregistered the DLL using the following scriptsp  precodeCWindowsMicrosoft.NETFrameworkv4.0.30319regasm CDELPHDEV7EXESage200V9.0Lib.dll unregister silent  CWindowsMicrosoft.NETFrameworkv4.0.30319regasm CDELPHDEV7EXESage200V9.0Lib.dll codepre  pBoth scripts seem to have done the unregisterregister action successfully.p  pg Another test that I tried was leaving the VB.net generated files where it was in the VB.net debug folder. Importing the TLB file and running the delphi program still had the same issues where the it blew up with following errorp  precodeProject ..exe faulted with message access violation at 0x77deb72e write of address 0x00090e54. Process Stopped. Use Step or Run to continue. codepre  pI was also able to confirm that the delphi program is using the specific dll by trying to build the test project mentioned  in b and it had errored saying p  precodeError   4   Unable to copy file objDebugSage200V9.0Lib.dll to binDebugSage200V9.0Lib.dll. The process cannot access the file binDebugSage200V9.0Lib.dll because it is being used by another process.  Sage200V9.0Lib codepre  p h I also tried using the following script to generate the TLB file separatelyp  precodeCWindowsMicrosoft.NETFrameworkv4.0.30319RegAsm CDELPHDEV7EXESage200V9.0Lib.dll tlbCDELPHDEV7EXESage200V9.0Lib.tlb codepre  pImporting this TLB file and running the delphi program still had the same issues.p  pi The installed DLLs mentioned in a are basically SAGE related DLL as followsp  precodeSage.Accounting.Common.dll, Sage.Accounting.Common.PersistentObjects.dll, Sage.Accounting.Financials.dll, Sage.Accounting.PersistentObjects.dll, Sage.Common.dll, Sage.ObjectStore.dll, Sage.Utils.dll, codepre  pFor the VB.net project, the above references were from my GAC. I also tried copying the above DLLs in a local location. But the same issue occurs in both cases.p  pk Additional info wrt COM class are as follows In the VB.net projectp  precode  ltComClassSage200V90Lib.ClassId, Sage200V90Lib.InterfaceId, Sage200V90Lib.EventsIdgt  Public Class Sage200V90Lib  Region COM GUIDs     Public Const ClassId As String  d1e254d137f0481abc4a0fce7d99e8cb Public Const InterfaceId As String  0e9d9839ecf147daa4d09522f8c7c7bb Public Const EventsId As String  f6a7099c13df4c81ab840f4093d90409 End Region codepre  pThe specific TLB.pas file has the specific IDs as followsp  precodeIIDSage200V90Lib TGUID  0E9D9839ECF147DAA4D09522F8C7C7BB CLASSSage200V90Lib TGUID  D1E254D137F0481ABC4A0FCE7D99E8CB codepre  pSomething seem to prevent the delphi program to create the new application instance.p  pI am currently trying out different ways of registering the COM interop DLL and also make a C version of the project to generate the COM interop DLL. I will also keep looking through stackoverflow for anything related.p  pBut I wanted to  check if I should be doing something else. p  pCurrently we have no idea on how to resolve it. So any help or related information would be appreciated.p  pThanks for the help in advance.p
Negative 325 pI have memory and CPU intensive application which runs several hundred concurrent threads that do text processing. There is a lot of going on in background, processing files, logging to disk, and so on. Application is compiled for x64 platform, under XE2.p  pOccassionaly, it crashes, and Ive been trying to debug this issue for a few days, but without success. Here is the bug report a hrefhttppastebin.comraw.phpisSUXCznT relnofollowhttppastebin.comraw.phpisSUXCznTap  pI tried running it under debugger and it reports codeOut of Memorycode exception after a while. At the point of crash, it was using 670mb of RAM, and machine has 32gb total RAM.p  pI was thinking it may be fragmentation, but if Im understanding this bug report correctly, it says emlargest free block  8185.75 GBem, which indicates that fragmentation isnt the issue here.p  pApplication isnt leaking memory anywhere atleast that I know of, I have codeReportMemoryLeaksOnShutdowncode enabled and it works fine.p  pSince I dont have any other ideas why it would crash with codeOut of memorycode exception, I would like to get some hints so I can get on the right path to fix this.p
Negative 325 pI am having issues passing data parameters from a classic asp application to a .NET Web API.  It seems that no matter what I do I cannot access the parameter inside the .NET web API.  I have included the code I am using belowp  pThe Classic ASP codep  precodePublic Function GetResponse HTTPMethod, ReqURL, QueryParamsOrArgs      Set XMLHTTP  Server.CreateObjectMSXML2.ServerXMLHTTP      If HTTPMethod  GET Then         ReqURL  ReqURL amp  amp QueryParamsOrArgs         QueryParamsOrArgs       End If      XMLHTTP.open HTTPMethod , ReqURL, false     XMLHTTP.setRequestHeader ContentType, applicationxwwwformurlencoded     XMLHTTP.setRequestHeader AuthToken, ServiceUrlAuthToken     XMLHTTP.sendQueryParamsOrArgs      If XMLHTTP.Status  200 Then         GetResponse  XMLHTTP.responseText     Else         GetResponse       End If  End Function  Public Function TestPOSTurl      mydata  value11ampvalue22ampvalue33     TestPOST  GetResponsePOST, url, mydata  End Function codepre  pIn the calling ASP pagep  precodedim oDataUtils   Set oDataUtils  New DataUtils myResponse  oDataUtils.TestPostServiceUrlBase amp EventDataPost codepre  pThe .NET Web API Action Methodp  precode[HttpPost]     public HttpResponseMessage Post[FromBody]string value              StringContent sc  new StringContentvalue         sc.Headers.ContentType  new MediaTypeHeaderValueapplicationjson         HttpResponseMessage resp  new HttpResponseMessage         resp.Content  sc         return resp      codepre  pNo matter what I send, the value of the parameter value inside the api method is always null. Ultimately I would love to be able to send an entire dictionary or parameters to this method, but cannot even get the most simple component a string to pass in.  What am I missing herep  pMy ultimate goal would be for something like this to workp  precode[HttpPost]     public HttpResponseMessage PostDictionaryltstring, objectgt data               Do something with the dictionary and then return a response...         StringContent sc  new StringContenttest         sc.Headers.ContentType  new MediaTypeHeaderValueapplicationjson         HttpResponseMessage resp  new HttpResponseMessage         resp.Content  sc         return resp      codepre  pbut I will take either option at this point...p
Negative 325 pThis is the code I am runningp  precodepublic class MyRunnableClass implements Runnable       static int x  30     int y  0      Override     public void run          forint i0ilt30i             getFromStash                    public synchronized void getFromStash         x         y       codepre  pand my Test classp  precodepublic class MyRunnableClassTest       public static void mainString[] args          MyRunnableClass aa  new MyRunnableClass         MyRunnableClass bb  new MyRunnableClass          Thread a  new Threadaa         Thread b  new Threadbb          a.start         b.start          System.out.printlnaa.y         System.out.printlnbb.y        codepre  pSometimes I see outputp  precode30 30 codepre  pand sometimes I seep  precode30 0 codepre  pWhy The method I have, is synchronized I actually expect to see something like 15  15 but it is definetly not what I am getting. p
Negative 325 pI am trying to access Android emulator via VNC. Android apps such as droidvnc server are not working. So, I used qemu vncp  precodeemulator avd VNCvd qemu vnc 4     running at port 5904 codepre  pThe display is good on tightvnc viewer but I cant input anything such as touch and keyboard. I havent got past the lock screen yet. I tried usbdevice tablet argument with no luck. How do I make it completely work Any help would be appreciated p
Negative 325 pIm doing a simple app using Google Maps v2. All i want is to draw a driver route between two points. Ive put polyline but it just draw straight line. The line should track the road. I just dont know how to. Thanks in Advance p  pThis code is just getting the current position, i just set the other latitude and longitude for testing.p  pheres my code p  precodeimport android.os.Bundle import android.app.Activity import android.graphics.Color import android.widget.Toast import com.google.android.gms.maps.CameraUpdateFactory import com.google.android.gms.maps.GoogleMap import com.google.android.gms.maps.MapFragment import com.google.android.gms.maps.model.BitmapDescriptorFactory import com.google.android.gms.maps.model.CameraPosition import com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLng import com.google.android.gms.maps.model.MarkerOptions import com.google.android.gms.maps.model.Polyline  public class MainActivity extends Activity   GoogleMap googleMap GPSTracker gps  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain     create class GPS enabled     gps  new GPSTrackerMainActivity.this     check if GPS enabled     ifgps.canGetLocation         try             initializeMap           catch Exception e              e.printStackTrace                   double latitude  gps.getLatitude         double longitude  gps.getLongitude          double latitude2  13.768000         double longitude2  122.9768100          GoogleMap mMap          MarkerOptions Marker2  new MarkerOptions.positionnew LatLnglatitude2,    longitude2.title2222         googleMap.addMarkerMarker2         Marker2.iconBitmapDescriptorFactory.defaultMarkerBitmapDescriptorFactory.HUEORANGE         create Marker         MarkerOptions Marker  new MarkerOptions.positionnew LatLnglatitude, longitude.titleiHatid Maps         add marker         googleMap.addMarkerMarker          color of marker         Marker.iconBitmapDescriptorFactory.defaultMarkerBitmapDescriptorFactory.HUERED         camera motion location         CameraPosition cameraPosition  CameraPosition.builder.targetnew LatLnglatitude, longitude.zoom20.build         googleMap.animateCameraCameraUpdateFactory.newCameraPositioncameraPosition          googleMap.setMapTypeGoogleMap.MAPTYPENORMAL        else          cant get location         GPS or Network is not enabled         ask user to enable GPSNetwork in settings         gps.showSettingsAlert        private void initializeMap      ifgoogleMap  null          googleMap  MapFragment getFragmentManager.findFragmentByIdR.id.map.getMap          ifgoogleMap  null              Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext,                      Sorry unable to create maps, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                  Override     protected void onResume          super.onResume         initializeMap         codepre
Negative 325 pI am work on a messaging system which is send and receive sms but the requirement is the application send sms to specific number which is store in its database and it also receive sms from specific number which is store in its database . actually the client is manufacturer of GPS system with GPRS in this system a sim card is stored which is reply when the sms is send it like current location and many function .when sms will receive which number is store in database of application the sms is not show in android phone default program which is already installed in device. tell me how can i start  p
Negative 325 pI have a directory with this kind of file p  precode  0 lrwxrwxrwx  1 utgesm gid36     12 May 17  2011 libedit.so gt libedit.so.2   0 lrwxrwxrwx  1 utgesm gid36     16 Apr 16  2009 libedit.so.2 gt libedit.so.2.0.9 352 rwrr  1 utgesm gid36 358958 Mar 10  2010 libedit.so.2.0.9 codepre  pI would like to copy file and symlink and preserve date.p  pI started with this commandp  precode  cp dp sourceDir destinationDir codepre  pand the result isp  precode  0 lrwxrwxrwx  1 siri gid33     12 Jul  9 1638 libedit.so gt libedit.so.2   0 lrwxrwxrwx  1 siri gid33     16 Jul  9 1638 libedit.so.2 gt libedit.so.2.0.9 356 rwrr  1 siri gid33 358958 Mar 10  2010 libedit.so.2.0.9 codepre  pSo, I wrote this simple bash scriptp  precode cp dp OLDDIR NEWDIR   ls OLDDIR  while read f do      TSstat c Y OLDDIRf     DATEdate d UTC 19700101 TS secs     echo f  DATE     touch d DATE NEWDIRf   done codepre  pThe script output isp  precode libedit.so  Tue May 17 213514 CEST 2011  libedit.so.2  Thu Apr 16 103005 CEST 2009  libedit.so.2.0.9  Wed Mar 10 163117 CET 2010 codepre  pbut unfortunately the result isp  precode  0 lrwxrwxrwx  1 siri gid33     12 Jul  9 1655 libedit.so gt libedit.so.2   0 lrwxrwxrwx  1 siri gid33     16 Jul  9 1655 libedit.so.2 gt libedit.so.2.0.9 356 rwrr  1 siri gid33 358958 Mar 10  2010 libedit.so.2.0.9 codepre  pWhats wrong with what I didp  pIm using Red Hat Enterprise Linux ES release 4 Nahant Update 3p
Negative 325 pI have two text fields in my interface. txtUser allows the user to enter their username and txtPass allows the user to enter their password. I have programmatically assigned tags in the viewDidLoad method. I use these tags in order to identify the different text fields. The issue is that the textFieldShouldBeginEditing method only recognizes txtPass, while ignoring the txtUser. Both of these variables are linked to their respective text fields, so thats not whats causing the issue. Below is my codep  precode voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]      self.txtUser.tag10     self.txtPass.tag20     BOOLtextFieldShouldBeginEditingUITextField textField       if textField.tag  10         self.btnNext.enabled  YES         self.btnPrevious.enabled  NO     else iftextField.tag  20         self.btnNext.enabled  NO         self.btnPrevious.enabled  YES           return YES  codepre
Negative 325 pI use WASAPI to capture audio buffers in shared mode on Windows 7. I use my loudspeakers which can only have a 48 kHz sample rate, 96 kHz, 192 kHz or 44.1 kHz sample rate. My sound card is a Realtek High Definition one.p  pI need to know if WASAPI will behave differently if I execute my program on another OS like Windows Vista or Windows 8. Also, I need to know if getBuffer will retrieve the same size for captured buffers with different hardware different sound cards.p  pI cant test it on my own and I cant find much details on the Internet. But my program has to work on different computers with different versions of Windows and different hardware. My program wont work correctly on another computer if captured buffer size is different.p  pIf anyone knows anything about it, let me know please. Thank you.p
Negative 325 phi I am very new on parse.comp  pI have downloaded android sdk and install my phone. When I create notification on dashboard it works.p  pBut How can I send one user to another user I dont find any examples.Is it possiblei think it is possible bu I do not succeedp  pthanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pI have a small question Is there a chance to combine the jersey and the comet framework together in one project Does anyone have an examplep  pActual projcet I created a maven project in eclipse with the architype jerseyquickstartgrizzly2. Jersey und Grizzly2 works like charm with the helloWorld Application from the Jersey examples SSL is enabled. See code below.p  pNow Im wondering how I can add a Comet Servlet, Comet Context, etc.p  precodepublic class Main       Base URI the Grizzly HTTP server will listen on     public static final String BASEURI  httpslocalhost8081myapp     private static String KEYSTOREPATH       private static String KEYSTOREPASS                 Starts Grizzly HTTP server exposing JAXRS resources defined in this application.       return Grizzly HTTP server.           public static HttpServer startServer             System.out.printlnUtilProperties.getInstance.loadPropertyurl           create a resource config that scans for JAXRS resources and providers         final ResourceConfig rc  new ResourceConfig.packagescom.yes.httpremoteserver.HTTPRemoteServer           Grizzly ssl configuration         SSLContextConfigurator sslContext  new SSLContextConfigurator           sslContext.setKeyStoreFileKEYSTOREPATH  contains server keypair                    sslContext.setKeyStorePassKEYSTOREPASS           create and start a new instance of grizzly http server          exposing the Jersey application at BASEURI         return GrizzlyHttpServerFactory.createHttpServer                 URI.createBASEURI,                  rc,                  true,                  new SSLEngineConfiguratorsslContext.setClientModefalse.setNeedClientAuthfalse                    Main method.       param args       throws IOException           public static void mainString[] args throws IOException          KEYSTOREPATH  args[0]         System.out.printlnargs[0]         System.out.printlnargs[1]         KEYSTOREPASS  args[1]            final HttpServer server  startServer            System.out.printlnString.formatJersey app started with WADL available at                   sapplication.wadlnHit enter to stop it..., BASEURI         System.in.read             server.shutdown      codepre  pThanks in advance for your responsesp
Negative 325 pI posted a similar question yesterday about releasing memory when removing a Label a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions24762966javafxguidoesntreleasememoryJavaFX GUI doesn39t release memorya. It turned out I was holding on to a reference in an action listener. Today Ive been trying to do a similar thing with the codeTabcode control, this time there are no listeners Ive added since they are built in to the JavaFX control.p  pWhen closing a codeTabcode the heap still contains the codeTabcode instance along with some of its inner classes. Is there anything I can do to release the memory or is it a bug in JavaFXp  precodepublic class TabTest extends Application       Override     public void startStage primaryStage           final TabPane tabPane  new TabPane         tabPane.getTabs.addnew Tab         tabPane.setTabClosingPolicyTabPane.TabClosingPolicy.SELECTEDTAB          create scene and stage         Scene scene  new ScenetabPane         primaryStage.setScenescene         primaryStage.show           public static void mainString[] args          launchargs       codepre
Negative 325 pI found a problem using UIL. Steps to show errorp  ul liI download pictures on a screenli liI remove internetli liIll be right backli liAnd I go to the screen where I had downloaded the images.li ul  pThe images are not displayed. But if I restart internet and get back into the screen, the images are displayed.p  pIs there any option to correct this error thanksp  pConfigurationp  precode    imageLoader.initImageLoaderConfiguration.createDefaultcontext      options  new DisplayImageOptions.Builder         .showImageOnLoadingR.drawable.imagen         .showImageForEmptyUriR.drawable.imagen         .showImageOnFailR.drawable.imagen         .cacheInMemorytrue         .cacheOnDisctrue         .considerExifParamstrue         .build codepre
Negative 325 pI have a table as following.p  precodeid  firstname  lastname   email          homephone  1   aaa       bbb        xxxyyy.com    12344444     2   aaa       bbb        null           null     3   ccc       ddd        zzzfff.com   null   4   ccc       ddd        null          34343322   codepre  pThe issue is I want to keep only 1 record since these are considered as duplicates and merge the nulls so that the table appears as followsp  precode1 aaa  bbb  xxxyyy.com  12344444   3 ccc  ddd  zzzfff.com  3433322 codepre  pSo far I have managed to get the duplicates using the following the code p  precodeSelect     maxa.id as original id, b.id as DuplicateId,     a.firstname, b.firstname as dupfname,    a.lastname, b.lastname as duplname,    a.email, b.email  From     tblxxx a  join     tblxxx b on a.firstname  b.firstname              and a.lastname  b.lastname              and a.email is null              and a.homephone is null              and b.email is null              and b.homephone is null              and v.id lt v2.id    Group by     b.id, a.firstname, b.firstname, a.lastname,    b.lastname, a.homephone, b.homephone codepre  pMy merge query looks like this p  precodeupdate tblxxx  SET     email  email ,      phone  phone   where      firstname  firstname     and lastname  lastname      and email is null      and phone is null  codepre  pEventually I will get distinct rows.p  pIs my approach correct kindly suggest how can I make my query more efficient p
Negative 325 pIn my ios app, I am using Magical Record and NSFetchedResultsController. I am trying to implement below functionalityp  ol liUser navigates to settings screenli liHe selects  Delete Accountli liAll his data is deletedli liHe is navigated to reregistration screenli ol  pTo delete all his data I wrote below codep  precode voidcleanAndResetupDB      [MagicalRecord cleanUp]      BOOL isSuccess  YES     for NSString dbStore in [self dbBackups]          NSError error  nil          NSURL storeURL  [NSPersistentStore MRurlForStoreNamedbStore]          if[[NSFileManager defaultManager] removeItemAtURLstoreURL erroramperror]             NSLogAn error has occurred while deleting , dbStore             NSLogError description , error.description             isSuccess  NO                    if isSuccess          [MagicalRecord setupCoreDataStackWithStoreNamedCRPDB]         NSArray dbBackups      NSString shmFileName  [NSString stringWithFormatshm,CRPDB]     NSString walFileName  [NSString stringWithFormatwal,CRPDB]     return [CRPDB,shmFileName,walFileName]  codepre  pWhen registration is complete user is navigated to contacts screen, where we retrieve related contacts from server and store it in local DB. Since FRC is used to retrieve data from local DB and show it in table view, as soon as data is saved in db it automatically appears in table view.p  pProblem is  If I quit the app after removing local db, on relaunch it shows proper records, but if I dont quit the app after removing local db, then it shows duplicate records.p  pAny cluesp
Negative 325 pI have a map with several printers placed around, and upon hovering over the printer, a list of local printers will appear. I want to convert the hovering to an action upon clicking through JQuery.p  pHere is my code which uses HTML, CSS, and JQuery a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netK2e4E relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netK2e4Eap  precode    document.readyfunction             r1242.click function                  p1242.cssdisplay,block                 codepre  pIt may not help to read all of the code however, I have provided all of it. The pictures of the printers are maligned when placed into jsfiddle, but my emphasis is upon the left, bottom printer image. When clicked, itll make the list of available printers stay, as opposed to disappearing after hovering away from it.p  pThis works in jsfiddle but when I open my file on either Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome, this doesnt apply. The list of available printers for that specific printer doesnt show up. Why is thisp  pUPDATEp  pI believe there may be an error with my linking between HTML, CSS, and JQuery, but all these changes work in JSFiddle, but when I apply the changes locally and try to open my file in a web browser, the JQuery functions never apply. This is what I have in the  of the HTML file.p  precode    ltscript srcjqueryui.jsgtltscriptgt     ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefmain.cssgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcscript.jsgtltscriptgt codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to work out a way to get the currently displayed fragment on a Android app Im working on. I have a Startup View that loads fragments, what I need to do is display a popup message when the user taps the back button but only when the using is tapping the back button from a certain fragement. For examplep  pFragment A  Nav to..  Fragment B  Nav to...  Fragment Cp  pIf the user clicks the back button from fragment C then nothing is displayed and the user goes back to fragment B as expected. But when the user click back on fragment B a popup is displayed asking the user to confirm that action before being allowed to continue back to fragment A, I hope that makes sense. p  pI know about the OnBackPressed which I can override on a view but I cant touch that in a fragment. Any pointers would be appreciated.p
Negative 325 pIve made a simple ncurses program, but it needs to be run from within a terminal to display anything. If someone just doubleclicks on it in a file manager window in X11, the program will not produce any output. So my question is, how can I make it so that if someone doubleclicks the binary, itll automatically create a terminal window to run inside it Instead of that person having to open a terminal and having to enter commands to navigate to and execute it..p
Negative 325 pI need to track usage statistics such as which features are mostly used etc. for my Windows Forms app that communicates with a WCF Service. Can anyone suggest how to achieve this using Google analytics Also what is the best way to implement this, from the client app or the WCF service or bothp  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI am using bootstrap date picker which can be found a hrefhttpeternicode.github.iobootstrapdatepickermarkupinputampformatampweekStartampstartDateampendDateampstartView0ampminViewMode0amptodayBtnfalseamplanguageenamporientationautoampmultidateampmultidateSeparatorampkeyboardNavigationonampforceParseonsandbox relnofollowherea p  pNow it has one parameter to highlight todays datep  precodetodayHighlight true codepre  pwhich can be used like thesep  precodedate.datepicker todayHighlight true codepre  pNow the proble is that my application is for pst timezone. So when i am opening in indian it is higlighting todays date according to ist means indian time.p  pso how can i make it showing pst present date.p
Negative 325 pFolks,p  pWe are trying to develop a utility program ChangePassword which allows users to change their password automatically by executing  codeexpspawnlpasswd, usernamecodep  pThe passwd command requires root privileges in order to change password of another user, however we like to run our utility program using setuid so that the user executing the program does not have to be root but receives the root privileges from the executable file.p  pSo we executep  precodesudo chown root ChangePassword sudo chmod 6755 ChangePassword codepre  pBut from some reason this does not work, when we execute ChangePassword the passwd command spawned by expspawnl does not inherit the root privileges.p  pAny ideas p
Negative 325 pI have installed the codeNinject.Web.Commoncode NuGet package in my ASP.NET MVC projectp  precodepublic static class NinjectWebCommon       private static readonly Bootstrapper Bootstrapper  new Bootstrapper       ltsummarygt      Starts the application      ltsummarygt     public static void Start               DynamicModuleUtility.RegisterModuletypeofOnePerRequestHttpModule         DynamicModuleUtility.RegisterModuletypeofNinjectHttpModule         Bootstrapper.InitializeCreateKernel            ltsummarygt      Stops the application.      ltsummarygt     public static void Stop              Bootstrapper.ShutDown            ltsummarygt      Creates the kernel that will manage your application.      ltsummarygt      ltreturnsgtThe created kernel.ltreturnsgt     private static IKernel CreateKernel              var kernel  new StandardKernel         try                      kernel.BindltFuncltIKernelgtgt.ToMethodctx gt  gt new Bootstrapper.Kernel             kernel.BindltIHttpModulegt.ToltHttpApplicationInitializationHttpModulegt              RegisterServiceskernel             return kernel                  catch                      kernel.Dispose             throw                     ltsummarygt      Load your modules or register your services here      ltsummarygt      ltparam namekernelgtThe kernel.ltparamgt     private static void RegisterServicesIKernel kernel              kernel.LoadAssembly.GetExecutingAssembly               codepre  pNote that I used codekernel.LoadAssembly.GetExecutingAssemblycode to automatically register my bindings when I derive from codeNinjectModulecode. However I have dependencies that need to be resolved inside a codeNinjectModulecodep  precodepublic class NinjectModuleA  NinjectModule      public override void Load              BindltILoggergt.ToltLog4NetLoggergt.InSingletonScope        public class NinjectModuleB  NinjectModule      public override void Load              BindltIRepositorygt           .ToltRepositorygt           .WithConstructorArgumenttypeofILogger, Kernel.GetltILoggergt           .InRequestScope       codepre  pSomehow codeNinjectModuleBcode was loaded before codeNinjectModuleAcode, which gave me an codeActivationExceptioncodep  blockquote   pError activating ILogger   No matching bindings are available, and the type is not selfbindable.   Activation path   1 Request for ILoggerp blockquote  pwhich is understandable as the binding for codeILoggercode wasnt available when codeNinjectB.Loadcode was called. Is there any way I can tell Ninject that codeNinjectModuleAcode must be loaded before codeNinjectModuleBcodep
Negative 325 pVery recently this used to work well in Firefox. Now, it seems to be broken. I cant find any relevant report on bugzilla or elsewhere... Anyone know whats upp  psee caniusep  pa hrefhttpcaniuse.comcsssticky relnofollowhttpcaniuse.comcssstickyap  pand then test in FFp  pa hrefhttphtml5demos.appspot.comstaticcsssticky.html relnofollowhttphtml5demos.appspot.comstaticcsssticky.htmlap
Negative 325 pHi all Is there any way to load class from a jar within a jar file. I am working on a Installer making form install4j. It only allows a single jaruser.jar for Custom code Installation for providing all resources. In my case there is also some dependency on third party apijar files so I give it directly to instal4j it extracts it and place all contents within user.jar. So how can I execute my Class from that third party api. My current dir structure is like this p  ul liUser dir ul liUser.jar ul limythirdparty.jarli ulli ulli ul  pI want to load class from my thirdparty jar file. Any suggestions how to accomplish this p
Negative 325 pMy unix server is sending lots of spam mail. I am investigating the issue but could not find the script location. Here is one of the spam mail header. There is no information about script location.p  precode    1XG4400003wz8iH mail 8 12 ltlatishapowerssilakalite.comgt 1407580792 0 heloname silakalite.com hostaddress 127.0.0.1.44541 hostname localhost.localdomain interfaceaddress 127.0.0.1.25 receivedprotocol esmtp bodylinecount 5 deliverfirsttime XX 1 vilderfaxohtmail.com  245P Received from localhost.localdomain [127.0.0.1] helosilakalite.com     by s1.codezing.com with esmtp Exim 4.67     envelopefrom ltlatishapowerssilakalite.comgt     id 1XG4400003wz8i     for vilderfaxohtmail.com Sat, 09 Aug 2014 133952 0300 037  Date Sat, 9 Aug 2014 103950 0000 055F From Latisha Powers ltlatishapowerssilakalite.comgt 058R ReplyToLatisha Powers ltlatishapowerssilakalite.comgt 046I MessageID ltb8f77881c74b7esilakalite.comgt 027T To vilderfaxohtmail.com 028  Subject Re  heh malay car 023  XPriority 3 Normal 018  MIMEVersion 1.0 046  ContentType texthtml charsetiso88591 032  ContentTransferEncoding 8bit codepre  pAlso here you can find exim mainlog. p  precode20140809 122915 1XG2xZ0001cmSy  nepalheroyahoo.com Rlookuphost Tremo tesmtp defer 45 SMTP error from remote mail server after MAIL FROMltmaudem cmahonsilakalite.comgt SIZE1851 host mta6.am0.yahoodns.net [66.196.118.36] 42 1 4.7.1 [TS03] All messages from 46.102.243.208 will be permanently deferred Re trying will NOT succeed. See httppostmaster.yahoo.com421ts03.html 20140809 122918 1XG2xi0001dAKT lt hillarynewtonsilakalite.com Uapache P local S794 TFw  He he Ulia Suzana Homemade Lesbian from lthillarynewtonsi lakalite.comgt for nepalbabu54yahoo.com codepre  pHow can i identify the script locationp
Negative 325 pIm using the jQuery popup dialog box and have placed a Kendo colorpicker inside. The color picker works and is editable however the text input is not selectable or editable. This means I cannot allow users to edit the hex value meaning they can only choose using the color wheel.p  pAny ideasp  precodemodel string       var currentColor  FFFFFF     ifModel  null         currentColor  Model        Html.Kendo.ColorPicker     .NameViewData.TemplateInfo.GetFullHtmlFieldName     .ValuecurrentColor     .Buttonstrue     .HtmlAttributesnew          idViewData.TemplateInfo.GetFullHtmlFieldId       codepre
Negative 325 pPerhaps I am incredibly stupid, but I have no idea why the output is negativep  pIt is really affecting my programp  precodeltphp  vone   10833087074.438   massone  1 keone  vone  2  echo keone echo ltBRgt keone  keone  massone echo keone echo ltBRgt keone  .5  keone  echo keone  gt codepre
Negative 325 pI wonder if there is a known way of finding out if a loaded codeClasscode has a class initializer, i.e. is compiled with a codeltclinitgtcode method. I know that this method is not visible or invokable via reflection but I want to copy a loaded class while applying some transformations. p  pI would like to avoid the parsing of the class file in case that I redefine alls methods of this class which effectively means that I do not need any information from the file as all information that is relevant to me is available by the loaded codeClasscode.p  pThus my question Is it possible to check a loaded codeClasscode for the existence of a class initializerp
Negative 325 pIm trying to create a basic Java app that accesss the Github API and collects information. I need to be able to perform more than 60 requests per hour but have no idea how to authorize my app. The app is not public and doesnt require user authentication just access to more than 60 requests per hour.p  pMy code so farp  precodetry              URL url  new URLhttpsapi.github.comusersname             HttpURLConnection con  HttpURLConnection url.openConnection             con.setRequestMethodGET             con.setRequestPropertyUserAgent, Mozilla5.0              int responseCode  con.getResponseCode             String response  con.getResponseMessage             ifresponseCode  200                 BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderurl.openStream                 String content  reader.readLine                 System.out.printname      responseCode      response      content  n             else                 System.out.printname      responseCode      response  n                        catch MalformedURLException e              e.printStackTrace          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace          codepre  pI believe it can be done by adding another headerrequestProperty, but am unsure how.p  pYour help is much appreciatedp
Negative 325 pIn Emmet by ST3, I tried to customize a little comment after giving tab when creating a label, for example div or .span p  pI read that this was a solution in the settings of Emmet Emmet.sublimesettingsp  precodepreferences       filter.commentAfter   lt lt attrid,  gt lt attrclass, . gt gt,      filter.commentBefore  lt lt attrid,  gt lt attrclass, . gt gt  codepre  pBut not work. Please Helpp
Negative 325 pI have the following code for which submit function just dont work. I know i am missing something very simple but i am unable to figure it out.p  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precode    ltform idform methodpost actionurlgt     ltinput typehidden namehidden valuehiddengt     ltformgt     ltspan iddiagnosegtlti classfa fachevronrightgtltigtltspangt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     document.diagnose     ltscriptgt codepre  pstrongJquerystrongp  precodefunction   .fn.diagnose  function      diagnose.clickfunction         window.location.href  url This works     form.submit  This doesnt        jQuery  codepre
Negative 325 precode var sock  new SockJSurl, protocolswhitelist [xhrpolling]  sock.onopen  function       var msg  msg hello      sock.sendmsg  1. example      sock.sendJSON.stringifymsg  2.example    codepre  pstrong1. example google chrome payloadstrongp  precode[[object Object]] codepre  pstrong2. example google chrome payloadstrongp  precode[msghello] codepre  pI found that the explicit conversion to string happened in sock.js here line 253p  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comsockjssockjsclientblobmasterlibsockjs.jsL253 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comsockjssockjsclientblobmasterlibsockjs.jsL253ap  pthat is why i see  code[[object Object]]code when js object is sended directlybecause code  datacode converts codedatacode to string.  p  precode that.transport.doSendutils.quote  data codepre  pp  precodeSockJS.prototype.send  functiondata      var that  this     if that.readyState  SockJS.CONNECTING         throw new ErrorINVALIDSTATEERR     if that.readyState  SockJS.OPEN          that.transport.doSendutils.quote  data  here          return true  codepre  pstrongBut that utils.quote doesstrongp  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comsockjssockjsclientblobmasterlibutils.jsL292 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comsockjssockjsclientblobmasterlibutils.jsL292ap  precode Quote string, also taking care of unicode characters that browsers  often break. Especially, take care of unicode surrogates     httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiMappingofUnicodecharactersSurrogates      utils.quote  functionstring          var quoted  quoteJSONstring           In most cases this should be very fast and good enough.         extraescapable.lastIndex  0         ifextraescapable.testquoted              return quoted                   ifextralookup extralookup  unrolllookupextraescapable          return quoted.replaceextraescapable, functiona              return extralookup[a]                codepre  pstrongand finallystrongp  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comsockjssockjsclientblobmasterlibutils.jsL261 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comsockjssockjsclientblobmasterlibutils.jsL261ap  precodevar quoteJSON  JSON3 ampamp JSON3.stringify  functionstring      jsonescapable.lastIndex  0     if jsonescapable.teststring          string  string.replacejsonescapable, functiona              return jsonlookup[a]                   return   string    codepre  pAs you can see that when you want to send JSON, you need to explicit call JSON.stringify by your self and the same is happened by Sock.js again on that string you passed into sockjsinstance.send.p  pstrongWhy it needs to be encoded twice The problem is i need to do some hacks on the server to decode the message, because single JSON.decode doesnt work as sock.js by default sends all as array of strings. This is performance issue.strong p
Negative 325 pWeve got a Chrome app with working notifications, but no sound is made when the notification pops up. Is there a way to tell Chrome to make a soundp
Negative 325 pWhat is the best way to create a list of branches, that were merged into a release branchp  pIs there any addon or plugin for Stash, that a project manager could use to see which featuresusers storiesdefects, that are part of branch names, are included into a release branchp  pif there is no such plugin  which Git commands could be used to create such a reportp
Negative 325 pi use the following code to load the form as below codep  pas Ajax code as belowp  precodefunction assessmentform      this  this     .ajax         url viewassessmentassessmentform.php,         datatype html,         success function data              box  .span12             box.afterdata             box.remove                document.onclick, assessmentform, this, assessmentform codepre  pand the form page as below in directory viewassessmentassessmentform.php Add New Userp  precodeltdiv classbox span12gt     ltdiv classboxheader well dataoriginaltitlegt             lth2gt Add New Userlth2gt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classboxcontentgt         ltform classformhorizontal iduserformdata enctypemultipartformdatagt             ltfieldsetgt                 ltdiv classcontrolgroupgt                     ltlabel classcontrollabel forfirstnamegtROTC NOltlabelgt                     ltdiv classcontrolsgt                         ltinput classinputxlarge focused idrotcno namerotcno typetext gt                     ltdivgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classcontrolgroupgt                     ltlabel classcontrollabel forlastnamegtPasswordltlabelgt                     ltdiv classcontrolsgt                         ltinput classinputxlarge focused idpassword namepassword typetext gt                     ltdivgt                 ltdivgt codepre
Negative 325 pTwo units are coming to each other as targets, Nav Mesh Agents are controlling them. The destination of each Agent is the other Agents position. These pictures can easily say what Im going to sayp  pa hrefhttpanswers.unity3d.comstorageattachments313615.png relnofollowhttpanswers.unity3d.comstorageattachments313615.pnga a hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B0CrJfUaPCUMFhUdFZJLVEyMFkedituspsharing relnofollowhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B0CrJfUaPCUMFhUdFZJLVEyMFkedituspsharingap  pAs you can see, when their destination is not each other and is in the back, the forward of the agent and the way to destination are parallel. 1 1p  pWhen they are closer, so they can see each other, their destination is each other again and its kind of parallel with their orientation 1 2 and as they go closer, 1 3 it just getting worse, so when they reach to their stopping distance, they are not facing in a same orientation. 1 4p  pI could use transform.LookAtTarget but i didnt, because my code would be mess in the way Ive programmed. Everything should be OK with agents alone, i mean agents should look at the right orientation for real, are you kidding me What i saw was those Arrows that depict the face of agents, were denying each other. I mean they were cool when their arrows didnt collide but when they were going to, they denied each other so looking to the wrong way.p  pWell, both units have agents, so they are going to avoid each other, thats the correct thing to do, because if the destination wasnt them, they would ignore and pass away each other eventually But now they are each others destination and they should avoid each other according to unity documents, so what should i do i cant use avoidance priority, because it just cant fix it if you think about that a secondp
Negative 325 pI have an app here which uses MapKit, and I draw some overlays and annotations to it. p  pThey do show up, but I have to move the map first or zoom in  out a bit before they are drawn.p  pIs there any fix to itp
Negative 325 pI have a TextArea control in my content page which is inside an UpdatePanelp  precodeltaspUpdatePanel runatserver ClientIDModeStatic IDupTaskDetailRight UpdateModeConditionalgt     ltContentTemplategt         ltdiv stylewidth 98 paddingbottom 10px classbrCleargt             ltdiv stylewidth 98 height 120pxgt                 lttextarea idtaskNotes runatserver classtaskNotes stylewidth 100 height 100 scrollbarbasecolor A0A0A0 scrollbarbasecolor A0A0A0 scrollbar3dlightcolor A0A0A0 scrollbarhighlightcolor A0A0A0 scrollbartrackcolor EBEBEB scrollbararrowcolor FFFFFF scrollbarshadowcolor A0A0A0 scrollbardarkshadowcolor A0A0A0gtlttextareagt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltContentTemplategt ltaspUpdatePanelgt codepre  pI have a button in my MasterPage which is accessing the TextArea value from the content page and updating the SQL Databasep  precodeltaspPanel IDPanel93 runatserver CssClassnavInnerDivContentsTopSubTwogt     ltaspImageButton IDibSave ImageUrltheImagesSave.png runatserver CssClassnavImages OnClickbtnSaveClick gt     ltbr gt     ltaspLinkButton IDbtnSave runatserver TextSave ClientIDModeStatic OnClickbtnSaveClick CssClasslinkOff gt ltaspPanelgt codepre  pCodebehindp  precodeSystem.Web.UI.HtmlControls.HtmlTextArea lblTDNotes lblTDNotes  System.Web.UI.HtmlControls.HtmlTextAreaContentMain.FindControltaskNotes protected void btnSaveClickobject sender, EventArgs e      string strSaveQuery  UPDATE HSI.RMMEMO SET MEMO    lblTDNotes.Value   WHERE MEMOID    hfMemoIDYT.Value        MessageBox.ShowstrSaveQuery      using SqlConnection scConn  new SqlConnectionstrMainConn              try                      scConn.Open             SqlCommand cmd  new SqlCommandstrSaveQuery, scConn              cmd.ExecuteNonQuery              Response.RedirectYourTasks.aspx                  catch Exception ce                         codepre  pWhen the page loads, the TextArea has some pre populated data. If I make any changes to the TextArea data add or remove text and hit the SAVE button in the Master page, the codelblTDNoted.Valuecode from the codestrSaveQuerycode is using the pre populated data and not the updated entry.p  pHow do I get the updated entry from the textareap
Negative 325 pIs there a way to define a setter method that will run on setting a property likep  pi want to callp  precodeobject.something  0 codepre  pmeanwhile in object class i want to achieve something likep  precode voidsetSomethingNSIntegersomething     self.something  something       some other work too  codepre
Negative 325 pHow I can in MySQL strongfetch any row by index from result setstrong as it possible with arrays or collections in most emprogramming languagesem p  precodearray[index] codepre  pOrp  precodecollection.getElementByIndexindex codepre  h2Updateh2  pI have a result set of dates, me need to check whether the 90 days between each datep
Negative 325 precodehook HTTPClient  CDUnknownBlockTypecompletionForSuccessCDUnknownBlockTypearg1   end codepre  pI am wondering what to place in place of codeCDUnknownBlockTypecode here generated from classdump. I do not know the arguments to the block so I cannot put the exact signature. Is it possible to instead use codeMSHookMessagecode with a generic pointer as the argument A generic codevoid code pointer did not work for me here as the message does not match.p  pIs there a way to get the blocks signaturep
Negative 325 pIs there any way to find the arima parameters for a hts forecast p  pMy forecast is something like thisp  precodemytsf lt forecastmyts, h78, fmethod  arima, method  tdfp codepre  phts is  a hrefhttpcran.rproject.orgwebpackageshts relnofollowhttpcran.rproject.orgwebpackageshtsap  pThanks, Regardsp
Negative 325 pI am using openNotifi method to create balloon tooltips on tray icon, but they are also minimize when shell is iconified. How can i show notification tooltips even shell is iconified p  precode    public void openNotifi            final ToolTip tip  new ToolTipshell, SWT.BALLOON              SWT.ICONINFORMATION     tip.setMessageHere is a message for the user. When the message is too long it wraps. I should say something cool but nothing comes to my mind.     Tray tray  shell.getDisplay.getSystemTray     if tray  null          TrayItem item  new TrayItemtray, SWT.NONE                  tip.setTextNotification from a tray item         item.setToolTiptip      else          tip.setTextNotification from anywhere         tip.setLocation100, 400          tip.setVisibletrue  codepre  pand callin it byp  precode    Display.getDefault.syncExecnew Runnable  public void run  try      if currentusername  sender          openNotifi         codepre
Negative 325 pI have an ajax call. I want to get a chunk in this ajax call. In this chunk it contains a snippet.p  pMy chunk looks likep  precodeltdiv gt this is the content [[mySnippet]] ltdivgt codepre  pIt seems that it does not execute the snippet. codeIt returns this is the content [[mySnippet]]code and not executed snippet.p  pI have tried codegetChunk, parseChunkcode seems not working. I have many chunks so i do not want to create resources for each chunks. Is there any way to do it p  pThanks, Awladp
Negative 325 pIf we have an xpath if statementp  precode  iftestexpression then expresion else someOtherExpression, codepre  pand we say that testexpression is a path with some condition for example Element1[text  ] and we have multiple Element1 nodes, does if statement goes into each Element1 node and checks condition or only the firstp  pexamplep  precodeltElement1gtltElement1gt ltElement1gtTestltElement1gt codepre  pIf statement p  precode ifElement1[text] then result1 else result2 codepre  pwill this return result2 for first element, and then go check second element and return1 or this is not how xpath works p  pI am really new to xpath, and I cant find that information anywhere.p
Negative 325 pHow can I disable a JavaFX button while something is processing to prevent user from spamming the button p  precodeprimaryStage.setTitleUpdate Stuff  Label lbl  new Label lbl.setTextNothing here yet  Button btn  new Button btn.setTextUpdate btn.setOnActionnew EventHandlerltActionEventgt       Override     public void handleActionEvent event          btn.setDisabletrue I tried this, but to no avail         lbl.setTextgetNumberOfViewers  this might take a few seconds, need to disable button during this time         btn.setDisablefalse        VBox root  new VBox root.setAlignmentPos.CENTER root.getChildren.addAllbtn, lbl primaryStage.setScenenew Sceneroot, 200, 100 primaryStage.show codepre
Negative 325 pThe a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibraryprereleaseiosdocumentationCocoaReferenceFoundationClassesNSDateComponentsClassindex.htmlapplerefoccinstmNSDateComponentsweek relnofollowdocumentation for NSDateComponentsa says that as of iOS 7, a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibraryprereleaseiosdocumentationCocoaReferenceFoundationClassesNSDateComponentsClassindex.htmlapplerefoccinstmNSDateComponentsweek relnofollowweeka is deprecated and  to use weekOfDay or weekOfYear instead.p  pIf I want to get the same logic as I got when I used codeweekcode, which of these should I usep  pI have used this in many places in my code, so thinking through each scenario is cumbersome. If there was one enum that mapped to the same thing that week originally did, it would save a lot of time.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to post a string  date Column B  Column C to a cell.p  precodeB        C 2600 HK  09292014 codepre  pI tried using this code p  precodeMerge Column B with Column C  RangeA1  RangeB1 amp   amp RangeC1 codepre  pHowever the result will become code2600 HK 9292014code Instead of code2600 HK 09292014codep  pI have already formatted column codeCcode as date format mmddyyyyp  pHow do I add that 0 backp
Negative 325 pI have installed IBM Bluemix tools on Eclipse and created a Hello World JSF and EAR project. While creating I have chosen a Bluemix runtime environment. Now I try to deploy EAR from Eclipse, it successfully deployed and started but when I try to open it I get the following errorp  precodeNot Found The application or context root for this request has not been found [Ljava.lang.Objectbdb04149 codepre  pWhat have I missed Is there comprehensive tutorial to deploy Java EE web applications on Bluemix available anywherep
Negative 325 pOn client side i have form wich is send to server using code.ajaxcodep  precodefunction showSearchResultssearchText, fromSuggestions      .ajax         url HomeSearch,         data  searchText searchText, fromSuggestions fromSuggestions ,         success function response              processing response         ,         beforeSend function               showLoadingPane function to show loading image                codepre  pOn server I have following codep  precode[HttpGet] [AsyncAuthorize] public ActionResult Searchstring searchText, bool fromSuggestions  false      handling request  codepre  pWhen I type in form text strongltstrong, while debugging i see strongltstrong in js, but on server I am getting just empty string strongstrongp  pI tried to use codeencodeURIComponentsearchTextcode which gives me string strong3C3Estrong, but on server i get strong3C3Estrongp
Negative 325 pwe have different live plattforms ranging from pure java stacks to angularjs and others. we get loads of error in different logs from typical java exceptions to client side error messages send to our log service.p  pwe werent able to cleanup all error and exceptions in the past so we currently have a big mess and have to deal with it.p  pso my question ist how are you dealing with exception, more specificallyp  ul liwho spots them kibana, logstash, graphite, error mails ...li liwho deals with them prio, age etc., 1n developers, devops, especially during tight scrum sprintsli lihow do you keep track of improvements in this areali ul  pso the questions would really be how are your developers able to deal with exceptions during scrum sprintsp  pwould be nice to get your ideas on this.p  pany help highly appreciatedp  pcheers marcelp
Negative 325 pI found a good tutorial on how to build a playlist with HTML 5 codeltaudiogtcode tag and JavaScript a hrefhttpblog.lastrose.comhtml5audiovideoplaylist relnofollowhttpblog.lastrose.comhtml5audiovideoplaylista.p  pBut when I copy that code into my site, it simply doesnt work well, as every element of the playlist if clicked launch a new audio player in a new page instead of being played by the same player above the playlist.p  pHow can I link different MP3 files from an codeltulgtcode playlist to the same codeltaudiogtcode tagp  pThis is my codep  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodevar videoplayer  document.getElementByIdvideoplayer  var links  videoplayer.getElementsByTagNamea  for var i  0 i lt links.length i       links[i].onclick  handler      function handlere       e.preventDefault      videotarget  this.getAttributehref      filename  videotarget.substr0, videotarget.lastIndexOf.  videotarget      video  document.querySelectorvideoplayer video      video.removeAttributecontrols      video.removeAttributeposter      source  document.querySelectorAllvideoplayer video source      source[0].src  filename  .mp4      source[1].src  filename  .webm      video.load      video.play      codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltaudio controls idplayergt   ltsource src01 Scusate.mp3 typeaudiomp3gt   ltsource src22 Gli affitti.mp3 typeaudiomp3gt ltaudiogt  ltul idplaylistgt ltli classplaylistgtlta href01 Scusate.mp3 classpgtScusate  Gino Negri   performerltagtltligt ltli classplaylistgtlta href22 Gli affitti.mp3 classpgtGli affitti  Sandro Massiminiltagtltligt ltulgtcodepre div div p  pId be very grateful to anybody who is able to find the mistake in JavaScript and suggest me a solution.p
Negative 325 pI have two BroadcastReceivers one for sms and one for network state. Both are working well but sometimes they dont trigger and require my to restart the phone in order trigger again. Here is my Manifest p  precode    ltreceiver         androidnamecom.beecell.aghanina.networkstate.NetworkChangeReceiver         androidlabelNetworkChangeReceiver gt         ltintentfilter androidpriority905gt             ltaction androidnameandroid.net.conn.CONNECTIVITYCHANGE gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltreceivergt     ltreceiver         androidnamecom.beecell.aghanina.sms.SMSReceiver         androidlabelSMSReceiver gt         ltintentfilter androidpriority907gt             ltaction androidnameandroid.provider.Telephony.SMSRECEIVED gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltreceivergt codepre  pAnd here is my sms receiverp  precodepublic class SMSReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver      Override     public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent              Bundle bundle  intent.getExtras         if bundle  null             return         LogFile.writeseemless sms received        codepre  pWhat am I missing right therep  pAlso I found some posts on the internet that usesp  precodeltaction androidnameandroid.provider.Telephony.GSMSMSRECEIVEDgt codepre  pWhat is the difference between codeGSMSMSRECEIVEDcode and codeSMSRECEIVEDcode Should I provide both as actions p
Negative 325 pIm having a problem with codeWebviewcode where im trying load the webpage in it. But everytime  my codeViewControlercode loads I get the following crash p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcbYk3.png altenter image description herep  pWebPage view  p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXo2vk.png altenter image description herep  pThis is what I have done in my codeviewDidLoadcode methodp  precode voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]     webView.delegateself     activityIndicator.hidden  NO     [activityIndicator startAnimating]     NSString headLinesNewsLink  detailedWebLinkView.headlineLink     NSURL url  [NSURL URLWithStringheadLinesNewsLink]     NSLogURL is  , url     NSURLRequest requestDetails  [[NSURLRequest alloc]initWithURLurl]     ifrequestDetails              [webView loadRequestrequestDetails]       codepre  pI checked the same URL on safari and it gives me intended page.p
Negative 325 pI want to create a WiFi hotspot in my phone with captive portal capability. Anyone know how to to it It seems that the default hotspot doesnt support captive portal. If the solution needs other software, please tell me. Thanks very much.p
Negative 325 pIm drawing a rectangle and while drawing the rectangle in real time it also padding each rectangle edge left,right,up,down with green points on each edge. Now i set it to 36 points each rectangle edgep  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.ComponentModel using System.Data using System.Drawing using System.Linq using System.Text using System.Threading.Tasks using System.Windows.Forms  namespace mws      public partial class PaddingPoints  Form              private ListltPointFgt points  new ListltPointFgt         private Point RectStartPoint         private Image img         private Image imgClone         private Pen myPen         private int n  36 number of points         private Bitmap bmpBU  null          public PaddingPoints                      InitializeComponent              this.DoubleBuffered  true             bmpBU  new BitmapDMyWeatherStationImagesAndIconsradar090.PNG              myPen  new PenBrushes.Red, 2             Bitmap to hold the picturebox image             img  new BitmappictureBox1.Width, pictureBox1.Height             Graphics g             using g  Graphics.FromImageimg                              g.DrawImagebmpBU, 0, 0, pictureBox1.Width, pictureBox1.Height                           image to hold the original picturebox. We need it to clear img to the original              picturebox image             imgClone  Bitmapimg.Clone              We draw always on img and then we invalidate             pictureBox1.Image  img                   private void PaddingPointsLoadobject sender, EventArgs e                             private void pictureBox1MouseDownobject sender, MouseEventArgs e                      RectStartPoint  e.Location                   private void pictureBox1MouseMoveobject sender, MouseEventArgs e                      if e.Button  MouseButtons.Left ampamp e.Location  RectStartPoint                              DrawRectanglee.Location                                private void DrawRectanglePoint pnt                      Graphics g  Graphics.FromImageimg             int width, height, i, x, y              g.SmoothingMode  System.Drawing.Drawing2D.SmoothingMode.AntiAlias              Clear img from the rectangle we drawn previously             g.DrawImageimgClone, 0, 0               if pnt.X  RectStartPoint.X  pnt.Y  RectStartPoint.Y                              g.DrawLinemyPen, RectStartPoint.X, RectStartPoint.Y, pnt.X, pnt.Y                          else                              g.DrawRectanglemyPen, Math.MinRectStartPoint.X, pnt.X, Math.MinRectStartPoint.Y, pnt.Y,                                 Math.AbsRectStartPoint.X  pnt.X, Math.AbsRectStartPoint.Y  pnt.Y                  width of spaces between points                 width  intMath.AbsRectStartPoint.X  pnt.X  n  1                 height of spaces between points                 height  intMath.AbsRectStartPoint.Y  pnt.Y  n  1                 we always want the upper left x, y coordinates as a reference drawing clockwise                 x  Math.MinRectStartPoint.X, pnt.X                 y  Math.MinRectStartPoint.Y, pnt.Y                  Drawing the points. change the 3, 6 values for larger ones                 for i  0 i lt n  1 i                                      Up side                     g.FillEllipseBrushes.Green, new Rectanglex  3, Math.MinRectStartPoint.Y, pnt.Y  3, 6, 6                     Right side                     g.FillEllipseBrushes.Green, new RectangleMath.MinRectStartPoint.X, pnt.X  Math.AbsRectStartPoint.X  pnt.X  3, y  3, 6, 6                     Bottom side                     g.FillEllipseBrushes.Green, new Rectanglex  3, Math.MinRectStartPoint.Y, pnt.Y  Math.AbsRectStartPoint.Y  pnt.Y  3, 6, 6                     Left side                     g.FillEllipseBrushes.Green, new RectangleMath.MinRectStartPoint.X, pnt.X  3, y  3, 6, 6                     PointF pointf  new PointFMath.MinRectStartPoint.X, pnt.X  3, y  3                     points.Addpointf                     x  width                     y  height                                  g.FillEllipseBrushes.Green, new RectangleMath.MinRectStartPoint.X, pnt.X  Math.AbsRectStartPoint.X  pnt.X  3,                               Math.MinRectStartPoint.Y, pnt.Y  3, 6, 6                 g.FillEllipseBrushes.Green, new RectangleMath.MinRectStartPoint.X, pnt.X  Math.AbsRectStartPoint.X  pnt.X  3,                              Math.MinRectStartPoint.Y, pnt.Y  Math.AbsRectStartPoint.Y  pnt.Y  3, 6, 6                           g.Dispose              draw img to picturebox             pictureBox1.Invalidate                   private void pictureBox1MouseUpobject sender, MouseEventArgs e                      int t  points.Count                codepre  pThe result isp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comwYmPg.jpg altRectangle with green pointsp  pNow i want to do two thing in the pictureBox1 mouse up eventp  pTo have a List of PointF with the coordinates of one of the rectangle edges. For example if its the left edge so the List should contain 36 coordinates X,Y for each point. If its the Top edge then also 36 points and same for bottom and right edges. But only to get in the List one edge each time points.p  pAnd also to have a variable that will hold the distance from one edge otthe other one For example if im adding to the List points the 36 points of the left edge i want to get in int variable the distance between the left edge and the eight edge. If i added to the List points the 36 points of the right edge then the int variable should hold the distance from the right edge to the left. Same for up and down edges.p  pDepending on what edge i get the points from.p  pFor the List of Points i added to the topp  precodeprivate ListltPointFgt points  new ListltPointFgt codepre  pThen in the DrawRectangle method i addedp  precodePointF pointf  new PointFMath.MinRectStartPoint.X, pnt.X  3, y  3 points.Addpointf codepre  pThen in the mouse up event when im using a breakpoint there i see that the List points have more then 4000 points coordinates inside many of them are the same.p  pI need to get for example only the left edge of the rectangle green points coordinates so points should have in the end 36 coordinates only and the distance from one edge to the other.p
Negative 325 pHip  precodeAviManager oldFile  new AviManagerCExport.avi,true VideoStream oldStream  oldFile.GetVideoStream oldStream.GetFrameOpen codepre  pOn oldStream.GetFrameOpen  error. Whyp  precodegetFrameObject  Avi.AVIStreamGetFrameOpenStreamPointer, ref bih codepre  palways return 0p
Negative 325 pFriends,p  pIm starting to develop for Sony SmartEyeGlass and I have some issues. To test an App Im developing is needed to uninstall the SmartEyeGlass Emulator from my device every time Is there another way to do this Its possible to uninstall the app not the emulator via adb on the shellp  pThanksp
Negative 325 pGood day.I have a problem connecting to mysql.But when I use the internet I can connect.I tried using 10.0.2.2test.php and also tried iptest.php and it does not work.I also allowed my firewall for apache for private and public.But I cannot connect still.p  pAny ideas.p  pTell me if I should include the code because it works when I connect online.p  phere is the json object onlinep  precode empinfo [     employee name Adam,     employee no 101700 ,      employee name John,     employee no 101701 ,      employee name Paul,     employee no 101702 ,      employee name Mark,     employee no 101703 ,      employee name Donald,     employee no 101704 ,      employee name Brain,     employee no 101705 ,      employee name Kevin,     employee no 101706 ]  codepre  phere is the json object locally.p  precode  empinfo [      employee name john,      employee no 132323  ,       employee name jones,      employee no 223232  ,       employee name sam,      employee no 3232323  ]   codepre  pThanks in advanced.p  pupdate When I enter 10.0.2.2test.php it says unable to access network.I can only access my php on the browser by using localhost81test.phpp
Negative 325 pI have a magento site and using paypal sandbox as a payment method. After order confirmation pdf is generated with the following text in pdf printout  Facilitator Account Test Store. So How can I change this text.p  pPlease guide me for this solution.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI have a C application which makes calls to functions in a shared library. The application also creates a JVM and calls some Java Code. The Java code might end up calling functions from the same shared library.p  pThe question is will the shared library get loaded twice in the memory overwriting the first instance of load  Will this lead to unintended crashes  p
Negative 325 pSo I followed the a hrefhttpswww.firebase.comdocshostingguidedeploying.html relnofollowgetting started guidea for deploying a Firebase app with codefirebasetoolscode and I was able to successfully deploy part of my app. I got the codeindex.htmlcode and all my .js scripts in the codeprojectnameappscriptscode directories. I can verify this in dev tools. What I dont see loaded is any .js script file located in the codebowercomponentscode directory which is basically the framework of my app AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap, Firebase, etc.p  pWhy is this happening p  pScreenshot of devtools img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comYzBYM.png altenter image description herep  pstrongfirebase.jsonstrongp  precode   firebase angfirenews,   public app,   ignore [     firebase.json,     .,     nodemodules   ]  codepre
Negative 325 pThis is part of an assignment to learn more about syscall.p  pHow can I convert a int in C using a syscall instead of using sprintf or any other library functoins in C I think I need to use mmap but I can find any documentation on how to use itp
Negative 325 pI am trying to make an int method that converts a binary number into a base 10 number. I think my loop is structured correctly, but I cant figure out how to relate index position to an exponent. Basically if there is a 1 in the string, i want to return it as 2 to the power of whatever the index position of that char is. Also, this would require me to inverse the index so that the 0 position is the rightmost char of the string. Here is what I have so farp  precodepublic static int BinaryToNumberString numberInput      int len  numberInput.length      forint ilen1 iltlen i              ifi  1                      return n                   return 0   codepre  pThank you in advancep
Negative 325 pI am getting error 500 in my logs when using the below Rewrite Rules to block by User Agent and Referral URL. I have tried removing the referral url block but still getting error 500 for the user agent block. The traffic that is not block work properly.  Just getting 500 for bots and refurl that are blocked.  Any idea why is it giving me 500 instead of 403 in the log p  precode Block by REFURL RewriteEngine on  RewriteCond HTTPREFERER sample.com [NC] RewriteRule .  [F]   Block by User Agent RewriteEngine on   RewriteCond HTTPUSERAGENT bot1 [NC,OR]       RewriteCond HTTPUSERAGENT bot2 [NC] RewriteRule .  [F]   BLOCK BLANK USER AGENTS  RewriteCond HTTPUSERAGENT   RewriteRule   [F] codepre  pHere is sample of one of the log. My server use cpanel so I pull this from the raw access log.  I only get error log when an IP has been block.  It doesnt show anything for the 500 errirs.p  precodexx.xx.xxx.xxx   [02Sept2014215425 0400] GET  HTTP1.0 500   Mozilla5.0 compatible BadBot5.0 httpbadbot.comrobot codepre
Negative 325 pIn my app, developed using embercli, I need also some external resources like bootstrap now Im importing it through the Brocfilep  precodeapp.importbowercomponentsbootstrapdistcssbootstrap.css app.importbowercomponentsbootstrapdistjsbootstrap.js codepre  pIs it possible to use a CDN instead of local file, defining also a callback to local file in case the CDN is offlinep
Negative 325 pCan someone explain me why this doesnt work It appears that the program stops at sprintfttuple[0], abc and I dont know why. Really need help.p  precodeint testRemoveMeio    int result, i   struct listt list  listcreate    char tdata[3]     , 2014, Fixe   struct tuplet t  tuplecreate23, tdata   struct tuplet tdups[4]    struct entryt entries[4]    sprintftgttuple[0], abc   tdups[0]  tupledupt   entries[0]  entrycreatetdups[0]   listaddlist, entries[0]    extra code similar to above   return 0  codepre  pEditp  precodestruct tuplet      int tupledimension      char tuple           struct tuplet tuplecreate2int tupledim, char tuple      struct tuplet t  struct tuplet  mallocsizeofstruct tuplet      ift  NULL         return NULL      tgttupledimension  tupledim     tgttuple  tuple      return t  codepre  pEdited to add another example from the commentsp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt int mainvoid    char  s  ABC   printfsn,s   sprintfs,DEF   printfsn,s    return 0  codepre
Negative 325 precodepublic void solutionint[][] matrix, int n         int[][] temp  new int[n][n]         forint i  0 i ltn i             forint j  0 jltn j                 temp[j][n1i]matrix[i][j]                          matrix  temp.clone  codepre  pWhen I was testing the method above on an input matrix, I found the matrix value is unchanged after applying this method.p  pHowever, if I changed the method to return the temp value, then I can get a new matrix value. Can anyone tell me why I doubt it is related to pointer or reference issues.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI want to create a field collection item which is in field collection like p  pI have node type offer in which, i have field collection named pricing and in that field collection, i have a field collection field named air info. Now, i have to create air info field collection item. pricing has other fields as well and it is already created.Now when i am trying to create airinfo field collection, it asks for setHostEntity which i tried for node and field pricing entity but to no avail. please help me to solve the issue.p
Negative 325 pWith Cython, is there a way to write fast general functions, which work for arrays with different dimensions For example for this simple case of dealiasing functionsp  precodeimport numpy as np cimport numpy as np  ctypedef np.uint8t DTYPEbt ctypedef np.complex128t DTYPEct   def dealiasing1DDTYPEct[, ] data,                   DTYPEbt[] wheredealiased     Dealiasing data for 1D solvers.     cdef Pyssizet ik, i0, nk, n0      nk  data.shape[0]     n0  data.shape[1]      for ik in rangenk         for i0 in rangen0             if wheredealiased[i0]                 data[ik, i0]  0.   def dealiasing2DDTYPEct[, , ] data,                   DTYPEbt[, ] wheredealiased     Dealiasing data for 2D solvers.     cdef Pyssizet ik, i0, i1, nk, n0, n1      nk  data.shape[0]     n0  data.shape[1]     n1  data.shape[2]      for ik in rangenk         for i0 in rangen0             for i1 in rangen1                 if wheredealiased[i0, i1]                     data[ik, i0, i1]  0.   def dealiasing3DDTYPEct[, , , ] data,                   DTYPEbt[, , ] wheredealiased     Dealiasing data for 3D solvers.     cdef Pyssizet ik, i0, i1, i2, nk, n0, n1, n2      nk  data.shape[0]     n0  data.shape[1]     n1  data.shape[2]     n2  data.shape[3]      for ik in rangenk         for i0 in rangen0             for i1 in rangen1                 for i2 in rangen2                     if wheredealiased[i0, i1, i2]                         data[ik, i0, i1, i2]  0. codepre  pHere, I need three functions for the onedimensional, twodimensional and threedimensional cases. Is there a good method to write a function that do the job for all reasonable dimensionsp  pPS Here, Ive tried to use memoryviews, but I am not sure its the right method to do this. I am surprised that the lines codeif wheredealiased[i0] data[ik, i0]  0.code are not white in the annotated html produced by the codecython acode command. Is there something wrongp
Negative 325 pIm trying to create a basic camera application for my first application targeted towards WP. And I want to, of course, preview the camera data to the screen before taking a shot.p  pBut the only samples I see online from MSDN etc are too old many objects have been removed, ie the libraries are being updated frequently making the articles obsoletep  pIm having a problem just getting started with the previewstream. It would be greatly appreciated if someone with knowledge could give me some help in this matter.p  pThank you.p
Negative 325 pThis is the first time Im developing an app. So I want the users coordinate as well as address to be displayed when a user presses the View Location button in the view controller.p  pIve coded everything and when I press the button in the simulator, it suddenly closes and points me to the  [newlocationManager startUpdatingLocation] code in the IBAction buttons method. It says something like thread1 breakpoint 1.1. What does it mean and how can I fix itp  pThis is my interface filep  precode interface FirstViewController  UIViewController ltCLLocationManagerDelegategt   property weak, nonatomic IBOutlet UILabel latitudeLabel  property weak, nonatomic IBOutlet UILabel longitudeLabel  property weak, nonatomic IBOutlet UILabel addressLabel    IBActiongetCurrentLocationidsender   end codepre  pand this is my implementation filep  precodeimport FirstViewController.h  interface FirstViewController   end  pragma  UIViewController  Categorizes a group of methods  implementation FirstViewController     The CCLocationManager is the object that provides the location data and the methods.     CLLocationManager  newlocationManager    voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]       Do any additional setup after loading the view, typically from a nib.      newlocationManager  [[CLLocationManager alloc] init]    voiddidReceiveMemoryWarning      [super didReceiveMemoryWarning]      Dispose of any resources that can be recreated.   pragma  IBAction  Categorizes a group of methods   IBActiongetCurrentLocationidsender      newlocationManager.delegate  self     newlocationManager.desiredAccuracy  kCLLocationAccuracyBest      [newlocationManager startUpdatingLocation]   pragma  CLLocationManagerDelegate  Categorizes a group of methods   Informs the delegate that it was unable to get location data. Displays error popup alert.  void locationManagerCLLocationManager manager didFailWithErrorNSError error      The error why location could not be retreived     NSLogdidFailWithError , error     UIAlertView errorAlert  [[UIAlertView alloc]                                initWithTitleError messageFailed to Get Your Location delegatenil cancelButtonTitleOK otherButtonTitlesnil]     [errorAlert show]    void locationManagerCLLocationManager manager didUpdateLocationsNSArray locations      Last object of the locations array contains the most recent location. newLocation now points to the last object.     CLLocation newLocation  [locations lastObject]     CLLocation oldLocation       Check the size of the NSArray locations. If it contains a single object, just set oldLocation to nil.      If it contains more than 1 object then store that in oldLocation.      if locations.countgt1         oldLocation  [locations objectAtIndexlocations.count  2]          else         oldLocation  nil      NSLogdidUpdateToLocation  from , newLocation, oldLocation      if newLocation  nil     longitudeLabel.text  [NSString stringWithFormat.8f, newLocation.coordinate.longitude]     latitudeLabel.text  [NSString stringWithFormat.8f, newLocation.coordinate.latitude]          MKCoordinateRegion userLocation  MKCoordinateRegionMakeWithDistancenewLocation.coordinate, 1500.0, 1500.0     [regionsMapView setRegionuserLocation animatedYES]   end codepre
Negative 325 pI have .xml file to store my data from my application. p  pNow I would like to click on the .xml file  start my application with data loaded from the .xml file.p  pWhat makes application to run the xml parsing metods  p  pI have no idea how to do this, what exactly happens when I open .xml file with my application  Does Windows fetch the application some kind of parameter with .xml file path or something  Also WPF does not seem to have the Main method which usually handles these parameters.p  pAny idea how to do it p
Negative 325 pI am developing one commercial app app having different tools to calculate where I implemented autorenewable subscriptions. I am able to test it properly.p  pHow my app worksp  ol lipApp web services allow user to use app free for three months.pli lipUser is asked to get subscribe for an year to use tools.pli lipOnce payment is done, receipt is validate and stored at web services.pli lipOnce subscription period get collapsed, auto renewable subscription come to play.pli ol  pMy questionsp  ol lipIs adding restore button is any way compulsory Referring a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22524733isrestorebuttonnecessaryforautorenewablesubscriptionsIs restore button necessary for Autorenewable subscriptionsa, it says restore button is not required in auto subscription.pli lipAfter payment receipt is been passed to web server and web server validate receipt. Is their any mechanism to get expiry date from receipt or with the help of receiptpli ol  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm using requirejs with inline requires, for instancep  precodedefine[someDep], functionsomeDep    return      someFn function        require[anotherDep], functionanotherDep          anotherDep.anotherFn                  codepre  pIn my particular case, I cannot include codeanotherDepcode in the define.p  pWhen testing with mocha, I have a test case like thisp  precodedefine[squire], functionSquire    var squire  new Squire   describetestcase, function      itshould mock anotherDep, functiondone        var spy  sinon.spy       squire.mockanotherDep,          anotherFn spy              squire.require[someDep], functionsomeDep          someDep.someFn         expectspy.to.have.been.calledOnce         done                 codepre  pfails because codeanotherDepcode calls coderequirecode directly and not codesquire.requirecode.  The workaround is to replace coderequirecode in the global scope,p  precodevar originalRequire  beforefunction    originalRequire  require   require  .bindsquire.require, squire   afterfunction    require  originalRequire  codepre  pThis works note that codesquire.requirecode must be bound to the codesquirecode object in some way, Im using underscore to do this except that the spy will still not be called because of timing.  The test also has to change top  precodeitshould mock anotherDep, functiondone    squire.mockanotherDep,      anotherFn function        done           squire.require[someDep], functionsomeDep      someDep.someFn     codepre  pIs there a better way  If not, hope this provides a solution for others running into the same problem.p
Negative 325 pEverything looks right to me. Its so simple, but I dont know. Ive looked everywhere.  p  pProblem It doesnt redirect. It doesnt give error nothing happens.         But when I enter the browser codehttpsite.devfailcode         it shows fail word on screen so it works.p  proutes.phpp  precodeRoutepostgetir , AhirTicketControllersTicketControllerpostInsert   Routegetfail, function     return fail     Routegetsuccess, function      return success   codepre  hr  pstrongedit everythingstrongp  pstrongScenariostrong on codesite.devcode homepage I press submit that form has this.p  precodeform actiongetir  methodPOST roleform codepre  pso button redirect me top  precodeRoutepostgetir , AhirTicketControllersTicketControllerpostInsert codepre  pso this codepostInsertcode is triggered below  at controller ticket.p  pcontroller ticketp  precodeltphp namespace AhirTicketControllers  use BaseController, Input use AhirTicketRepositoriesTicketInterface  use AhirTicketAdaptersAdapterInterface   class TicketController extends BaseController       public function constructAdapterInterface adapter TicketInterface repository                 thisgtrepository  repository           thisgtadapter  adapter           public function postInsert              thisgtadaptergtpostInsert        codepre  pstrongthen it comes herestrongp  pcodesp  precodepublic function postInsert       create the validation rules      rules  array         title gt required,                   content gt required,               validator  ValidatormakeInputall, rules      if validatorgtfails            i added here return vardumpfail it displays on screen.           so i know that program comes here          but the redirect  below neither gives error nor redirect.          nothing happens here. idk why         return  RedirecttofailgtwithErrorsvalidator       else           validation successful           thisgtobjgtinsert[              title gt Inputgettitle ,             content gt Inputgetcontent             ]           here DOESNT work too.          return   Redirecttosuccess      codepre
Negative 325 pI have Spring JPA configuration as belowp  precodeltbean iddataSource classorg.apache.commons.dbcp.BasicDataSource destroymethodclose gt     ltproperty namedriverClassName valuejdbc.driverClassName gt     ltproperty nameurl valuejdbc.url gt       ltproperty nameusername valuejdbc.username gt     ltproperty namepassword valuejdbc.password gt ltbeangt  ltbean idemf classorg.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean gt     ltproperty namedataSource refdataSource gt     ltproperty namejpaVendorAdapter refvendorAdaptor gt              ltproperty namepackagesToScan valuepk.training.modelgt     ltproperty namejpaPropertiesgt         ltpropsgt             ...             ltprop keyhibernate.showsqlgttrueltpropgt                       ltpropsgt             ltpropertygt ltbeangt  codepre  pI have properties file in which i have password like p  precodejdbc.passwordabc123 codepre  pWhen my application runs, spring context loads and makes connection to database. Fine. Now I want to ask suppose i give password in encrypted form, likep  precodejdbc.password53ytg codepre  pNow how JPA connect to database  Is there any property by which JPA handles encrypted password by itself or I have to do some thing on my own p  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI need to write a C WPF application to capture points on tablet PCs and Im using an InkCanvas, but I dont find a way to selectively configure the InkCanvas to acquire only a combination of mouse, pen and touch points for my scenario Id only need only pen or only mouse, never touch. The solution must work from Windows XP to Windows 8.1.p  pI tried to write a StylusPlugin following a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms749105vvs.110.aspxImplementingStylusPlugins relnofollowthis examplea butp  ul liRawStylusInput.StylusDeviceId doesnt return the same values on different tablet PCsli lieven if Id manage to distinguish between mouse, pen and touch I cant use RawStylusInput.SetStylusPoints to drop the unneeded StylusPoints because that method doesnt accept as argument null or an empty StylusPointCollection. li ul  pa hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comArticles17895HandlingTouchPenorMouseDigitizerinputinyou relnofollowThis solutiona seems to work, but RealTime Stylus is not so WPFlike and Id like to use InkCanvas.p
Negative 325 pI need to make inline a picture with a description and just a picture. It was ok to make 2 pictures inline using div blockinline, but when I added a desctiption to the first picture I couldnt do it inline  as you see on the screenshot my first div tends to have a lot in width but margin0 and width is fixed How to make it inlinep  pa hrefhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu16415767D0A1D0BAD180D0B8D0BDD188D0BED18220201410132015.30.13.png relnofollowhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu16415767D0A1D0BAD180D0B8D0BDD188D0BED18220201410132015.30.13.pnga a hrefhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu16415767D0A1D0BAD180D0B8D0BDD188D0BED18220201410132015.30.56.png relnofollowhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu16415767D0A1D0BAD180D0B8D0BDD188D0BED18220201410132015.30.56.pngap
Negative 325 pHours have gone by and i still cant get round this really frustrating error. im new to android programming so im pretty much following tutorials and trying to understand them as i move along. ive also tryed different approaches but keep getting the same error.p  precode        java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start activity ComponentInfocom.testapp.scott.mptcom.testapp.scott.mpt.MyActivity android.view.InflateException Binary XML file line 34 Error inflating class fragment codepre  pHeres my Fragment Layout Im using a shape as a background button. thats not the problem because ive tryed removing it and nothing changed...p  precodeltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidorientationhorizontal     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     toolscontextcom.testapp.scott.mpt.MainToolbarFrag     androidbackgroundff434343gt   ltButton     androidlayoutwidth96dp     androidlayoutheightfillparent     androidtextMy desk     androidididBTToolbarMyDesk     androidbackgrounddrawabletoolbarbuttonbk     androidtextSize18sp gt  ltButton     androidlayoutwidth96dp     androidlayoutheightfillparent     androidtextExercises     androidididBTToolbarExercises     androidbackgrounddrawabletoolbarbuttonbk     androidlayoutgravityleft     androidtextSize18sp gt  ltButton     androidlayoutwidth96dp     androidlayoutheightfillparent     androidtextMynProfile     androidididBTToolbarMyProfile     androidbackgrounddrawabletoolbarbuttonbk     androidlayoutgravityleft     androidtextSize18sp gt  ltButton     androidlayoutwidth96dp     androidlayoutheightfillparent     androidtextExtras     androidididBTToolbarExtras     androidbackgrounddrawabletoolbarbuttonbk     androidlayoutgravityleft     androidtextSize18sp gt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pThe activity in which i would want the fragment to be displayedp  precodeltGridLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidorientationhorizontal     androidididcontainer     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     toolscontext.MyActivity     toolsignoreMergeRootFrame gt   ltSpace     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheight20dp     androidlayoutrow0     androidlayoutcolumn0     androidididSpace0 gt  ltTextView     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceMedium     androidtextstringmainwelcome     androidididTVMainWelcome     androidlayoutrow1     androidlayoutcolumn0     androidtextAlignmentcenter     androidsingleLinetrue     androidpasswordfalse     androidinputTypenone     androidgravitycenter     androidtextStyleitalic     androidlayoutgravitylefttop gt  ltfragment     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheight74dp     classcom.testapp.scott.mpt.MainToolbarFrag     androidididfragment     androidlayoutrow30     androidlayoutcolumn0     toolslayoutlayoutfragmentmaintoolbar gt codepre  pp  pMy Fragment Java Classp  precodepackage com.testapp.scott.mpt  import android.app.Activity import android.net.Uri import android.os.Bundle import android.app.Fragment import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup     A simple link Fragment subclass.   Activities that contain this fragment must implement the   link MainToolbarFrag.OnFragmentInteractionListener interface   to handle interaction events.   Use the link MainToolbarFragnewInstance factory method to   create an instance of this fragment.      public class MainToolbarFrag extends Fragment       TODO Rename parameter arguments, choose names that match      the fragment initialization parameters, e.g. ARGITEMNUMBER     private static final String ARGPARAM1  param1     private static final String ARGPARAM2  param2       TODO Rename and change types of parameters     private String mParam1     private String mParam2      private OnFragmentInteractionListener mListener             Use this factory method to create a new instance of       this fragment using the provided parameters.             param param1 Parameter 1.       param param2 Parameter 2.       return A new instance of fragment MainToolbarFrag.            TODO Rename and change types and number of parameters     public static MainToolbarFrag newInstanceString param1, String param2          MainToolbarFrag fragment  new MainToolbarFrag         Bundle args  new Bundle         args.putStringARGPARAM1, param1         args.putStringARGPARAM2, param2         fragment.setArgumentsargs         return fragment          public MainToolbarFrag           Required empty public constructor           Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         if getArguments  null              mParam1  getArguments.getStringARGPARAM1             mParam2  getArguments.getStringARGPARAM2                    Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,                              Bundle savedInstanceState            Inflate the layout for this fragment         return inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentmaintoolbar, container, false            TODO Rename method, update argument and hook method into UI event     public void onButtonPressedUri uri          if mListener  null              mListener.onFragmentInteractionuri                    Override     public void onAttachActivity activity          super.onAttachactivity         try              mListener  OnFragmentInteractionListener activity          catch ClassCastException e              throw new ClassCastExceptionactivity.toString                       must implement OnFragmentInteractionListener                    Override     public void onDetach          super.onDetach         mListener  null                  This interface must be implemented by activities that contain this       fragment to allow an interaction in this fragment to be communicated       to the activity and potentially other fragments contained in that       activity.       ltpgt       See the Android Training lesson lta href       httpdeveloper.android.comtrainingbasicsfragmentscommunicating.html       gtCommunicating with Other Fragmentsltagt for more information.           public interface OnFragmentInteractionListener           TODO Update argument type and name         public void onFragmentInteractionUri uri        codepre  pAnd my main Activity classp  precodepackage com.testapp.scott.mpt  import android.app.Activity import android.app.Fragment import android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuItem import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup  import com.testapp.scott.mpt.MyClasses.Constants import com.testapp.scott.mpt.MyClasses.Exercises import com.testapp.scott.mpt.MyClasses.UserData import com.testapp.scott.mpt.MyClasses.deskData  import org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser import org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParserException import org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParserFactory  import java.io.IOException import java.io.InputStream import java.text.ParseException   public class MyActivity extends Activity       Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymy         if savedInstanceState  null              getFragmentManager.beginTransaction                     .addR.id.container, new PlaceholderFragment                     .commit                      Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.my, menu         return true           Override     public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item           Handle action bar item clicks here. The action bar will          automatically handle clicks on the HomeUp button, so long          as you specify a parent activity in AndroidManifest.xml.         int id  item.getItemId         if id  R.id.actionsettings              return true                  return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem                  A placeholder fragment containing a simple view.           public static class PlaceholderFragment extends Fragment           public PlaceholderFragment                    Override         public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,                 Bundle savedInstanceState              View rootView  inflater.inflateR.layout.activitymy, container, false             return rootView                codepre  pAnd FInally this is my Logp  precode1013 205154.974    16781678com.testapp.scott.mpt Ddalvikvm Lateenabling CheckJNI 1013 205154.994    16781684com.testapp.scott.mpt Ddalvikvm Debugger has detached object registry had 1 entries 1013 205155.074    16781678com.testapp.scott.mpt DAndroidRuntime Shutting down VM 1013 205155.074    16781678com.testapp.scott.mpt Wdalvikvm threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x41941d88 1013 205155.074    16781678com.testapp.scott.mpt EAndroidRuntime FATAL EXCEPTION main     Process com.testapp.scott.mpt, PID 1678     java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start activity ComponentInfocom.testapp.scott.mptcom.testapp.scott.mpt.MyActivity android.view.InflateException Binary XML file line 34 Error inflating class fragment             at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2237             at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2286             at android.app.ActivityThread.access800ActivityThread.java144             at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1246             at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102             at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java212             at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5135             at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method             at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515             at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java877             at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java693             at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method      Caused by android.view.InflateException Binary XML file line 34 Error inflating class fragment             at android.view.LayoutInflater.createViewFromTagLayoutInflater.java713             at android.view.LayoutInflater.rInflateLayoutInflater.java755             at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java492             at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java397             at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java353             at com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindow.setContentViewPhoneWindow.java297             at android.app.Activity.setContentViewActivity.java1929             at com.testapp.scott.mpt.MyActivity.onCreateMyActivity.java32             at android.app.Activity.performCreateActivity.java5231             at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1087             at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2201             at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2286             at android.app.ActivityThread.access800ActivityThread.java144             at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1246             at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102             at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java212             at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5135             at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method             at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515             at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java877             at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java693             at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method      Caused by java.lang.ClassCastException com.testapp.scott.mpt.MyActivity44aea5d0 must implement OnFragmentInteractionListener             at com.testapp.scott.mpt.MainToolbarFrag.onAttachMainToolbarFrag.java84             at android.app.FragmentManagerImpl.moveToStateFragmentManager.java853             at android.app.FragmentManagerImpl.moveToStateFragmentManager.java1044             at android.app.FragmentManagerImpl.addFragmentFragmentManager.java1146             at android.app.Activity.onCreateViewActivity.java4786             at android.view.LayoutInflater.createViewFromTagLayoutInflater.java689             at android.view.LayoutInflater.rInflateLayoutInflater.java755             at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java492             at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java397             at android.view.LayoutInflater.inflateLayoutInflater.java353             at com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindow.setContentViewPhoneWindow.java297             at android.app.Activity.setContentViewActivity.java1929             at com.testapp.scott.mpt.MyActivity.onCreateMyActivity.java32             at android.app.Activity.performCreateActivity.java5231             at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1087             at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2201             at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2286             at android.app.ActivityThread.access800ActivityThread.java144             at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1246             at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102             at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java212             at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5135             at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method             at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515             at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java877             at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java693             at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pIve already fixed the missing implementation in my activity class. The real problem here is the inflation error. Thanksp
Negative 325 pIve got two models of emberdata.p  precodeApp.Component  DS.Model.extend     componentGroup DS.belongsTocomponentGroup, async true,     name DS.attrstring   App.ComponentGroup  DS.Model.extend     components DS.hasManycomponent, async true,     name DS.attrstring  codepre  pI am getting list of componentgroup and then when i click one of them i am trying to fetch all of components this group containsp  pDefault behavior in emberdata beta 9 is to create n1 get requests for getting that data. If i setp  precodecoalesceFindRequests true codepre  pparameter, requests are merged into one but still using that huge array of ids. What i need is to ask API for giving all components that belongs to componentgroup with id X so rest call could look something like thatp  precodecomponentgroupXcomponents codepre  pIts more efficient when component group have a lot of children.p  pIs it possible somehow to achieve such behavior p
Negative 325 pI have two columns in an excel sheet called numOne and numTwo as follows p  precodenumOne  numTwo 1       2 2       3 3       6 4       7 codepre  pNow I want to write a VBA macroautomate to add these columns and create a third column numSum How can I achive that The output should look like this p  precode numOne  numTwo  numSum 1       2        3 2       3        5 3       6        9 4       7        11 codepre  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pIm creating an ecomerce app for a local store and they use Quickbooks Online.  I can see the Quickbooks Online API requires a Connect to Quickbooks button where the user then logs in, but thats not what Im looking for.  What Im looking for is something when they look at the products page, the app queries or sends a RESTSOAP call and gets back product data for my store.  Our customers will have no idea that were using quickbooks online, and definitely wont have a login.  The flow would be likep  pCustomer clicks Productsp  pProductsAction will execute a service call to QuickBooks to get the products we sell select  from productsp  pProductsAction will return Success passing in the list of products to the page to be rendered.p  pmycompanyProducts renders the items returned from QuickBooks Online.p  pIs there any possible way to do this  Everything Ive read requires OAuth authentication meaning the user would have to login to QBO.p  pFeel free to ask any questions an thanks in advancep
Negative 325 pI am currently developing a titanium app for android and iOs including an imageView which should be scrollable and scalable via a slider. I already get this to work on iOs but on Android it is really hard to achieve the scrolling behaviour. I decided to use the a hrefhttpgitt.iocomponentorg.iotashan.TiTouchImageView relnofollowTiTouchImageViewa module but the documentation only shows how to use it in a nonAlloy project. My current code looks like thisp  precodeif Ti.Platform.osname  android       var TiTouchImageView  requireorg.iotashan.TiTouchImageView     var androidImageView  TiTouchImageView.createView         top 0,         left 0,         zoom originalScaleValue,         maxZoom originalScaleValue2,         minZoom originalScaleValue,         image blob,                     .androidInnerImageScrollView.addandroidImageView          else           .iosPicture.setImageblob  codepre  pBut is there a possibility to load this via the view.xml as an alloy componentp  pEDIT I tried it using the codemodulecode tag in alloyp  precodeltScrollView idandroidInnerImageScrollViewgt     ltModule moduleorg.iotashan.titouchimageview idandroidPicturegtltModulegt ltScrollViewgt codepre  pBut I keep getting this error messagep  precodeUncaught Error Requested module not found org.iotashan.touchimageview codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to build a simple webservice following this tutorial but unable to access the WSDL once I deploy the code in tomcat  p  pHere are the steps I followed  p  ol liCreate a Dynamic web project in Eclipse.li lipCreated a package and class..Here is the below codep  precodepackage helloservice.endpoint  import javax.jws.WebService import javax.jws.WebMethod  WebService public class Hello     private String message  new StringHello,      public void Hello       WebMethod    public String sayHelloString name        return message  name  .      codepreli lipDeployed the code in tomcat and ran it but unable to access the WSDL. I went to the tomcat manager and see the helloservice application.pli ol  blockquote precodehttplocalhost8080helloserviceHelloServicewsdl codepre blockquote  pFrom the document, what is codeHelloServicecode after the codehelloservicecode. Is it the class namep  pHow can I debug itp
Negative 325 pI am trying to dynamically load blogs into the Twitter Bootstrap Accordian but something is wrong i guess.Following is the html codep  precodeltdiv classpanelgroup idaccordiongt             ltdiv classpanel paneldefaultgt               ltdiv classpanelheadinggt                 lth4 classpaneltitlegt                   lta datatogglecollapse dataparentaccordion hrefcollapseOnegt                     Article title goes here                   ltagt                 lth4gt               ltdivgt               ltdiv idcollapseOne classpanelcollapse collapse ingt                 ltdiv classpanelbodygt                   Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Phasellus sit amet quam augue. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.                 ltdivgt               ltdivgt             ltdivgt lt .panel gt              ltdiv classpanel paneldefaultgt               ltdiv classpanelheadinggt                 lth4 classpaneltitlegt                   lta classcollapsed datatogglecollapse dataparentaccordion hrefcollapseTwogt                     Article title goes here                   ltagt                 lth4gt               ltdivgt               ltdiv idcollapseTwo classpanelcollapse collapsegt                 ltdiv classpanelbodygt                   Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Phasellus sit amet quam augue. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.                 ltdivgt               ltdivgt             ltdivgt lt .panel gt codepre  pp  pand follwing is the code i am using to get the data from blogs category.p  precodeltdiv classpanelgroup idaccordiongt                       ltphp                             query  new WPQUERYarray                                                  categorynamegtblog,                                                  postsperpagegt4                                                                             count1                            str                           if querygthavepostswhilequerygthavepostsquerygtthepost                         gt                         ltphp ifcount1                                  strOne                               elseifcount2                                   strTwo                               elseifcount3                                   strThree                                 elseifcount4                                   strFour                               endif                           gt                        ltdiv classpanel paneldefaultgt                         ltdiv classpanelheadinggt                           lth4 classpaneltitlegt                             lta ltphp ifcountgt2 echo classcollapsed  gt datatogglecollapse dataparentaccordion hrefcollapseltphp echo strgt  gt                               ltphp thetitle                                 gt                             ltagt                           lth4gt                         ltdivgt                         ltdiv  idcollapseltphp echo strgt  classpanelcollapse collapse ltphp ifcount1echo in gtgt                           ltdiv classpanelbodygt                             ltphp excerpt  gettheexcerpt                                 echo stringlimitwordsexcerpt,25                             gt                                                     ltdivgt                         ltdivgt                       ltdivgt lt .panel gt                       ltphp                      count                                           endwhile                     else                       echo No blogs found                     endif                      gt             ltdivgt lt .panelgroup gt  codepre
Negative 325 pI have a string variable that i am trying to pass into omy OLE DB Source query. It looks something like thisp  precodestuff, more, stuff2 codepre  pI am inserting the variable doing thisp  precodeAND T.TEAMNAME IN  codepre  pIf I actually replace the variable in the query and dop  precodeAND T.TEAMNAME IN stuff, more, stuff2 codepre  pI get exactly what I need. When I use the codecode I get no error, just 0 rows returned. So this leads me to believe i am doing something wrong with my string value. I have set up my query parameter, so I dont know what else it could be. Can anyone helpp
Negative 325 pThe initial select statement goes like this, and will return X number of rowsp  precodequery  databasegtconnectiongtprepareSELECT  FROM table querygtexecute while result  querygtfetchPDOFETCHASSOC   codepre  pNow I want to delete all of the rows returned in a single statement without looping, but only the exact rows returned since additional records may be inserted during the execution of the script.p
Negative 325 pI have this a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiLanguageIntegratedQuery relnofollowLINQa expression where Im trying to add a second join, but Im getting an error. p  pThis is the query I have p  precode            from x in db.Sales             join y in db.Sales on x.ID equals y.ID  1             join z in db.Locations on x.Line equals z.LocationCode             where Convert.ToInt32y.Order gt Convert.ToInt32x.Order             orderby x.OrderDate ascending             select x.Distinct codepre  pAnd this is the error Im gettingp  blockquote   pThe type of one of the expressions in the join clause is incorrect.    Type inference failed in the call to Join.p blockquote  pIs there anything I need to change in that second join to not get that errorp
Negative 325 pI am trying to add a thumbnail image of the uploaded file on a product option. Essentially, I have looked around stackoverflow and found the following page p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22848908opencartcustomeruploadsdifferentfilestooneproductwithdifferentresponOpencart  Customer uploads different files to one product with different responses from the siteap  pHowever, I keep getting the error Parse error syntax error, unexpected ltlt TSL in varsitesssortedgifts.compublichtmlvqmodvqcachevq2catalogviewthemejournal2templateproductproduct.tpl on line 757p  pwhen I follow the steps within that page. On line 757 I have put p  blockquote   pif  option[productoptionid]  IMAGE OPTION ID p blockquote  pI am thinking that the IMAGE OPTION ID is what needs to be edited but I have little knowledge of php and no idea what it is referencing here, I would be grateful if someone can help me out.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI want to create custom query for foreign field called by internal dao. Now, when I set foreignFieldName Im getting an exception about too many items contain that value. Is posible to do with dao.queryForFirstp  precodepublic class SMSMessage       DatabaseFieldid  true, columnName  COLUMNID     private long date     DatabaseFieldforeign  true, foreignAutoRefresh  true, foreignColumnName  Contact.COLUMNTELEPHONE,             columnName  COLUMNCONTACT     private Contact contact    public class Contact   public static final String COLUMNTELEPHONE  telephone      DatabaseFieldid  true, columnName  COLUMNID     private long id     DatabaseField     private String name     DatabaseFieldcolumnName  COLUMNTELEPHONE     private String telephone     DatabaseField     private String email   codepre
Negative 325 pFirst, I am sorry for the vague title, I find it hard to think of a clear title that describes my question. Feel free to change the title of you know a better one.p  pIn my code I often have a situation like thisp  precodepublic class Processor     public void UpdateBatchListltmyTypegt myTypes, int someId, Foo extra, int barId                    foreeachvar item in myTypes                ifsome condition                     Methoditem, someId, extra              some other actions...                         private void MethodmyType, int someId, Foo extra            ifstring.isNullOrEmptymyType.Prop                   CreatesomeId, extra                 private void Createint someId, Foo extra           var some  unitOfWork.Somes.AddObjectnew Some  Prop1  extra.Bar       codepre  pThe thing I wanted to show is that I pass all the parameters to each method, even though some methods dont need all the parameters, but some followup methods do.p  pI was wondering how you guys deal with this. Do you create private properties Or create a new class to store all the property values and pass that object around Or just like the code above Or... p
Negative 325 pWe are designing a dimensional model for an IT support business. There are cases some call them tickets or incidents with different statuses feels like an SCD type II dimension We also need to consider the count of cases and SLA time duration as measures. p  pBefore going into detailed design, I reviewed a hrefhttpwww.amazon.caTheDataWarehouseToolkitDimensionaldp0471200247 relnofollowKimbals data warehousing toolkita but couldnt find a matching business for our project. Are there any references for a dimensional model for this type of business p
Negative 325 pIm using multiple uitextfield in my uitableview row.p  pfor example user can type the range of number in two of these uitextfield.p  pnow how can i handle some validation on entered value in these uitextfield  p  pfor example uitextfield1 shouldnt be lower 1 and uitextfield2 shouldnt be highter than 100.p  pthis is my old code to set the textfield have only numerical value p  precode BOOLtextFieldUITextField textField shouldChangeCharactersInRangeNSRangerange replacementStringNSString string            NSCharacterSet cs  [[NSCharacterSet characterSetWithCharactersInStringACCEPTABLECHARECTERS] invertedSet]          NSString filtered  [[string componentsSeparatedByCharactersInSetcs] componentsJoinedByString]          return [string isEqualToStringfiltered]      return YES  codepre  pand in my strongcellForRowAtIndexPathstrong p  precodestatic NSString CellIdentifier  Cell UITableViewCell cell  [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierCellIdentifier] UITextField  UTX1  UITextField [cell viewWithTag1] UITextField  UTX2  UITextField [cell viewWithTag2] UTX1.delegate  self UTX2.delegate  self codepre
Negative 325 pI have built a emRestEasy APIem and linked it with emSwagger UIem. A task I have been asked to complete is to, find a way to reduce the query parameters in the method signature and handle them in some sort of DTO.p  pMy strongoriginal implementationstrong would be similar top  precode  GET   ApiOperationvalue  echo test value, notes  echo test notes   ApiResponsecode  HttpServletResponse.SCOK, message  Response.status.OK   public Response echoTest     ApiParamid QueryParameterid final int id,     ApiParamfName QueryParameterfName final String fName,     ApiParamsName QueryParametersName final String sName        handle request     codepre  pI have extracted the queryparameter handling to a DTO, although now I am unsure how to handle the SwaggerUI side of things. I have tried to annotate the fields in the DTO athough as I guessed, this did not work. My strongcurrent solutionstrong without correct swaggerui interactionp  precode  GET   ApiOperationvalue  echo test value, notes  echo test notes   ApiResponsecode  HttpServletResponse.SCOK, message  Response.status.OK   public Response echoTestApiParamform FormParam QueryDTO dto       Handle request     codepre  pstrongQueryDTO.javastrongp  precodepublic class QueryDTO     ApiParamname  id, value  user id QueryParamid private int id   ApiParamname  fName, value  user first name QueryParamfName private String fName   ApiParamname  sName, value  user surname QueryParamsName private String sName     Getters,setters etc   codepre  pDoes SwaggerUI support this type of feature Is there an alternative approach I could take which would suit my use case Any suggestions or help is appreciated, thanks.p
Negative 325 pI am creating a multi lingual site organized in subdomain. I have en, fr and es. At the moment es is not yet finished so I am redirecting everything to the old website but I would like to make some sections available. This is my codep  precodeRewriteCond HTTPHOST es.domain.org [NC] RewriteCond REQUESTURI ccc RewriteRule . httpwww.domain.orges [R302,L] codepre  pBut it does not work. When I try es.domain.orgccc I go to a hrefhttpwww.domain.orges relnofollowhttpwww.domain.orgesa . Any suggestion Thanksp  pstrongEDITstrong I tried also to use the skip flag, without successp  precodeRewriteCond REQUESTURI ccc. RewriteRule .  [S1] RewriteCond HTTPHOST es.domain.org RewriteRule . httpwww.domain.orges [R302,L] RewriteCond HTTPHOST ru.domain.org RewriteRule . httpwww.domain.orgru [R302,L] codepre  pbut it does not work either. In this case when on page ccc I am using Drupal we should skip the first rule and apply the second. As a test if I visit es.domain.orgccc nothing should happen, If I visit ru.domain.orgccc or whatever else I should be redirected to a hrefhttpwww.domain.orgru relnofollowhttpwww.domain.orgrua or es. But it does not work.p
Negative 325 pSo right now I have some simple code for creating a Map with a couple of tiles which is random generated, codep  precodefunction generateMap      for var y  0 y lt this.height y         for var x  0 x lt this.width x             this.map[x  y  this.width]  Math.roundMath.random  this.tileset.length  1                   this.map[this.width  this.height]  Math.roundMath.random  this.tileset.length  1  codepre  pAnd here is the code for drawing the map it uses 3 parameters, xOffset, yOffset, and Canvas 2dcontext objectp  precodefunction renderMapxOff, yOff, g      var wPort  Math.ceilWIDTH64     var hPort  Math.ceilHEIGHT64     var xx  0     var yy  0      for var y  this.yTile y lt this.yTilehPort2 y          xx  0         for var x  this.xTile x lt this.xTilewPort2 x              var fTile  x  y  this.width              if fTile gt this.widththis.height  fTile lt 0  x lt 0  x gt this.width  y lt 0  y gt this.height                  this.overheaptile.renderxOff  this.xOff  xx  64  128, yOff  this.yOff  yy  64  128, g              else                  this.tileset[ this.map[fTile] ].renderxOff  this.xOff  xx  64  128, yOff  this.yOff  yy  64  128, g                           if debug                  g.fillTextfTile, xOff  this.xOff  xx  64  100, yOff  this.yOff  yy  64  94                 g.strokeRectxOff  this.xOff  xx  64  128, yOff  this.yOff  yy  64  128, 64, 64                           xx                  yy       codepre  pMy problem can be explained by using this picturep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDLEWs.png altProblemp  pAs youre able to see, everytime a new yy starts it uses the previous tile which makes the map scrambled up, how can I fix thisp  pCOMPLETE MAP JS FILE a hrefhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu48864953map.js relnofollowhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu48864953map.jsap
Negative 325 pI have 2 arrays, one representing items and the other the bins the items can be placed inbr Ex  p  precodeArrayItemSizes  [ 1 2 3 4 ] ArrayBinSizes  [ 3 3 4 ] codepre  pSome rules  p  ol liArrayBinSizes and ArrayItemSizes are guaranteed to sum to the same number. in this example they both sum to 10 li liEach item can be broken into smaller pieces if needed  li liEach item is limited to just 1 of the item being placed in the bins so half of item 1 can be placed in a bin, half of item 1 can be placed in a different bin, but thats it for item 1   li liEach item must be fully placed in the bins.  li ol  pThe tricky part is that I want it to have the minimum number of unique item  bin pairings.br So if ArrayItemSizes 1  was split into the 3 different bins, that would result in 3 item  bin pairings  p  ol liitem 1  bin 1  li liitem 1  bin 2  li liitem 1  bin 3  li ol  pThat would be less desirable than fitting item 1 into just 1 bin, which would only create 1 item  bin pair.  p  pA good solution would look like this  p  precodeArrayItemSizes 1  in ArrayBinSizes  1    ArrayItemSizes 2  in ArrayBinSizes  1    ArrayItemSizes 3  in ArrayBinSizes  2    ArrayItemSizes 4  in ArrayBinSizes  3   codepre  pIt has the minimum number of possible item  bin pairings 4 pairs , and uses all the items.p  pAn undesirable solution would look like  p  precodeA fraction of ArrayItemSizes 1  in ArrayBinSizes  1    A fraction of ArrayItemSizes 1  in ArrayBinSizes  2    A fraction of ArrayItemSizes 1  in ArrayBinSizes  3    A fraction of ArrayItemSizes 2  in ArrayBinSizes  1    A fraction of ArrayItemSizes 2  in ArrayBinSizes  2    A fraction of ArrayItemSizes 2  in ArrayBinSizes  3    codepre  pand so on...  p  pThis creates more item  bin pairings than necessary and is undesirable 6 just for the first 2 items . Splitting items into different bins is generally undesirable due to increasing the pair count, although often necessary to pack everything.p  pIm having trouble figuring out how to represent this problem. I looked into graph pair matching stuff and knapsackpacking problems and none of them quite match.  p  pWhats a good approach for solving this Should I be looking into optimization problem solvers, dynamic programming, graph algorithms or something else altogether  p
Negative 325 pHow to display specific post on my home pagep  pI would like to display featured category which I created so first 50 words of each post are displayedp  pThanks guysp
Negative 325 pI am using a CentOS VM from Backspace with LAMP installed.  I have a python script I want to run from the CGIBIN.  I have browsed to the path on my browser and I get an 500 server error.  Assured, this is the first time I ever used CentOS and python but I understand pretty well. but this has really got me.  I get this error  p  precode[Tue Nov 04 124607 2014] [error] [client 86.2.110.133] 8Exec format error exec of varwwwcgibinpaymenttest.cgi failed [Tue Nov 04 124607 2014] [error] [client 86.2.110.133] Premature end of script headers paymenttest.cgi codepre  pHere is my script p  precodeimport sys import json import cgi import cgitb import stripe  2 cgitb.enable  print ContentType textjson print  3 stripe.apikey   4 jsondata  sys.stdin.read jsondict  json.loadsjsondata  5 stripeAmount  jsondict[stripeAmount] stripeCurrency  jsondict[stripeCurrency] stripeToken  jsondict[stripeToken] stripeDescription  jsondict[stripeDescription]  6 jsonresponse  stripe.Charge.createamountstripeAmount, currencystripeCurrency, cardstripeToken, descriptionstripeDescription  print jsonresponse codepre  pIs it because there is no header pointing to my Python files  If so where are they   Please help I am so lost. p  pthanks p
Negative 325 pI tried to create very unoptimised H265 encoder where CTBCUPU, to do that I need to set MaxPartitionDepth  0 instead of 1. According to the standard is allowed to have CUPU, but from the source code of HM 16.0 its almost impossible. I can patch a lot in HM to make it happened. However, I want to understand is a standard of HEVC allows to have a depth of 0 where CTBCUPU  I will really appreciate for any help with thatp
Negative 325 pIs there any way to get the view of a Controller from another Controller p  pFor example i have my HelperController with several methods for the whole project and i have the function MontaCursosWall that is called on CursosController and this function needs to read a View that belongs to CursosController.p  pIn another case i need this same function MontaCursosWall that is called from a function inside HelperController to read the same View.p  pI already have a code to read it but its not workingp  precodepublic string ToHtmlstring pView, ControllerContext context      using var sw  new StringWriter              var viewResult  ViewEngines.Engines.FindPartialViewcontext, pView         var viewContext  new ViewContextcontext, viewResult.View, ViewData, TempData, sw         viewResult.View.RenderviewContext, sw         viewResult.ViewEngine.ReleaseViewcontext, viewResult.View         return sw.GetStringBuilder.ToString       codepre  pThis is how i call it from the MontaCursosWallp  precodeToHtmlfileName, context.Split codepre  pWhere fileName is my View Name and context comes from the CursoControllerp
Negative 325 pIve been trying for a long time to use the easy tabs plugin but to create the following conditionsp  ol lihorizontal tabs with equal heightli livertically aligned to the middleli ol  pSo I figured using display table is the way to go. But Im coming across a major issue clicking on a tab with a lot of content causes a glitch in the height that expands then contracts. Did I do something wrong Could this be a problem with setting 100 height somewhere combined with the EasyTabs pluginp  pCan I get help if I post the code sample below I dont know how to make a fiddle with the EasyTabs plugin and Im really stuck.p  precodeltdoctype htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt  ltscript src....commonjqueryjquery1.11.1.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript src....commonlibeasytabsjquery.easytabs.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt  ltscriptgt  document .readyfunction      .tabs.easytabs       animate true,       transitionIn slideDown,        collapsedByDefault true,        collapsible true,       tabs gt div gt div,       defaultTab divfirstchild,       animationSpeed 500,       updateHash false        ltscriptgt  ltstylegt html  boxsizing borderbox  , before, after  boxsizing inherit  div.tabs gt div.tabsWrapper  display table borderspacing 10px 0 background red height 100 width 100  div.tabs gt div.tabsWrapper gt div  display tablecell height 100 width 50  verticalalign middle background eee  div.tabs gt div.tabsWrapper gt div gt a  display block width 100 height 100 padding 20px  div.tabs gt div.tabsWrapper gt div gt a.active,  div.tabs gt div.tabsWrapper gt div gt ahover  background 1E93C1 color white   div.tabs gt div.tabcontent  padding 20px 50px bordertop 2px solid 1E93C1 borderbottom 2px solid 1E93C1   ltstylegt ltheadgt       ltdiv classtabsgt          lt The tabs gt         ltdiv classtabsWrappergt             ltdivgt                 lta hreftabcontent1gt                     lth3gtHeadinglth3gt                 ltagt             ltdivgt             ltdivgt                 lta hreftabcontent2gt                     lth3gtMultiline ltbr gtheading ltbr gtthat wrapslth3gt                 ltagt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt           ltdiv idtabcontent1 classtabcontentgt             ltpgtContent 1ltpgt         ltdivgt          ltdiv idtabcontent2 classtabcontentgt             ltpgtContent 3ltpgt             ltpgtLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Mauris diam lacus, pretium nec lorem eu, fermentum mattis quam. Donec eleifend gravida sem, non finibus tortor faucibus non. Nam tincidunt dignissim faucibus. Mauris semper tortor ultricies hendrerit vestibulum. Sed sed dolor sit amet tortor consectetur ultrices. Ut mattis tincidunt justo, ut efficitur diam cursus in. Curabitur convallis nibh eu nulla posuere condimentum. In purus nibh, bibendum ut velit in, pretium bibendum tellus. Vestibulum massa erat, lacinia eu mauris a, egestas bibendum risus. In vel arcu eu est mattis vehicula et in sapien. Duis non neque elit.ltpgt             ltpgtDuis fermentum, arcu at elementum viverra, magna tortor blandit odio, in tristique ante quam vel lorem. Suspendisse potenti. Cras vel consequat magna. Mauris et ligula vitae sapien venenatis ultrices sed varius enim. Morbi magna eros, sagittis et suscipit quis, cursus at libero. Nulla facilisi. Suspendisse eleifend malesuada arcu non facilisis. Cras hendrerit convallis purus nec ultricies. Praesent tristique sagittis feugiat. Sed tincidunt nisl elit, nec aliquet ipsum molestie id. Aenean sagittis sodales nisi. Proin fringilla nisl non dolor accumsan tristique. Donec ornare aliquet dui in pharetra. Phasellus ut laoreet tortor.ltpgt             ltpgtInteger vestibulum libero dui, sed sodales odio ullamcorper id. Quisque porttitor, magna quis volutpat blandit, tellus felis iaculis lectus, id sollicitudin purus ipsum ultrices est. In malesuada magna non erat dignissim, non tempus nunc finibus. Proin interdum turpis non purus viverra, eget blandit dui finibus. Morbi arcu nunc, maximus a condimentum id, tincidunt pretium urna. Vivamus vestibulum risus nec odio volutpat imperdiet. Nulla lectus magna, ultricies et enim a, porta dictum ipsum. Cras sit amet ex laoreet, faucibus tortor vel, convallis tellus. Etiam pretium fringilla dolor, non malesuada lacus facilisis nec. Donec eu nisi maximus, volutpat odio condimentum, ultricies dolor. Fusce sem nisl, semper sed imperdiet non, varius sit amet libero. Pellentesque ante est, laoreet eu laoreet placerat, dictum at urna.ltpgt             ltpgtMaecenas mi purus, efficitur et augue non, maximus fermentum nisl. Aenean finibus imperdiet molestie. Pellentesque eu pharetra orci. Ut lacinia hendrerit massa, sit amet laoreet augue venenatis in. Duis et quam quis lorem pulvinar tristique. Sed nec nisl id lorem dignissim dapibus. Vivamus ac iaculis lectus. Aliquam aliquam maximus est eleifend lobortis. Mauris varius fermentum blandit. Etiam malesuada vel urna et sollicitudin. Etiam vel aliquam tortor, eget tincidunt mi. Proin tristique quis urna non rutrum. Nunc dui sem, semper quis nisl vel, accumsan finibus risus. In eget viverra lacus.ltpgt         ltdivgt      ltdivgt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 325 pI have two different databases in the remote location, which i use through a linked server, every time when i do search i need to look both of them by passing a id. so i am using following two queries. but i want to user only one by passing the db name as a variable.p  precodeselect  from [LINKEDSERVER].db2WorkDB.dbo.TblJobseeke withnolock where id  12 select  from [LINKEDSERVER].db3SalesDB.dbo.TblJobseeke withnolock where id  12 codepre  pIs there any why by which i can pass a variable for db name that will allow me to write a single query and can use both db one by one.p  pNOTE  i dont want to use a query as a string and them pass it to the EXEC.p
Negative 325 pIs there a concise way in CSS to combine the child selector codegtcode with the OR selector code,code  For example, if I want to select all elements either of class codezipcode or class codeemailcode who are children of the element with id codeformcode, this does not work.p  precodeform gt .email, .zip codepre  pThis will instead select all elements of class codeemailcode who are children of the element with id codeformcode and then all elements of class codezipcode regardless of their parents.  I know I could do thisp  precodeform gt .email, form gt .zip codepre  pBut if I have multiple classes under codeformcode that I want to select this will get unwieldy quite fast.  Is there a good way to do thisp
Negative 325 pI use python 2.7 and the selenium driver as downloaded fromp  precodepip install selenium codepre  pHow can I get the http headers from a web request.p  pIn particular I click a buttonlink and the server replies with a response containing a csv file.p  pIt would be  awesome if I could get the filename from the http headers.p  pAnother option would e to access the browsers download history.p  pAny ideas how the above can be achievedp
Negative 325 pWe are using twitter bootstrap with responsive grids on our website.  This is working great on Chrome for Android and on iphones.  When browsing with the internal Android browser on android 4.3 reproduced in the emulator with android 4.3 on Nexus 4, the sites media queries does not work and the desktop version appears. On an emulator with Nexus 4  android 4.4 all looks good. See belowp  pa hrefhttpwww.inature.info relnofollowhttpwww.inature.infoap  pIs there any quirk in Android browser lt 4.3 that prevents media queries from workingp
Negative 325 pAs the size of my substring grows, how can I find the complexity of this section of codep  precodeif size gt 160     sub  hashlib.sha1sub.encodeutf8.hexdigest codepre  pI became curious when I noticed my program running as if the hash function executed in constant time. For my program, if the size is 165, worst case the above code will execute 165x. A test Ive just done shows sha1 executing with an unstable relationship with length.p  precodeLength  Time 0   0 1   0.015000105 2   0.016000032 3   0.046000004 4   0.046999931 5   0.062000036 6   0.078000069 7   0.078000069 8   0.07799983 9   0.108999968 codepre  pTest codep  precodeimport string import random import hashlib import time  def randomlysize6, charsstring.asciiuppercase  string.digits     return .joinrandom.choicechars for  in rangesize  for i in range1, 10000001, 1000000     randomstr  randomlyi     start  time.time     strhash  hashlib.sha1randomstr.encodeutf8.hexdigest     print time.time  start codepre
Negative 325 precodeIListltReceiptAllocationMastergt objReceiptMaster  IListltReceiptAllocationMastergtSession[AllocationResult]  public class ReceiptAllocationMaster      public string application  get set       public ListltUsersgt users  get set    public class Users      public string name  get set       public string surname  get set   codepre  pI need to Update the above list with some value where codeapplication  applicationamecode and users where codesurname  surnamecode into the same list.p
Negative 325 pIn my case I have application which is already published in Google Play. If I will set codeandroidsharedUserIdcode  users wouldnt be able to upgrade app, since installer will arise error codeINSTALLFAILEDUIDCHANGEDcode  in other words user must uninstall app deleting all data and make clean install  which is unacceptable.p  pI need a way to access data from other my app  I was planning to do that using the same codesharedUserIdcode in 2 my apps.p  pHow to do that in simple and reliable wayp
Negative 325 pAt the moment Ive this code to load my page that contains the chart divp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt diagramme.clickfunction window.history.pushStatediagramme, , personlangstreckenlaufdiagramme .ajax.loadpersonlangstreckenlaufdiagramme .ajax, function      drawChart     initialize     google.setOnLoadCallbackinitialize google.setOnLoadCallbackdrawChart  ltscriptgt codepre  pIve to put the following into the codehead.phpcode to get it workp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt ltphp     row  1     mycsvfile  array     if handle  fopenhttpsdocs.google.comspreadsheetpubkey0AsQeI5k1b8ujdHBXU1lfdXcxS0pWaDRkaC1YbnZSeWcampsingletrueampgid34ampoutputcsv, r  FALSE          while data  fgetcsvhandle, 1000, ,  FALSE              mycsvfile[]  data                  fclosehandle      gt  google.loadvisualization, 1.1, packages [corechart], language de  function drawChart      var data1  google.visualization.arrayToDataTable[         [, ],         [, ltphp echo mycsvfile[1][21]gt],         [, ltphp echo 100mycsvfile[1][21]gt]     ]      var options1           legend none           var chart1  new google.visualization.PieChartdocument.getElementByIdanteilmeter     chart1.drawdata1, options1    function initialize      metergelaufenundsekundengelaufen  new google.visualization.LineChartdocument.getElementByIdmetergelaufenundsekundengelaufen     query1  new google.visualization.Queryhttpsdocs.google.comspreadsheetpubkey0AsQeI5k1b8ujdHBXU1lfdXcxS0pWaDRkaC1YbnZSeWcampsingletrueampgid0ampoutputcsv     query1.setQueryselect A, B, C ORDER BY A DESC limit 90     query1.senddrawVisualization1      meterprosekundekilometerprostunde  new                                           google.visualization.LineChartdocument.getElementByIdmeterprosekundekilometerprostunde    function drawVisualization1response      metergelaufenundsekundengelaufen.drawresponse.getDataTable,          theme maximized                 google.setOnLoadCallbackinitialize google.setOnLoadCallbackdrawChart ltscriptgt codepre  pIt contains codePHPcode and  codeJavascriptcode code. It results into an error message in the consolep  blockquote   pUncaught Error Container is not definedp blockquote  pId like to combine the codeloadcode function with the codeGoogle chartscode script to get rid of this error message. The charts work by the way But I still have this error message.p
Negative 325 pIve been handed an interesting question in that an Apple centric user would be keen to run databases on Filemaker Pro and we already have several running on MS SQL.  p  pFM Pro is visually stunning and as a front end to work with customers would look good, but Im more SQL at heart.p  pDoes anybody use both Can you easily run tasks between SQL and FM Pro to update data to FM Pro say overnight Has anybody made the change from SQL to FM Pro for any purpose and found it to be okp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pIs angular routing template url support for .cshtml file in ASP.Net MVC 4 Project p  pbecause when I use html page or .aspx page it load that page but when I use .cshtml page it is not loading the view.p  pActually I want to load partial view with angular where no action method is there for that partial view.p  pIs it possible with Angular Routing p
Negative 325 pThe following code works just fine In Controller [Visual Basic]             Dim DivUsers16p  precode        For Each did In Divisions             Dim perm  Permsdid             DivUsersdid  From u In db.VEAUsers Where u.Permission  perm         Next codepre  pIn View [HTMLRAZOR]p  precodeFor Each u In ViewBag.DivUsersdid     ltoption valueu.UserIdgtu.FirstName u.LastNameltoptiongt     cnt  cnt  1 Next codepre  pHowever I am being asked to use ViewData instead of ViewBag because of EXPLICITSTRICT OPTIONs.p  pI am not sure how to access the individual records in ViewData much like I can when the records are in ViewBag.  That is, how do I rewrite this line of HTMLRAZOR code using ViewData instead of ViewBagp  precode                For Each u In ViewBag.DivUsersdid codepre  pThanksp
Negative 325 pGood evening, I have serverclient application written in java collecting and sending data  from client to server. Most of the scripts are working just fine but some of them generate huge amount of data JVM grows around 4GB are not abe to transmit it back to the server.p  precode[20141120 205302.130] Flushing begun [20141120 205853.428] Sending  ltmessage clientid1102 ziptrue  instanceid3211gtBase64 data 6403460 charactersltmessagegt [20141120 205955.330] Communication error Socket closed disconnecting java.io.IOException Socket closed     at com.ibm.scm.client.CommunicationSocket.readMessageCommunicationSocket.java127     at com.ibm.scm.client.AbstractClientToServer.flushQueueAbstractClientToServer.java436     at com.ibm.scm.client.ClientToServerOutboundPull.flushQueueClientToServerOutboundPull.java212 [20141120 205955.330] Disconnected from server java.io.IOException Socket closed codepre  pI assume that the socket is closed due to large delay between flush begun and first data chunk more than 5 mins sometimes is around 7080secs p  pServer OS is Unix and client OS is Windows server 2003,  such problem between Unix and Unix do not exist. I dont have access to the source code, but some java values can be changed  via configuration file on the client sidep  precodeflush.interval flush.threshold jvm.thread.stack.size jvm.heap.max ping  sending clientserver heartbeats codepre  pI played with flush interval couple of time reducing it and did manage it to work just once by luck i guess.Have to find permanent solution how to keep the socket open log enough for transmission to start.  Regards,p
Negative 325 pI encountered a issue when using datagrid. I cant selectunselect the first row when you keep clicking the first row. I was trapped a long time. Could someone help me  Forgive my poor English, thanks in advance. Below is my codep  pJS Codep  precodevar columns  [[     fieldck,     checkboxtrue  ,     title ,     field code,     width 70,     rowspan 1,     align center ,     title ,     field name,     width 90,     rowspan 1,     align center ,     title ,     field fullname,     width 140,     rowspan 1,     align center ,     title ,     field jianpin,     width 70,     rowspan 1,     align center ,     title ,     field country,     width 70,     rowspan 1,     align center ,     title ,     field orgiddisplay,     width 90,     rowspan 1,     align center ]] function     function isCheckedgridId, index          return gridId.datagridgetRowIndex, gridId.datagridgetChecked[0]  index          function isSelectedgridId, index          return gridId.datagridgetRowIndex, gridId.datagridgetSelections[0]  index                dg.datagrid         fit  true,         checkbox true,         columns  columns,         rownumbers  true,         pagination  true,         striped  true,         singleSelect  true,         showFooter true          fLoadData     var rows  .datagridbody[1].find.datagridrow     rows.eachfunctioni, row         row.onclick  functione             if isSelecteddg,i                  dg.datagridunselectRow,i                 dg.datagridrefreshRow, i                 e.stopPropagation                  if e ampamp e.preventDefault                      e.preventDefault                                        IE                    else                      window.event.returnValue  false                                                   function fLoadData     .ajax         typeGET,         async false,         urlpublicexampledata.json,         successfunction data             dg.datagridloadData, data.rows datagrid                   codepre  pHTML Codep  precodeltlink relstylesheet hrefpublicstylesheetseasyui.cssgt ltlink relstylesheet hrefpublicstylesheetscommon.cssgt ltscript srcpublicjavascriptsjquery1.5.2.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcpublicjavascriptsinitDataGrid.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcpublicjavascriptsjquery.validate.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srcpublicjqueryeasyui1.3.4jquery.easyui.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltdiv iddataset stylemargin 10px 10px 0 10pxgt ltinput typehidden idhiddentype value  hiddentypegt     lttable iddggt     lttablegt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 325 pI am working on small project. I got some problem when trying to get elements value in the clicked table row. Here is my project codesp  precodelttable idinfogt     lt for int i  0 i lt 15 i gt     lttrgt         lttdgt             ltselect nameprefixltigt classformcontrolgt                 ltoptiongt044ltoptiongt                 ltoptiongt51ltoptiongt                 ltoptiongt555ltoptiongt                 ltoptiongt43ltoptiongt                 ltoptiongt33ltoptiongt                 ltoptiongt66ltoptiongt             ltselectgt         lttdgt         lttdgt             ltinput namephone idnumberltigt typetext onblurtest2 classformcontrol input  gt         lttdgt         lttdgt             ltselect namestatusltigt classformcontrolgt                 ltoptiongtThe number is belong to manltoptiongt                 ltoptiongtOut of arealtoptiongt                 ltoptiongtDialed alreadyltoptiongt                 ltoptiongtThe number is not definedltoptiongt             ltselectgt         lttdgt         lttdgt             lttextarea iddescltigt classformcontrol rows3gtlttextareagt         lttdgt     lttrgt     ltgt lttablegt codepre  pMy javascript code is the followingp  precodeinfo tbody.onclick, tr, function      var td  this.closesttr.childrentd     var clId  td.eq0.attrid  codepre
Negative 325 pFor some reason everything related to maven has disappeared from my eclipse kepler installation. I cant update the project or build it, I cant start a new maven project and there is no trace of any maven related menu.p  pAny idea how to solve itp  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI have an issue I am having trouble with and hope somebody here can help.p  pWe use somewhat modified code from this a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comscriptContentViewAssociatedFile.aspxrzp2FKB2Foffice2Foutlookdragdropincs2Foutlookdragdropincssrc.zipampzepDragDropTest2FOutlookDataObject.csampobid28209ampobtid2ampovid1 relnofollowOutlookDataObject a project to handle files dropped from various mail clients like outlook as well as the general copy pasting of files via clipboard to process them and save them to the file system.p  pIt works fine in most cases, however if a user opens a ZIP file with the Windows Explorer, copys a file from there and tries to add it we get an AccessViolationException at the following part of the GetData Method of the FileContentDataObjectp  precodemarshal the unmanaged memory to to FILEGROUPDESCRIPTORW struct object fileGroupDescriptorObject  Marshal.PtrToStructurefileGroupDescriptorWPointer, typeofNativeMethods.FILEGROUPDESCRIPTORW codepre  pHere is a reduced version of the whole code in question with which you should be able to reproduce this issuep  precode Starting Method public void InsertFromClipboard       FileContentDataObjectBase dataObject  GetDataObject     ifdataObject null              dataObject.SaveToFileSystemCtemp        private FileContentDataObjectBase GetDataObject      var dataObject  System.Windows.Forms.Clipboard.GetDataObject      return new FileContentDataObjectSystem.Windows.Forms.Clipboard.GetDataObject   public class FileContentDataObject  FileContentDataObjectBase       ltsummarygt      Initializes a new instance of the ltsee crefOutlookDataObjectgt class.      ltsummarygt      ltparam nameunderlyingDataObjectgtThe underlying data object to wrap.ltparamgt     public FileContentDataObjectSystem.Windows.Forms.IDataObject underlyingDataObject          baseunderlyingDataObject        public override void SaveToFileSystemstring path              string[] filenames          get the names and data streams of the files dropped         if this.GetFormats.ContainsFileGroupDescriptor             filenames  string[]this.GetDataFileGroupDescriptor, true         else if this.GetFormats.ContainsFileGroupDescriptorW             filenames  string[]this.GetDataFileGroupDescriptorW, true         else             return          MemoryStream[] filestreams  MemoryStream[]this.GetDataFileContents          SaveToFileSystemfilenames, filestreams, path             public new object GetDatastring format, bool autoConvert                switch format                       case FileGroupDescriptorW                 override the default handling of FileGroupDescriptorW which returns a                 MemoryStream and instead return a string array of file names                 IntPtr fileGroupDescriptorWPointer  IntPtr.Zero                 try                                      use the underlying IDataObject to get the FileGroupDescriptorW as a MemoryStream                     MemoryStream fileGroupDescriptorStream  MemoryStreamthis.underlyingDataObject.GetDataFileGroupDescriptorW                     byte[] fileGroupDescriptorBytes  new byte[fileGroupDescriptorStream.Length]                     fileGroupDescriptorStream.ReadfileGroupDescriptorBytes, 0, fileGroupDescriptorBytes.Length                     fileGroupDescriptorStream.Close                      copy the file group descriptor into unmanaged memory                     fileGroupDescriptorWPointer  Marshal.AllocHGlobalfileGroupDescriptorBytes.Length                     Marshal.CopyfileGroupDescriptorBytes, 0, fileGroupDescriptorWPointer, fileGroupDescriptorBytes.Length                      marshal the unmanaged memory to to FILEGROUPDESCRIPTORW struct                     object fileGroupDescriptorObject  Marshal.PtrToStructurefileGroupDescriptorWPointer, typeofNativeMethods.FILEGROUPDESCRIPTORW                     NativeMethods.FILEGROUPDESCRIPTORW fileGroupDescriptor  NativeMethods.FILEGROUPDESCRIPTORWfileGroupDescriptorObject                      create a new array to store file names in of the number of items in the file group descriptor                     string[] fileNames  new string[fileGroupDescriptor.cItems]                      get the pointer to the first file descriptor                     IntPtr fileDescriptorPointer  IntPtrintfileGroupDescriptorWPointer  Marshal.SizeOffileGroupDescriptor.cItems                      loop for the number of files acording to the file group descriptor                     for int fileDescriptorIndex  0 fileDescriptorIndex lt fileGroupDescriptor.cItems fileDescriptorIndex                                              marshal the pointer top the file descriptor as a FILEDESCRIPTORW struct and get the file name                         NativeMethods.FILEDESCRIPTORW fileDescriptor  NativeMethods.FILEDESCRIPTORWMarshal.PtrToStructurefileDescriptorPointer, typeofNativeMethods.FILEDESCRIPTORW                         fileNames[fileDescriptorIndex]  fileDescriptor.cFileName                          move the file descriptor pointer to the next file descriptor                         fileDescriptorPointer  IntPtrintfileDescriptorPointer  Marshal.SizeOffileDescriptor                                           return the array of filenames                     return fileNames                                  finally                                      free unmanaged memory pointer                     Marshal.FreeHGlobalfileGroupDescriptorWPointer                                        use underlying IDataObject to handle getting of data             return this.underlyingDataObject.GetDataformat, autoConvert                    public abstract class FileContentDataObjectBase  System.Windows.Forms.IDataObject              region NativeMethods          protected class NativeMethods                      [DllImportkernel32.dll]             static extern IntPtr GlobalLockIntPtr hMem              [DllImportole32.dll, PreserveSig  false]             internal static extern ILockBytes CreateILockBytesOnHGlobalIntPtr hGlobal, bool fDeleteOnRelease              [DllImportOLE32.DLL, CharSet  CharSet.Auto, PreserveSig  false]             internal static extern IntPtr GetHGlobalFromILockBytesILockBytes pLockBytes              [DllImportOLE32.DLL, CharSet  CharSet.Unicode, PreserveSig  false]             internal static extern IStorage StgCreateDocfileOnILockBytesILockBytes plkbyt, uint grfMode, uint reserved              [ComImport, InterfaceTypeComInterfaceType.InterfaceIsIUnknown, Guid0000000B00000000C000000000000046]             internal interface IStorage                              [return MarshalAsUnmanagedType.Interface]                 IStream CreateStream[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.BStr] string pwcsName, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int grfMode, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int reserved1, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int reserved2                 [return MarshalAsUnmanagedType.Interface]                 IStream OpenStream[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.BStr] string pwcsName, IntPtr reserved1, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int grfMode, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int reserved2                 [return MarshalAsUnmanagedType.Interface]                 IStorage CreateStorage[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.BStr] string pwcsName, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int grfMode, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int reserved1, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int reserved2                 [return MarshalAsUnmanagedType.Interface]                 IStorage OpenStorage[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.BStr] string pwcsName, IntPtr pstgPriority, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int grfMode, IntPtr snbExclude, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int reserved                 void CopyToint ciidExclude, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.LPArray] Guid[] pIIDExclude, IntPtr snbExclude, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.Interface] IStorage stgDest                 void MoveElementTo[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.BStr] string pwcsName, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.Interface] IStorage stgDest, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.BStr] string pwcsNewName, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int grfFlags                 void Commitint grfCommitFlags                 void Revert                 void EnumElements[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int reserved1, IntPtr reserved2, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int reserved3, [MarshalAsUnmanagedType.Interface] out object ppVal                 void DestroyElement[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.BStr] string pwcsName                 void RenameElement[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.BStr] string pwcsOldName, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.BStr] string pwcsNewName                 void SetElementTimes[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.BStr] string pwcsName, [In] System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.FILETIME pctime, [In] System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.FILETIME patime, [In] System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.FILETIME pmtime                 void SetClass[In] ref Guid clsid                 void SetStateBitsint grfStateBits, int grfMask                 void Stat[Out]out System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.STATSTG pStatStg, int grfStatFlag                           [ComImport, Guid0000000A00000000C000000000000046, InterfaceTypeComInterfaceType.InterfaceIsIUnknown]             internal interface ILockBytes                              void ReadAt[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U8] long ulOffset, [Out, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.LPArray, SizeParamIndex  1] byte[] pv, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int cb, [Out, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.LPArray] int[] pcbRead                 void WriteAt[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U8] long ulOffset, IntPtr pv, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int cb, [Out, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.LPArray] int[] pcbWritten                 void Flush                 void SetSize[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U8] long cb                 void LockRegion[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U8] long libOffset, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U8] long cb, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int dwLockType                 void UnlockRegion[In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U8] long libOffset, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U8] long cb, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int dwLockType                 void Stat[Out]out System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.STATSTG pstatstg, [In, MarshalAsUnmanagedType.U4] int grfStatFlag                           [StructLayoutLayoutKind.Sequential]             internal sealed class POINTL                              public int x                 public int y                           [StructLayoutLayoutKind.Sequential]             internal sealed class SIZEL                              public int cx                 public int cy                           [StructLayoutLayoutKind.Sequential, CharSet  CharSet.Ansi]             internal sealed class FILEGROUPDESCRIPTORA                              public uint cItems                 public FILEDESCRIPTORA[] fgd                           [StructLayoutLayoutKind.Sequential, CharSet  CharSet.Ansi]             internal sealed class FILEDESCRIPTORA                              public uint dwFlags                 public Guid clsid                 public SIZEL sizel                 public POINTL pointl                 public uint dwFileAttributes                 public System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.FILETIME ftCreationTime                 public System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.FILETIME ftLastAccessTime                 public System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.FILETIME ftLastWriteTime                 public uint nFileSizeHigh                 public uint nFileSizeLow                 [MarshalAsUnmanagedType.ByValTStr, SizeConst  260]                 public string cFileName                           [StructLayoutLayoutKind.Sequential, CharSet  CharSet.Unicode]             internal sealed class FILEGROUPDESCRIPTORW                              public uint cItems                 public FILEDESCRIPTORW[] fgd                           [StructLayoutLayoutKind.Sequential, CharSet  CharSet.Unicode]             internal sealed class FILEDESCRIPTORW                              public uint dwFlags                 public Guid clsid                 public SIZEL sizel                 public POINTL pointl                 public uint dwFileAttributes                 public System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.FILETIME ftCreationTime                 public System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.FILETIME ftLastAccessTime                 public System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.FILETIME ftLastWriteTime                 public uint nFileSizeHigh                 public uint nFileSizeLow                 [MarshalAsUnmanagedType.ByValTStr, SizeConst  260]                 public string cFileName                                endregion          region Propertys           ltsummarygt          Holds the ltsee crefSystem.Windows.Forms.IDataObjectgt that this class is wrapping          ltsummarygt         protected System.Windows.Forms.IDataObject underlyingDataObject           ltsummarygt          Holds the ltsee crefSystem.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.IDataObjectgt interface to the ltsee crefSystem.Windows.Forms.IDataObjectgt that this class is wrapping.          ltsummarygt         protected System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.IDataObject comUnderlyingDataObject           ltsummarygt          Holds the internal ole ltsee crefSystem.Windows.Forms.IDataObjectgt to the ltsee crefSystem.Windows.Forms.IDataObjectgt that this class is wrapping.          ltsummarygt         protected System.Windows.Forms.IDataObject oleUnderlyingDataObject           ltsummarygt          Holds the ltsee crefMethodInfogt of the GetDataFromHGLOBLAL method of the internal ole ltsee crefSystem.Windows.Forms.IDataObjectgt.          ltsummarygt         protected MethodInfo getDataFromHGLOBLALMethod          endregion          region Constructors           ltsummarygt          Initializes a new instance of the ltsee crefOutlookDataObjectgt class.          ltsummarygt          ltparam nameunderlyingDataObjectgtThe underlying data object to wrap.ltparamgt         public FileContentDataObjectBaseSystem.Windows.Forms.IDataObject underlyingDataObject                      get the underlying dataobject and its ComType IDataObject interface to it             this.underlyingDataObject  underlyingDataObject             this.comUnderlyingDataObject  System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.IDataObjectthis.underlyingDataObject              get the internal ole dataobject and its GetDataFromHGLOBLAL so it can be called later             FieldInfo innerDataField  this.underlyingDataObject.GetType.GetFieldinnerData, BindingFlags.NonPublic  BindingFlags.Instance             this.oleUnderlyingDataObject  System.Windows.Forms.IDataObjectinnerDataField.GetValuethis.underlyingDataObject             this.getDataFromHGLOBLALMethod  this.oleUnderlyingDataObject.GetType.GetMethodGetDataFromHGLOBLAL, BindingFlags.NonPublic  BindingFlags.Instance                   endregion          region IDataObject Members           ltsummarygt          Retrieves the data associated with the specified class type format.          ltsummarygt          ltparam nameformatgtA ltsee crefTSystem.Typegtltseegt representing the format of the data to retrieve. See ltsee crefTSystem.Windows.Forms.DataFormatsgtltseegt for predefined formats.ltparamgt          ltreturnsgt          The data associated with the specified format, or null.          ltreturnsgt         public object GetDataType format                      return this.GetDataformat.FullName                    ltsummarygt          Retrieves the data associated with the specified data format.          ltsummarygt          ltparam nameformatgtThe format of the data to retrieve. See ltsee crefTSystem.Windows.Forms.DataFormatsgtltseegt for predefined formats.ltparamgt          ltreturnsgt          The data associated with the specified format, or null.          ltreturnsgt         public object GetDatastring format                      return this.GetDataformat, true                    ltsummarygt          Retrieves the data associated with the specified data format, using a Boolean to determine whether to convert the data to the format.          ltsummarygt          ltparam nameformatgtThe format of the data to retrieve. See ltsee crefTSystem.Windows.Forms.DataFormatsgtltseegt for predefined formats.ltparamgt          ltparam nameautoConvertgttrue to convert the data to the specified format otherwise, false.ltparamgt          ltreturnsgt          The data associated with the specified format, or null.          ltreturnsgt         public object GetDatastring format, bool autoConvert                      return this.underlyingDataObject.GetDataformat, autoConvert                    ltsummarygt          Retrieves the data associated with the specified data format at the specified index.          ltsummarygt          ltparam nameformatgtThe format of the data to retrieve. See ltsee crefTSystem.Windows.Forms.DataFormatsgtltseegt for predefined formats.ltparamgt          ltparam nameindexgtThe index of the data to retrieve.ltparamgt          ltreturnsgt          A ltsee crefMemoryStreamgt containing the raw data for the specified data format at the specified index.          ltreturnsgt         public MemoryStream GetDatastring format, int index                      create a FORMATETC struct to request the data with             FORMATETC formatetc  new FORMATETC             formatetc.cfFormat  shortDataFormats.GetFormatformat.Id             formatetc.dwAspect  DVASPECT.DVASPECTCONTENT             formatetc.lindex  index             formatetc.ptd  new IntPtr0             formatetc.tymed  TYMED.TYMEDISTREAM  TYMED.TYMEDISTORAGE  TYMED.TYMEDHGLOBAL              create STGMEDIUM to output request results into             STGMEDIUM medium  new STGMEDIUM              using the Com IDataObject interface get the data using the defined FORMATETC             this.comUnderlyingDataObject.GetDataref formatetc, out medium              retrieve the data depending on the returned store type             switch medium.tymed                              case TYMED.TYMEDISTORAGE                     to handle a IStorage it needs to be written into a second unmanaged                     memory mapped storage and then the data can be read from memory into                     a managed byte and returned as a MemoryStream                      NativeMethods.IStorage iStorage  null                     NativeMethods.IStorage iStorage2  null                     NativeMethods.ILockBytes iLockBytes  null                     System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.STATSTG iLockBytesStat                     try                                              marshal the returned pointer to a IStorage object                         iStorage  NativeMethods.IStorageMarshal.GetObjectForIUnknownmedium.unionmember                         Marshal.Releasemedium.unionmember                          create a ILockBytes unmanaged byte array and then create a IStorage using the byte array as a backing store                         iLockBytes  NativeMethods.CreateILockBytesOnHGlobalIntPtr.Zero, true                         iStorage2  NativeMethods.StgCreateDocfileOnILockBytesiLockBytes, 0x00001012, 0                          copy the returned IStorage into the new IStorage                         iStorage.CopyTo0, null, IntPtr.Zero, iStorage2                         iLockBytes.Flush                         iStorage2.Commit0                          get the STATSTG of the ILockBytes to determine how many bytes were written to it                         iLockBytesStat  new System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.STATSTG                         iLockBytes.Statout iLockBytesStat, 1                         int iLockBytesSize  intiLockBytesStat.cbSize                          read the data from the ILockBytes unmanaged byte array into a managed byte array                         byte[] iLockBytesContent  new byte[iLockBytesSize]                         iLockBytes.ReadAt0, iLockBytesContent, iLockBytesContent.Length, null                          wrapped the managed byte array into a memory stream and return it                         return new MemoryStreamiLockBytesContent                                          finally                                              release all unmanaged objects                         Marshal.ReleaseComObjectiStorage2                         Marshal.ReleaseComObjectiLockBytes                         Marshal.ReleaseComObjectiStorage                                       case TYMED.TYMEDISTREAM                     to handle a IStream it needs to be read into a managed byte and                     returned as a MemoryStream                      IStream iStream  null                     System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.STATSTG iStreamStat                     try                                              marshal the returned pointer to a IStream object                         iStream  IStreamMarshal.GetObjectForIUnknownmedium.unionmember                         Marshal.Releasemedium.unionmember                          get the STATSTG of the IStream to determine how many bytes are in it                         iStreamStat  new System.Runtime.InteropServices.ComTypes.STATSTG                         iStream.Statout iStreamStat, 0                         int iStreamSize  intiStreamStat.cbSize                          read the data from the IStream into a managed byte array                         byte[] iStreamContent  new byte[iStreamSize]                         iStream.ReadiStreamContent, iStreamContent.Length, IntPtr.Zero                          wrapped the managed byte array into a memory stream and return it                         return new MemoryStreamiStreamContent                                          finally                                              release all unmanaged objects                         Marshal.ReleaseComObjectiStream                                       case TYMED.TYMEDHGLOBAL                     to handle a HGlobal the exisitng GetDataFromHGLOBLAL method is invoked via                     reflection                      return MemoryStreamthis.getDataFromHGLOBLALMethod.Invokethis.oleUnderlyingDataObject, new object[]  DataFormats.GetFormatshortformatetc.cfFormat.Name, medium.unionmember                            return null                    ltsummarygt          Returns a list of all formats that data stored in this instance is associated with or can be converted to.          ltsummarygt          ltreturnsgt          An array of the names that represents a list of all formats that are supported by the data stored in this object.          ltreturnsgt         public string[] GetFormats                      return this.underlyingDataObject.GetFormats                    ltsummarygt          Gets a list of all formats that data stored in this instance is associated with or can be converted to, using a Boolean value to determine whether to retrieve all formats that the data can be converted to or only native data formats.          ltsummarygt          ltparam nameautoConvertgttrue to retrieve all formats that data stored in this instance is associated with or can be converted to false to retrieve only native data formats.ltparamgt          ltreturnsgt          An array of the names that represents a list of all formats that are supported by the data stored in this object.          ltreturnsgt         public string[] GetFormatsbool autoConvert                      return this.underlyingDataObject.GetFormatsautoConvert                   endregion          region methods          public static void SaveToFileSystemstring[] filenames, MemoryStream[] filestreams, string path                       for int fileIndex  0 fileIndex lt filenames.Length fileIndex                              try                                      use the fileindex to get the name and data stream                     string filename  filenames[fileIndex]                     MemoryStream filestream  filestreams[fileIndex]                      save the file stream using its name to the application path                     FileStream outputStream  File.CreatePath.Combinepath, GetStrippedFileNamefilename                     filestream.WriteTooutputStream                     outputStream.Close                                  catch IOException ex                                      throw new Exceptionex.Message, ex                                  catch SecurityException ex                                      throw new Exceptionex.Message, ex                                                  public static void SaveToFileSystemFileContentDataObjectBase dataObject, string path                      dataObject.SaveToFileSystempath                   public abstract void SaveToFileSystemstring path          private static string GetStrippedFileNamestring input                      foreach var chr in Path.GetInvalidFileNameChars                 input  input.Replacechr.ToString, String.Empty             return input                   endregion   codepre  pI would like to figure out why it happens and how I can fix the issue.p  pAny help or insights would be welcome.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pIm currently using within my app the strongcodeandroid.support.v7.widget.Toolbarcodestrong and strongcodeandroid.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayoutcodestrong. Everything is working right, but there is a slight thing I want to change its behaviour. p  pWhen I open the drawer, the whole drawer occupies the codespace of the Toolbarcode. It would be nice that the Toolbar stays on top, like in the strongcodeGoogle Music appcodestrong. How can I achieve thatp  pBut the most important thing isnt the previous. codeAt first, the icon which is loaded in the application is the three stripped onecode. Ive realised that after opening the drawer, the icon changes to an arrow. And after loading a fragment, the arrow remains there as the Toolbar icon, even if I press back until the first screen. How could I avoid the arrow appearing from after opening the drawer Id want to change this icon manually, specially when I load lower level fragments.p  pThanks for your helpp  pCodep  precodepublic class HomeActivity extends BaseActivity     ...      private DrawerLayout mDrawer     private ActionBarDrawerToggle mDrawerToggle     private ListView mDrawerList     private ListView mDrawerRightList     private RelativeLayout mDrawerRelativeLayout     private String[] mDrawerMenuTitles     private Toolbar mToolbar      ...      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState           super.onCreatesavedInstanceState          mDrawerMenuTitles  getResources.getStringArrayR.array.mainmenuoptions          mDrawer  DrawerLayout findViewByIdR.id.drawer          mDrawerRelativeLayout  RelativeLayout findViewByIdR.id.theDrawerRelativeLayout          mDrawer.setDrawerShadowR.drawable.drawershadow, GravityCompat.START          mDrawerRightList  ListView findViewByIdR.id.theDrawerRight         mDrawer.setDrawerLockModeDrawerLayout.LOCKMODELOCKEDCLOSED, mDrawerRightList          mDrawerList  ListView findViewByIdR.id.theDrawer          mDrawerList.setAdapternew ArrayAdapterltStringgt                 getSupportActionBar.getThemedContext,                  R.layout.drawerlistitem,                 mDrawerMenuTitles                   mDrawerList.setOnItemClickListenernew DrawerItemClickListener          getSupportActionBar.setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabledtrue         getSupportActionBar.setHomeButtonEnabledtrue          setmToolbarToolbar findViewByIdR.id.toolbar          mDrawerToggle  new ActionBarDrawerToggle                 this,                  mDrawer,                 mToolbar,                 R.string.draweropen,                  R.string.drawerclose              Override             public void onDrawerSlideView drawerView, float slideOffset                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                 super.onDrawerSlidedrawerView, slideOffset                           Override             public void onDrawerClosedView view                  super.onDrawerClosedview                 getSupportActionBar.setTitleCURRENTFRAGMENT                            Called when a drawer has settled in a completely open state.              Override             public void onDrawerOpenedView drawerView                  super.onDrawerOpeneddrawerView                 getSupportActionBar.setTitleConfiguracin                                            mDrawerToggle.setDrawerIndicatorEnabledtrue         mDrawerToggle.syncState         mDrawer.setDrawerListenermDrawerToggle          setToolbarSubtitlegetStringR.string.misrutastitulo          initialisePreferencessavedInstanceState          if savedInstanceState  null              replaceFragmentDEFAULTFRAGMENT                     Override     public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item          switch item.getItemId              case android.R.id.home                 mDrawer.openDrawerGravityCompat.START                 return true                   return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem            private class DrawerItemClickListener implements OnItemClickListener          Override         public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt parent, View view, int position, long id              selectItemposition             final int thePos  position             mDrawer.setDrawerListener new DrawerLayout.SimpleDrawerListener                 Override                 public void onDrawerClosedView drawerView                 ....                                            ifmDrawer.isDrawerOpenGravityCompat.START                 mDrawer.closeDrawermDrawerRelativeLayout                     Override     protected void onPostCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onPostCreatesavedInstanceState          Sync the toggle state after onRestoreInstanceState has occurred.         mDrawerToggle.syncState            Override     public void onConfigurationChangedConfiguration newConfig          super.onConfigurationChangednewConfig          Pass any configuration change to the drawer toggls         mDrawerToggle.onConfigurationChangednewConfig           Override     public void onBackPressed         setToolbarSubtitlegetStringR.string.appnamesubtitle       if getSupportFragmentManager.getBackStackEntryCount  1         finish              else          super.onBackPressed                  private void replaceFragment String to          ifto.equalsIgnoreCaseCURRENTFRAGMENT             CURRENTFRAGMENT  to             Fragment fragment  Fragment.instantiateHomeActivity.this, to             String backStateName   fragment.getClass.getName             String fragmentTag  backStateName              FragmentManager manager  getSupportFragmentManager             boolean fragmentPopped  manager.popBackStackImmediate backStateName, 0              if fragmentPopped ampamp manager.findFragmentByTagfragmentTag  null fragment not in back stack, create it.                 FragmentTransaction ft  manager.beginTransaction                 ft.replaceR.id.contentframe, fragment, fragmentTag                 ft.setTransitionFragmentTransaction.TRANSITFRAGMENTFADE                 ft.addToBackStackbackStateName                 ft.commit                                    More methods     ....   codepre  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI have been able to modify a little bit my layout, so that the Toolbar stays on top of the rest screen drawer and fragment. But I havent been able to control the icon. When I open the drawer, the hamburger icon converts into the arrow. When I close the drawer, the arrow is converted into the hamburger. But when I press an option within the drawer, a new fragment is inflated and the hamburger icon is replaced by the arrow until the application is closed, so that the hamburger icon is never seen.p  pHow can I adapt the icon behaviour so that it doesnt change from hamburger to arrow when I click over a drawer optionp
Negative 325 pI have a class represents a table in database I want to fill the table into array of objectsas followingp  precodesubCat  array count0 whileline  mysqlfetcharrayresult, MYSQLASSOC      subCatName  line[subcatname]     subCatShortDescription  line[shortdescription]     subCatLongDescription  line[longdescription]     subCat  new SubCatcountryId, catName, subCatShortDescription, subCatLongDescription     subCat[count]  subCat  codepre  pI get the following errorp  precodeFatal error Cannot use object of type SubCat as array in CAppServwwwMyWebSiteclassesSubCat.php on line 34 codepre  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI would like to create a Python C extension module with a class that can dynamically aliaschangeselect its methods based on the codeinitcode method argument values.  I have not been able to find a solution in the Extending and Embedding the Python Interpreter documentation.  To illustrate, here is a working Python example that I would like to create the equivalent Python C extension class ofp  precodeclass Test     def initself, var         if var  x             self.func  self.funcx         else             self.func  self.funcy      def funcxself         printfuncx      def funcyself          printfuncy  list  [Testx, Testy, Testz] for i in rangelenlist     list[i].func codepre  pI would like to write a C code equivalent of the codeTestcode class but create the codelistcode object, with Python C extension codeTestcode elements with aliased codefunccode methods, in Python.p  pAs an example implementation, taking the Python documentation example of the codeNoddycode class of the codenoddy2code module at a hrefhttpsdocs.python.org2extendingnewtypes.htmladdingdataandmethodstothebasicexample relnofollowhttpsdocs.python.org2extendingnewtypes.htmladdingdataandmethodstothebasicexamplea, how could this example Python C extension code be extended to allow this dynamic method switching in the codeNoddyinitcode function  The codeNoddynamecode function could be duplicated and modified, and then codeNoddyinitcode modified to set codeself.funccode to one or the other based on the codefirstcode argument value.  Would you define codeself.funccode as a codePyMemberDefcode or a codePyObjectcode  Should it be registered in the codePyTypeObjectcode via emtpmethodsem or emtpmembersem  And after defining codeself.funccode, how could the desired C function be dynamically aliased to itp  pCheersp
Negative 325 pIve a bootstrap table with a column with the below structure. The table is actually binding from Database using AJAXp  precodeROW1lttdgt....lttdgtlttdgt...lttdgtlttdgtlti classfa faarrowgtltigtltinput typehidden value0lttdgt ROW2lttdgt....lttdgtlttdgt...lttdgtlttdgtlti classfa fabargtltigtltinput typehidden value1lttdgt ROW3lttdgt....lttdgtlttdgt...lttdgtlttdgtlti classfa fausergtltigtltinput typehidden value2lttdgt ......... ......... codepre  pHere the value of the hidden fields changes dynamically upon binding from database or when adding each rows. On the header of the same column there is textbox and if we specify a value 0 it will filter the table based on that hidden field value in that column. Same way if I enter 2 it will lists only the rows based on 2 as the hidden field value of that particular column cell...p  pI cant try hidden columns since there is already lots of hidden columns for the filtering purpose.. So Requesting a solution with this mode...p
Negative 325 pSo Im using CI for the first time, along with bootstrap. Weird thing is happening with the glyphicons on my pages.p  pIf I start my url in the browser with codewww.code, it all works fine. If I dont use it so example.com instead of www.example.com, the glyphicons do not show. In their place are empty square boxes.p  pCan someone explain to me why it is behaving like thisp  precodeconfig[baseurl]  httpwww.[mysitehere].ovh codepre  pNote If I change the above to codehttp[mysitehere].ovhcode then the reverse is true. If the codewww.code at the beginning is present, then the glyphicons dont work and vice versa.p
Negative 325 pHello before everyone gets all worked up over a viewbot I want to say its just a project for fun and I just wanted to try it to see if it would actually work and learn stuff along the way.  I have no interest in releasing this or trying to become parter or seriously bot people maybe just play a prank on my friend who wants to stream now and again. Now that that is said I can get on with it.p  pI wrote a basic program that builds twitch viewer tokens and then and then starts connecting them to where I believe twitch counts it view.  Here is the strange thing when I hit 10 bots it resets the viewer count to the accrual real viewers.  My question is how the heck does it figure it out.  I would like to note I am using proxies to connect so that twitch thinks these viewers are from around the world and not coming from one single location.br There is another way that i have tried and it is to build up all the viewer tokens and then instead like above where i get a view token and send it immediately I build them all up based on the proxies then send them all at the same time and this normally does goes above the 10 viewer cap but not by much however it does not reset back to the accrual viewer count.p  pHere is the code that builds the tokens a little messy so I will answer any questions that need to be answered about itp  precode ASIHTTPRequest request43  [[ASIHTTPRequest alloc] initWithURL[NSURL URLWithString[NSString stringWithFormathttpsapi.twitch.tvapichannelsaccesstokenas3t,twitchName]]]         [request43 setProxyHosthost]         [request43 setProxyPortport] [request43 addRequestHeaderHost valueapi.twitch.tv] [request43 addRequestHeaderUserAgent valueMozilla5.0 Macintosh Intel Mac OS X 10.10 rv33.0 Gecko20100101 Firefox33.0] [request43 addRequestHeaderAccept valuetexthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8] [request43 addRequestHeaderAcceptLanguage valueenUS,enq0.5] [request43 addRequestHeaderAcceptEncoding valuegzip, deflate] [request43 addRequestHeaderReferer valuehttpwwwcdn.jtvnw.netswflibsTwitchPlayer.rc356cd0c16b6941b7f81b61f6c81628e0af555d9.swf] [request43 addRequestHeaderCookie value qcaP016743064741405279259134 utma165406266.651051162.1405279260.1417284372.1417380722.33 utmz165406266.1411832471.26.8.utmcsrtwitch.tvutmccnreferralutmcmdreferralutmcctnozux languageenus gadsIDbc1b6635a26dc0a7T1405279267SALNIMY1rrxM6Qf6aSlUCRlff0o0gtUaA uniqueide8ba8f001f90b6bc293ab6e79ea0b1bb utmc165406266 featurebucket88 twitchsessionidc06f09efe4c36c8ea46176deabab0cb5 utmb165406266.0.10.1417380722 mp809576468572134f909dffa6bd0dcfcfmixpanel7B22distinctid223A2022147312bcdb9890fc383a2c8694541652d4213c680147312bcdba176222C2224initialreferrer223A2022http3A2F2Fintl.gg2F222C2224initialreferringdomain223A2022intl.gg227D] [request43 addRequestHeaderConnection valuekeepalive] [request43 addRequestHeaderIfNoneMatch value11b92749f327a27cb4ebfb8b57f12b15] [request43 addRequestHeaderCache control valuenocache]         [request43 setTimeOutSeconds10]         [request43 setFailedBlock             NSLogfailed 1st             NSLog,request43.error         ]         [request43 setCompletionBlock              NSError error             NSDictionary jsonDic  [NSJSONSerialization JSONObjectWithDatarequest43.responseData options0 erroramperror]             NSString token  [[jsonDic valueForKeytoken] stringByAddingPercentEscapesUsingEncoding                                NSASCIIStringEncoding]              NSString sig  [jsonDic valueForKeysig]             NSLog,jsonDic              ASIHTTPRequest request44  [[ASIHTTPRequest alloc] initWithURL[NSURL URLWithString[NSString stringWithFormathttpusher.twitch.tvapichannelhls.m3u8tokenampp4753325ampplayertwitchwebampsigampsegmentpreference4,twitchName,token,sig]]]             httpusher.twitch.tvapichannelhls.m3u8tokenampp4753325ampplayertwitchwebampsigampsegmentpreference4                            [request44 addRequestHeaderHost valueusher.twitch.tv]             [request44 addRequestHeaderUserAgent valueMozilla5.0 Macintosh Intel Mac OS X 10.10 rv33.0 Gecko20100101 Firefox33.0]             [request44 addRequestHeaderAccept valuetexthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8]             [request44 addRequestHeaderAcceptLanguage valueenUS,enq0.5]             [request44 addRequestHeaderAcceptEncoding valuegzip, deflate]             [request44 addRequestHeaderReferer valuehttpwwwcdn.jtvnw.netswflibsTwitchPlayer.rc356cd0c16b6941b7f81b61f6c81628e0af555d9.swf]             [request44 addRequestHeaderCookie value qcaP016743064741405279259134 utma165406266.651051162.1405279260.1417284372.1417380722.33 utmz165406266.1411832471.26.8.utmcsrtwitch.tvutmccnreferralutmcmdreferralutmcctnozux languageenus gadsIDbc1b6635a26dc0a7T1405279267SALNIMY1rrxM6Qf6aSlUCRlff0o0gtUaA uniqueide8ba8f001f90b6bc293ab6e79ea0b1bb utmc165406266 featurebucket88 twitchsessionidc06f09efe4c36c8ea46176deabab0cb5 utmb165406266.0.10.1417380722 mp809576468572134f909dffa6bd0dcfcfmixpanel7B22distinctid223A2022147312bcdb9890fc383a2c8694541652d4213c680147312bcdba176222C2224initialreferrer223A2022http3A2F2Fintl.gg2F222C2224initialreferringdomain223A2022intl.gg227D]             [request44 addRequestHeaderConnection valuekeepalive]             [request44 addRequestHeaderCache control valuenocache]             [request44 setProxyHosthost]             [request44 setProxyPortport]             [request44 setFailedBlock                 NSLogfailed 2st                 NSLog,request44.error             ]             [request44 setCompletionBlock                   NSLog,[[NSString alloc] initWithDatarequest44.responseData encodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]                  NSString urls  [[NSString alloc] initWithDatarequest44.responseData encodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]                  NSLog,urls                 NSArray urlArray  [urls componentsSeparatedByStringhttp]                 NSLog,urlArray                  if urlArray.count lt 2                      return                                   NSString url  [NSString stringWithFormathttp,[[[urlArray objectAtIndex1] componentsSeparatedByStringn] objectAtIndex0]]                  NSString url  [[NSString stringWithFormathttp,[urlArray lastObject]] stringByReplacingOccurrencesOfStringn withString]                 NSLog,url                 if [url rangeOfStringvideo].location  NSNotFound                      NSLog,url                     ASIHTTPRequest final  [[ASIHTTPRequest alloc] initWithURL[NSURL URLWithStringurl]]                       [final setProxyHosthost]                     [final setProxyPortport]                     [final addRequestHeaderCache control valuenocache]                     [final addRequestHeaderHost valuevideo11.iad02.hls.twitch.tv]                     [final addRequestHeaderUserAgent valueMozilla5.0 Macintosh Intel Mac OS X 10.10 rv33.0 Gecko20100101 Firefox33.0]                     [final addRequestHeaderAccept valuetexthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8]                     [final addRequestHeaderAcceptLanguage valueenUS,enq0.5]                     [final addRequestHeaderAcceptEncoding valuegzip, deflate]                     [final addRequestHeaderReferer valuehttpwwwcdn.jtvnw.netswflibsTwitchPlayer.rc356cd0c16b6941b7f81b61f6c81628e0af555d9.swf]                     [final addRequestHeaderCookie valueqcaP016743064741405279259134 utma165406266.651051162.1405279260.1417284372.1417380722.33 utmz165406266.1411832471.26.8.utmcsrtwitch.tvutmccnreferralutmcmdreferralutmcctnozux languageenus gadsIDbc1b6635a26dc0a7T1405279267SALNIMY1rrxM6Qf6aSlUCRlff0o0gtUaA uniqueide8ba8f001f90b6bc293ab6e79ea0b1bb utmc165406266 featurebucket88 twitchsessionidc06f09efe4c36c8ea46176deabab0cb5 utmb165406266.0.10.1417380722 mp809576468572134f909dffa6bd0dcfcfmixpanel7B22distinctid223A2022147312bcdb9890fc383a2c8694541652d4213c680147312bcdba176222C2224initialreferrer223A2022http3A2F2Fintl.gg2F222C2224initialreferringdomain223A2022intl.gg227D]                     [final addRequestHeaderConnection valuekeepalive]                     [final setFailedBlock                         NSLogfinal failed                     ]                     [final setCompletionBlock                           if [final.responseString rangeOfStringEXTXMEDIASEQUENCE].location  NSNotFound                              [self.builtRequests addObjectfinal]                             if proxyDictonary                                  [self.SuccessProxies addObjectproxyDictonary]                                                           [self sendRequestfinal]                             NSLoglu,builtRequests.count                          else                              NSLog,final.responseHeaders                             NSLog,final.responseString                                                ]                      [final startAsynchronous]                                 ]             [request44 startAsynchronous]          ]         [request43 startAsynchronous] codepre  pHere are the response headers from my code when the connections are successfulp  precodeRequest43AcceptRanges  bytes Age  0 CacheControl  maxage0, private, mustrevalidate Connection  keepalive ContentEncoding  gzip ContentLength  231 ContentType  applicationjson charsetutf8 Date  Wed, 03 Dec 2014 205139 GMT Etag  151bb8422eb29f9f33a520ab352f152e FrontEndHttps  on Server  nginx Status  200 OK Vary  AcceptEncoding Via  1.1 varnish WwwAuthenticate  OAuth realmTwitchTV XAPIVersion  3 XFrameOptions  SAMEORIGIN XMHCache  appcache2 M XRequestId  7939f63c1e3130c43a4edfc9a0911629 XRuntime  0.030651 XUACompatible  IEEdge,chrome1 XVarnish  1041100800  Request44Connection  keepalive ContentLength  2268 ContentType  applicationvnd.apple.mpegurl Date  Wed, 03 Dec 2014 205244 GMT Server  nginx Via  usher258933 XCache  MISS from CLONWLPROX1 XCacheLookup  MISS from CLONWLPROX19999 finalAcceptRanges  bytes AccessControlAllowOrigin  httpssecure.twitch.tv Age  1 CacheControl  nocache, nostore, private Connection  keepalive ContentLength  351 ContentType  applicationvnd.apple.mpegurl charsetutf8 Date  Wed, 03 Dec 2014 205756 GMT Expires  Wed, 03 Dec 2014 205755 GMT LastModified  Wed, 03 Dec 2014 205753 GMT Server  nginx Via  1.1 CLONWLPROX1 squid3.3.8 XCache  MISS from CLONWLPROX1 XCacheLookup  MISS from CLONWLPROX19999 codepre  pHere are the response headers from firefox when i go to a stream through the browser.p  precoderequest44AcceptRangesbytes codepre  pAge0 CacheControlmaxage0, private, mustrevalidate Connectionkeepalive ContentEncodinggzip ContentLength230 ContentTypeapplicationjson charsetutf8 DateWed, 03 Dec 2014 210744 GMT ETag74252dca9d2cf4e5da6f91f0d9fcc6c0 FrontEndHttpson Servernginx Status200 OK VaryAcceptEncoding Via1.1 varnish WWWAuthenticateOAuth realmTwitchTV XAPIVersion3 XFrameOptionsSAMEORIGIN XMHCacheappcache2 M XRequestId13c6dbe385ebb778b21596eadb83f4bc XRuntime0.060941 XUACompatibleIEEdge,chrome1 XVarnish1048532873p  precoderequest44Connectionkeepalive codepre  pContentLength2252 ContentTypeapplicationvnd.apple.mpegurl DateWed, 03 Dec 2014 210744 GMT Servernginx viausher168947p  precodefinalAcceptRangesbytes codepre  pAccessControlAllowOrigina hrefhttpssecure.twitch.tv relnofollowhttpssecure.twitch.tva Age0 CacheControlnocache, nostore, private Connectionkeepalive ContentLength351 ContentTypeapplicationvnd.apple.mpegurl charsetutf8 DateWed, 03 Dec 2014 210746 GMT ExpiresWed, 03 Dec 2014 210747 GMT KeepAlivetimeout50 LastModifiedWed, 03 Dec 2014 210742 GMT Servernginxp
Negative 325 pI have made a simple Chrome extension to automatically take me to the next episode of a series im watching. Just to be clear the code WORKS pp  pBut, since calls to the Chrome API are mostly asynchronous, I had to cut the function in 3 different parts and I had to use a global variable to be able to open a new tab.p  pSince I have always heard that global variables are bad style, I would like to know whats possible to solve this problem albeit it a minor one.p  pAny tips are welcomep  precodeGlobal var  bad style var newUrl  Event listener for extension button click chrome.browserAction.onClicked.addListenergetHistory  function getHistory tab      chrome.history.searchtext watchop.comwatch, processHistory   function processHistory  history      var lastUrl  history[0].url     var regEx  d3      There is no history or the last page was the home page, so just go to the home page     if  history.length  0   regEx.testlastUrl          newUrl  httpwww1.watchop.com      There is history get the number of the last viewed episode      else          grab first captured group         var lastEp  regEx.execlastUrl         lastEp  lastEp[1]         var newEp  parseIntlastEp  1         newUrl  httpwww1.watchop.comwatchonepieceepisode  newEp  englishsubbed           Get possible tabs in which OP is opened     chrome.tabs.queryurl httpwww1.watchop.com, gotoOP   function gotoOP tabs       There are open tabs     if tabs.length  0          var tab  tabs[0]         chrome.tabs.highlighttabs tab.index, doNothing         Change window location of the active tab         chrome.tabs.executeScripttab.id, code document.location    newUrl  , doNothing      No open tabs, just make a new one      else          chrome.tabs.createurl newUrl        Bogus function because some chrome API calls require a callback function function doNothing window      return  codepre
Negative 325 pI am currently working on program with a lot of source files. Sometimes it is difficult to keep track of what libraries I have already codeincludecoded. Theoretically, I could make a single header file called codeHeaders.hcode that just contains all the codeincludecode statements I need, then make all other header files codeinclude Headers.hcode.p  pWhy is this a goodbad ideap
Negative 325 pI am new to mongoose and not able to figure out how to map schema with my client controller.p  pHere is my server model.js file and I want to add list of users having fieldsFid,Fname in ListSchema mentioned below to my databasep  precode var mongoose  requiremongoose,  Schema  mongoose.Schema    var ListSchema  new Schema      Fid Number,      FName String             var NetworkSchema  new Schema      nameid           type Number,          default ,          trim true      ,      NetworkList [ListSchema],        mongoose.modelNetwork, NetworkSchema codepre  pFormp  precodeltsection datangcontrollerNetworksControllergt ltdiv classpageheadergt     lth1gtNew Networklth1gt ltdivgt ltdiv classcolmd12gt     ltform classformhorizontal datangsubmitcreate novalidategt         ltfieldsetgt             ltdiv classformgroupgt                 ltlabel classcontrollabel fornameidgtIDltlabelgt                 ltlabel classcontrollabel forFidgtltlabelgt                 ltlabel classcontrollabel forFNamegtltlabelgt                  ltdiv classcontrolsgt                     ltinput typetext datangmodelnameid idnameid classformcontrol placeholderName requiredgt                     ltinput typetext datangmodelFid idFid classformcontrol placeholderFid requiredgt                     ltinput typetext datangmodelFName idFName classformcontrol placeholderFName requiredgt              ltdivgt             ltdiv classformgroupgt                 ltinput typesubmit classbtn btndefaultgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv datangshowerror classtextdangergt                 ltstrong datangbinderrorgtltstronggt             ltdivgt         ltfieldsetgt     ltformgt ltdivgt codepre  pp  pand here is the code where i am trying to map attributes defined in schema in client.controller.js filep  precode    scope.create  function       Create new Network object     var network  new Networks           nameid this.nameid,         ListSchema.Fid this.ListSchema.Fid  This is where i am getting wrong when i tried to map Fid and FName fields mentioned in ListSchema             ListSchema.FName this.ListSchema.FName i tried this but it didnt worked          codepre  pAny kind of suggestion or help on how could I map Fid,FName so that I can store value of these fields in databasep
Negative 325 pIm trying to implement WordCap in a TextView on Android, here is my codep  precodeSpannableStringBuilder span  new SpannableStringBuilder          span.append  span.appendstr    Drawable localDrawable  tvText.getResources.getDrawableR.drawable.none localDrawable.setBounds0, 0, 105, 1 ImageSpan isp  new ImageSpanlocalDrawable            span.setSpanisp, 0, 1, Spanned.SPANINCLUSIVEEXCLUSIVE tvText.setTextspan codepre  pResultp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comi0fjR.png altp  pIt works fine until I upgrade to Android 5.0 Lollipop. The drawable setBound is not working anymore. It looks like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comADitu.png altp  pI still cant find a solution to fix this. Please help Thanks a lot.p
Negative 325 pHow to redirect with variables in django  Please guide me,thank you.p  purls.pyp  precodeurlpatterns  patterns,     urlr, views.index, nameindex,     urlrcomputer, views.computer, namecomputer,     urlrresult, views.result, nameresult,  codepre  pThis is my original views.py   p  precodedef computerrequest     result   Computer.objects.orderby[1]     return renderrequest, manyresult.html,resultresult   codepre  pAnd I found I problem, render will not redirect to  codemoneymanyresult.htmlcode on the url,br so if the user refresh, it will get another result on the same page.  p  pSo I have to use redirect to codemanyresult.htmlcode .br Whats the usually way to redirect in django and I have to pass variable coderesultcode  I try this,but not work  p  precodedef resultrequest     return renderrequest, manyresult.html  def computerrequest     result   Computer.objects.orderby[1]          url  reversemanyresult, kwargs result result      return HttpResponseRedirecturl codepre
Negative 325 pLets assume I have an entity codeLocationscode which has an entity codeImagecodeas followsp  precodeEntity private class Location      private int id     private String name     private ListltImagegt images     getters, setters   Entity private class Image      private int id     private String physycalLocationOnDisk     getters, setters  codepre  pSo basically in JSON I would get something likep  precode     name location1     images [                    physicalLocationOnDisk  cmyimageslocation1image1        ,                    physicalLocationOnDisk  cmyimageslocation1image2             ]  codepre  pThis means that first of all I expose my internal disk structure and I dont adhere to HATEOAS principles where this should be a clickable link which will download the image for you. Meaning that I would like to have something like this for the image resource insteadp  precode        link localhost8080myapprestimages1file  codepre  pWhere 1 is the image id. Obviously I wouldnt want to store a link such as the above in the db.p  pThe way I used to do it in the old days was to create a custom Image entity DTO and on the Rest Controller layer where the base server url is also available I would construct the specific link as I would like. Providing obviously the appropriate GET endpoint to download the image.p  pHowever in codeSpring Data Restcode everything is automated. Can I configure Spring somehow to generate such a link for mep
Negative 325 pI have a problem with custom UITableViewCell. When i reload table view with methods reload data, beginUpdateendUpdate, reloadRowsAtIndexPath often my uitableviewcells blink, but not always. What can cause such problem Additional informationCell has background alpha 0all cells have different heightsim sure i reload data in main thread. Thanks for help.p
Negative 325 pIm new to JS, and Im trying to find out how a user can search for a number in an input box, and have the javascript alert the user where the number is in the array, or whether its not in the array at all. I have a link to my Fiddle, and the problem is the function in the lower half after the comment. p  precodehttpjsfiddle.net83r24j3j3 codepre  pAny help would be greatly appreciated Thank you.p  pAnd excuse me ahead of time for using codedocument.writecode, some bad habits are hard to break.p
Negative 325 pI work actually on a symfony2 project with MongoDB but Im faced to a strange problem, when I want to submit some data in a form, symfony do a validation of these data but it loads an EntityManager so it tries to connect to a SQL server, obviously I got an errorp  precodeAn exception occured in driver SQLSTATE[28000] [1045] Blah Blah ...  codepre  pThe correct dataclass is loaded for each form example MyProjectUserBundleDocumentUser so logicaly it will use the correct ObjectManager so DocumentManager for MongoDB but no...p  pThe project Im working on is separated on 3 web applications but work with the same database and have to manage MongoDB and others who orm can work with. So we have in dependencies a library which manages entities or documents with servicesmanagersetc.. like FosUserBundle for example. And this problem came when we implemented the library.p  pI tried different things if it was the namespace or because the document was in vendor so I inherited documents in children bundle but still the same problem.p  pNotice Even FosUserBundle forms doesnt work anymore except the login but its symfony security partp  pI dont have much code to share since I have totally no idea where is come from.p  pThere is a way to force the ObjectManager to a form  Or something else p
Negative 325 pHow can i integrate tesseract with netbeans 8.0 to work in CC. I explored several websites for this purpose but everywhere they have given integration either with Visual Studio or Netbeans for JAVA. I tried the similar procedure as is for Visual Studio but that didnt worked out. After adding various directories and libraries, I tried a sample code given in Tesseract forum which is giving a compilation error asp  pstrongcc1plus.exe fatal error ..........tesseractincludeleptonica No such file or directorystrongp  pGiven directory path is absolutely valid so i have no idea how to proceed further. A deep help in this matter will be appreciated. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pI havep  pHexRenderer.jsp  precode   HexRenderer   game.HexRenderer  game.HexRenderer    game.HexRenderer  me.Renderable.extend      init  function          init logic     ,      draw  functioncontext         draw logic     ,      update  function          return false       codepre  pPlay.jsp  precodegame.PlayScreen  me.ScreenObject.extend              action to perform on state change           onResetEvent function            load a level         me.levelDirector.loadLevelhextile           reset the score         game.data.score  0           add our HexRenderer to the game world         console.logtypeofgame.HexRenderer  undefined         this.hexagonGrid  new game.HexRenderer  Error appears here         me.game.world.addChildthis.hexagonGrid     ,                action to perform when leaving this screen state change           onDestroyEvent function           remove the HexRenderer from the game world         me.game.world.removeChildthis.hexagonGrid       codepre  pindex.htmlp  precode    lt melonJS Library gt     lt buildjs jsapp.min.js gt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjslibmelonJS2.0.0.jsgtltscriptgt      lt Plugins gt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjslibpluginsdebugdebugPanel.jsgtltscriptgt      lt Game Scripts gt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsmelonentitiesHexRenderer.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsmelonGame.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsmelonResources.jsgtltscriptgt      ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsmelonentitiesEntities.jsgtltscriptgt      ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsmelonscreensTitle.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsmelonscreensPlay.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  pCode is based on melonjs a hrefhttpmelonjs.github.iotutorialplatformer relnofollowtutoriala.p  pOn launching I seep  blockquote   pTypeError game.HexRenderer is not a constructorp blockquote  pThe thing is that strongeverything works just fine in Windowsstrong, but strongdoesnt work on Linux MintstrongTried in last chrome and firefox version.p  pIs it some trick  Whats the difference, how it related to OSp
Negative 325 phow do i access the strongvaluestrong from string.xmlp  precodeltstringarray namecountriesarraygt     ltitem valueingtIndialtitemgt ltstringarraygt codepre  pi want if some one selects strongIndiastrong then i can get stronginstrongbrp  precodecountrySelector.getSelectedItem.toString codepre  pThis gives strongIndiastrongp
Negative 325 pI have a character vector codexcode and a codedata.framecode codeycodeas follows.p  precodex lt cPumpkin Helmet, Warm  Puppy, Frisbee Sailing,        Warm Puppy Frisbee Sailing, Good Sport, Masked Marvel,        Spring Dance, Spring Warm Dance Puppy, Sock it to Me,        Maskedspring Dancemarvel, warm Puppy, masked marvel,        WARM PUPPY,  Spring Dance, Warm Puppy Spring  Dance,         Warmspring Dancepuppy x     [1] Pumpkin Helmet             Warm  Puppy                Frisbee Sailing             [4] Warm Puppy Frisbee Sailing Good Sport                 Masked Marvel               [7] Spring Dance               Spring Warm Dance Puppy    Sock it to Me              [10] Maskedspring Dancemarvel   warm Puppy                 masked marvel              [13] WARM PUPPY                  Spring Dance              Warm Puppy Spring  Dance   [16] Warmspring Dancepuppy    a lt cMasked, Warm, spring b lt cMarvel, Puppy, dance y lt data.framea,b  y        a      b 1 Masked Marvel 2   Warm  Puppy 3 spring  dance codepre  pI am trying to create a function using coderegexcode to merge the words in a row in y wherever they exist in codexcode.p  pI have tried the following to get the desired coderegexcode before trying codeapplycode with codexcode and codeycode.p  precodegsubSpringsDance., SpringDance, x gsubspringsDance., SpringDance, x gsubWarmsPuppy., WarmPuppy, x codepre  pI am still sruggling with coderegexcode in codeRcode to get the desired output codeoutcode. What will be the ideal coderegexcode in this case It should match only whole words, should ignore case and remove multiple space in between.p  precodeout lt cPumpkin Helmet, WarmPuppy, Frisbee Sailing,          WarmPuppy Frisbee Sailing, Good Sport, MaskedMarvel,          SpringDance, Spring Warm Dance Puppy, Sock it to Me,          Maskedspring Dancemarvel, warmPuppy, maskedmarvel,          WARMPUPPY,  SpringDance, WarmPuppy SpringDance,           Warmspring Dancepuppy   [1] Pumpkin Helmet            WarmPuppy                 Frisbee Sailing            [4] WarmPuppy Frisbee Sailing Good Sport                MaskedMarvel               [7] SpringDance               Spring Warm Dance Puppy   Sock it to Me             [10] Maskedspring Dancemarvel  warmPuppy                 maskedmarvel              [13] WARMPUPPY                  SpringDance              WarmPuppy SpringDance     [16] Warmspring Dancepuppy  codepre
Negative 325 pI have a table in a .jsp. I need to pass a value from a cell to another cell which acts as a link that calls an action. The action when fails should redirect to a jsp pop up.p  pThis is what my code does when is ok. Just download a pdf.p  precodeltbeandefine idcodFactura namefactura propertynumeroFacturagt lta href onclickwindow.openLeMieFatture.gasactioncompruebaFacturaampidFacturaltcodFacturagtgt codepre  pI do not know how to show the popup. I would need a submit as I need to pass a valuebut I dont have any form. So I thought of javascript. This is what I triedp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function rellenarFormidFactura         document.misFacturasForm.actionLeMieFatture.gasactioncompruebaFacturaampidFacturaltcodFacturagt          codepre  pAnd then instead of the html above Id put thisp  precodelthtmlimage srcimgicodescargarpdf.gif onclickjavascriptrellenarFormltbeanwritenamecodFacturagt gt codepre  pIt just fail.  Im quite newcomer at Struts1. Any helpp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pWhat I want is a dynamic line between my coordinate source and a red dot. The red dot should leave a trace of dots behind, as I repaint, while the line should not leave a trace behind.p  pRight now neither line nor dot leave a trace since I codesuper.paintComponentgfxcode. Any idea how can I achieve the dynamic line and the traceleaving dot The classes below are compileable, so you can reconstruct my issue.p  pMy Main and JPanel classes arep  precodeimport javax.swing. import java.util.ArrayList import java.awt. import java.awt.event.ActionEvent import java.awt.event.ActionListener  public class Main       public static void mainString Args[]              Initialize Points         ArrayListltPointgt carthCoords  new ArrayListltPointgt         Point p1  new Point300,300         Point p2  new Point300,200         carthCoords.addp1         carthCoords.addp2          Create JPanel         CoordSystem coordPanel  new CoordSystem800, 800, carthCoords          Display Points on JFrame         JFrame jFrame  new JFramePoints and Vectors         jFrame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE         jFrame.setSize800, 800         javax.swing.Timer t  new javax.swing.Timer10, coordPanel         jFrame.addcoordPanel         t.start         jFrame.setVisibletrue       codepre  pAnd the JPanel classp  precodeimport javax.swing. import java.util.ArrayList import java.awt. import java.awt.event.ActionEvent import java.awt.event.ActionListener  public class CoordSystem extends JPanel implements ActionListener     public int W     public int H     ArrayListltPointgt points      public CoordSystemint width, int height, ArrayListltPointgt pointz               this.W  width         this.H  height         this.points  pointz           public void paintComponentGraphics gfx              super.paintComponentgfx         setBackgroundColor.white         Draw Coordinate System         gfx.setColorColor.blue         gfx.drawLineW2, 0, W2, H         gfx.drawLine0, H2, W, H2          Draw Points         if points  null                      int x,y             for Point p  points                              x  intp.getX                 y  intp.getY                 gfx.setColorColor.red                 gfx.fillOvalW2  x, H2  y, 10, 10                 gfx.setColorColor.black                 gfx.drawLineW2  x,H2  y, W2, H2                                 Override     public void actionPerformedActionEvent actionEvent          for Point point  points                      point.translate0,1                  repaint       codepre
Negative 325 pIm running this command on my Android phone with an FFmpeg library. It works great for combining videos into one resultant video, but not with images. Heres the commandp  precode framerate 4 startnumber 0 i storageemulated0Picturesphototest3d.jpg cv libx264 r 30 pixfmt yuv420p storageemulated0Picturesphototestresult.mp4 codepre  pThe error isp  precodestorageemulated0Picturesphototest3d.jpg No such file or directory codepre  pThe images are just consecutively named, e.g. 1.jpg, 2.jpg and so on, and theyre definitely there  though I think FFMPEG is taking the image file name literally rather than interpreting it. Im missing something obvious here, Im sure of it. I looked round StackOverflow and the whole 3d wildcard is supposed to work Any ideasp  pEDIT Running the command with just the first image 1.jpg works fine. Definitely an issue with the wildcard. In addition, running the command without the image path in quotes doesnt seem to work either.p  pEDIT 2 Adding img in front of every file so that it its img1.jpg, img2.jpg and so on doesnt work either. Is there a way to pass multiple images separated by  like the concat commandp
Negative 325 pIn my Ruby on Rails application I have a constant like thisp  precodeTIME  3.days codepre  pIs there a way to output this value in hoursp  precode gt 72 codepre  pThanks for any help.p
Negative 325 pI have a number of user libraries and Eclipse Kepler hangs when tying to add a user libraries.  It hangs when I press Project properties  Java Build Path  Libraries tab  Add Library...  User Libraries button.  I have about 5 user libraries configured. Any ideasp  pVersion Kepler Service Release 2 Build id 201402240627p
Negative 325 pIm probably being immensely dense here, but I cant see how to do what Im trying to do.p  pI want a recursive diff between two server folders with a text ie Unified output.  Ive tried thisp  precodetf diff recursive AB ABranchB formatUnified Unable to determine the workspace.  You may be able to correct this by running tf workspaces collectionTeamProjectCollectionUrl. codepre  pSwitching to a workspace folder and trying the same command just says that all of the files only appear in the branch.p  pcodetf folderdiffcode does almost what I want  except that the only option for output is the graphical folder difference view.  Im looking for something more like the output of codediff rcode.p  pIs this possible  Am I missing somethingp  pBTW I am using TFS 2010 Server and Visual Studio  Team Explorer 2013.p
Negative 325 pI have a problem and I dont know what to search to find my solution.p  pI want the case to only give me a success message when myString equals a certain value and when it doesnt, it gives a error messagep  precodecase test  myString placeholder.prependCant test ,myString ,ltbrgt break  case test  myString   this placeholder.prependTested ,myString ,ltbrgt break codepre
Negative 325 pI have added a DependencyProperty to my View, binding to the DependencyProperty works, but only if I do not also set the DataContext.p  pstrongGenericView.xamlstrongp  precodeltUserControl xClassGenericProject.View.GenericView              xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation              xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlgt     ltStackPanelgt         ltButton CommandBinding VMFactory.CreateViewModelCommand, RelativeSourceRelativeSource AncestorTypexType UserControl gt         ltTextBox IsEnabledFalse TextBinding SomeProperty, ModeOneWay gt     ltStackPanelgt ltUserControlgt codepre  pstrongGenericView.xaml.csstrongp  precodepublic partial class GenericView  UserControl       The DependencyProperty for VMFactory.     public static readonly DependencyProperty VMFactoryProperty  DependencyProperty.RegisterVMFactory, typeofVMFactoryViewModelltGenericViewModelgt, typeofGenericView      public VMFactoryViewModelltGenericViewModelgt VMFactory              get  return VMFactoryViewModelltGenericViewModelgtGetValueVMFactoryProperty          set  SetValueVMFactoryProperty, value            public GenericView              InitializeComponent       codepre  pHere I am creating two views to illustrate the issue at hand. The VMFactory binding in the first view will fail because I have DataContext set. The second view will succeed, what is the cause of this behaviorp  pstrongMainPage.xamlstrongp  precodeltvwGenericView DataContextBinding Generic VMFactoryBinding GenericFactory gt ltvwGenericView VMFactoryBinding GenericFactory gt codepre
Negative 325 pi am trying to track active ApplicationFile on my system using Windows applicationc.p  precode        [DllImportuser32.dll]         static extern IntPtr GetForegroundWindow          [DllImportuser32.dll]         static extern int GetWindowTextIntPtr hWnd, StringBuilder text, int count          private string GetActiveWindowTitle                      const int nChars  256             StringBuilder Buff  new StringBuildernChars             IntPtr handle  GetForegroundWindow              if GetWindowTexthandle, Buff, nChars gt 0                              return Buff.ToString     handle                          return null                    private string GetActiveWindowPath                      const int nChars  256             StringBuilder Buff  new StringBuildernChars             IntPtr handle  GetForegroundWindow             int handleint  int.Parsehandle               SHDocVw.ShellWindows explorer  new SHDocVw.ShellWindows              var xy  new SHDocVw.InternetExplorerMedium              var xpl  explorer.CastltSHDocVw.InternetExplorerMediumgt.Wherehwnd gt hwnd.HWND  handleint.FirstOrDefault             if xpl  null                              string path  new Urixpl.LocationURL.LocalPath                 return location  xpl.LocationName   path  path                          return HWND  handleint          codepre  pBut by using the above code i only getting file title not the complete file name with extension and by using other method i am just getting folder info.p  pBut i am trying to get the file extension with path strongEg DNew FoldersampleFile.txtstrong p
Negative 325 pIm trying to use codenew ResourceConfig.getContainerRequestFilters.addcode in my application but this method is no longer available.Is there an alternative to this or is this entirely droppedp
Negative 325 pIn php.ini theres this line codezendextension  Cxamppphpextphpeacceleratorts.dllcode and following this guide at a hrefhttpsstackoverflow.comquestions1891031xampponwin7tooslowXAMPP on Win7 too slowa it says uncommenting that line makes XAMPP faster, but whats the point if the file wasnt even installed with latest Windows XAMPP installer. p  pSo I snatched the file from Google and put in the dir, but now when starting servers Apache and the rest it gives this error a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comajQmg.jpg relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comajQmg.jpga not enough rep to post pics yet.p
Negative 325 pstrongemContextemstrongp  pI follow some examples to create a simple app with material design and at the same time retrocompatible with skd14.p  pSo I createp  precodevaluestheme.xml values21theme.xml codepre  pstrongvaluesthemes.xmlstrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltresourcesgt      ltstyle nameAppTheme.Base parentTheme.AppCompatgt         ltitem namecolorPrimarygtcolorcolorPrimaryltitemgt         ltitem namecolorPrimaryDarkgtcolorcolorPrimaryltitemgt         ltitem nameandroidwindowNoTitlegttrueltitemgt         ltitem namewindowActionBargtfalseltitemgt     ltstylegt ltresourcesgt codepre  pstrongvaluesv21themes.xmlstrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltresourcesgt     ltstyle nameAppTheme parentAppTheme.Basegt         ltitem nameandroidwindowContentTransitionsgttrueltitemgt         ltitem nameandroidwindowAllowEnterTransitionOverlapgttrueltitemgt         ltitem nameandroidwindowAllowReturnTransitionOverlapgttrueltitemgt         ltitem nameandroidwindowSharedElementEnterTransitiongtandroidtransitionmoveltitemgt         ltitem nameandroidwindowSharedElementExitTransitiongtandroidtransitionmoveltitemgt     ltstylegt ltresourcesgt codepre  pstrongMainActivitystrongp  precodeOverride     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain         Toolbar toolbar  Toolbar findViewByIdR.id.toolbar         if toolbar  null              setSupportActionBartoolbar               codepre  pstrongmainlayoutstrongp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid                 xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools                 androidlayoutwidthmatchparent                 androidlayoutheightmatchparent                 androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin                 androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin                 androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin                 androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin                 toolscontext.MainActivitygt      ltTextView         androidtextstringhelloworld         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontentgt      ltinclude         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         layoutlayouttoolbar         androidlayoutalignParentToptrue         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutalignParentStarttrue         androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue         androidlayoutalignParentEndtruegt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  ptoolbar.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltandroid.support.v7.widget.Toolbar     xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidididtoolbar     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidbackgroundattrcolorPrimaryDarkgt codepre  pstrongemProblememstrongp  pIn the phone with Android 5.0 goes perfect, but in the phone with 4.4.4 these error is launched and I dont know how to fix it.p  precodeCaused by java.lang.IllegalStateException This Activity already has an action bar supplied by the window decor. Do not request Window.FEATUREACTIONBAR and set windowActionBar to false in your theme to use a Toolbar instead.             at android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivityDelegateBase.setSupportActionBarActionBarActivityDelegateBase.java165             at android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity.setSupportActionBarActionBarActivity.java92             at com.shudy.loteriadenavidad.MainActivity.onCreateMainActivity.java18             at android.app.Activity.performCreateActivity.java5231             at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1087             at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2169 at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2264 at android.app.ActivityThread.access800ActivityThread.java144 at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1205 at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102 at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java136 at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5139 at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515 at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java796 at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java612 at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre
Negative 325 pIve created some buttons in java and when it is clicked a new form should show up.I want to use the arrow keys to select buttons and space bar to click it. My code works when I run the project from an ide or cmd.But when a runnable jar file is created using eclipse the buttons are not getting highlighted when I press the keyboard keys.I am able to use only the mouse.Where could the problem bep
Negative 325 p Im working on a project using Autotools and want to integrate Autotest for all the functional tests. Each test has to be run like thisp  pre classlangsh prettyprintoverridecode.program lttest filegt codepre  pMy codetopsrcdirtestscode directory looks like thisp  pre classlangsh prettyprintoverridecode ls 1p     good  Directory containing files expected to pass.     bad   Directory containing files expected to fail.     testsuite.at  The test suite.      Makefile.am, atlocal.in, etc... codepre  pBoth codegoodcode and codebadcode contains an average of 150 test files. I would like to avoid typing each test by hand, and I cant seem to find how to reproduce something like whats next with m4Autotest macrosp  pre classlangsh prettyprintoverridecodefor i in ls good  do     ATSETUP[i]     ATCHECK[.program i]     ATCLEANUP done codepre  pThe realworld case which is the closest to mine and that I found lies in the test suite of the m4 project which generates a codegenerated.atcode file using its own documentation.br Should I follow this way and generate codegood.atcode and codebad.atcode before invoking codeautom4tecode on codetestsuite.atcode, or is there a way using m4Autotest macros p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm working with Spring  Hibernate and im getting crazy with inheritance, i hope you can help me p  pIve a Staff superclass and then some subclases like Coach or Player so I dont know how to implement this inheritance in my DAOs.p  pThis is StaffDao definitionp  precodetrait StaffDao[SubStaff lt Staff] extends GenericDao[SubStaff, java.lang.Long]  RepositorystaffDao class StaffDaoJPA[SubStaff lt Staff]     extends GenericDaoJPA[SubStaff, java.lang.Long]     with StaffDao[SubStaff]  codepre  pPlayer is a subclass which extends StaffDao definitionp  precodetrait PlayerDao extends StaffDao[Player]  RepositoryplayerDao class PlayerDaoJPA      extends StaffDaoJPA[Player]     with PlayerDao  codepre  pAnd this is my Generic Dao definition where I define some common methods like findById or save and which all DAOs extendsp  precodetrait GenericDao[T, K lt Serializable]   abstract class GenericDaoJPA[T, K lt Serializable] extends GenericDao[T, K]    var entityClass Class[T]  getClass     .getGenericSuperclass     .asInstanceOf[ParameterizedType]     .getActualTypeArguments0     .asInstanceOf[Class[T]] codepre  pWhen i run the web application i get the next exception creating StaffDao bean in    strong.getActualTypeArguments0strong line but i dont know why and how i can fix it.p  precodeError creating bean with name staffDao defined in file [homecastrinho8startupworkspacestartupfederationproyectapp buildclassesmainmainscalamodelstaffStaffDaoJPA.class]  Instantiation of bean failed nested exception is  org.springframework.beans.BeanInstantiationException  Could not instantiate bean class [main.scala.model.staff.StaffDaoJPA] Constructor threw exception  nested exception is java.lang.ClassCastException sun.reflect.generics.reflectiveObjects.TypeVariableImpl  cannot be cast to java.lang.Class codepre  pThank you very much p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI fixed the problem by redefining my DAOsp  precodetrait StaffDao extends GenericDao[Staff, java.lang.Long]  RepositorystaffDao class StaffDaoJPA     extends GenericDaoJPA[Staff,java.lang.Long]classOf[Staff]     with StaffDao     trait PlayerDao extends StaffDao   RepositoryplayerDao class PlayerDaoJPA      extends StaffDaoJPA     with PlayerDao  codepre  pAnd Generic Dao needs an entityClass when is instantiated and then this class is saved in DAO for use it in concrete DAOs queriesp  precodetrait GenericDao[T,K lt Serializable]   abstract class GenericDaoJPA[T, K lt Serializable]entClass Class[T]  extends GenericDao[T, K]  var entityClass Class[T]  entClass  codepre
Negative 325 pHow can I record the audio of an application like Firefox inside a docker container with ffmpeg Ive found examples how to forward pulseaudio to the host  a hrefhttpsgithub.comsyncommdockerfilesblobmasternetflix relnofollownetflixa, a hrefhttpsgithub.comtomparysdockerskypepulseaudio relnofollowskypea.p  pWhen Im trying to use pactlp  precodepactl list sources codepre  pOrp  precodedocker exec it ltcontaineridgt bash aptget install pulseaudio pactl loadmodule modulenativeprotocolunix authanonymous1 sockettmp.pulsesocket codepre  pIm getting an errorp  precodeConnection failure Connection refused pacontextconnect failed Connection refused codepre  pThis also failp  precodeffmpeg f pulse i default tmppulse.wav codepre
Negative 325 pHow to clean html code from fitnesse table cellsp  pFor example, Ive created a table and highlighted a cell as a new onep  precodeTable my custom table Header1Header2 styleadd[new value]value codepre  pAnd when method doTable is called in MyCustomTable class. The second row contain new value inside html span tag codeltspan classaddgtnew valueltspangtcodep  pWhat can I do to remove this span tag and leave only new value for the fixturep
Negative 325 pIm trying to use angularAMD for a new project, but i cant get it to work.p  pi have the followingp  pstrongmain.jsstrongp  precoderequire.config    baseUrl static,    paths         angular bowercomponentsangularangular,        angularAMD bowercomponentsangularAMDangularAMD,        ngload bowercomponentsangularAMDngload,        uirouter bowercomponentsangularuirouterreleaseangularuirouter     ,     shim         uirouter [angular],        angularAMD [angular],        ngload [angularAMD]     ,    deps [jsapp]  codepre  pstrongapp.jsstrongp  precodedefine[angularAMD, uirouter], function angularAMD      var app  angular.moduleapp, [uirouter]     return angularAMD.bootstrapapp  codepre  pstrongindex.html script tagstrongp  precodeltscript typetextjavascript datamainstaticjsmain.js srcstaticbowercomponentsrequirejsrequire.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  pThe issue is that i keep getting the a hrefhttpsdocs.angularjs.orgerrorinjectornomodp0uirouter relnofollowModule Unavailablea error.p  pIm probably doing something wrong, but if i check the example on the angularAMD homepage my setup seems alright..p  pHope someone can give me a solutionp
Negative 325 pHow can I define objectID in parse so that my function can allow users to follow the topic classp  precodelet objectId  topic.objectId func followtopic objectID, completionHandlererror NSError gt       var relation  PFUser.currentUser.relationForKeyfollowing     relation.addObjecttopic     PFUser.currentUser.saveInBackgroundWithBlock          success, error gt Void in          completionHandlererror error       codepre
Negative 325 pI have some code, I know I am pulling from the database correctly, because I can Toast the data from the cursor, but when I try to use an adapter to change a listview, there is no effect. The adaptor always has the right number of rows, but never the code never has any effect. I dont have any good guesses anymore as to why this isnt working. If anyone has any please help me.p  pall of this is in a fragment, here is the fragment xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin     toolscontext.MainActivityPlaceholderFragment     androidorientationverticalgt     ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextpretend this works         gt     ltListView         androidbackgroundcolorCBblue         androidpadding20dp         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidididPNMlistviewgt         ltListViewgt     ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextand this         gt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pHere is my Fragment codep  precodeimport android.app.Activity import android.database.Cursor import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase import android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.app.Fragment import android.support.v4.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter import android.util.Log import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup import android.widget.ListView import android.widget.Toast     Created by Dakota on 12222014.   public class PNMListFragment extends Fragment      SQLiteDatabase db     DBHelper dbHelper     ListView list     View view             The fragment argument representing the section number for this       fragment.           private static final String ARGSECTIONNUMBER  sectionnumber             Returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section       number.           public static PNMListFragment newInstanceint sectionNumber          PNMListFragment fragment  new PNMListFragment         Bundle args  new Bundle         args.putIntARGSECTIONNUMBER, sectionNumber         fragment.setArgumentsargs         return fragment           public PNMListFragment            Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,                              Bundle savedInstanceState           dbHelper  new DBHelpergetActivity         db  dbHelper.getWritableDatabase         view  inflater.inflateR.layout.pnmlistfragment, container, false         list  ListView view.findViewByIdR.id.PNMlistview           String[] columns  new String[]DBHelper.CID, DBHelper.CFname, DBHelper.CLName, DBHelper.CPnum          String[] from  DBHelper.CFname,DBHelper.CLName,DBHelper.CPnum         int[] to   R.id.PNMListRowFName, R.id.PNMListRowLName, R.id.PNMListRowPnum           Cursor cursor  db.queryDBHelper.PNMTable, columns, null, null, null, null, null, null         SimpleCursorAdapter adapter  new SimpleCursorAdaptergetActivity, R.layout.pnmlistrow, cursor, from, to         Log.iCount,adapter.getCount         list.setAdapteradapter            cursor.moveToFirst         whilecursor.isAfterLast             String Fname  cursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.CFname             String Lname  cursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.CLName             String Pnum  cursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.CPnum              Toast.makeTextgetActivity,Fname Lname s Number is Pnum,Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show             cursor.moveToNext                   cursor.close          db.close         return view           Override     public void onAttachActivity activity          super.onAttachactivity         MainActivity activity.onSectionAttached                 getArguments.getIntARGSECTIONNUMBER       codepre  pand here is pnmlistrow.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidorientationvertical     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidgravitycenterhorizontalgt      ltLinearLayout         androidorientationhorizontal         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontentgt         ltTextView             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceLarge             androidtextstringFnameLabel             androidididPNMListRowFName gt         ltTextView             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceLarge             androidtext              gt         ltTextView             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceLarge             androidtextstringLnameLabel             androidididPNMListRowLName gt          ltLinearLayoutgt      ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceSmall         androidtextstringPhoneLabel         androidididPNMListRowPnum         androidlayoutmarginLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin         androidlayoutmarginStartdimenactivityhorizontalmargin gt      ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceLarge         androidtextstringappname         androidididtextView gt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre
Negative 325 pThe suggestions that appear in the default codeListViewcode beneath my codeSearchViewcode contain text that is truncated. I would like the text to be displayed in its entirety on multiple lines if necessary.p  pI have come up with two possible ways to solve this but, with no examples to be found on the net, I was hoping someone on here may be able to help...p  pstrongApproach 1  Q1strong How can I directly access and modify the appearance of the TextViews that hold the codeSUGGESTCOLUMNTEXT1code and codeSUGGESTCOLUMNTEXT1code textp  pstrongApproach 2  Q2strong Alternatively, SearchView has a codesetSuggestionsAdapterCursorAdapter adaptercode method which looks like it may be more suitable than approach 1. Although I have read up on CursorAdapters and have one already implemented in my app, Im not sure how I would configure one for the SearchView esp. in terms of accessing the cursor, so could anyone help me out with some general guidance or a skeleton examplep  pHere is the existing code from my SearchViewFragment classp  precodepublic class SearchViewFragment extends Fragment   public SearchViewFragment    Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState       super.onCreatesavedInstanceState   Override public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,     Bundle savedInstanceState        Inflate the layout for this fragment     View fragmentView   inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentsearchview, container, false       Use the Search Manager to find the SearchableInfo related to this Activity     SearchManager searchManager  SearchManagergetActivity.getSystemServiceContext.SEARCHSERVICE     SearchableInfo searchableInfo  searchManager.getSearchableInfogetActivity.getComponentName       Bind the Activitys SearchableInfo to the Search View     SearchView searchView  SearchViewfragmentView.findViewByIdR.id.searchView     searchView.setSearchableInfosearchableInfo     searchView.setIconifiedByDefaultfalse     searchView.setSubmitButtonEnabledtrue     searchView.setQueryRefinementEnabledtrue      return fragmentView  codepre  pp  pstrongUpdate SOLVEDstrongp  pThanks to the accepted answer, I have created this code which is pretty clean and does the job well...p  precodepublic class SearchViewFragment extends Fragment       private static final String LOGTAG  SearchViewFragment.class.getSimpleName      public SearchViewFragment            Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          setRetainInstancetrue todo  not working  Remember search term         super.onCreatesavedInstanceState           Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,         Bundle savedInstanceState            Inflate the layout for this fragment         View fragmentView   inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentsearchview, container, false           Use the Search Manager to find the SearchableInfo related to this Activity         SearchManager searchManager  SearchManagergetActivity.getSystemServiceContext.SEARCHSERVICE         SearchableInfo searchableInfo  searchManager.getSearchableInfogetActivity.getComponentName           Bind the Activitys SearchableInfo to the Search View         final SearchView searchView  SearchViewfragmentView.findViewByIdR.id.searchView         searchView.setSearchableInfosearchableInfo         searchView.setIconifiedByDefaultfalse         searchView.setSubmitButtonEnabledtrue         searchView.setQueryRefinementEnabledtrue          searchView.setOnQueryTextListenernew SearchView.OnQueryTextListener              Override             public boolean onQueryTextSubmitString s                 DO whatever you want here on text submit in the search View                 Log.dLOGTAG, onQueryTextSubmit  s                    return true                          Override             public boolean onQueryTextChangeString textChange                   Log.dLOGTAG, onQueryTextChange  textChange                    ContentResolver cr  getActivity.getContentResolver                  Uri uri  DbContentProvider.CONTENTURIREALPRODUCTS                 String[] projection  DbContentProvider.getProjectionInDbContentProvider.REALPRODUCTSSUGGEST                 String selection  DbContentProvider.getSelectionfalse                 String[] selectionArgs  Utilities.formatQueryStringtextChange                 String sortOrder  null                 Cursor cursor  cr.queryuri, projection, selection, selectionArgs, sortOrder                 Log.dLOGTAG, Setting setSuggestionsAdapter. cursor   cursor                 searchView.setSuggestionsAdapternew SearchSuggestionsAdaptergetActivity, cursor                  return true                                 return fragmentView           private static class SearchSuggestionsAdapter extends SimpleCursorAdapter           private static final String[] mVisible  SearchManager.SUGGESTCOLUMNTEXT1, SearchManager.SUGGESTCOLUMNTEXT2         private static final int[] mViewIds  R.id.productname, R.id.productshelf          public SearchSuggestionsAdapterContext context, Cursor cursor               supercontext, R.layout.searchviewsuggestions, cursor, mVisible, mViewIds, 0                            Override         public void bindViewView view, Context context, Cursor cursor               Log.dLOGTAG, bindView  view  ,   context  ,   cursor               super.bindViewview, context, cursor                    Override         public View newViewContext context, Cursor cursor, ViewGroup parent               Log.dLOGTAG, newView  context  ,   cursor  ,   parent               return super.newViewcontext, cursor, parent                            codepre  pAnd here is my searchviewsuggestions.xml...p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidorientationvertical     androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin gt      ltTextView         androidididproductname         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextProduct Name placeholder         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceMedium gt      ltTextView         androidididproductshelf         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextProduct Shelf placeholder gt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  p...the result is no text truncation. p
Negative 325 pI have several async functions with varying numbers of parameters, in each the last param is a callback. I wish to call these in order. For instance.p  precodefunction getDataurl, callback  function parseDatadata, callback  codepre  pBy using thisp  precodeFunction.prototype.then  functionf    var ff  this    return function ff.applynull, [].slice.callarguments.concatf    codepre  pit is possible to call these functions like this, and have the output print to console.log.p  precodegetData.thenparseData.thenconsole.log.bindconsolemydata.json codepre  pIve been trying to use this syntax instead, and cannot get the Then function correct. Any ideasp  precodegetData.thenparseData.thenconsole.log.bindconsolemydata.json codepre
Negative 325 pHi all by this below method i can send any custom parameters on that without problem. now i want to change this method to AsyncTask class as name codeLongOperationcodebut i can dont know how to send codegetRequestFromServercode method parameters to codeAsyncTaskcodep  pmy method isp  precodepublic static void getRequestFromServerfinal long lastID, final int count,                                         final ContentResolver cr codepre  pand i want to have like with thisp  precodeprivate class LongOperation extends AsyncTaskltfinal long lastID, final int count,                                             final ContentResolver crgt  codepre
Negative 325 pIs there a shorthand method to write the following code Often in games we want to make sure certain things dont leave a boundary, or more generally, we want to stop an index of an array from going beyond the bounds of an array. Ive always written it this way, but am wondering if there is a shorthand in Actionscript, Java, or Cp  pIn Actionscriptp  precodeindex if index gt array.length  1 index  array.length  1 codepre  pas far as I can tell, there is no operator that accomplishes this, though perhaps I am mistaken. I know the ternary operator is similar codeif condition  value if true  value if falsecodep
Negative 325 pIm having problems using the Facebook social plugins and javascript pagination inside PHP. Its really odd  what happens is the page loads okay the first time, but then if I choose to go to say a second page the plugins wont load.p  pI have already added random numbers to the page when its called by javascriptp  precodeDisplayLoad content.loadloadpage.phppage1ampcMath.floorMath.random  100000  1,   HideLoad Pagination Click pagination li.clickfunction DisplayLoad CSS Styles pagination li .cssborder  solid dddddd 1px .csscolor  0063DC this .csscolor  3B5998 .cssborder  none Loading Data var pageNum  this.id content.loadloadpage.phppage  pageNum  ampcMath.floorMath.random  100000  1, HideLoad codepre  pand inside the page being called I even tried randomizing the Facebook codep  precodeltdiv idfbrootgtltdivgt ltscriptgt functiond, s, id  var js, fjs  d.getElementsByTagNames[0] if d.getElementByIdid return js  d.createElements js.id  id js.src  connect.facebook.netenUSsdk.jsxfbml1ampappId1685492001677633ampversionv2.0ampcMath.floorMath.random  100000  1 fjs.parentNode.insertBeforejs, fjs document, script, facebookjssdkltscriptgt codepre  pI am kind of at a loss here and not quite sure how to proceed.p  pThx for your time p
Negative 325 pWhen a regular button is defined in the XML layout code android L it has a ripple effect by default on press which is working fine. However, when a regular button is defined and a specific background color is added to the button, the ripple effect is removed. How would I go about adding the button ripple to the button againp
Negative 325 pIm trying to run this example code in Python 2.7 for LSI text clustering.p  precodeimport gensim from gensim import corpora, models, similarities  documents  [Human machine interface for lab abc computer applications,              A survey of user opinion of computer system response time,              The EPS user interface management system,              System and human system engineering testing of EPS,              Relation of user perceived response time to error measurement,              The generation of random binary unordered trees,              The intersection graph of paths in trees,              Graph minors IV Widths of trees and well quasi ordering,              Graph minors A survey]   remove common words and tokenize stoplist  setfor a of the and to in.split texts  [[word for word in document.lower.split if word not in stoplist]          for document in documents]   remove words that appear only once alltokens  sumtexts, [] tokensonce  setword for word in setalltokens if alltokens.countword  1  texts  [[word for word in text if word not in tokensonce] for text in texts]  dictionary  corpora.Dictionarytexts corp  [dictionary.doc2bowtext for text in texts]   extract 400 LSI topics use the default onepass algorithm lsi  gensim.models.lsimodel.LsiModelcorpuscorp, id2worddictionary, numtopics400   print the most contributing words both positively and negatively for each of the first ten topics lsi.printtopics10 codepre  pBut it returns this error for the 2nd last command.p  precodeWarning from warnings module   File usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesnumpycorefromnumeric.py, line 2499     VisibleDeprecationWarning VisibleDeprecationWarning rank is deprecated use the ndim attribute or function instead. To find the rank of a matrix see numpy.linalg.matrixrank. codepre  pPlease let me know what I am doing wrong or if i need to update anything to make it work.p
Negative 325 pIm trying to factorise some code in my codeHTMLcode. I have a custom tree component a codeRactivecode component in which the node of the tree is a partial as followsp  precodelt gtnode gt ltli classnodegt     data     ltspan classMyClassgt           gtcontent         Some text     ltspangt     data lt node gt codepre  pIn my codeCSScode, I havep  precode.active    color red   codepre  pNote codegtcontentcode is a codeRactivecode native directive that calls some data.p  pAs a result, once the html is rendered, the content displayed once the directive codegtcontentcodeis resolved is not red, but the Some text is red.p  pHave I missed something, or is it not possible As a workaround, I can move the span directly in the calling code, but I will have to do it for any code using this partial. Id like to avoid it if possible.p  pbEDITb Here is the calling code simplified content of my HTML source filep  precodeltTreegt     lta href onclickselectgt         name     ltagt ltTreegt codepre
Negative 325 pPlease provide suggestions to redirect urls using htaccess query string parameters for the following format. p  pFor example,  domainname.comproductsaffiliate REDIRECT TO domainname.comproductsp  pdomainname.comproductsaffiliate4 REDIRECT TO domainname.comproducts4p  pI have also another issue apart from above, currently my website url is redirecting p  pFor example, domainname.comproducts4 redirecting to domainname.comproducts but i want to redirect it to domainname.comproducts4 same urlp  pCould you please provide me suggestions for thisp  precode  BEGIN WordPress ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt RewriteEngine On RewriteBase sunfrogshirts RewriteRule index.php  [L] RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d RewriteRule . sunfrogshirtsindex.php [L] codepre  p         END WordPressp
Negative 325 pI have a file with a bunch of lines of this formp  precode12 AAA 423 12 BBB beta11  3beta10 18 AAA 1509 18 BBB 2beta17  beta16 18 AAA 781 12 BBB beta16  5beta15 codepre  pNow I would like to print only lines where the 1st and the 4th column differ the columns are spaceseparated the values codeAAAcode and codeBBBcode are fixed. I know I can do that by getting all possible values in the first column and then usep  precodefor i in values do   cat file.txt  grep i  grep v  i BBB done codepre  pHowever, this runs through the file as many times as how many different values appear in the first column. Is there a way how to do that simply in one pass only I think I can do the comparison, my main problem is that I have no idea how to extract the spaceseparated columns.p
Negative 325 pI have created a UITextView with a border background using QuartzCore. When the view is loaded the textview is shown with 3 lines. What is the best way to initialise the textview with say a minimum of 5 linesp
Negative 325 pHello generous SOers,p  pThis is a somewhat complicated question, but hopefully relevant to the more general use of global objects from a childmodule.p  pI am using some commercial software that provides a python library for interfacing with their application through TCP.  I cant post the code for their library I dont think.p  pI am having an issue with calling an object from a child module, that I think is more generally related to global variables or some such.  Basically, the objects state is as expected when the childmodule is in the same directory as all the other modules including the module that creates the object.br But when I move the offending child module into a subfolder, it can still access the object but the state appears to have been altered, and the objects connection to the commercial app doesnt work anymore.p  pFollowing some advice from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions13034496usingglobalvariablesbetweenfilesinpythonthis questiona on global vars, I have organized my modules files as sop  precodescriptfile.py pyFIMM     init.py             imports all the other files     globals.py            creates the connection object used in most other modules     pyfimm.py             main module functions, such as pyFIMM.connect     Waveguide.py          there are many of these files with various classes and functions     ...other files...     PhotonDesignLib         init.py         imports all files in this folder         pdPythonLib.py      the commercial library     proprietary         init.py         imports all files in this folder         University.py       lt The offending childmodule with issues codepre  pcodepyFIMMinit.pycode imports the subfiles like sop  precodefrom globals import           import global vars amp create FimmWave connection object fimm from pyfimm import            import the main module from Waveguide import . ...import the other files... from proprietary import        imports the subfolder containing University.py codepre  pThe codeinit.pycodes in the subfolders emPhotonDesignLibem amp emproprietaryem both cause all files in the subfolders to imported, so, for example, codescriptfile.pycode would access my proprietary files as so codeimport pyFIMM.proprietary.Universitycode.  This is accomplished via a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1057431loadingallmodulesinafolderinpythonthis hinta, coded as follows in codeproprietaryinit.pycodep  precodeimport os, glob all  [ os.path.basenamef[3] for f in glob.globos.path.dirnamefile.py] codepre  pNumerous coders from a few different institutions will have their own proprietary code, so we can share the base code but keep our proprietary filesfunctions to ourselves this way, without having to change any base codeimport statements.  I now realize that, for the more static codePhotonDesignLibcode folder, this is overkill.p  pThe file codeglobals.pycode creates the object I need to use to communicate with their commercial app, with this code this is all the code in this filep  precodeimport PhotonDesignLib.pdPythonLib as pd     the commercial libobject global fimm fimm  pd.pdApp       lt  this is the offending global object codepre  pAll of my submodules contain a codefrom global import code statement, and are able to access the object codefimmcode without specifically declaring it as a codeglobalcode var, without any issue.  p  pSo I run codescriptfile.pycode, which has an import statement like codefrom pyFIMM import code. Most importantly, codescriptfile.pycode initiates the TCP connection made to the application via codefimm.connectcode right at the top, before issuing any commands that require the communication, and all the other modules call codefimm.Execltcommands for appgtcode in various routines, which has been working swimmingly well  the codefimmcode object has sofar been accessible to all modules, and keeps its connection state without issue.p  pstrongThe issue I am running into is that the file codeproprietaryUniversity.pycode can only successfully use the codefimmcode object when its placed in the pyFIMM rootlevel directory ie. the same folder as codeglobals.pycode etc..strong  But when codeUniversity.pycode is imported from within the codeproprietarycode subfolder, it gives me an emapplication not initializedem error when I use the codefimmcode object, as if the object had been overwritten or reinitialized or something.  The object still exists, it just isnt maintaining its connection state when called by this submodule.  Ive checked that its not reinitialized in another module.p  pIf, after the script fails in codeproprietaryUniversity.pycode, I use the console to send a command eg. codepyFimm.fimm.Execltcommand to appgtcode, emit communicates just fineembr I set codeproprietaryUniversity.pycode to print a codedirfimmcode as a test right at the beginning, which works fine and looks like the codefimmcode object exists as expected, but a subsequent call in the same file to codefimm.Execcode indicates that the objects state is not correct, returning the emapplication not initializedem error.br This almost looks like there are two codefimmcode objects  one that the main python console and pyFIMM modules see, which works great, and another that codeproprietaryUniversity.pycode sees which doesnt know that we called codefimm.connectcode already.  Again, if I put codeUniversity.pycode in the main module folder empyFIMMem it works fine  the codefimm.Execcode calls operate as expectedp  pFYI codeproprietaryUniversity.pycode imports the codeglobals.pycode file as sop  precodeimport sys, os, inspect ScriptDir  inspect.currentframe.fcode.cofilename    get path to this module file ParentDir , tail  os.path.splitScriptDir        split off toplevel directory from path ParentDir , tail  os.path.splitParentDir        split off toplevel directory from path sys.path.appendParentDir         add ParentDir to the python search path  from globals import           import global vars amp FimmWave connection object  global fimm          This line makes no difference, was just trying it. codepre  pFYI, Somewhere on SO it was stated that codeinspectcode was better than codefilecode, hence the code above.p  pstrongWhy do you think having the submodule in a subfolder causes the object to lose its statestrongp  pI suspect the issue is either the way I instruct codeUniversity.pycode to import codeglobals.pycode or the import all files in this folder method I used in codeproprietaryinit.pycode.  But I have little idea how to fix itp  pThank you for looking at this question, and thanks in advance for your insightful comments.p
Negative 325 pI have a codestruct Foo  IEquatableltFoogtcode. Im trying to writep  precodebool isEqual  a.Equalsb codepre  pWhere codeacode and codebcode are both of the type codeFoocode. This code works, but codebcode is being boxed Is there a way to avoid boxingp
Negative 325 pI am trying to open .docx document using open office but i am not getting how to open a password protected .docx file using open office java api.p  pplease suggest me what properties i have to use to access password protedted .docx file.p  pWhen i try to open with below property values, i got IllegalArgumentExceptionp  precode     PropertyValue[] loadProps  new PropertyValue[3]         loadProps[0]  new PropertyValue          loadProps[0].Name  FilterName          loadProps[0].Value  StarOffice XML Writer          loadProps[1]  new PropertyValue         loadProps[1].Name  PassWord         loadProps[1].Value  abcdef     Object objectDocumentToStore  xcomponentloader.loadComponentFromURLloadUrl, default, 0, loadProps codepre  pExceptionp  precodecom.sun.star.lang.IllegalArgumentException URL seems to be an unsupported one. at com.sun.star.lib.uno.environments.remote.Job.remoteUnoRequestRaisedExceptionJob.java180 at com.sun.star.lib.uno.environments.remote.Job.executeJob.java146 at com.sun.star.lib.uno.environments.remote.JobQueue.enterJobQueue.java338 at com.sun.star.lib.uno.environments.remote.JobQueue.enterJobQueue.java307 at com.sun.star.lib.uno.environments.remote.JavaThreadPool.enterJavaThreadPool.java94 at com.sun.star.lib.uno.bridges.javaremote.javaremotebridge.sendRequestjavaremotebridge.java642 at com.sun.star.lib.uno.bridges.javaremote.ProxyFactoryHandler.requestProxyFactory.java154 at com.sun.star.lib.uno.bridges.javaremote.ProxyFactoryHandler.invokeProxyFactory.java136 at com.sun.proxy.Proxy3.loadComponentFromURLUnknown Source at com.pravridh.puneeth.DocumentToPdfWithFilterData.mainDocumentToPdfWithFilterData.java49 codepre
Negative 325 pMy problem is, I need to read around 50M lines from a file in format p  precodex1 t x2 t .. x10 t count codepre  pand then to compute the matrix A with components A[j][i]  Sum over all lines count  xi  xj.p  pI tried 2 approaches, both reading the file line per linep  p1 keep A a Python matrix and update in for loopp  precode  for j in rangesize     for i in rangesize       A[j][i]  x[j]  x[i]  count codepre  p2 make A a numpy array, and update using numpy.addp  precode  numpy.addA, count  numpy.outerx, x codepre  pWhat surprised me is that the 2nd approach has been around 30 slower than the first one. And both are really slow  around 10 minutes for the whole file...p  pIs there some way to speed up the calculation of the matrix Maybe there is some function that would read the data entirely from the file or in large chunks and not line per line Any suggestionsp
Negative 325 pI have finished developing my new Drupal site to replace an old HTML static site.p  pI chose to install the Drupal site on Public HTML folder on the main domain herep  pstrongwww.mysite.co.ukdevelopmentsitestrongp  pI would now like to remove the old HTML static site and replace with this site.p  pThis might be a silly question, but do I just delete all the HTML files from the old site, excluding strongdevelopmentsitestrong file, then move all the contents of this file into the public HTML folderp  pAlso, with the database being on the same server, I am guessing I would not need to change anything on the settings.php filep  pThanksp
Negative 325 pFrom regular windows 7 codecmdcode I have generated a boilerplate chef cookbook with codechef generate cookbook testcode. I have vagrant, virtualbox and my local .box file loaded and can see it when executing codevagrant box listcode. When trying to run codekitchen convergecode it fails withp  precode[SSH] connection failed, retrying ltltNetSSHDisconnect connection closed by remote hostgtgt codepre  pIve tried all manner of additions to the Vagrantfile located within .kitchen generated automatically and nothing seems to work.p  pVirtualbox is Centos 6.5 64bitp  pcodekitchen logincode fails as well even though the vm is listed as running.p
Negative 325 pI want to store a 100 employees. RollNo,Name,Salary,and the timevarious data, Im unable to explain here but you can understand be seeing below code snippetp  precodemain       struct day        int hour[40]       int min[40]       int mins[40]       int rec       int totmins       int totsal       char status       int temp          struct month        struct day  da[31]           struct year        struct month  mn[12]           struct roll        int rn       char name[30]       int salary       struct year  yr[25]      codepre  pso I dynamically allocated the memory byp  precodestruct day da[31]     fori0ilt31i            da[i]struct daymalloc31  sizeof da              if da[i] NULL               printfd Couldnt able to allocate requested memory for dayn,igetchexit0           struct month mn[12]     fori0ilt12i            mn[i]struct monthmalloc 12  sizeof mn             if mn[i] NULL               printfd Couldnt able to allocate requested memory for monthn,igetchexit0           struct year yr[25]     fori0ilt25i            yr[i]struct yearmalloc 25  sizeof yr             if yr[i] NULL                  printfd Couldnt able to allocate requested memory for yearn,igetchexit0           struct roll rol[100]     fori0ilt100i            rol[i]struct rollmalloc100  sizeof rol              if rol[i] NULL               printfd Couldnt able to allocate requested memory for rolln,igetchexit0          codepre  pBut in my actual piece of code, when i do  [consider d27,m1,y15 and i1]p  precoderol[i]  gt yr[y]  gt mn[m]  gt da[d]  gt rec codepre  pit is incrementing remaining members also, that is p  precoderol[2]  gt yr[y]  gt mn[m]  gt da[d]  gt rec . .  rol[100]  gt yr[y]  gt mn[m]  gt da[d]  gt rec codepre  pWhich means there is some error in the allocation only...Could anyone help me outp  hr  pMODIFIED CODEp  precode    for i  0 i lt 100 i        rol[i]  struct roll   malloc100  sizeofstruct roll       if rol[i]  NULL          printfd Couldnt able to allocate requested memory for rolln, i         getch         exit0              for j  0 j lt 25 j          rol[i] gt yr[j]  struct year   malloc25  sizeofstruct year         if rol[i] gt yr[j]  NULL            printfd Couldnt able to allocate requested memory for yearn, i           getch           exit0                   for k  0 k lt 12 k            rol[i] gt yr[j] gt mn[k]  struct month   malloc12  sizeofstruct month           if rol[i] gt yr[j] gt mn[k]  NULL              printfd Couldnt able to allocate requested memory for monthn, i             getch             exit0                       for l  0 l lt 31 l              rol[i] gt yr[j] gt mn[k] gt da[l]  struct day   malloc31  sizeofstruct day             if rol[i] gt yr[j] gt mn[k] gt da[l]  NULL                printfd Couldnt able to allocate requested memory for dayn, l               getch               exit0                                              codepre  pbut Im getting that it couldnt allocate memory...p
Negative 325 pI want to create table not use ul li as belowp  precode      name        1    Level1a   1    Level2.1   2    Level2.2   3    Level2.3   1    Level2.3.1 2    Level2.3.2 2    Level1b   ..   Level..    n    Leveln      .................. codepre  pWith items      scope.items  [             name level1,             child                name level2,               child                  name level3,                 child                    name level...,                   child                        name  leveln,                       child   ....                                                                           ]p  pI dont have idea to do it. So please help me.p  pThank all.p
Negative 325 pCurrently we use strongITHit Webdav Ajax Librarystrong to develop a new feature of our product. We intend to provide a link in web browser allowing user to open a document inside our webdav server. p  pIn Windows it runs well but in Ubuntu, we face a problem with credentials. The strongITHitstrong applet always ask 1.strongWebdavstrong  credentials 2.strongSudostrong credentials.p  pIf I log in the strongosstrong by user in strongsudostrong group suppose that is strongUSER1strong, I can openedit the document well when providing idpassword of strongUSER1strong in step2. But if I log in by the user that does not belong to strongsudostrong groupsuppose that is strongUSER2strong, then in step2 I enter idpassword of strongUSER2strong, I can not openedit the document. The exception I always see is strongjava.lang.RuntimeException Could not mount webdav server, please verify provided credentialsstrong. I even grant permission for running strongmountstrong amp strongmount.davfsstrong for strongUSER2strong but still get the same error.Notice that with these permission, I log in as strongUSER2strong and can mount the webdav folder to a local folder manually successfullyp  pI test strongwww.webdavsystem.comajaxfilebrowserstrong and face the same issue.p  pThe question here is, why do you need the strongsudostrong credentials As I understand, you need to create a local folder and mount it with the webdav folder containing the document that user wants to open. With that action, only strongmountstrong or strongmount.davfsstrong is enough. It is too risk to provide the sudo credentials to an applet. WDYTp
Negative 325 pI use Expandable Listview for displaying two group of content and the list is always expand like strongPicture Astrong. I found a problem, when I run it on my device. When I run, it show just a half of the list like in strongPicture Bstrong, so I scroll down to see the rest of the list but what I get is some of child from the second group is come from first group, like in strongPicture Cstrong.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comgsGs1.png altenter image description herep  pI have check my code and I think theres no error or problem. and this is my codep  pthis the activityp  precodepublic class MainActivity extends ActionBarActivity       ExpandableListView lv     ParentListAdapter listAdapter     ListltHeaderObjectgt listDataHeader     ListltOpiniObjectgt opini     ListltOpiniObjectgt related     HashMapltHeaderObject, ListltOpiniObjectgtgt listDataChild      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain          opini  new ArrayListltOpiniObjectgt         related  new ArrayListltOpiniObjectgt          lv  ExpandableListView findViewByIdR.id.expandLV          prepareListData           private void prepareListData           listDataHeader  new ArrayListltHeaderObjectgt         listDataChild  new HashMapltHeaderObject, ListltOpiniObjectgtgt          HeaderObject itemData1  new HeaderObject         itemData1.setOwnerYour Name         itemData1.setQuestionWhats up         listDataHeader.additemData1          HeaderObject itemData2  new HeaderObject         itemData2.setTitleRelated         listDataHeader.additemData2          opini.addnew OpiniObjectname 1,Lorem n ipsum n hahaha n test n data         opini.addnew OpiniObjectname 2,content 2 n jus n test n content         opini.addnew OpiniObjectname 3,content 3 n bla n bla n bla          related.addnew OpiniObjecttext 1         related.addnew OpiniObjecttext 2         related.addnew OpiniObjecttext 3         related.addnew OpiniObjecttext 4         related.addnew OpiniObjecttext 5         related.addnew OpiniObjecttext 6         related.addnew OpiniObjecttext 7         related.addnew OpiniObjecttext 8          listDataChild.putlistDataHeader.get0, opini          listDataChild.putlistDataHeader.get1, related          listAdapter  new ParentListAdapterthis, listDataHeader, listDataChild         lv.setAdapterlistAdapter       codepre  pand this is my adapterp  precodepublic class ParentListAdapter extends BaseExpandableListAdapter      private Context context     private ListltHeaderObjectgt listDataHeader     private HashMapltHeaderObject, ListltOpiniObjectgtgt listDataChild      public ParentListAdapterContext context,             ListltHeaderObjectgt listDataHeader,             HashMapltHeaderObject, ListltOpiniObjectgtgt listDataChild          super         this.context  context         this.listDataHeader  listDataHeader         this.listDataChild  listDataChild           Override     public Object getChildint groupPosition, int childPosition           TODO Autogenerated method stub         return this.listDataChild.getthis.listDataHeader.getgroupPosition.getchildPosition           Override     public long getChildIdint groupPosition, int childPosition           TODO Autogenerated method stub         return childPosition           Override     public View getChildViewint groupPosition, int childPosition,boolean isLastChild, View convertView, ViewGroup parent           TODO Autogenerated method stub          if convertView  null              LayoutInflater infalInflater  LayoutInflater this.context                     .getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE             convertView  infalInflater.inflateR.layout.listview2, null                   LinearLayout container  LinearLayout convertView.findViewByIdR.id.containerOpini         TextView txtListChild  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.lblListItem         TextView txtUser  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.lblUserOpini         TextView txtOpini  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.lblIsiOpini          OpiniObject opini  OpiniObject getChildgroupPosition, childPosition         ifgroupPosition0             container.setVisibilityView.VISIBLE             txtListChild.setVisibilityView.GONE             txtUser.setTextopini.getName             txtOpini.setTextopini.getContent         else             txtListChild.setTextopini.getText             txtListChild.setTypefacenull, Typeface.BOLD                  return convertView           Override     public int getChildrenCountint groupPosition           TODO Autogenerated method stub         return this.listDataChild.getthis.listDataHeader.getgroupPosition.size           Override     public Object getGroupint groupPosition           TODO Autogenerated method stub         return this.listDataHeader.getgroupPosition           Override     public int getGroupCount           TODO Autogenerated method stub         return this.listDataHeader.size           Override     public long getGroupIdint groupPosition           TODO Autogenerated method stub         return groupPosition           Override     public View getGroupViewint groupPosition, boolean isExpanded,View convertView, ViewGroup parent           TODO Autogenerated method stub          if convertView  null              LayoutInflater infalInflater  LayoutInflater this.context.getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE             convertView  infalInflater.inflateR.layout.listview1, null                   ExpandableListView eLV  ExpandableListView parent         eLV.expandGroupgroupPosition          LinearLayout container  LinearLayout convertView.findViewByIdR.id.PertanyaanHeader         TextView lblListHeader  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.lblListHeader         TextView lblOwner  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.lblUser         TextView lblQuestion  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.lblTanya          HeaderObject item  HeaderObject getGroupgroupPosition          ifgroupPosition0             container.setVisibilityView.VISIBLE             lblListHeader.setVisibilityView.GONE             lblOwner.setTextitem.getOwner             lblQuestion.setTextitem.getQuestion         else             lblListHeader.setTextitem.getTitle             lblListHeader.setTypefacenull, Typeface.BOLD                   return convertView           Override     public boolean hasStableIds           TODO Autogenerated method stub         return false           Override     public boolean isChildSelectableint groupPosition, int childPosition           TODO Autogenerated method stub         return true        codepre  pCan anyone help me Maybe I missed something that can be very importantp  pThank you.p
Negative 325 pIn our product we are using PTVS and IronPython for scripting. All the scripts reside in the customers database, are loaded from there and then execute via the Execute Function. We are now searching ways to make debugging these scripts easier. Most of the time we are using Remote Connections to our customers using TeamViewer and software like that.p  pIn the current state the only way to debug we have, is using ShowMessageBox for the content of variables.p  pIs there any other way to debug these scripts, maybe using a debuggerp
Negative 325 pIm trying to migrate my locally hosted wordpress site to be live and hosted on godaddy. Ive never done this before but im hung up because my mac  OS X 10.9.5  doesnt have the option to enable an FTP server in the Sharing Preference panel like the tutorials Ive been looking at say. p  pseems like Apple disable the FTP enable button on the frontedp  pstrongQuestionstrongp  pIts there a way to enable FTP Servers on mac posterior to Mac 10.0.7p  pThanks in advicep
Negative 325 pI wanted to write a program which will take user input, as long as the input is not 0 it will keep on asking for input.p  pstrongHow I did itstrong I decided to check if the 1st input is 0 or not, if it is 0 then the program will exit right away. If the first input is not 0 then it will ask user to input more numbers.p  pstrongMy problemstrong It asks me only 2 times and then executes the  Program end statement.p  pstrongMy Codestrongp  precodeimport java.util.Scanner   public class MyArList   private static final int num2  0  public static void main String[] args       Scanner userInput  new ScannerSystem.in      System.out.printEnter 1st number      int num1  userInput.nextInt       if num10         System.out.printlnprogram exits          else     System.out.printEnter more numbers         whileuserInput.nextInt0           System.out.printProgam ends            codepre  pI also thought of tried do while but that did not work eitherp  precodeif num10              System.out.printlnProgram exits           else          do             System.out.printEnter more numbers          int num2  userInput2.nextInt          whilenum20 codepre  pThank You for your valuable time and comments.p
Negative 325 pI am working on an app that is supposed to take up the whole screen. When I started, my initial intention was to switch Frames a lot. for example, lets say the user wanted to go to the settings. it would switch from the home Frame and go to the settings Frame. p  pHowever, do to some complications with other frames, I found that I would have to add another Frame underneath the first frame. For example, it would have a main Frame underneath the home screen Frame, so that if the user decided to open settings, it would forget the home Frame, and display the settings Frame also on the main Frame.p  pMy problem is that when I added the underneatheverything Frame, things went haywire. the Tk widget got small, and when I clicked and dragged it bigger, everything was out of proportion. however, it did display the settings when I clicked on the button D.p  phere is my codep  precodeself.main  Tk self.mainFrame  Frame self.mainFrame.packexpand  True, fill  both  self.padding  Canvasself.mainFrame, width  1439, height   self.CANVASHEIGHT self.padding.pack  self.startFrame  Frameself.mainFrame self.startFrame.placerelx  0.0, rely  0.0, anchor  nw  self.settingsFrame  Frameself.mainFrame self.settingsCanvas  Canvasself.settingsFrame, bg  saddleBrown, width  self.CANVASWIDTH,  height  self.CANVASHEIGHT self.settingsCanvas.pack  self.startFrame.packforget self.settingsFrame.pack codepre  ponce again, when I run the code, everything is out of proportion. If this is not clear, then please tell me.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to learn JavaScript from a hrefhttprads.stackoverflow.comamznclick0596805527 relnofollowJavaScript The Definitive Guide 6th ed.a On page 81, the author explains that there is a difference if you call codeevalcode by its original name, as opposed to when you create a different name. The author illustrates with the following source codep  precodevar geval  eval                Using another name does a global eval var x  global, y  global  Two global variables  function f   This function does a local eval      var x  local             Define a local variable     evalx  changed     Direct eval sets local variable     return x                    Return changed local variable   function g   This function does a global eval      var y  local             A local variable     gevaly  changed    Indirect eval sets global variable     return y                    Return unchanged local variable   console.logf, x  Local variable changed prints localchanged global console.logg, y  Global variable changed prints local globalchanged codepre  pI tried to execute the code and I getp  precodeusrbinnode test.js  localchanged global undefined1 y  changed  ReferenceError y is not defined     at eval eval at g homemartinProjectsWebPagestest.js185, ltanonymousgt11     at eval native     at g homemartinProjectsWebPagestest.js185     at Object.ltanonymousgt homemartinProjectsWebPagestest.js2313     at Module.compile module.js45626     at Object.Module.extensions..js module.js47410     at Module.load module.js35632     at Function.Module.load module.js31212     at Function.Module.runMain module.js49710     at startup node.js11916  Process finished with exit code 8 codepre  pPlease, could you explain, why the codeycode variable is not visible in the call to codegevalcodep
Negative 325 pI am trying to implement suggestions when using menu search. It is nicely calling everyone and the information seems to put correctly into the custom adapter, however the suggestion list doesnt show when typing.p  pIt only shows when I manually press the search box again.  When I continue typing and it loads new suggestions it disappears again.p  pI am using the following line to set the suggestionsp  precodemSearchView.setSuggestionsAdapternew FourSquareAdapterthis, cursor, venues codepre  pThe foursquare adapter is a custom adapter where I load in some venues, this works correctly.p  pThe search view I setup as followingp  precode        SearchManager manager  SearchManager getSystemServiceContext.SEARCHSERVICE          MenuInflater searchInflater  getMenuInflater         searchInflater.inflateR.layout.jiosearchview, menu          MenuItem searchItem  menu.findItemR.id.jiosearch         mSearchView  SearchView searchItem.getActionView         mSearchView.setSearchableInfomanager.getSearchableInfogetComponentName         mSearchView.setOnQueryTextListenernew OnQueryTextListener                Override              public boolean onQueryTextChangeString query                   loadDataquery                 return true                              Override             public boolean onQueryTextSubmitString query                  todo                 return true                        codepre  pThe loadData function ends up at the line where I set the adapter after filling the custom adapter with data according to the users query.p  pIt seems I am missing an option or such that doesnt make the suggestions show up automatically... p
Negative 325 pI have a excel sheet with the columns as follows p  precodeClient  Work done  Time in  Time out  Total time spent  Day of work MonFri. codepre  pI am looking to create a macro or possibly pivot table that will do two things p  ol lipIt will output a table that with each client listed once, with the work done descriptions merged into a single cell and separated by a comma. pli lipIt will add the time from each of these jobs and separate them based on the day of the week they were gained. pli ol  pthe output table should bep  precodeClient 1  Job1, Job2, Job3...  Hrs Monday  Hrs Tuesday  Wed  Thur  Fri  Total hours worked for this client.    Client 2  Job1, Job2, Job3...  Hrs Monday  Hrs Tuesday  Wed  Thur  Fri  Total hours worked for this client.     codepre  pEach row would need to pull a different client. p  pAny ideas Any help would be super appreciated.p
Negative 325 pIm a beginner at coding and Im working on a hrefhttpmentalized.netjournal20140601emberonrails02 relnofollowthis tutoriala right now and Im having a bit of trouble. I would really appreciate some helpp  pHeres my problem Im using an external API in my Rails backend. Im not using a model. But the tutorial is asking me to access a model in this section when I want to access my API information from my Rails class. p  pThis is what they want me to do p  precodeLibrary.BooksRoute  Ember.Route.extend    model function     return this.getstore.findbook      codepre  pHow can I change that code to access my API Im using HTTP party. p  pHeres a bit of what my activities controller looks likep  precodeclass BooksController lt ApplicationController   respondto json   include HTTParty   baseuri     took this out   def index     render json self.class.get   took out my link with API key here   end end codepre  pThanks in advance p
Negative 325 pI downloaded amp installed v8, but i want to use networking i.e. codexmlhttprequestcode, Can anyone point to resource which may help in adding support p  pI found a hrefhttpsgithub.comWebKitwebkitblobmasterSourceWebCorexmlXMLHttpRequest.cpp relnofollowXMLHttpRequest.cppa , but i am not sure how to compile it, how to implement   p  pI am using ubuntu 14.04 LTS, x64.p
Negative 325 pIn teaching myself Flask, I have fallen into the habit of doing something like this in some of my templatesp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt  for r in reviews       r.reviewid starrating.ratyreadOnly true, score  r.rating100  5    endfor  ltscriptgt codepre  pI didnt think twice about it when I first needed something like this done. But coming back to this code now worries me. Is this considered bad practice How should I do this insteadp
Negative 325 pI have a codewx.TreeCtrlcode and want to make a real copy of it. Ive tried it with p  precode    CopyOfTree  copy.deepcopyself.myTreeCtrl codepre  pbut this doesnt work. Is there a way to deep copy the codeTreeCtrlcodep
Negative 325 pI work for a company that for some reason uses a Windows 2003 server with WAMP for its live product please dont ask me why. Currently we have to push updates locally to github, manually connect to this production server with Remote Desktop Connection and pull.p  pWe want to automate this proccess.p  pI have tried a hrefhttpsdeveloper.github.comwebhooks relnofollowgithub webhooksa with no success  Couldnt find a way to create SSH keys for the system account NT AUTHORITYSYSTEM, which is the one used by apache on that server solution. The project is currently cloned via HTTPS, so we could also try a hrefhttpgitscm.comdocsgitcredentialstore relnofollowsaving credentialsa globally so that git wont prompt the local system account for password when trying to pull via PHP, but that seems like the worst possible solution securitywise.p  pAny ideasp  p UPDATE p  pWeve decided not to worry about security implications right now. I then followed all the steps to save credentials for a new readonly user, but no success. I can see a .gitcredentials file with the correct userpassurl inp  pCWINDOWSsystem32configsystemprofilep  pAll commands work via browser except for pull, fetch, etc.p  pAny more ideasp  p UPDATE 2 p  pIve now changed the wampapache service to run as an administrator account instead, which also has credentials stored on its root folder . Its the same account I can pushpull via cmd without userpass prompts. But when I try via browser... No luck.p  pIm now officially out of ideas.p
Negative 325 pWe have a legacy system with support for multiple languages. The language specific fields is duplicate on each database row  per language with language code as column name prefix. In our EF6 model we us a LocalizedString complex type to hold all the translated values for each string property. Based on this article a hrefhttppatrickdesjardins.combloghowtohavelocalizedstringwithmvcandentityframework relnofollowhttppatrickdesjardins.combloghowtohavelocalizedstringwithmvcandentityframeworka p  pI am able to define the mapping based on the web app threads CurrentCulture and us it in linq projections with EF6. But I am not totally happy with how the mapping code is inside the view model. p  pSample domain class, ViewModel and mapping p  hr  precodepublic partial class CountryDomain      public CountryDomain              CountryName  new LocalizedString           public long CountryId  get set      public LocalizedString CountryName  get set      public string CountryCode  get set    public class CountryViewModel      public long CountryId  get set      public string CountryName  get set      public string CountryCode  get set    public void CreateMap    Mapper.CreateMapltCountryDomain, CountryViewModelgt   .ForMemberdest gt dest.CountryName, opt gt opt.MapFromsrc gt      Context.TwoLetterISOLanguageName  en  src.CountryName.ValueEn       Context.TwoLetterISOLanguageName  da  src.CountryName.ValueDa       src.CountryName.ValueNo codepre  pp  hr  pI would like to move the content of MapFrom to a general location and still retain the support for LINQ Projection Queries. Suppose we suddenly have to add support for a new language and then must remenber to update a lot of view models. p  pThe inline ternery operator  is translated into a SQL CASE WHEN .... END statement to only load the correct filed from database which is quite nice. p  pDo any of you have a solution to this problem that still support projection in LINQ queries p
Negative 325 pI would like to go through all the dependencies of all the configurations after all the subprojects including those multiple levels down have been processed so thatp  precoderootProject.getConfigurations.each  configuration gt     println configuration configuration.getAllDependencies  codepre  pdoesnt return empty lists if the subproject defined dependencies for that configuration.p  pOne possible way to do it would be to have a dummy project and use codeevaluationDependsOncode in its codebuild.gradlecode file. Is there a less hacky way to do thisp
Negative 325 pI really want to use nested property as a named param in a hibernate query. So I can maintenance my param bean more elegantly.p  pFor example, I want write my HQL likep  precode...... where     employee.age gt age.min   and     employee.age lt age.max   and     employee.name  name codepre  pand put all the params into ONE paramBean, and in this paramBean, there is a nested bean named age, and the nested bean have 2 properties min and max.p  pBut the problem isp  ol liThe HQL syntax does not support nested property as named param Hibernate will throw a exception, because it does not allow using . in the param name.li lipIn the org.hibernate.internal.AbstractQueryImpl.setPropertiesObject method, the implementation code isp  precode    Getter getter  ReflectHelper.getGetter clazz, namedParam      Class retType  getter.getReturnType     final Object object  getter.get bean  codepreli ol  pIt use the getter method on the param bean, so it can not retrieve the nested property.p  pI had to create lots of delegate method in the param bean, to access the nested propertyp  precodepublic int getAgeMin      return this.age.getMin    public int getAgeMax      return this.age.getMax  codepre  pand write the HQL likep  precode...... where     employee.age gt ageMin   and     employee.age lt ageMax   and     employee.name  name codepre  pThis problem bothered me for years.p  pAnd I finally find a way to fix it.p  pHere is the solutionp  ol liFor problem 1 In HQL use  as a escape char for the .li ol  pHQL likesp  precode...... where     employee.age gt agemin   and     employee.age lt agemax   and     employee.name  name codepre  ol start2 liFor problem 2 write some helper methods, to set all param values for the HQL.li ol  pThe code of the helper methods arep  precodeprivate void setParametersfinal Query query, final Object paramBean      for String namedParam  query.getNamedParameters          try                Fix problem 1               unescape the param name into nested property name             String nestedPropName  StringUtils.replacenamedParam, ,                     .                Fix problem 2               retrieve the nested property, using Apache Commons BeanUtils              see httpcommons.apache.orgpropercommonsbeanutils             Object paramValue  PropertyUtils.getNestedPropertyparamBean,                     nestedPropName              Classltgt paramType  null             if paramValue  null                  paramType  paramValue.getClass                           if paramType  null                     ampamp Collection.class.isAssignableFromparamType                  query.setParameterListnamedParam,                         Collectionltgt paramValue              else if paramType  null ampamp paramType.isArray                  query.setParameterListnamedParam, Object[] paramValue              else                  Type type  this.guessTypeparamType                 query.setParameternamedParam, paramValue, type                       catch Exception e              throw new RuntimeExceptione                  private Type guessTypefinal Classltgt clazz throws HibernateException      SessionFactoryImplementor sessionFactoryImplementor  SessionFactoryImplementor this.sessionFactory      String typeName  clazz.getName     Type type  sessionFactoryImplementor.getTypeResolver.heuristicType             typeName     boolean serializable  type  null ampamp type instanceof SerializableType     if type  null  serializable          try              sessionFactoryImplementor.getEntityPersisterclazz.getName          catch MappingException me              if serializable                  return type              else                  throw new HibernateException                         Could not determine a type for class   typeName                               return this.getSession.getTypeHelper.entityclazz      else          return type       codepre  pThe important points are strong[ Fix problem 1 ]strong and strong[ Fix problem 2 ]strong,p  pall the other code are simply copied from org.hibernate.internal.AbstractQueryImplp
Negative 325 pI have a Spring Boot application that contains a Camel route with a JPA consumer.p  pWhen running a test that uses the FlyTest annotation the database is reset as expected prior to the test but while this is happening the Camel JPA consumer tries to execute an SQL select against the database.p  pHow do I disable the route while FlywayTest is resetting the databasep  pAny suggestions are appreciated.p
Negative 325 pI am new in java and have a validation issue probably binding for the codeemailTocode parameter which I would like to be validated in the UI.p  pI have a Task.java class that defined as Entity table. One of the parameters is codeemailTocodep  precodeEmail NotNull NotEmpty Patternregexp[az], messageinvalidemail ColumnnameEMAILTO private String emailTo codepre  pBindingResult result errors array in the controller is empty for for emailTo but it throw exception when it trying to add it to the DB i.e. due to the NotEmpty annotation. Means, the annotation works fine but the validation not.p  precodeRequestMappingvalue  tasknew, method  RequestMethod.POST public String processCreationFormValid ModelAttributetaskModelNewTaskModel taskModel, BindingResult result, SessionStatus status  codepre  pFor other parameter codemodifiedSincecode in the Task.class the validation seems to work fine the UI display the error messagep  precodeTemporalTemporalType.TIMESTAMP ColumnnameMODIFIEDSINCE private Date modifiedSince codepre  pAfter I added the following initBinder, I dont see the error message anymore in case the user didnt fill the codemodifiedSincecode as expectedp  precodeInitBinder public void initBinderWebDataBinder binder      SimpleDateFormat dateFormat  new SimpleDateFormatyyyyMMdd     dateFormat.setLenientfalse      true passed to CustomDateEditor constructor means convert empty String to null     binder.registerCustomEditorDate.class, new CustomDateEditordateFormat, true  codepre  pIn order to validate all Tasks fields I have to validate it locallyp  precode    TaskValidator taskValidator  new TaskValidator     taskValidator.validatetaskModel.getTask, result codepre  pBut it isnt good enough because it doesnt validate by the annotations from the Task class in case well have to add additional column to the Task table well have to add a local validattion instead of just to use the annotation in the tableclass.p  pI am already trying to solve it for a few days but I dont understand why the global validation works for codemodifiedSince javax.persistence.Temporalcode but not for codeemailTocode.p  pNote that the Task.class placed in other project external for the controller. strongI created a simple class and it works fine. Is there a reason why it doesnt work Entity classstrongp  pI will appreciate your help.p  pBest, Mikep
Negative 325 pI have a script which adds a machine to domain, move it to particular Organization Unit and add the machine to Active Directory Group.p  pThe adding to domain and moving to OU is working. strongBut the machine is not getting added in AD Group.strongp  pstrongCommand I am tryingstrongp  precodenamegc envcomputername secpasswd  ConvertToSecureString Passwd AsPlainText Force mycreds  NewObject System.Management.Automation.PSCredentialabcuser,secpasswd AddADGroupMember id GroupName Members CNname,OUPOC,DNabc,DNcom Credential mycreds codepre  pstrongThings which I have already donestrongp  pinstalled the strongActive Directory Domain Services rolestrong in the machine p  pstrongstarted the active directory web servicesstrongp  pstrongthen imported the active directory modulestrongp  pstrongErrorstrongp  precodeAddADGroupMember  Unable to contact the server. This may be because the server does not exist, it is currently down, or it does not have Active Directory Web Services running. At line1 char1 AddADGroupMember id GroupName Members CNname,OUPOC,DNabc,DNcom   CategoryInfo ResourceUnavailableltGroupNameADGroupgt [AddADGroupMember],ADServerDownException   FullyQualifiedErrorId ActiveDirectoryServer0,Microsoft.ActiveDirectory.Management.Commands.AddADGroupMember codepre  pI also tried executing other AD commands like GetADGroupMember etc, all the Active Directory commands are giving the same error in powershell.p  pAm i missing something stuck at this issue. Please guide.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pI want to transfer some data from another site. They have a SSH server through which I connect to that site. Once connected, I use a SFTP command to an internal machine which I cannot access directly from my machine and get the data.p  pI now want to transfer a large bz2 file.p  pThe problem is the SSH machine I use to connect to the data can ONLY hold around 50GB.p  pSo this is what I do normally below but now I want to do it for transferring ALL the subfolders in this bz2 file VIA the SSH machine.p  pCurrent steps as followsp  precodessh georgessh.abc.com  sftp georgebigserver.abc.com  cd tempgeorge  get file.txt  bye exit codepre  pNow from my local machine p  precodesftp georgessh.abc.com get file.txt bye codepre  pI also have a UNZIPPD folder in my data file if that helps.p  pWhat I want to dop  p1 I want to transfer the whole folder to my local machine via the SSH server but as I mentioned the SSH server can only hold 50GB at a time. I also want to do it that I can start it and not have to do it manually, file by file like now.p  p2 Also dont want to lose the SSHSFTP connection half way.p  pAny suggestions on scripts I could use would be much appreciated.p
Negative 325 pI have two codeListBuffercodesp  precode  import scala.collection.mutable.    val lstbufWhichChange  ListBufferCore, One, Zero, Right, Top, Else   val lstbufStatic  ListBufferCore, Right, Left, Zero, One, Two, Top, Bottom, Else codepre  pThe codelstbufWhichChangecode is a subset of codelstbufStaticcode. What I am trying to do is, finding a way to compare these two collections, if codelstbufWhichChangecode has the elements in the same order like the codelstbufStaticcode even if it doesnt contains all of them its a subset. How I can do itp
Negative 325 pGiven a LocationListener, consider the following stubp  precodepublic class MyLocationListener implements LocationListener       private Location sharedLocation      Override     public void onLocationChangedLocation location          this.sharedLocation  location                   public void doSomeWorkOnLocation         Location loc  sharedLocation           Do meaningful work on the location.           codepre  pResearching here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11129925onlocationchangedcallbackismadeonwhatthreadthemainuithreadonLocationChanged caller thread originap  pleads me to ponder   since codedoMeaningfulWorkcode is supposedly not on the same looper thread that calls onLocationChanged, what is the best way to synchronize codesharedLocationcodep  pShould I make sharedLocation volatile Preferable since access to the variable would be nonblocking, but surely volatile has its caveats or maybe synchronized Or should I take a whole different approachp
Negative 325 pSupose i ve got a walking character  animation, how do i import it from android. I know that you can do sprite with xml files although it isnt smooth, but imnot really sure how to do it with bone animations.p  pOr is there a way to make some basic character animation in android p  pIf it helps im using Unity.p
Negative 325 pI want to make a codeBookingcode class to book concert tickets. A codeConcertHallcode class has 2 different seats, namely VIP and Regular. Ive chosen codeSeat[][]code as my data structure, where a codeSeatcode class contains codeseatnumberStringcode and codepreferenceStringcode. Now, the VIP and Regular seats have a different capacity. Lets say the VIPs capacity is 10x5 seats and the Regulars capacity is 50x100 seats. The seats corresponding to both VIP and Regular also have Left, Center, and Right preferences.  p  pThe problem with my current design is I have so many redundant code . Lets say a user wants to book a concert ticket, heshe will call the method codebookVIP, Mary, Centercode. This is what my design and book method look likep  precodeclass Booking      private ConcertHall A      public BookingString name              A  new ConcertHallname           public boolean bookString serviceClass, String name, String preference              Seat seat  findserviceClass, preference          ifseat  null                       assignSeatseat, name             return true                   return false        class ConcertHall      private Seat[][] VIP     private Seat[][] Regular      public Seat findSeatString serviceClass, String preference              ifserviceClass.equalsVIP                       query VIP array                  else ifserviceClass.equalsRegular                       query Regular array                    public boolean assignSeatSeat seat, String name              ifserviceClass.equalsVIP                       query VIP array                  else ifserviceClass.equalsRegular                       query Regular array                codepre  pTheres already a problem here, namely for almost every method in codeConcertHallcode, I have to do 2 identical checking for the VIP class and Regular class. Now Im stuck. My code looks long and stupid because of the 2 identical checking. p  pupdate I forgot to mention, theres an additional requirement. I have to keep track of the seats position. Lets say a group of people want to book concert tickets, we have to find available seats in the same row. So, a HashMap wouldnt work here I think.p
Negative 325 pHello I would like to ask if there a way to turn onoff flash without stopping camera preview. I need to turn it on few time while capturing preview screen lets say, each 200ms.p  pI tried to use takePhoto method and start preview just after taking photo but delay is too much, also the only way i found to turn on flashlight using ndk was for Nexus phones.p  pI would be grateful for any tips.p
Negative 325 pI am new to hadoop Hello I am trying to upload a file using a hrefhttpsgithub.comdreluwebhdfspy relnofollowWebHDFSa example from here . I am running Hortonworks sandbox VM on virtual box.  I could successfully create a directory. p  precode02232015 044011 PM  webhdfs  DEBUG  Create directorywebhdfsv1helloworldopMKDIRS 02232015 044011 PM  webhdfs  DEBUG   port50070 02232015 044011 PM  webhdfs  DEBUG  HTTP Response 200, OK 02232015 044011 PM  webhdfs  DEBUG  HTTP Response 200, OK codepre  pNow when I try to create a file it  gives me a redirect response which is fine by the protocol p  precode 02232015 044011 PM  webhdfs  DEBUG  HTTP Response 307, TEMPORARYREDIRECT  02232015 044011 PM  webhdfs  DEBUG  HTTP Response 307, TEMPORARYREDIRECT  02242015 021305 PM  webhdfs  DEBUG  Redirect host sandbox.hortonworks.com, port 50075, path webhdfsv1userhuejobsubsampledatasonnets.txtopOPENampuser.namehueampnamenoderpcaddresssandbox.hortonworks.com8020ampoffset0  codepre  pI understand codesandbox.hortonworks.com, port 50075code is not the right pointer I am not sure how to configure the hadoop settings so the correct location to writeread files.p  pI tried couple of things by modifying hdfssie.xml and coresite.xml to point to localhost but it just broke things. p  pAny help would be appreciated p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI am working on Universal apps and I am new in this platform. I want to display an Alert box with languages in it and get input from User based on RadioButton checked. I used CustomMessageBox in Windows Phone 8 for this purpose. But its not available in Windows Universal apps. So, I tried MessageDialog but in that we cant add other controls. After some research I found a Control named Flyout, using which I  was able to display Radio button and got user input. But if user taps outside that flyout then the flyout closes. So the language is not selected. Please can anyone suggest a control which can be used.p
Negative 325 pMy Gradle implementation uses Maven Central and a local repository that stores my companys jars. Is there a way to tell Gradle that only dependencies with group com.myCompany should be searched for in the local repository Im getting errors when public jars are not found in my local repo and thought this may be a way to work around that.p
Negative 325 pi want to read the first part of my input from .txt and get the rest manually from user. for instancep  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltstringgt using namespace std  int main      string a[100]     for int i0ilt100i         cin gtgt a[i]     for int i0ilt100i         cout ltlt a[i] ltlt endl  codepre  pif i run the above code like .a.out lt input.txt and input.txt only consists of 10 words for example, how can i strongredirect the input stream back to consolestrong so that i get the rest from user p
Negative 325 pIs there something like a base class for generic classesp  pI want something like thisp  precodepublic class MyCollectionltTgt where T  MyBaseObject     void AddMyBaseObject obj         cast to T and insert        int Count        get             count something            public class MyCollectionCollection    DictionaryltType, MyCollectiongt collections  new DictionaryltType, MyCollectiongt    AddMyBaseObject obj        collections[obj.GetType].Addobj     codepre  pcodeMyCollectionCollectioncode contains known subclasses of codeMyBaseObjectcode, which are stored in typespecific collections.p  pcodeDictionaryltType, MyCollectiongtcode doesnt work. I have to define an interface codeIMyCollectioncode. But than I have to put every method into codeMyCollectionltTgtcode and into codeIMyCollectioncode, which seems a bit redundant. And I have to write a gettersetter to replace fields like codeMyCollectionltTgt.Countcode, which seems bloated.p  pstrongEditstrong codepublic void AddT objcode in codeMyCollectionltTgtcode was my first attempt, but I dont know, how to use that in codeMyCollectionCollectioncode. codeDictionaryltType, MyCollectiongt collectionscode doesnt work CS0305. I need a base class for all codeMyCollectionltTgtcode there, which has codeAddT elementcode. p
Negative 325 pI have a collection with data that contains insertion times. How do I process this information such that I can display a graph on the front end that plots number of items inserted per day.p  pI wish to display a bar graph which plots the days on xaxis and shows the number of documents inserted on the day.p  pHow should I process the collection so that I can achieve this. Please point me in the right direction.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to apply the CSS blur property only to the backgroundimage of with codeidhomecode, but it also reflects in children class too. My HTML code isp  precodeltsection idhomegt                 ltdiv classhomegt         lth1gtncats is an innovativelth1gt     ltdivgt              ltsectiongt codepre  pMy CSS code isp  precodehome     display block     backgroundurl..images2.jpg norepeat     backgroundsize cover     webkitfilter blur5px     mozfilter blur5px     ofilter blur5px     msfilter blur5px     filter blur5px     width 100     height 1080px  .home     textaligncenter  codepre  pIm trying to get an output like in the below link a hrefhttpcodepen.ioakademypenFlkzB relnofollowhttpcodepen.ioakademypenFlkzBap  pBut my output is like this, instead a hrefhttpcodepen.ioanonpenyyEZOb relnofollowhttpcodepen.ioanonpenyyEZObap
Negative 325 pIm trying to copy my own alarm tones to Android system by following a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma252982801133524this explanationa and a hrefhttpsgithub.comszhbreakifyblob86e4a8cc28441229d90e59153ed5988b14f06e23appsrcmainjavacomheightechllcbreakifyCustomAlarmTones.java relnofollowthis codea.p  pThe problem is that I cant copy the file from my raw resources to the external memory. Ive looked other questions here but no answer seems to work for me.p  pThis is my AndroidManifest I put the WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGE outside application tag as stated a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma81820701133524hereap  precode... ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.RECORDAUDIO gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.READPHONESTATE gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WAKELOCK gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.DISABLEKEYGUARD gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.RECEIVEBOOTCOMPLETED gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGE gt  ltapplication... codepre  pAnd this is my code. It runs on a new thread started from onCreate of my main activity. The method void onFirstTime is called from that new thread, and this method calls void copyRawRingtoneFile dstPath, int resId repeatedlyp  precodevoid copyRawRingtoneFile dstPath, int resId      final String fileName  getResources.getResourceEntryNameresId  .mp3     File dstFile  new FiledstPath, fileName     if dstFile.exists          InputStream srcStream  getResources.openRawResourceresId         FileOutputStream dstStream  null         try              dstFile.createNewFile  THIS THROWS THE EXCEPTION             dstStream  new FileOutputStreamdstFile             byte[] buffer  new byte[1024]             int bytesRead             while bytesRead  srcStream.readbuffer gt 0                  dstStream.writebuffer, 0, bytesRead                            Set the file metadata             final String mimeType  audiompeg             final String dstAbsPath  dstFile.getAbsolutePath             ContentValues contentValues  new ContentValues             contentValues.putMediaStore.MediaColumns.DATA, dstAbsPath             contentValues.putMediaStore.MediaColumns.TITLE, fileName             contentValues.putMediaStore.MediaColumns.MIMETYPE, mimeType             contentValues.putMediaStore.Audio.Media.ISALARM, true             contentValues.putMediaStore.Audio.Media.ISNOTIFICATION, false             contentValues.putMediaStore.Audio.Media.ISRINGTONE, false             contentValues.putMediaStore.Audio.Media.ISMUSIC, false               Add the metadata to the file in the database             Uri contentUri  MediaStore.Audio.Media.getContentUriForPathdstAbsPath             Uri newUri  getContentResolver.insertcontentUri, contentValues               Tell the media scanner about the new ringtone             MediaScannerConnection.scanFile                     this,                     new String[]newUri.toString,                     new String[]mimeType,                     null                       catch Exception e              e.printStackTrace          finally              if dstStream  null                  try                      dstStream.close                  catch IOException e                      e.printStackTrace                                                try              srcStream.close          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace                  First time initialization called in a new thread from onCreate void onFirstTime      if Environment.getExternalStorageState.equalsEnvironment.MEDIAMOUNTED          File dstPath  Environment.getExternalStoragePublicDirectoryEnvironment.DIRECTORYALARMS          This returns false but since I run it on an emulator, I dont know how to check if it actually exists         dstPath.mkdirs         Field[] rawResources  R.raw.class.getFields         final ProgressBar installProgress  ProgressBar findViewByIdR.id.progressBar         final int length  rawResources.length         runOnUiThreadnew Runnable              Override             public void run                  installProgress.setMaxlength                               for int i  0 i lt length i              try                  int resId  rawResources[i].getIntrawResources[i]                 copyRawRingtonedstPath, resId  Call the method above              catch IllegalAccessException e                  e.printStackTrace                          final int progress  i  1             runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                  Override                 public void run                      installProgress.setProgressprogress                                              codepre  pThe line dstFile.createNewFile is throwing an exceptionp  precodejava.io.IOException open failed ENOENT No such file or directory codepre  pI dont understand what could be the problem. Im running this on an emulator NexusSAPI21armeabiv7a.p  pIm not seeing the storage of the emulator under my PC, so I believe phone emulator storage is not mounted on my PC, therefore I dont think a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma130323601133524this could be the problema.p  pAt the moment of the exception, those are some variable valuesp  precodedstPathstoragesdcardAlarms fileNamewhistlealarm.mp3 dstFilestoragesdcardAlarmswhistlealarm.mp3 codepre  pSince this returns truep  precodeEnvironment.getExternalStorageState.equalsEnvironment.MEDIAMOUNTED codepre  pIt seems that the media is mounted and is writable not MEDIAMOUNTEDREADONLY. So I dont know what could be the problem Does anyone has any ideap  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI added those two lines I also put one line before and one after to see it in contextp  precodeFile dstPath  Environment.getExternalStoragePublicDirectoryEnvironment.DIRECTORYALARMS         final boolean exists  dstPath.exists  Added. existstrue         final boolean canWrite  dstPath.canWrite  Added. canWritetrue         dstPath.mkdirs codepre  pI also removedp  precodedstFile.createNewFile  THIS THROWS THE EXCEPTION codepre  pAnd it works nowp  pBut I had tested many times without this createNewFile line and it didnt work. Indeed I added that line to see if I could make it work with it. So I tried again with that line and it works toop  pstrongI suspect that the actual solution was to restart the emulator.strongp
Negative 325 pI have the following datap  precodeid      tests      testvalue 1       A           4 1       B           5 1       C           3 1       D           3  2       A           3 2       B           3 3       C           3 3       D           4 4       A           3 4       B           5 4       A           1 4       B           3 codepre  pI would like to change the above long data format into following wide data.p  precodeid      testA   testB    testC   testD   index 1       4      5        3         3        1 2       3      3        .         .        2 3       .      .        3         4        3 4       3      5        .         .        4 4       1      3        .         .        5 codepre  pI am trying p  precodereshape wide testvalue, iid jtests  codepre  pIt gives error because there are no unique values within codetestscode.p  pWhat would be the solution to this problem p
Negative 325 pI am new to programming with arrays, so I am not sure how I can calculate the sum of an array that receives input. Through research, Ive learned how to set up an array and how to calculate the sum of the array using stream, but when the array receives input such that it does not start with a set value, I do not know how to calculate the sum. Here is my codep  precodepublic class TestClass    public static void mainString[] args     Scanner sc  new ScannerSystem.in      ArrayList a  new ArrayList     for int i  0 i lt 20 i         double b  sc.nextDouble         a.addb         int[] c  aThis step is where I get lost. Im not sure what needs to happen to a         Arrays.streamc         System.out.printlnArrays.streamc.sum          codepre  pThanksp  pNote java.util., java.io., java.util.stream., and java.util.Arrays are all imported.p
Negative 325 pI am having trouble getting ontouchlistners to do as I want.p  pHere is the setup I a LinearLayout inside a Framelayout. In addition, I have a custom view fullscreenView inside the Framelayout. This custom view is set to overlap the whole Linearlayout. Inside the Linearlayout, I have another custom view smallView. This view only takes up part of the Framelayout. p  pAs a result, a small part of fullscreenView overlaps the whole smallView. p  pI want the user to be able to perform a touch event on smallView and the code to draw a floating menu on fullscreenView. The menu may protrude from smallView so I want to draw it in fullscreenView where there is no chance of that.p  pHeres the code that doesnt work  It is located in the fragment in which these view are placed.p  precodeOverride public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,                          Bundle savedInstanceState       Inflate the layout for this fragment     final View rootView  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentmain, container, false      final View fullscreenView  rootView.findViewByIdR.id.fullscreenview     final View smallView  rootView.findViewByIdR.id.smallview      smallView.setOnTouchListenernew View.OnTouchListener         Override         public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event              ifevent.getAction  MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN                 fullscreenView.invalidate                          return true                    fullscreenView.setOnTouchListenernew View.OnTouchListener         Override         public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event              if event.getAction  MotionEvent.ACTIONUP                 Toast.makeTextgetActivity, FINGER UP, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                          if event.getAction  MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN                 Toast.makeTextgetActivity, FINGER DOWN, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                          return false                    return rootView  codepre  pThe main issue is that the FINGER UP toast does not show. The FINGER DOWN toast does. I know that the smallView ontouchlistener works as the fullscreenview does invalidate did not include that snippet of code as it makes everything convolutedp  pWhat Ive read online says that return true will consume the event. So I have returned true on the smallView because there will be no further views with touch listeners underneath the smallView. p  pIve made the fullscreenView return true, but then the smallviewlistner does not invalidate the fullscreenview. Ive also tried switches but those yield similar results.p  pAny help is greatly appreciated. Thanks.p
Negative 325 pI have a Grid of a Cards which is generated when view is loaded. By default I havep  precodeltQueryFiltergtOrderId ne 0LltQueryFiltergt ltOrderinggtId ascltOrderinggt codepre  pIt means that Cards in my grid will be sorted by its Ids and also Card will be in grid only if codeOrderIdcode is not 0 codefilterOrderId ne 0Lcode.p  pMy Card class also contains datetime codeDateExcode expiration date. I need to extend my filter and add to codeOrderId ne 0Lcode something which will show Card in grid only if codeDateExcode is codenullcode OR if it is more or equal to current real datetime.p  pHow this kind of codefiltercode supposed to lookp
Negative 325 pWhen working with web apps, often times we are creating models locally and saving them to the server. Of course, theres a time in the interim where the local object does not have an codeidcode property assigned yet.p  pNormally, Ive found myself grabbing Backbone models by their actual codeidcode and working around this issue. However, is it reasonable to just disregard codeidcode entirely and only use codecidcode Are there any disadvantages or caveats to using codecidcode to track models locally It looks like it should always be unique so I cant think of any issues there.p  pTaking it further, what strategies do you guys use for related models before they have an codeidcode property Can codecidcode somehow be used without making the code very complicatedp
Negative 325 pIm trying to use codeListViewAnimations librarycode in my test project, therei have  an activity where  i want to implement drug and drop functionality to this listp  pMy strongListViewTest strongp  precodepublic class ListViewTest extends ActionBarActivity    DynamicListView list DataBaseAdapter dataBaseHelper private int mNewItemCount  public ListltCardsgt list1 Cards cards  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitylistviewtest      dataBaseHelper  new DataBaseAdapterthis      MyAdapter adapter1  new MyAdapterthis, dataBaseHelper.getData      list  DynamicListView findViewByIdR.id.testlistview      list.enableDragAndDrop     list.setDraggableManagernew TouchViewDraggableManagerR.id.linearlayout     list.setOnItemMovedListenernew MyOnItemMovedListeneradapter1, list1     list.setOnItemLongClickListenernew MyOnItemLongClickListenerlist      list.setAdapteradapter1    private static class MyOnItemLongClickListener implements AdapterView.OnItemLongClickListener       private final DynamicListView mListView      MyOnItemLongClickListenerfinal DynamicListView listView          mListView  listView           Override     public boolean onItemLongClickfinal AdapterViewltgt parent, final View view, final int position, final long id          return true        private class MyOnDismissCallback implements OnDismissCallback       private final MyAdapter myAdapter      Nullable     private Toast mToast      MyOnDismissCallbackfinal MyAdapter adapt          myAdapter  adapt           Override     public void onDismissNonNull final ViewGroup listView, NonNull final int[] reverseSortedPositions          for int position  reverseSortedPositions              myAdapter.removeposition                   if mToast  null              mToast.cancel                  private class MyOnItemMovedListener implements OnItemMovedListener       private final MyAdapter adapter1     ListltCardsgt cardsList       private Toast mToast      MyOnItemMovedListenerfinal MyAdapter adapt, ListltCardsgt list1          adapter1  adapt         cardsList  list1           Override     public void onItemMovedfinal int originalPosition, final int newPosition          private class MyOnItemClickListener implements AdapterView.OnItemClickListener       private final DynamicListView mListView      MyOnItemClickListenerfinal DynamicListView listView          mListView  listView           Override     public void onItemClickfinal AdapterViewltgt parent, final View view, final int position, final long id          mListView.insertposition, mNewItemCount         mNewItemCount        codepre  pstrongMyAdapter class strongp  precodepublic class MyAdapter extends ArrayAdapterltCardsgt    private Activity mActivity private ListltCardsgt data public static LayoutInflater inflater  null public Resources resources Cards cards  null  int i  0   private final Context mContext  public MyAdapterfinal Context context, List d       mContext  context      this.data  d   public static class ViewHolder       public TextView text      public ImageView image    Override public View getViewfinal  int position,final View convertView,final ViewGroup parent      View vi  convertView     ViewHolder holder     ifconvertView  null          vi View LayoutInflater.frommContext.inflateR.layout.customrow, parent, false         holder  new ViewHolder         holder.text   TextViewvi.findViewByIdR.id.listText         holder.image  ImageView vi.findViewByIdR.id.imagecountry          vi.setTagholder      else         holder  ViewHolder vi.getTag      ifdata.sizelt0           else          cards  data.getposition          holder.text.setTextcards.getName          return vi   Override public long getItemIdint position      return position   NonNull Override public ListltCardsgt getItems      return super.getItems   Override public int getCount       if data.size lt 0         return 1     return data.size   Override public boolean hasStableIds      return true   codepre  pstrongCardsstrong is my getter and setter class, list is populated prom SQlite db  , when my program starts its all ok , but when i try to drug and drop items , i have this codejava.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException Invalid index here is current item index, size is 0code . I thiks i didnt announce My List somehere in codeOnItemMovedLIstenercode but i didnt figure it out how to do it and how rewrite my Listp  pThanks for answersp
Negative 325 pHello anyone help me to create an private image in Google Compute Engine using Java language. Using that image I want to create an instance.p  pI use Compute client to create an instance with public image in target cloud below is sample codep  precodeInstance instance  new instance.setNameserver.getName Image image  client.images.getdebiancloud,role.getName.execute AttachedDiskInitializeParams iParams  new AttachedDiskInitializeParams             iParams.setDiskNameserver.getName.setDiskSizeGb10L.setSourceImageimage.getSelfLink AttachedDisk attDisk  new AttachedDisk.setBoottrue.setTypePERSISTENT.setAutoDeleteBoolean.FALSE.setModeREADWRITE.setInitializeParamsiParams instance.setDisksnew ArrayListltAttachedDiskgtArrays.asListattDisk  codepre  pNow I want to create an instance using my private image. How can I create that image using rest. I have an image so I want to upload it to Google Compute Engine and create instance using that image, but I am unable to figure out way to create image in Google Compute Engine after referring the Google Compute Engine API. p
Negative 325 pI want to have server side validation. Is there a way how can I have the alert like a hrefhttp2nwl40151nra3yah86118nxtto0.wpengine.netdnacdn.comwpcontentuploads201304ScreenShot20130430at2.06.13AM.png relnofollowthis imagea whenever the user input the data like email that exist in my database, the alert will appear when I hit the sumbit button. Thanks in advance. Dp  pHeres my createacc.htmlp  precodeltform actioncreateacc.php methodPOST idfieldformgt     ltdlgt     ltpgtltdtgtEmail Addressltdtgt     ltddgt     ltinput typetext nameemail idemail classtext placeholderYour Email will be your log in autocompleteoffgt     ltddgt     ltpgt      ltpgtltdtgtCreate Passwordltdtgt     ltddgt     ltinput typepassword namepassword idpassword classtext placeholderRemember your password autocompleteoffgt     ltpgt     ltpgt     ltpgtltdtgtYour Complete nameltdtgt     ltddgt     ltinput typetext namename idname classtext placeholderYour Complete name autocompleteoffgt     ltpgt     ltpgt     ltdtgt     ltinput typesubmit valueSubmitgt     ltdtgt     ltpgt     ltdlgt ltformgt codepre  pHeres my createacc.phpp  precodeltphp sessionstart email  POST[email] name  POST[name] pass  POST[password]  hash  hashsha256,pass  function createSalt     text  md5uniqidrand, true     return substrtext,0,3   salt  createSalt pass  hashsha256,salt.hash  conn  mysqliconnectlocalhost,root,,mydb  email  mysqlirealescapestringconn,email  query  INSERT INTO customersEmail,Password,Name,salt VALUESemail,pass,name,salt  mysqliqueryconn,query  mysqlicloseconn  headerLocation index.php gt codepre
Negative 325 pNote This is a followup question to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions28946553googlechartstimelinephparrayasinput28951167noredirect1comment4622204528951167an earlier post of minea.p  pI have a PHP array which I need to parse to a JavaScript. Currently I am attempting to do so, using codeltphp echo jsonencodearraynamegtcode inside the JavaScript. For most of the data in the array, this works fine, except for the dates. The array I am trying to parse looks like thisp  precodetimeData  array   array1, Some task,        date20150409, date20150423,   array2, Another task,     date20150413, date20150420,   array3, A different task, date20150416, date20150430  gt codepre  pI need to parse this array, in a way that makes it usable in a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comchartinteractivedocsgallerytimeline relnofollowGoogle Charts Timelinea, where the function looks like this see comment in codep  precodeltscript typetextjavascript srchttpswww.google.comjsapiautoloadmodules[namevisualization,        version1,packages[timeline]]gtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt  google.setOnLoadCallbackdrawChart function drawChart    var container  document.getElementByIdexample2.1   var chart  new google.visualization.Timelinecontainer   var dataTable  new google.visualization.DataTable    dataTable.addColumn type string, id Term    dataTable.addColumn type string, id Name    dataTable.addColumn type date, id Start    dataTable.addColumn type date, id End      This is the part I would like to replace with the PHP array   dataTable.addRows[     [ 1, George Washington, new Date1789, 3, 29, new Date1797, 2, 3 ],     [ 2, John Adams,        new Date1797, 2, 3,  new Date1801, 2, 3 ],     [ 3, Thomas Jefferson,  new Date1801, 2, 3,  new Date1809, 2, 3 ]]    chart.drawdataTable  ltscriptgt codepre  pI have tried several different ways of creating the dates in the PHP array, including codenew Datecode and codenew DateTimecode, all without luck. My final resort is to split the array up into pieces, before parsing the data. However this seems somewhat silly, as it is to be put together as an array again inside the JavaScript. Is there any way to write the dates in the PHP array, so that they work when parsed into the JavaScriptp
Negative 325 pWe have a big live site that uses Asp.Net WebForms and a lot of client side JS, with a lot of hard coding and dynamically created content on the client side.p  pWe need to convert it to be multilingual using resource files on the server side. What is the best way  AJAX calls, or maybe create a JS file that will be populated with all necessary multilingual content for every page Or another techniquep
Negative 325 pI have to write a class called Tile.p  pI have a given main.cpp which I cannot change. My question is on the constructor call in the given main function.p  pThe given main at the bottom calls the constructor with codeTileTileTYPECROSS, COLORREDcode and its giving me an error codeClass Tile does not have a member TYPECROSScode. Works on codeCOLORREDcode though.p  pMy question is, why is this called like this, with codeTileTileTYPECROSS,...code and not like I would do, for example codeTileTYPECROSS, COLORREDcode.p  pWith this it doesnt give me errors, but unfortunately I cant change the main. Also, I have to use enums for the stuff in the class.p  pTile.h by mep  precodeifndef TILEH define TILEH  enum Type    TYPECROSS  1,   TYPECURVE1  2,   TYPECURVE2  3   enum Color    COLORRED  1,   COLORWHITE  2   class Tile  private   Type side   Color topcolor public   Tile  Default constructor   TileType side, Color orientation  Constructor   Tile   endif codepre  pTile.cpp by mep  precodeinclude Tile.h   Constructor TileTileType side, Color orientation    side  side   topcolor  orientation  codepre  pGiven main.cppp  precodeint mainint argc, char argv    TileTileTYPECROSS, COLORRED  THIS LINE RIGHT HERE    TileTYPECROSS, COLORRED   Tile t1TYPECROSS, COLORRED   return 0  codepre  pIgnore the missing destructor, I will add it later.p
Negative 325 pi tried to print page number in footer using page counter in css but it will not count the page number until pagebreak happenedusing google chrome not firefoxp  pjqury to break page after specific trp  precode   if Object.FName  Names[i  1] ampamp Object.FName  Names[1]                                       var tr  lttr   classbreak border1  stylecolor white  fontweight bold fontsizq15px gtlttdgtUserlttdgt  lttdgtOrder lttdgt lttdgtTotal lttdgt lttdgtBalance lttdgt lttdgtItems lttdgt lttdgtStyle lttdgt lttdgtSize lttdgt lttdgtSize2 lttdgtlttrgt                                     table.appendtr                                    codepre  pcss codep  precode.break     pagebreakafter avoid     pagebreakbefore always   printfoot      display block     position fixed     bottom 0pt     right 0pt     fontsize 100       printfootafter          contentPage  counterpage         counterincrement page      codepre  phtmlp  precodelth1 idprintfootgtlth1gt codepre  ppage number will not increased only if i but h1 inside the tr coz it has a break class.p
Negative 325 pI found how to assign a quality gate to a project, but I couldnt find the api endpoint to set a quality profile for a project.p  pHow do I set a quality profile for a certain project via REST apip  pI a hrefhttpdocs.sonarqube.orgdisplaySONARWebServiceAPI relnofollowchecked the documentationa  sonarapidocumentation and I read the source code, with no luck..p  pBest regards Philippp
Negative 325 pwhile dynamically I am binding bootstrap rating control , rating class is not affecting in codejquerycode . p  pMy strongJquery Codestrongp  precode function GetReviewTypeForRatinghallIDFReview      .ajax         url Url.ActionGetReviewRatingTypes, PublicUser,         contentType applicationjson charsetutf8,         datatype json,         data obj  hallIDFReview  ,         type POST,  GET or POST GET is the default         success function data              if data  No Reviews                  data  JSON.parsedata                 console.logdata                 var divTr                    .eachdata, function i, item                      divTr  ltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcollg4gtltlabelgt  item.Description  ltlabelgtltdivgtltdiv classcollg5gtltdiv classformgroup inputgroupsmgt  ltinput idstarHallRatingitem.Id value0 typenumber classrating min0 max5 step1 datasizexsgt ltdivgtltdivgtltdiv classcollg3gtltdivgt ltdivgt                                  RevieTypeRatings gt div.remove                 RevieTypeRatings gt br.remove                 RevieTypeRatings.appenddivTr                      ,         error function xhr, status, error              var err  eval  xhr.responseText               alerterr.Message                 codepre
Negative 325 pI am trying to get the followingp  ul liSimple HTML website.li liCustom button on itli liWhen clicked, it should play a random audio file from a playlistli liWhen clicked again, another random audio file from the playlist should start playing. and so on.li ul  pI already did it with one audio file by using this p  pBut i have no idea what to do to get it working with a playlist and and playing a random song from it.p
Negative 325 pFresh Rails 4.2 set up. I want to suppress long error backtraces. In the following backtrace log first line would be enough for me, and next 4 could be removedp  precodeActionControllerRoutingError No route matches [GET] user   actionpack 4.2.1 libactiondispatchmiddlewaredebugexceptions.rb21in call   webconsole 2.1.2 libwebconsolemiddleware.rb37in call   actionpack 4.2.1 libactiondispatchmiddlewareshowexceptions.rb30in call   railties 4.2.1 librailsracklogger.rb38in callapp codepre  pIve added a new silencer to codebacktracesilencers.rbcodep  precode configinitializersbacktracesilencers.rb Rails.backtracecleaner.addsilencer  line line  lib  codepre  pAfter server restart  nothing happens, im still getting same backtrace log. Each line matching codelibcode was supposed to be removed a hrefhttpapi.rubyonrails.orgclassesActiveSupportBacktraceCleaner.htm relnofollowhttpapi.rubyonrails.orgclassesActiveSupportBacktraceCleaner.htmap  pSanity checkp  precodegt line  actionpack 4.2.1 libactiondispatchmiddlewaredebugexceptions.rb21in call gt actionpack 4.2.1 libactiondispatchmiddlewaredebugexceptions.rb21in call gt line  lib gt 19 codepre  pBut filters workp  precode configinitializersbacktracesilencers.rb Rails.backtracecleaner.addfilter  line line.gsublib, yeah  codepre  pNow backtrace looks like thisp  precodeActionControllerRoutingError No route matches [GET] user   actionpack 4.2.1 yeahactiondispatchmiddlewaredebugexceptions.rb21in call   webconsole 2.1.2 yeahwebconsolemiddleware.rb37in call   actionpack 4.2.1 yeahactiondispatchmiddlewareshowexceptions.rb30in call   railties 4.2.1 yeahrailsracklogger.rb38in callapp codepre  pWould appreciate an advice how to make silencers work. Cheersp
Negative 325 pThis is fairly simple but my syntax seems to be off somehow...trying to send an html based email with mailgun and the link in the email is only returning part of the href p  pThis half of the link up to regkeyemail a hrefhttpwww.hospitaldatasolutions.comphplogin.phpregkeyemail relnofollowhttpwww.hospitaldatasolutions.comphplogin.phpregkeyemailap  pheres my linep  precodeoutaddress  lta hrefhttpwww.hospitaldatasolutions.comphplogin.phpregkeyemail.returnkey.ampemailval.email.logregsignupboxgtLinkltagt codepre
Negative 325 pIm new in AngularJs. I try to make web with AngularJs and Bootstrap. when I call bootstrap modal I use this script  p  precode    scope.here  function heref           smallModal.modal          contentin.htmlf     codepre  pthat code I call use codengclickheretestcode in my header html i still use Jquery library. My question is , is it posiblle to unload jquery for call modal bootstrap who called with codecode prefix. I dont want to use any plugin except AngularJsp
Negative 325 pI am trying to generate a react reflux project using the yeoman generator but I am getting following error. I am using yeoman generator for this and I have installed generatorreactreflux via npm. p  precodepdc14s6zyr1expProj administrator yo  Allo administrator What would you like to do Use arrow keys   Run a generator  Angular    Webapp    React Reflux    Karma    Yeogurt    Mocha  Move up and down to reveal more choicesusrlocallibnodemodulesyonodemodulesconfigstoreindex.js86  Allo administrator What would you like to do React Reflux  Make sure you are in the directory you want to scaffold into. This generator can also be run with yo reactreflux                         ..     o            Bye from us Chat soon.                                                            U                 The Yeoman Team                 A     httpsgithub.comyeomanyeomanteam                    ..            Y    usrlocallibnodemodulesyonodemodulesyeomanenvironmentnodemodulesinquirernodemodulesrxdistrx.all.js9379         throw e                TypeError undefined is not a function     at run usrlocallibnodemodulesgeneratorreactrefluxnodemodulesyeomangeneratorlibbase.js44521     at composeWith usrlocallibnodemodulesyonodemodulesyeomangeneratorlibbase.js56815     at yoyo.initGenerator usrlocallibnodemodulesyoyoyo.js1008     at null.ltanonymousgt usrlocallibnodemodulesyoyoyo.js40735     at PromptUI.onCompletion usrlocallibnodemodulesyonodemodulesyeomanenvironmentnodemodulesinquirerlibuiprompt.js6910     at AnonymousObserver.Rx.AnonymousObserver.AnonymousObserver.completed usrlocallibnodemodulesyonodemodulesyeomanenvironmentnodemodulesinquirernodemodulesrxdistrx.all.js196512     at AnonymousObserver.Rx.internals.AbstractObserver.AbstractObserver.onCompleted usrlocallibnodemodulesyonodemodulesyeomanenvironmentnodemodulesinquirernodemodulesrxdistrx.all.js190214     at AutoDetachObserverPrototype.completed usrlocallibnodemodulesyonodemodulesyeomanenvironmentnodemodulesinquirernodemodulesrxdistrx.all.js939723     at AutoDetachObserver.Rx.internals.AbstractObserver.AbstractObserver.onCompleted usrlocallibnodemodulesyonodemodulesyeomanenvironmentnodemodulesinquirernodemodulesrxdistrx.all.js190214     at AnonymousObserver.onCompleted usrlocallibnodemodulesyonodemodulesyeomanenvironmentnodemodulesinquirernodemodulesrxdistrx.all.js303249 codepre  pMy Node and NPM are updatedp  precodepdc14s6zyr1expProj administrator npm v 2.5.1 pdc14s6zyr1expProj administrator node v v0.12.0 codepre  pMy Yeomans version isp  precodepdc1f3t18r1 administrator yo v 1.3.3 codepre  pIs there something that I am doing wrong in generating the projectp
Negative 325 pI need to create a table of tables, I mean, each cell for the first tableview should have a table with variable sizes, the size of the contents of the cell can change just on creation and the contents of the table that is in the cell can change.p  pHow can I accomplish thisp
Negative 325 pIm building a dual language store front FrenchEnglish. Originally I was going to create a sub directory mydomainname.comfr.p  pHowever now Im considering using Magentos URL Rewrite Management. Since I only have English and French it would be easy to use this to rewrite my cms pages, and url rewrite on productcategory pages is built in.p  pDoes anyone see in disadvantage to doing this rather than creating a subdirectory or any advantage for that matterp
Negative 325 pIm using the following python script to connect with adsl modem and retrive wifi informationp  precodehost  192.168.1.1 pwd    conn  httplib.HTTPConnectionhost auth  b64encodeadminpwd.decodeascii head   Authorization  Basic s   auth  conn.requestGET, basichomewlan.htm, headers  head resp  conn.getresponse  Do something ....  conn.close codepre  pMost of the times evereything is OK, but sometimes happemes to receive code401  Unauthorizedcode http error. When I retry executing immidiatly after this error, everything works ok. Now, to overcome this I added the following code immidiatly before codeDo something...codep  precodeif resp.status  401     conn  httplib.HTTPConnectionhost     auth  b64encodeadminpwd.decodeascii     head   Authorization  Basic s   auth      conn.requestGET, basichomewlan.htm, headers  head     resp  conn.getresponse codepre  pIn other terms Im repeating the connection negotiation if 401 occurs. In my opinion this is not so elegant to do this. strongCan someone give me a more acceptable solutionstrongp
Negative 325 pI have Oracle Application R12 running on 11g.p  pThe error occurs in strongAccounting Programstrong when we are running strongCreate Accountingstrong session in strongPayable Modulestrong. When we click on Diagnostics it gives this message p  blockquote   pThis request finished with an error and produced the following   completion message An internal error occurred.  Please inform your   system administrator or support representative thatp      pAn internal error has occurred in the program   xlaapaccthookspkg.main.  Technical problem  Error encountered in   product API for extracp      pThe processing began on 24MAR2015 091113   and ended on 24MAR2015 091216. You may find more information on   the cause of the error in the request log or the concurrent manager   log.p blockquote  pand if we click on View log it gives this p  blockquote   p Subledger Accounting Version  12.0.0p      pCopyright c 1979, 1999, Oracle Corporation. All rights reserved.p      pXLAACCUP module Accounting Program   p      pCurrent system time is 25MAR2015 110905p      pp      pstrongStartsstrong25MAR2015 110906   strongEndsstrong25MAR2015 111043 An internal error occurred.  Please inform your system administrator or support representative thatp      pAn internal error has occurred in the program   xlaapaccthookspkg.main.  Technical problem  Error encountered in   product API for extract An internal error occurred.  Please inform   your system administrator or support representative thatp      pAn internal error has occurred in the program   xlaapaccthookspkg.main.  Technical problem  Error encountered in   product API for extract    Start of log messages from FNDFILE    25MAR2015 112517  Executing Unit Processor ... 25MAR2015   112517  Initializing variables 25MAR2015 112517  Security   Context Set  25MAR2015 112517  Ready to cache the Application and   Ledger Level Sources ... 25MAR2015 112521  Cached the Application   and Ledger Level Sources 25MAR2015 112522  Entering the loop to   read document units from the queue ... 25MAR2015 112522  Checking   status of the parent Accounting Program 25MAR2015 112522    Dequeuing the unit from the queue 25MAR2015 112522  Fetching   event information for the documents in the unit 25MAR2015 112600    executing extract hook event key    527717113120761219A353A3BA70B9E05400144F2BF644 25MAR2015 112603    extract hook executed successfully    The following REVERSAL events could not be processed. The   eventprocess status is UU  Note this warning may be ignored for   any events whose ledger is a cashbasis ledger   NO SUCH EVENTS    25MAR2015 112640  executing postprocessing hook event key    527717113120761219A353A3BA70B9E05400144F2BF644 25MAR2015 112640    postprocessing hook executed successfully 25MAR2015 112640  Completing Journal Entries 25MAR2015 112641  Checking status of   the parent Accounting Program 25MAR2015 112641  Dequeuing the   unit from the queue 25MAR2015 112641  Fetching event information   for the documents in the unit 25MAR2015 112643  executing extract   hook event key  527717113120761219A353A3BB70B9E05400144F2BF644   25MAR2015 112647  extract hook executed successfully    The following REVERSAL events could not be processed. The   eventprocess status is UU  Note this warning may be ignored for   any events whose ledger is a cashbasis ledger   NO SUCH EVENTS    25MAR2015 112651  executing postprocessing hook event key    527717113120761219A353A3BB70B9E05400144F2BF644 25MAR2015 112651    postprocessing hook executed successfully 25MAR2015 112651  Completing Journal Entries 25MAR2015 112651  Checking status of   the parent Accounting Program 25MAR2015 112651  Dequeuing the   unit from the queue 25MAR2015 112651  Fetching event information   for the documents in the unit 25MAR2015 112652  executing extract   hook Technical problem  Error encountered in product API for extract    End of log messages from FNDFILE   p      p Executing request completion options...p      pFinished executing request completion options.p      p Concurrent request completed Current system time is 25MAR2015   111043p      pp blockquote  pScreenshots are in the attachment to get better idea p  pThanks in advance p  p[enter image description here][1]p
Negative 325 pWe are trying to start implementing automation for regression testing on our transaction based website. I successfully setup testng xml to open firefox, IE, and Chrome. And it will run the transaction class. In the setUP method with parameters it checks for browser and opens the correct browser for that thread. Then it is directed to the main method test which starts up the Login class before coming back to the transaction class to actually do the transaction test. The reason for this is to have an organized structure that only has one test in each class for debugging purposes. p  pWhen I run this test using a single user credential it runs fine and completes both tests. The problem is that our system allows a user to enter a transaction once every 10 seconds just one of our security features to avoid refreshing or multiple transaction submissions. Any way, what is the best way to go about using multiple user credentials I have tried multiple logic that I came up with but every time Firefox will use Username1 and both IE and Chrome will use either Username 2 or 3. p  pIn other wordsp  ul liFirefox  Username1li liChrome  Username2li liIE  Username2li ul  por p  ul liFirefox  Username1li liChrome  Username3li liIE  Username3li ul  pI came up with a couple successful solutions but I had to duplicate classes or code.p  pSo one solution was to create separate Login classes for each browser as well as separate Transaction classes for each browser. And in the testng I ran the proper classes for each browser. I think this is a bad solution although it works.p  pAnother solution I came up with was taking the login test method and putting it into each if statement in the parameters method of the Transaction class when it checks for each browser. Then each if statement would have its proper username. p  pBut I dont like this solution either because I would have to add this same code to all the future test classes that I will create if I am running a single test to check new code for a function being developed. Its just repeated code that I think should be in its own class. p  pHere is the Login and Transaction classes before converting to testng. Also, I have made an Environment class that contains the static variables like username and url.p  pP.S. I removed a bunch of test code not needed for this question.p  pExp  precodestatic              URL  httpswebsite.com             DEFAULTWAITTIME  60             SYSTEMID  IDnumber             USERNAME  Username1             PASSWORD  Password1      codepre  hr  precodeimport static org.junit.Assert.fail  import java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit  import org.junit.After import org.junit.Before import org.junit.Test import org.openqa.selenium. import org.openqa.selenium.firefox.FirefoxDriver import org.openqa.selenium.support.ui.ExpectedConditions import org.openqa.selenium.support.ui.WebDriverWait  public class Login      private WebDriver driver     private String baseURL     private StringBuffer verificationErrors  new StringBuffer          Before         public void setUp throws Exception              driver  new FirefoxDriver             baseURL  Environment.URL             driver.manage.timeouts.implicitlyWaitEnvironment.DEFAULTWAITTIME, TimeUnit.SECONDS                   public static void doLoginWebDriver driver, String baseURL              WebDriverWait wait  new WebDriverWaitdriver, Environment.DEFAULTWAITTIME             System.out.printlnLog in to trunk...             driver.getbaseURL              wait.untilExpectedConditions.presenceOfElementLocatedBy.idcompanyid             if driver.findElementBy.xpathdiv[spanLog In]span.isEnabled                  System.out.println    1  Login page is opened                else                      System.out.println    ERROR  Can NOT open Login page                     driver.findElementBy.idThis is to throw exception if Can NOT open Login page                              driver.findElementBy.idcompanyid.clear             driver.findElementBy.idcompanyid.sendKeysEnvironment.SYSTEMID             driver.findElementBy.xpathinput[nameusername].clear             driver.findElementBy.xpathinput[nameusername].sendKeysEnvironment.USERNAME             driver.findElementBy.idcpassword.clear             driver.findElementBy.idcpassword.sendKeysEnvironment.PASSWORD             System.out.println    2  Info filled              I removed the rest of the code that finishes the login because                       I dont think it is needed for demonstration                    Test         public void main              doLogindriver, baseURL                   After         public void tearDown throws Exception                  driver.quit                     String verificationErrorString  verificationErrors.toString                         if .equalsverificationErrorString                          failverificationErrorString                                    codepre  hr  precodeimport static org.junit.Assert.fail  import java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit  import org.junit.After import org.junit.Before import org.junit.Test import org.openqa.selenium.By import org.openqa.selenium.WebDriver import org.openqa.selenium.firefox.FirefoxDriver import org.openqa.selenium.ie.InternetExplorerDriver import org.openqa.selenium.support.ui.ExpectedConditions import org.openqa.selenium.support.ui.Select import org.openqa.selenium.support.ui.WebDriverWait  public class Transaction      private WebDriver driver     private String baseURL     private StringBuffer verificationErrors  new StringBuffer      public static String country  22     public static String ammount  500          Before         public void setUp throws Exception            System.setPropertywebdriver.ie.driver, ..IEDriverServer.exe           driver  new InternetExplorerDriver             driver  new FirefoxDriver             baseURL  Environment.URL              driver.manage.timeouts.implicitlyWaitEnvironment.DEFAULTWAITTIME, TimeUnit.SECONDS                   public static void doTransactionWebDriver driver              WebDriverWait wait  new WebDriverWaitdriver, Environment.DEFAULTWAITTIME             System.out.printlnPerforming transaction...            This is where the transaction code is ......                    Test         public void transaction          Login first                Login.doLogindriver, baseURL           Transaction               doTransactiondriver                   After         public void tearDown throws Exception                  driver.quit                     String verificationErrorString  verificationErrors.toString                         if .equalsverificationErrorString                          failverificationErrorString                                    codepre
Negative 325 pI have a prototyped function that i would like to use it in a limited scope in order to provide it with a jquery plugin.p  precodePrototype function StringBuilderstr      this.value  str  StringBuilder.prototype.append  function str      this.value  this.value  str     return this   jQuery plugin with Revealing module pattern jQuery.NameOfThePlugin  function       i would like to be able to use StringBuilder only in this scope     helloWorld  new StringBuilderHello     helloWorld.append World window codepre  pIs that possiblep  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI want to fetch an image from one bucketbucket1 and put it another bucket bucket2 I have written the below code snippet in python which I am trying,but I am getting the errorIOError cannot identify image file.Please help.Thanksp  precode conn  boto.connects3  filenameimage2.jpg  bucketconn.getbucketbucket1  key bucket.getkeyfilename  fp  open filename, w  key.getfile fp   img  cStringIO.StringIOfp.read im  Image.openimg  b  conn.getbucketbucket2 k  b.newkeyimage2.jpg k.setcontentsfromstringoutim2.getvalue codepre
Negative 325 pThis might be a bit of a raw question as in I havent got much to work with, but here it is anywaysp  pI have a website with news added regularly. I would like to create an app that notifies the user when a news story is added. Any idea how this can be achieved I dont have much server side programming experience.p  pI did a bit of searching around and found GCM for android and read through the setup process but it seems more for individual notifications rather than live updates because you need to use a registration ID and can only send to 1000 at once I will have over 50,000 users day oneAlso, what happens if two devices have the same registration ID. It is also somewhat complicated to understand, especially setting up the server side of it. I also found APN for iOS but it also seems similar and way too complicated to set up. I would love for someone to point me in the right direction.p  pOr a way to give live RSS updates will do as well because I have RSS set up.p  pI could check the RSS for any modifications at a set time interval but I want to avoid downloading the RSS feed repeatedly. I will have to do that if nothing else works...p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pIm downloading messages from IMAP with codeimaplibcode into a mbox with codemailboxcode modulep  precodeimport imaplib, mailbox svr  imaplib.IMAP4SSLimap.gmail.com svr.loginmynamegmail.com, mypaswword resp, [countstr]  svr.select[Gmail]All Mail, True  mbox  mailbox.mboxmails.mbox  for n in range...   resp, lst1  svr.fetchn, UID     the UID of the message   resp, lst2  svr.fetchn, RFC822    the message itself   mbox.addlst2[0][1]       add the downloaded message to the mbox       how to store the UID of this current mail inside mbox     codepre  pLets  download the mails with UID  code1 .. 1000code. Next time, I would like to begin at the 1001th message and not from the 1st. However, codemailbox.mboxcode strongdoes not store the codeUIDcode anywhrestrong. So next time I will open the mbox file, it will be impossible to know where we stopped.p  pstrongIs there a natural way with the module codemailboxcode to store the codeUIDcode of the emailsstrongp  pemOr maybe I dont use codemailboxcode  codeimaplibcode the way it should emp
Negative 325 pIm executing the following codeawkcode commandp  precodeegrep [09] etchosts  grep v 127.0.0.1           awk NR1ips1                  NRgt1ipsips ,  1                  2namenodenn1                  END printf optmaprserverconfigure.sh C s Z s N mycluster createuser D devxvdb, ips, nn codepre  pAnd returns the correct outputp  precodeoptmaprserverconfigure.sh C 10.224.43.50, 10.40.235.23 Z 10.40.235.23 N mycluster createuser D devxvdb codepre  pNow I get smarter and try to follow the patternp  precodeegrep [09] etchosts  grep v 127.0.0.1           awk NR1ips1                  NRgt1ipsips ,  1                  2namenodenn1                  END printf optmaprserverconfigure.sh C s Z s RM s HS s N mycluster createuser D devxvdb, ips, nn, nn, nn codepre  pThats it, I added two more entries with the same value of codenncode but I got nothing back. Why is thatp  pHeres a sample of codeetchostscodep  precoderootip104023523 cat etchosts 127.0.0.1 localhost   The following lines are desirable for IPv6 capable hosts 1 ip6localhost ip6loopback fe000 ip6localnet ff000 ip6mcastprefix ff021 ip6allnodes ff022 ip6allrouters ff023 ip6allhosts   vagranthostmanagerstart 10.224.43.50    dgnode dgnode.dg.local 10.40.235.23    namenode namenode.dg.local  vagranthostmanagerend codepre
Negative 325 pI am using pregmatchall to match some strings.p  pthis is my code p  precodepregmatchall[azAZ09,s.]Date From [09]2[09]2[09]4[, s][09]2[09]2[09]4sDivision Type [AZ ]m, string, match codepre  pthis is the outputp  pa hrefhttpsregex101.comrhE3iO21 relnofollowhttpsregex101.comrhE3iO21ap  pNow, I want to add a codecode to the first group to include the literal codecode in the capturing group and this happenp  pfrom this p  precode[azAZ09,s.] codepre  pto this p  precode[azAZ09,s.] codepre  pa hrefhttpsregex101.comrwM1rW71 relnofollowhttpsregex101.comrwM1rW71ap  pHow can I prevent this to happen when adding codecode to the groupp
Negative 325 pSince connection operation and scan operation are exclusive, and I want to have scan running in background. p  pSo when a connection request is needed, I follow blew operation flowp  pstop scan  connect to a device  device connected  start scanp  pI find the last step start scan API startLeScan always take 10 seconds, does anyone else have meet this problem before My platform is Android 4.4.4.p  pThanks.p  pThe code is simple, I wont copy it here, but the log printed is like thisp  blockquote   p0406 123054.391 EBleConnector26863 connecting to   DEFC54D74364p      p0406 123054.391 DBluetoothManager26863 getConnectionStatep      p0406 123054.391 DBluetoothManager26863 getConnectedDevicesp      p0406 123054.391 DBleConnector26863 Create a new GATT   connection.p      p0406 123054.391 DBluetoothGatt26863 connect  device   DEFC54D74364, auto falsep      p0406 123054.391 DBluetoothGatt26863 registerAppp      p0406 123054.391 DBluetoothGatt26863 registerApp    UUIDd71c4a5c310e4c12ae247a4e05a2aa95p      p0406 123054.391 DBluetoothGatt26863 onClientRegistered    status0 clientIf5p      p0406 123054.441 DBluetoothGatt26863 onClientConnectionState    status0 clientIf5 deviceDEFC54D74364p      p0406 123054.441 IBleConnector26863 onConnectionStateChange   DEFC54D74364 2 status 0p      p0406 123054.441 EBleConnector26863 setNewState to CONNECTEDp      p0406 123054.441 DBluetoothGatt26863 discoverServices    device DEFC54D74364p      p0406 123054.441 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetService    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID0000180000001000800000805f9b34fbp      p0406 123054.441 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetService    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID0000180100001000800000805f9b34fbp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetService    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID0000880060b221f8bce394eea697f98cp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetCharacteristic    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID00002a0000001000800000805f9b34fbp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetCharacteristic    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID00002a0100001000800000805f9b34fbp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetCharacteristic    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID00002a0400001000800000805f9b34fbp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetCharacteristic    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID0000880160b221f8bce394eea697f98cp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetCharacteristic    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID0000880260b221f8bce394eea697f98cp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetCharacteristic    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID0000880360b221f8bce394eea697f98cp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetCharacteristic    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID0000880460b221f8bce394eea697f98cp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetDescriptor    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID0000290200001000800000805f9b34fbp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onGetDescriptor    DeviceDEFC54D74364 UUID0000290200001000800000805f9b34fbp      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothGatt26863 onSearchComplete    DeviceDEFC54D74364 Status0p      p0406 123054.451 DBluetoothAdapter26863 startLeScan nullp      p0406 123104.461 DBluetoothAdapter26863 onClientRegistered    status0 clientIf7p blockquote
Negative 325 pIm using Scala 2.11.5 and Play Framework 2.3.8. I have tried couple of ways to make authorization by facebook so far. None of them worked for me. I also asked question about the my issues. Unfortunately didnt get much helpful response until now.   p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions29363453howtogetsecuresociallibraryforplayframworkplay238Tried way 1a  p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions28943227howplayframeworkscalafacebookorothersocialmediaauthorizationTried way 2a p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions28981303facebookjavascriptsdkbasicloginorinitializationerrorTried way 3a p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions28986799whyfacebookjavascriptsdkinitializationerrorTried way 4ap  pIm completely frustrated at this point. Thus I would like to know is there any way to authorize user and fetch basic user information such as name, email, etc. Please let me know how to do it or is it possible at all Thanks in advance      p
Negative 325 pI have a application which I have previously been using multiple tabs. I have since changed the application and now only need a single panel. My issue is I cant seem to figure out how I get rid of the redundant tabs and revert to a single panel. Removing the codeself.tabbedcode in line 12 and 13 just result in a very odd looking panel, everything squashed to the corner. Below is the current tabbed code, I have removed lots of irrelevant code  classes, etc. What would be the most efficient way without effecting too much codep  pUPDATE 1p  pI have updated the below code, so it now runs.p  precodeimport wx import wx.lib.agw.aui as aui import wx.stc as stc import os import platform import time systemType  platform.system if systemType  Windows     import win32wnet  class MainWindowwx.Frame     def initself, parent, id, title          runparams           self.runparams  runparams           OS dependent info         self.runparams[systemType]  systemType         if systemType  Windows             self.runparams[fontSize]  8             self.runparams[fontSize2]  7         else             self.runparams[fontSize]  10             self.runparams[fontSize2]  9          wx.Frame.initself, parent, id, title, size900, 710, stylewx.DEFAULTFRAMESTYLE amp  wx.RESIZEBORDER                                                   wx.RESIZEBOX                                                   wx.MAXIMIZEBOX          style  aui.AUINBDEFAULTSTYLE  aui.AUINBCLOSEONACTIVETAB         self.tabbed  aui.AuiNotebookself, agwStylestyle         self.submissions  SubmissionPaneself.tabbed, self, runparams          self.CreateStatusBar         self.tabbed.AddPageself.submissions, TAB1         menuBar  wx.MenuBar          self.Centre         self.Show  class SubmissionPanewx.Panel     def initself, parent, frame, runparams         wx.Panel.initself, parent          self.parent  parent         self.selectedfolders  None         self.params  runparams         self.frame  frame          mainsizer  wx.BoxSizerwx.VERTICAL         self.toprowsizer  wx.BoxSizerwx.HORIZONTAL         radiostaticbox  wx.StaticBoxself, labelSome Text         radiostaticboxsizer  wx.StaticBoxSizerradiostaticbox, wx.HORIZONTAL          jobstaticbox  wx.StaticBoxself, labelSome Text         jobstaticboxsizer  wx.StaticBoxSizerjobstaticbox, wx.HORIZONTAL                   radiolabels  [Some Text, Some Text2]         self.radiobox  wx.RadioBox                 self, 1, ,                  choicesradiolabels,                           self.radio1  wx.RadioButtonself, labelSome Text, stylewx.RBGROUP         self.radio2  wx.RadioButtonself, labelSome Text         self.radio1.SetValueTrue          radiostaticboxsizer.Addself.radio1, flagwx.BOTTOM, border0         radiostaticboxsizer.Addself.radio2, flagwx.LEFT, border10         self.toprowsizer.Addradiostaticboxsizer, flagwx.LEFT, border10          self.checkbox  wx.CheckBoxself, labelSome Text         self.checkbox.SetValueFalse          if self.params[systemType]  Windows             self.txtTitle  wx.TextCtrlself, stylewx.SUNKENBORDER, valueSome Text..., size200, 1, pos306, 14         else             self.txtTitle  wx.TextCtrlself, stylewx.SUNKENBORDER, valueSome Text..., size200, 1, pos350, 19          jobstaticboxsizer.Addself.checkbox, flagwx.LEFT, border0          self.toprowsizer.Addjobstaticboxsizer, flagwx.LEFT, border10         self.txtTitle.ShowFalse          mainsizer.Addself.toprowsizer         mainsizer.Add1, 10          jobstaticbox2  wx.StaticBoxself, labelSome Text          thirdrowsizer  wx.StaticBoxSizerjobstaticbox2, wx.HORIZONTAL         self.tcfiles  wx.TextCtrlself, size375, 25         self.buttonGo  wx.Buttonself, labelGo         self.buttonGo.Bindwx.EVTBUTTON, self.OnSubmit         thirdrowsizer.Addself.tcfiles, flagwx.RIGHT, border8          if self.params[systemType]  Windows             thirdrowsizer.Addself.buttonGo, flagwx.LEFT  wx.TOP, border0         else             thirdrowsizer.Addself.buttonGo, flagwx.LEFT  wx.TOP, border2          mainsizer.Addthirdrowsizer, flagwx.LEFT, border10          self.logtext22  wx.ListCtrlself,size875,275,                          stylewx.LCREPORT  wx.BORDERSUNKEN  wx.LCSINGLESEL  wx.LCVRULES  wx.LCHRULES          font  wx.Fontself.params[fontSize2], wx.FONTFAMILYDEFAULT, wx.FONTSTYLENORMAL, wx.FONTWEIGHTNORMAL         self.logtext22.SetFontfont          self.logtext22.InsertColumn1, 1, width40, formatwx.LISTFORMATCENTRE         self.logtext22.InsertColumn2, 2, width50, formatwx.LISTFORMATCENTRE         self.logtext22.InsertColumn3, 3, width156         self.logtext22.InsertColumn4, 4, width332         self.logtext22.InsertColumn5, 5, width100, formatwx.LISTFORMATCENTRE         self.logtext22.InsertColumn6, 6, width82, formatwx.LISTFORMATCENTRE         self.logtext22.InsertColumn7, 7, width60, formatwx.LISTFORMATCENTRE         self.logtext22.InsertColumn8, 8, width50, formatwx.LISTFORMATCENTRE          mainsizer.Add1, 10         listsizer  wx.BoxSizerwx.VERTICAL         listsizer.Addself.logtext22, flagwx.LEFT, border10         mainsizer.Addlistsizer          self.runninglog1  wx.stc.StyledTextCtrlself, 1, size875,175         self.runninglog1.StyleSetFontwx.stc.STCSTYLEDEFAULT, font         self.runninglog1.SetMarginWidth1, 0         self.runninglog1.StyleSetBackgroundwx.stc.STCSTYLEDEFAULT, 0,0,0         self.runninglog1.StyleSetForegroundwx.stc.STCSTYLEDEFAULT, 0,255,0         self.runninglog1.StyleClearAll          mainsizer.Add1, 5         listsizer  wx.BoxSizerwx.VERTICAL         listsizer.Addself.runninglog1, flagwx.LEFT, border10         mainsizer.Addlistsizer          listsizer.Add1, 10         self.buttonClose  wx.Buttonself, 1, Quit         listsizer.Addself.buttonClose, flagwx.ALIGNCENTER  wx.TOP  wx.LEFT, border10          self.SetBackgroundColourLight Grey          self.SetSizermainsizer          self.Show      def OnSubmitself, event         msg  Running         jobSubmitmsg  wx.BusyInfomsg, self         time.sleep3         jobSubmitmsg  None  app  wx.AppredirectFalse MainWindowNone, 1, Application app.MainLoop codepre  pUPDATE 2p  pThe below answer works very well. Cheers.p
Negative 325 pI am using classic asp to import data into a MySQL database, however Im running into a bit of trouble, even though the fields exist in the CSV file my code returns the values as NULLp  pAs I want to open the CSV file as a recordset I first have to grab the remote csv file, then save a copy locally and create a schema.ini file, then open the file using an ADODB connection, then I want to move through the records grabbing the information and manipulating it before writing it into my database.p  pSo I first grab the file using MSXML2.ServerXMLHTTP like sop  precodesImportURL  httpsomewebsitesomecsvfile.csv Set objXMLHTTP  CreateObjectMSXML2.ServerXMLHTTP objXMLHTTP.Open GET, sImportURL, False objXMLHTTP.setRequestHeader UserAgent, Request.ServerVariablesHTTPHOST objXMLHTTP.Send  sResponse  splitobjXMLHTTP.responseText, vbcrlf Set objXMLHTTP  Nothing codepre  psResponse is an array that has been set up, each line of the file is then added into the array using split. So far so goodp  pNow I use FSO to loop through the array and create a CSV file locally and also create a schema file for itp  precodeSet fsoImport  CreateObjectScripting.FileSystemObject sFolder  Server.MapPathTempImport If Not fsoImport.FolderExistssFolder Then sFSO.CreateFoldersFolder  sFileName  Server.MapPathTempImportImport.csv If fsoImport.FileExistssFileName Then fsoImport.DeleteFilesFileName Set sImportFile  fsoImport.CreateTextFilesFileName, ForWriting, True For i  0 to uBoundsResponse     sImportFile.Writeline sResponsei Next sImportFile.Close Set sImportFile  Nothing  sFileName  Server.MapPathTempImportschema.ini If fsoImport.FileExistssFileName Then fsoImport.DeleteFilesFileName Set sSchemaFile  fsoImport.CreateTextFilesFileName, false sSchemaFile.WriteLine[Import.csv] sSchemaFile.WriteLineColNameHeaderTrue sSchemaFile.WriteLineFormatCSVDelimited sSchemaFile.WriteLineCol1SKU Text sSchemaFile.WriteLineCol2Quantity Double codepre  pThis also works successfully and the csv file looks like thisp  precodeSKU,Quantity TEK,0 KDL60LX903,3 BICBIRO,88 WB001,10 codepre  pNow I open the file I have just created using an ADODB connection like sop  precodeSet adoOpen  Server.CreateObjectADODB.Connection adoOpen.ConnectionString  DriverMicrosoft Text Driver .txt .csvDBQTempImportExtensionsasc,csv,tab,txtHDRNOPersist Security InfoFalse adoOpen.Open sSQL  SELECT  FROM Import.csv Set rsOpenRS  Server.CreateObjectADODB.Recordset rsOpenRS.Open sSQL, adoOpen Do While Not rsOpenRS.EOF     sField  SKU     sValue  rsOpenRSsField     Response.Write sField amp    amp sValue amp ltbr gt     sField  Quantity     sValue  rsOpenRSsField     Response.Write sField amp    amp sValue amp ltbr gt     rsOpenRS.MoveNext Loop rsOpenRS.Close Set rsOpenRS  nothing Set adoOpen  nothing codepre  pNow even though my CSV file has data in it all that gets written to the screen isp  precodeSKU  Quantity   SKU   Quantity   SKU   Quantity  SKU   Quantity  SKU   Quantity  SKU   Quantity  SKU   Quantity  SKU   Quantity  SKU   Quantity  SKU   Quantity  codepre  pNotice that there are 10 sets of results and only 5 lines in the CSV file including the header, Im not really sure what is happening, does anybody have any cluep  pCheersp
Negative 325 pIm having trouble deciding what kind of Doctrine inheritance is right for my project. brbrThe goal is for a Virtual Machine VM to have multiple softwares PHP, MySQL and so on ....brEach of these softwares have a distinct class, and some fields in common. I first tried putting in the VM class a relation to each software class, and it worked beautifuly  brp  precode  Class VM  class VM      var AppBundleEntityMySQL     ORMManyToOnetargetEntityAppBundleEntityMySQL, cascadepersist     private mysql     var AppBundleEntityPHP     ORMManyToOnetargetEntityAppBundleEntityPHP, cascadepersist     private php  ... and other softwares, always the same  codepre  pBut now I want to use an abstract class Software, from which all my software will inherit, and have in my VM class only a software attribute. This way it will be easier in the future to add a new software class, inheriting from Software. brMy abstract class Software linked to a Virtual Machine VM classbrp  precode  Class Software  abstract class Software      var integer     ORMColumnnameid, typeinteger   ORMId   ORMGeneratedValuestrategyAUTO    private id    var string     ORMColumnnameversion, typestring, length255, nullabletrue   private version    ORMManyToOnetargetEntityAppBundleEntityVM  private VM  codepre  pbrI tried to put a codeORMSuperMappedClasscode annotation on my Software class, but then I didnt find a way to access children classes. Is this the best doctrine inheritance for this particular case  Would concrete table inheritance be a better choice  I dont even know if concrete inheritance is possible since it is not detailed in the doc.p
Negative 325 pThe code is double rendering like sop  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLR4YY.png altenter image description herep  pwhen it should just list it out once like sop  precodeRan 1 miles Apr  Journal 1 days Apr codepre  pstrongviewslayoutsstats.html.erbstrongp  precodelt averagedquantifieds.each do averaged gt lt averaged.results.each do result gt   ltdiv classlt result.good  green  red gtgt     ltligt       lt raw averaged.taglist.map  t linkto t.titleize, tagpatht .join,  gtlt linkto editquantifiedpathaveraged do gt lt averaged.results.first.resultvalue gt lt averaged.metric gt ltspan classlt datevaluelabelclassresult gtgt lt averaged.results.first.datevalue.strftimeb gtltspangtlt end gt     ltligt   ltdivgt lt end gt lt end gt codepre  pstrongapplicationcontrollerstrongp  precodedef setstats   averagedquantifieds  currentuser.quantifieds.averaged if currentuser   instancequantifieds  currentuser.quantifieds.instance if currentuser end codepre  pResults are a nestedattribute to Quantifieds.p  pstrongquantifiedscontrollerstrongp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeclass QuantifiedsController lt ApplicationController   beforeaction setquantified, only [show, edit, update, destroy]   beforeaction loggedinuser, only [create, destroy]    def index     if params[tag]       quantifieds  Quantified.taggedwithparams[tag]     else       quantifieds  Quantified.joinsresults.all       averagedquantifieds  currentuser.quantifieds.averaged       instancequantifieds  currentuser.quantifieds.instance     end   end    def show   end    def new     quantified  currentuser.quantifieds.build    end    def edit   end    def create     quantified  currentuser.quantifieds.buildquantifiedparams     if quantified.save       redirectto quantifiedsurl, notice Quantified was successfully created     else       feeditems  []       render pageshome   end end    def update     if quantified.updatequantifiedparams       redirectto quantifiedsurl, notice Goal was successfully updated     else       render action edit   end end    def destroy     quantified.destroy     redirectto quantifiedsurl   end    private     def setquantified       quantified  Quantified.findparams[id]     end      def correctuser       quantified  currentuser.quantifieds.findbyid params[id]       redirectto quantifiedspath, notice Not authorized to edit this goal if quantified.nil     end      def quantifiedparams       params.requirequantified.permitcategories, metric, date, comment, privatesubmit, taglist, resultsattributes [id, resultvalue, datevalue, good, destroy]     end endcodepre div div p  pstrongquantified.rbstrongp  precode    class Quantified lt ActiveRecordBase         belongsto user         hasmany results correct         hasmany comments, as commentable         acceptsnestedattributesfor results, rejectif gt allblank, allowdestroy gt true correct         scope averaged,  gt  wherecategories Averaged          scope instance,  gt  wherecategories Instance          scope privatesubmit, gt  whereprivatesubmit true          scope publicsubmit, gt  whereprivatesubmit false          validates categories, metric, presence true         actsastaggable          CATEGORIES  [Averaged, Instance]     end codepre  pstrongresult.rbstrongp  precode    class Result lt ActiveRecordBase         belongsto user       belongsto quantified         hasmany comments, as commentable       defaultscope  orderdatevalue DESC          scope good, gt  wheregood true          scope goodcount, gt  good.count      end codepre  pThe issue came about when trying to introduce differing font colors for results. To make that possible I had to introduce these two lines which are causing the double rendering codelt averaged.results.each do result gt ltdiv classlt result.good  green  red gtgtcodep  pThank you for your time and expertise.p
Negative 325 pAs the title suggests, Im trying to import emails from a gmail account and its working rather well, but I seem to have a problem in my code where the content of the message appears twice in my output.p  pheres my code p  precodeprivate String processMessageMessage m throws IOException, MessagingException          String message           StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder          Object o  m.getContent          if o instanceof Multipart              Multipart mm  Multipart m.getContent             for int i  0 i lt mm.getCount i                   BodyPart bp  mm.getBodyParti                 Object bpo  bp.getContent                  if bpo instanceof String                      sb.appendbpo                                         else if o instanceof String              sb.appendo                  String htmlMessage  sb.toString         message  htmlMessage.replaceAlllt.gt,           return message      codepre  pThis will return a nice formatted String containing the original text, but there will also be the complete message contained in a single line at the end of the String for some reason.p  pSay for the received message br emailbr messagebr testbrp  pthe output will be br email br message br textbr br emailmessagetextp  pIm guessing part of the multipart is a condensed version of the message content, but how can I avoid having this in the outputp  pP.S, if its relevant, Im getting the message by connecting to gmail via IMAP and then extracting all emails from a folder before processing them one by one.p  precodefolder.openIMAPFolder.READONLY messages  folder.getMessages codepre
Negative 325 pI have the Java application that can create a PDF file. So for example, I create a simple file from my program, I have build the code to open also the file. So I create the file, I see it and then it is ok. If I want to modify that file, I must close this file then recreate it, if I dont close the file I have this errorp  precodejava.io.FileNotFoundException ArchivioEtichette1242015.pdf Impossibile accedere al file. Il file  utilizzato da un altro processo     at java.io.FileOutputStream.openNative Method     at java.io.FileOutputStream.ltinitgtFileOutputStream.java221     at java.io.FileOutputStream.ltinitgtFileOutputStream.java171     at com.mcsolution.easyMgmt.print.pdf.FoglioFattura.stampaEtichetteFoglioFattura.java2215     at Etichette.PanelBigliettiAdesivi.stampaEtichettePanelBigliettiAdesivi.java242     at Etichette.PanelBigliettiAdesivi1.actionPerformedPanelBigliettiAdesivi.java273     at javax.swing.AbstractButton.fireActionPerformedAbstractButton.java2018     at javax.swing.AbstractButtonHandler.actionPerformedAbstractButton.java2341     at javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.fireActionPerformedDefaultButtonModel.java402     at javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.setPressedDefaultButtonModel.java259     at javax.swing.plaf.basic.BasicButtonListener.mouseReleasedBasicButtonListener.java252     at java.awt.AWTEventMulticaster.mouseReleasedAWTEventMulticaster.java289     at java.awt.AWTEventMulticaster.mouseReleasedAWTEventMulticaster.java289     at java.awt.Component.processMouseEventComponent.java6516     at javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEventJComponent.java3320     at java.awt.Component.processEventComponent.java6281     at java.awt.Container.processEventContainer.java2229     at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImplComponent.java4872     at java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplContainer.java2287     at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventComponent.java4698     at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEventContainer.java4832     at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEventContainer.java4492     at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEventContainer.java4422     at java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplContainer.java2273     at java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImplWindow.java2719     at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventComponent.java4698     at java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImplEventQueue.java735     at java.awt.EventQueue.access200EventQueue.java103     at java.awt.EventQueue3.runEventQueue.java694     at java.awt.EventQueue3.runEventQueue.java692     at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method     at java.security.ProtectionDomain1.doIntersectionPrivilegeProtectionDomain.java76     at java.security.ProtectionDomain1.doIntersectionPrivilegeProtectionDomain.java87     at java.awt.EventQueue4.runEventQueue.java708     at java.awt.EventQueue4.runEventQueue.java706     at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method     at java.security.ProtectionDomain1.doIntersectionPrivilegeProtectionDomain.java76     at java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventEventQueue.java705     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFiltersEventDispatchThread.java242     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilterEventDispatchThread.java161     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchyEventDispatchThread.java150     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsEventDispatchThread.java146     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsEventDispatchThread.java138     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.runEventDispatchThread.java91 codepre  pThis is the code that I used to create PDF p  precodepublic static void stampaEtichetteString percorsoOperazione,              ListltArticoligtlistaArticoli,             Integer numeroCella,boolean aprirethrows DocumentException      String folderName  DateUtil.getDataGiornaliera     percorsoOperazione  new StringBuilder.appendpercorsoOperazione.appendfolderName.append.pdf.toString     File f  new FilepercorsoOperazione     try           OutputStream os  new FileOutputStreamf         Document doc  new DocumentPageSize.A4, 74F, 74F, 0F, 0F         PdfWriter docWriter  PdfWriter.getInstancedoc, os           String testo  Anagrafica Clienti         doc.open         float[] ciccio  25f,25f,25f,25f         PdfPTable table  new PdfPTableciccio         table.setSpacingAfter0f         table.setSpacingBefore0f          PdfContentByte cb  docWriter.getDirectContent         ifnumeroCellanull             forint i1 ilt numeroCellai                 Paragraph Descrizione  new Paragraph, FontFactory.getFontCentury Gothic, 7F, Font.BOLD                 Paragraph Costo  new Paragraph, FontFactory.getFontCentury Gothic, 10F, Font.BOLD                  PdfPCell cell  new PdfPCell                 cell.setVerticalAlignment5                 cell.setHorizontalAlignment1                 cell.setColspan1                 cell.setFixedHeight84.1F                  cell.setBorderWidth0.0F                 cell.setPadding0F                  Descrizione.setAlignment1                 cell.addElementDescrizione                  Costo.setAlignment1                 cell.addElementCosto                  table.addCellcell                                 doc.addtable         doc.close         os.close       catch FileNotFoundException e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace          catchIOException exp              exp.printStackTrace          catchDocumentException exp2              exp2.printStackTrace           ifaprire              ifDesktop.isDesktopSupported                      try                              Desktop.getDesktop.openf.getCanonicalFile                          catchIOException ex                              JOptionPane.showMessageDialognull, ex.getMessage                       else                      JOptionPane.showMessageDialognull, Non  stato trovato un software per aprire i file PDF., Errore, 0                      return pathimg  fine stampa etichette codepre  pThe error is on this linep  precodeOutputStream os  new FileOutputStreamf codepre  pHow can I fixed itp
Negative 325 pIs there a way I could delete certain folders after x amount of days of inactivity i was thinking of using Crontab but that wouldnt take the inactivity part into consideration. are there any Debian Software out there that would do it or is there a Linux Command that i am not aware ofp  pIve tried researching for something out there that could, but have had no luck.p  pany amount of help would be greatly appreciated.p  palso, Im running Debian Wheezy at the moment.p  pthanksp
Negative 325 pI have an AngularJS application that uses Bootstrap v3 for styling. I want to disable the Bootstrap form validation in one of my forms, which automatically gives my input field a green or red glow when a user types in content or leaves the input field empty, respectively.p  pIs there a way to do this using an HTMLCSSJavaScript override I do not want to edit the original Bootstrap files, nor do I want to use jQuery.p  pNote I read that you can achieve this using jQuery with codeform.databootstrapValidator.enableFieldValidatorsinput, falsecode, but as I mentioned I do not want to use jQuery.p  pThank you.p
Negative 325 pSo I have problem listed in title.p  pI want to use just codegit push u origin mastercode.p  pBut if this command typed Im gettingp  precodeerror src refspec master does not match any. error failed to push some refs to httpsgithub.commyprofilemyproject.git codepre  pI did a search on this problema hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10568641giterrorsrcrefspecmasterdoesnotmatchanygit error src refspec master does not match anya, a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4181861srcrefspecmasterdoesnotmatchanywhenpushingcommitsingitsrc refspec master does not match any when pushing commits in gita  but solutions didnt help in my case.p  pSeems like I just forget to do some initial commit to original remote branch and instead created another branch which then was used.p  pThis is output from codegit lsremotecodep  precode git lsremote From httpsgithub.commyprofilemyproject.git 152e795f054f6f756842bf61ee968ba3e5ee873d        HEAD 7d505dbf09585ecfbb239c2148337043b899cc13        refsheadsaddmysqlrepo 152e795f054f6f756842bf61ee968ba3e5ee873d        refsheadsbreakintomodules e7905a3dacc9ea3e6c4c1f2dd9412f8deb692e30        refsheadsmaster codepre  pThis is github graphs network window img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQ6oer.jpg altmyproject branches p  pSo to sum up  what should I do to properly use codegit push u origin mastercode instead codegit push u origin originmastercode p  pstrongEDITstrongp  p git branch avvp  precode  addmysqlrepo        7d505db add mysql case to switch   breakintomodules    152e795 add gitignore  origin                e7905a3 [originmaster] add methods for entities validation   remotesoriginmaster e7905a3 add methods for entities validation codepre  p git remote vp  precodeorigin  httpsgithub.commyprofilemyproject.git fetch origin  httpsgithub.commyprofilemyproject.git push codepre
Negative 325 pIm building a tool to be used inhouse for installation purposes.p  pIts purpose is to get settings from an xml file such as Authentication and apply it on IIS.p  pIs there a way to check if the Authentication is currently set to formsp  pCouldnt find a way to achieve it, just many examples which sets the corresponding XML nodes in the configuration files to enable authentication of the desired type.p  pAny answer would be appreciated.p
Negative 325 pHaving a table like thisp  precodeTable statuses ID   status  777  1 675  1 651  0 611  1 600  0 554  1 443  0 323  0 222  1 112  1 codepre  pHow to select only the rows, where two or more statuses in the row are 0 in the sample case only 443, 323, and group them by the first ID in series.p  pSo the output would bep  precodeID   status  group  443  0       443 323  0       443 codepre
Negative 325 pIve read most of the other questions on nonAbstract classes with abstract methods and I dont think I understood any of it. So heres my problemp  pIm attempting to make a metronome, for the metronome to click and play sound I copied the code from a hrefhttpwww.cs.cmu.eduillahCLASSDOCSjavasound.pdf relnofollowhttpwww.cs.cmu.eduillahCLASSDOCSjavasound.pdfa .p  pThe code below is a super basic program that creates a JFrame, JPanel, and JButtton. When the Button ClickForSound is clicked, it should play the sound.p  precodeimport java.net. import java.awt. import java.awt.event. import javax.swing. import java.util. import java.applet.  class PlsWork implements ActionListener  JPanel JPanelThing  new JPanel   public PlsWork    make frame to hold everything   JFrame Frame4HoldinSheit  new JFrameSound Player    set up frame   Frame4HoldinSheit.setLayoutnew FlowLayout   Frame4HoldinSheit.setSize300, 300   Frame4HoldinSheit.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE     make button for playing sound   JButton ClickForSound  new JButtonClick Me   ClickForSound.addActionListenerthis    add button to panel, then panel to frame   Frame4HoldinSheit.addJPanelThing   JPanelThing.addClickForSound     public void actionPreformedActionEvent ae    if button is pressed   ifae.getActionCommand.equalsClick Me     try          make a AudioClip          AudioClip MetSound  Applet.newAudioClip             Using this file FOUND HERE             new  URL CUsersjheld7499desktop4d.wav              MetSound.play      catch java.net.MalformedURLException murle          ya done goofed on where u thought the file was         System.out.printlnMalformed URL Exception         public static void mainString args[]   SwingUtilities.invokeLaternew Runnable  public void run        run the program       new PlsWork     codepre  pThe error I get is that Class PlsWork is not abstract and thus does not override abstract method PlsWorkp  precodesound.java8 error PlsWork is not abstract and does not override  abstract method actionPerformedActionEvent in ActionListener class PlsWork implements ActionListener  1 error codepre  pAlso PLEASE talk to me like an idiot as I have almost no understanding of what abstract means or how to make a method abstract, if I want anything to be abstract or anything else.p
Negative 325 pI cant figure out how to get current instance in class.p  precodeclass Basicobject     def initself, val         self.val  val      def currentinsself          codepre  pIs there any way to fetch current instance with codevalcode in python Thanks.p
Negative 325 pIm working in Unix and Im trying to write a .c file that will do the following p  pFor each command line argument the main process will launch a subprocess type A.p  pThe A process will try to execute, in a new subprocess type B, using one of the exec functions, the received argument.p  pIn case of failure, the process of type A, will send to his parent, using a pipe channel, the error code errno value generated by the exec call.p  pOn success, the process A, will wait for process of type B and once finished it will transmit to his parent the zero code, using the same pipe channel.p  pThe main process will print for each argument if the execution was successful or not. Only for failed executions the error received code will be printed too.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltunistd.hgt include lterrno.hgt  int mainint argc, char const argv[]          int c2p[2], g2c[2]         int i         char n[100]         int stat         for i  0 i lt argc i                   pipec2p                 pipeg2c                 if fork  0                          child code                         if fork  0                                  grandchild code                                 if execlpargv[i], argv[i], NULL  1                                          writeg2c[1], errno, sizeofint                                  else                                          writeg2c[1], 0, sizeofint                                                                                   wait0                         readg2c[0], n, 10                         writec2p[1], n, 10                         exit0                                  readc2p[0], ampstat, sizeofint                 if stat 0                          printfNot succsesful s  dn, argv[i], stat                  else                          printfSucces sn, argv[i]                                    return 0  codepre
Negative 325 pI have a HTML form which strongchanges its form action based on the drop down selectionstrong but input name remains same. p  pHere is my HTMLp  precodeltform actioncar.php methodGETgt Select Your Option  ltselect onChangethis.form.actionthis.options[this.selectedIndex].valuegt       ltoption valuecar.phpgtCar Nameltoptiongt       ltoption valuebike.phpgtBike Nameltoptiongt       ltoption valuelaptop.phpgtLaptop Nameltoptiongt       ltoption valueplace.phpgtPlace Nameltoptiongt       ltoption valuemobile.phpgtMobile Nameltoptiongt     ltselectgt Enter your query                  I want to change this also ltinput idValue nameValue typetextgt ltbutton idsubmit typesubmit valueSubmitgtSubmit Queryltbuttongt codepre  pIf I select codeCar Namecode and enter codeMaruticode then value is passed like thisp  precodehttpwww.mywebsite.comcar.phpValueMaruti codepre  pIf I select codeBike Namecode and enter codeHondacode then value is passed like this p  precodehttpwww.mywebsite.combike.phpValueHonda codepre  hr  pMy problem is I have to name the column as Value in all the 5 database which stores all the information regarding all this, which I want to avoid.p  pI want, If I select codeCar Namecode and enter codeMaruticode then value should pass like this p  precodehttpwww.mywebsite.comcar.phpcarMaruti codepre  pIf I select codeBike Namecode and enter codeHondacode then value should pass like this p  precodehttpwww.mywebsite.combike.phpbikeHonda codepre  hr  pWhat changes should be made in the code to achieve this goalp  pIf this can also happen then its very nice otherwise no problem.p  pIn the form it is written codeEnter your querycode. I want the same change to happen here. If I select Car Name then it should be codeEnter you carcode. If I select Bike Name then it should be codeEnter your bikecode... and so on.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pLittle modification I need. When selecting car, the input name is changing to car, the form action is changing to car.php and query to Enter your car. But If I want to change the name like this then what should I do When I will select anything say bike then form action will be changed to bike.php, But I want input name to be different say USY and Enter your bike to Enter your Serial No. What should I do p
Negative 325 pGetting an exception when deploying the code.I tried with many possibilities but couldnt resolve this issue. Is this happening because of maven dependencies Some one can help me to get out of from this issue.p  precode    org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoader  Context initialization failed         org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException Error creating bean with name configurationStatusLogDAOImpl Injection of autowired dependencies failed nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException Could not autowire field private org.hibernate.SessionFactory com.vmware.vrack.vrm.core.configuration.dao.ConfigurationStatusLogDAOImpl.sessionFactory nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException Error creating bean with name sessionFactory defined in class path resource [vrmpostgrecontext.xml] Invocation of init method failed nested exception is java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError orghibernateutilDTDEntityResolver           org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.postProcessPropertyValuesAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java292 [springbeans4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.populateBeanAbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java1185 [springbeans4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.doCreateBeanAbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java537 [springbeans4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.createBeanAbstractAutowireCapableBeanFactory.java475 [springbeans4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory1.getObjectAbstractBeanFactory.java304 [springbeans4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.getSingletonDefaultSingletonBeanRegistry.java228 [springbeans4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.doGetBeanAbstractBeanFactory.java300 [springbeans4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.AbstractBeanFactory.getBeanAbstractBeanFactory.java195 [springbeans4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.beans.factory.support.DefaultListableBeanFactory.preInstantiateSingletonsDefaultListableBeanFactory.java700 [springbeans4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.finishBeanFactoryInitializationAbstractApplicationContext.java760 [springcontext4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.context.support.AbstractApplicationContext.refreshAbstractApplicationContext.java482 [springcontext4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoader.configureAndRefreshWebApplicationContextContextLoader.java403 [springweb4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoader.initWebApplicationContextContextLoader.java306 [springweb4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListener.contextInitializedContextLoaderListener.java106 [springweb4.0.1.RELEASE.jar4.0.1.RELEASE]         at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContext.listenerStartStandardContext.java5016 [catalina.jar7.0.61]         at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContext.startInternalStandardContext.java5528 [catalina.jar7.0.61]         at org.apache.catalina.util.LifecycleBase.startLifecycleBase.java150 [catalina.jar7.0.61]         at org.apache.catalina.core.ContainerBaseStartChild.callContainerBase.java1575 [catalina.jar7.0.61]         at org.apache.catalina.core.ContainerBaseStartChild.callContainerBase.java1565 [catalina.jar7.0.61]         at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runFutureTask.java262 [na1.7.067]         at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1145 [na1.7.067]         at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java615 [na1.7.067] codepre  pBelow code is context.xml file which this error says,p  precode   ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltbeans profiledefault        xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans        xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance        xmlnstxhttpwww.springframework.orgschematx        xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans  httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans.xsd                          httpwww.springframework.orgschematx httpwww.springframework.orgschematxspringtx.xsdgt      lttxannotationdriven transactionmanagertransactionManager gt     ltbean idsessionFactory           classorg.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBeangt         ltproperty namedataSourcegt             ltref beandataSource gt         ltpropertygt         ltproperty namepackagesToScangt             ltlistgt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.security.auth.entityltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.security.audit.entityltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.core.property.entityltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.core.configuration.entityltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.core.vcenter.entityltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.core.physicalltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.prm..ltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.eventltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.core.bundlemgmtltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.core.pscltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.lcm.entityltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.security.password.entityltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.pmm.entityltvaluegt                 ltvaluegtcom.vmware.vrack.vrm.security.profile.entityltvaluegt             ltlistgt         ltpropertygt         ltproperty namehibernatePropertiesgt             ltpropsgt                 ltprop keyhibernate.dialectgtjdbc.hibernate.dialectltpropgt                 ltprop keyhibernate.showsqlgtfalseltpropgt                 ltltprop keycurrentsessioncontextclassgtthreadltpropgtgt             ltpropsgt         ltpropertygt     ltbeangt     ltbean iddataSource classorg.apache.commons.dbcp.BasicDataSourcegt         ltproperty namedriverClassName valuejdbc.driver.className gt         ltproperty nameurl valuejdbc.url gt         ltproperty nameusername valuejdbc.username gt         ltproperty namepassword valuejdbc.password gt         ltproperty nameinitialSize valuejdbc.connections.initialsize gt         ltproperty namemaxActive value70 gt         ltproperty nametestOnBorrow valuetrue gt         ltproperty namevalidationQuery valueSELECT 1gt     ltbeangt      ltbean idtransactionManager           classorg.springframework.orm.hibernate4.HibernateTransactionManagergt         ltproperty namesessionFactorygt             ltref beansessionFactory gt         ltpropertygt     ltbeangt  ltbeansgt codepre
Negative 325 pThe SQL statement below inserts values into a new table, in a new sheet TempPoints. If I remove the last part of the statement in bold the query runs OK however when I add it back in to the statement I receive the following error message [ODBC EXCEL Driver] Data Type Mismatch in criteria. p  pI have replicated the tables and query in SQLServer and it runs OK and as expected which proves the full statement is OK. Is this a limitation of the Excel ODBC driverp  pThank you in advance.p  precodestrSQL  INSERT INTO [TempPoints] REFP, PointItemRef, LoadItemRef, PointDES, Iotype, Subtype, Notes  amp                 SELECT  amp tempref amp , [PointsDB].ItemRef, [LoadstoPointsDB].LoadRef, [PointsDB].PointDES, [PointsDB].Iotype, [PointsDB].Subtype, [PointsDB].Notes  amp                 FROM [LoadsToPointsDB] INNER JOIN [PointsDB] ON [LoadsToPointsDB].PointRef  [PointsDB].ItemRef  amp                 WHERE [LoadsToPointsDB].LoadRef   amp moditemref amp  AND [PointsDB].SystemComp  Y  amp                 AND NOT EXISTS SELECT  FROM [TempPoints] WHERE [TempPoints].PointItemRef  [PointsDB].ItemRef codepre
Negative 325 pI have one object like this p  precodescope.listvalues  [ nameA, id101 ,                        nameB, id102 ,                        nameA, id103 ,                        nameC, id101 ,                        nameA, id102 ,                        nameB, id103 ] codepre  pI need to print this object in following structurep  precodename 101  102 103    A   YES  YES YES    B   No   YES YES    C   YES   NO NO   codepre  pHere i need to print the Name A in unique and also need to indicate the A is available for which Id. Is it possible to do with angularjs ngrepeat. Any one please suggest...p
Negative 325 pI am trying to send and receive TCP streams from an iPad via a wireless connection to a laptop. I create sockets with boostasio. This project is a port of a data streaming library that I maintain that works quite well on Windows, OSX, and Linux. p  pI can get the app to send and receive streams tofrom other computers on a wired LAN when I run it on the simulator. But, when I target the device itself, I cant see any streams. p  pAs I say, I am communicating via wireless between an iPad and a laptop. I create a wireless network on the laptop and then give the iPad a static IP. The connection appears to be fine, because I can ping the iPad with no packet loss. I have also tried connecting the devices by putting them on the same wireless LAN although Im not supposed to use wireless routers at work and this also does not work. p  pAccording to apple, setting up streams like this with NSStream will just work. Maybe there is some permissions magic happening under the hood that I am not doing with my calls to boostasio functions. In any case, I cant see the streams.p
Negative 325 pI am new on Opengl and I was trying to load a texture to my project , everything was okay till I write the Texture loader function p  phere is my code  p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltwindows.hgt         Header File For Windows include ltgl.hgt          Header File For The OpenGL32 Library include ltglu.hgt             Header File For The GLu32 Library include ltglaux.hgt       Header File For The Glaux Library include ltglut.hgt include ltmath.hgt  float worldX  0, worldY  0.0, worldZ  0 float angY  0 void drawBuildingfloat width, float length, float height, float sidewalkWidth, float sidewalkHeight       glPushMatrix      Building     glColor3f1.0, 0.0, 0.0     glPushMatrix      glScalefwidth, height, length     glutSolidCube1.0     glPopMatrix       Sidewalk     glColor3ub507.0, 206.0, 174.0     glTranslatef0.0, height  2.0  sidewalkHeight  2.0, 0.0     glPushMatrix     glScalefwidth  sidewalkWidth  2.0, sidewalkHeight, length  sidewalkWidth  2.0     glutSolidCube1.0     glPopMatrix     glPopMatrix   GLuint LoadTexturechar path         GLuint gtextureID      AUXRGBImageRec pTextureImage  auxDIBImageLoadpath     glGenTextures 1, ampgtextureID      glBindTexture GLTEXTURE2D, gtextureID      glTexParameteri GLTEXTURE2D,GLTEXTUREMINFILTER, GLLINEAR      glTexParameteri GLTEXTURE2D,GLTEXTUREMAGFILTER, GLLINEAR      glTexImage2D GLTEXTURE2D, 0, GLRGB, pTextureImagegtsizeX, pTextureImagegtsizeY, 0,  GLRGB, GLUNSIGNEDBYTE, pTextureImagegtdata       return gtextureID   GLuint top,down,Right,Left,front,back,t1,t2 GLUquadric  quadric    static void initvoid      glShadeModelGLSMOOTH                             Enable Smooth Shading     glClearColor0, 200, 250, 1  set white background color     glColor3f0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f  set the drawing color     glClearDepth1.0f                                  Depth Buffer Setup     glEnableGLDEPTHTEST                             Enables Depth Testing     glDepthFuncGLLEQUAL                              The Type Of Depth Testing To Do     glHintGLPERSPECTIVECORRECTIONHINT, GLNICEST   Really Nice Perspective Calculations     glEnableGLTEXTURE2D       Setup code goes here     t1 LoadTextureBuilding.bmp     quadric  gluNewQuadric     gluQuadricTexturequadric ,GLTRUE     static void reshapeint width, int height      glViewport0, 0, width10, height5      glMatrixModeGLPROJECTION     glLoadIdentity     gluPerspective45.0f, GLfloatwidthGLfloatheight, 0.1f, 5000.0f      glMatrixModeGLMODELVIEW     glLoadIdentity       Reshape code goes here    float eyeX  0, eyeY  1.7, eyeZ  0 float angle  0 float step  1.3 bool kUp  false, kDown  false, kRight  false, kLeft  false  static void displayvoid      glClearGLCOLORBUFFERBIT  GLDEPTHBUFFERBIT     glLoadIdentity     if kUp              eyeX  step  sinangle         eyeZ  step  cosangle          if kDown              eyeX  step  sinangle         eyeZ  step  cosangle          if kRight              angle  0.1f          if kLeft              angle  0.1f            float centerX  eyeX  sinangle     float centerY  eyeY     float centerZ  eyeZ  cosangle     gluLookAteyeX, eyeY, eyeZ, centerX, centerY, centerZ, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0       gluLookAtcx, 1.0f, cz,               cx  lx, 1.0f, cz  lz,               0.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f      Ground     glColor3f0.3, 0.3, 0.3     glPushMatrix     glRotatef90.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0     Qter al mostatel      glRectf1000, 1000, 1000, 1000     glPopMatrix       Cubes     int number  50     float dimention  1.0     float distance  1.0      float width  20, length  20, height  100, sidewalkWidth  1.0, sidewalkHeight  0.15, distance  5.0     for int i  number  2 i lt number  2 i               for int j  number  2 j lt number  2 j                       float x  i  width  2  sidewalkWidth  i  distance             float y  height  2.0             float z  j  length  2  sidewalkWidth  j  distance              float r  200  j  j  255  255.0             float g  200  j  i  255  255.0             float b  200  i  i  255  255.0               glColor3fr, g, b              glPushMatrix             glTranslatefx, y, z             glutSolidCubedimention             drawSnowMan             glBindTextureGLTEXTURE2D,t1             drawBuilding10, 10, 100, 2.0, 0.5             glPopMatrix                    glutSwapBuffers     glutPostRedisplay   static void specialint key, int x, int y      switch key               Special key handling code goes here     case GLUTKEYUP          kUp  true         break          case GLUTKEYDOWN          kDown  true         break          case GLUTKEYRIGHT          kRight  true         break          case GLUTKEYLEFT          kLeft  true         break          case GLUTKEYPAGEUP          worldY  0.1         break          case GLUTKEYPAGEDOWN          worldY  0.1         break                glutPostRedisplay   static void specialUpint key, int x, int y      switch key               Special key handling code goes here     case GLUTKEYUP          kUp  false         break          case GLUTKEYDOWN          kDown  false         break          case GLUTKEYRIGHT          kRight  false         break          case GLUTKEYLEFT          kLeft  false         break          case GLUTKEYPAGEUP          worldY  0.1         break          case GLUTKEYPAGEDOWN          worldY  0.1         break                glutPostRedisplay   static void keyboardGLubyte key, int x, int y      switch key               Key handling code goes here         case w               break                  case s               break                  case a               break                  case d               break                  case p            angY  0.5             break                  case l            angY  0.5             break                    case 27            exit0                    glutPostRedisplay       static void motionint x, int y         Motion handling code goes here     glutPostRedisplay    static void mouseint button, int state, int x, int y      switch state              case GLUTUP               Mouse up handling code goes here               break                  case GLUTDOWN                Mouse down handling code goes here               break                    glutPostRedisplay   static void timerint v      glutPostRedisplay     glutTimerFunc50, timer, v     int framesPerSec  60     glutTimerFunc1000framesPerSec, timer, v   int mainint argc, char argv      glutInitampargc, argv     glutInitDisplayModeGLUTDOUBLE  GLUTRGB  GLUTDEPTH     glutInitWindowSize500, 500     glutInitWindowPosition0, 0     glutCreateWindowExample      init      glutDisplayFuncdisplay      glutReshapeFuncreshape     glutKeyboardFunckeyboard     glutSpecialFuncspecial     glutSpecialUpFuncspecialUp     glutMotionFuncmotion     glutPassiveMotionFuncmotion     glutMouseFuncmouse     glutTimerFunc1, timer, 0      glutMainLoop      return 0  codepre  pand here is the errors I get  p  precodeError   1   error LNK2019 unresolved external symbol auxDIBImageLoadA4 referenced in function unsigned int cdecl LoadTexturechar  LoadTextureYAIPADZ  CUsersDaniaDocumentsVisual Studio 2012ProjectsProjectProjectSource.obj Error   2   error LNK1120 1 unresolved externals   CUsersDaniaDocumentsVisual Studio 2012ProjectsProjectDebugProject.exe  1 codepre  pI dont know what to do and what kind of problems is this . p
Negative 325 pIm just starting with Kubernetes on 2 node masterminion setup on 2 private cloud servers. Ive installed it, did basic config and got it running some simple podsservices from the master to the minion. p  pstrongMy question isstrong p  pemHow can I use persistent storage with the pods when not using Google Cloudemp  pFor my first tests I got a Ghost Blog pod running, but if i tear the pod the changes are lost. Tried adding volume to the pod, but cant actually find any documentation about how it is done when not on GC. p  pMy try p  precodeapiVersion v1beta1 id ghost kind Pod desiredState   manifest     version v1beta1     id ghost     containers        name ghost         image ghost         volumeMounts            name ghostpersistentstorage             mountPath varlibghost         ports            hostPort 8080             containerPort 2368     volumes        name ghostpersistentstorage         source           emptyDir  codepre  pFound this a hrefhttpamygdala.github.iokubernetes20150113k8s1.html relnofollowPersistent Installation of MySQL and WordPress on Kubernetesap  pCant figure it out how to add storage NFS to my testing install.p
Negative 325 pcodetableAcode contains list of recent items that user has accessed, user has option to strongpinremovestrong the list.p  pWhat I am trying is the list has to order by the below query.p  precodeselect  from tableA order by ispinned desc,     case when ispinned  1 then date end ASC,     case when ispinned  0 then date end DESC codepre  pBut in LINQ it fails. what I have tried is like the below.p  precodelst  lst.OrderByDescending x gt x.IsPinned.ThenByDescendingxgtx.AccessDate.ToList codepre  p.p  precodelst  from data in lst         orderby data.IsPinned, data.IsPinned  data.Date  data.Date descending         select data .ToList codepre
Negative 325 pI am working on phonegap application in dreamweaver  I have 2 divs code.picscode and code.covercodep  precodeltdiv classpicsgt     ltdiv classcovergtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pthe main idea is to change the colour of the cover div and toggle a JS variable between true and falsep  precode        var checkedfalse .pics.clickfunction     CheckToggle  function CheckToggle     ifcheckedfalse         checkedtrue         .cover.cssbackgroundrgba255,255,255,.5          else         checkedfalse  codepre  pI click on code.picscode and nothing happens I think there is an error in the jquery codep  pstrongThis is what I used after allstrongp  precodefunction      item1 .bind tap, PicCheck          var checked         var choosenitem1         checkedchoosen.attrpcheck  function PicCheck event      ifcheckedfalse         choosen.toggleClassselected         checkedtrue              else ifcheckedtrue         choosen.toggleClassselected         checkedfalse              choosen.attrpcheck,checked                     codepre  pp
Negative 325 pI have installed codeEclipse UML Generatorscode in eclipse Luna using its update site. The installation was successful, but there is no documentation in how to use the plugin. p  pMy objective is to generate class diagrams from java code. Can I achieve it from the above pluginp
Negative 325 pI am digging in this forum but could not realize which way to start. BRI need to build an app in Swift that searches in its internal database for a ZIP CODE and retrieves the street name, just two columns ZIP and Street but it is a list of more than 20K ZIP codes lines.BRThe user will be able only to search not edit, add nor delete.BR I learned and please correct me if I am wrong BRCoreData is good for small databases, and can not import from a list of ZIP codes I already have, neither allows to open the coredata database to editcopy or add outside of the app, so How Apple wants us to use CoreData if the users must populate the database in the iphone.BRSQLite in Swift is fast but there is not many good tutorials in the internet, most of them show only how to work with CoreData.BR I just found one or two tutorial in Swift SQLite. No one shows how to import data from other database, To work with SQLite in Swift I will need a wraper like FMDB or SwiftData, the documentation is too technical for my knowledge so I have no idea which one should I go.BRHope somebody can help me and show me the direction and maybe some help in this journey as well. BRJade.p
Negative 325 pIm doing my first Realm migration and started thinking about the version number. On what is this version number based p  pBecause if it is based on what is on your phone, how do I handle it if a new person installs the app and gets a migration Because it will also update the fields which where already set because of a fresh install.p
Negative 325 pHow can I make a POST request to create a time activity for my company on Quickbooks from a mobile app Ive got authorisation working fine, now I just need to know how to create items. For the HTTPBody of the request, what should I enter p
Negative 325 pI am following this link a hrefhttpcloud.spring.iospringcloudconfigspringcloudconfig.htmlclientsideusage relnofollowhttpcloud.spring.iospringcloudconfigspringcloudconfig.htmlclientsideusageap  pI tested this again and again and not seeing Spring cloud client is loading configuration from cloud server, please help to see where is the errorp  pPOMp  precodeltdependenciesgt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.springframework.cloudltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtspringcloudstarterltartifactIdgt     ltdependencygt      ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.springframework.bootltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtspringbootstarterwebltartifactIdgt      ltdependencygt ltdependenciesgt codepre  pApplicationp  precode    Configuration EnableAutoConfiguration RestController public class ConfigclientApplication       Valuespring.cloud.config.uri     String url      Valueproduction.host     String host       RequestMapping     public String home          return Host is  gt   this.host            public static void mainString[] args          SpringApplication.runConfigclientApplication.class, args       codepre  pbootstrap.properties spring.cloud.config.uria hrefhttplocalhost8888 relnofollowhttplocalhost8888ap  ol lipThe config server is good a hrefhttplocalhost8888spirentdefault relnofollowhttplocalhost8888spirentdefaultap  pnamespirent,profiles[default],labelmaster,propertySources[nameclasspathspirent.yml,sourceproduction.hostserver1,production.port9999,production.value112345,test.hostserver2.com,test.port4444,test.valuehello123]pli lipnow a hrefhttplocalhost8080 relnofollowhttplocalhost8080a can not be started at all. p  pError creating bean with name configclientApplication It seemed the auto inject of Value can not find the production.host environment value.pli ol  pHow can I read the configuration in client once loaded from config serverp  pThanks for your help.p
Negative 325 pI have setup a virtual machine on azure and have added SQL Server 2012 on that machine I am not using Azure SQL I have configured all the elements for reporting services and  uploaded a couple of SSRS reports to my portal. What steps should I now take to enable these reports to read from the database and display information. p
Negative 325 pI was wondering if anyone knew a PHP function that could take some plain text, and convert any urls to links, any image urls to image tags and any video urls to embedded videos as appropriate.p  pFor examplep  blockquote   pwww.mywebsite.com is the name of my site and this is the logo www.mywebsite.comlogo.jpg I have a video at a hrefhttpswww.youtube.comwatchvloab4ASqoQ relnofollowhttpswww.youtube.comwatchvloab4ASqoQap blockquote  pWould result in p  precodelta hrefwww.mywebsite.comgtwww.mywebsite.comltagt is the name of my site and this is the logo ltimg srcwww.mywebsite.comlogo.jpg gt I have a video at ltiframe width560 height315 srchttpswww.youtube.comembedloab4ASqoQ frameborder0 allowfullscreengtltiframegt codepre
Negative 325 pOn a particular Jenkins job, i need to configure the JVM PermSize and MaxPermSize for the Maven execution launched by Sonar.p  pIll try different combinations that didnt work, mainly the MAVENOPTS fields, both on the main Jenkins build and on the Sonar postjob configuration.p  pThe commandline displayed in the job log concerning Sonar is p  precodeDProgram Filesltsomeprojectgtpom.xml e B sonarsonar Dsonar.jdbc.drivercom.mysql.jdbc.Driver Dsonar.jdbc.urljdbcmysqllocalhost3306sonaruseUnicodetrueampcharacterEncodingutf8   Dsonar.host.urlhttpltsomehostgtsonar codepre  pSo, no JVM options set. For the record, my wanted options are p  precodeXXPermSize512m XXMaxPermSize512m codepre  pEnvironnementp  ul liWindows 2008li liJenkins 1.554.3li liMaven 3.0.3li liSonar 3.7li liSonar Jenkins Plugin  2.1li ul  pThank you p
Negative 325 pI have a custom sidebar that is populated by a list of the current pages siblings.  I would like to add a class to the current page in this list so that I can highlight it in the list.  I am creating the sidebar like thisp  precode                      ltdiv classcolsm3 colsmoffset1 buttoncolumngt                             ltphp                                  siblingArgs  [                                     childof gt postgtpostparent,                                     hierarchical gt  0,                                     parent gt postgtpostparent,                                 ]                                  siblingPages  getpagessiblingArgs                                 currentChildren  getpageschildof.postgtID                                  foreach siblingPages as siblingPage  gt                                     lta hrefltphp echo siblingPagegtguid gt classbodybuttongtltphp echo siblingPagegtposttitle gtltagt                                     ltphp ifsiblingPagegtID  postgtID ampamp emptycurrentChildren                                          echo ltul classhiddenlist hiddenboxgt                                         foreach currentChildren as child                                             echo ltligtlta href                                             echo childgtguid.gt                                             echo childgtposttitle.ltagtltligt                                                                                  echo ltulgt                                                                      endforeach gt                         ltdivgtltend columngt codepre  pI am trying to figure out the easiest way to add a class to the current page in the sidebar list.  Any help will be much appreciatedp
Negative 325 pMy web app authenticates the user and retrieves her advertising accounts with her user tokenp  precodemefieldsid,name,adaccounts codepre  pAfter I received the ad account ids I am trying retrieve the adgroups for one of themp  precodeactxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxadgroups codepre  pbut I am getting an errorp  precode10 You do not have sufficient permissions to perform this action codepre  pMy user has a codeGENERALUSERcode role for this ad account. strongIs this user role sufficient for this API callstrong I cannot seem to find this in the official documentation. Any help here would be much appreciatedp
Negative 325 pI am migrating a menu widget from jQuery 1.6.4 to a newer version of jQuery , 1.11.1p  precode        document.readyfunction               takeMeToLink.menu                 content globalContent1.html,                 flyOut false                       codepre  pMarkupp  precode    lta idtakeMeToLink href stylecolorblackgt         Take Me To        ltspan styleheight3pxwidth15pxpositionrelativedisplayinlineblockoverflowhidden classs4clust msviewselectorarrowgt        ltimg srclayouts15imagesfgimg.png altOpen Menu styleborderwidth0pxpositionabsoluteleft0px importanttop491px important gtltspangt     ltagt codepre  pWhen I replace the .js file with the new one, it throws an exceptionp  precodeUncaught TypeError ....menu is not a function codepre  pIs there a new function availablep
Negative 325 pIt works locally, but if I locally use a different browser thats not Chrome, and also any other computer on the published version, i get the errorp  precode Use of getPreventDefault is deprecated.  Use defaultPrevented instead. jquery1.9.1.js33460  no element found send11  [164313 GMT0700 Pacific Standard Time] Browser Link Failed to invoke return value callback SecurityError The operation is insecure. browserLink64552  CrossOrigin Request Blocked The Same Origin Policy disallows reading the remote resource at httpfonts.gstatic.comsroboto2v5AcknzPQRSA4WpEBvgFLe5g.woff. This can be fixed by moving the resource to the same domain or enabling CORS. AcknzPQRSA4WpEBvgFLe5g.woff  downloadable font download failed fontfamily Roboto2 stylenormal weightnormal stretchnormal src index3 bad URI or crosssite access not allowed source httpfonts.gstatic.comsroboto2v5AcknzPQRSA4WpEBvgFLe5g.woff css112  CrossOrigin Request Blocked The Same Origin Policy disallows reading the remote resource at httpfonts.gstatic.comsroboto2v5ApXdXs5LVGxUUlKPNH5PhsxEYwM7FgeyaSgU71cLG0.woff. This can be fixed by moving the resource to the same domain or enabling CORS. ApXdXs5LVGxUUlKPNH5PhsxEYwM7FgeyaSgU71cLG0.woff  downloadable font download failed fontfamily Roboto2 stylenormal weight500 stretchnormal src index3 bad URI or crosssite access not allowed source httpfonts.gstatic.comsroboto2v5ApXdXs5LVGxUUlKPNH5PhsxEYwM7FgeyaSgU71cLG0.woff css712  no element found send11  [164313 GMT0700 Pacific Standard Time] Browser Link Failed to invoke return value callback SecurityError The operation is insecure. browserLink64552  Error one or more fonts could not be loaded. codepre  pGoogle hasnt turned up much as far as answers... would really appreciate some help.  I found this p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions26501844crossoriginrequestblockedwhileloadinggooglejsapiCross Origin Request Blocked while loading Google JS apiap  pbut that wasnt answered unfortunately..p  pthe code that i think errors is the necessary linep  precodeltscript typetextjavascript srchttpswww.google.comjsapigtltscriptgt codepre  pI also tried downloading that javascript file and referencing it locally but I believe that doesnt work as the file still references to google online..p
Negative 325 pIve have three cells and iam trying to align the text to Left, Center and Right.p  precodefunction Footer        thisgtSetY 15         thisgtSetFont Arial, , 10        thisgtCell0,10,Left text,0,0,L      thisgtCell0,10,Center text,0,0,C      thisgtCell 0, 10, Right text, 0, 0, R     codepre  pWhen I ouput my PDF file, codecenter textcode get automatically aligned right. This is how it looksp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comysV2q.png altenter image description herep  pCan somebody tell me what Im doing wrong here and how I can fix this issuep
Negative 325 pWhen I apply the codeupcasecode method I getp  precodeahello a.upcase a  Shows HELLO codepre  pBut in this other casep  precodebhello b[0].upcase b[0]   Shows h b  Shows hello codepre  pI dont understand why the codeupcasecode applied to codeb[0]code doesnt have any efect.p
Negative 325 pI get this error when I try to add a product in cart.p  precodeCannot add the item to shopping cart. codepre  pThis is the linkp  pa hrefhttpwww.momentofstyle.comenshopcoatsjacketssilkbomber152.html relnofollowhttpwww.momentofstyle.comenshopcoatsjacketssilkbomber152.htmlap  pYou can try made it.p  pYou tell me what are the causes for this problem occursp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pI have created an application with .net framework version 4.0. I am trying to configure this application in IIS. But after the configuration, when I am try to browse the particular website I am getting the following error.p  blockquote   pServer Error in  Application. Configuration Error Description An   error occurred during the processing of a configuration file required   to service this request. Please review the specific error details   below and modify your configuration file appropriately.p      pParser Error Message An error occurred loading a configuration file   Failed to start monitoring changes to CUsersuserDocumentsVisual   Studio 2013ProjectsProject2 because access is denied.p      pSource Errorp      p[No relevant source lines]p      pSource File CUsersuserDocumentsVisual Studio   2013ProjectsProject2web.config    Line 0p      pVersion Information Microsoft .NET Framework Version4.0.30319   ASP.NET Version4.0.30319.34237p blockquote
Negative 325 pI use model which not contain attribute countries because Im saving it in relationsmodel via manytomany relation. When Im creating form in view I use multiple select for custom field countries. How can I validate it from model on codemodelgtvalidatecodep
Negative 325 precently I have been looking for any example that I can use the ENC28J60 adapter with one Arduino that I would setp  ol liserver IPli liPort Destinationli ol  pI dont want to send the information with a POST o GET http request because I develop a online DB listener I just want to setup a TCP connection between my arduino and my server I just want to send a string en the TCP package.p  pIs possible to do this with this module or I need to buy another module.p
Negative 325 pI am working on a JS project where I cannot use any built in JS functions, I must code the solution myself. I cannot seem to get my below function to work. It should not return a value, but simply run the iterator function over each element in the array to provide access to the element, index and array itself. What am I doing wrong I am new to JS. I am looking for basic JS solution, not jQuery please.p  pSorry, the whole code looks like thisp  precodemyForEach  functioncollection, iterator      forvar i  0 i lt collection.length i          iteratorcollection[i]       codepre
Negative 325 pI gave an element two dynamically added classes one for uniform styling, the other for differentiation in programming their click functions. Here is the block of codep  precodedocument.onclick, section.notelink, function      chrome.storage.local.getnoteTitleList, function x          var titleSet  x.noteTitleList         forvar c  0 c lt titleSet.length c              var noteTitle  titleSet[c].substr5             ifthis.hasClassnotec                  alertcheck                             codepre  pThe element should have a class of notelink which it does find and note number ranges from 0  5 currently. I tried checking to see if it had a class using the jquery hasClass method without success.p
Negative 325 ul liBOWERCOMPONENTSli libower.jsonli liCSSli liIMGli liindex.htmlli liJSli lipackage.jsonli liSCSSli liWEBSITE1 ul liindex.htmlli liJSli liIMGli liCSSli liSCSSli ulli liWEBSITE2 ul liindex.htmlli liJSli liIMGli liCSSli liSCSSli ulli ul  hr  pThis is my directory structure so far. I have a parent website in the root folder and many child websites on subdirectories.br The idea is to use a framework like Bootstrap or Foundation  Im using Foundation create my layout of many commonly used website sections on the parent website and apply them onto the child. This would make all my websites very easy to maintain and update. The catch is that I have to lightly style colors, fonts, bgimgages... the child separately.br This would not be hard using only css, but using a framework with preprocessing means that I cant override variables afterwards. In other words, I cant change the blue color to red on everything at once. I have to declare each selector that I want to change the color again on the child css for it to work, rendering the use of a framework a big pain. p  pIs there a better waybr Or should I just give up and copy the whole framework into the subfolders. One copy for each child website.p  pNote The websites I make are really simple static onepagers, but taking care of hundreds of them is a huge drag.p
Negative 325 pstrongNew to App Devstrong So i am making this app which takes takes a user input and that input is supposed to be a parameter to the HTTP GET REQUEST. How do i use the input as a param p  pEg The text box takes a number 10 as input and i want a request like p  pexample.comno10ampotherparamsomestuff here.p  pI have searched for how to make a get request and i know how to do that but i couldnt find reference for using a user input as param.p  phow should i go about using the user input as the number of times the get request will be madep  peg  user enters 10 then the GET request should be made 10 timesp
Negative 325 pI have a bunch of testng tests. When I run the tests individually they pass, when I run them in a suite the first test passes but the rest fail because the response from the exchange is null.p  pI have no idea why this happening can anybody suggest what could cause thisp
Negative 325 pI am writing an application for a project, which detects light intensity and etc. The application is supposed to send out command from android device to Arduino board and receive data from it. It serves as a bluetooth terminal, which I have already finished.p  pNow, I want to process the data I received. I want 1, graph the data 2, only show data in xxx range.p  pCan anyone give me a hint to start Like what method I should use or website I can look intop
Negative 325 pI am currently using FormRanger to populate a dropdown list of soccer games by game description in a google form.  I would like to add a dropdown list to the form that you select your team, the spreadsheet has the teams listed in a column, and based off the team selected I want another dropdown for only the games for that team.  The game descriptions are in another column. So if team A has played 5 games I only want those 5 games to show up in the second dropdown list.  The games are put into a spreadsheet by another form and the Team A selection is a static list and the game descriptions would be dynamic and grow over time.  I am not sure where to even start with this so any help would be greatly appreciated.  p
Negative 325 pi want to detect current device operating system name in objectivec like operatingsystem  iOSp  pwould you kindly help me how to solve my problem.p  pThanks in advance p
Negative 325 pthe validation isnt working in my formRow directive. I put a ngform with the field name in the directive, but the [[ field ]].invalid for example will not triggered. Does anybody know whyp  pDirectivep  precodeltli classformrow ngform[[ field ]]gt ltdiv classlabelgt     ltlabel ngclass required  required  true  forfrm[[ field ]]gt[[ label ]]ltlabelgt ltdivgt ltdiv classfield ngswitchrequired ngclass fieldinvalid  [[ field ]].touched ampamp [[ field ]].invalid, fieldvalid [[ field ]].touched ampamp [[ field ]].valid gt     ltinput ngswitchwhentrue type[[ type ]] name[[ field ]] idfrm[[ field ]] ngmodelrecord[ field ] requiredgt     ltinput ngswitchdefault type[[ type ]] name[[ field ]] idfrm[[ field ]] ngmodelrecord[ field ] gt ltdivgt codepre  plip  pDirective.jsp  precode.directiveformRow, function   return      restrict EA,     templateUrl FW.Config.submap  angulardirectivesformRow.html,     replace true,     scope          record ,         type ,         field ,         label ,         required      ,     link functionscope, element, attr           Wordt gezet bij form submit         scope.onrecordinvalid, function              scope[scope.field].setTouched                 codepre  pCall from templatep  precodeltform nameformData ngsubmitsubmitevent classformwide frmlogin novalidategt     ltulgt         ltformrow recordinloggen fieldemailadres labelEmailadres typeemail requiredtruegtltformrowgt         ltformrow recordinloggen fieldwachtwoord labelWachtwoord typepassword requiredtruegtltformrowgt     ltulgt codepre  pp  pBy the way I use square brackets as interpolateProvider symbols, because of the use of twig also in my templates.p
Negative 325 pI have an API controller that when called from the client passes database credentials.p  precodepublic class ForemanController  ApiController      static SqlConnectionStringBuilder connectionString  new SqlConnectionStringBuilder       public ForemanController             database calls with connection string           public void Getstring DataSource, string InitialCatalog, string UserID, string Password              connectionString.DataSource  DataSource         connectionString.InitialCatalog  InitialCatalog         connectionString.UserID  UserID         connectionString.Password  Password       codepre  pThe get method is working fine and I can see the credentials being passed via the client codep  precodestatic HttpClient client  new HttpClient HttpResponseMessage resp  client.GetAsyncapiforemanDataSourcedxdvampInitialCatalogQ19410ampUserIDtunldampPassworddid.Result codepre  pMy problem is that the constructor in the ApiController runs before the get method so the database calls fail because of a null connection string.p  pHow do I get the parameters to pass before the constructorp
Negative 325 pI have four tables called codeAlbumscode, codeSongscode, codeSingerscode and codeSongSingerscode.p  precodeAlbums  Id, Name   Songs  Id, AlbumId, Name  Singers  Id, Name  SongSingers  Id, SongId, SingerId  codepre  ul liAlbum has many songs.li liSong belongs to an Album.li liSongSinger belongs to Song and Singer.li liSong and Singer have many SongSingers.li ul  pEach song may have same or different singers.p  pIn View, how can I get all nonduplicate Singers by AlbumId.p  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI am able to create a simple diagram with shapes and numbers. I am using the following codep  precodeimport gizeh as gz  W, H  500, 300  surface  gz.SurfaceW,H, bgcolor1,0.7,1  for a in range1,9     rect  gz.rectanglelx  10, ly  10, xyWa,Ha, fill 0,1,0.7     rect.drawsurface     txt  gz.textstra, fontfamilyDancing Script, fontsize15, fill0,0,0,xyWa,Ha     txt.drawsurface  surface.ipythondisplay codepre  pI have also created a version using moviepyp  precodeimport numpy as np import gizeh as gz import moviepy.editor as mpy  W, H  500, 300 duration  5 figpath  tmp fps  1  def makeframet      surface  gz.SurfaceW,H, bgcolor1,1,1      rect  gz.rectanglelx  10, ly  10, xyWt1,H2, fill 0,1,0.7     rect.drawsurface     txt  gz.textstrt1, fontfamilyDancing Script, fontsize15, fill0,0,0,xyWt1,H2     txt.drawsurface      return surface.getnpimage  clip  mpy.VideoClipmakeframe, durationduration clip.writevideofilefigpath  trax0.mp4, fpsfps  clip.ipythondisplayfpsfps, widthW, autoplay0, loop0 codepre  pI would like to be able to create animated GIF using a time delay between each step of the cycle. p
Negative 325 pIm designing a touch scrollable simple menu like belowp  precode                               amp   codepre  pI did it using a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma169998681743124simple CSSa. Im also able to get the active menu item in my dynamic webpage, so I can highlight them accordingly.p  pIf the visitor is in codecode page, I can highlight that particular menu, if in codeampcode page, I can highlight that too. But the problem is, on the newly rendered page, the menu refreshes itself and codeampcode become outofscope again. Even it is highlighted, the user is unable to see emthatem without touching and scrolling the menu.p  precode                                     amp   codepre  pIs there a way I can let the menu remember its position so that it can refresh remembering its current positionp  h3Edith3  pWhat I want is to let the menu remember its position while being in newly rendered pagep  precode                                                      amp         codepre
Negative 325 pI am working an a project which requires a custom progress bar using only html, css, and javascript. I want to be able to set an initial condition on the progress bar and have it start at the proper place. p  pExample I have a timestamp for when something started and I know when it should complete. I want the progress bar to start at the proportionally correct place and then transition the width to 100 completion over the proper time.p  pI am having trouble setting up the code so that this is possible. I have not yet been able to get a css transition to start at a programmatically set width.p  pThis example shows my approach so far...p  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt     ltheadgt         ltstyle typetextcssgt                               boxsizing borderbox                 margin 0                 padding 0                 fontfamily Avenir Next, sansserif                 fontsize 1em                 textalign center                          html, body, div                  width 100                 height 100                 backgroundcolor white                          spacer                  height 40                          container                  height 20                 backgroundcolor gray                          progressBar                  backgroundcolor green                 float left                      ltstylegt     ltheadgt     ltbody onloadstartProgressBargt         ltdiv idspacergtltdivgt         ltdiv idcontainergt             ltdiv idprogressBargtltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idspacergtltdivgt     ltbodygt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         function startProgressBar               bar  document.getElementByIdprogressBar               assume that the bar should start at 50             bar.style.transitionDuration  0s             bar.style.width  50               assume that bar should complete final 50 in 10s             bar.style.transition  width 10s linear             bar.style.width  100              ltscriptgt lthtmlgt codepre  pI am new to javascript. It seems that the when I set codebar.stylecode the lines are not executed serially. I may just misunderstand something about how javascript works.p
Negative 325 pI have implemented the update and create functionality for my website.p  pI have a page for items. On the index page I show all the items and there is a create button to create a new item and an update button against each item to update a particular item.p  pThe create and update forms are displayed below the list of items on the index page using ajax call, I call the actionUpdate and actionCreate and render the forms on the index page using the renderPartial. p  pIf the update or create is success, the index page is reloaded.p  pI do not want to reload the entire page but just the list of items.p  pHere is the code snippet of my create actionp  precodepublic function actionCreate      model  new Item     if modelgtload Yiiappgtrequestgtpost  ampamp modelgtsave            items Itemfindgtall       return thisgtredirect[index, items gt items]       exit           return thisgtrenderPartialcreateUpdate, [item gt model, title gt Create item ]   codepre  pIs there a way to achieve thisp  pNiship
Negative 325 precodeUtworString x, String y, Integer z      tytul1  x     wykonawca2  y     rok3  z       if z lt 1900  z gt 2015              System.out.printlnRok utworu musi si zawiera pomidzy 1900, a 2015.             throw new IllegalArgumentExceptionInvalid cents value   z            codepre  pz is supposed to be between 19002015, and it works. But I dont want my program to completely stop but to ask again for this variable. Im not sure Im doing it right way, since my teacher just gave me example code codethrow new ExceptionTytu utworu nie moe by pustycode and thats it.p
Negative 325 pIm trying a groupBy on a very small RDD in a sparkshell and Im getting this errorp  blockquote   pjava.io.FileNotFoundException  mnthd9hadoopyarnlocalusercacheUSERappcacheapplicationxxxxxxxxxxxxxxsparkxxxxxxxxxshuffle410.index No such file or directoryp blockquote  pI looked at some discussions, and I realized that its maybe due to a lack of memory, and executors may not find the missing file to do an append on it. I didnt understand that very well. p  pCould someone explain it to me   Have you a suggestion for fixing this issue p
Negative 325 pAll the browsers chrome, ie, firefox, safari on windows show the animation as they should. When I have tried it on my iphone, the animation would not work. Any ideas whyp  pHere is my CSSp  precoderotatingDiv    position relative   zindex 0   display block   margin auto   height 30px   width 30px   webkitanimation rotation .7s infinite linear   mozanimation rotation .7s infinite linear   oanimation rotation .7s infinite linear   animation rotation .7s infinite linear   borderleft 8px solid rgba0, 0, 0, .20   borderright 8px solid rgba0, 0, 0, .20   borderbottom 8px solid rgba0, 0, 0, .20   bordertop 8px solid rgba33, 128, 192, 1   borderradius 100  keyframes rotation    from      transform rotate0deg      to      transform rotate359deg     webkitkeyframes rotation    from      webkittransform rotate0deg      to      webkittransform rotate359deg     mozkeyframes rotation    from      moztransform rotate0deg      to      moztransform rotate359deg     okeyframes rotation    from      otransform rotate0deg      to      otransform rotate359deg     codepre
Negative 325 pIm creating a search form in a Rails app that uses Mongoid. Since order can be expensive, I decided I only wanted to allow the ordering of attributes that have indexes. I added a method to my model that uses codeModel.collection.indexescode to build an array that I will use in my search form. p  pstrongModelstrongp  precodeclass Contact     indexcreatedat 1     indexcreatedat 1     indexupdatedat 1     indexupdatedat 1     indexfirstname 1     indexfirstname 1     indexlastname 1     indexlastname 1      def self.orderbyfields          This will collect all the fields with indexes         ret  self.collection.indexes.collect  i i[key].keys[0]          ret.uniq  Remove dupes 1, 1         ret.shift  Removes first item id         return ret     end  end codepre  pstrongSearch Formstrongp  precodelt s.selectorderby, Contact.orderbyfields.collect.eachp [ p.humanize, p] , selected params[search] ampamp params[search][orderby]  params[search][orderby]  ,         class formcontrol gt lt s.selectorderbydirection,          [DESC,ASC], selected params[search] ampamp params[search][orderbydirection]  params[search][orderbydirection]  ,         class formcontrol gt codepre  pstrongControllerstrongp  precodeorderby  params[search][orderby] params[search][orderbydirection] contacts  Contact.where....orderbyorderby  codepre  pI thought that was pretty clever and it worked really well  but I wanted to post it here and see if anyone has a reason NOT todo thisp  pAny feedback is much appreciatedp
Negative 325 pI am developing a breast imaging features for object recognition, using FlannBasedMatcher to compute spatial histograms.p  precodeMat ComputeSpatialHistogramMat features, Mat vocabulary, int regionindex, int level, PtrltDescriptorMatchergt flannmatcher     int vocabsize  vocabulary.rows    Mat descriptor  Matzeros1, vocabsizemypow4, level, CV32FC1    if features.rows gt 0             vectorltDMatchgt matches         flannmatchergtmatchfeatures, matches         int wordidx, regionidx, descridx         for int i  0 i lt matches.size i             wordidx  matches[i].trainIdx             regionidx  regionindex[i]             descridx  vocabsizeregionidx  wordidx             descriptor.atltfloatgt0, descridx  descriptor.atltfloatgt0, descridx  1.0f                   return descriptor  codepre  pI get an error when ending the execution of the iffeatures.rows  0 scope. Can you helpmep
Negative 325 pI am trying to get codeNLogcode to properly log to a strongSQLitestrong database.br I am able to interact with the SQLite database aside from codeNLogcode.  p  pWhen I force Internal Logging of codeNLogcode, I see the following errorp  blockquote   pError initializing target Database Target[db] System.TypeLoadException Could not load type System.Data.SQLite from assembly NLog, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken5120e14c03d0593c.p blockquote  pMy codeNLogcode configuration has the following parametersp  ul licodedbProviderSystem.Data.SQLitecode codekeepConnectionfalsecodeli licodeconnectionStringData SourcebasedirDatabase.s3dbcodeli licodecommandTextINSERT into LogTimestamp, Loglevel, Logger, Callsite, Message valuesTimestamp, Loglevel, Logger, Callsite, Messagecodeli ul  pWhat am I missingp
Negative 325 pThere are similar questions linked below but none solves this problem. Im writing Protractor tests for an Ionic Project. I need to execute tests at times when an Ionic Loading dialog appears and disappears.p  pIve created a repo with the bare bones of the app and the tests that need to be made. Solve this and you solve the problem I describe the problem below a hrefhttpsgithub.comTmanTmanStackoverflowQhttpsgithub.comTmanTmanStackoverflowQa. Just adapt the path to your Chrome for your system in conf.js.p  pTo simulate an asynchronous Ionic Loading dialog I just add this to the controller in a blank Ionic projectp  precodeinterval function          ionicLoading.show             template Async ionicLoading,             duration 5000                , 5000 , 1      codepre  pI need to get protractor to wait for the dialog to appear, do some tests, wait for the dialog to disappear, and then do some more tests. My latest attempt in my test file isp  precodeitshould only test when ionicLoading appears, function    browser.waitfunction     return elementby.css.loadingcontainer.visible.active.isPresent   , 10000   var ionicLoadingText  elementby.css.loadingcontainer.visible.active.getText   expectionicLoadingText.toEqualAsync IonicLoading     itshould only test once ionicLoading disappears, function    browser.waitfunction      var deferred  protractor.promise.defer     var q  elementby.css.loadingcontainer.visible.active.isPresent       q.then function isPresent          deferred.fulfillisPresent              return deferred.promise        expect1.toEqual1  codepre  pIm trying to avoid using synchronous sleep function, as my code is highly asynchronous. Ive tried countless variations but I cant get it to work. Links Ive used for info includesp  ul lia hrefhttpdocsplendid.comarchives209Protractor blocking wait ali lia hrefhttpspin.atomicobject.com20141217asynchronoustestingprotractorangularAsynchronous Testing with Protractors ControlFlow ali lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions28025342protractorwaitforiselementpresentandclickonwaitedelementfailsProtractor wait for isElementPresent and click on waited element failsali ul
Negative 325 pI got a tutorial to write to codedevdspcode to play with audio, but I found no such device in Linux 3.16. What should I dop
Negative 325 pI am trying return an array and use it in a javascript function, but it doesnt seem to work. My Code.gs is as followsp  precodefunction doGet    return HtmlService.createHtmlOutputFromFiletest   .setSandboxModeHtmlService.SandboxMode.IFRAME   function test      var locations  []     var ss  SpreadsheetApp.openByUrlhttpsdocs.google.comspreadsheetsd13q7pIeMUHll65xBUpBavaBqALt9fnFnOIOHwypFcedit,     sheet  ss.getActiveSheet,     range  ss.getRangeD2D4,     values  range.getValues     for var r1 rltvalues.length r         var row  values[r]        locations.pushrow[0]          return locations  codepre  pThe function in my test.html looks as followsp  precodefunction hello     google.script.run.test  codepre  pSo I want to pass the array and its contents to the hello function in my test.html. How can I make this workp
Negative 325 pSo i am trying to implement a pagination table with the datatables plugin, this is my first time using this plugin. I followed the documentation on the plugin and tried to get the values from the server through the use of Ajax, as per presented in the plugins documentation. p  pI seem to be getting the following error once i make the get request and i am unsure of why p  pError strongUncaught TypeError Cannot read property length of undefinedstrongp  pOn client side i have the following code p  precodeviewReports       init function         paginatedData.DataTable             processing true,             serverSide true,             ajax viewreports                  document.readyviewReports.init codepre  pIn my server side i have the following p  precoderouter.getviewreports, functionres, req      async.parallel         viewReports functioncallback             restCallrestbugbountylatestmessagesearchReport, POST, parameters, functiondata                 callbacknull, data                            , functionerr, result         iferr             res.sendresult.viewReports             res.renderviewreports                codepre  pReturned JSONp  blockquote   p reportList [  reportID EIBBP448, eBayUserID  , reportStatus New, summary BugBounty Report created by Raj, lastUpdatedDate 20150615 0105, createdDate 20150615 0105, paypalLoginID raajpaypal.com  ], searchStatus Success, eBayUserID , errorCode 0, rowCount 6, pageNumber 1, paginationValue 1, paypalLoginID raajpaypal.com p blockquote  pIt would be great to know if there is anyone who has worked with node.js server side processing for datatables p
Negative 325 pI am trying to do the following curl which works for me in C using HttpClient.p  precodecurl X POST httpwww.somehosturl.com       u ltclientidgtltclientsecretgt       d granttypepassword       d usernameltemailgt       d passwordltpasswordgt       d scopeall codepre  pThe C Codep  precodeHttpClientHandler handler  new HttpClientHandler  Credentials  new               System.Net.NetworkCredential myclientid, myclientsecret            try              usingvar httpClient  new HttpClienthandler                      var activationUrl  www.somehosturl.com              var postData  granttypepasswordampusernamemyemailmyemail.comamppasswordmypassampscopeall             var content  new StringContentpostData, Encoding.UTF8, applicationxwwwformurlencoded              var response  await httpClient.PostAsyncactivationUrl, content             ifresponse.IsSuccessStatusCode                 return null              var result  await response.Content.ReadAsStringAsync              return result                   catchException              return null      codepre  pWhen executed, just crashes out, doesnt even catch the exceptionp  pNormally I am able to GET and POST perfectly fine, but whats throwing me off is how to set the auth stuff clientid and clientsecretp
Negative 325 pI have an XML file with code p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltcaradsgt ltcarmake makesuzuki adjkwnullgt ltmodel datatypestringadjkwnull class gt    ltmodelinstancegtALTOltmodelinstancegt    ltmodelinstancegtKHYBERltmodelinstancegt ltmodelgt ltyear datatypeinteger adjkwyes class gt    ltadjkwgt ltadjkwgt    ltadjkwgtltadjkwgt ltyeargt ltprice datatypestring adjkwyes class    gt     ltadjkwgt  ltadjkwgt     ltadjkwgt ltadjkwgt ltpricegt ltcarmakegt ltcarmake make adjkwnullgt ltmodel datatypestring adjkwnull class gt     ltmodelinstancegtaltoltmodelinstancegt     ltmodelinstancegtltmodelinstancegt ltmodelgt ltyear datatypeinteger adjkwyes class gt     ltadjkwgt ltadjkwgt     ltadjkwgtltadjkwgt     ltadjkwgt ltadjkwgt ltyeargt ltprice datatypestring adjkwyes class    gt     ltadjkwgt  ltadjkwgt     ltadjkwgt ltadjkwgt ltpricegt ltcarmakegt ltcaradsgt codepre  pI am parsing this using XmlDocument in cp  precodestring xmlText  File.ReadAllTextGcarxmlfinal.xml var doc  new XmlDocument doc.LoadXmlxmlText codepre  pIf I know attribute value e.g.in my example attribute class   I want to get its corresponding element name i.e element year.p
Negative 325 pIm using this code,  p  precodeclass RequestTask extends AsyncTaskltString, String, Stringgt  Override  username, password, message, mobile protected String doInBackgroundString... url       constants     int timeoutSocket  5000     int timeoutConnection  5000      HttpParams httpParameters  new BasicHttpParams     HttpConnectionParams.setConnectionTimeouthttpParameters, timeoutConnection     HttpConnectionParams.setSoTimeouthttpParameters, timeoutSocket     HttpClient client  new DefaultHttpClienthttpParameters      HttpGet httpget  new HttpGeturl[0]      try          HttpResponse getResponse  client.executehttpget         final int statusCode  getResponse.getStatusLine.getStatusCode          ifstatusCode  HttpStatus.SCOK              Log.wMyApp, Download Error   statusCode   for URL   url             return null                   String line           StringBuilder total  new StringBuilder          HttpEntity getResponseEntity  getResponse.getEntity          BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReadergetResponseEntity.getContent            whileline  reader.readLine  null              total.appendline                   line  total.toString         return line      catch Exception e          Log.wMyApp, Download Exception    e.toString          return null   Override protected void onPostExecuteString result       do something with result   codepre  pI call the execute method in the onCreate method. And when i tried to start the app, its always force close. I tried to narrow the error, and i found that the  codeHttpResponse getResponse  client.executehttpgetcode that caused the error. I dont know why this didnt work for me any helpp
Negative 325 pI am creating a small django invoicing system for my first python project and I am stuck on this rather large issue handling data. I have a hierarchy of models that I use to easily input the data from paper. I have services, which are migrated to invoice, which are then migrated to Bill Period that the user will view all of their services provided for that month. The code will explain it better. What I need is a final model with an Agency To Bill and Total fields with a Paid booleanfield so I can keep track of payments and use these value with djangoauthorizenet. Using models is still new for me, so Im stumped on how to do this. I am thinking that when the user views the invoicedetail page, a hidden form will be submitted with the cost values added together.p  precode models.py tiers  compiled invoice with sum of all cost in  bill period would be the last step class Servicemodels.Model     nameofservice  models.CharFieldmaxlength50     cost             models.CharFieldmaxlength50     def unicodeself         return unicodeself.nameofservice  class BillPeriodmodels.Model     startdate       models.DateTimeFieldblankTrue, nullTrue     enddate         models.DateTimeFieldblankTrue, nullTrue     def unicodeself         return unicodeself.startdate  class invoicemodels.Model     dateofservice      models.DateTimeFielddefaulttimezone.now,blankTrue     agencytobill       models.ForeignKeysettings.AUTHUSERMODEL, blankTrue     patient              models.ForeignKeyusers.Patient, blankTrue     therapycompleted    models.ForeignKeyService, blankTrue     def unicodeself         return unicodeself.agencytobill  class compiledinvoicemodels.Model  month, total, paid     views.py i use to handle the information  error message Relation fields do not support nested lookups def InvoiceDetailrequest, month, year  currentuser  request.user invoicedetail  invoice.objects.filterdateofserviceyearyear,                                          dateofservicemonthmonth,                                          agencytobillcurrentuser c  invoice.objects.filterpaidFalse,                              dateofserviceyearyear,                             dateofservicemonthmonth,                             agencytobillcurrentuser total  invoice.objects.filtertherapycompletedServicecostisnullTrue.aggregateSumcost return rendertoresponseinvoicedetail.html, invoicedetail invoicedetail,                                                     currentuser currentuser,                                                     month month,                                                      codepre  pAny helpadvice would be appreciated, because at this point Im stuck. This hidden form is my last ditch effort.p
Negative 325 pI have receiving data from our sensors using GET. The request format is a hrefhttpIPPORTPATHOperationInsertObservationampvalue0.0012ampunitid123456ampsensorid75648httpIPPORTPATHOperationInsertObservationampvalue0.0012ampunitid123456ampsensorid75648a. How I can, using iotagentnodelib, write them to Orion Context Brokerp
Negative 325 pI have the following piece of codep  precodestruct Dare    var theDare [[String AnyObject]]  [     [dare Dare1,      darePerson true],     [dare Dare2,      darePerson false],     [dare Dare3,      darePerson false],     [dare Dare4,      darePerson true],     [dare Dare5,      darePerson false] ]  func randomDare gt DictionaryltString, AnyObjectgt      return theDare[Intarc4randomuniformUInt32theDare.count]    codepre  pHow can i check a random dare if darePerson  truep
Negative 325 pI have a Javascript image gallery and wanted to be able to share individual images on FB but found out that the Open Graph tags need to be static for FB to scrape, changing them on the fly with JS does not work.p  pI found this post a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8431694generatingfacebookopengraphmetatagsdynamicallyGenerating Facebook Open Graph meta tags dynamicallya and added some Javascript redirections.p  pBasically when a user clicks on my static FB Share button, strongtitlestrong, strongdescriptionstrong, strongimagestrong and strongredirectstrong parameters are send to the page and the OG tags written. Than I do a JS codeself.locationcode to the actual codehttpswww.facebook.comsharersharer.phpuamptcodep  pOnce the image is posted on FB and the users clicks on the image they are taken back to the same page with another redirect pulled from the strongredirectstrong parameter.p  ul lipEverything works except that the image does not show up in the FB sharer dialog. Once posted on FB it shows fine though. Also in the Open Graph Object Debugger the image shows up fine, but not in the sharer dialog. Any Idea whypli lipI was also wondering about my dynamic OG template with the redirects, is there anything that could be improved What about security etcp  precodeltphp       httpstackoverflow.comquestions8431694generatingfacebookopengraphmetatagsdynamically      params  array     if  countGET gt 0          params  GET      else          params  POST            defaults     if  params[locale]    params[locale]  enUS     if  params[type]    params[type]  article      if  params[title]    params[title]  My Awsome Website     if  params[description]    params[description]  The default description of my website     if  params[image]    params[image]  httpwww.mywebsite.comlogo.png     if  params[redirect]    params[redirect]  httpwww.mywebsite.com      querystr     locale       . params[locale] .                      amptype        . params[type] .                      amptitle       . params[title] .                      ampdescription . params[description] .                      ampimage       . params[image] .                      ampredirect    . params[redirect]      fbparamu  urlencode httpwww.mywebsite.comsharefacebook . querystr      fbparamt  rawurlencode striptags params[title]    gt  ltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langenUS prefixog httpogp.mensgt      ltheadgt         lttitlegtlttitlegt         ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetUTF8gt          lt Open Graph meta tags gt         ltmeta propertyogsitename contentMy Websitegt         ltmeta propertyoglocale contentltphp echo params[locale] gtgt         ltmeta propertyogtype contentltphp echo params[type] gtgt          ltmeta propertyogurl contenthttpwww.mywebsite.comsharefacebooklt querystr gt gt          ltmeta propertyogtitle contentltphp echo params[title] gtgt         ltmeta propertyogdescription contentltphp echo params[description] gtgt         ltmeta propertyogimage contentltphp echo params[image] gtgt          ltscript typetextjavascriptgt             var matches  document.referrer.matchhttps[][]i             var domainreferrer  matches ampamp matches[1]               when clicking through on FB share button             if domainreferrer  www.mywebsite.com                  self.location  httpswww.facebook.comsharersharer.phpult fbparamu gtamptlt fbparamt gt              else               redirect incomming links from FB                 self.location  ltphp echo params[redirect] gt                      ltscriptgt        ltheadgt      ltbodygt         ltdiv styledisplaynonegt             ltimg srclt params[image] gt gt         ltdivgt     ltbodygt  lthtmlgt codepreli ul
Negative 325 pI have a question about add shading in my figure. I need to shading all subplot like the picture below, how to do it in Python img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIMFpa.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pI am working on a network that has 3 Active Directories. One primary, one secondary and one readonly. I used same account to login in two different server on this domain, and I am trying to check authentication on these two servers. Strangely one server can easily authenticate the user that I am logged in with but the other server cannot. Basically one server can authenticate any user of Active Directory and the other server cannot authenticate any user. I am using codenltext whowillDomain Usercode to check authentication. Anyone has any idea what is the best way to solve this issuep  pThank youp
Negative 325 pi have a short question for the jstree jstree.comp  pI would use one instance of the tree in different pages an save the current tree status with the stage propertyp  pFor example. I have the follow pages which have there own content.p  pindex.htm   example1.htm   example2.htm impressum.htmp  pNow i would build the navigation with the jstree. When i click at a link the called page open and i can use the same jstree instance. But i will not define a new tree in each site. Is this possiblep  pThank youp  pFelixp
Negative 325 pCurrently we are able to drag and drop the folders and we are able to get all the files in the folder. but we are not able to get the path of that files.p  pHow can we get the file path of the files which are uploaded, so that we can maintain the same folder structure p
Negative 325 pI have 2 code.cppcode files  codemain.cppcode codeA.cppcode and few header files in codeincludecode dir.p  pI am trying to write a makefile that recompiles whenever a header file changes.p  pNow I tried following the method outlines in the example a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions15725789makefileheaderdependenciesherea. However I could not get started. Here is my attempt so far.p  precodeCC  g OBJS  main.o A.o OUTPUT  program.exe INCLUDEDIR  I .include   linking step all OBJS     CC INCLUDEDIR OBJS o OUTPUT  compile and generate dependency info .o  .cpp     CC INCLUDEDIR c .cpp o .o      CC INCLUDEDIR MMD c o  lt  include .d codepre
Negative 325 pI am trying to redirect page from servlet using RequestDispatcher but it is not working. My code for servlet is thisp  precodepublic class LoginServlet extends HttpServlet  private static final long serialVersionUID  1L ListltUsergt users  new LinkedListltUsergt     see HttpServletHttpServlet   public LoginServlet throws FileNotFoundException, IOException     super     File file  new FileCUsersMiselworkspaceSalonNamestajasrcorgSalonNamestajadataFilesusers.txt     FileReader fileReader  new FileReaderfile     BufferedReader bufferedReader  new BufferedReaderfileReader     String line     String[] parts      whileline  bufferedReader.readLine  null          parts  line.split         users.addnew Userparts[1], parts[2], parts[0], parts[4], parts[3], parts[5], parts[6]          fileReader.close   protected void doGetHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response throws ServletException, IOException        see HttpServletdoPostHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response   protected void doPostHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response throws ServletException, IOException      response.setContentTypetexttext     response.setCharacterEncodingUTF8     String json  request.getParameterjsonData      ObjectMapper mapper  new ObjectMapper     User user  mapper.readValuejson, User.class     System.out.printlnuser.getName  user.getPassword      user.getLevel      ifuser.getLevel.equalskorisnik          user  new LoginService.authenticateusers, user.getName, user.getPassword         System.out.printlnPostoji korisnik         HttpSession session  request.getSession         session.setAttributeactiveUser, user          response.getWriter.writetrue          RequestDispatcher requestDispatcher  request.getRequestDispatcherdashboard.jsp         requestDispatcher.forwardrequest, response         System.out.printlnOK         return     else ifuser.getLevel.equalsadmin           user  new LoginService.authenticateadminusers, user.getName, user.getPassword         System.out.printlnPostoji admin         HttpSession session  request.getSession         session.setAttributeactiveUser, user          response.getWriter.writetrue         return     else          System.out.printlnKorisnik ne postoji         response.getWriter.writefalse       codepre  pI tried to redirect with sendRedirect and this didnt work too. I cant find where is the problem, so if can somebody help me.p
Negative 325 pCan someone tell me how this is an exclude p  pAssuming that tableID is auto generated and in columnY there can be value of 0 or 1. This statement should exclude everything were columnY has a value of 1. p  precodeSELECT       FROM [table].[dbo].[one] AS t1 LEFT JOIN [table].[dbo].[one] AS t2      ON t1.ColumnX  t2.ColumnX AND columnY  1 WHERE t1.tableID IS NULL codepre  pSo the table would look something like thisp  precodeID      ColumnX    ColumnY 1        Blue        0 2        Blue        1 3        Red         0  4        Red         0 5        Red         1 codepre
Negative 325 pIm trying to share some text from my android app to FB. Theres no login functionality, just sharing is used.p  pThe text does get shared on FB, but the ShareDialog callback always returns to onSuccess, even if sharing was cancelled.p  pIm using below codep  precodeFB         if ShareDialog.canShowShareLinkContent.class              ShareLinkContent linkContent  new ShareLinkContent.Builder                     .setContentTitlecontentTitle                     .setContentDescription                             message                     .setContentUrlUri.parsecontentUrl                     .build          shareDialog  new ShareDialogmActivity          this part is optional         shareDialog.registerCallbackMainActivity.callbackManager, new FacebookCallbackltSharer.Resultgt              Override             public void onSuccessSharer.Result result                  Toast.makeTextmContext, R.string.yourpostsharedsuccessfully, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                           Override             public void onCancel                            Override             public void onErrorFacebookException e                  e.printStackTrace                                shareDialog.showlinkContent      codepre  pAnd using this in my Activityp  precode Override  public void onActivityResultint requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data        super.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data      callbackManager.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data  codepre  pPlease help. I need to know when post was successfully shared and when it was cancelled. Im using FB sdk 4.1.0.p
Negative 325 pI dont know if title is understandable. Whatever, I have some JMenuItems, and for these Ive set up mouseListener.p  precodemntmExtractPaleographyFeature.addMouseListenerthis codepre  pwhere emmntmExtractPaleographyFeatureem is a JMenuitem and emthisem is the class that implements emMouseListenerem.p  pSo Ive added method for mouseListener likep  precodeOverride public void mouseReleasedMouseEvent arg0      ifarg0.getSourcemntmExtractPaleographyFeature          Code Here      codepre  pNow I have this JButton emextractPaleographyBem that does exact the same thing of the JMenuItem. I dont want to copypaste code two times also because Its not the only buttonjmenuitem. Ive tried withp  precodeextractPaleographyB.addMouseListenermntmExtractPaleographyFeature.getMouseListeners[1] codepre  pbut it doesnt work. Any ideap
Negative 325 pMy iPhone app has a WebView which may sometimes show a URL registered with one of installed applications e.g. Yelp. I want this page to open in my app. Actually, I dont care if the further links will switch to another app, but this first view should remain within our app.p  pI can find some appspecific workarounds, like ema hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions29587313Disable auto deep link transition from UIWebview [SOLVED]aem for Pinterest, but I am looking fo a generic solution.p
Negative 325 pOkay, Im trying to design a mobile version of my site and am stuck on my menu.p  pBasically at the moment Ive got a simple onClick running on the page so if the user decides they dont want to view click whats on the menu then they can click the page and the menu disappears.p  pBut what I really want is a way of using the back button on the browser to return from the menu. Im guessing it takes some kind of event or setting something, but am at a loss.p  pIm a newbie, so be gentle, Im hoping the community can help me a little as to where to start.p  pMy main question is how to use the back button on a browser within my HTML or JavaScript, any ideas as to how to proceed would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 325 pI got the following error messagep  precode ErrorExecution failed for task Project1processBetaDebugManifest.  Manifest merger failed  usessdkminSdkVersion 1 cannot be smaller than version 17 declared in library UsersmotianimProjectmobilewssrcbuildintermediatesexplodedaarsrcProjecctunspecifiedAndroidManifest.xml  Suggestion use toolsoverrideLibraryorg.springframework.android.rest.test to force usage codepre  pI tried following things to solve the issuep  ul liinstalled google apis 17.li lireinstalled the android studio and the reimported the project.li lireboot of complete system.li ul  pIm still having the problem.p
Negative 325 pHow long a string can I fit into the value attribute of a html input fieldp  precodeltinput typetext valuehowlonglonglonglong size21 gt codepre  pIm trying to add comma separated values into a hidden text field  but these values are getting fetched from another developer. I tried to look up for this threshold value in a hrefhttpw3schools.com relnofollowThe Biblea but they dont have it there.p  pPlease help me.p
Negative 325 pLets keep it really simple. Say I created 4 layouts called pageone, pagetwo, pagethree, pagefour. How can you make it so you can swipe through all those pages back and forth horizontally p
Negative 325 pI use some framework which sometimes executes new processes. When it happens cursor for small time 12 sec changes to Loading state globally The same behavior will be if you doubleclick any application icon from desktop. In my case it is bad behavior for example user works in some other programm and cursor somtimes blinks. p  pWhen I run my programm from IDE, cursor never blinks globally, so I think that if IDE can do such exec, I can too, by writing some wrapperexecutor for my process without digging into framework and recompiling it, but how, what function for process executing I need, and what flags need to be used p
Negative 325 pI need to create a background image to used in portrait mode in all iphones. Can I create only one image large enough for iphone 6 1242 x 2208and use that for the rest of iphones as well 4s, 5, 6, and etcp  pwith that said, if I create a such image, then can I just simply place that under 1x, 2X, and 3X in images.xcassets I did a test in xcode and image appears fine in simulator, but not sure if is a right way of doing itp  pThanks Bornap
Negative 325 pI search for a long time to know how to use the Uiautomator tools to  set the search criteria to match the Unicode Text for examplechinese.p  precodeUiScrollable languageItemScrol  new UiScrollable new UiSelector.scrollabletrue   UiObject languageItemOption  languageItemScrol.getChildByText                   new UiSelector.text ,  , true   languageItemOption.clickAndWaitForNewWindow codepre  pYes, I usually test android terminal in different languages I have to know how to use the Uiautomator testing in variety of  languagesp  pWould you tell me how to fix itp
Negative 325 pHow do I add some custom PHP to the post editpage, and get the codepostidcode, when the post is publishedp  pstrongLike this red areastrong img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7zuDW.gif altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pI am getting exceptions in my java code. I want to get the Id from the given name, Id in this case is a primary key. The Mysql query works when I do query in the workbenchp  precodeSELECT clientid FROM client where concatlastname,  , firstname  Hudson Kate codepre  pBut when I use this query in javacodep  precodepublic int getClientIDString name throws SQLException         int ID  0         PreparedStatement myprepStmt  null         ResultSet myRs  null          try              myprepStmt  myConn.prepareStatementSELECT clientid FROM client                       where concatlastname,  , firstname               myprepStmt.setString1, name             myRs  myprepStmt.executeQuery              ID  myRs.getIntclientid this creates a problem           catch Exception e               TODO handle exception             e.printStackTrace                  finally              closemyprepStmt, myRs                   return ID      codepre  pI get this exception p  precodejava.sql.SQLException Before start of result set at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLExceptionSQLError.java998 at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLExceptionSQLError.java937 at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLExceptionSQLError.java926 at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLExceptionSQLError.java872 at com.mysql.jdbc.ResultSetImpl.checkRowPosResultSetImpl.java787 at com.mysql.jdbc.ResultSetImpl.getIntResultSetImpl.java2460 at com.mysql.jdbc.ResultSetImpl.getIntResultSetImpl.java2571 at DBConnection.getClientIDDBConnection.java135 at sample.mainsample.java38 codepre
Negative 325 pI wrote the following piece of code to start an HTTP server, with a future option of being able to start a TCPIP server insteadp  precodeimport SimpleHTTPServer import SocketServer import time import socket  def choose if rawinputWould you like to start an HTTP or TCPIP Server   HTTP     print You have selected HTTP server.     if rawinputIs this correct Use YN to answer.   Y         print          startHTTP     else         choose else     print Goodbye   def startHTTP     PORT  intrawinputWhich port do you want to send out of      Handler  SimpleHTTPServer.SimpleHTTPRequestHandler     httpd  SocketServer.TCPServer, PORT, Handler     print Please wait one moment...     time.sleep2     runHTTPPORT, httpd  def runHTTPPORT, httpd     print Use the following IP address to connect to this server LAN only   [s.connect8.8.8.8, 80, s.getsockname[0], s.close for s in [socket.socketsocket.AFINET, socket.SOCKDGRAM]][0][1] prints local IP address     print Now serving from port , PORT     print To shutdown the server, use the PiServerOff software.     time.sleep2     print      print Any traffic through the server will be recorded and displayed below      httpd.serveforever  choose codepre  pI want to change the directory so that at a future point, no one but the host machine can terminate the server since the PiServer Off software will be installed in the same directory.p  pI found this solution, but it looks to be for a shell, and I do not know how to modify it for my code using Pycharm a hrefhttpwww.tecmint.compythonsimplehttpservertocreatewebserverorservefilesinstantly relnofollowhttpwww.tecmint.compythonsimplehttpservertocreatewebserverorservefilesinstantlyap  precode pushd x01tecmint python m SimpleHTTPServer 9999 popd codepre  pI also found this but it does not seem to answer my question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17414732changedirectorypythonsimplehttpserverusesChange directory Python SimpleHTTPServer usesap  pI was wondering if anyone could share and explain their way of changing the directory without moving the server file, as I want to use this to build an inhome filesharing system.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm currently trying to crate a countdown function in Java.p  pTo start counting I was looking for an Update method like in Unity C, where it calls script every frame which can then decrease the countdown value every frame.p  pIs there any functionmethod or any way to create a similar function in Java.p  pe.g.p  precodefloat countdown  30.0f Update      countdown  Time.deltaTime  codepre  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIm new to Selenium and am trying to understand how to pass parameters to a selenium script.p  pNormally if I call a python script with a parameter like this strongpython myprogram.py myparameterstrong from the command line, I can lookup the parameter in     sys.argv[1] assuming that I import sysp  pAn autogenerated selenium script looks like this I already tried to add sys.argv[1] to itp  precode  coding utf8  from selenium import webdriver from selenium.webdriver.common.by import By from selenium.webdriver.common.keys import Keys from selenium.webdriver.support.ui import Select from selenium.common.exceptions import NoSuchElementException from selenium.common.exceptions import NoAlertPresentException import unittest, time, re import sys   class ParaNunittest.TestCase       def setUpself          self.driver  webdriver.Firefox         self.driver.implicitlywait30         self.baseurl  httpswww.google.de         self.verificationErrors  []         self.acceptnextalert  True      def testparaself          driver  self.driver         driver.getself.baseurl  q  sys.argv[1]         printdriver.currenturl          def iselementpresentself, how, what         try self.driver.findelementbyhow, valuewhat         except NoSuchElementException, e return False         return True      def isalertpresentself         try self.driver.switchtoalert         except NoAlertPresentException, e return False         return True      def closealertandgetitstextself         try             alert  self.driver.switchtoalert             alerttext  alert.text             if self.acceptnextalert                 alert.accept             else                 alert.dismiss             return alerttext         finally self.acceptnextalert  True      def tearDownself         self.driver.quit         self.assertEqual[], self.verificationErrors  if name  main     unittest.main codepre  pThis example is supposed to call google with a parameter as a search term.p  pBut unittest.main doesnt accept parameters and I dont understand what happens when unittest.main runs, yet.p  pWhats the best approach to add parameters to thisp
Negative 325 pI am passing an anonymous type into a dynamic partial view as part of the codemodelcode, and one of the properties is a string that contains some HTML. When I use the codeHtmlHelpercode methods to render the property, the Razor engine is encoding the string, resulting in literal text on the page  codeltigttextltigtcode in this case, instead of the desired emcodetextcodeem.p  pSince it is a dynamically typed View, I cannot call the property directly. Specifically, if I try to bind to codeModel.MyFieldcode, I get a codeRuntimeBindingExceptioncodep  precodeobject does not contain a definition for MyField codepre  pIdeally I could create a type or at least an interface to specify for the view which I recommend as the optimal solution, but my scope of work does not permit this. Plus Im using the codePartial Viewcode in the first place so that I can recycle the template for different types, which have the same property names but not the same type for those properties yay legacy code.p  pI have looked at several related questions that address similar issues, but the answers do not work for my specific situation due to needing the anonymous type passed to my codemodel dynamiccode view. p  ul lipa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq25430648Displaying HTML String from Model in MVC Razor Viewap  ul liLists several failed approaches, settles on creating an codeIHtmlStringcode via codenew HtmlStringstringWithMarkupcode or codeMvcHtmlString.CreatestringWithMarkupcodeli liBoth of which require a known type or local variable, and dont work for binding a property of an anonymous codeobjectcodeli ulli lipa hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma21550868ASP.NET MVC4  display HTML containing string as raw HTMLap  ul liAccepted answer helps explains whats happening   blockquote   pAll the output from helpers and other elements in Razor are put through HttpUtility.HtmlEncode, unless they implement codeIHtmlStringcode.  p blockquoteli ulli ul  h2Attempted solutionsh2  ol lipOkay, so I assume Ill just swap my codeStringcode properties out for one of those codeIHtmlStringcode properties... nope. Since I have anonymous type, the Razor engine doesnt know that codeMyFieldcode is an codeIHtmlStringcode, and I assume calls code.ToStringcode, which is then encoded as usual.pli lipAlright, maybe codeHtml.DisplayForcode is smarter Yes, but access is deniedp  blockquote   pSystem.Web.Mvc.HtmlHelper has no applicable method named DisplayFor but appears to have an extension method by that name. Extension methods cannot be dynamically dispatched. Consider casting the dynamic arguments or calling the extension method without the extension method syntax.p blockquote  pOh, right. Dynamically dispatched  I cant call extension methods on anonymous methods, because Razor doesnt know what they are. Because Im using codemodel dynamiccode to explicitly tell it, Jedistyle, emYou dont need to see its identificationem. If I always knew what type it was, then yes, I could cast the object or call the extension method without using the syntax  but again, codedynamiccode and codeanonymouscode. Sort of a chicken and egg issue here.pli ol
Negative 325 pI am trying to test Hybrid App using Appium. I am not able to inspect ids using Appium inspector or uiautomatorviewer. It shows only one class for app.  I tried to inspect id elements by using web application, but it does not work. So my question would be what is another way to findget app elementsp  pEDITED xpath do not help. Here is my codep  ppublic void findButton          driver.findElementBy.xpathhtmlbodydiv[5]divdivdiv[1]div[1]div[3]div[1]div[2]div[3]div[2]     p
Negative 325 pI want to use OL3Cesium to display the globe view in my WPF application using codeWebBrowsercode control.  The sample html file works fine in my IE 11 browser, but if I run the same file through codeWebBrowsercode control it gives a error saying that The browser supports WebGL but initialization failed in Cesium.js. p  pI made my WPF application compatible with IE 11 by editing key in local machine in registry , but still it did not work. Please help me out with some solution.p
Negative 325 pI have some sales data grouped by codedt, productidcode like thisp  pre classlangpy prettyprintoverridecodeIn [43] sub.head Out[43]                            income dt          productid 20150115  10016          23 20150115  10017          188 20150115  10018          NaN 20150116  10016          188 20150117  10025         1000  this goes on and on... codepre  phow can I view the income of product code10016code in between code20150115code and code20150116code, and its best that I can just slice this huge dataframe using the given MultiIndex, cause the data is relatively large.p
Negative 325 pI m in the beginning with Java EJB.  I have Dynamic web project in eclipce and i want to save object to mysql database. Dont understand why it is not working since i do not have exceptions in my console.  I m using Apache Tomee server wich i had installed in eclipse.p  pMy Entity classp  precodepackage entities import static javax.persistence.GenerationType.IDENTITY import java.io.Serializable import java.io.Serializable import javax.persistence.Column import javax.persistence.Entity import javax.persistence.EntityListeners import javax.persistence.GeneratedValue import javax.persistence.GenerationType import javax.persistence.Id import javax.persistence.NamedQueries import javax.persistence.NamedQuery import javax.persistence.Table  Entity Tablenamebooks public class Book implements Serializable  private static final long serialVersionUID  9009670426767476684L  Id  GeneratedValue    private int id  Columnnamename private String name  public Book           public BookString name      super     this.name  name    public int getId    return id   public void setIdint id    this.id  id   public String getName    return name   public void setNameString name    this.name  name       codepre  pGenericDaoBeanp  precodepackage beans import java.io.Serializable import java.lang.reflect.ParameterizedType import java.util.List import javax.persistence.EntityManager import javax.persistence.PersistenceContext import javax.persistence.Query  public abstract class GenericDaoBeanltT, ID extends Serializablegt implements GenericDaoLocalltT, IDgt   private ClassltTgt entityType  PersistenceContextunitName  facebook protected EntityManager em  SuppressWarningsunchecked public GenericDaoBean      entityType  ClassltTgt ParameterizedType getClass             .getGenericSuperclass.getActualTypeArguments[0]   public ClassltTgt getEntityType      return entityType   public T findByIdID id      T entity     entity  em.findentityType, id     return entity   SuppressWarningsunchecked public ListltTgt findAll      Query q  em.createQuerySELECT x FROM   entityType.getSimpleName               x     ListltTgt result  q.getResultList     return result   SuppressWarningsunchecked public ListltTgt findByString query      Query q  em.createQueryquery     ListltTgt result  q.getResultList     return result   public T persistT entity      em.persistentity     return entity   public T mergeT entity      entity  em.mergeentity     return entity   public void removeT entity      entity  em.mergeentity     em.removeentity   public void flush      em.flush   public void clear      em.clear    codepre  pGenericDaoBeanLocalp  precodepackage beans  import java.io.Serializable import java.util.List  public interface GenericDaoLocalltT, ID extends Serializablegt   public ClassltTgt getEntityType  public T findByIdID id  public ListltTgt findAll  public ListltTgt findByString query  public T persistT entity  public T mergeT entity  public void removeT entity  public void flush  public void clear   codepre  pConrollerp  precodepackage controllers  import java.io.IOException import java.util.Calendar import javax.ejb.EJB import javax.persistence.EntityManager import javax.persistence.PersistenceContext import javax.servlet.ServletException import javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse import beans.BookDaoLocal import entities.Book  public class RegistrationController extends HttpServlet  private static final long serialVersionUID  381026218072249234L  EJB private BookDaoLocal bookDao  Override protected void doGetHttpServletRequest req, HttpServletResponse resp throws ServletException, IOException     Override protected void doPostHttpServletRequest req, HttpServletResponse resp throws ServletException, IOException       String name  req.getParametername     Book b  new Book     b.setNamename     bookDao.persistb    codepre  pIn WebContent under METAINF folder I have persistance.xml and filep  pPersistence.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltpersistence version1.0 xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnspersistence xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocationhttpjava.sun.comxmlnspersistence httpjava.sun.comxmlnspersistencepersistence10.xsdgt   ltpersistenceunit namefacebook transactiontypeJTAgt ltprovidergtorg.apache.openjpa.persistence.PersistenceProviderImplltprovidergt ltjtadatasourcegtfacebookltjtadatasourcegt ltclassgtentities.Bookltclassgt  ltpropertiesgt         ltproperty nameopenjpa.Log valueDefaultLevelWARN, RuntimeINFO, ToolINFO, SQLTRACEgt          ltproperty nameopenjpa.jdbc.SynchronizeMappings valuebuildSchemaForeignKeystruegt         ltproperty nameopenjpa.jdbc.SchemaFactory valuenativeForeignKeystrue gt          ltproperty nameopenjpa.jdbc.EagerFetchMode valuejoingt         ltltproperty name openjpa.RuntimeUnenhancedClasses valueunsupported gtgt ltpropertiesgt       codepre  p p  pIn my src I have jndi.properties filep  precode java.naming.factory.initialorg.apache.openejb.client.RemoteInitialContextFactory java.naming.provider.urlhttp127.0.0.18080tomeeejb codepre  pIn my console I havep  precodeINFO Server startup in 4161 ms 10092  facebook  INFO   [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.Runtime  Starting OpenJPA 2.4.0nonfinal1598334 11626  facebook  TRACE  [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.jdbc.SQL  ltt 1249135181, conn 2120544240gt executing prepstmnt 598104600 SELECT   SEQUENCESCHEMA, SEQUENCENAME FROM INFORMATIONSCHEMA.SYSTEMSEQUENCES 11626  facebook  TRACE  [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.jdbc.SQL  ltt 1249135181, conn 2120544240gt [0 ms] spent 11645  facebook  TRACE  [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.jdbc.SQL  ltt 1249135181, conn 2120544240gt executing prepstmnt 726242714 SELECT SEQUENCESCHEMA, SEQUENCENAME FROM INFORMATIONSCHEMA.SYSTEMSEQUENCES 11646  facebook  TRACE  [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.jdbc.SQL  ltt 1249135181, conn 2120544240gt [1 ms] spent 11794  facebook  TRACE  [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.jdbc.SQL  ltt 1249135181, conn 811560660gt executing prepstmnt 1999826151 SELECT SEQUENCEVALUE FROM PUBLIC.OPENJPASEQUENCETABLE WHERE ID   [params] 11794  facebook  TRACE  [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.jdbc.SQL  ltt 1249135181, conn 811560660gt [0 ms] spent 11795  facebook  TRACE  [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.jdbc.SQL  ltt 1249135181, conn 811560660gt executing prepstmnt 344473922 UPDATE PUBLIC.OPENJPASEQUENCETABLE SET SEQUENCEVALUE   WHERE ID   AND SEQUENCEVALUE   [params, , ] 11797  facebook  TRACE  [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.jdbc.SQL  ltt 1249135181, conn 811560660gt [2 ms] spent 11813  facebook  TRACE  [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.jdbc.SQL  ltt 1249135181, conn 1798001212gt executing prepstmnt 1563539472 INSERT INTO PUBLIC.books ID, NAME VALUES ,  [params, ] 11814  facebook  TRACE  [httpbio8080exec7] openjpa.jdbc.SQL  ltt 1249135181, conn 1798001212gt [1 ms] spent codepre  pAnd in tomee.xml datasource for tomeep  precodeltResource idfacebook typeDataSourcegt   JdbcDriver com.mysql.jdbc.Driver   JdbcUrl jdbcmysql127.0.0.13306facebookautoReconnecttrue   UserName root   Password root   JtaManaged true ltResourcegt  codepre  pWhat sould I add or remove to make code from controller work persist object in my databasep  p2Second situation i have with this is Since nothing is persist in database it is very strange for me when i try to query records from the same table in which i tried to persist, as a result i got the list of all names that i have tried to save in table. All the names I tried to save in dbase, which are not in dbase are listed now in my jsp My test.jsp isp  precodelt page languagejava contentTypetexthtml charsetISO88591 pageEncodingISO88591gt lt taglib urihttpjava.sun.comjspjstlsql prefixsql gt lt taglib urihttpjava.sun.comjspjstlcore prefixc gt ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD HTML 4.01 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRhtml4loose.dtdgt  ltsqlquery varrs dataSourcejdbcfacebookgt     select name from books ltsqlquerygt  lthtmlgt   ltheadgt     lttitlegtDB Testlttitlegt   ltheadgt   ltbodygt    lth2gtResultslth2gt   ltcforEach varrow itemsrs.rowsgt     Name row.nameltbrgt  ltcforEachgt     ltbodygt lthtmlgt  codepre  pThis means than datasource contain these data Why is this happening How to make my data be saved to database Any help... I m new to this and all help will be precious p
Negative 325 pHow can I get these two divs to align in a row horizontally and keep the codeformgroupcode intactp  pNo matter what kind of colmssizing I do the two input groups will not align on the same line and I believe this is only happening because of the codeformgroupcode class.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltlink hrefhttpsmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.combootstrap3.3.5cssbootstrap.min.css relstylesheet gt ltdiv classcontainergt   ltdiv classcontainerfluid ngcontrollerPriceController as formCtrlgt     ltform classformhorizontal roleform ngsubmitprocessFormgt       ltdiv classformgroupgt         ltlabel forinputPrice classcolsm1 controllabelgtPriceltlabelgt         ltdiv classcolsm5 inputgroupgt ltspan classinputgroupaddongtltspangt            ltinput typetext classformcontrol idinputPrice nameinputPricegt ltspan classinputgroupaddongt.95ltspangt          ltdivgt         ltlabel forinputDate classcolsm1 controllabelgtDateltlabelgt         ltdiv classcolsm5 inputgroupgt           ltinput typetext classformcontrol idinputDate nameinputDate placeholderDategt           ltdiv classinputgroup inputgroupbtngt             ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault dropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngtDate ltspan classcaretgtltspangt             ltbuttongt             ltul classdropdownmenu dropdownmenuright rolemenugt               ltligtlta href iddateTodaygtTodayltagt               ltligt               ltligtlta href iddateTomorrowgtTomorrowltagt               ltligt             ltulgt           ltdivgt         ltdivgt       ltdivgt   ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgtcodepre div div p
Negative 325 pThis is the signature for the codeOkcode method in codeApiControllercodep  precodeprotected internal virtual OkResult Ok codepre  pAnd this is my method from my codeRestControllercode class which extends from codeApiControllercodep  precode Note that Im not overriding base method protected IHttpActionResult Okstring message  null codepre  pSince codeOkResultcode implements codeIHttpActionResultcode, both of these methods can be called like thisp  precodeIHttpActionResult result  Ok codepre  pIn fact, thats what Im doing in my application.p  pMy class codePersistenceRestControllercode which extends from codeRestControllercode, has these lines of codep  precodeprotected override async TaskltIHttpActionResultgt DeleteKey id      bool deleted  ... Attempts to delete entity     ifdeleted return Ok     else return NotFound  codepre  pThis compiles fine, and no warning is raised about method ambiguity. Why is thatp  pcodePersistenceRestControllercode has also inherited the protected methods from codeApiControllercode so it should have both versions of codeOkcode and it does.p  pAt execution, the method executed is the one from my codeRestControllercode.p  pHow does the compiler know which method to runp
Negative 325 pI want to run a php check for some strongspecificstrong running processes I know their exe name, they are my little C programs and there can be more of them, detect which are not answeringresponding and kill them. PHP5.4, Windowsp  h2What I already knowh2  p1.To strongget list of processesstrong Im using a hrefhttpphp.netmanualenbook.win32ps.php relnofollowwin32psa extension  a hrefhttpphp.netmanualenfunction.win32pslistprocs.php relnofollowcodewin32pslistprocscodea br  that gives me easy access to strongPIDstrong and strongEXEstrong name br2.strongKilling the processstrong Im not sure if this is the best solution on Windows, please tell me if theres a better way... p  precodesystemtaskkill f pid .pid. im .exename forces to kill process with given pid and image name mask codepre  h1What I dont knowh1  pIs how to detect if process is not responding or not. This check is rather scheduled  so I have no problem with e.g. saving some current state data and comparing them with state data collected in the next run of this check.p
Negative 325 pI am implementing a ring buffer. But when I use codeprintfcode a lot of junk appears after what I wantp  precode    char dados1  XXXX     char dados2  YYYY     char target1[4]     char target2[1]     RingBuffer BufferemAnel  RingBuffercreate10      RingBufferwriteBufferemAnel, dados1, 4     RingBufferreadBufferemAnel, target1, 4     printfactual buffer s n, BufferemAnelgtbuffer     printfCharacters from reads n, target1ltXXXXlotsofjunk codepre  pIn the debugging info, everything looks fine. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com96XzK.png altenter image description herep
Negative 325 pHi all quick question for you.p  pI have an SSIS2012 package that is reading a flat file .csv and is loading it into a SQL Server database table. However, I am getting an error for one of the columns when loading the OLEDB Destinationp  p[Flat File Source [32]] Error Data conversion failed. The data conversion for column ActiveFlag returned status value 2 and status text The value could not be converted because of a potential loss of data..p  pI am wondering if this is because in the flat file which is comma delimited, the values are literally spelled out TRUE or FALSE. The advanced page on the flat file properties has it set to DTBOOL which I thought was right. It was on DTSTRING originally, and that wasnt working either. p  pIn the SQL server table the column is set up as a bit, and allows nulls. Is this because it is literally typed out TRUEFALSE Whats the easiest way to fix thisp  pThanks for any advice p
Negative 325 pI want to make a contact list type deal where you click a button and a new input is appended to a form, and then it is printed on the page with php. However, every time I resubmit the form the previous input values that are echoed disappear. How do I make it so that whenever I resubmit the form, the php echoes the inputs by adding it onto the page without replacing the older inputs that were echoed p  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt     lttitlegtContactslttitlegt     ltmeta charsetUTF8gt     ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1.0gt     ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefstylesheet3.cssgt     ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss href..bootstrap.cssgt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.comfontawesome4.3.0cssfontawesome.min.cssgt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefstylesheet4.css typetextcssgt     ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.3jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srchttpsmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.combootstrap3.3.1jsbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltphp if issetPOST[submit]      addresses  POST[apartments]     units  POST[numunits]     for x  0 x lt countaddresses x          echo addresses[x] .   . units[x] . ltbrgtltbrgt       gt ltbodygt      lth3gt lth3gt     ltdiv idbuttoncontainergt         ltdiv idbuttoncontainercontainergt             ltbutton idaddbuttongt                 lti idaddicon classfa faplussquare fa2xgtltigt             ltbuttongt             ltpgtAdd an apartmentltpgt         ltdivgt         ltinput nameEdit typebutton valueSave ideditsavebuttongt     ltdivgt     ltform action methodpost idsomeformgt         ltdiv idlabelsgt             ltdiv stylemarginleft0 margintop20px textalignleftgt                 ltpgtApartment Addressltpgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv stylemarginleft0 margintop40px textindent240pxgt                 ltpgt of Unitsltpgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltinput typesubmit namesubmitgt     ltformgt     ltscriptgt         function               var template       ltinput nameapartments[] typetext placeholderApartment Address classnewapartmentinput1gtn     ltinput namenumunits[] typetext placeholder of units classnumunitsgtn     ltbrgtltbrgtltbrgtltbrgt,                     index  input.length,                     compiledtemplate              [nameEdit].onclick, function                   var prev  input,                         ro  prev.propreadonly                 prev.propreadonly, ro.focus                 this.valro  Save  Edit                           addbutton.clickfunction                   compiledtextarea  template.replaceINDEX, index                 someform.appendcompiledtextarea                 index  index  1                           ltscriptgt ltbodygt codepre  pp
Negative 325 pHow can I capture the SQL queries generated in an Oracle Database during an event  If possible suggest a way to use Fiddler. Any other ways are also welcome.p
Negative 325 pI Was just reading this post a hrefhttpblogs.msdn.combdotnetarchive20141204introducingnetcore.aspx relnofollowhttpblogs.msdn.combdotnetarchive20141204introducingnetcore.aspxap  pIt left me a bit confused since the first picture in the article seems to imply that .NET desktop apps and ASP.NET dont share the same framework implementation. I was always under the impression that it was. Any ideasp
Negative 325 pIve written a custom voter to check if a user is the owner of a book, that hes trying to edit. Therefore im using the Security annotation to secure the Controllerp  precodeSecurityisgrantedBookVoterATTRIBUTEOWNER, book codepre  pThis is what I would like to have the Security annotation look like, but it is only working when I write the followingp  precodeSecurityisgrantedOWNER, book codepre  pI dont want to hardcode the OWNER string, it is a constant within my BookVoter. Any ideas how to achieve thisp  pRegards.p
Negative 325 pThe codeDataKeyNamescode property in GridViewEmp is composed of 3 fields emEmpIdem, emJobNumberem, emCourseIdem. I would like to retrieve the value of emJobNumberem.p  pSo on codeGridView.RowEditingcode, I tried out the following snippet and I get the value of emEmpIdem the first value of codeDataKeyNamescode. But Im not sure how to retrieve emJobNumberem or emCourseIdemp  precodeprotected void EditGridViewobject sender, GridViewEditEventArgs e      string empId  GridViewEmp.DataKeys[e.NewEditIndex].Value.ToString  codepre  pI also need to get the other 2 values, but not sure how.p  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI am facing an issue while retrieving some data from sql.p  pI have two table table1 and table2.p  pTable1 is my master table. Please refer the below table strucure.a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comQqMna.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQqMna.png altenter image description hereap  pTable2 structurep  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comnSL0t.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comnSL0t.png altenter image description hereap  pI need to get a output like p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com0SKnN.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0SKnN.png altenter image description hereap  pPlease help mep  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI try to make one simple demo  using this a hrefhttpwww.spiceforms.comblogcreatebreadcrumbnavigationwithcss3 relnofollowlinka I am able to make this as understand better  here is a hrefhttpcodepen.ioanonpenbdmYBv relnofollowdemoa But when I integrate it my application it break .Mean display half in form of cut pieces  .why  CSS is not applied in that  Actually my breadcrumb not display as it display in my demo .I think ionic css is conflict  my style css can we make this demo with ionic  how to resolve this issue  p  phere is my live application a hrefhttpcodepen.ioanonpenKpGyNG relnofollowdemo urla p  p[[enter image description here][4]][4]p  precodemybreadcrumbs ul li          liststylenone           mybreadcrumbs          margintop 44px         marginleft 10px           mybreadcrumbs ul li a          display block         float left         height 25px         background grey         textalign center         padding 15px 20px 0 20px         position relative         margin 0 22.5px 0 0         fontfamily Open Sans, Helvetica, Arial, sansserif         fontsize 12px         textdecoration none         color fff            mybreadcrumbs ul li aafter          content          bordertop 20px solid transparent         borderbottom 20px solid transparent         borderleft 20px solid grey         position absolute right 20px top 0            mybreadcrumbs ul li abefore          content          position absolute          margintop 15px         borderwidth 20px 0 20px 20px         borderstyle solid         bordercolor grey grey grey transparent         left 20px             Hide the Before Pseudo Element      mybreadcrumbs ul lifirstchild abefore          display none        Add Border Radius      mybreadcrumbs ul lifirstchild a      borderbottomrightradius 1px      codepre
Negative 325 pIve got a list of unique Urls that essentially generate XLS files that I would like to all download at the same time. Ive tried using the answer to this post a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16514027downloadmultiplefilesasyncandwaitforallofthemtofinishbeforeexecutinDownload multiple files async and wait for all of them to finish before executing the rest of the codea to no avail... I think it is because I am trying to download files that all require the same codeCookieContainercode and session information. In other words, this is behind a logged in  authenticated session.p  pHere is what I wantp  ol liDownload each file in the list and then process it after the individual file is completed downloadingli liWait for all of the files to be finished downloading and processing 2.li ol  pIm using Fiddler to watch the files as they download, and it seems that some start to download, but almost all of them dont. Sometimes, it returns an error saying that the remote host ended the session, however, I know that the remote host can handle these multiple requests.p  pHow do I set all of these files to download at the same time behind the authenticated sessionp
Negative 325 pthe document says about codedictcodep  pcodeobject.dictcodep  pA dictionary or other mapping object used to store an objects writable attributes.p  pSo my question is, how to determine if an object is a writable object, and what are the differences between writable and mutable.p  pHere is the codep  precodenum  1 num.dict AttributeError int object has no attribute dict  class MyClassobject     pass myclass  MyClass myclass.dict  codepre
Negative 325 pIm look over some code at  work and I have a member method that is being called. However the the class of the object does not contain the implementation nor the prototype for the method. The Eclipse debugger doesnt work for me and codepdb.settracecode isnt stopping at the function. Does anyone know how I can find the member methodp  precodeself.confirmTrueobject.memberMethod codepre
Negative 325 pIm working on a project using actionscript and Flex. For some reason I have a problem importing the strongcom.adobe.serialization.json.JSONstrong class. When Im working only with the FlexSDK files and try to use it Im getting the following errorp  blockquote   pError142, 70 [..] Error code 1120 Access of undefined property   JSON.p blockquote  pAnd of course IntelliJ marks this file and the import in red.p  pOn the other hand when I import the strongcorelib.swcstrong that includes this file I get the following errorp  blockquote   pError[..] Can not resolve a multiname reference unambiguously. JSON   from VolumesbackupFlexSDKframeworkslibsairairglobal.swcJSON,   Walker and com.adobe.serialization.jsonJSON from   Volumesbackup...libscorelib.swccom.adobe.serialization.jsonJSON   are available.p blockquote  pWhat is going on here How can I solve thisp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 325 pI would like to make an Android app that would send and receive plaintext messages from a server on a computer. I tried using sockets but I cant send messages back to the server, only receive them.p  pIs there a builtin way to communicate with a computerp  pThank youp
Negative 325 pI have tried to test my application which uses bluetooth using Robollectric. But when I try to get the BluetoothManager I always get null back in Roboletric.p  pThe following is how Im trying to get the Bluetooth Manager inside my class in Robolectric.p  precodefinal BluetoothManager bluetoothManager  BluetoothManager context.getSystemServiceContext.BLUETOOTHSERVICE codepre  pIt feels like Im missing something simple in the setup for Robolectric The following is the annontations used to setup the class.p  precodeConfig  sdk  Build.VERSIONCODES.KITKAT  , manifest  srcmainAndroidManifest.xml  RunWithRobolectricTestRunner.class codepre
Negative 325 pwhat i am trying to do... is a simple script that connects to sql server, picks some info from database and posts it in small table in the website. Ive faced the problem that if sql server is offline it happens then it timeouts in 60 secs and shows an error. By that time, website is unavailable for few minutes. What i want to do is to give timeout value from 60secs to example 2 and if it fails, to show an message like Could not connect The script looks like p  precode    ltphp dbserver[IPADDRESS]  dbloginroot        dbpass[PASSWORD]      dbname[DATABASENAME]                  mysqlconnectdbserver, dblogin, dbpass             mysqlselectdbdbname             mysqlquerySET NAMES utf8              vypis   mysqlquerySELECT  FROM characters WHERE accesslevel lt 1 order by pkkills desc LIMIT 5              echo lttable styletextalign center width 220px border0gtlttrgtlttdgtltcentergtNickltcentergtlttdgtlttdgtlttdgtlttdgtKillslttdgtlttrgt      whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayvypis                              echo lttrgtlttdgtltbgtltfont colorwhitegt             echo row[charname]             echo ltfontgtlttdgtlttdgtampnbspampnbsplttdgtlttdgtltfont colorwhitegt             echo row[pkkills]             echo ltfontgtlttdgtlttrgtltbgt  echo lttablegt gt codepre  pAny help or tip is highly appreciated.p
Negative 325 pI am retrieving a handful of LDAP Active Directory properties for about 10,000 users. I know that AD queries arent the fastest in the world but at the 19 minute mark almost exactly the program stops processing and about 15 minutes after that I get the error p  blockquote   pA device attached to the system is no longer functioningp blockquote  pon the codeDirectorySearcher.FindOnecode method.p  pI dont think Im doing anything weird in the code but Im wondering if I need to rewrite this to a codeFindAllcode and then parse though that list.p  precodesearcher.Filter  sAMAccountName  u.LogonName    string[] properties  new string[]                           givenName,                 sn,                 displayName,                 mail,                 physicalDeliveryOfficeName,                 division,                 grpDivision            searcher.PropertiesToLoad.AddRangeproperties  SearchResult result  searcher.FindOne codepre  pIt doesnt stop on the same user every time and on the user it does stop on Ive checked their attributes for anything that stands out and cant find anything out of the ordinary. p  pAs you can imagine it gets quite tedious debugging in 35 minute increments so Im hoping someone has seen this before or know about some hidden Active Directory connection time limit.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI have created a number guessing game, where a user chooses a range of numbers to guess from, and when the user inputs a number, the program will respond if they are too high or too low, until the user guesses correctly. The program currently takes the number of attempts, and the time taken into account. There are also different difficulties the higher the difficulty the more numbers to guess from. I have tried to create a scoring system but I need a little more help with the math side. Right now I have this code that generates a scorep  precodedef scorertries, totaltime, difficulty      Tells the user how much time and how many attempts were made     print nCorrect It took you   strroundtotaltime, 2              seconds and   strtries   tries to guess.n       Calculates score, making lower times and fewer      tries yield a higher score      Difmod takes into account the difficulty      Multiply by 1000 to make number more readable     score  1  1  tries  roundtotaltime, 2  1000  difmoddifficulty[1]       Prints the score, rounded to 1 decimal place     print Score   strroundscore, 2 codepre  pcodetriescode and codetotaltimecode are selfexplanatory, and codedifmodcode is a value I made to try to make the score fairer to higher difficulties. The value of codedifmodcode is higher, the higher difficulty there is. As shown here p  precodedef difmoddifficulty     if difficulty  1         return [10, 1]      elif difficulty  2         return [50, 1.5]      elif difficulty  3         return [100, 2]      elif difficulty  4         return [1000, 10]      elif difficulty  5         return [10000, 20]      elif difficulty  0         return [1, 1] codepre  pThe first value in the list is the highest possible number to guess from, the second item in the list is codedifmodcode. These are all placeholder values and I want to figure out what I should use for them. p  pMy main aim is to make a score higher based on fewer attempts and less time taken, but to also reward a user with a higher score if they are on a higher difficulty.p
Negative 325 pI cant access from AsyncTask to Application Class, or issue with SharedPreferences with last updated data, etc..p  pBasically strongwhy I need my Global variable is to keep track currently active activitystrong, and it should be accessable from any type of class, like strongActivitystrong, strongAsyncTaskstrong, strongServicestrong, strongReceiverstrong, strongApplicationstrong, Etc...p  pstrongI know there is lot of questionsanswers in here, but none of those helped me.strongp  pI tried several ways to do this, but couldnt find any real resolution for this.p  pWith strongSharedPreferencesstrong, I can use it, but after preferences updated and readed, returned previous value, works only after restart app.p  pWith strongApplication Classstrong, no luck, cant access to Application from AsyncTask and servicep  pstrongServicestrong runs strongAsyncTaskstrong on every 5sec, and AsyncTask should know if MainActivity is opened and running, so it can update contents to it.p  pI got pretty much everything working but, with this, I spend way too many hours on searching.p  pSo please, if anybody can help me with this, it would be nice. p  pstrongHere is little example how I do..strongp  pstrongMainActivity.javastrongp  precodepublic class MainActivity extends Activity      private boolean active  false     SharedPreferences prefs      protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.mainactivity          this.prefs  context.getSharedPreferencescom.my.app, Context.MODEPRIVATE         storeActivityMainActivity          this.active  true          App this.getApplication.setTopActivityMainActivity           public void storeActivityString TOPACTIVITY          SharedPreferences.Editor editor  prefs.edit         editor.putStringTOPACTIVITY, TOPACTIVITY         editor.apply         editor.commit                      Override     public void onResume          super.onResume         App this.getApplication.setTopActivityMainActivity         this.active  true         storeActivityMainActivity           Override     public void onPause          super.onPause         App this.getApplication.setTopActivity         this.active  false         storeActivity          Override     public void onStart          super.onStart         App this.getApplication.setTopActivityACTIVITYNAME         this.active  true         storeActivityMainActivity          Override     public void onStop          super.onStop         App this.getApplication.setTopActivity         this.active  false         storeActivity        codepre  pHere is my Application Object,p  pstrongApp.javastrongp  precodepublic class App extends Application      private String TOPACTIVITY      public String getTopActivity          return TOPACTIVITY          public void setTopActivityString CURRENTACTIVITY          this.TOPACTIVITY  CURRENTACTIVITY          public static Application getApplication          return new App       codepre  pAnd here is some AsyncTask getting information from serverp  pstrongSocket.javastrongp  precodepublic class SocketUpdater extends AsyncTaskltString,Void,Stringgt      private Context context     private SharedPreferences prefs      public SocketUpdaterContext context          this.context  context         this.prefs  context.getSharedPreferencescom.my.app, Context.MODEPRIVATE           Override     protected String doInBackgroundString... arg0          StringBuffer result  new StringBuffer         return new Stringresult           Override     protected void onPostExecuteString result          Toast.makeTextcontext, RESULT   result, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show          String TOPACTIVITY  App this.getApplication.getTopActivity          THIS CANT WORK, NO this.getApplication          boolean MainActivityActive  MainActivity.active          THIS RETURNS ME FALSE ALL THE TIME          SharedPreferences.Editor editor  prefs.edit         String PREFTOPACTIVITY  prefs.getStringTOPACTIVITY,                       ifMainActivityActive               Toast.makeTextcontext, NEVER FIRES, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                   ifTOPACTIVITY.equalsMainActivity              Toast.makeTextcontext, NEVER FIRES, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                   ifPREFTOPACTIVITY.equalsMainActivity              Toast.makeTextcontext, NEVER FIRES, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                  codepre
Negative 325 pWhen using the Filter function from the Edition menu in Excel 2007, little arrows shows on the bottom right of the header cells. When clicking on one, a list of every different value from that column popup with the option to select them.p  pimg srchttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comssgr53mp13zdle8kfilter.pngraw1 altFilter examplep  pHow can you get thoses values and loop throug them using VBAp  pIve tried this  p  precodeDim Filter As Range For Each Filter In RangeCells2, 1, Cells2, 1.EndxlDown.SpecialCellsxlCellTypeVisible.Cells     MsgBox Filter.value Next Filter codepre  pBut it dosent work it loop trough all the cells of the column. Maybe its because the arrow is not clicked when running the macro. Ive found the this codeFor Eachcode loop in a hrefhttpbytes.comtopicvisualbasicanswers634196howdoigetfiltervaluesvba relnofollowa posta talking about Excel 2002.p  p[EDIT]p  pThe following is not the solution that Im looking for, as it takes far more time to execute than the native Excel way, but it is an acceptable workaround.p  precodeDim values As New Collection Dim RowCount As Long RowCount  CellsRows.Count, A.EndxlUp.Row Dim IsUnique As Boolean For i  2 To RowCount     IsUnique  True     For Each value In values         If value  RangeA amp i.value Then             IsUnique  False         End If     Next value     If IsUnique Then         values.Add RangeA amp i.value     End If Next i codepre
Negative 325 pI have a simple codeSplitDateTimecode fieldp  pcodemeetingdatetimestart  forms.SplitDateTimeFieldinputdateformats[a dmY], inputtimeformats[IM p]codep  pThis renders the following HTMLp  precodeltinput ididmeetingdatetimestart0 namemeetingdatetimestart0 typetextgt ltinput ididmeetingdatetimestart1 namemeetingdatetimestart1 typetextgt codepre  pI am using bootstrap, and want to add a custom template to render this HTML differently, such asp  precodeltdiv classcolxs2gt    ltinput ididmeetingdatetimestart0 namemeetingdatetimestart0 typetextgt ltdivgt ltdiv classcolxs3gt     ltinput ididmeetingdatetimestart1 namemeetingdatetimestart1 typetextgt ltdivgt codepre  pHow can I modify the basic Django template for the codeSplitDateTimeFieldcodep
Negative 325 pI want to render a local MD2 model file, not from installation package. And I tried to use LoaderMD2.LoaderMD2RajawaliRenderer renderer, File file constructor to load a local MD2 file, but this constructor doesnt have TextureManager parameter, this made my 3D model doesnt have texture see below picture, how can I send this TextureManager parameter to LoaderMD2obj a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comsQzJR.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsQzJR.png altenter image description hereap  precodeprivate final class Sprite2AnimationRenderer extends AExampleRenderer      private DirectionalLight mLight     private VertexAnimationObject3D mOgre      public Sprite2AnimationRendererContext context          supercontext           Override     protected void initScene          mLight  new DirectionalLight         mLight.setPower1         mLight.setLookAt0, 0, 0         mLight.enableLookAt         getCurrentScene.addLightmLight         getCurrentCamera.setPosition0, 0, 8          File skRoot  Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory         String path  skRoot.getPath  ogro.md2         File spriteFile  new Filepath         if spriteFile.exists              Log.iAnimation, FBX file is exist.                   LoaderMD2 parser  new LoaderMD2this, spriteFile          try              parser.parse             mOgre  VertexAnimationObject3D parser                     .getParsedAnimationObject             mOgre.setScale.07f             mOgre.setY1              getCurrentScene.addChildmOgre             mOgre.play          catch ParsingException e              e.printStackTrace                codepre
Negative 325 pMeteorJS absolute noob here, so be gentle... p  pI am trying to build a one page web app, and I am using the a hrefhttpsatmospherejs.comironrouter relnofollowironroutera.p  pThe idea is that there are a few divs in the page, lets say 3, one for the menu, one which never changes and one where the content should change based on the menu selection.p  pIn a regular page I would just load the content in that one div. But with meteorrouter I figured I would use the codelayoutTemplatecode feature and put the common parts in one template, then call another one with codegt yieldcode.p  pstrongProblem 1strong That worked fine when I only had the room template, but as soon as I introduced the user template, it just wont load  It loads for a moment and then skips back to the room, visibly reloads the room. Now, ofcourse Im doing something wrong, I just dont see what p  pstrongProblem 2strong It actually reloads the entire page whenever it loads user and then goes back to room, which means it disconnects and reconnects every time, is there a way to avoid that and to actually keep it as one page app that stays connected and only loads some template into a divp  prouter.jsp  precodeRouter.configure     notFoundTemplate 404   Router.mapfunction       this.route,          path ,         layoutTemplate welcome,         onBeforeAction function pause              if checkLogin                  Router.goroom              else                  this.next                           ,     this.routewelcome,          path welcome,         layoutTemplate welcome,         onBeforeAction function pause              if checkLogin                  Router.goroom              else                  this.next                           ,     this.routeroom,          path room,         layoutTemplate base,         onBeforeAction baseAction     ,     this.routeuser,          path user,         layoutTemplate base,         onBeforeAction baseAction        function baseActionpause      if checkLogin          Router.gowelcome      else          this.next        function checkLogin      return Meteor.user  true  false  codepre  pbase.jsp  precodeTemplate.base.events     click menulogout function           Meteor.logout     ,     click menuroom function           window.location.href  room     ,     click menuuser function           window.location.href  user       codepre  pbase.htmlp  precodelttemplate namebasegt     ltdiv idmenugt         lttable styleheight 33px width 100gt             lttrgt                 lttd idmenuroomgtltimg srcimglogo.png gtlttdgt                 lttd idmenuusergtmelttdgt                 lttd idmenulogoutgtlogoutlttdgt             lttrgt         lttablegt     ltdivgt     ltdiv idcontentgtgt yieldltdivgt     ltdiv idlistgtgt tmpListltdivgt lttemplategt codepre  proom.htmlp  precodelttemplate nameroomgt     room data lttemplategt codepre  puser.htmlp  precodelttemplate nameusergt     user data lttemplategt codepre
Negative 325 pFor one of my Android projects, I decided to take as much functionality out in a standard Java library module, as possible. One of my dependencies is rxAndroid which depends on rxJava. I noticed that the rxJava classes load normally by Gradle, but the rxAndroidspecific ones do not. The reason, I assume is that rxAndroid uses aar, and my library module uses only the java plugin, i.e. it does not know how to unpack it.p  pWhat would be a way around this If no clean way is possible, I would simply take the Androidspecific rxAndroid back in the main app, and my library will rely only on rxJava.p
Negative 325 pIve been playing around with Meteor lately, and my most recent project is just a simple Google map where you can add and delete markers. I wanted to play around with storing and persisting custom data on these markers. I called it shoutout, with the idea being that I could store user inputted text on a marker on the map and display that text on click. The marker objects look likep  precode      var marker  new google.maps.Marker         draggable true,         animation google.maps.Animation.DROP,         position new google.maps.LatLngdocument.lat, document.lng,         map map.instance,         id document.id,         shoutout null        codepre  pWhat I initially tried was thisp  precode      google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, functionevent          ifmarker.shoutout  null            var text  prompttext here           marker.shoutout  text           Markers.updatemarker.id, set  shoutout text           else            alertmarker.shoutout                 codepre  pThis works to set the shoutout attribute on any marker on the map, but after refreshing the shoutout values set all return to null and the conditional is tripped as if no text were ever set.p  pUpon trying the code below I was able to persist the shoutout, but only on the very first marker a shoutout was added to. After adding a shoutout all other markers would alert undefined when clicked on, presumably because theyre initialized with that attribute as null.p  precode      google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, functionevent          ifMarkers.findOneid marker.id.shoutout  null            var text  prompttext here           marker.shoutout  text           Markers.updatemarker.id, set  shoutout text           else            alertMarkers.findOneid marker.id.shoutout                 codepre  pSo Im a little confused here, am I dealing with two different objects One being the marker object on the map, and the other being a separate object in the Mongo collection with the same id Or am I just not using update correctly p  pEDIT I figured it out, the line that was actually saving objects to the DB wasp  precodeMarkers.insert lat event.latLng.lat, lng event.latLng.lng codepre  pSo I just added a shoutout attribute here, to the object actually entering the collection. Then the codep  precode      google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, functionevent          ifMarkers.findOneid marker.id.shoutout  null            var text  prompttext here           marker.shoutout  text           Markers.updateid marker.id, set  shoutout text           else            alertMarkers.findOneid marker.id.shoutout                 codepre  pworked perfectly. It did end up being an issue of me being confused on what object was being stored in the DB.p
Negative 325 pI am retrieving multiple encrypted data with the help of some ajax queries, and performing some manipulation to transform all theses encrypted chunks into a valid video. And now that I have the binary of the video in memory, I am stuck. How can I display it p  pJust to be sure, I have replicated all theses steps on the server side, and the final output is really a playable video. So my only problem is to display my javascript binary object as a video.p  pI am doing my best to use only web technologies html5, video tag, javascript and I would like to avoid developing my own custom player in flash, which is my very last solution.p  pif you have an idea, Im interested. For my part, I am out of imagination.p
Negative 325 pI have the following model setupp  precode   class Tale lt ActiveRecordBase    hasmany taleculturejoins    hasmany cultures, through taleculturejoins, dependent destroy, crud true, index true    hasmany talepurposejoins    hasmany purposes, through talepurposejoins, dependent destroy, crud true, index true    hasmany talebookjoins    hasmany books, through talebookjoins, dependent destroy, crud true, index true    hasmany talekeywordjoins    hasmany keywords, through talekeywordjoins, dependent destroy, crud true, index true    hasmany talecharacterjoins    hasmany characters, through talecharacterjoins, dependent destroy, crud true, index true    hasmany talemoraljoins    hasmany morals, through talemoraljoins, dependent destroy, crud true    hasmany values, through morals, index true    hasmany taleeventjoins    hasmany events, through taleeventjoins, dependent destroy, crud true     end     Tale gt Moral gt Value    Tale1 gt Moral1,2    Moral1 gt Value1,2    Moral2 gt Value2,3    Tale1.values  gt [1,2,2,3] codepre  pI understand the reasoning behind it, can I configure rails to not only return but also querybuild up the return value with uniqs so that uniq condition is passed to sql query itselfp
Negative 325 precodeinclude ltiostreamgt  using namespace std  void showmenu       cout ltlt Welcome ltlt endl     cout ltlt 1 Match lineup ltlt endl     cout ltlt 2 Match result ltlt endl     cout ltlt 3 Quit program ltlt endl    int selection       cout ltlt Select option ltlt endl      int input     cin gtgt input      return input   int process int x      switchx          case 1         cout ltlt Line ups ltlt endl     case 2         cout ltlt Arsenal 3  Crystal Palace 0 ltlt endl     case 3         cout ltlt Quitting ltlt endl     default         cout ltlt Select Option1 ltlt endl         int main       showmenu     int input2  selection      processinput2      return 0  codepre  pSo this is a code for some menu and input option, i wrote it as a exercise on subroutins, but in the function below i had a problem that i solved throgh some trile and arror, but still i dont get it.p  precodeint process int x      switchx          case 1         cout ltlt Line ups ltlt endl     case 2         cout ltlt Arsenal 3  Crystal Palace 0 ltlt endl     case 3         cout ltlt Quitting ltlt endl     default         cout ltlt Select Option1 ltlt endl        codepre  pWhy do i need the variable int x in order dor this function to work i have a feel that i dont understand something very basic. pls helpp
Negative 325 pIm quite new to this area. Im looking for the way to get a percentage of similarityaccuracy of a gesture compared to the ground truth. The gesture is recorded using kinect. Im successfully implement gesture recognition using Hidden Markov Model from accord.net library. Right now, Im required to get the similarity or accuracy percentage of the performed gesture with the ground truth. p  pThe problem here is the number of frames between captured gesture and ground truth is not the same. The users that perform gesture also may not have similar body structure short hand and long hand. p  pIs there any method or formula that can calculate this kind of percentage.p  pBy the way, sorry for my bad english. p
Negative 325 pIm trying to send a POST request to add a subscriber to a list to mail chimp using their 3.0 API. I send the request but the error I get back is a 405  Method not allowed error which I do not understand how to fix. p  pI am using a Http Client to send a PostAsync request.p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated.p  pCodep  precode        JavaScriptSerializer jss  new JavaScriptSerializer         HttpClient client  new HttpClient          foreach MailChimpSubscriberModel subscriber in newSubscribers                      Subscriber member  new Subscriber             member.email  subscriber.Email             member.subscribed  subscribed              var url  https  dataPoint  .api.mailchimp.com3.0lists  defaultListId               string jsonString  jss.Serializemember              StringContent stringContent  new StringContentjsonString             stringContent.Headers.ContentType  new MediaTypeHeaderValueapplicationjson             client.DefaultRequestHeaders.Authorization  new AuthenticationHeaderValueBasic, apiKey             HttpResponseMessage response  await client.PostAsyncurl, stringContent              Trace.WriteLineResponse StatusCode   intresponse.StatusCode          codepre
Negative 325 pSo I have a problem that I do know the solution to, but it would require a ton of repetitive code in the process so I know there must be a simpler way to do this. I have a list of divs that all have a main image and alt image. The alt images are hidden behind the main images and are supposed to switch with each other when the user hovers over the main image. Each div has its own specific ID, but I really dont want to have to write the same script over and over just changing the ID. Heres my HTML simplified but same structure minus fluffp  precodeltsectiongt     ltdiv idonegt          ltimg src classmain gt          ltimg src classalt styledisplay none gt     ltdivgt     ltdiv idtwogt          ltimg src classmain gt          ltimg src classalt styledisplay none gt     ltdivgt     ltdiv idthreegt          ltimg src classmain gt          ltimg src classalt styledisplay none gt     ltdivgt ltsectiongt codepre  pand the jQuery I had written upp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     document.readyfunction           one img.main.mouseenterfunction               one img.main.hide             one img.alt.show                  one img.alt.mouseleavefunction               one img.alt.hide             one img.main.show               ltscriptgt codepre  pI really dont want to repeat for each div since there are 9 in my current page. Any suggestions p  pSOLVEDp  precodejQuerydocument.readyfunction           swap out main images on hover         jQuery.stores div img.main.mouseenterfunction               jQuerythis.hide             jQuerythis.nextimg.alt.show                  jQuery.stores div.mouseleavefunction               jQueryimg.alt.hide             jQueryimg.main.show               codepre
Negative 325 pIm a week into learning Python and am trying to write a piece of code that allows me to run a textbased Perl script in LXTerminal automatically.  I have a couple of questions regarding some specifics.p  pI need my code to start the Perl script with a userinputted environment file, enter a few specific settings into the Perl script, and then read in many .txt files, one at a time, into the Perl script.  It also needs to restart the process for every single .txt file and capture each individual output it would help if every output could be written to a single .csv file.p  pTo call the Perl script, Im starting with the followingp  precodealphameltshomemeltsDesktopalphamelts pipesubprocess.Popen[perl, homeDesktopmeltsalphaMELTS, runalphamelts.command f s]  rawinputEnter an environment  file, stdoutPIPE codepre  pAssuming thats correct, I now need it to read in a .txt file, enter numberbased commands, have my code wait for the Perl script to finish its calculations, and I need it to write the output to a .csv file.  If it helps, the Perl script Im running automatically generates a space delimited file containing the results of its calculations once the program exists, but it would be super helpful if only a few of its outputs were written onto a single seperate .csv file for each .txt file processed.p  pNo idea where to go from here but I absolutely have to get this working.  Sorry for the complexity.p  pThank youp
Negative 325 pHow to use the a hrefhttpswww.google.comrecaptchaintroindex.html relnofollowlatest captchaa from google for node.js p  pI know how to use a hrefhttpsgithub.comaldipowernodejsrecaptcha relnofollowthisaexplained a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8132531captchacreationfornodejsherea, but I dont know how to use a hrefhttpswww.google.comrecaptchaintroindex.html relnofollowlatest captchaa on the server side of node.js.p  pOnly on the client sidep  ol lipAdding thisClientsidep  precodeltscript srchttpswww.google.comrecaptchaapi.jsgtltscriptgt ltdiv classgrecaptcha datasitekeypublickeygtltdivgt codepreli lipAdding on server side, they writepli ol  blockquote   pIf your users send the form with integrated reCAPTCHA, you will receive among other things, a string containing the name Grecaptcharesponse. If you want to find out if Google has verified the user in question, send a POST request with the following parameters   URL a hrefhttpswww.google.comrecaptchaapisiteverify relnofollowhttpswww.google.comrecaptchaapisiteverifya   secret needed ...   Response required value of grecaptcharesponse   remoteip The IP address of the end user   On the reCAPTCHA documentation website you will find more information and advanced configurations.p blockquote  pThe problem here is, I dont know how to do this securely with node.js and by the way I could not find Grecaptcharesponse in the response.p  pCan you give me informations on it p  pI am using Express.js and handlebars.js.p
Negative 325 pIn a systemverilog file that I was given is an codeincludecode for a Verilog Header file code.vhcode. When I manually run a simulation in Modelsim I usually go into the properties of the file Verilog amp SystemVerilog tab and include the directory that holds the header file there. How would I go about making reference to it in a code.docode file that I am trying to createp
Negative 325 pI am using Shield UI Date picker for capturing DOB, I am facing problem in formatting the selected date. The JavaScript code I had used is shown belowp  precodedobPicker.shieldDatePicker     openOnFocus true,     format 0ddMMyyyy,     textTemplate 0ddMMyyyy,     parseFormats [ddMMyyyy],     max new Date,     events          change functione              var dobVal  dobPicker.swidget.value             alertdobVal                codepre  pAnd the output I got is in the below formatp  pstrongThu Aug 20 2015 000000 GMT0530 India Standard Timestrongp  pBut I require an out put in strongddMMyyyy formatstrongp  pCould you help me to solve thisp  pThanks in advance p
Negative 325 pMy basic code is also not working, which I have for DIV tried to extend to full window.p  precodeltdoctype htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta charsetutf8gt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv stylewidth100 positionrelative height100px backgroundcolorF00gtltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pAnd this is what I have tried to do by copy paste, which failed even when I copy pasted.p  pThis is original code, as it should be seen belowp  pa hrefhttpcodepen.iochriscoyierpenPwzBBw relnofollowhttpcodepen.iochriscoyierpenPwzBBwap  pAnd this is copy paste code, which I have done belowp  pa hrefhttpcodepen.ioanonpenGJVMeE relnofollowhttpcodepen.ioanonpenGJVMeEap
Negative 325 pI have searched around and there have been several questions on this issue, but none of them seem to fit my context. p  pI am working on an algorithm for image segmentation in Python, using the anaconda distribution. In the beginning stages of the algorithm, a weight matrix must be calculated, to give the weights of the edges between every pixel of an image using the pixels as nodes in a weighted graph data structure. Obviously, this results in a matrix of a huge size, codeimageWidth  imageHeight2code. This takes a very long time to build for larger and larger images, so a while back I implemented a couple of functions to build the matrix using all cpus on the machine. p  pThis has worked perfectly fine for me for weeks during testing. However, our algorithm has been steadily improving, and it is now ready to test on some real data gathered from an xray microscope. Our tests have so far been no larger than 64x64, and that took quite a while, so we have moved to a machine with 40 processors.p  pNow that we have moved, I all of the sudden am getting an error at the multiprocessing function p  pcodeSystemError NULL result without error in PyObjectCallcodep  pI dont understand this, because the only difference is the number of cpus. Why should that cause an issue If someone knows more about how pythons multiprocessing package actually works, then maybe you can see something that I dont.p  pHere are the functions in question. The first initiates the process poolp  precodedef CreateMatrixself, sigmaI, sigmaX                                      cpus  mp.cpucount     poolCount  cpus     args  [self, sigmaI, sigmaX, i, for i in rangeself.numPixels]      pool  mp.Poolprocesses  poolCount     tempData  pool.mapunwrapCreateMatrix, args      for pixelList in tempData                                                   for pixel in pixelList             self.data[pixel[1]]  pixel[0]      self.matrix  numpy.matrixself.data.reshapeself.columns, self.rows, numpy.float64     return codepre  pThe second one if called by each process and has nothing to dow ith the creation or handling of the process pool, so I doubt the issue is herep  precodedef CreateMatrixPixelAself, sigmaI1, sigmaX1, i  0                     pixelA  self.pixelArray[i]     pixelAData  []      j  0     for pixelB in self.pixelArray         stride  i  self.numPixels  j          locationDiff  self.CalcLocationVectorNormpixelA, pixelB          if locationDiff lt self.distance             intensityDiff  self.CalcPixelVectorNormpixelA, pixelB                locationDiff  1  powlocationDiff,2             intensityDiff  1  powintensityDiff, 2                              value  math.expintensityDiff  sigmaI  math.explocationDiff  sigmaX             pixelAData.appendvalue, stride          j  1      return pixelAData codepre  pAlso this one, just to spare any confusionp  precodedef unwrapCreateMatrixargs                                                     return WeightMatrix.CreateMatrixPixelAargs codepre  pSorry for the big wall of text. Im sure the answer to this is quite simple, I just dont know what kind of information will help, so I have included everything relevant. My only thoughts are that the image Im using is too big highly doubt, though, or there may be an issue with the packages installed on this machine though this machine is using anaconda just as all other testing machines were.p
Negative 325 pThe following program does not output anything, nor does it throw any errors. Am I missing something in form of the coderuncode method in the codetoS3code classp  precodeclass toS3luigi.Task      The class Mysqltotsv converts the data returned by a query on a Mysqldb and stores the data in a tsv in a local file.      def requiresself         return [Mysqltotsv]      def outputself         return luigi.S3Targethttpss3.amazonaws.combucketnameluigiattempt.tsv codepre  pThe codeoutputcode method of the codeMysqltotsvcode class is p  precodedef outputself         return luigi.LocalTargetUsersuserDesktopWorkLuigitestdata.tsv codepre  pPlease help with the correct class implementation of the task.p
Negative 325 pI Havep  precode  public HashMapltInteger, Stringgt data    private void initData      data new HashMapltInteger, Stringgt     data.put1, One     data.put2, Two     data.put3, Three     data.put4, Four     data.put5, Five      codepre  pbut the data keep increasing, so i want to move this hashmap to database instead, so when ever i add a new key,value pair i can add it to database instead of touching the java code.p  pHow to do that   Create table, hibernate, wire it.... but confused about creating table and db callsp
Negative 325 pI am new to ejb world...and i have done with all config...but when injecting EJB in Struts2 Action class  codejavax.naming.NameNotFoundExceptioncode through...i am using codeInjectEJBcode from googlecode...here is my ejb and action class.....p  precodeimport java.sql.SQLException  import javax.naming.NamingException import javax.persistence.PersistenceException  import com.opensymphony.xwork2.ActionSupport import com.opensymphony.xwork2.ejb3plugin.InjectEJB  public class LoginAction extends ActionSupport      InjectEJBname  LoginDAOin     LoginDAOin loginDAO     public String execute throws PersistenceException, SQLException, NamingException     loginDAO.validateCredentialsadmin, admin         return SUCCESS        codepre  ppDOAp  precodeimport java.sql.SQLException import java.util.List  import javax.ejb.EJB import javax.ejb.Local import javax.ejb.LocalBean import javax.ejb.Stateless import javax.naming.NamingException import javax.persistence.EntityManager import javax.persistence.PersistenceContext import javax.persistence.PersistenceContextType import javax.persistence.PersistenceException import javax.persistence.Query  import com.ezakath.Action.LoginDAOin import com.ezakath.Exception.ZakathException import com.ezakath.Model.ZakathDonor import com.ezakath.Util.ErrorCode     Session Bean implementation class LoginDAOEJB    Local Stateless public class LoginDAOEJB implements LoginDAOin             Default constructor.                PersistenceContextunitNameDonorProj, type  PersistenceContextType.EXTENDED       private  EntityManager entityManager       public LoginDAOEJB           TODO Autogenerated constructor stub                 Query loginQuery  null         ListltDonorgt donorList  null           public boolean validateCredentialsString loginID, String password              boolean validatedResult  falseString status             try                  Context envCtx  Context new InitialContext.lookupjavajbossdatasources                 System.out.printlnenvCtx.getNameInNamespace                 javax.persistence.EntityManager em1   javax.persistence.EntityManager envCtx.lookupeZakath                 DataSource ds  DataSourcectx.lookupjavaeDonor                 Connection connection  ds.getConnection                 EntityManager entityManager  emf.createEntityManager                 System.out.printlnentityManager                 donorList  ListltDonorgt entityManager.createQueryselect donor from donor donor.getResultList                 forDonor donordonorList                      System.out.printlnDonor Details                     System.out.printlndonor.getFirstName                                 catch PersistenceException e                  e.printStackTrace                 throw new ExceptionErrorCode.DatabaseNotConnected,Cannot open Connetion                          return validatedResult               codepre  plocal EJBp  precodeimport javax.ejb.Local import javax.ejb.Remote  Local public interface LoginDAOin      boolean validateCredentialsString loginID, String password  codepre  pLogp  precode085920,533 ERROR [org.apache.struts2.dispatcher.DefaultDispatcherErrorHandler] httplocalhost127.0.0.180801 Exception occurred during processing request LoginDAOinlocal  service jboss.naming.context.java.LoginDAOin.local javax.naming.NameNotFoundException LoginDAOinlocal  service jboss.naming.context.java.LoginDAOin.local     at org.jboss.as.naming.ServiceBasedNamingStore.lookupServiceBasedNamingStore.java97     at org.jboss.as.naming.NamingContext.lookupNamingContext.java178     at org.jboss.as.naming.InitialContext.lookupInitialContext.java113     at org.jboss.as.naming.NamingContext.lookupNamingContext.java214     at javax.naming.InitialContext.lookupInitialContext.java423 [rt.jar1.7.0]     at com.opensymphony.xwork2.ejb3plugin.InjectEJBInterceptor.injectEJBInjectEJBInterceptor.java103 [struts2ejb3jbossplugin0.0.4.jar]     at com.opensymphony.xwork2.ejb3plugin.InjectEJBInterceptor.interceptInjectEJBInterceptor.java63 [struts2ejb3jbossplugin0.0.4.jar]     at com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeDefaultActionInvocation.java244 [xworkcore2.3.24.jar2.3.24]     at org.apache.struts2.impl.StrutsActionProxy.executeStrutsActionProxy.java54 [struts2core2.3.24.jar2.3.24]     at org.apache.struts2.dispatcher.Dispatcher.serviceActionDispatcher.java564 [struts2core2.3.24.jar2.3.24]     at org.apache.struts2.dispatcher.ng.ExecuteOperations.executeActionExecuteOperations.java81 [struts2core2.3.24.jar2.3.24]     at org.apache.struts2.dispatcher.ng.filter.StrutsPrepareAndExecuteFilter.doFilterStrutsPrepareAndExecuteFilter.java99 [struts2core2.3.24.jar2.3.24]     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java280 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java248 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapperValve.invokeStandardWrapperValve.java275 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContextValve.invokeStandardContextValve.java161 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at org.jboss.as.jpa.interceptor.WebNonTxEmCloserValve.invokeWebNonTxEmCloserValve.java50 [jbossasjpa7.1.1.Final.jar7.1.1.Final]     at org.jboss.as.web.security.SecurityContextAssociationValve.invokeSecurityContextAssociationValve.java153 [jbossasweb7.1.1.Final.jar7.1.1.Final]     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHostValve.invokeStandardHostValve.java155 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invokeErrorReportValve.java102 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardEngineValve.invokeStandardEngineValve.java109 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java368 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at org.apache.coyote.http11.Http11Processor.processHttp11Processor.java877 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at org.apache.coyote.http11.Http11ProtocolHttp11ConnectionHandler.processHttp11Protocol.java671 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at org.apache.tomcat.util.net.JIoEndpointWorker.runJIoEndpoint.java930 [jbossweb7.0.13.Final.jar]     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java801 [vm.jar1.7.0] codepre
Negative 325 pIm working on an application that would allow users to create a custom character sheet for role play games. I have most of the code figured out, but I want users to be able to send their character sheets between devices.p  pSo heres the question is there a way to save and send a shared object file, or a way to create a txt file that can easily be saved and copiedp
Negative 325 pI know that if you want to be a web developer you need to know all of them, along with frameworks and technologies. I know you even that you should know to slice your designs and maybe have a basic knowledge of photoshop etc. p  pBUT, my question is for a while, can you live with only a basic css knowledgesay editing font, color, backgrounds, adjusting margins, padding, borders, using float and positioning etc  just enough to have content to use with you js work and by knowing only this you can concentrate on learning javascript more responsibly than htmlcss Or is it better if you go with learning in the same rithmp  pSay you want to get hired, in a juniorentry position, front end developer, will you have more chances with, say, medium jsjquery maybe angular  begginer css or the oppositep
Negative 325 pI have an input string that gets put into emresultem, which is then converted into a emchar[]em from there I made the first letter a capital letter. My question is in the for statement I am trying to put a space before each capital letter. strongIt does not recognize eminsertem due to emchar[]em what is the replacement for thisstrongp  pstrongI also have a problem being my first letter a capital it will input a space on the first word. How can I solve this issue and implement it into my code.strongp  pExamplep  pHelloTherep  pOutputp  p Hello Therep  pDo I insert it into a new string name and return that instead of output e.g. char[] final would be the final return.p  pFinally, having to add spaces before each capital, stronghow can I apply a rule that only 1 space is allowedstrongp
Negative 325 pIm creating a new codestruct SThreadInfocode in a functionp  precodestruct SThreadInfo      int             function     Exchange       pThis   struct SThreadInfo threadInfo  new struct SThreadInfo     threadInfogtfunction     0     threadInfogtpThis        this codepre  pThen, in the same function, I create a new thread an pass the struct as voidpointerp  precodepthreadt ret pthreadcreateampret, NULL, ExchangestaticThreadHelper, voidthreadInfo codepre  pIn the new thread, I rebuild the struct from the voidpointerp  precodevoid ExchangestaticThreadHelpervoid t      struct SThreadInfo threadInfo  struct SThreadInfot     ....     ....  codepre  pAt the end of this function I want to delete the memory allocated by codetcode and codethreadInfocode. By now, it works for codethreadInfocode but not for codetcodep  precodedelete threadInfo delete staticcastltstruct SThreadInfogtt codepre  pWhen I try to cast the voidpointer back to SThreadInfo, a SIGABRT is raised.  Can someone tell me how to delete the memory from the voidpointer properlyp
Negative 325 pI am trying to add headers into the CSV file and as a headers I would like to have the variables names used in the codeWriteLinecode.p  pHere you have my codep  precodeusing StreamWriter file  new StreamWriterfs                          for int s  0 s lt pr.Length s              string[] UsersIDS  new string[]          UsersIDS  db.GetUsersListpr[s].ProjectID         file.WriteLine              pr[s].ProjectID    ,                   pr[s].ProjectTitle    ,                pr[s].PublishStatus    ,                UsersIDS.Length        codepre
Negative 325 pI am building a Hotspot platform in order to allow users to use Free Wifi only after they log in using a Social Network. I have a TPLink router with OpenWRT and a component called Nodogsplash, which let me create a splash page for login purposes and set a list of IPs to allow or block so I can disallow traffic to all IPs except for the one where I have my site with the splash page. p  pThe problem is with that list I had to include the Facebook IPs in order to make the Facebook login work, but those IPs keep changing so I ended allowing any packet to any IP for HTTPs traffic... Is there a way to retrieve all possible Facebook IPs Or ideally all IPs needed for Facebook login to work but not their full site Or to allow all Facebook but not all HTTPs trafficp  pI thought of creating a script to ping Facebook every some minutes and build the list dynamically but it is complicated as I would need to rebuild the router tables by restarting the Nodogsplash component.p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pIve got a little bit of a tricky question here regarding converting JSON strings into Python data dictionaries for analysis in Pandas. Ive read a bunch of other questions on this but none seem to work for my case. p  pPreviously, I was simply using CSVs and Pandas readcsv function to perform my analysis, but now Ive moved to pulling data directly from PostgreSQL. p  pI have no problem using SQLAlchemy to connect to my engine and run my queries. My whole script runs the same as it did when I was pulling the data from CSVs. That is, until it gets to the part where Im trying to convert one of the columns namely, the config column in the sample text below from JSON into a Python dictionary. The ultimate goal of converting it into a dict is to be able to count the number of responses under the options field within the config column. p  precodedf  pd.readsqlquerySELECT questions.id, config from questions , engine  df  df[config].applyjson.loads  df  pd.DataFramedf.tolist  df[numoptions]  np.array[lenrow for row in df.options] codepre  pWhen I run this, I get the error TypeError expected string or buffer. I tried converting the data in the config column to string from object, but that didnt do the trick I get another error, something like ValueError Expecting property name.... p  pIf it helps, heres a snipped of data from one cell in the config column the code should return the result 6 for this snipped since there are 6 optionsp  precodegraphbyseries,options[Strongbow Case CardPrice Card,Strongbow Case Stacker,Strongbow Pole Topper,Strongbow Base wrap,Other Strongbow POS,None] codepre  pMy guess is that SQLAlchemy does something weird to JSON strings when it pulls them from the database Something that doesnt happen when Im just pulling CSVs from the databasep
Negative 325 pIm using this jquery autocomplete plugin  a hrefhttpsgoodies.pixabay.comjqueryautocompletedemo.html relnofollowhttpsgoodies.pixabay.comjqueryautocompletedemo.htmlap  pIm trying to access the value of hiddenid inside renderItem and onSelect functions but Ill get the undefined values, can anyone please tell me what Im doing wrongp  pResult of execution on console  p  pInitial value  1p  pvalue in renderItem  undefinedp  pvalue in onSelect  undefinedp  precodeltscriptgt     jQuerydocument.readyfunction           var hiddenid  1          console.log Initial value    hiddenid         input[nameusercompanyname].autoComplete             source function term, response                  .getJSON                     ltphp echo  pathgt,                     q term,                     function data                          responsedata                                  ,             delay 0,             minChars 3,              renderItem function item, search                  var otherInfos  item.split                 hiddenid  otherInfos[3]                 console.logvalue in renderItem    hiddenid                 return ltdiv classcompautocompletegtltdiv classautocompletesuggestion dataval  otherInfos[1]  gt                      ltimg  styleheight 25px width 25px  src   otherInfos[0]  gt   ltbgt   otherInfos[1]  ltbgt                      ltdivgtltdivgt             ,             onSelect function e, term, item                  usercompanyid.valhiddenid                 console.logvalue in onSelect    hiddenid                             ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 325 pThe a hrefhttpsgithub.comforeverjsforever relnofollowgithub readme of forever.jsa statesp  blockquote   pIn addition to passing forever the path to a script along with   accompanying options, described above, you may also pass forever the   path to a JSON file containing these options. For example, consider an   application with the following file structurep blockquote  pIn the following example, the options codeuidcode, codeappendcode, codewatchcode, codescriptcode and codesourceDircode are set. All of these are long versions of arguments to the codeforevercode command with the short versions being codeacode, codewcode, codescode.p  pMy problem is some of the options to codeforevercode dont have a long version, fore example codemcode, codelcode, codeecode, codeocode. strongHow do I provide these options in my json configuration filestrongp  pIve tried adding values to keys such as codelcode and codelogcode, but this didnt achieve the desired effect.p
Negative 325 pI got an strongemEVENTAemstrong asking for user name and password in my java client side code triggered by server side C code. A message from server is triggering this and the content of the message is used by the client for further execution. p  pNow i got an auto logout function added to my application triggered in client by strongemEVENTBemstrong. Just after execution of the strongemEVENTBemstrong the server is sending strongemEVENTAemstrong. But i have to delay this strongemEVENTAemstrong until i get a consent from server saying it is login time, say till I get an strongemEVENTCemstrong. p  pOne other thing about the application is this whole process is multi threaded. So i need to delay and keep the object containing strongemEVENTAemstrong with the server side message ie i cant just go and initialise another object. I need to call some wait inside strongemEVENTAemstrong after storing the message from server side in some variable. This should wait until strongemEVENTCemstrong is triggered in another thread and notified. p  pstrongQstrong What is the design pattern to follow for this requirementp
Negative 325 pIm trying to output posts and comments reddit style. This is the expected a hrefhttpimgur.comlSiaHRD relnofollowstrongresultstronga mockup HMTL but currently I look like a hrefhttpimgur.comGooNHN7 relnofollowstrongthisstronga.p  pThis is the code Im using right now to output posts and commentp  precodeltphp ifemptygetMessage gt   ltdiv classcontainergt       lth1gtThe nested comment exampellth1gt   ltphp          i0 initialize flag       foreach getMessage as value gt       ltdiv classcomment idlt valuegtid gtgt        you dont need level class           ltphp ifvaluegtvisible  0  gt           lt valuegtdate gtltbrgt           Deleted           ltphp elseifvaluegtvisible  1 gt           lt valuegtdate gt lta hrefindex.phpdeletelt valuegtid gtgtXltagt lt id . valuegtid . , sort order  .valuegtsortorder . , level .valuegtlevel gtltbrgt           lt valuegtcommenttext gt            ltform actionindex.php methodpostgt           ltinput typehidden nameid valuelt valuegtid gt gt           ltinput typehidden nameparent valuelt valuegtreplyto gt gt           Add comment ltinput typetext namesvargt           ltinput typesubmitgt           ltformgt            ltphp endif gt  ltphp          i sum flag           forx0 xlti x  paint div closers            echo ltdivgt         gt lt endif gt       ltdivgt codepre  pWhat if I change the codeforeachcode statement top  precodeltphp ifemptygetMessage gt   ltdiv classcontainergt       lth1gtThe nested comment exampellth1gt   ltphp    foreach getMessage as value gt       ltdiv classlevellt valuegtlevel gt comment idlt valuegtid gtgt           ltphp ifvaluegtvisible  0  gt           lt valuegtdate gtltbrgt           Deleted           ltphp elseifvaluegtvisible  1 gt           lt valuegtdate gt lta hrefindex.phpdeletelt valuegtid gtgtXltagt lt id . valuegtid . , sort order  .valuegtsortorder . , level .valuegtlevel gtltbrgt           lt valuegtcommenttext gt            ltform actionindex.php methodpostgt           ltinput typehidden nameid valuelt valuegtid gt gt           ltinput typehidden nameparent valuelt valuegtreplyto gt gt           Add comment ltinput typetext namesvargt           ltinput typesubmitgt           ltformgt            ltphp endif gt         ltdivgt ltphp  endif gt       ltdivgt codepre  pAnd output everything flat. And depending on class, move it to the right div with jQuery.p  pSo if codeltdiv classlevel0 comment id1gtcode is the parent div level0, div with level 1 codeltdiv classlevel1 comment id3gtcode should be inside the parent div. And codeltdiv classlevel2 comment id14gtcode level 2 should be inside the child div, level 1. This a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netwv9j9ueo relnofollowstrongfiddlestronga hopefully gives a better understanding  And this tree of comments can contain numerous of the same level class, so how do we know it is moves inside right div Due to codeSELECT  FROM tree ORDER BY replyto ASC, sortorder ASCcode, every comment is fetch already sorted. So it wont be a problem, the child should be moved one div up.p  pHere is some a hrefhttppastie.org10400764 relnofollowstrongsample datastronga.p  pThis is the function I am using to retrieve datap  precodefunction getMessage app  new Connection      sql  SELECT      FROM tree ORDER BY replyto ASC, sortorder ASC query  appgtgetConnectiongtpreparesql querygtexecute      return querygtfetchAll  codepre  pHow can I output data reddit style with jQuery. p
Negative 325 pI found a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2860879detectingifabrowserisusingprivatebrowsingmode1774171417741714an answer for detecting private browsinga in Safari and a way to detect it and popup an error. p  pHowever, is there a way to detect private browsing in other browsers i.e. Firefox, Chrome, etc.p  pThanks for the helpp
Negative 325 pI am trying to save some images that I generate to an album using codeALAssetLibrarycode using ALAssetsLibraryCustomPhotoAlbum by Marin Todorov. However, I get random failures most of the time.p  precode   Get the asset library instance.   ALAssetsLibrary library  [ALAssetLibraryManager defaultAssetsLibrary]   [self.imageModels enumerateObjectsUsingBlockid obj, NSUInteger idx, BOOL stop       Sidenote Trying to use an image that I have locally in my image assets fails as well.      UIImage image  [UIImage imageNamedBackgroundlightpng.png]     UIImage image  [UIImage imageWithContentsOfFile[obj valueForKeyimagePath]]     [imagesToShare addObjectimage]     if image         [library saveImageimage toAlbumMy Album completionNSURL assetURL, NSError error              NSLogSuccess          failureNSError error              NSLogFailed , error.description         ]      ] codepre  pIn the failure block, if I add the following code, I can see that the image gets saved to the Camera Roll. p  precodeUIImageWriteToSavedPhotosAlbumimage, nil, nil, nil codepre  pThe error I get isp  precodeFailed Error DomainLIBALAssetsLibraryCustomPhotoAlbum Code0 ALAssetsGroup failed to add asset. UserInfo0x171277c80 NSLocalizedDescriptionALAssetsGroup failed to add asset. codepre  pCode for getting the asset libraryp  precode ALAssetsLibrary defaultAssetsLibrary     static dispatchoncet pred  0    static ALAssetsLibrary library  nil    dispatchonceamppred,          library  [[ALAssetsLibrary alloc] init]        return library  codepre  pI searched a lot, but couldnt find much on this topic. My method is called from a button click and there should be no other writes happening at the same time. The only info I found online was that you should keep the same ALAssetLibrary instance around, which I have done using the singleton class.p
Negative 325 pi try to package my maven package but i got this errorp  precode[ERROR] BUILD ERROR [INFO]  [INFO] Internal error in the plugin manager executing goal org.apache.maven.pluginsmavensurefireplugin2.17test Unable to load the mojo org.apache.maven.pluginsmavensurefireplugin2.17test in the plugin org.apache.maven.pluginsmavensurefireplugin. A required class is missing orgapachemavenpluginsurefireSurefireReportParameters org.apache.maven.plugin.surefire.SurefireReportParameters [INFO]  [INFO] Trace org.apache.maven.lifecycle.LifecycleExecutionException Internal error in the plugin manager executing goal org.apache.maven.pluginsmavensurefireplugin2.17test Unable to load the mojo org.apache.maven.pluginsmavensurefireplugin2.17test in the plugin org.apache.maven.pluginsmavensurefireplugin. A required class is missing orgapachemavenpluginsurefireSurefireReportParameters codepre  pHier is a part of my pom.xml with all the dependencies and plugins p  precode    ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtspringrestserviceoauthltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt0.1.0ltversiongt     ltpackaginggtwarltpackaginggt      ltparentgt         ltgroupIdgtorg.springframework.bootltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtspringbootstarterparentltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt1.2.5.RELEASEltversiongt     ltparentgt      ltpropertiesgt         ltspringsecurityoauth2.versiongt2.0.7.RELEASEltspringsecurityoauth2.versiongt     ltpropertiesgt      ltdependenciesgt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframework.bootltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringbootstarterwebltartifactIdgt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframework.bootltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringbootstartersecurityltartifactIdgt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframework.bootltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringbootstarterdatajpaltartifactIdgt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframework.security.oauthltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringsecurityoauth2ltartifactIdgt             ltversiongtspringsecurityoauth2.versionltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtcom.fasterxml.jackson.coreltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjacksondatabindltartifactIdgt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.hsqldbltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgthsqldbltartifactIdgt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframework.bootltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringbootstartertomcatltartifactIdgt             ltscopegtprovidedltscopegt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframework.bootltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringbootstartertestltartifactIdgt             ltscopegttestltscopegt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtcom.jayway.jsonpathltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjsonpathltartifactIdgt             ltscopegttestltscopegt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtcom.jayway.jsonpathltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjsonpathassertltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt0.9.1ltversiongt             ltscopegttestltscopegt         ltdependencygt     ltdependenciesgt      ltbuildgt         ltpluginsgt             ltplugingt                 ltgroupIdgtorg.springframework.bootltgroupIdgt                 ltartifactIdgtspringbootmavenpluginltartifactIdgt             ltplugingt             ltplugingt                 ltartifactIdgtmavencompilerpluginltartifactIdgt                 ltversiongt3.1ltversiongt                 ltconfigurationgt                     ltsourcegt1.7ltsourcegt                     lttargetgt1.7lttargetgt                 ltconfigurationgt             ltplugingt             ltplugingt                 ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.pluginsltgroupIdgt                 ltartifactIdgtmavensurefirereportpluginltartifactIdgt                 ltversiongt2.18.1ltversiongt             ltplugingt         ltpluginsgt     ltbuildgt      ltrepositoriesgt         ltrepositorygt             ltidgtspringreleasesltidgt             lturlgthttpsrepo.spring.iolibsreleaselturlgt         ltrepositorygt     ltrepositoriesgt      ltpluginRepositoriesgt         ltpluginRepositorygt             ltidgtspringpluginreleasesltidgt             lturlgthttpsrepo.spring.iopluginsreleaselturlgt         ltpluginRepositorygt     ltpluginRepositoriesgt  ltprojectgt codepre  pwhen i call this command mvn e clean package, i got the error above.p  pI try to test this oauth2project. The linkp  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comroyclarksonspringrestserviceoauth relnofollowhttpsgithub.comroyclarksonspringrestserviceoauthap  pi cloned the project und i try to test it. But i have this error by package.p  pAny ideasp  pThank Cheersp
Negative 325 pIve recently been looking around at various Haskell quirks, like unboxed types and whatnot, when I discovered the codeAddrcode type.p  pThe a hrefhttpsdownloads.haskell.orgghc7.0.2docshtmllibrariesghcprim0.2.0.0GHCPrim.htmlg10 relnofollowcodeGHC.Primcodea package describes it as sop  blockquote   pAn arbitrary machine address assumed to point outside the garbagecollected heap.p blockquote  pAnd that means not much to me.p  pFurthermore, I keep finding functions like this that use the typep  precodereadIntOffAddr  Addr gt Int gt State s gt State s, Int codepre  pWhat is this type What can I do with it Why is it necessaryp
Negative 325 pI am using the following code for my validation that only allows letters and numbers and a few allowed characters.p  precodeinput.bindkeypress, function event      var regex  new RegExp[azAZ09amp ]     var key  String.fromCharCodeevent.charCode  event.which  event.charCode     if regex.testkey         event.preventDefault        return false       codepre  pThe only problem I am having is that if you copy and paste any un allowed characters then this doesnt prevent it. I know I have seen this done somewhere where it prevents the characters being pasted. Any thoughtsp
Negative 325 pI am trying to collapse a paragraph which works great if everything is collapsed.p  pBut I want people to see the beginning of the paragraph followed by ... these 3 dots. If the user clicks on the collapse button, he sees the whole content, but the ... three dots have to disappear.p  precodeltdiv classcontainer colorpgt     ltp classdateitemgt 22. September 2015         ltbutton classbtncustom pullright typebutton datatogglecollapse datatargetcollapseExample2 ariaexpandedfalse ariacontrolscollapseExample2gt         ltbuttongt     ltpgt     lth1gt Die Community und Ihre User lth1gt     ltpgt Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet ltspan classdotsgt...ltspangtltpgt     ltp classcollapse idcollapseExample2gt Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua. At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum. Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.ltpgt     lthrgt ltdivgt codepre  pAnd that is how it looks like on the website. At this picture it is collapsed but I have no idea how to remove the dotsp  pa hrefhttppuu.shkb0Ceb900d2fd62.png relnofollowhttppuu.shkb0Ceb900d2fd62.pngap  pThank you very muchp
Negative 325 pTrying to write a Bash script that will pull all nonadmin accounts into an array to which I can then remove the home directories coderm rf UsersUSERcode and also delete the Sys Pref user codedscl . delete UsersUSERcode.p  pI can pull all admins with codedscl . read Groupsadmin GroupMembership  grep USER  awk  print 3 code but cannot figure out the command to pull nonadmins.p  pAny help would be amazingp
Negative 325 pCan anyone please help me to implement the sliding effect layout in android like as below image.p  pI want right swipe, left swipe to detect events like in below attached image.p  pI used ViewFlipper to approach this effect, but it was not full filled my requirement.p  pBelow is my codep  precodeltViewFlipper         androidididviewflipper         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightfillparent         androidlayoutmargin6dip gt        ltImageView              androidlayoutmarginTop15dp              androidididimageView1              androidlayoutwidth450dp              androidlayoutheight450dp              androidsrcdrawableimage1 gt        ltImageView               androidlayoutmarginTop15dp               androidididimageView1               androidlayoutwidth450dp               androidlayoutheight450dp               androidsrcdrawableimage3 gt  ltViewFlippergt codepre  pBut I want one ImageView in middle of the screen, and should able to swipe Left and Right, when touches either of the answer or hangup button, the respective event to be fired.p  pPlease find the image.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.compxdg4.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.compxdg4.png altenter image description hereap
Negative 325 pSuppose I have fitted ARIMA model codearima.fitcode. p  pIf I want to know forecast the sum of next 12 periods I can use codesumforecastarima.fitmean. h  12codep  pBut how can I calculate 95 confidence intervals for this sum I think codesumforecastarima.fitupper[,2], h  12code and codesumforecastarima.fitlower[,2], h  12code wouldnt give me correct intervalsp
Negative 325 pI have made nggrid example here on plunk [plunk][1] The date sorting isnt working any guess p  precode  [1] httpplnkr.coeditQlaPXjmLRM0wnOsqTzzTppreview codepre
Negative 325 pi have got error at all the R.layout used in the main activity cannot resolve symbolR. p  pfrom gradle sync i got some errorsp  p  at v23valuesv23.xmlp  p at v23valuesv23.xmlp  pError1 Error retrieving parent for item No resource found that matches the given name androidTextAppearance.Material.Widget.Button.Inverse.p
Negative 325 pI know that array codeacode and codebcode are pointing to the same place where as Strings codes1code, codes2code are not. Why p  pCodep  precode    String[] a  a,b,c     String[] b  a     a[0]  Z     String s1  hello     String s2  s1     s1  world     System.out.printlnArrays.toStringa    a a and b are same     System.out.printlnArrays.toStringb    b     System.out.printlns1    s2  s1 and s2 are not same. codepre  pOutputp  precode    [Z, b, c]  a     [Z, b, c]  b     world hello codepre
Negative 325 pI am running codejson.parsecode and getting back the following as a string  why doesnt it convert it into a JSON objectp  precodefields [MDID  text, length20,Email Address  Email, length255,Secondary Email  Email, length255,First Name  text, length255,Last Name  text, length255,Age  text, length8,Date of Birth  date,Phone  phone, length20],primaryKey [Email Address],required [MDID] codepre  pThe variable being passed in also has a codetypeofcode string too. So, I am not sure why it took the string and still gave me back a string. p  pEverything I am reading says it should give me back a JSON object. p
Negative 325 pI have a data set which contains two variables name and rank. A rank is attached to each name, and I first must gather the frequency of the most used first two letters in this example, the two most frequent beginnings to names are Ja and Jo. After finding the two most frequent first two letters Ja and Jo I must sort these full names, beginning with the highest rank. The order goes highest to lowest ranked Ja name, followed by the highest to lowest ranked Jo name. After sorted, I must then produce two separate outputs, one for each of the two first two letters. All Ja names in one output, all Jo names in another. This description may be very confusing, so I apologize. This is the code I have, but I must be doing something wrong. The furthest I can get is sorting the names by either rank or name.p  precodeproc freq data  BabyNames orderfreq         Tables Name nocum nopercent         Where Name contains Ja or         Name contains Jo run   proc sort data  BabyNames OUT  SortNames     By Name descending Rank     Where Name contains Ja or           Name contains Jo run  proc print data  SortNames NOOBS     By Name     Where Name contains Ja or           Name contains Jo     Title Sorted J Names run codepre
Negative 325 pI am playing about with some web shop platforms but Im looking for some specific functionality that Ive not been able to find just yet.  The idea is to be able to allow specific users the ability to set up a subsection of the shop to host their own products.p  pAre there any shopping platforms that allow this kind of behaviour out of the boxp
Negative 325 pWhen I use the click event, my code works and it prevents the form from submitting. However, when I use this code it does not. Whyp  precodesubmitMessage.addEventListenersubmit, sendMessage, false  function sendMessageevent     event.preventDefault     console.logmade it  codepre
Negative 325 pI want to use the codereductioncode directive in codeopenmpcode, but its not working. Compiler error saysp  blockquote   preduction OpenMP parallel for empty factor in directive   Visual studio 2015 communityp blockquote  porp  blockquote   preduction needed scalar variablep blockquote  pThis is my code Byte is codeunsigned charcodep  precodevoid RotXOR const Byte s, int n, Byte t      int i  0, q     q  n  8 n  8      pragma omp parallel for privatei reduction     for i  0 i lt 16 i          t[q  i  16]  s[i] gtgt n          if n  0              t[q  i  1  16]  s[i] ltlt 8  n                codepre
Negative 325 pLets say I have a codeUserProfileControllershowcode which renders a users profile account page. The associated views and partials for this controller are under codeappviewsuserprofilecodep  pAs with any UserProfile page, the user should be able to edit their preferences. This is done by clicking a preferences link which triggers the codeUserPreferencesshowcode and it displays a whole new page by rendering the views under codeappviewsuserpreferencescodep  pMy current issue is that the latter page is a whole separate page that I have to link to. Id love to instead be able to bring up the preferences page in a modal without leaving the user profile page. Or maybe I just want it embedded in the profile page itself at the bottom i.e. it doesnt have to necessarily be a popup modal  wasnt looking for a specific answer to that. p  pThe issue is that I have no way to call a whole new controller and action from my current codeUserProfileControllercode view. Is there a way to call this new route and have it generate the whole new page within my current pagep  pThe only answer Ive received so far is that I should consider doing it all from the same controller, but thats really overloading the codeUserProfileControllercode and my action method is becoming long and messy. p  pThanksp
Negative 325 pI have a model called Article. This model has attribute called duration which is a string. The duration can be morning, afternoon, evening and night. p  pFor example, article object looks like thisp  precodeltArticle id 1, createdat 20150922 080008, updatedat 20150922 080008, duration morninggt codepre  pSince the duration has similar properties, I create a base class called duration and the inherited classes as morning, afternoon, evening and night. p  pIn a duration there can be many articles. But a single article can have only one duration. So, I have codehasmanycode and codebelongstocode associationp  precodeappmodelduration.rb class Duration lt ActiveRecordBase   hasmany articles end  appmodelarticle.rb class Article lt ActiveRecordBase   belongsto duration end codepre  pOther inherited classes arep  precodeappmodeldurationmorning.rb class Morning lt Duration end codepre  pand so on for codeafternoon.rbcode, codeevening.rbcode and codenight.rbcode.p  pI already have the migration to create durations table. To add the field codetypecode to duration, I have a migration called codeaddtypetoduration.rbcodep  precodeAddTypeToDuration lt ActiveRecordMigration   def change     addcolumn durations, type, string   end  end codepre  pI have another migration file called codeadddurationreftoarticles.rbcode to add referencep  precodeclass AddDurationRefToArticles lt ActiveRecordMigration   def change     addreference articles, duration, indextrue   end end codepre  pI have another migration to create the new durations in addinitialdurations.rbp  precodeclass AddInitialDurations lt ActiveRecordMigration   def change     Morning.create     Afternoon.create     Evening.create     Night.create    end end codepre  pNow I want to update the old data to adapt according to new migrations. So, I have another migration called codeupdatearticlestohaveduration.rbcodep  precodeclass UpdateArticlesToHaveDuration lt ActiveRecordMigration   def change     morning  Duration.findbytypeMorning     Article.whereduration morning.findeach do article       article.updatedurationid morning.id     end   end end codepre  pNow when I run the migrations all the articles, that had codeduration  morningcode, now have codedurationid  nilcode. However, when I run the last migration again with coderake dbmigrateredo step1code, then articles have correct durationid. I think somehow the migration is not run properly. However, I dont get any error while running them. Can anyone please let me know what am I doing wrong herep  pThanks for the help.p
Negative 325 pIm building a website using a template with lots of embedded jQuery but having issues with turbolinks and events not firing properly.p  pI have this code belowp  precodevar uiNav  function       When a submenu link is clicked     jQuery[datatogglenavsubmenu].onclick, functione          Get link         var link  jQuerythis           Get links parent         var parentLi  link.parentli          if parentLi.hasClassopen   If submenu is open, close it..             parentLi.removeClassopen          else   .. else if submenu is closed, close all other same level submenus first before open it             link                 .closestul                 .findgt li                 .removeClassopen              parentLi                 .addClassopen                    Remove focus from submenu link         if lHtml.hasClassnofocus              link.blur                   return false       codepre  pWhich is handling the folding down menus. The function is initialized with other layout helpers with the followingp  precodejQuerydocument.onpagechange, function      if typeof angular  undefined          App.init       codepre  pWhere App.init just fires uiNav and other functions.p  pAdditionally, Ive got the script below to handle adding proper classes to menus, depending on where you are in the appp  precodedocument.onpagechange, function      var url  window.location.pathname     [href  url  ].closestul.parent.addClassopen     [href  url  ].addClassactive  codepre  pNow Im using turbolinks and having massive issues with having it all work. Situation isp  ul liOpen the navmenu, works fine, click the link, follows the link fineli liOpen other menu, opens fine, click the link, all goodli liTry to open a different menu. Old one that was open closes but nothing else open and script no longer does anything.li ul  pAny idea what I could be doing wrong here I was thinking of just dropping turbolinks but I quite like the smooth transition.p
Negative 325 pFor example, here is a simplistic version.p  precodefrom app import VERSION  def app     printVERSION  if name  main     app codepre  pIs this considered bad practice Ive looked at Pythons a hrefhttpswww.python.orgdevpepspep0008 relnofollowPEPa style guide and cant find much with regards to this specific situation.p
Negative 325 pIm using the function below to send email via a VBScript.  Im wondering if its possible to do this without embedding the credentials.  My first thought would be to set it to run as a Windows service and specify an account, then impersonate that user.  Ive done some searching and everything I find relates directly to WMI.  How can I impersonate with CDOp  precodeFunction sendMaila, b     Dim emailLogin, emailPassword     emailLogin  impersonatemegmail.com     emailPassword  impersonated      Const cdoSendUsingPickup  1 Send message using the local SMTP service pickup directory.     Const cdoSendUsingPort  2 Send the message using the network SMTP over the network.      Const cdoAnonymous  0 Do not authenticate     Const cdoBasic  1 basic cleartext authentication     Const cdoNTLM  2 NTLM      Set objMessage  CreateObjectCDO.Message     objMessage.Subject  Subject     objMessage.From  fromEmail     objMessage.To  testexample.org, exampletest.org     objMessage.HtmlBody  ltSome html heregt      objMessage.Configuration.Fields.Item         httpschemas.microsoft.comcdoconfigurationsendusing  cdoSendUsingPort     objMessage.Configuration.Fields.Item         httpschemas.microsoft.comcdoconfigurationsmtpserver  smtp.office365.com     objMessage.Configuration.Fields.Item         httpschemas.microsoft.comcdoconfigurationsmtpauthenticate  cdoBasic     objMessage.Configuration.Fields.Item         httpschemas.microsoft.comcdoconfigurationsendusername  emailLogin     objMessage.Configuration.Fields.Item         httpschemas.microsoft.comcdoconfigurationsendpassword  emailPassword     objMessage.Configuration.Fields.Item         httpschemas.microsoft.comcdoconfigurationsmtpserverport  25     objMessage.Configuration.Fields.Item         httpschemas.microsoft.comcdoconfigurationsmtpusessl  True     objMessage.Configuration.Fields.Item         httpschemas.microsoft.comcdoconfigurationsmtpconnectiontimeout  60      objMessage.Configuration.Fields.Update      objMessage.Send End Function codepre
Negative 325 pI have a problem with oozie notification url.p  pIm working with oozie from hue version 2.6.12557 and oozie version 4.2.0p  pThe oozie work , works as expected but when i add notification url to the works properties like p  poozie.wf.worklfow.notification.urlp  pThe job works as expected but i didnt receive any notification.p  pAny idea on this behaviourp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 325 pIm pretty new to Qt and Im trying to add a web viewer to an app. p  pI have an app with 3 windows and a navigation bar with 3 buttons. When I click on a button, it swipe to the window associated.p  pI would have one of this button open the web viewer, without exiting the app. p  pThe app have to be compatible with mobile Android, iOS, Windows Phone also. p  pI searched and found QtWebengine but it doesnt really help me... p  pIm on Qt Creator 3.4.2, Qt 5.5.0 and using Qt Designer dont know if its important...p  pCoding in C and QML.p  pThanks.p  pstrongEDITstrong I read about the Webview doc but its still confusing... I saw that there is a Webkit Webview and a WbeEngine Webview. Webkit is being deprecated so I would like to use WebEngine. So I try the MiniBrowser Example, which uses WebEngine Webview, and it works on the platforms I want. But I cant figure how I can launch it by clicking a button...p  pI tried this p  pmain.cppp  precodeinclude mainwindow.h include ltQApplicationgt  int mainint argc, char argv[]      QApplication aargc, argv     MainWindow w     w.show      return a.exec  codepre  pmainwindow.cppp  precodeinclude mainwindow.h include uimainwindow.h  MainWindowMainWindowQWidget parent      QMainWindowparent,     uinew UiMainWindow      uigtsetupUithis     connectuigtpushButton, SIGNALclicked, this, SLOTslottest   void MainWindowslottest      thisgtwebview   MainWindowMainWindow      delete ui  codepre  pwebview.cppp  precodeinclude ltQtCoreQUrlgt  include ltQQmlApplicationEnginegt  include ltQtCoreQCommandLineOptiongt include ltQtCoreQCommandLineParsergt include ltQGuiApplicationgt include ltQStyleHintsgt include ltQScreengt  include ltQtQmlQQmlContextgt include ltmainwindow.hgt   ifdef QTWEBVIEWWEBENGINEBACKEND include ltQtWebEnginegt endif  QTWEBVIEWWEBENGINEBACKEND   void MainWindowwebview  ifdef QOSOSX      On OS X, correct WebView  QtQuick compositing and stacking requires running      Qt in layerbacked mode, which again resuires rendering on the Gui thread.     qWarningSetting QTMACWANTSLAYER1 and QSGRENDERLOOPbasic     qputenvQTMACWANTSLAYER, 1     qputenvQSGRENDERLOOP, basic endif  QOSOSX   ifdef QTWEBVIEWWEBENGINEBACKEND     QtWebEngineinitialize endif  QTWEBVIEWWEBENGINEBACKEND       QQmlApplicationEngine engine      engine.loadQUrlQStringLiteralqrcbasemain.qml   codepre  pmain.qmlp  precodeimport QtQuick 2.2 import QtQuick.Controls 1.1 import QtWebView 1.0 import QtQuick.Layouts 1.1 import QtQuick.Controls.Styles 1.2  ApplicationWindow      visible true     x 500     y 500     width 500     height 500     title webView.title     statusBar StatusBar          id statusBar         visible webView.loading ampamp Qt.platform.os  ios         RowLayout              anchors.fill parent             Label  text webView.loadProgress  100  qsTrDone  qsTrLoading   webView.loadProgress                       WebView          id webView         anchors.fill parent         url httpswww.google.fr       codepre  pThe webview.cpp is a simplified version of the MiniBrowser examplep  pWhen I try to launch it in Desktop version or Android and click on the Push Button, the Webview open in an other window and close immediately. I dont know how to solve this...p
Negative 325 pI want to programly manipulate gradient fill color in a simple svg rectangle.p  pThere are 2 solutions. I dont like drawing multiple rects and concat them together to get a big one. So I am trying this gradient color approach.p  blockquote   pWhat I did was trying to insert stop tags in the linearGradiant tag, before SVG start   drawing rectangle. But somehow my code is not working.p      pI could see the rectangle was drawn after I run my code but the   rectangle just was not rendered. If I change fill from urlc1 to blue, I could see the rect will be rendered blue.p blockquote  pCode is using AngularJS directive.p  precodeuse strict  angular.moduleStanfordClinicalGenomics.directivechromosomeFillChart, [compile, location,functioncompile,location   return       restrict E,     templateUrl appdirectiveschromosomefillchromosomefill.html,     scope          data data,         cid cid,         vid vid,     ,     controller functionscope, element, attrs, compile, http, route, rootScope, timeout           var data  scope.data          if scope.cid             var chart  d3.selectchromosomefillchart[cidscope.cid] svg.withFill this is just a selector             .attrwidth, 30             .attrheight, 100               timeoutfunction                 angular.elementcscope.cid.appendcompileltstop offset33 stopcolorskyblue gtscope                  angular.elementcscope.cid.appendcompileltstop offset33 stopcolorFF6 gtscope                 scope.apply                 var bar  chart.appendg                 .appendrect                 .attrwidth, 30                 .attrfill, urlcscope.cid                 .attrheight,data[0]                                      codepre  p]p  pBelow is the htmlp  precodeltsvg classwithFillgt ltdefsgt   ltlinearGradient idccid x10 y10 x20 y2100gtltlinearGradientgt ltdefsgt ltsvggt codepre  pBelow is code in my Chrome browserp  precodeltchromosomefillchart data[100,20,76] cid1 classngisolatescopegt ltsvg classwithFill width30 height100gt      ltdefsgt       ltlinearGradient idc1 x10 y10 x20 y2100gt           ltstop offset33 stopcolorskyblue classngscopegtltstopgt           ltstop offset33 stopcolorFF6 classngscopegtltstopgt       ltlinearGradientgt     ltdefsgt   ltggtltrect width30 fillurlc1 height100gtltrectgtltggt ltsvggt ltchromosomefillchartgt codepre
Negative 325 pI am getting the below exception while running SQL queries from strongPHPstrong Version 5.4.42. I am using PDO to connect  strongSQL SERVERstrong.p  precodeException while query the database Error SQLSTATE[HY093] Invalid parameter number mixed named and positional parameters codepre  pstrongCODEstrongp  precodeltphp query  SOME SQL QUERY db  new PDOodbcDriverSQL ServerServerSERVERDatabaseDATABASE UidsaPwd, null, null,arrayPDOATTRPERSISTENT gt true  stmt  dbgtqueryquery result  stmtgtfetchAllPDOFETCHASSOC gt codepre  pstrongI am not using any positional parameter. No Prepare or Bind.strong p  pMy Queryp  precodeUPDATE TABLE SET COLUMN  VALUE  codepre  pScenario where is working fine. p  ul liIf VALUE string length is Big tens of thousand character without special character.li liIf VALUE string length is small some thousands character with Special characteramplt.li ul  pScenario where the query is failing. p  ul liVALUE string contains tens of thousand character with some special charactersamplt.li ul  pIf VALUE sting contains hundreds of thousands of alphabetic character then it works fine. Now add one question mark character and query will fail. But insert thousands of question marks character and query will work fine. This look wired but this what I able to conclude after Trial and error Method.p  pstrongNOTEstrong If I run any kind of query from SQL Server Management Studio. It works fine. p
Negative 325 pIm trying to change the background color using radio buttons. The javascript function seems to not be working. I already read through the other questions written here, none of those answers seemed to work.p  pHeres the HTML codep  precode ltform actiongt      ltinput typeradio namecolor valueradio  onchange bgColorcolorRgtRed     ltinput typeradio namecolor  valueradio onchange bgColorcolorGgt Green     ltinput typeradio namecolor  valueradio onchange bgColorcolorPgt Purple     ltinput typeradio namecolor  valueradio onchange bgColorcolorDgt Default  ltformgt codepre  pHeres the Javascriptp  precode ltscriptgt    function bgColorcol  switchcol      case colorR         document.body.style.backgroundColor   red         break      case colorG          document.body.style.backgroundColor   green          break      case colorP           document.body.style.backgroundColor   purple           break      case colorD           document.body.style.backgroundColor   d0e4fe           break             ltscriptgt codepre  pHeres the CSS code for when the page first launchesp  precode body       backgroundcolor d0e4fe   codepre
Negative 325 pi have one application with SQLite database and then i create another application that can connect to the database that i created one, my question is, is it possible connect the existing database without copying the existing once  if possible can any one give me a sample code to connect my existing database . the name of my database is SEIS and the Table is Proinfo .p
Negative 325 pFirst of all a warning I am new to Ruby on Rails. I am creating an application and run into the problem creating a controller when the entity has the same name in plural and singular. In my case its fish, so I have a codeFishcode model, a codeFishControllercode, a codefishcode table etc. It works just fine surprisingly, at least to me, except when I try to use the path helperp  precodelt linkto My fishes, fishpath gt codepre  pWhen I try that, rails shows me an errorp  precodeNo route matches actiongtshow, controllergtfish missing required keys [id] codepre  pI know that when you have a resource codeapplescode, codeapplespathcode would refer to the index and codeapplepathidcode without s to the codeshowcode method for a particular item. My guess about what is happening is that, when I say codefishcontrollercode I am referring to the codeshowcode method, and hence the error it is missing an ID.p  pMy question is, how do I call the plural codefishpathcode to go to the codeindexcodep  pAnd a preventive question do you know of any other issues that I can find related to this weirdness with the namesp
Negative 325 pI have p  precode[HttpPost] public ActionResult GetFilesHttpPostedFileBase file      if file  null ampamp file.ContentLength gt 0                          var fileName  Path.GetFileNamefile.FileName            var path  Path.CombineServer.MapPathAppDatauploads, fileName         file.SaveAspath          return JsonUploaded   Request.Files.Count   files,JsonRequestBehavior.AllowGet  codepre  pNow I want to upload files in Ajax and save files another folder. How to get files from input form and send it via Ajax p
Negative 325 pIs it possible to set the Biztalk receive location such that it will process the files say, already have 10 files in the folder in sequence, ordered by the file creation timestampp  pThanks.p
Negative 325 pI want to allow only formats of this kind strong19.30 Friday 210strong. Well 1930 instead of 19.30 would also be acceptable. How to do that easily Note that an answer with completely new code would also be accepted.p  hr  pHere is my attempt, but it fails in the month part. codestrcode is the string we try to validate.p  precodevar ok  true, index   1 forvar i  0 i lt str.length i    ifi  0  i  1  i  3  i  4      if.isNumericstr[i]        ok  false       break           ifi  2      ifstr[i]  . ampamp str[i]          ok  false       break           ifi  5      ifstr[i]           ok  false       break      else        whitespaces           ifi gt 5 ampamp index  1      ifisLetterstr[i]        ifstr[i]             whitespaces         index  i        else          ok  false         break                 forvar i  index  1 i lt str.length i    ifi  index  1  i  index  2  i  index  4      if.isNumericstr[i]        ok  false       break         else        ifstr[i]  . ampamp str[i]          ok  false       break        ifok  whitespaces  2     alertify.errorBad format, match creation failed    return  codepre
Negative 325 pI have a Singleton EJB that Im trying to inject into an Stateless bean, thats also a WS endpoint Jersey.p  pThe injected singleton is always null.p  pThe project is packed as a war, deployed into Wildfly 9.p  pI do have a beans.xml placed in WEBINF.p  pThe webapp version in web.xml is 3.0p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt   ltwebapp xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee xsischemaLocationhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee httpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaeewebapp30.xsd version3.0gt   ltcontextparamgt     ltparamnamegtresteasy.scanltparamnamegt     ltparamvaluegtfalseltparamvaluegt   ltcontextparamgt   ltcontextparamgt     ltparamnamegtresteasy.scan.providersltparamnamegt     ltparamvaluegtfalseltparamvaluegt   ltcontextparamgt   ltcontextparamgt     ltparamnamegtresteasy.scan.resourcesltparamnamegt     ltparamvaluegtfalseltparamvaluegt   ltcontextparamgt ltwebappgt codepre  pSession beanp  precodeLocalBean Stateless PathUserRestService.RESOURCEPATH public class UserRestService   public static final String RESOURCEPATH  user  EJB private SingletonEJB singleton ...  GET Pathtest public Response test       ifsingletonnull          System.out.printlnSingleton is null          return Response.ok.build  codepre  pSingletonp  precodeStartup LocalBean Singleton public class SingletonEJB   public SingletonEJB           System.out.printlngtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgt constructor  codepre  pIn the wildfly log I can see the JNDI names for both beansp  precode165730,176 INFO  [org.jboss.as.ejb3.deployment.processors.EjbJndiBindingsDeploymentUnitProcessor] MSC service thread14 JNDI bindings for session bean named UserRestService in deployment unit deployment rest.war are as follows      javaglobalrestUserRestServicecom.test.rest.UserRestService     javaapprestUserRestServicecom.test.rest.UserRestService     javamoduleUserRestServicecom.test.rest.UserRestService     javaglobalrestUserRestService     javaapprestUserRestService     javamoduleUserRestService  165730,176 INFO  org.jboss.as.ejb3.deployment.processors.EjbJndiBindingsDeploymentUnitProcessor]MSC service thread 14 JNDI bindings for session bean named SingletonEJB in deployment unit deployment rest.war are as follows      javaglobalrestSingletonEJBcom.test.rest.singletons.SingletonEJB     javaapprestSingletonEJBcom.test.rest.singletons.SingletonEJB     javamoduleSingletonEJBcom.test.rest.singletons.SingletonEJB     javaglobalrestSingletonEJB     javaapprestSingletonEJB     javamoduleSingletonEJB codepre  pAnd I can see the constructor for the singleton is run. The singleton does not implement any interfaces but is annotated LocalBeanp  pIve read countless posts all over, have looked at a hrefhttpsgithub.comjerseyjerseyblobmasterexamplesjerseyejbsrcmainjavaorgglassfishjerseyexamplesjerseyejbresourcesMessageBoardResourceBean.java relnofollowthis examplea yet I havent figured it out...p  pstrongLEstrong Added an Eclipse importable simplified demo a hrefhttpsgithub.comgandescnonworkingjerseyejbinjection relnofollowhereap
Negative 325 pI have installed Ghost both manually and via npm with the result being the same.p  pThe demo system is a VM. However, other node projects on the same VM operate as expected thru a nat configuration. p  pStarting Ghost works like thisp  precodevagrantnodeprojsnodemodulesghost npm start  gt ghost0.7.1 start homevagrantnodeprojsnodemodulesghost gt node index  Migrations Up to date at version 004 Ghost is running in development... Listening on 127.0.0.12368 Url configured as httplocalhost2368 CtrlC to shut down codepre  pI have port forwarding on the VM so that localhost2368 is accessible on my windows host system at 10.10.10.102368. p  pHowever, it only producesp  precodeThis webpage is not available  ERRCONNECTIONREFUSED Hide details Google Chromes connection attempt to 10.10.10.10 was rejected. The website may be down, or your network may not be properly configured. codepre  pOther node projects that land on 1337 work as expected.p  pThis Ghost installation was just completed and no configuration changes have been made or are suggested in the install docs.p
Negative 325 pI am trying to get the values from codetimespancode function in Code Igniter. I have one problem, how can I know whether each of the date format is displayed For example in regards with the codes below, one timespan might be code2 Months, 6 Days, 13 Hours, 14 Minutescode which would have 4 elements but another might be code2 Months, 1 Week, 3 Days, 4 Hours, 39 Minutescode which has 5 elements. If do the codepregreplacecode then I wont know which are the months or weeks or days etc.p  pSo how do I find out if it is the week or days or hours etc Because I want to convert the values into cycles like code39mins1440minscode would be 0.0270833 days, then I will calculate for the hours days weeks months and years and add all of them togetherp  precode Hold Cycle Time Conversion  foreachresults as key gt values       Convert mysql timestamp to unix     remove  array, ,       holdtimestamp  mysqltounix strreplace remove, , values[holddate]         Get timespan     holdtimestamp  timespanholdtimestamp       Explode into arrays     timestampformat  explode,, holdtimestamp       Check each array to get value     foreachtimestampformat as ts              separatedstamp  pregreplace[09], , ts           Stuck here, incomplete         codepre
Negative 325 pIm getting a NPE when trying to coalesce and save out an RDD.  p  pCode works locally, emandem works on the cluster in the scala shell, but throws the error when submitting it as a job to the cluster.p  pIve tried printing out using a take to see if the rdd contains some null data, but this throws the same error  pain because it works ok in the shell.p  pIm saving out to HDFS and have the full url path in the variable  model saves with this method fine during MLLib training phase.p  pAny ideas much appreciatedp  pScala Code Whole Prediction Funcp  precodeval gridFile  hdfsec2XXXXXXXX.euwest1.compute.amazonaws.com9000rootdataiowgrid001dd.csv val featuresFile  hdfsec2XXXXXXXX.euwest1.compute.amazonaws.com9000rootdatamaposmxmlspark.csv val modelPath  hdfsec2XXXXXXXX.euwest1.compute.amazonaws.com9000rootdatamaposmxmlsparkrandforestmodel val outCoords  hdfsec2XXXXXXXX.euwest1.compute.amazonaws.com9000rootdatamaposmxmlsparkgrid01ddcoords   val outPreds  hdfsec2XXXXXXXX.euwest1.compute.amazonaws.com9000rootdatamaposmxmlsparkgrid01ddpreds    Spark Setup  val conf  new SparkConf.setAppNameML4LP  val sc  new SparkContextconf   def distx1 Double, y1 Double, x2 Double, y2 Double Double      val dX  x2x1    val dY  y2y1    sqrtdXdXdYdY     Start mapping and reducing into the correct format val gridDots  sc.textFilegridFile, 2 val gridDotsTuple  gridDots.mapline gt line.splitn val gridArrS  gridDotsTuple.mapa gt a0.split,  Remember for each grid cell we dont have a class  but want to keep the cell coords Well keep things same for now  with class as 0 val gridMap  gridArrS.mapline gt line2, line0.toDouble, line1.toDouble  Group all the keys together  [class,[coords]] val gridRed  gridMap.groupByKey   Now load  build in the features file val featDots  sc.textFilefeaturesFile, 2 val featDotsTuple  featDots.mapline gt line.splitn val featArrS  featDotsTuple.mapa gt a0.split, val featMap  featArrS.mapline gt line2, line0.toDouble, line1.toDouble  Group all the keys together  [class,[coords]] val featRed  featMap.groupByKey   Cartesian pair wise combine val cartMap  gridMap.cartesianfeatRed.mapline gt line.1.1, line.1.2, line.2.1, line.2.2.mapy gt distline.1.2.1, line.1.2.2, y.1, y.2.reducea,bgtabline.2.2.size  Now we have grid points paired with average distance for each class  grid points are duplicated still Array[String, Double, Double, String, Double]  Array0,1.6,50.52,8,15.791085338956579, 0,1.6,50.52,6,11.200668398145806  Group by grid coord  gets rid of the grid point duplication val cartMapSwap  cartMap.mapline gt line.1, line.2 gt line.3.groupByKey  Prepare for sorting by class in the vector  so they are comparable for trg val distArr  cartMapSwap.mapline gt line.1 gt line.2.mapx gt x.1, x.2.toMap  Do the sort and derive a list instead  Preparing for dense vector val distSortArr  distArr.mapline gt line.1 gt line.2.toList.sortBy.1.toInt.mapline gt line.1 gt line.2.mapx gt x.2  Now convert to the dense vector  val distVects  distSortArr.mapline gt line.1 gt Vectors denseline.2.toArray  Zip to get unique id then keep the coords seperate  so we can zip back together later in case order changes val coords  distVects.zipWithUniqueId.mapline gt line.2 gt line.1.1.2    Also now wrap as labelled Points keeping the unique id we made previously val labDistVect  distVects.zipWithUniqueId.mapline gt LabeledPointline.2, line.1.2  Now we the average distance to classes for each grid cell we can make predictions for these vectors using the model   Naive Bayes  Load the model val nBayesModel  NaiveBayesModel.loadsc, modelPath  Predict probabilities for test data  this gives a probability of each class val nbPreds  labDistVect.mapp gt nBayesModel.predictProbabilitiesp.features, p.label     Load the Random Forest val rfModel  RandomForestModel.loadsc, modelPath  Make the predictions  Here the label is the unique ID of the point val rfPreds  labDistVect.mapp gt p.label, rfModel.predictp.features   Collect and save printlnDone Modelling, now saving preds val outP  rfPreds.coalesce1,true.saveAsTextFileoutPreds printlnDone Modelling, now saving coords val outC  coords.coalesce1,true.saveAsTextFileoutCoords codepre  pStack Tracep  precode    Exception in thread main org.apache.spark.SparkException Job aborted due to stage failure Task 0 in stage 6.0 failed 4 times, most recent failure Lost task 0.3 in stage 6.0 TID 40, XX.XX.XX.XX java.lang.NullPointerException     at GeoDistPredict1anonfun38.applyGeoDist1.scala340     at GeoDistPredict1anonfun38.applyGeoDist1.scala340     at scala.collection.Iteratoranon11.nextIterator.scala328     at scala.collection.Iteratoranon10.nextIterator.scala312     at scala.collection.Iteratorclass.foreachIterator.scala727     at scala.collection.AbstractIterator.foreachIterator.scala1157     at scala.collection.generic.Growableclass.pluspluseqGrowable.scala48     at scala.collection.mutable.ArrayBuffer.pluspluseqArrayBuffer.scala103     at scala.collection.mutable.ArrayBuffer.pluspluseqArrayBuffer.scala47     at scala.collection.TraversableOnceclass.toTraversableOnce.scala273     at scala.collection.AbstractIterator.toIterator.scala1157     at scala.collection.TraversableOnceclass.toBufferTraversableOnce.scala265     at scala.collection.AbstractIterator.toBufferIterator.scala1157     at scala.collection.TraversableOnceclass.toArrayTraversableOnce.scala252     at scala.collection.AbstractIterator.toArrayIterator.scala1157     at org.apache.spark.rdd.RDDanonfuntake1anonfun28.applyRDD.scala1298     at org.apache.spark.rdd.RDDanonfuntake1anonfun28.applyRDD.scala1298     at org.apache.spark.SparkContextanonfunrunJob5.applySparkContext.scala1839     at org.apache.spark.SparkContextanonfunrunJob5.applySparkContext.scala1839     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.ResultTask.runTaskResultTask.scala66     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.Task.runTask.scala88     at org.apache.spark.executor.ExecutorTaskRunner.runExecutor.scala214     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1145     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java615     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java745  Driver stacktrace     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGScheduler.orgapachesparkschedulerDAGSchedulerfailJobAndIndependentStagesDAGScheduler.scala1280     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGScheduleranonfunabortStage1.applyDAGScheduler.scala1268     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGScheduleranonfunabortStage1.applyDAGScheduler.scala1267     at scala.collection.mutable.ResizableArrayclass.foreachResizableArray.scala59     at scala.collection.mutable.ArrayBuffer.foreachArrayBuffer.scala47     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGScheduler.abortStageDAGScheduler.scala1267     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGScheduleranonfunhandleTaskSetFailed1.applyDAGScheduler.scala697     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGScheduleranonfunhandleTaskSetFailed1.applyDAGScheduler.scala697     at scala.Option.foreachOption.scala236     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGScheduler.handleTaskSetFailedDAGScheduler.scala697     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGSchedulerEventProcessLoop.doOnReceiveDAGScheduler.scala1493     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGSchedulerEventProcessLoop.onReceiveDAGScheduler.scala1455     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGSchedulerEventProcessLoop.onReceiveDAGScheduler.scala1444     at org.apache.spark.util.EventLoopanon1.runEventLoop.scala48     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.DAGScheduler.runJobDAGScheduler.scala567     at org.apache.spark.SparkContext.runJobSparkContext.scala1813     at org.apache.spark.SparkContext.runJobSparkContext.scala1826     at org.apache.spark.SparkContext.runJobSparkContext.scala1839     at org.apache.spark.rdd.RDDanonfuntake1.applyRDD.scala1298     at org.apache.spark.rdd.RDDOperationScope.withScopeRDDOperationScope.scala147     at org.apache.spark.rdd.RDDOperationScope.withScopeRDDOperationScope.scala108     at org.apache.spark.rdd.RDD.withScopeRDD.scala306     at org.apache.spark.rdd.RDD.takeRDD.scala1272     at GeoDistPredict1delayedInitbody.applyGeoDist1.scala352     at scala.Function0class.applymcVspFunction0.scala40     at scala.runtime.AbstractFunction0.applymcVspAbstractFunction0.scala12     at scala.Appanonfunmain1.applyApp.scala71     at scala.Appanonfunmain1.applyApp.scala71     at scala.collection.immutable.List.foreachList.scala318     at scala.collection.generic.TraversableForwarderclass.foreachTraversableForwarder.scala32     at scala.Appclass.mainApp.scala71     at GeoDistPredict1.mainGeoDist1.scala255     at GeoDistPredict1.mainGeoDist1.scala     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606     at org.apache.spark.deploy.SparkSubmit.orgapachesparkdeploySparkSubmitrunMainSparkSubmit.scala672     at org.apache.spark.deploy.SparkSubmit.doRunMain1SparkSubmit.scala180     at org.apache.spark.deploy.SparkSubmit.submitSparkSubmit.scala205     at org.apache.spark.deploy.SparkSubmit.mainSparkSubmit.scala120     at org.apache.spark.deploy.SparkSubmit.mainSparkSubmit.scala Caused by java.lang.NullPointerException     at GeoDistPredict1anonfun38.applyGeoDist1.scala340     at GeoDistPredict1anonfun38.applyGeoDist1.scala340     at scala.collection.Iteratoranon11.nextIterator.scala328     at scala.collection.Iteratoranon10.nextIterator.scala312     at scala.collection.Iteratorclass.foreachIterator.scala727     at scala.collection.AbstractIterator.foreachIterator.scala1157     at scala.collection.generic.Growableclass.pluspluseqGrowable.scala48     at scala.collection.mutable.ArrayBuffer.pluspluseqArrayBuffer.scala103     at scala.collection.mutable.ArrayBuffer.pluspluseqArrayBuffer.scala47     at scala.collection.TraversableOnceclass.toTraversableOnce.scala273     at scala.collection.AbstractIterator.toIterator.scala1157     at scala.collection.TraversableOnceclass.toBufferTraversableOnce.scala265     at scala.collection.AbstractIterator.toBufferIterator.scala1157     at scala.collection.TraversableOnceclass.toArrayTraversableOnce.scala252     at scala.collection.AbstractIterator.toArrayIterator.scala1157     at org.apache.spark.rdd.RDDanonfuntake1anonfun28.applyRDD.scala1298     at org.apache.spark.rdd.RDDanonfuntake1anonfun28.applyRDD.scala1298     at org.apache.spark.SparkContextanonfunrunJob5.applySparkContext.scala1839     at org.apache.spark.SparkContextanonfunrunJob5.applySparkContext.scala1839     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.ResultTask.runTaskResultTask.scala66     at org.apache.spark.scheduler.Task.runTask.scala88     at org.apache.spark.executor.ExecutorTaskRunner.runExecutor.scala214     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1145     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java615     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java745 151003 132419 INFO spark.SparkContext Invoking stop from shutdown hook codepre
