Positive 3262 pin order to manipulate a theme in drupal I had to install Drush in order to make subtheme. I installed cygwin and followed the tutorial in the link a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgnode1432756 relnofollowdrush installer in cygwinap  pI am getting an error message in php which is as follow a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com4bDdm.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4bDdm.jpg altenter image description hereap  pI Extensively searched google but failed to find a solution that worked. I even edited the drush.php file and hardcoded the link to bootstrap.inc but even that did not work. Help would be greatly appreciated.p
Positive 3262 pI created a little module in Drupal 7 to use a custom config file for CK editor. This works, because I can adapt the UI Color or can activate SCAYT and edit some options imn SCAYT.p  pSo I think this custom config file is working OK.  But now I tried to do saomething with the plugIns in the install folder of CK ... But it seems that these are not active or not loaded.  Is there any difference between assemble a ck editor via CK Builder and download the plugins manually and activate the plugins via p  pconfig.ExtraPlugin  floatingtoolsp  pI have the expierence, that a lot of plugins, which I download are not active  ....p  pWhy there is no visible control in settings dependig plugins How to check if a plugin is loaded. Is there any thing to do after some configuration in custom config file was made so the changings take effectp
Positive 3262 pI have a small JavaScript setup for my mobile menu. On certain width media query, the menu moves to a side position. This behavior is on mobile devices, it doenst occur in mobile emulation websites on my computer.p  pThe issue is when i click the same menu item twice in a row, the menu disappears. I then have to lip phone horizontal and the reload page, it will work again.p  pheres my site a hrefhttptangrm.com relnofollowmy siteap  precodevar jPanelMenu       function        pre.eachfunctioni, e          hljs.highlightBlocke               jPanelMenu  .jPanelMenu         menu ul.sfmenu,         animated false,         keyboardShortcuts true              jPanelMenu.on        document.onclick, jPanelMenu.menu   li a, functione          if jPanelMenu.isOpen ampamp e.target.attrhref.substring0, 1              jPanelMenu.close                        document.ontouchend, .menutrigger, functione          jPanelMenu.triggerMenu         e.preventDefault         return false                Removes SuperFish Styles       jPanelMenumenu.removeClasssfmenu       jPanelMenumenu li ul.removeAttrstyle       codepre  pCurious if this is an issue with .removeClass or some other conlfict on the page. Let me know if i should paste CSS values also.p
Positive 3262 pHow do I Install Distribution on Existing Drupal Installation, I wanted to install OpenEnterprise on a newly installed Drupal by Softtacolous I tried going through the themes route by did not work. p
Positive 3262 pIm using Mac and latest MySQL. Recently Ive updated OS to El Capitan and now realised that localhost as a name does not work anymore, but only 127.0.0.1.p  pIs there some settings where I can define for mysql that localhost is actually 127.0.0.1p  pHere is the message in Drupal its because Im using localhost.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com71biR.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com71biR.png altenter image description hereap  pThis settings in Drupal are using in order to connect to mysql database. If I use localhost it does not work, if I use there 127.0.0.1  it works well.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comDeQ3S.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDeQ3S.png altenter image description hereap
Positive 3262 pa hrefhttpswww.codeenigma.comcommunityblogdrupal7cheatsheetdatabase relnofollowhttpswww.codeenigma.comcommunityblogdrupal7cheatsheetdatabasea a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgupdatemodules67 relnofollowhttpswww.drupal.orgupdatemodules67ap  pI cannot wrap my head around the changes from Drupal 6  7.p  precodeSELECT CRSsales.User, CRSGoals.,  sumCRSsales.CompUnits as CompUnits,  sumCRSsales.KBUnits as KBUnits,  sumCRSsales.PrinterUnits as PrinterUnits,  sumCRSsales.MouseUnits as MouseUnits,  CountCRSsales.Comp as CompCount sumCRSsales.CompUnits  CRSsales.KBUnits  CRSsales.PrinterUnits  CRSsales.MouseUnits as UnitsTotal, FROM CRSsales  INNER JOIN CRSGoals ON CRSsales.UserCRSGoals.User WHERE dateCRSsales.Created  01102015 GROUP BY CRSsales.User order by UnitsTotal DESC codepre  pHow do I fetch this information for as many rows existp  pThank you for your help.p
Positive 3262 pI uploaded a new Drupal 7 site to my server. The former nonDrupal php site used a 301 redirect in .htaccess like thisp  precodeRewriteRule . httpwww.example.com1 [R301,L]  force www prefix  RewriteRule  httpwww.example.commain.php RewriteRule [AZaz09][AZaz09] httpwww.example.commain.phpsection1amppageURL2 [L] RewriteRule [AZaz09] httpwww.example.commain.phppageURL1 [L] codepre  pThe new .htaccess file contains none of the former Rewrite rules. The old one seems to be cached somewhere, and somehow that redirect is trapped.p  pWhen I load the home page the template loads, but then it doesnt load the new sites page content.p  pIf I visit example.com I getp  pPage Not Found The requested page main.php could not be found.p  pIf I visit example.commypage I getp  pPage Not Found The requested page main.phppageURLmypage could not be found.p  pI have no clue how to fix it. I see all of the newly designed site, but the main text content. Ive tried everything I could find. Cleared my cache, flushed dns, private browsing.p  pThanks for any helpp
Positive 3262 pI am currently in the process of developing a website in Drupal for a football club. However, they have a requirement to create a module, from a database of players and their phone numbers, send a SMS to alert them of their selection or not the game of the weekend. I like to know if this is possible or not, free way I have heard of SMS Framework, but it seems complicated to use for a nonIT the one who will manage the site within the club in the future. There there other solutionsp  pBest regardsp
Positive 3262 pI am trying to separate the UI layer for a legacy CMS app from Drupal. The immediate solution that comes to mind is to build a RESTful service layer on top of the Drupal architecture for the front end to consume. However, this is going to be a time consuming effort. So, Im wondering if theres a smarter way to do it I know we can define the JSON formats and write controllers to deliver it to the front end, but if we would like to avoid coding so much, what options would I havep  pAre there any plugins I could usep  pThanksp
Positive 3262 pI am trying to connect one server with mine through ftp. Connection is working nice. but when i am trying to download file from the server then its give me one Warning p  blockquote   pftpget Unable to build data connection.p blockquote  precodefunction updatecsvfromremoteserverconn, csvfilename     newdirpath  drupalrealpathpublic.images     filepreparedirectory newdirpath, FILECREATEDIRECTORY     sourcepath  drupalrealpathpublic. images . CSVFILENAME     absfiledirectorypath  sourcepath     localfile  sourcepath     remotefile   . CSVFILENAME      upload a file     csvfile  ftpgetconn, localfile, remotefile, FTPASCII         if csvfile          message  successfully updated from remote server.      else          return false           close the connection     ftpcloseconn     return csvfile  codepre
Positive 3262 pstrongWhat I havestrongp  phook this gets calledp  precodefunction modulenameimageeffectinfo      return array         apieffect gt array             label gt tblabla,              help gt tdraws a moustache on requested img or something,             effect callbackgt modulethisismycall,             dimensions callback gt yeahyeahthisone2,             form callbackgt imageresizeform, I use this ones info                codepre  pAnd its implementation this doesnt get calledp  precodefunction modulethisismycallampimage, data      if issetdata  issetimage           vardumpdata exit        vardumpasdsfdsdsds exit  todo make restcall to moustachedrawing server  codepre  pstrongWhat I want in stepsstrongp  p1 add a custom effect like the ones in codeimage.effects.inccode already shows opp  p2 return an image retrieved by a restcall as result for this effectp  pstrongProblemsstrongp  ul licallback doesnt get calledli lihow do I get some information about the provided image or pass it like name and such so I can use them in my rest callli ul
Positive 3262 pI am using Drupal 7 module Redirect and i dont know which redirect to use when pointing on another website. Example strongmysite.comsomethingstrong links to strongmysite.comsomethingdownloadstrong and i redirect that to strongothersite.comdownloadstrong. It is very easy to setup but i really dont know which redirect is proper to use.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com5UP6X.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com5UP6X.png altenter image description hereap
Positive 3262 pI am trying to make a site with Drupal 7.39 and bootstrap theme. I have an issue when I try to make a social menu.p  pI have a file header.inc to put my header zone for each page.tpl.php I have and I put in a social menu with font icon from icomoon directly in the HTML code not by a module.p  pThere is my html code in my Header.inc p  precodeltnav idmenusocial rolenavigationgt     ltulgt         ltligt lta classiconfacebook hrefhttpswww.facebook.comchamploo.fr targetblank titleFacebook relnofollowgtltspan classhiddengtFacebookltspangtltligt         ltligt lta classicongoogleplus href targetblank titleGooglegtltspan classhiddengtGoogleltspangtltligt         ltligt lta classicontwitter href targetblank titleTwitter relnofollowgtltspan classhiddengtTwitterltspangtltligt         ltligt lta classiconyoutube href targetblank titleYoutube relnofollowgtltspan classhiddengtYoutubeltspangtltligt         ltligt lta classiconvimeo href targetblank titleVimeo relnofollowgtltspan classhiddengtVimeoltspangtltligt         ltligt lta classiconflickr href targetblank titleFlickr relnofollowgtltspan classhiddengtFlickrltspangtltligt         ltligt lta classiconfeed href targetblank titleFluss RSSgtltspan classhiddengtFluss RSSltspangtltligt     ltulgt   lt menu social     gt ltnavgt codepre  pThe issue is the html rendered by drupal. When I read the page with Firefox, my icon link are duplicate everywhere on the page, not only in the div for the social menu.p  pI cant post a picture yet to show the result with firefox.p
Positive 3262 pIm trying to use a PCRE that selects everything EXCEPT the first string of numbers in a line of text. The number string can be 3, 4, or 5 digits long, but is always the second word after article. Here are some examplesp  blockquote   particle 11367 airline experts incheon airport transfers operational expertise indonesiap      particle 8364 future investment korean government invest 4 trillion won science technology ict rdp      particle 2151 fighter procurement lockheed martin able propose lower prices f 35sp blockquote  pI am currently using the expression codebw[azAZ]wbcode. This selects everything but the numbers. This is almost perfect, but as you can see in lines 2 and 3 above, sometimes numbers occur after the first set. I want to select every word except the second, or ignore the first set of numbers but include the others, so that in the end the matched result looks like thisp  blockquote   particle airline experts incheon airport transfers operational expertise indonesiap      particle future investment korean government invest 4 trillion won science technology ict rdp      particle fighter procurement lockheed martin able propose lower prices f 35sp blockquote  pIm doing this because the Drupal module search404 includes a PCRE string in its configuration that selects everything you want to emeliminateem from the search string. It also includes a function to automatically conduct a custom search URL with the search terms, and lets you construct the URL. I want to construct the URL so that it looks like nodenumber, which will automatically send the user from the old article URL one of the lines above to the new article URL.p
Positive 3262 pI have created a view, view machine name is as listevents and display machine name is black, I have also added three filters p  pa Content Published Yesp  pb Content Type  Eventp  pc Content Event Type  Paidp  pThis displays fine in second sidebar.p  pNow I want to embed this view in sidebar one in one of the block. For this I created a custom module called as show event and added following code in itp  precodefunction showeventblockviewdelta   printrdelta   if delta  event      viewName  listevents     viewsHtml  viewsembedviewviewName, block, 1, Event, Free     return viewsHtml     codepre  pBut it never considers my new parameter for example Free, it always take Paid . Please note first 2 parameters are same in both case.p
Positive 3262 pIm having issues using the codeviewsgetviewcode function in Drupal.p  pIf I use the following on a URL such as codeourpeoplecode it works fine but as soon as a query string is added for pages codeourpeoplepage27code then it just doesnt load at all.p  precodeview  viewsgetviewdebtfooternews print viewgtrenderviewgtvid codepre
Positive 3262 pI have been using polymer starter kit and have been using ironajax to connect to a drupal site using the services module. I can access the data needed but to use it properly and be able to log in and out I need to be able to user authenticate, to do this I need to store the session id and token. How can I do this in my custom elementp
Positive 3262 pI am trying to compile liquidsoap latest version 1.1.1 on debian latest version jessy.p  pI have installed the full package. While running make I get the below error related to shinep  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com4Wl8I.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4Wl8I.png altenter image description hereap  pI have already tried compiling shine API1 and API3 as well.p  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Positive 3262 pI have attached the  screen shot below in this you can see in message it showing that both the product added in shopping cart  but in cart content its showing only one.I want to show all product there which added in shopping cart. I am new in drupal , any help will be appreciable.  p  phere is the link of  screen shot p  pa hrefhttppostimg.orgimage5k4dqaqst relnofollowhttppostimg.orgimage5k4dqaqstap  pAs i am new so not enough reputation to add the images p
Positive 3262 pI am trying to improve upon the wordpress to drupal 8 migration module a hrefhttpsgithub.comamitgoyald8migratewordpress relnofollowhttpsgithub.comamitgoyald8migratewordpressa and add functionality to import taxonomy terms.  I have written the queries to join taxonomy terms to posts, but am having trouble assigning multiple terms to a field called tags, which is an entity reference to taxonomy terms of my drupal content type article. I have created a manifest file for mapping to my article content typep  precodeid posts label Wordpress Posts migrationgroups    Wordpress source   plugin posts destination   plugin entitynode process   nid id   vid id   type type   langcode     plugin defaultvalue     defaultvalue und   title posttitle   uid postauthor   status     plugin defaultvalue     defaultvalue 1   bodyvalue postcontent   bodyformat normal   fieldimagetargetid postimage   fieldtagstargetid terms codepre  pIn my posts.php file, which handles all the fetching and processing of wordpress data, I have a function prepareTerms, which sets the property terms, which is used by the yaml file above. If I set this to a single value then the everything works as expectedp  precodeterms  4 rowgtsetSourcePropertyterms, terms codepre  pHowever, I want to set this property as an array for multiple taxonomy terms, like belowp  precoderesults  querygtexecutegtfetchAll  terms  array foreachresults as term    terms[]  term[termid]  terms  Yamldumpterms rowgtsetSourcePropertyterms, terms codepre  pAs each taxonomy term should be a number term ID, I should be just passing it an array of integers, but I cannot seem to map this to fieldtags. I have tried using Yamldump before setting the terms property in posts.php.  I have also tried the changing the yaml template to hardcode these, like belowp  precodefieldtagstargetid [1, 2]  fieldtagstargetid 01, 12  fieldtags targetid 1, targetid2 codepre  pLinked is a screenshot of a dummy node I created where I have assigned two taxonomy terms loaded through devel  a hrefhttpimgur.comnkqQoNG relnofollowhttpimgur.comnkqQoNGap  pAny help stronger appreciated p
Positive 3262 pI have custom views  using views module , which are pages where they display list of nodes  based on taxonomy . So i have my exmaple.comtvshows where it shows a list of nodes where fieldtaxonomycategory equals tvshow. I have another view cooking. p  pNow .. i want all those lists, tvshows, cooking and rest of the categories on my website, to make a custom display. I want to change the whole html structure of those lists.p  pAny suggestion how to do that in a best way  Thanksp
Positive 3262 pI think the question is selfexplanatory.p  pFor example i need a content type named person with 2 fields name, age.p  pI tried googling etc, but although there are many references on drupal 7 add content type programmatically, I can find no references for Drupal 8.p  pI was able to create content types in Drupal 7, but it seems things have changed a little bit.p  pAny references if not full code are welcome.p
Positive 3262 pI have created a view where I have a few fields that are set up as embedded views using the a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgprojectviewsfieldview relnofollowViews Field Viewa Module. The views I have embedded however are set up to replace theyre fields with a simple yes or no. I have used exposed filters on all of the other fields and they work fine. I was wondering if there is any way to set up an exposed filter on these embedded views however so a user can filter based on if the value of these fields is yes or no.p
Positive 3262 pI want check something by general utility variables. I test something like thisp  precode if loggedin  Hi dear  endif  codepre  pthats work but when I use this type of if nothing happensp  precode if frontpage  Hi dear  endif  codepre  por p  precode if nodetype  article  Hi dear  endif  codepre  pWhats wrong in my codep
Positive 3262 pso by default emlogintobogganem module should send one time verification link emails to newly registered users to validate their emails. But its not happening , p  psettings on page adminconfigsystemlogintobogginp  ul liallow users to login their email  strongEnabledstrongli liuse two emails  strongDisabledstrongli liset password  strongUncheckedstrongli linon authenticated role  emi have my ownemli ul  psettings on page adminconfigpeopleaccountsp  ul liwho can register  strongvisitorsstrongli lirequire email verification  strongcheckedstrongli ul  pemwelcomeno approval requiredem and emwelcomeuser created by adminem under emails has [uservalidateurl] token .p  pMoreover, if there is any other method to verify email on drupal7  please tell. thank you. p
Positive 3262 pI want to upload one file through codeIMCEcode and codeckeditorcode but codeIMCEcode uploads the same file too many times. It doesnt stop until you close the codeIMCEcode.p
Positive 3262 pOnce I do query to database I get such answerp  blockquote   pSQLSTATE[42000] Syntax error or access violation 1253 COLLATION   utf8danishci is not valid for CHARACTER SET latin1p blockquote  pIn my database I cant figure out what tablecolumn uses latin1. Is it possible to write select that would pick all tables or column with latin1p  pHere is an query example its Drupals queryp  precodeSELECT fielddatafieldaccountantcity.fieldaccountantcitytargetid AS fielddatafieldaccountantcityfieldaccountantcitytarge, MINnode.nid AS nid, node AS fielddatafieldaccountantcitynodeentitytype FROM  node node LEFT JOIN fielddatafieldaccountantcity fielddatafieldaccountantcity ON node.nid  fielddatafieldaccountantcity.entityid AND fielddatafieldaccountantcity.entitytype  node AND fielddatafieldaccountantcity.deleted  0 WHERE  node.type IN  accountant  GROUP BY fielddatafieldaccountantcitynodeentitytype, fielddatafieldaccountantcityfieldaccountantcitytarge ORDER BY fielddatafieldaccountantcityfieldaccountantcitytarge COLLATE utf8danishci ASC codepre
Positive 3262 pI am Trying To Add Help Button On Module Menu . I have Doing Lots Off RampD but Failed . BTW Here is My Code p  pstrongmyfirstmodule.infostrongp  precodename  My Module description  embedded Video Comment core  7.x codepre  pstrongmyfirstmodule.modulestrongp  precodeltphp    Implements hookhelp.    function myfirstmodulehelppath, arg    if path  adminhelpmyfirstmodule      return tA demonstration module.     codepre  blockquote   pI have Cleared Cache But help link isnt appearp blockquote
Positive 3262 pHere is that piece of makefile where im trying to load my custom theme dst from githubp  precode Themes projects[dsttheme][type]  theme projects[dsttheme][directoryname]  dst projects[dsttheme][download][type]  git projects[dsttheme][download][url]   httpsgithub.comfarruhmirisoevdst.git projects[dsttheme][download][branch]  master codepre  pSo when i run p  precodedrush make test.make codepre  p...here is what occuresp  precodeUnable to clone dsttheme from httpsgithub.comfarruhmirisoevdst.git codepre  pWhat am I doing wrong  Any related example would be much appreciated p
Positive 3262 pIn Drupal 7 views, is there a way to apply filter option to just one of the field column. I searched around for this but cannot find any information or module about it.p  pFor example I have a taxonomy based view, and have 2 content types which has term reference and a value attached field collection to that taxonomy. The view output looks like thisp  pre Term ID  Nid  Content type  Amount  1        2    Type A        5       1        3    Type A        10      1        4    Type B        15      2        5    Type A        20      pre  pIf I filter by content type  B, then I get thisp  pre Term ID  Nid  Content type  Amount  1        4    Type B        15      pre  pWhat I want to achieve is something like this insteadp  pre Term ID  Type A  Type B  1        5               1        10              1                15       2        20              pre
Positive 3262 pI am relatively new to Drupal. I have a drupal site on my staging but I would like to transfer the site to production server. My question is Is doing drush archivedump enough to do this I tried doing this and it seems like the site is not loading the configurations correctly I already executed the sql commands from the file generated by the dump.p
Positive 3262 pI tried installing Drupal on my local server, and everything worked fine. I installed Drupal on my localhost, and then I tried to transfer the same Drupal directory on my server using FileZilla. Changed my codesettings.phpcode file in accordance to my server MySql settings as followsp  precodedatabases  array    default gt    array      default gt      array        database gt manasdrupal,       username gt XXXXXXX,       password gt XXXXXXX,       host gt 127.0.0.1,       port gt ,       driver gt mysql,       prefix gt ,     ,   ,  codepre  pHowever, when I tried accessing the website where the Drupal installation should have been present, I encounter the following errorp  precodePDOException SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] Connection refused in lockmaybeavailable line 167 of homemanasgemanas.getevangelized.comdrupalincludeslock.inc. codepre  pNow, line 167 of codelock.inccode contains the following functionp  precodefunction lockmaybeavailablename    lock  dbquerySELECT expire, value FROM semaphore WHERE name  name, arrayname gt namegtfetchAssoc   if lock      return TRUE      expire  float lock[expire]   now  microtimeTRUE   if now gt expire       We check two conditions to prevent a race condition where another      request acquired the lock and set a new expire time. We add a small      number to expire to avoid errors with float to string conversion.     return bool dbdeletesemaphore       gtconditionname, name       gtconditionvalue, lock[value]       gtconditionexpire, 0.0001  expire, lt       gtexecute      return FALSE  codepre  pWhat seems to be wrong here Everything works fine on my localhost, but I cant seem to get this thing working on my main host. For reference, this is the link where my Drupal directory is hosted  codehttpmanas.getevangelized.comdrupalcodep  pAlso, I have an empty database named codemanasdrupalcode defined in PHPMyAdmin already. Also, I made sure that the username and password for MySQL in codesettings.phpcode were entered correctly.p
Positive 3262 pIn Drupal 7, I use the module views aggregation plus.p  pThere are 2 columns A and B which I apply a group aggregation of Average and Sum respectively. I want to have a 3rd column C which does a math expression A  B after the grouping. How can I achieve this An example belowp  pBefore groupingp  pre ID  Column A  Column B  Column C 1   5         10        5 1   5         10        5  2   5         10        5 pre  pWhat I get currentlyp  pre ID  Column A  Column B  Column C   1   5         20        10 2   5         10        5 pre  pWhat I want to getp  pre ID  Column A  Column B  Column C   1   5         20        15 2   5         10        5 pre  pI tried retrieving the values of the summed field using devel module, and while I get this ...[viewscontextuallinksinfo][viewsui][view]stylepluginrenderedfields[2][expression1]p  pI tried outputting that using Views PHP but it doesnt return back the correct value. I believe it is only returning back the value prior to being summed by the views aggregator plus.p
Positive 3262 pA question about Drupal 7s module xmlsitemap  p  pIve created a content type and set it to be excluded from the sitemap. After a while, I set it to be included in the sitemap.p  pSo now all the new items of this content type are included in the sitemap, but I also have thousands of old items which are excluded from the sitemap.p  pHow can I change all the existing old items of that content type, to be included in the current sitemap p  pI dont want to go over the old items one by one and change them to be included. Is there a way to do it p
Positive 3262 pI need to open waze from a Drupal 7 web site using google map. Is it possible p  pTried this steps but didnt workp  pa hrefhttpwww.drupalfx.comcontentnavigatewazedrupal relnofollowhttpwww.drupalfx.comcontentnavigatewazedrupalap  pThank you p
Positive 3262 pI am trying to port a Drupal Module and I am stuck. I understand first function thats called inside the class is urlstat for upload. But what is called after that, I dont have any idea.  I want to understand a complete PHP File Stream. Please give any Pointers, where I can learn. p
Positive 3262 pIn D7, with Devel, CTools and a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgprojectajaxregister relnofollowAjax LoginRegister pluginsa, I get an alert on submitting the login form on a hrefhttpp262957.mittwaldserver.infodrupaluserlogin relnofollowhttpp262957.mittwaldserver.infodrupaluserloginap  pIm using a custom child theme based on banana. I already tried the instructions herein a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgnode1008664 relnofollowhttpswww.drupal.orgnode1008664a that say that I should asure loading jquery.form.js before ajax.js.p  pDoes anybody have an idea Thanks in advance.p  pI have nothing login specific coded so far except in html.tpl.php p  precodeltphp    formelement  drupalgetformuserlogin    form  drupalrenderformelement    print form gt codepre  pThe rest comes from the plugins, especially Ajax LoginRegister plugins.p
Positive 3262 pI have moved my Drupal site into new server. Unluckily now all my file links containing polish letters in names are broken. p  pI have looked threw the scriptdatabasefile system to find out what is wrong and found the followingp  ul liDrupal shows the following errorli ul  blockquote   psitesdefaultfilesBaranowskaBadania20naukowe20i20testowanie20nowych20lekC3B3w20na20ludziach20i20zwierzC499tachaspekt20prawny20i20etyczny0.pdfp blockquote  ul liThe file exists on server and is accessible but under the following linkli ul  blockquote precode httpppes.mage.plsitesdefaultfilesBaranowskaBadania20naukowe20i20testowanie20nowych20lekow20na20ludziach20i20zwierzetachaspekt20prawny20i20etyczny0.pdf codepre blockquote  ul liIn mysql the file link looks like thisli ul  blockquote precodepublicBaranowskaBadania naukowe i testowanie nowych lekw na ludziach i zwierztachaspekt prawny i etyczny0.pdf codepre blockquote  pAs you may see the problem is with link encoding. File names in SQL contain polish letters when real file names on linux system does not.p  pI would like to ask you whether there is any easy way to solve this out or the only way is to manually replace all polish chars in database with their respective nonpolish equivalents eg.   e    op
Positive 3262 pI have a problem but do not know how to move, so I would advise ...p  pI want to create a dynamic menu in drupal mainmenu. The current one is ugly, is a list. I want a menu where there are different voices, and during the hover event appears a little window with the sub. Or by moving a menu with submenus that are activated at the click of the item.p  pI have no problem with JavaScript to create anything ...p  pThe real problem is that I do not know how to act to achieve this. In my case the mainmenu is created I think from the strongmodule blockstrong.p  pMaybe I should change something in the formp  pI wish I had some of your advice ... There are lightweight modules that allow me to create menus that editable adding file.js p  pThanks a lot..p  pand sorry if the question is too general.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  ppractically the mainmenu is called strongblocksystemmainmenustrong, I could create a js file that runs every tag li menu items, and bring up submenus durnate the hover or clickp  pYou think its good as an idea fast or weight code, slow to loadp
Positive 3262 pI made a bootstrap ecommerce website. I came to know that the Drupal CMS has all the feautures that I need to get things done in my website. The only thing that I need now is How do I convert my site into a drupal themep  pI saw many tutorials which tell how to convert HTML into drupal theme, nut I am not sure how to integrate Bootstrap theme with it. Acquia might help, but I am not sure if it would be flexible enoughp  pCan someone tell me how do I convert my site, briefly, in stepsp
Positive 3262 pI have a template for ablock in my drupal 7.p  pThe file block.tpl.php is like thisp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltphp print rendertitleprefix gt ltphp if blockgtsubject gt  lth3ltphp print titleattributes gtgtltphp print blockgtsubject gtlth3gt  ltphp endifgt ltphp print rendertitlesuffix gt    ltli classleftMenugoPortaloptions styledisplay listitemgt ltul classgnsubmenugt  print contentattributes gt ltphp print content gt  ltulgt ltligtcodepre div div p  pI want to change the content variable, because my content area in on the site all is like ul or li.p  pI need to have 2 variables, one for block content and one for site content.p  pTNXp
Positive 3262 pI want to find sites using ubercart marketplace module because I want to see how it looks and inspiration on how do I make my site.p  pIs there any google search syntax for finding such sitesp
Positive 3262 pAny module available in drupal7 to assign users in team Team Lead can able to see information about him team members nodep
Positive 3262 pTrying to implement an unlimited value date field in a custom module form. Ive been trying to follow the examples in a a hrefhttprapiddg.combloguseajaxsupportmultipleitemvaluescustomdrupal7forms relnofollowblog post on unlimited item values in formsa and a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgnode752056 relnofollowDrupal documentation on ajax formsa.p  pIve tried adding the equivalent of the codecustomregistrationformcode function code from the blog post above to my form builder function and ajax callback, but cant get additional date fields to show up when my ajaxenabled button is clicked. The codeformstate[storage]code data is available after clicking the save button for the form as a whole, but I cant tell if its being used in the ajax callback properly.p  pAny ideas on implementing an unlimited value field in a module or links to examples would be appreciated. Unlimited fields seem like such basic functionality to Drupals Field API, but I cant find any good examples of implementing this in custom code.p
Positive 3262 pIve copied over from the views modules theme folder viewsexposedform.tpl.php to themesmythemeviews also tried themesmytheme and renamed as viewsexposedfiltercommercereportsproducts.tpl.php and viewsexposedfiltercommercereportsproducts.tpl.php.p  pAfter flushing cache and rescanning the templates in the view, it still will not show. If I edit the original viewsexposedform.tpl.php it will show the changes.p  pI got the view name from the Themes link in the view viewsviewfieldcommercereportsproducts.tpl.phpp  pDoes anyone know what else I might have to do, or why this is not workingp
Positive 3262 pIm pretty new to Drupal, Ive done some maintenance works on some websites, but nothing very complicated.p  pIm developing now a website with Durpal 7 and I would like to get some advice about the structure of my content to get what I need.p  pHere is the structure of my Mainmenup  precodeAbout us   itemabout 1   itemabout 2   itemabout 3 Contact   itemcontact 1   itemcontact 2   itemcontact 3 codepre  pIn my main navigation, I have only the top level items of Mainmenu About us and Contact without any drop down for sub items.p  ol lipI would like to have a secondary menu on the left on About us page with sub items of About us. And I would like them to open inside About us page as a sub content, not in a new page. Do you see what I mean   Can I do this only with my Mainmenu structure or do I need to change my content structure  I check the Node Hierarchy module, but Im not sure to see exactly how I can use it to fit my needs.pli lipOn the homepage, I would like to have three blocks with Contacts sub items content and a Read more button. How can I query like my Mainmenu structure to get Contacts sub item linked page content  Once again, is it possible with my current structure or not pli ol  pThanks a lot for your help and advice  p
Positive 3262 pIm hoping someone can help me out with this because I have been stuck on this for days...p  pI have a bunch of webforms that each user needs to submit. I figured out how to show a view of the webforms the logged in user has submitted, but what I am stuck on is showing the webforms the user has NOT submitted in a view. So it would be a list of the webforms the user still needs to fill out.p  pThere must be something small I am overlooking. I appreciate any ideas or help, thanksp
Positive 3262 pI have created a view with the module views. I would like to customize the rendering of the single row but cant find which template I have to create. In the Page Theming information section of the edit of my view, I can see these suggestionsp  pDisplay output viewsview.tpl.php File not found, in folder ., viewsviewrank.tpl.php, viewsviewdefault.tpl.php, viewsviewdefault.tpl.php, viewsviewpage.tpl.php, viewsviewrankpage.tpl.phpp  pStyle output viewsviewunformatted.tpl.php File not found, in folder ., viewsviewunformattedrank.tpl.php, viewsviewunformatteddefault.tpl.php, viewsviewunformatteddefault.tpl.php, viewsviewunformattedpage.tpl.php, viewsviewunformattedrankpage.tpl.phpp  pRow style output .tpl.php, rank.tpl.php, default.tpl.php, default.tpl.php, page.tpl.php, rankpage.tpl.phpp  pWhy the prefix for the Row style output suggestions are empty p
Positive 3262 pActually I am trying to create drupal module  .  But I am Faild p  pHere is my Code  . I just want to display Iframe by using module .p  pstrongCODE MYinfo.infostrongp  precodename  MYinfo description  embedded widget core  7.x codepre  pstrongCODE Myinfo.modulestrongp  precode   file   MYinfo.module       Implements hookmenu.   function MYinfomenu    items  array   return items      Implements hookformalter.   function MYinfoformalter    codepre  pCan Anyone hel me how to create it . p
Positive 3262 pI have migrate EE users in to Drupal using usersave function but when users are trying to login with EE password they can not able to login and getting password is wrong. I have used below code to migrate data. p  precodeforeachresult as eeUser       drupalUser  userloadbynameeeUser[username]      if drupalUser          userarray  array             name gt eeUser[username],             pass gt eeUser[password],             mail gt eeUser[email],             status gt 1                  usersaveaccount, userarray      codepre
Positive 3262 pI have a custom content type called events which has a few fields defined in it. p  pThe field name is codefieldstorenamecode. I can get all the options from these check boxes using this code p  precodeform[fieldstore][und][options] codepre  pThis is how I get the options that are strongselectedcheckedstrong. Is this the correct way of doing thisp  precodeformstate[buildinfo][args][0]gtfieldstore[und] codepre  pThanksp
Positive 3262 pHow to display categories with views like thisp  pstrongCategory1strongp  pSubcategory1, Subcategory2, Subcategory3...p  pstrongCategory2strongp  pSubcategory1, Subcategory2, Subcategory3...p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comz3K9K.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comz3K9K.png altenter image description hereap
Positive 3262 pI need to open waze from a Drupal 7 web site. Is it possible Thank you p
Positive 3262 pI have a list of TV shows.  Each TV show may be blacked out in 0 or more timezones.  To say that a show is blacked out in a timezone means that the network does not have rights to air the show in that timezone.  This data looks like thisp  precode  ID          Show            1  Nightly News           2  Primetime Sitcom       3  Daytime Talkshow       4  Nightly News II        5  Daytime Talkshow II    6  Nightly News III             join        v   ID  Timezone Restriction     1  EST                     1  CST                     1  PST                     2  EST                     2  CST                     3  PST                     5  CST                     5  PST                     6  HST                    codepre  pNot all shows are timezone restricted most are not.  Given this data, I need to fetch a list contains as many results as necessary in order to supply 2 shows in each timezone that are not blacked out.  The results should be ordered by ID, with each timezone seeing the lowest possible unrestricted IDs.p  pFor instance, in the above dataset, this hypothetical query would return rows 14, e.gp  precode  ID        Show        Restrictions     1  Nightly News      EST,CST,PST     2  Primetime Sitcom  EST,CST         3  Daytime Talkshow  PST             4  Nightly News II   None           codepre  pAs you can see, in the above result set, all timezones have at least 2 shows which are unrestricted.  A viewer in EST or CST could watch programs 3 and 4.  A viewer in PST could view programs 2 and 4.  A viewer in MST or HST could view programs 1 and 2.p  pI cant for the life of me figure out the SQL that would get at this problem sidenote, I dont actually need the restrictions column in my result, thats just here for explanatory purposes.p
Positive 3262 pI have a page type Promotion. The pages template has a region, inside the region there are two blocks created with structuresblocks being rendered.p  pI have different versions of the blocks text, color, etc. What I want to do is have a THEMENAMEpreprocess  function to switch between blocks depending on a specific condition.p  pFor example if user is a member then display block21 and block22, if user did this or that then display block23 and block24.p  pCan you please advice me how to do thatp
Positive 3262 pi have a question about writing a rule in the htaccess file which is located in the root directory of drupal. We use the Drupal 7 version. p  pWe want to write a rule for the url that when i go to the page newpage1name it should target the oldpageid1ampusername. So the targetpage is a page which is created in drupal itself a added content from a contenttype.p  pBut i always get the same Page not foundError. I can access the oldpage by the wayp  pI tried some rules about simply rewriteUrl without any parameters to make a start. But it also didnt work for me. Here my tryp  precodeRewriteRule oldpage newpage [L,R301] codepre  pThis line is below this partp  precode   Pass all requests not referring directly to files in the filesystem to    index.php. Clean URLs are handled in drupalenvironmentinitialize.   RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f   RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d   RewriteCond REQUESTURI favicon.ico   RewriteRule  index.php [L] codepre  pSo are there any special rules for writing rules in the htaccess file in drupal maybe especially in version 7 or what is wrong on my codep
Positive 3262 pI want to theme this page nodeaddclassified.  I tried creating pagenodeadd.tpl.php, pageclassifiedadd.tpl.php, pagenodeclassifiedadd.tpl.php refreshing cache all the time...Nothing worksp  pI tried also implementing hooktheme and hookpreprocesspage.p
Positive 3262 pI created a content type matches, and added two taxonomy fields  hometeam and awayteam. Both fields are saved in taxonomy vocabulary with name teams.p  pI want to make a view that show me awayteam related nodes. What i want is to get awayteam name from the current node and show nodes where hometeam or awayteam is like current node awayteam name. I watch a lot of tutorials, but i cannot make it right.  p
Positive 3262 pI am stuck into a problem from hours which has occurred due to  symbol in message while sending an email. Does anyone know how to resolve this, It may save mine a lot of time. following is my code p  precodemessage . ltpgt .giftcardgtfieldfromname[und][0][value]. has sent you a gift card ltpgt codepre  pwhere codegiftcardgtfieldfromname[und][0][value]code returns email id  which contains  sign  and when I remove this line from complete message it works properlyp
Negative 3262 pMy colleagues are attempting to connect BizTalk 2006 R2 via DB2MVS adapter to a database hosted on zOS mainframe. When testing the connecting settings, they are getting the following errorp  precodeCould not connect to data source New Data Source The network connection was terminated because the host failed to send any data. SQLSTATE 08S01, SQLCODE 605 codepre  pWhen putting the settings in a regular connection string and opening with .NET code, that is fine. I am new to BizTalk and DB2. Can anybody suggest what to look out for when this error surfacesp  pstrong24 Aug 08strongp  pWell, if normal .NET code with a regular DB2 connection string is used, the connection can be made and queries submitted. What this DB2 adapter is reporting is it cannot even make a proper connection handshake, let alone submitting queries. I am unsure of what are the actual mechanisms involved to make a DB2 connection happen.p  pstrong25 Aug 08strongp  blockquote   pAccording to a hrefhttpforums.microsoft.commsdnshowpost.aspxpostid1155829ampsiteid1ampsb0ampd1ampat7ampft11amptf0amppageid0 relnofollowthis MSDN forums postinga, it seems to be a login issue.p blockquote  pI have seen that and that is not the case here. If we put the user name as the Package Collection it still hits the same problem.p  pstrong26 Aug 08strongp  pBecause of the scarcity of information regarding connecting to mainframe DB2 databases from Microsoft products, I undertook the task of inspecting raw network packets to get a clue what is going on between the .NET DB2 providers connection which works and the BizTalk 2006 DB2 adapter which bombs. I observed DB2 traffic is done using the DRDA protocol. And ultimately concluded the BizTalk adapter method fails because of whats recorded in the servers reply SECCHKRM packetp  precodeDRDA Security Check     DDM SECCHKRM         Length 55         Magic 0xd0         Format 0x02             0...  Reserved Not set             .0..  Chained Not set             ..0.  Continue Not set             ...0  Same correlation Not set             DSS type RPYDSS 2         CorrelId 0         Length2 49         Code point SECCHKRM 0x1219     Parameter Severity Code         Length 6         Code point SVRCOD 0x1149         Data ASCII          Data EBCDIC      Parameter Security Check Code         Length 5         Code point SECCHKCD 0x11a4         Data ASCII          Data EBCDIC      Parameter Server Diagnostic Information         Length 34         Code point SRVDGN 0x1153         Data ASCII 304331304301301331z301344343310305325343311303301343311326325206201211223205204         Data EBCDIC DRDA AR AUTHENTICATION failed codepre  pWhy the same credentials fails here while succeeding in the .NET provider is beyond me. Right now, what I can observe is a marked difference between each method when it comes to the sequence of packets transferred.p  p.NET DB2 providerp  precodeNo.     Time        Source                Destination           Protocol Info       1 0.000000    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          TCP      kpop gt 50000 [SYN] Seq0 Win65535 Len0 MSS1460 WS1       2 0.000399    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         TCP      50000 gt kpop [SYN, ACK] Seq0 Ack1 Win16384 Len0 MSS1460 WS0       3 0.000414    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          TCP      kpop gt 50000 [ACK] Seq1 Ack1 Win65536 [TCP CHECKSUM INCORRECT] Len0       4 0.000532    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     EXCSAT  ACCSEC       5 0.038162    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     EXCSATRD  ACCSECRD       6 0.041829    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     ACCSEC  SECCHK  ACCRDB       7 0.083626    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         TCP      50000 gt kpop [ACK] Seq108 Ack542 Win65535 Len0       8 0.190534    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     ACCSECRD  SECCHKRM  ACCRDBRM  SQLCARD       9 0.199776    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     PRPSQLSTT  SQLATTR  SQLSTT  OPNQRY      10 0.293307    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         TCP      [TCP segment of a reassembled PDU]      11 0.293359    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         TCP      [TCP segment of a reassembled PDU]      12 0.293377    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          TCP      kpop gt 50000 [ACK] Seq870 Ack1444 Win64092 [TCP CHECKSUM INCORRECT] Len0      13 0.293404    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         TCP      [TCP segment of a reassembled PDU]      14 0.293452    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         TCP      [TCP segment of a reassembled PDU]      15 0.293461    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          TCP      kpop gt 50000 [ACK] Seq870 Ack2516 Win65536 [TCP CHECKSUM INCORRECT] Len0      16 0.293855    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         TCP      [TCP segment of a reassembled PDU]      17 0.293908    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     SQLDARD      18 0.293918    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          TCP      kpop gt 50000 [ACK] Seq870 Ack3588 Win64464 [TCP CHECKSUM INCORRECT] Len0      19 0.293957    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     QRYDSC      20 0.294008    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     QRYDTA      21 0.294017    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          TCP      kpop gt 50000 [ACK] Seq870 Ack4660 Win65536 [TCP CHECKSUM INCORRECT] Len0      22 0.294023    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     SQLCARD      23 0.295346    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     RDBCMM      24 0.297868    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     ENDUOWRM  SQLCARD      25 0.421392    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     PRPSQLSTT  SQLATTR  SQLSTT  OPNQRY      26 0.456504    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     SQLDARD  OPNQRYRM  TYPDEFNAM  QRYDSC  QRYDTA  ENDQRYRM  TYPDEFNAM  SQLCARD      27 0.456756    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     RDBCMM      28 0.488311    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     ENDUOWRM  SQLCARD      29 0.498806    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     PRPSQLSTT  SQLATTR  SQLSTT  OPNQRY      30 0.630477    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         TCP      50000 gt kpop [ACK] Seq5157 Ack1579 Win65171 Len0      31 0.788165    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     SQLDARD  OPNQRYRM  TYPDEFNAM  QRYDSC  QRYDTA      32 0.788203    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     ENDQRYRM      33 0.788225    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          TCP      kpop gt 50000 [ACK] Seq1579 Ack5815 Win64380 [TCP CHECKSUM INCORRECT] Len0      34 0.788648    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     RDBCMM      35 0.795951    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     ENDUOWRM  SQLCARD      36 0.807365    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     PRPSQLSTT  SQLATTR  SQLSTT  OPNQRY      37 0.838046    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     SQLDARD  OPNQRYRM  TYPDEFNAM  QRYDSC  QRYDTA  ENDQRYRM  TYPDEFNAM  SQLCARD      38 0.838328    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     RDBCMM      39 0.841866    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]         DRDA     ENDUOWRM  SQLCARD      40 0.973506    [client IP]         [DB2 server IP]          TCP      kpop gt 50000 [ACK] Seq1906 Ack6304 Win65482 [TCP CHECKSUM INCORRECT] Len0 codepre  pBizTalk DB2 adapterp  precodeNo.     Time        Source                Destination           Protocol Info       1 0.000000    [client IP]          [DB2 server IP]          TCP      28165 gt 50000 [SYN] Seq0 Win8192 Len0 MSS1460 WS8       2 0.002587    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]          TCP      50000 gt 28165 [SYN, ACK] Seq0 Ack1 Win16384 Len0 MSS1460 WS0       3 0.010146    [client IP]          [DB2 server IP]          TCP      28165 gt 50000 [ACK] Seq1 Ack1 Win65536 Len0       4 0.019698    [client IP]          [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     EXCSAT       5 0.020849    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]          DRDA     EXCSATRD       6 0.034699    [client IP]          [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     ACCSEC       7 0.036584    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]          DRDA     ACCSECRD       8 0.042031    [client IP]          [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     SECCHK       9 0.046350    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]          DRDA     SECCHKRM      10 0.046642    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]          TCP      50000 gt 28165 [FIN, ACK] Seq160 Ack200 Win65336 Len0      11 0.053787    [client IP]          [DB2 server IP]          TCP      28165 gt 50000 [ACK] Seq200 Ack161 Win65536 Len0      12 0.056891    [client IP]          [DB2 server IP]          DRDA     ACCRDB      13 0.058084    [DB2 server IP]          [client IP]          TCP      50000 gt 28165 [RST, ACK] Seq161 Ack295 Win0 Len0 codepre  pIt is interesting to witness the .NET provider issue out various DRDA protocol packets within in a single TCP segment. The BizTalk adapter on the other hand, places only one protocol packet per TCP segment. I do not know why this is so. However, I at the moment think that is a red herring and the true difference causing the failure in authentication is in the DRDA data exchange. I do not know the DRDA protocol so will have to study it before I can make more sense of it.p  pstrong18 Sep 08strongp  pAt this stage the problem is still not solved, as getting cooperation from the DB2 DBA team and help from Microsoft have been met with many obstacles.p  pWhat I do want to report is, I have observed perhaps one crucial difference between all the cases of successful connection versus the failed attemptp  pThe BizTalk DB2 adapter is underlyingly using strongMicrosoft ODBC Driver for DB2strong. The other software tests that succeed make use of strongIBM DB2 ODBC DRIVERstrong or strongIBM DB2 ODBC DRIVER  IBMCL1strong. The IBM drivers parameter configuration is different from Microsofts driver. But we do not see any obviously critical difference that may lead to a failed authentication for the Microsoft driver.p
Negative 3262 pIm learning objectivec and keep bumping into the  symbol. It is used in different scenarios, for example at the start of a string or to synthesise accessor methods. p  pWhats does the  symbol mean in objectivecp
Negative 3262 pI have an object in a multithreaded environment that maintains a collection of information, e.g.p  precodepublic IListltstringgt Data       get               return data       codepre  pI currently have codereturn datacode wrapped by a codeReaderWriterLockSlimcode to protect the collection from sharing violations.  However, to be doubly sure, Id like to return the collection as readonly, so that the calling code is unable to make changes to the collection, only view whats already there.  Is this at all possible  p
Negative 3262 pI noticed that my Designer.vb file of one of my forms has stronga lotstrong of controls that arent even used or visible on my form.  This is probably from copying controls from my other forms.  Is there a way to clean up the Designer.vb file and get rid of all the unused controlsp  pUPDATE This is for a Windows Form project.p
Negative 3262 pIf I issue the find command as follows p  precodefind . name .ear codepre  pIt prints outp  precode.dir1dir2earFile1.ear .dir1dir2earFile2.ear .dir1dir3earFile1.ear codepre  pWhat I want to print to the command line is the name and the sizep  precode.dir1dir2earFile1.ear  5000 KB .dir1dir2earFile2.ear  5400 KB .dir1dir3earFile1.ear  5400 KB codepre
Negative 3262 pIm looking for a good, clean way to go around the fact that PHP5 still doesnt support multiple inheritance. Heres the class hierarchyp  pMessagebr     TextMessagebr       InvitationTextMessagebr     EmailMessagebr       InvitationEmailMessage  p  pThe two types of Invitation classes have a lot in common id love to have a common parent class, Invitation, that they both would inherit from. Unfortunately, they also have a lot in common with their current ancestors... TextMessage and EmailMessage. Classical desire for multiple inheritance here. p  pWhats the most lightweight approach to solve the issue p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to change user input in wildcard form codewordcode to a regular expression format.  To that end, Im using the code below to strip off the codecode at the beginning and end of the input so that I can add the regular expression characters on either endp  precodestringiterator    iterbegin  expressionBuilder.begin stringiterator    iterend  expressionBuilder.end iterend if chariterbegin   ampamp chariterend        expressionBuilder.eraseiterbegin     expressionBuilder.eraseiterend     expressionBuilder  bw  expressionBuilder  wb  codepre  pHowever, the call to codeexpressionBuilder.eraseiterendcode does emnotem erase the trailing codecode from the input string so I wind up with an incorrect regular expression.  What am I doing wrong here  codechariterend  code must be true for the code inside the if statment to run which it does, so why doesnt the same iterator work when passed to erasep
Negative 3262 pI try get the a hrefhttpflashmp3player.netplayersjs relnofollowmp3 flash playera to work with my javascript on all browsers. All went well for first, but fast realized that my code doesnt work on MSIE.p  pAfter trying to find out  I found this in the reference codep  precodelt[if IE]gt ltscript typetextjavascript eventFSCommandcommand,args formyFlashgt evalargs ltscriptgt lt[endif]gt codepre  pHow to turn this into a javascript or jquery clause that I could stuff it where it belongs to in audio.jsp
Negative 3262 pIm exploring a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comiphonelibrarysamplecodeNavBarindex.html relnofollowthe NavBar examplea from the iPhone dev center.p  pMore specifically, Im trying to understand where the MainViewController object is instantiated and I simply cant find where this is happening.p  pThe only references to the MainViewController class is in AppDelegate, where there is a forward declaration and import.  However, removing these sentences doesnt affect the program whatsoever.p  pThe object is probably created in the nib file, but again, I cant find it.p  pI really like the Xcode development environment.  What I dont like, however, is that there are some many different places where objects can be createdconnected that it makes it really hard to understand somebody elses code.p  pAny help will be appreciated.p
Negative 3262 pIve always been wondering if there are differences between the way to code, lets say, in Germany and in India.p  pOf course, human relationships are completely different and fit the social context. Hierarchy, management, pay amount, working time or religious practices entirely change a lot of things.p  pBut does this affect the way you code  Did you notice, while traveling or teaming with somebody from abroad, that something in the method or the code has another taste p  pThis is not language related, I am French, live in Spain, but we code in English. I assume most of us do.p  pI tend to feel that American are more straightforward that French in the way they solve problem, but I dont think it can be limited to programming so maybe its a wrong example.p  phr p  pWARNING  Please dont let this question divert to racial abuse.p
Negative 3262 pI would like to ensure that I only subscribe once in a particular class for an event on an instance.p  pFor example I would like to be able to do the followingp  precodeif not already subscribed      member.Event  new MemeberClass.Delegatehandler  codepre  pHow would I go about implementing such a guardp
Negative 3262 pAt my work we have our own XML classes which build a DOM, but Im not sure how consecutive whitespace should be handledp  pe.g.p  precodeltsometextgt Hello     World ltsometextgt codepre  pWhen this is read into the DOM, should the text node include the consecutive whitespace inbetween Hello and World or just reduce it to one spacep  pOr should the XML source be written like thisp  pre ltsometextgt Hello ampnbspampnbspampnbspampnbspWorld ltsometextgt pre  por if not ampnbsp than perhaps amp32 p
Negative 3262 pI have been finding myself using the a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiChainofresponsibilitypattern relnofollowChain of Responsibilitya pattern often 3 times is often for me in my current project and Im wondering if I have become a little overenthusiastic about the solution. Specifically, I have been using the Apache Commons a hrefhttpcommons.apache.orgchain relnofollowchain projecta. So, far I have been quite impressed by how it has simplified a number of complex interchangeable pieces of app logic into a more cohesive and organized whole. However, a few of the newer people on the project seem to have difficulty getting it. What are your experiences with it What problems have you encountered in its implementationp  pSo far, the only problem I have noticed that it is when you are trying to deal with objects that need to be closed. Having those objects stored in your Context class makes for a pain when you have completed the execution of your chain. I was able to work around this using Filters instead of Commands, but it seems a little unintuitive because your close statements are often very far away from where the object was instantiated.p  pAnyways, I would love to hear the thoughts from some developers who have more experience that I with this pattern.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pUsing the locbaml method, Ive created a new resource dll and am trying to programatically change the CurrentCulture and CurrentUICulture on the fly, but it doesnt seem to be working.  p  precodeSystem.Globalization.CultureInfo ci  new System.Globalization.CultureInfoarSA System.Threading.Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentUICulture  ci System.Threading.Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentCulture  ci codepre  pAm I missing something obviousp
Negative 3262 pI use to be on a shared host and I could use there standard tools to look at bandwidth graph.p  pI now have my sites running on a dedicated server and I have no idea whats going on P emsighemp  pI have installed webmin on my Fedora core 10 machine and I would like to monitor bandwidth. I was about to setup the bandwidth module and it gave me this warningp  precodeWarning  this module will log ALL network traffic sent or received on the  selected interface. This will consume a large amount of disk space and CPU time on a fast network connection. codepre  pIsnt there anything I can use that is more light weight and suitable for a NOOB cough Free tool coughp  pThanks for any help.p
Negative 3262 pCan anyone help me to configure struts 2.0.14 Im using tomcat 6.0. I want to know what is the procedure to build my first application in struts. Also tell me how xml is used to build a struts application. I have tried and tired of Google and thats why Im here. Please suggest some nice tutorials for struts from your own experience.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to find a way to allow really long text in an HTML link to wrap while containing the link in a compact rectangle.p  pEssentially, I want thisp  pre                       bwith a really, reallyb     Here is some text blong link that wrapsb   and here is some more text.                       baround in a rectangleb pre  pInstead ofp  pre    Here is some text bwith a really, really long link that wrapsb    baround in a rectangleb and here is some more text. pre  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 3262 pI am looking for how to implement a toolbar similar to the one used here when you add a new question, this toolbar should format the text entered in my text box and allow me to make it Bold, Italic, choose size and fond and highlights, colors as well... One important thing, I want one that is both supported on firefox and IE, discountasp.net offers one which is only supported by IE.p  pPS I am coding my website in asp.net 3.5, vb.net, MS SQL 2005 Express, and all is done with MS VWD 2008 express.p  pAnd I may add that I am not a programming guru, I just make things work, so keep it simple folks p  pthanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pIve created a simple parameterless stored procedure which Ive pasted below. Ive imported the stored procedure to my Entity Model and created a Function Import. The function in the model is never created and I am unable to execute this stored procedure using the ADO.NET Entity Framework. Ive opened the .edmx file in XML view and have confirmed there are no errors regarding this stored procedure. What am I doing wrong Is it really impossible to call such a simple stored procedure from the Entity Framework Ive set the return type for the import function to None seeing this stored procedure does not need to return any recordsets or values.p  pStored Procedurep  precodeALTER PROC [dbo].[InventorySnapshotCreate]  AS  SET NOCOUNT ON  DECLARE InventorySnapshotID int  INSERT INTO InventorySnapshots snapshottimestamp VALUES GETDATE  SET InventorySnapshotID  SCOPEIDENTITY  INSERT INTO InventorySnapshotProducts inventorysnapshotid,     idProduct, stock      SELECT InventorySnapshotID, idProduct, stock     FROM products   SET NOCOUNT OFF codepre  pCode trying to execute stored procedurep  precodeDim db As New MilkModel  db.InventorySnapshotCreate codepre
Negative 3262 pWhen R creates PDFs using pdf it includes a CreationDate and a ModDate in the PDF.  I have a number of such generated PDFs in an svn repository and the effect is that when figures are remade by R, even with the same data, they appear as modified rightly so to svn.  Whats the best way to get the two to play nicely togetherp  pI could simply remove those lines from the PDFs outside of R, but this extra step is undesirable.br  I could set the system time to some fixed value as part of the running the scripts, but this is even less desirable.br  I could probably even convince svn to use a specialized diff which ignored changes on those lines, but that sounds like more trouble than its worth.p  pA very pleasant solution would be if there were a way to prevent R putting those lines in the PDF file in the first place.  I have a file system to tell me when files were created and modified thankyouverymuch, I dont need that info stored within the file as well.p
Negative 3262 pI have a stored proc on an existing 3rd party application SQL 2005 that I wish to interact with.p  pIt is an insert statement followed by a select statement as followsp  pre       Set CustomerId  CastSCOPEIDENTITY As [int]      Select CustomerId pre  pUsing VB6 how do I access the value of CustomerIDp  precodeset rs  cmd.Execute codepre  pis not returning a resultset as expected...p  pb[Edit]b  p  pirs.Fields.Count is 0.    p  pAny attempt to access the resulting recordset, like brs0.Valueb simply causes an Item not found... error.ip
Negative 3262 pThe codepackagecode option for Shoes appears to be missing on Linux.  code.shoes.run packagecodep  pAny ideas where it isp
Negative 3262 pIve got two DropDownLists. First is visible and second is not. Id like to have something like this   p  ol liSelect value from first DDL.li liThen partial postback occurs  the data is retrieved from DB based on selection.li liSecond DDL is populatedli liSecond DDL is shown with i.e. slide effect javascriptli ol  pI dont want to have full postback. The final effect should be  p  pSelect value from first DDL and then below, slides down second DDL which is populated.p  pI dont have a clue how to start.p
Negative 3262 pI want to implement the two above mentioned image resampling algorithms bicubic and Lanczos in C. I know that there are dozens of existing implementations out there, but I still want to make my own. I want to make it partly because I want to understand how they work, and partly because I want to give them some capabilities not found in mainstream implementations like configurable multiCPU support and progress reporting.p  pI tried reading Wikipedia, but the stuff is a bit too dry for me. Perhaps there are some nicer explanations of these algorithms I couldnt find anything either on SO or Google.p  pstrongAddedstrong Seems like nobody can give me a good link about these topics. Can anyone at least try to explain them herep
Negative 3262 pI have a Compact Framework 2.0 app that consume a WCF service. The data that retrieve from the service will be store on a SQL Server 2005 CE.p  pThe SQL Server CE database has his own tables. I use a TableAdapter to access SQL Server CE and Insert and Select statement to store and retrieve data.p  pIs there a better way to do it p
Negative 3262 pI have an issue that I am sure someone out here have solved easier than what I am thinking to do.  I have a list that have name and number.  Name is required and could be duplicate and number could only be one, but not required.p  precodenamenumber A   2      A          B          C          C          D   4       codepre  pAt this moment I am performing a list.Distinct on the name part, but it does not care about the number section. p  precodenewlist  oldlist.Distinct.ToList codepre  pIf one name that is duplicate has a number I want to keep the one with the number, which is not happening.  The case of two same names and two different numbers will not happen.  Any ideasp  pOne more thing At this moment I dont care about sorting since distinct take care of that.p  pI am adding all the code for better visibility of the StackOverflow Teamp  precode    class ClientComparer  IEqualityComparerltClientgt      region IEqualityComparerltClientgt Members      public bool EqualsClient x, Client y              if x.ClientNumber  0 ampamp y.ClientNumber  0Both clients with numbers             if x.ClientNumber  y.ClientNumberboth clients number the same then same clients.                 return true             else if not the same they are different                 return false         else if x.ClientName  y.ClientName             return true         else             return false           public int GetHashCodeClient obj              if obj.ClientNumber  0             return obj.ClientNumber.GetHashCode         else             return obj.ClientName.GetHashCode      codepre  pAbove the IEqualityComparer implementation and below the Distinct Call.p  precode        public ListltClientgt CollectAllClients              ListltClientgt ClientList  new ListltClientgt         while this.Read                      if GetClientNumber  0                 ClientList.AddCreateClientInstance             else                 ClientList.AddRangeCreateClientsInstance                  ClientList  ClientList.DistinctltClientgtnew ClientComparer.ToListltClientgt          return ClientList      codepre
Negative 3262 pIf I throw an unhandled exception from ASP.NET, a warning is added to the eventlog as expected.p  pBut if the message in the exception contains a , the message in the eventlog gets garbledp  pIf the Message was p  precodeCould not find foo20bar codepre  pthe eventlog will read p  precodeCould not find foohttplocalhosttestpage.aspxbar codepre  pOther numeric values after the  will be converted to other strings.p  pIt looks like the message gets passed through a printfstatement somewhere on the way.p  pIs this per design Is there a way to avoid this besides making sure that exceptions are handledp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pIf I look at the XMLview under details in the eventlog, I seep  precodeltEvent xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwin200408eventseventgt ltSystemgt   ltProvider NameASP.NET 2.0.50727.0 gt    ltEventID Qualifiers32768gt1309ltEventIDgt    ltLevelgt3ltLevelgt    ltTaskgt3ltTaskgt    ltKeywordsgt0x80000000000000ltKeywordsgt    ltTimeCreated SystemTime20090626T111009.000Z gt    ltEventRecordIDgt130253ltEventRecordIDgt    ltChannelgtApplicationltChannelgt    ltComputergtXXXltComputergt    ltSecurity gt  ltSystemgt ltEventDatagt   ltDatagt3005ltDatagt    ltDatagtAn unhandled exception has occurred.ltDatagt    ltDatagt26062009 131009ltDatagt    ltDatagt26062009 111009ltDatagt    ltDatagt525e4e8df6ec432d9a9b9b77e9ded580ltDatagt    ltDatagt6ltDatagt    ltDatagt1ltDatagt    ltDatagt0ltDatagt    ltDatagtecd2c9a51128904882075773124ltDatagt    ltDatagtFullltDatagt    ltDatagtWebSite1ltDatagt    ltDatagtCUsersXXXDocumentsVisual Studio 2008WebSitesWebSite1ltDatagt    ltDatagtXXXltDatagt    ltData gt    ltDatagt6404ltDatagt    ltDatagtWebDev.WebServer.EXEltDatagt    ltDatagtXXXltDatagt    ltDatagtExceptionltDatagt    ltDatagtFoo20BarltDatagt    ltDatagthttplocalhost6594WebSite1Default.aspxltDatagt    ltDatagtWebSite1Default.aspxltDatagt    ltDatagt127.0.0.1ltDatagt    ltDatagtXXXltDatagt    ltDatagtTrueltDatagt    ltDatagtNTLMltDatagt    ltDatagtXXXltDatagt    ltDatagt4ltDatagt    ltDatagtXXXltDatagt    ltDatagtFalseltDatagt    ltDatagtat Default.PageLoadObject sender, EventArgs e at System.Web.Util.CalliHelper.EventArgFunctionCallerIntPtr fp, Object o, Object t, EventArgs e at System.Web.Util.CalliEventHandlerDelegateProxy.CallbackObject sender, EventArgs e at System.Web.UI.Control.OnLoadEventArgs e at System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive at System.Web.UI.Page.ProcessRequestMainBoolean includeStagesBeforeAsyncPoint, Boolean includeStagesAfterAsyncPointltDatagt  ltEventDatagt ltEventgt codepre  pThis looks fine. So it looks like the problem might be in the Event Viewer. What logic converts the XML event data into the formatted data under Generalp
Negative 3262 pI use a WsdlImporter and ServiceContractGenerator to set up CodeDomProvider to get an assembly which I thought should allow me to create an instance of my HelloWorldService.  p  precodeMetadataExchangeClient mexClient  new MetadataExchangeClientmetadataAddress mexClient.ResolveMetadataReferences  true MetadataSet metaDocs  mexClient.GetMetadata  WsdlImporter importer  new WsdlImportermetaDocs ServiceContractGenerator generator  new ServiceContractGenerator  System.Collections.ObjectModel.CollectionltContractDescriptiongt contracts          importer.ImportAllContracts importer.ImportAllEndpoints foreach ContractDescription contract in contracts      generator.GenerateServiceContractTypecontract   if generator.Errors.Count  0      throw new ExceptionThere were errors during code compilation.   CodeDomProvider codeDomProvider  CodeDomProvider.CreateProviderC  CompilerParameters parameters  new CompilerParameters parameters.CompilerOptions  string.Format lib0, CProgram FilesReference AssembliesMicrosoftFrameworkv3.0 parameters.ReferencedAssemblies.AddSystem.ServiceModel.dll parameters.ReferencedAssemblies.AddSystem.Runtime.Serialization.dll  CodeCompileUnit codeUnit  generator.TargetCompileUnit  CompilerResults results  codeDomProvider.CompileAssemblyFromDomparameters, codeUnit  foreach CompilerError oops in results.Errors      throw new ExceptionCompilation Error Creating Assembly   oops.ErrorText  return results.CompiledAssembly codepre  passembly.GetExportedTypes and assembly.GetTypes return five types IHelloWorldService, IHelloWorldServiceChannel, HelloWorldServiceClient, and the two DataContract request and response types.p  pI was expecting to be able to use assembly.CreateInstanceHelloWorldService to get an instance of the service to be able to invoke methods on it, but of course this is null.p  pWhat am I missing  Any ideas greatly appreciated.  Let me know if you need more detail.p
Negative 3262 pIm letting users upload a profile picture for themselves on my site.  These images are coming in on all different formats and sizes.  When I display these profile photos I want them to be of a uniform pixel size without distortion.p  pDo I have to have the user crop the image right when they upload itp  pGiven a randomn image, how can I scale it down so it is below a certain pixel heightwidth while not distorting the imagesp
Negative 3262 pI have a live database on a shared hosting server. I am making some major changes to my sites code and I would like to fix some stupid mistakes I made in initially designing the database. These changes involve altering the size of a large number of fields, and enforcing referential integrity between tables properly. I would like to make the changes on both my local test server and the remote server if possible.p  pI should note that while Im fairly comfortable with writing complex queries to handle data, I have very little experience modifying database structure without a graphical interface.p  pI can access the remote database in the visual studio database explorer but I can not use that for anything other than data manipulation. I installed Sql Management Studio express last night and after 40 crashes I gave up  I couldnt even patch the damn thing.p  pThe remote server is SQL 2005  The MyLittleAdmin web interface is available. So my question is what is the best way to accomplish these changes. Is there a graphical interface I can use on the remote server If not is there an easy way to copy the database to my local machine, fix it, and re upload  Finally if none of the above are viable does anyone have links to a decent info on fixing referential integrity via queryp  pSorry for the somewhat general question  I feel like I am making this far harder than it should be but after searching  trying all night i havent gotten anywhere. Thanks in advance for the help. I really appreciate it. p  p...Also does anyone have a time machine I can borrow I need to go kick my past selfs ass for this.p
Negative 3262 pIve been developing a webapp using Linq to NHibernate for the past few months, but havent profiled the SQL it generates until now.  Using NH Profiler, it now seems that the following chunk of code hits the DB more than 3,000 times when the Linq expression is executed.p  precode        var activeCaseList  from c in UserRepository.GetCasesByProjectManagerIDconsultantId                              where c.CompletionDate  null                              select new  c.PropertyID, c.Reference, c.Property.Address, DaysOld  DateTime.Now.Subtractc.CreationDate.Days, JobValue  String.Format00,0, c.JobValue, c.CurrentStatus  codepre  pWhere the Repository method looks likep  precode    public IEnumerableltCasegt GetCasesByProjectManagerIDint projectManagerId              return from c in Session.LinqltCasegt                where c.ProjectManagerID  projectManagerId                select c      codepre  pIt appears to run the initial Repository query first, then iterates through all of the results checking to see if the CompletionDate is null, but issuing a query to get c.Property.Address first.p  pSo if the initial query returns 2,000 records, even if only five of them have no CompletionDate, it still fires off an SQL query to bring back the address details for the 2,000 records.p  pThe way I had imagined this would work, is that it would evaluate all of the WHERE and SELECT clauses and simply amalgamate them, so the inital query would be likep  pSELECT ... WHERE ProjectManager  p1 AND CompleteDate IS NOT NULLp  pWhich would yield 5 records, and then it could fire the further 5 queries to obtain the addresses.  Am I expecting too much here, or am I simply doing something wrongp  pAnthonyp
Negative 3262 pDoes Page class adds ViewState for Controls created in CreateChildControls, I mean I have a page which I add some controls to the page and all of them are Literal and EnableViewState is false, my question is are there any ViewState entry gor them in Pages ViewStatep  pThank you.p
Negative 3262 pI am currently unconfident, if I can put a ifelseconstruct into my viewp  pHow much logic do you put in your viewsp  pMy dilemmap  pI am rendering a navigation. So, I have to differ between the currentactive menu item and the rest. The current menu item gets a special css class. I dont know how to handle this in a better way than using ifelse.p
Negative 3262 pI usually write web apps in PHP, Ruby or Perl. I am starting the study of Scheme and I want to try some web project with this language. But I cant find what is the best environment for this.p  pI am looking for the following featuresp  ul liA simple way of get the request parameters something like getget key, getpost key, getcookie key.li liMysql access.li liHTML Form generators, processing, validators, etc.li liHelpers for filter user input data something like htmlentities, escape variables for put in queries, etc.li liFLOSS.li liAnd GNULinux friendly.li ul  pSo, thanks in advance to all replies. p
Negative 3262 pI was wondering if I can customise the look and feel of the OOB window of my SL app I want it to look different than the standard windows frame maybe at least change the visible buttons like minimise or maximise...p  pthanksp
Negative 3262 pFor example this a hrefhttpodetocode.comBlogsscottarchive2009022412574.aspxarticlea introduces them. p  pWhat is the benefitp  pStatic analysis seems cool but at the same time it would prevent the ability to pass null as a parameter in unit test. if you followed the example in the article that isp  pWhile on the topic of unit testing  given how things are now surely there is no point for code contracts if you already practice automated testing  p  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pHaving played with Code Contracts Im a little disappointed. For example, based on the code in the accepted answerp  precodepublic double CalculateTotalOrder order      Contract.Requiresorder  null     Contract.EnsuresContract.Resultltdoublegt gt 0     return 2.0  codepre  pFor unit testing, you strongstillstrong have to write tests to ensure that null cannot be passed, and the result is greater than or equal to zero if the contracts are embusiness logicem. In other words, if I was to remove the first contract, no tests would break, unless I had specifically had a test for this feature. This is based on not using the static analysis built into the better ultimate etc... editions of Visual Studio however. p  pEssentially they all boil down to an alternate way of writing traditional if statements. My experience actually using a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2639960howcomeyoucannotcatchcodecontractexceptionsTDD, with Code Contractsa shows why, and how I went about it.p
Negative 3262 pIve been using XML serialization for a while, and today I realized something really odd. If I have a new line right after a dot ., when i deserialize, I lose the dot. Has anyone ever had this happen to them The following is my serialization codep  pstrongSerializestrongp  precodeDim xmlSerializer As New System.Xml.Serialization.XmlSerializerGetTypeSilverWare.Licensing.Common.StoreLicense, New System.Type GetTypeSilverWare.Licensing.Common.StationLicense          Dim gen As LicenseGenerator          If store Is Nothing Then             Throw New ArgumentNullExceptionstore         ElseIf store.StationLicenses Is Nothing Then             Throw New ArgumentNullExceptionstore.StationLicenses         ElseIf store.StationLicenses.Length  0 Then             Throw New ArgumentOutOfRangeExceptionstore.StationLicenses, Must contain at least one element.         End If           Create a license generator for issuing new license keys.         gen  New LicenseGeneratorstore           Generate store key.         store.LicenseKey  gen.GenerateLicenseKey           Generate individual station keys.         For Each station In store.StationLicenses             station.LicenseKey  gen.GenerateLicenseKeystation         Next           Write license to file.         Using xFile As Xml.XmlWriter  Xml.XmlWriter.CreatelicenseFile             xmlSerializer.SerializexFile, store              xFile.Close         End Using codepre  pstrongDeserializestrongp  precodeDim xmlDeserializer As New System.Xml.Serialization.XmlSerializerGetTypeSilverWare.Licensing.Common.StoreLicense, New System.Type GetTypeSilverWare.Licensing.Common.StationLicense         Dim result As SilverWare.Licensing.Common.StoreLicense          Using xFile As Xml.XmlReader  Xml.XmlReader.CreatelicenseFile             result  DirectCastxmlDeserializer.DeserializexFile, SilverWare.Licensing.Common.StoreLicense              xFile.Close         End Using          Return result codepre  pThe really funny part is that if I have a space after the dot, or remove the new line character, there are no problems. This only happens if it is dot which I find mind boggling.p  pHere is a quick sample of my XML file that was created when I serializedp  precode ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8 gt  ltStoreLicense xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemagt ...   ltReceiptAddressgt98 N. Washington St. Berkeley Springs West VirginialtReceiptAddressgt    ltNamegtAmbrae House at Berkeley SpringsltNamegt    ltAliasNamegtAmbrae HouseltAliasNamegt    ltAddress1gt98 N. Washington St.ltAddress1gt    ltAddress2 gt  ... ltStoreLicensegt codepre  pThe line that is having the problem is the ReceiptAddress Node.p
Negative 3262 pWell i have implemented my own NFS server and everything is working good but how do i encode chars that arent part of the ASCII standard the XDR RFC says that strings are encoded as ascii that would then remove all non ascii chars but if i start up a nfs server that i havent written it seems to have support for those chars...p  pIv tryed creating a folder named hej  and it displays correctly on the nfs client, if i look at the data sent with WireShark, i get the string hej 345344366 or in hex 68656a20e5e4f6 what encoding is thisp  pAlso try ed to encode hej 1  1  2..p  pTry ed UTF7 worked great with  but not with  so its not UTF7p
Negative 3262 pI have some code on a User Control  that looks like thisp  precodeltaspPlaceHolder idph1 runatservergt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         jQueryfunction              doSomethingAwesome              ltscriptgt ltaspPlaceHoldergt codepre  pI want to get the contents of the PlaceHolder control. Im trying to get it in the OnPreRender of the page this control is on. I would have expected that the contents of the PlaceHolder would be be a single Literal control, but the Controls collection is empty. p  pHow can I get the contents of the PlaceHolder control on the server sidep
Negative 3262 pHow can I dynamically set the text of the dialog box that Im opening Ive tried a few different things but they all respond with an empty dialog box.p  pHere is my current tryp  pre dialog.textClick on the link to download the filebr .data dialog.dialogopen pre
Negative 3262 pAnother project, Visual Studios Code Analysis has this option. But I couldnt find it for StyleCop AKA Source Analysis.p  pThe file I want to ignore is a dbmls .designer.cs code, that includes the code ltautogeneratedgtcode tag. a hrefhttpsergeyshishkin.spaces.live.comblogcns9F19E53BA9C1D63F253.entryA blog posta tells me that it would be sufficient, but in my case it is not.p
Negative 3262 precodedatetime, M01, M02, M03, M04, M05, M06 8152009 000, 5.8, 7.8, 7.8, 7.3, 0, 7.9 8152009 010, 7.1, 8.1, 8.1, 7.7, 0, 8.1 8152009 020, 6.8, 7.4, 7.6, 7.1, 0, 7.3 8152009 030, 5.6, 6.8, 7.1, 6.6, 0, 6.8 8152009 040, 3.9, 6.2, 6.4, 6.2, 0, 6.4 8152009 050, 4.6, 5.5, 6.1, 5.8, 0, 5.6 8152009 140, 7, 7, 7.2, 6.9, 0, 6.3 codepre  pCan you help me to read this CSV file properly so I can convert the first column into a string using a hrefhttpwww.mathworks.comaccesshelpdeskhelptechdocrefdatenum.html relnofollowdatenuma a hrefhttpwww.mathworks.comaccesshelpdeskhelptechdocrefcsvread.html relnofollowcsvreada of course does not work. With a hrefhttpwww.mathworks.deaccesshelpdeskhelptechdocreftextscan.html relnofollowtextscana I am lost how to call it , so I do not get errors. The date and time are in the same column.p  pSorry it might sound a dumb questionp  pI know how to read read the above file now. but how do i write it back in a file.txt in the exact same format  i mean i modified some columns and now need a similar file with same format  for column 1 and row 1. Thanks for the helpp
Negative 3262 pI wish to use Spring MVC to provide a REST web service. However, running through some books and tutorials, it looks like ModelAndView always returns a parsed JSP file. I guess I could make the JSP build my XML document, but is this the best way to go about things I thought that perhaps a more structured XML building approach might be appropriate.p  pWhat are my options Also, does anyone have any relevant tutorialsp
Negative 3262 precodepublic class Test extends Thread     public void helloString s     System.out.printlns          public void run     helloImrunning...     endofrun     public static void mainString [] args     Test tnew Test     System.out.printlnalways first     t.start      System.out.printlnalways second but why        codepre  pIve run that chunk of code 30 times. p  pWhy is always second but why always second on the console When t.start is called, we have 2 threads. 2 stacks  the main thread and the second thread. so iam running has to be sometimes the second output on the console. When i delete the always first output statement than the two outputs left, behave non deterministic thats the way it should be p  pso what is wrong in my thinking, why is System.out.printlnalways first influencing the concurrency p
Negative 3262 pHow can I print the columns specified in fieldsiwant instead of hardcoding the column names in the template codep  precode Lets say I have this in my view foo  Foo.objects.filtersomefieldbar.selectfield1, field2, field3 fieldsiwant  [field1, field2]   Then in the template I want to do something like this ltTABLE idsomeidgt         ltTBODYgt          for row in somevar.foo          lttrgt           for value in anothervar.fieldsiwant              lttdgt row[value] lttdgt           endfor          lttrgt          endfor      ltTBODYgt ltTABLEgt   Instead of doing this ltTABLE idsomeidgt         ltTBODYgt          for row in somevar.foo          lttrgt             lttdgt row.field1 lttdgt             lttdgt row.field2 lttdgt         lttrgt          endfor      ltTBODYgt ltTABLEgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a table Events and a table Slots where Slots.SlotID  Events.MainSlot OR Events.ExtraSlot. p  pI need to sum the number of Attendees per time slot as MainSlot and as ExtraSlot  ExtraSlot is optional brp  pTable Eventsbrp  precodeIDNameMainSlotExtraSlotAttendees 1Event11 na20 2Event21 na20 3Event32 na40 4Event42 320 5Event53 440 6Event63 420 7Event73 410 codepre  pTable Slotsbrp  precodeSlotID Slot 1 9.009.30 2 9.3010 3 10.3010.30 4 10.3011 codepre  pIf I query the database separately as followsp  precode         SELECT s.Slot, s.SlotID, ISNULLSUMe. Attendees, 0 AS Attendees1            FROM Slots AS s  LEFT OUTER JOIN Events AS e ON e.MainSlot  s.SlotID        GROUP BY s.Slot, s.SlotID codepre  p...or p  precode         SELECT s.Slot, s.SlotID, ISNULLSUMx.Attendees, 0 AS Attendees2             FROM Slots AS s  LEFT OUTER JOIN Events AS x ON x.ExtraSlot  s.SlotID         GROUP BY s.Slot, s.SlotID codepre  pI get the following, respectivelyp  precodeSlotID   Attendees1 1 40 2 60 3 70 4 0  SlotID  Attendees2 1 0 2 0 3 20 correct 4 70 codepre  pBoth results are correct.brbrp  pHowever if I put the two queries together something is wrong as shows the table belowp  precodeSELECT  s.Slot, s.SlotID, ISNULLSUMe.Attendees, 0 AS Attendees1,         ISNULLSUMx. Attendees, 0 AS Attendees2 FROM Slots AS s LEFT OUTER JOIN Events AS e ON e.MainSlot  s.SlotID LEFT OUTER JOIN Events AS x ON x.ExtraSlot  s.SlotID GROUP BY s.Slot, s.SlotID  SlotID Attendees1 Attendees2 1400 2600 37060 wrong 4070 codepre  pWhat am I doing wrong Thanks for your helpp
Negative 3262 pmaybe anyone have ideas of how to display stronga hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiChinese5Fcharacter relnofollowChinese charactersastrong in the strongListView controlstrong p
Negative 3262 pI dont get the error when I use the following line  p  precode    FileItemIterator it  servletFileUpload.getItemIteratorrequest codepre  pI get it when I use following line  p  precode    List fileItemsList  servletFileUpload.parseRequestrequest codepre  pHow are they different and How is rmi related to servletFileUpload.parseRequestrequestp  pError Caused byp  precodejava.lang.NoClassDefFoundError java.rmi.server.UID is a restricted class. Please see the Google  App Engine developers guide for more details.     at com.google.appengine.tools.development.agent.runtime.Runtime.rejectRuntime.java51     at org.apache.commons.fileupload.disk.DiskFileItem.DiskFileItem.java103     at org.apache.commons.fileupload.disk.DiskFileItemFactory.createItemDiskFileItemFactory.java196     at org.apache.commons.fileupload.FileUploadBase.parseRequestFileUploadBase.java358     at org.apache.commons.fileupload.servlet.ServletFileUpload.parseRequestServletFileUpload.java126     at morefile.CopyOfUploadApp.doPostCopyOfUploadApp.java147 codepre  pContext A file upload application using Apache commons lib on google apps.p
Negative 3262 pIve been tuning my games renderer for my laptop, which has a Radeon HD 3850. This chip has a decent amount of processing power, but rather limited memory bandwidth, so Ive been trying to move more shader work into fewer passes.p  pPreviously, I was using a simple multipass modelp  ul   li     Bind and clear FP16 blend buffer with depth buffer     ul       liDepthonly passli       liFor each light, do an additive light passli     ul   li   li     Bind backbuffer, use blend buffer as a texture     ul       liTone mapping passli     ul   li ul  pIn an attempt to improve the performance of this method, I wrote a new rendering path that counts the number and type of lights to dynamically build custom GLSL shaders. These shaders accept all light parameters as uniforms and do all lighting in a single pass. I was expecting to run into some kind of limit, so I tested it first with one light. Then three. Then twentyone, with no errors or artifacts, and with great performance. This leads me to my actual questionsp  blockquote   pIs the maximum number of uniforms retrievablep      pIs this method viable on older hardware, or are uniforms much more limitedp      pIf I push it too far, at what point will I get an error Shader compilation Program linking Using the programp blockquote
Negative 3262 pI know of an Eclipse feature to show revision information gradual coloring, more info like revisionnumber, date and author on mouseover for the last changes in a line in the linenumbersview.p  pDoes anyone know how to activate this feature for a file, or even better, by default I accidently hit some shortcut lately which made it show in one file, it does not show up in the others, though.p
Negative 3262 pAfter sending some tcp data with the blockingnonblocking methods such asp  precodeSocket.Send or Socket.SendAsync codepre  pHow can I know that my data has received an ACK messagep  pCan .NET know if TCP data has been successfully sentp
Negative 3262 pI have custom list definition.I want to display rows as GroupBy with some column names. I added a query in Schema.xml like below.p  precodeltQuerygt       ltGroupBygt             ltFieldRef NameTitle visiblefalse gt             ltFieldRef NameFollowed By gt        ltGroupBygt ltQuerygt codepre  pIf i use two filter group its working fine.No issues.But if i try to add one more filter like below i am getting  error.p  precodeltQuerygt       ltGroupBygt             ltFieldRef NameTitle visiblefalse gt             ltFieldRef NameFollowed By gt             ltFieldRef NameExpected From gt        ltGroupBygt ltQuerygt codepre  pWhat i have to dop  pThanks in advance. Syed.p
Negative 3262 pI have these two classes MobRec amp MobDef and I want to reference an array pointer of MobDef mobInfo from MobRec. import the mobdefs.h file in MobRec.h or .m but no luck any ideas  p  precodeMobRec.h  Basic class unit  interface MobRec  NSObject   NSString mName  int speed    end   MobDef.h  Master Class holding an array of units  interface MobDef  NSObject   NSMutableArray mobInfo     propertyretain NSMutableArray mobInfo   end   MobDef.m synthesize MobInfo    idinit   to add a new node and initialize it  mobInfo  [[NSMutableArray alloc] init]  MobRec aNewMobRec  [[MobRec alloc] init]  [mobInfo addObjectaNewMobRec]   [aNewMobRec release]    codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a form field and when filling the form , i am getting the errorp  precodeElement  is undefined in a Java object of type class coldfusion.filter.FormScope. codepre  pIt was pointing to the following codep  precodeifarguments.action eq addProficency                             CertificationArray  ArrayNew1                  add the Certificationes                 fori  0 i lte Event[Certificationes] i  i  1                                      CertificationView  CreateObjectComponent,com.idl.app.cmn.cfobj.Certification.CertificationView                      CertificationView.SetLine1Event[Certificationline1 amp i]      CertificationView.SetLine2Event[Certificationline2 amp i]                     CertificationView.SetCityEvent[Certificationcity amp i]                     CertificationView.SetStateEvent[Certificationstate amp i]                     CertificationView.SetZipEvent[Certificationzip amp i]                      isRequired  false                      ifform.Required eq i                                              isRequired  true                                           ArrayAppendCertificationArray,CertificationView                   codepre  pWhen I comment out p  precodeCreateObjectComponent,com.idl.app.cmn.cfobj.Certification.CertificationView                          CertificationView.SetLine1Event[Certificationline1 amp i]          CertificationView.SetLine2Event[Certificationline2 amp i] codepre  p I am not getting the error.What does the Error meanHow to correct it Thanks  Vasp
Negative 3262 pIve been trying to add 2 divs centered one next to another with two aditional divs on the same position of the last ones but hidden... the big problem here is that I want the page to be elastic...p  pDoes anyone know how can I do thisp
Negative 3262 pI am writing a web service to expose certain pieces of data to one of our third party applications. Their team requires a generic way to retrieve values of fields in our system. I have written a class where the only public members of the class are the values they need. What I would like to do is have them pass an enumerated string that is the name of the member they want to retrieve and if it is a valid name of a public member, return the value of that member. I was messing around with some of the reflection methods in .net but cant quite get the behavior I am looking for. I am trying to write something to recreate the functionality of this pseudo codep  precodepublic Object webserviceMethodToReturnValueGuid guidOfInternalObject, String nameOfProperty      internalObject obj  new internalObjectguid my internal company object, which contains all the public members the external company will need     Object returnObject  obj.nameOfProperty where name of property is evaluated as the name of the member of the internalOject     return returnObject returning an object that could be casted appropriately by the caller  codepre  pSo that you could call the service likep  precodeString companyName  StringwebserviceMethodToReturnValueguid, companyName codepre
Negative 3262 pI have two collections, and need to create a new collection from the two collections. p  pAssume the following classp  precodepublic class Widget     property int Idgetset    property string Labelgetset  codepre  pWe have two IList classes. I would like to create an Anonymous type with Id, Label, and Existsp  pSo doing this for Id and Label, I havep  precodevar newColfrom w in widgets            select new Idw.Id,Labelw.Label,Exists codepre  pIs there a way in Linq I can determine exists without writing the looping code myself herep  pstrongEditstrongp  pExists tells us if the Widget is in the second list. So for example one solution I just thought of wasp  precodevar newColfrom w in widgets            select new Idw.Id,Labelw.Label,ExistsmyWidgets.Containsw codepre  pWhere my widgets is the second IList.p
Negative 3262 pHeres the basic problem.  Theres an API which I depend on, with a method using the following syntaxp  precodevoid fooapi stdvectorlttypegtamp reftomypopulatedvector codepre  pThe area of code in question is rather performance intensive, and I want to avoid using the heap to allocate memory.  As a result, I created a custom allocator which allocates the memory required for the vector on the stack.  So, I can now define a vector asp  precode Create the stack allocator, with room for 100 elements mystackallocatorlttype, 100gt myallocator   Create the vector, specifying our stack allocator to use stdvectorlttype, mystackallocatorgt myvecmyallocator codepre  pThis is all fine.  Performance tests using the stack allocated vector compared to the standard vector show performance is roughly 4x faster.  The problem is, I cant call fooapi  So...p  precodefooapimyvec  Results in an error due to incompatible types.  Cant convert stdvectorlttypegt to stdvectorlttype, allocatorgt codepre  pIs there a solution to this p
Negative 3262 pIm using jQuery to created a linked TOC that appears in a dialog box. The function I wrote to do so finds all the codeh4codes in the page andp  ul ligives them codeidcodes to link to li liadds some numbering display info  li liclones themli liturns the clones into codelicodes li liwraps the inner text in anchor tags li lifinds the anchors adds a click function to the anchors to close the dialogli liadds codetitlecodes and codehrefcodes to the anchors so the links point to the original codeh4codesli ligoes back to the codelicodes li liappends the codelicodes to a codeolcode the in dialog codedivcodeli ul  pHowever, in strongIE7strong, the cloned codeh4codes are not getting turned in codelicodes. Works in FireFox. In IE7, everything happens as it does in FireFox, just that the the code.replaceWithcode is seemingly ignore... whyp  pLooks like thisp  precodecontent h4.eachfunctionindex     index  index  1     this    .attrid, tutorial  index    .beforefunction              return ltdiv classhowtogtHOW TOltdivgtltspangt  index  ltspangtltdivgtltdivgt            .clone   .replaceWithltligt  this.text  ltligt   .wrapInnerltagtltagt   .finda     .clickfunction         dialog.dialogclose          .attr         title jump to   this.text,         href tutorial  index         .end   .appendTodialog ol   codepre  pIn action at a hrefhttpf1shw1ck.comjquerysandboxtutorials.html relnofollowhttpf1shw1ck.comjquerysandboxtutorials.htmlap
Negative 3262 pIs there any tool, or any VS debug option id use to watch all the calls my c application, sends to the SQL server 2k8 Id like to know how efficient is my c code at doing the calls, like how many SELECTS is it sending at certain timesituation.p  pThanks.p
Negative 3262 pI need to load some ajax content after the fieldset with the class address. Using the code below it will replace the content of the .address with the ajax content.p  precode    .accordion .head.clickfunction      this.next.find.address.after.loadhttptest.devsearchviewIdDaytrip  this.attrid  .html     this.next.toggleslow     return false .next.hide  ltdiv styledisplay nonegt ltfieldset classaddressgt lt AJAx CONTENT GOES HERE gt     ltolgt         ltligtStadhouderskade 78ltligt         ltligt AmsterdamZuidltligt         ltligt0205239666ltligt     ltolgt ltfieldsetgt lt BUT THE AJAx CONTENT NEEDS TO GO HERE gt ltspan classtagsgtTags museumltspangt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 3262 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions941584bytebyteintwhybyte  byte  inthellip whya  p blockquote    pI have a grid from 1024,1024 to 1024,1024, so I dont need all the values that an int provides, but Ive noticed that all of my algorithms return as ints and I need to typecast them all with short. Could anyone explain why all math operations return as int and is it more effective to parse as short since math operations return as intp  precodeshort yCoordinate  shortshort.ParseRtData[1][1]  1 codepre
Negative 3262 pI have used Ajax calender extender to display date in DateBox and then numeric up down extenders to chose time...p  pHere is my codep  precodelttd bgcolor969ECDgt             ampnbspampnbspampnbsp             ltaspTextBox IDDateBox runatserver Width85pxgtltaspTextBoxgtampnbsp              ltbr gt              ltdiv styleheight 4pxgtltdivgt              ampnbspampnbspampnbsp             ltaspTextBox IDtxtHour runatserver gtltaspTextBoxgt             ltajaxToolkitNumericUpDownExtender IDtxtHourNumericUpDownExtender                  runatserver EnabledTrue Maximum12 Minimum1                   TargetControlIDtxtHour Width70 gt                 ltajaxToolkitNumericUpDownExtendergt              ltaspTextBox IDtxtMinute runatservergtltaspTextBoxgt             ltajaxToolkitNumericUpDownExtender IDtxtMinuteNumericUpDownExtender                  runatserver EnabledTrue Maximum59 Minimum1                  TargetControlIDtxtMinute Width70 gt             ltajaxToolkitNumericUpDownExtendergt              ltaspTextBox IDtxtDayPart runatservergtltaspTextBoxgt             ltajaxToolkitNumericUpDownExtender IDtxtDayPartNumericUpDownExtender                  runatserver EnabledTrue RefValuesAMPM TargetControlIDtxtDayPart  Width70gt             ltajaxToolkitNumericUpDownExtendergt              ltaspButton IDUpdate runatserver  TextUpdate                 onclickUpdateClick1 gt             ltbr gt         lttdgt     lttrgt lttablegt ltdivgt       ltajaxToolkitCalendarExtender IDCalendarExtender1 runatserver      TargetControlIDDateBox PopupPositionTopRight  gt      ltajaxToolkitCalendarExtendergt codepre  pNow functionality wise the only problem is when i write something in the textbox other than the normal format and click the update button it lets me accept the values instead it should not let it write anything else other than the date format.. eg no alphabets in the textbox..p  pThis i can still figure out, using some exception message...p  pbut now the main problen is the look of the control. The numeric extender buttons are too big and the line format is not good, also there is lots of space between the three time textboxes... is there a way to make this look neatp  pHow can i solve the problem... any suggestionsp  phere is the image link a hrefhttpwww.freeimagehosting.netimage.php05945773e0.jpg relnofollowhttpwww.freeimagehosting.netimage.php05945773e0.jpga a hrefhttpwww.freeimagehosting.netimage.php05945773e0.jpg relnofollowalt textap
Negative 3262 pIm making a LIST container with my own item renderer to display xml file.p  pNow, Im overriding the codepublic override function set datavalueObjectvoidcode method in my item renderer, the problem is that this function been called many times more then the data provider length.p  pMaybe Im not setting the data provider right, here is how I do itp  pFirst declare bindable propertyp  precode[Bindable] private var listDataProviderXMLListCollection codepre  pThen, creating LIST objectp  precodeltmxList idlist dataProviderlistDataProvider itemRenderermyItemRenderer gt codepre  pThen, loading the xml with urlLoader and in the result doingp  precodelistDataProvider  new XMLListCollectionxml..Person codepre  pThe XMLListCollection buildup ok I can see it in debug.p  pWhat am I doing wrongp  pThanks guys...p
Negative 3262 pWe are a small Microsoft shop with 4 developers. We like the idea to have everything integrated and under the same SQL database but not to deal with too many features or a complexity we dont need.  The other option would be to use two distinct third party tools. We also wonder if VS2010 version control and bugissue tracking capabilities are comparable with the best third party tools on the market.p
Negative 3262 pIn LexFlex is there a way to get the position in the character stream from the start of the file that a token appears at Kind of like yylineno except that it returns the character position as an integerp  pIf not, whats the best way to get at this Do I need to keep my own counterp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pCurrently I am using ASP.NET MVC and have homeindex for logged out user which appears as  but this has got me confused as to how I can have  for a logged in userp  pI could modify like 127.0.0.1home  but I want it like . My confusion relates to the fact that the  [127.0.0.1] is bound in the routes collection to homeindex.p  pHow can I have it so that  is shared for loginlogout p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to achive the following programmatically rather than declaratively via XMLp  precodeltRelativeLayout...gt    ltTextView ...       androidididlabel1 gt    ltTextView ...       androidididlabel2       androidlayoutbelow idlabel1 gt ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pIn other words, how do I make the second TextView appear below the first one, but I want to do it in codep  precodeRelativeLayout layout  new RelativeLayoutthis TextView label1  new TextViewthis TextView label2  new TextViewthis ... layout.addViewlabel1 layout.addViewlabel2 setContentViewlayout codepre  h3Updateh3  pThanks, TreeUK. I understand the general direction, but it still doesnt work  B overlaps A. What am I doing wrongp  precodeRelativeLayout layout  new RelativeLayoutthis TextView tv1  new TextViewthis tv1.setTextA  TextView tv2  new TextViewthis tv2.setTextB RelativeLayout.LayoutParams lp  new RelativeLayout.LayoutParams         RelativeLayout.LayoutParams.WRAPCONTENT, RelativeLayout.LayoutParams.FILLPARENT lp.addRuleRelativeLayout.RIGHTOF, tv1.getId  layout.addViewtv1         layout.addViewtv2, lp codepre
Negative 3262 pI am dealing with Windows here.p  pI know you can use the codeSERVER[HTTPUSERAGENT]code variable to detect the OS of the browser viewing the page, but is the any way that PHP can detect the servers OSp  pFor my programs UI I am using a PHP webpage.  I need to read a key in the registry that is in a different location on a 64bit OS It is under the codeWow6432Nodecode Key.p  pCan PHP tell what OS it is running on  Can PHP tell if the OS is 64bit or 32bitp
Negative 3262 pI have a binding source object that fills some textboxes. In run time, after editing the textboxes I want to be able to retrieve the old values.p  phow can I retrieve the Textboxs old value and refresh the screen  Maybe the binding source has history or something p
Negative 3262 pI am a javascript noob.p  pI would like to select the second p element of the div.box. How do I do thisp  pThanks a lot Tomp
Negative 3262 pwhat is the best way to ensure csslayout code works on all  browsersp  pmy css code work on firefox fine but does not work fine on IEp  pare we have to we test with all browsers  are there any tools for test and show result and if correct my code for all browsersp
Negative 3262 pMy understanding of basic embreadthfirst searchem traversal for a graph isp  precodeBFS             Start from any node.      Add it to queue.      Add it to visited array.      While queue is not empty         Remove head from queue          Print node.          add all unvisited direct subchilds to que          mark them as visited   codepre  pHowever, if we have to traverse a emdirectedem graph from a given node and not all nodes are accessible from the given node directly or indirectly, how do we use BFS for traversing the graph of this situationp  pCan you please explain in this graph as well  p  precodeagt b gt d gt e gt d   agt c gt d codepre  pHere if the starting node is codebcode , we never print codeacode and codeccode. p  pAm I missing something in the algorithmp  pI used  codeHashMapltString, ArrayListgt adj  new HashMapcode to create the adjacency list to store graph.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to replicate an Apple style activity indicator sundial loading icon by using a PNG and CSS3 animation. I have the image rotating and doing it continuously, but there seems to be a delay after the animation has finished before it does the next rotation.p  precodewebkitkeyframes rotate    from      webkittransform rotate0deg      to       webkittransform rotate360deg     loading img      webkitanimationname             rotate      webkitanimationduration         0.5s      webkitanimationiterationcount  infinite     webkittransitiontimingfunction linear      codepre  pI have tried changing the animation duration but it makes no difference, if you slow it right down say 5s its just more apparent that after the first rotation there is a pause before it rotates again. Its this pause I want to get rid of.p  pAny help is much appreciated, thanks.p
Negative 3262 pI am generating a codeSystem.Drawing.Bitmapcode on the fly in an ASP.NET Custom Web Server Control, and then I want to serve this bitmap as part of the WebResource, because I do not want to save it on the hosting computer.p  pIs there a way to instruct ASP.NET to serve the generated codeSystem.Drawing.Bitmapcode as part of its WebResource therefore making it an Embedded Resourcep
Negative 3262 pI have a Gridview that shows a list of files previously uploaded to the server with a HyperLink control to be able to download it, I need to force a download every time the user clicks on one of the provided links, so that the file does not open directly on the browser they are usually images. Currently I have a sideserver function that forces a download, but I do not know how to assign this function to each one of the links when the user clicks on it.p
Negative 3262 pI am having a lot of trouble with Reflection in C at the moment.  The app I am writing allows the user to modify the attributes of certain objects using a config file.  I want to be able to save the object model users project to XML.  The function below is called in the middle of a foreach loop, looping through a list of objects that contain all the other objects in the project within them.  The idea is, that it works recursively to translate the object model into XML.p  pDont worry about the call to Unreal that just modifes the name of the objects slightly if they contain certain words.p  precode      private void ReflectToXMLobject anObject, XmlElement parentElement         Type aType  anObject.GetType      XmlElement anXmlElement  mxml.CreateElementUnrealaType.Name      parentElement.AppendChildanXmlElement      PropertyInfo[] pinfos  aType.GetProperties      loop through this objects public attributes      foreach PropertyInfo aInfo in pinfos               if the attribute is a list         Type propertyType  aInfo.PropertyType         if propertyType.IsGenericTypeampamppropertyType.GetGenericTypeDefinition  typeofListltgt                     Listltobjectgt listObjects  aInfo.GetValueanObject,null as Listltobjectgt            foreach object aListObject in listObjects                           ReflectToXMLaListObject, anXmlElement                              attribute is not a list         else            anXmlElement.SetAttributeaInfo.Name,           codepre  pIf an object attributes are just strings then it should be writing them out as string attributes in the XML.  If an objects attributes are lists, then it should recursively call ReflectToXML passing itself in as a parameter, thereby creating the nested structure I require that nicely reflect the object model in memory.p  pThe problem I have is with the linep  precodeListltobjectgt listObjects  aInfo.GetValueanObject,null as Listltobjectgt codepre  pThe cast doesnt work and it just returns null. While debugging I changed the line top  precodeobject temp  aInfo.GetValueanObject,null codepre  pslapped a breakpoint on it to see what GetValue was returning.  It returns a Generic list of objects  Surely I should be able to cast that  The annoying thing is that temp becomes a generic list of objects but because i declared temp as a singular object, I cant loop through it because it has no Enumerator.p  pHow can I loop through a list of objects when I only have it as a propertyInfo of a classp  pI know at this point I will only be saving a list of empty strings out anyway, but thats fine.  I would be happy to see the structure save out for now.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI would like to use GDB to step though the C code that makes up the php.so Apache extension.  I want to see what PHP is doing while its running a PHP application.  Preferably I would use an IDE like Netbeans or Eclipse on a LAMP system.p
Negative 3262 pUsing GWT 2.0 I have an entry point that adds two Widgets to a LayoutPanel which in turn is added to the RootLayoutPanel.  The Widgets both handle click events and have click events registered to them.  The problem is that only the last widget added to the LayoutPanel can actually be clicked.  Switch the order in which the widgets are added switches the widget that works.  Add mroe widgets and still the only you can click is the last one added to the LayoutPanel.p  pAny idea why this is  Is there any reasoning behind the behaviour, or have I missunderstood what is happening under the covers How do I gat all widgets in the LayoutPanel to accept events  Should I be using another panel classp  pIm not too bothered if the LayoutPanel prevents anything below it from being clicked, but want all Widgets added to it to be clickable.p
Negative 3262 pLet say i have a field category with the value 123. I want to search in mysql such that it will return all rows matching my search parameter into the values of the category. for examplep  precodecatid  1  SELECT  FROM myTable WHERE catid is equal or found in category with values 123... codepre  psomething like that..i do not know how to put it in correct sql query.p  pAny Ideas thanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pGiven the base class A and the derived class Bp  precodeclass A  public   virtual void f  0   class B  public A  public   void g   void Bg      cout ltlt Yay   void Bf      cout ltlt Argh  codepre  pI get errors saying that f is not declared in B while trying do define void Bf. Do I have to declare f explicitly in B I think that if the interface changes I shouldnt have to correct the declarations in every single class deriving from it. Is there no way for B to get all the virtual functions declarations from A automatically p  pEDIT I found an article that says the inheritance of pure virtual functions is dependent on the compiler a hrefhttpwww.objectmentor.comresourcesarticlesabcpvf.pdf relnofollowhttpwww.objectmentor.comresourcesarticlesabcpvf.pdfap  pIm using VC2008, wonder if theres an option for this.p
Negative 3262 pHow do I set up gdb on window so that it does not allow a program with assertion failure to terminate I intend to check the stack trace and variables in the program.p  pFor example, running this test.cpp program compiled with MinGW codeg g test.cpp o testcode in gdbp  precodeinclude ltcassertgt int mainint  argc, char  argv  assert12 return 0  codepre  pGivesp  precode gdb test.exe GNU gdb 6.8 Copyright C 2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc. License GPLv3 GNU GPL version 3 or later lthttpgnu.orglicensesgpl.htmlgt This is free software you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.  Type show copying and show warranty for details. This GDB was configured as i686pcmingw32... gdb r Starting program fcodetest.exe [New thread 4616.0x1200] Error dll starting at 0x77030000 not found. Error dll starting at 0x75f80000 not found. Error dll starting at 0x77030000 not found. Error dll starting at 0x76f30000 not found. Assertion failed 12, file test.cpp, line 2  This application has requested the Runtime to terminate it in an unusual way. Please contact the applications support team for more information.  Program exited with code 03. gdb codepre  pI would like to be able to stop the program from terminating immediately, like how Visual Studios debugger and gdb on Linux does it. I have done a search and found some stuff on trapping signals but I cant seem to find a good post on how to set up gdb to do this.p
Negative 3262 pUsing Zend Lucene I cannot search numbers in description fieldsp  pAdded it like thisp  precodedocgtaddFieldZendSearchLuceneFieldTextdescription, currentitem[itemshortdescription], utf8 codepre  pGoogling for this showed that applying following code should solve the problem, but it did not..p  precodeZendSearchLuceneAnalysisAnalyzersetDefaultnew ZendSearchLuceneAnalysisAnalyzerCommonTextNumCaseInsensitive codepre  pany thougtsp
Negative 3262 pJust started to getting familiar with graphics in Java.p  pWhat is the simplest way to draw primitives lines, rectangles in Java without OpenGL JOGLp  pLooking for methods like codeputPixelcode, codelineTocode, etc.p  pstrongUPD.strongbr Where to paint Canvas Panel Bitmapp
Negative 3262 pWhat techniques  methods exist for getting submillisecond precision timing data in C or C, and what precision and accuracy do they provide  Im looking for methods that dont require additional hardware.  The application involves waiting for approximately 50 microseconds  1 microsecond while some external hardware collects data.p  pEDIT  OS is Wndows, probably with VS2010.  If I can get drivers and SDKs for the hardware on Linux, I can go there using the latest GCC.p
Negative 3262 pi use the asp.net.aspx language to develope my website. i want to create a module of news appearing in home page, and by clicking more you will get details in another page of news details p  pso i need helpp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have another one question about functions reference. For example, I have such definitionp  precodetypedef boostfunctionltbool Entity amphandlegt behaviorRef stdmaplt stdstring, ptrvectorltbehaviorRefgt gt eventAssociation codepre  pThe first question is how to insert values into such map objectp  pI triedp  precodeeventAssociation.insertstdpairlt stdstring, ptrvectorltbehaviorRefgt gteventType, ptrvectorltbehaviorRefgtcallback codepre  pBut the errorp  precodeno matching function for call to boostptrvectorltboostfunctionltboolEntityampgt gtpushbackEntitybehaviorRefamp codepre  pAnd I undersatnd it, but cant make workable code.p  pThe second question is how to call such functions For example, I have one object of strongbehaviorRefstrong, how to call it with strongboostbindstrong with passing my own valuesp
Negative 3262 pI have created a java applet .class file and made a .jar with it and digitally signed the .jar file. Now I need to run the .jar as an applet in firefox. What do I put in the html code to run the .jar file as an applet I tried   and it doesnt work, it tries to get a .class file, how do I load and run my applet as a .jar file using the applet tag in Internet Explorer and Firefox I searched on the internet and could not find an answer.p
Negative 3262 pQt is a nice framework which allows people to develop something once and it will works for the 3 main OSes.p  pBut from times to times, there is some differences in the layout placing some widgets does not have the same behavior as in windows or linux.p  pDid you observe weird behavior  on which Widgets  how did you corrected this p  pThanks for sharingp
Negative 3262 pI just upgraded to hibernate 3.5.1 and I get an error now sayingp  precodejava.lang.NoSuchMethodError javax.persistence.OneToMany.orphanRemoval  Z.  codepre  pThis only happens with Tomcat not with Jetty.p  pIve checked and I dont have any conflict and this method definitely exists. I have hibernatejpa2.0api1.0.0.Final.jar on the class path, and dont have any conflicting classes.p  pAny suggestionsp
Negative 3262 pOne part of our website will be built using strongSymfonystrong the other strongMagentostrong. I would like to know if it is possible to share user session variables between two of them.p  pThank youp
Negative 3262 pIve tried researching how to use the DataSource method of connecting to a database but never could find out how. I know that a DataSource is first configured and registered to JNDI in an application that is separate from the user application, and all the user application will do is retrieve it using JNDI. What I dont understand is where the DataSource is configured. Is it automatically registered when I turn on MySQL, do I need to download another application to register it, or do I make a new class that will do that for mep
Negative 3262 pgot a issue I create singleton helper object that wraps PerformanceCounter objects. It implements IDisposable... But now I have spotted that when I close my test sample console host application, counters are still visible in perfmon tool in production I will be hosted in Windows Service , and are still running. p  pI figured out that Dispose is called inside finalizer, but then I dont dispose managed resources  which are PerformanceCounter objects. What should I do to make sure that resources are appropriately freedp  pThanks, Pawelp
Negative 3262 pBasically I have this xml element xml.etree.ElementTree and I want to POST it to a url.  Currently Im doing something likep  precodexmlstring  xml.etree.ElementTree.tostringmyelement data  urllib.urlencodexml xmlstring response  urllib2.urlopenurl, data codepre  pIm pretty sure that works and all, but was wondering if there is some better practice or way to do it without converting it to a string first.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have been reading the a hrefhttpssvn.rproject.orgRtrunksrclibrarystatsRglm.R relnofollowcodea used by R to fit a emgeneralized linear modelem GLM, since the sourcecode of R is freely available. The algorithm used is called emiteratively reweighted least squaresem IRLS, which is a fairly documented algorithm. For each iteration, there is a call to a Fortran function to solve the weighted least squares problem.p  pFrom the endusers viewpoint, for a logistic regression for instance, a call in R looks just like thisp  precodey lt rbinom100, 1, 0.5 x lt rnorm100 glmyx, familybinomialcoefficients codepre  pAnd if you do not want to use an eminterceptem, either of these calls is okayp  precodeglmyx1, familybinomialcoefficients glmyx0, familybinomialcoefficients codepre  pHowever, I cannot manage to understand how the emformulaem, i.e. codeyxcode or codeyx1code, is making sense in the code and being understood as for whether to use an intercept or not. I was looking for a part of the code where a column of ones would be bound to codexcode, but it seems there is none.p  pThanks.p  pPS As far as I have read, the boolean intercept which appears in the function called codeglm.fitcode is not the same as the intercept which I am referring to. And it is the same for the emoffsetem.p  pThe documentation about codeglmcode and codeglm.fitcode is a hrefhttpsekhon.berkeley.edustatshtmlglm.html relnofollowherea.p
Negative 3262 pWill codefopencode fail if a file exists, but is currently locked with codeLOCKEXcodep  pOr do I have to open it, and then try and emsetem a lock, in order to determine if one already existsp  pIve also read that codeflockcode willp  blockquote   ppause [the script] untill you get the lock for indefinite amount of time or till your script times outp      pa hrefhttpwww.php.netmanualenfunction.flock.php95257httpwww.php.netmanualenfunction.flock.php95257ap blockquote  pIf so, is it true this pause can be bypassed withp  precodeif flockf, LOCKSH  LOCKNB       file locked, do something else  codepre
Negative 3262 pIm writing a reports dashboard for a rails app.  The dashboard is for user data, and currently its running multiple count an select queries to build the four or five reports on the page.  Im sure that there is a more efficient way to do this.  How would I go about structuring the controller method so that it only runs one query, and then parsessubdivides the subsets needed for the individual reportsp  pFor example, a user has a gender, an age, and an income range.  Instead of doingp  precodemen  User.countconditions gt [gender  , m] women  User.countconditions gt [gender  , f] age  User.countconditions gt [agerange  , 1] etc. codepre  pCould I just do a singlep  precodeUser.findall, select gt id,gender,agerange,incomerange codepre  pAnd then parse out what I needp  pAny help is appreciated.p  pThank you.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to find out why the last commented command is necessary in order to play a soundp  precodeprivate void WindowContentRenderedobject sender, EventArgs e     MediaElement MediaElement1  new MediaElement   MediaElement1.Source  new UriMyabsolutepath   myGrid.Children.AddMediaElement1  codepre  pDoes anybody know Thanksp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to figure out the differences between a task.LoopingCall and a reactor.callInThread in Twisted.p  pAll my self.sendLines in the LoopingCall are performed immediately. The ones in the callInThread are not. Theyre only sent after the one in the LoopingCall has finished. Even though Im sending the right delimiter.p  pWhy is that Whats the difference Arent they both threadsp  pThis is the serverp  precode from twisted.internet import reactor, protocol, task from twisted.protocols import basic from twisted.python import log import sys import time import threading import Queue  class ServerProtocolbasic.LineOnlyReceiver     delimiter  0     clientReady  1      def initself         print New client has logged on. Waiting for initialization      def lineReceivedself, line         if line.startswithI             print Data started with I line             user  dictuidline[16], xline[69], yline[912]             self.factory.users[user[uid]]  user             log.msgreprself.factory.users             self.startUpdateClientuser             reactor.callInThreadself.transferToClient             self.sendLineuser[uid]    Beginning  Initialized             print user[uid]    Beginning  Initialized         elif line.startswithP             print Ping         elif line[03]  ACK             print Received ACK             self.clientReady  1         else             self.transport.loseConnection      def updateClientself, user         if self.running  0             self.looper.stop             return         self.running  1         self.test  1         print user[uid]   Sending test data  strself.test         self.sendLineuser[uid]   Test Queue Data d  self.test,  0      def startUpdateClientself, user         self.running, self.test  25, 0         self.looper  task.LoopingCallself.updateClient, user         self.looper.start1, nowFalse         print user[uid]    Startupdateclient      def transferToClientself         test  20         while test  0             if self.clientReady  1                 test  test1                 print Reactor test   strtest      strtime.time                 self.clientReady  0                 self.sendLineThis is reactortest   strtest      strtime.time  0  class Serverprotocol.ServerFactory     protocol  ServerProtocol     def initself         self.users    if name  main     log.startLoggingsys.stderr     reactor.listenTCP2000, Server     reactor.run  codepre  pThis is the clientp  precode usrbinenv python  import socket import time  host  localhost port  2000 size  1024 s  socket.socketsocket.AFINET, socket.SOCKSTREAM s.connecthost,port s.sendI123450700600 running  1  while running     s.sendACK0     data  s.recvsize     if data         print Received, data      else         print Closing         s.close         running0  codepre
Negative 3262 pException of type Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.StorageClientException was thrown.p  pSometimes even if we have the fabric running and the role manager is up, we get an exception of this sort.  p  pThe code breaks at the line emailAddressClient.CreateTableIfNotExistEmailAddressp  precodepublic EmailAddressDataContextCloudStorageAccount account              baseaccount.TableEndpoint.AbsoluteUri, account.Credentials     this.storageAccount  account     CloudTableClient emailAddressClient                  new CloudTableClientstorageAccount.TableEndpoint.AbsoluteUri,                                       storageAccount.Credentials    emailAddressClient.CreateTableIfNotExistEmailAddress  codepre
Negative 3262 pIm coming across some weird behavior in Drools 4.0.7, but maybe its just cause I dont understand I how Drools works.  Assume, theres a class A that has a property called property.p  pAs facts, I have the following list of As A1, property  123 A2, property  345 A3, property  123p  pI have two rules as followsp  precoderule Rule 1  Remove all As that have property set to 123   salience 1000   lockonactive true when   listOfAs  ArrayList collectA property  123  then   for Object a listOfAs           retract a    end  rule Rule 2  Do stuff with remaining As   salience 900   lockonactive true when   listOfAs  ArrayList collectA then ... end codepre  pMy understanding is Rule 1 will remove the facts of class A that have property to 123.  When it gets to Rule 2, shouldnt the listOfAs only have that one A that remains i.e. the one where property is set to 345.   What Im noticing is that Rule 2 just doesnt execute at all even though Im assuming there is still one A object that hasnt been retracted.  If I comment out the retract it executes Rule 2 fine.p  pAm I missing something about these rules workp  pThanks. Justin p
Negative 3262 pUsing Mysql Administrator GUI tool  I have exported some data tables retrieved from an sql dumpfile into csv files.p  pI then tried to import these csv files into a postgres database using the postgres COPY command. Ive tried entering COPY articles FROM [insert .csv dir here] DELIMITERS , CSV and also the same command without the delimiters part.p  pI get an error saying ERRORinvalid input syntax for integer id and CONTEXT COPY articles, line 1, column id idp  pIn conclusion my question is what are some thoughts and solutions to this problem Could it possibly be something to do with the way I created the csv files or have I made a rookie mistake elsewherep
Negative 3262 pIm inserting a row using an Oracle stored procedure which is configured to use an autonomous transaction.  Id like to insert this record, commit that transaction, and then lock the newlyinserted record so that nobody else can modify it except my current session in another transaction, obviously, since the one that inserted it is autonomous.p  pHow can I ensure that nobody else gets a lock on this new record before I have a chance to codeSELECT...FOR UPDATEcode itp  pUsing Oracle 10g.p
Negative 3262 pI just wonder how does the parentalcontrol sites do problematically the web filtering and the URL blocking in their applicationsp  pI ask because I need to build something similar p
Negative 3262 pHow do I make my view appear below the green bar during a phone call right now my app is being partially covered by the green bar during a phone call.p
Negative 3262 pI want to change the color of text in a specific row of a virtual string tree. is it possiblep
Negative 3262 pLets say i have a website  mysite.com that will store some sensitive personal data bank related On this website i have an oracle database with a USERS tables that will store the logins and passwords of users from mysite.comp  pI have a few questions p  pHow should i store passwords,encryption of course, but which p  pWhat should be the process for registration  send an email to confirm is really necessary p  pAny good advices on login processes in general p  pFor information, i m using Oracle APEXp
Negative 3262 pIm getting the following error while trying to print,p  pError in Printing  Value cannot be null. Parameter name  ptrp  pCan anyone help me on y this error keep coming. This issue started only after updating my printer drivers.p
Negative 3262 pSo, when developing, I get a crash when running the app in iPhone simulator. Say something like this in the console...p  precode20100801 192804.228 FakeCreme[32888207] adding bucket null 20100801 192804.230 FakeCreme[32888207]  Terminating app due to uncaught exception NSInvalidArgumentException, reason  [NSMutableArray insertObjectatIndex] attempt to insert nil object at 0  Call stack at first throw      0   CoreFoundation                      0x02641919 exceptionPreprocess  185     1   libobjc.A.dylib                     0x0278f5de objcexceptionthrow  47     2   CoreFoundation                      0x0263b571 [NSArrayM insertObjectatIndex]  225     3   CoreFoundation                      0x026369c4 [NSArrayM addObject]  68     4   FakeCreme                           0x0000b645 [BucketsTable didReceiveEventswithVerbforDomain]  557     5   FakeCreme                           0x0002e2fa [EventManager addObjectwithVerbinDomain]  3206     6   FakeCreme                           0x0000a7a8 [BucketsTable viewDidLoad]  1389     7   UIKit                               0x003cac26 [UIViewController view]  179     8   UIKit                               0x003c9050 [UIViewController contentScrollView]  42     9   UIKit                               0x003d8df7 [UINavigationController computeAndApplyScrollContentInsetDeltaForViewController]  48     10  UIKit                               0x003d74ff [UINavigationController layoutViewController]  43     11  UIKit                               0x003d8789 [UINavigationController startTransitionfromViewControllertoViewController]  524     12  UIKit                               0x003d3329 [UINavigationController startDeferredTransitionIfNeeded]  266     13  UIKit                               0x004ee209 [UILayoutContainerView layoutSubviews]  226     14  QuartzCore                          0x040e50d5 [CALayer layoutSublayers]  177     15  QuartzCore                          0x040e4e05 CALayerLayoutIfNeeded  220     16  QuartzCore                          0x040e464c ZN2CA7Context18committransactionEPNS11TransactionE  302     17  QuartzCore                          0x040e42b0 ZN2CA11Transaction6commitEv  292     18  UIKit                               0x0032563f [UIApplication reportAppLaunchFinished]  39     19  UIKit                               0x00325a68 [UIApplication runWithURLpayloadlaunchOrientationstatusBarStylestatusBarHidden]  545     20  UIKit                               0x0032f452 [UIApplication handleEventwithNewEvent]  1958     21  UIKit                               0x00328074 [UIApplication sendEvent]  71     22  UIKit                               0x0032cac4 UIApplicationHandleEvent  7495     23  GraphicsServices                    0x02cbbafa PurpleEventCallback  1578     24  CoreFoundation                      0x02622dc4 CFRUNLOOPISCALLINGOUTTOASOURCE1PERFORMFUNCTION  52     25  CoreFoundation                      0x02583737 CFRunLoopDoSource1  215     26  CoreFoundation                      0x025809c3 CFRunLoopRun  979     27  CoreFoundation                      0x02580280 CFRunLoopRunSpecific  208     28  CoreFoundation                      0x025801a1 CFRunLoopRunInMode  97     29  UIKit                               0x00325226 [UIApplication run]  625     30  UIKit                               0x00330b58 UIApplicationMain  1160     31  FakeCreme                           0x000025a0 main  102     32  FakeCreme                           0x00002531 start  53     33                                   0x00000001 0x0  1  terminate called after throwing an instance of NSException codepre  pDetails of crash dont matter, just an illustration.p  pNow, it used to be the case that when I get such a crash, I can run Xcode debugger and get the call trace conveniently loaded there, so that the debugger loads the call stack and I can interactively navigate in the methods that were called just at the time.p  pBut ever since installing Xcode 3.2.3 andor switching computers, this doesnt work. I load debugger at this point where my app is halted, but it comes up empty, no call stack.p  pIm sure there is an Xcode setting I have missed somewhere, but didnt find anything on my own quickly glancing through settings. What do I need to do to get the call stack loaded in debugger at this pointp
Negative 3262 pIs there any way to tell the difference between data after flags and subflags after the flag in a yahoo certificate i exported, there is a section with codea0 2d a0 2b ...code, where its all flags. on the other hand, the subject key ID is codea0 1e 6e 0c 9b 6e 6a eb d2 ae 5a 4a 18 ff 0e 93 46 1a d6 32code. how would i tell the difference between which is what other flags such as code03code, code04code, and code06code do this a lotp  palso, does anyone recognize the string code86 29code its neither a flag nor readable data the 29 is , but that doesnt seem to contribute to anythingp
Negative 3262 pI have a web application that sends a single sms to multiple numbers via gsm.Every user has this application in his local system. I am able to send messages one by one. Thus far i have only 10 numbers so there is no problem. Consider i have a file having 10000 mobile numbers,p  ul liwhat will happen to my execution timeli liWhat is your suggestion for this scenarioli ul  pstrongNOTEstrongbr I dont use an sms gateway because its a simple application which ll be hosted in IIS of my user system only..p  pI have mobile phone connected to my system and i am sending sms through it..p
Negative 3262 pHow can I make the a hrefhttpdocs.jquery.comPluginsAutocompleteautocomplete relnofollowjQuery autocompletea show Loading... in the dropdown while its loadingp
Negative 3262 pI am using a library called a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comKBgraphicsexifextractor.aspxEXIFextractora to extract metadata information from images. This lib in part is using emSystem.Drawing.Imaging.PropertyItemem to do all the hard work. Some of the data in PropertyItem, such as Image Details etcetera, are fetched as an ASCIIstring stored in a byte[] according to the Microsoft documentation. p  pMy problem is that international characters , , , etcetera are dropped and replaced by questionmarks. When I debug the code it is apparent that the byte[] is a representation of an UTF8. p  pId like to parse the byte[] as an UTF8string, how can I do this without loosing any information in the process p  pThanks in advancep  hr  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pI have been asked to provide a snippet from my codep  pThe first snippet is from the class I use, namely the emEXIFextractor.csem written by Asim Goheerp  precodeforeach System.Drawing.Imaging.PropertyItem p in parr    string v                      ...   else if p.Type  0x2       string        v  ascii.GetStringp.Value   codepre  pAnd this is my code where I try my best to handle the results of the above.p  precode                try    EXIFextractor exif  new EXIFextractorref bmp,    object o                     if o  exif[Image Description]  null                         MediaFile.Description  Tools.UTF8Encodeo.ToString  codepre  pI have also tried a couple of other ways of getting my precious , ,  from the data, but nothing seems to do the trick. I am starting to think Hans Passant is right about his conclusions in his answer below. p
Negative 3262 pIm developing a documentation testing framework  basically unit tests for PDFs. Tests are decorated methods of instances of classes defined by the framework, and these are located and instantiated at runtime and the methods are invoked to execute the tests.p  pMy goal is to cut down on the amount of quirky Python syntax that the people who will write tests need to be concerned about, as these people may or may not be Python programmers, or even very much programmers at all.  So I would like them to be able to write def foo instead of def fooself for methods, but still be able to use self to access members.p  pIn an ordinary program I would consider this a horrible idea, but in a domainspecificlanguagey kind of program like this one, it seems worth a try.p  pI have successfully eliminated the self from the method signature by using a decorator actually, since I am using a decorator already for the test cases, I would just roll it into that, but self does not then refer to anything in the test case method.p  pI have considered using a global for self, and even come up with an implementation that more or less works, but Id rather pollute the smallest namespace possible, which is why I would prefer to inject the variable directly into the test case methods local namespace.  Any thoughtsp
Negative 3262 pI want to replicate ls ltr unix command in perl script without using backticks, exec or system. Following script is workingp  precodeuse strict my dirabcxyzlog opendirDIR, dir or die Can not open dir  my latest  sort M b ltgt M a ltdirgt my latest2 grep  . ampamp f  latest closedir DIR codepre  pQuestion How can I combine the sort and grep in a single line so that I can do away with latest2 p
Negative 3262 pI have a variable which contains the html content, codehtmlcode and a variable with the pdf content codepdfcode. p  pI can create zip files by using codezipgtaddFilefile,filecode where file is a file on the disk However, I want to create zip files with content from the variables, without having to write them to disk first. How do I do itp  pI am already storing html and pdf asis in the db. Zipping them would help me save some space in my db.p  pMy next question will most probably be how do I unzip contents without unzipping them to disk first, but lets see.p
Negative 3262 pI have recently written a socket server in PHP that will be handling communication between an Android phone application and my PHP webserver.  Due to the fact that Android doesnt natively support push style notifications we are going to be using our webserver as the middleware layer to handle our pushes.  p  pThe socket server is stable, runs well, and seems to scale nicely.  While I would eventually like to rewrite this in C I dont have the skill necessary to do that right now so I am going to be staying in PHP for at least a short while.  As of this moment our Android emulator is able to communicate through the server, get pushes, etc. so that part is all covered.p  pMy concern is that, right now, anyone can open a socket to my server and will be given a client connection.  While we wont be passing sensitive data back and forth I dont want to allow just anyone to connect over and receive broadcast information, eat up my resources, and clog my server in general.  p  pThe question is, how do I secure a server like this  Lets assume that I am running on port 25,000can I set up some sort of SSL layer on that port and expect devices like the Android to be able to communicate over that port without any special protocols or jumping through hoopsp  pI have considered asking the connecting clients to authenticate their user against our user database before being given a client connection, but that would require the passing of credentials in plain text over the network which I am NOT about to do.p  pAny suggestions on this would be very helpfulI am rather new to straight TCP communication from PHP and feel like I might just be missing something simple that allows for authentication on this level.p  pAdditional information If I am able to get a valid username and password securely I would be using MySQL to validate the user and then acceptreject their connection based on the results of the query.p  pThanks in advance..p
Negative 3262 precodeincludeltstdio.hgt int mainvoid    int a[3]  1,2,3   printfnt u u u tn,a,ampa,ampa1   return 0  codepre  pNow i dont get why a and ampa return the same value, what is the reasoning and the practical application behind it Also what is the type of ampa and could i also do ampampa p
Negative 3262 pA have image save in mysql database as bolb and I wish to display it out in fpdf using php. Im having problem doing this as I am very new to fpdf. I really need help. Thank you.p
Negative 3262 pI am a Java developer, totally new to C. I am currently writing a DLL for distribution across my organization. It is a very simple library containing a couple of classes and I do not see any real use in putting all of them into some namespace just for the sake of it. Do I really have to use a namespace If so, why Is it some kind of a best practicep
Negative 3262 precode html lt using Html.BeginFormMyAction, MyController,                     new  id  ViewContext.RouteData.Values[id] ,                    FormMethod.Post,                     new  enctype  multipartformdata, classmyForm    gt     ltinput typefile nameblah gt  lt  gt     script container.find.myButton.clickfunction      container.find.myForm.submit  codepre  pBefore the form is submitted, I need to add some extra parameters route values which can only be calculated at the time of submit.p  pHow do I do thatp
Negative 3262 pWhen I use Microsoft.ACE.OLEDB.12.0 to access an Excel file, Is Office 2007 required to be installed on the machine or it is enough if just the just Access Database Engine is instaled p
Negative 3262 pI want to lock one record and then no one may make changes to that record. When I release the lock, then people may change the record. p  pIn the meantime that a record is locked, I want to show the user a warning that the record is locked and that changes are not allowed.p  pHow can I do thisp  pIve tried all the IsolationLevel levels, but none of them has the behavior I want. Some of the Isolation levels wait until the lock is released and then make a change. I dont want this, because updating is not allowed at the moment a record is locked.p  pWhat can I do to lock a record and deny all changesp  pI use SQL Server 2008p
Negative 3262 pi have a weird problem  i have ASP.NET website and i have a page with pageload which never get executedno matter what i do ,i deleted the pageload and doubled clicked the aspx page it generated pageload again i inserted my code inside and made breakpoint but it never get hit  p  pAll other Methods gets hit normal like button click and gridview events etc.p  pASP.NET 4p  pit only happens with this page only.p  pany one ever faced this weird problem p
Negative 3262 pDynamic row generation in GridView.  p  pI have one button called Add New Row and database Fields First name, Last Name, Location, Statusp  pstatus  Working, Suspended, Resignedp  pIf i click the Add NewRow button then i should get new row in gridview and All fieldsFirst Name, Last Name, Location should be text fields. Status field should added as dropdown list in GridView.p  pi.e. the dynamic generated gridview should have the fields for First Name, Last Name, Location that are TextFields, and Status would be a DropDownList.p
Negative 3262 pi encounter an error in the code below. p  precoderecursivemutex mRecurMutex conditionvariable cond uniquelockltrecursivemutexgt lockmRecurMutex cond.waitlock  Error Here.  codepre  pWhat is the reason cause this error  p  pThanks. p
Negative 3262 pWhy are messages displayed at designtimep  pMy code is p  precodeclass Class1  TextBox      public Class1              this.Resize  new EventHandlerClass1Resize           void Class1Resizeobject sender, EventArgs e              MessageBox.ShowResize       codepre  pPic p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com5bJfe.jpg altalt textp
Negative 3262 pI found this piece of code that can detect if a user has already visited your web page by injecting a hidden link into the DOM and checking if the color of it is the same as the one for visited links.p  precodefunction hasLinkBeenVisitedurl              var link  document.createElementa             link.href  url             document.body.appendChildlink             if link.currentStyle                  var color  link.currentStyle.color                 if color  ff0000                     return true                     return false                  else                      link.setAttributehref,url                     var computedstyle  document.defaultView.getComputedStyle link, null                      if computedstyle                      if computedstyle.color  rgb255, 0, 0                     return true                                  return false                       codepre  pIt works fine for desktop browsers, however it doesnt for Blackberrys. You guys know of a way of knowingp
Negative 3262 pI have a grid in GXT, something like thisp  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecodeListltColumnConfiggt configs  new ArrayListltColumnConfiggt ColumnConfig config  new ColumnConfig config.setIdtype config.setHeaderType config.setWidth50 configs.addconfig config  new ColumnConfig config.setIdtext config.setHeaderInfo config.setWidth75 configs.addconfig  columnModel  new ColumnModelconfigs listStore  new ListStoreltDtoModelgt  grid  new GridltDtoModelgtlistStore, columnModel grid.setAutoHeighttrue grid.setAutoWidthtrue  VerticalPanel verticalPanel  new VerticalPanel verticalPanel.setLayoutnew FillLayout verticalPanel.addgrid codepre  pThis creates the grid just fine with one exception the width is limited to the sum of the column widths.  When I forgo the column widths, the grid ends up having 0 width.  p  pIs there a way to have this grid and its columns expand to fill the entire area available to itp  pstrongEditstrong One of the difficulties is the codeColumnConfig.setWidthcode method only takes an codeintcode as a parameter, so I cant specify 100 as a string or something like that.p
Negative 3262 pI need to have a strongconditional cursorstrong, likep  ul liIf a row exists using strongWHEN EXISTSstrong or something like this, then my cursor is ul liCURSOR varCursor IS SELECT 1 a FROM DUALli ulli liElse ul liCURSOR varCursor IS SELECT 2 a FROM DUALli ulli ul  pBut look, I dont want to change a column result, I want to change the entire cursor.p  pBellow I put a bigger example.p  pThanksp  hr  pSeep  precodeSET serveroutput ON SIZE 900000 DECLARE   CURSOR varCursor IS SELECT 1 a FROM DUAL    CURSOR varCursor IS SELECT 2 a FROM DUAL BEGIN   FOR varRow IN varCursor LOOP     dbmsoutput.putlinerow   varRow.a   END LOOP   dbmsoutput.putlineDone.   END codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a plain ol UITableView, and I want its cells to have the delete button on the left. I know this is done using UITableViewCellStyleDelete.p  pI set up my tableview like sop  precodeadjustmentTable.rowHeight  35.0  [adjustmentTable setEditingYES animatedYES] adjustmentTable.allowsSelectionDuringEditing  YES adjustmentTable.userInteractionEnabled  YES codepre  pWith breakpoints, i know that this function is getting calledp  precode UITableViewCellEditingStyletableViewUITableView tableView editingStyleForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath      if indexPath.row lt tmpNumOfRows          return UITableViewCellEditingStyleDelete           return UITableViewCellEditingStyleInsert  codepre  pand in my cellForRowAtIndexPath method, i set the cells editing mode to YES. When my tableview shows up, it has the indentations for the buttons on the left, but no buttons show up, its just a white indentation. Am I missing more steps to get the redgreen buttons to showp
Negative 3262 pMy problem is similar to the one in this question, but the opposite. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3876891howdoispecifylayoutfalseinrailsrespondwithhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3876891howdoispecifylayoutfalseinrailsrespondwithap  pThe controller is sort of a file converter. It responds to many formats. One format is supposed to render an html layout showing metadata. This format need the layout to be rendered, unlike most other formats. Problem is I cant convince Rails to render it.p  precodeclass CustomFilesController lt ApplicationController   respondto all, only gt show   def show     customfile  CustomFile.findparams[id]     respondwithcustomfile do format       format.html        format.xml        format.json        format.fil          puts gtgtgtgtgt IN FIL ltltltltlt         render layout gt true              format.any          file  customfile.astype gt params[format], size gt params[size]  the REAL path to the file         file.nil  customfile.nil  headnotfound  sendfilefile, disposition gt inline, urlbasedfilename gt true            end   end end codepre  pI thought layout  true would work but apparently not.p  pAs you can see I have stripped away everything else in the controller before pasting it in here. The format fil is added to the mime types as a texthtml format in configinitializersmimetypes.rb. I have my view file in place and it renders, but without any layout around it.p  pI would appreciate any advice. I have gotten nowhere for a while now and anything I find online suggests my code should work.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 precode[cell.detailTextLabel setBackgroundColor[UIColor blackColor]] codepre  pdoesnt work. Any way to make it workp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pThis question is pretty simple, but Im not seeing why the code isnt workingp  pHeres how I set the members of a ComboBox I have on my formp  precodeprivate void LoadUsersToComboBox      ScansEntities3 db  new ScansEntities3      comboBox1.DataSource  db.People     comboBox1.DisplayMember  Name     comboBox1.ValueMember  ID  codepre  pAnd heres how I use the selected memberp  precodeprivate void CreateNewDepartment      if textBox1.Text  String.Empty ampamp comboBox1.SelectedIndex gt 0              ScansEntities3 db  new ScansEntities3           Department department  new Department                      Name  textBox1.Text,                                 Person  PersoncomboBox1.SelectedItem,                               db.AddToDepartmentsdepartment         db.SaveChanges                   codepre  pIm getting this errorp  precodeSystem.InvalidOperationException was unhandled   MessageAn entity object cannot be referenced by multiple instances of IEntityChangeTracker.   SourceSystem.Data.Entity   StackTrace        at System.Data.Objects.DataClasses.EntityObject.System.Data.Objects.DataClasses.IEntityWithChangeTracker.SetChangeTrackerIEntityChangeTracker changeTracker        at System.Data.EntityUtil.SetChangeTrackerOntoEntityObject entity, IEntityChangeTracker tracker        at System.Data.Objects.ObjectStateManager.AddEntryObject dataObject, EntityKey passedKey, EntitySet entitySet, String argumentName, Boolean isAdded        at System.Data.Objects.ObjectContext.AddSingleObjectEntitySet entitySet, Object entity, String argumentName        at System.Data.Objects.ObjectContext.AddObjectString entitySetName, Object entity        at SQLiteTestingGrounds.ScansEntities3.AddToDepartmentsDepartment department in CUsersSergio.Tapiadocumentsvisual studio 2010ProjectsSQLite Testing GroundsSQLite Testing GroundsModel2.Designer.csline 89        at SQLiteTestingGrounds.Form1.CreateNewDepartment in CUsersSergio.Tapiadocumentsvisual studio 2010ProjectsSQLite Testing GroundsSQLite Testing GroundsForm1.csline 64        at SQLiteTestingGrounds.Form1.button1ClickObject sender, EventArgs e in CUsersSergio.Tapiadocumentsvisual studio 2010ProjectsSQLite Testing GroundsSQLite Testing GroundsForm1.csline 51        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.OnClickEventArgs e        at System.Windows.Forms.Button.OnClickEventArgs e        at System.Windows.Forms.Button.OnMouseUpMouseEventArgs mevent        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WmMouseUpMessageamp m, MouseButtons button, Int32 clicks        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.ButtonBase.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.Button.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.OnMessageMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.WndProcMessageamp m        at System.Windows.Forms.NativeWindow.DebuggableCallbackIntPtr hWnd, Int32 msg, IntPtr wparam, IntPtr lparam        at System.Windows.Forms.UnsafeNativeMethods.DispatchMessageWMSGamp msg        at System.Windows.Forms.Application.ComponentManager.System.Windows.Forms.UnsafeNativeMethods.IMsoComponentManager.FPushMessageLoopInt32 dwComponentID, Int32 reason, Int32 pvLoopData        at System.Windows.Forms.Application.ThreadContext.RunMessageLoopInnerInt32 reason, ApplicationContext context        at System.Windows.Forms.Application.ThreadContext.RunMessageLoopInt32 reason, ApplicationContext context        at System.Windows.Forms.Application.RunForm mainForm        at SQLiteTestingGrounds.Program.Main in CUsersSergio.Tapiadocumentsvisual studio 2010ProjectsSQLite Testing GroundsSQLite Testing GroundsProgram.csline 18        at System.AppDomain.nExecuteAssemblyAssembly assembly, String[] args        at System.AppDomain.ExecuteAssemblyString assemblyFile, Evidence assemblySecurity, String[] args        at Microsoft.VisualStudio.HostingProcess.HostProc.RunUsersAssembly        at System.Threading.ThreadHelper.ThreadStartContextObject state        at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state        at System.Threading.ThreadHelper.ThreadStart   InnerException  codepre  pThere also another issue which might contribute to this code failingp  pThe Name attribute is a string, expected since thats what it is in the database. The Person attribute is a Department.Person type, when in the database its a foreign key integer.p  pSo this doesnt workp  precode    private void CreateNewDepartment              if textBox1.Text  String.Empty ampamp comboBox1.SelectedIndex gt 0                      ScansEntities3 db  new ScansEntities3               Department department  new Department                              Name  textBox1.Text,                                     Person  PersoncomboBox1.SelectedItem.ID,                                       db.AddToDepartmentsdepartment             db.SaveChanges                           codepre
Negative 3262 pI would like to imitate this exact feature on this page.  Move mouse toward the top browser barp  pa hrefhttpmypersonalgrowth.compersonalgrowthwhatanthonyrobbinsteachesaboutemotionsandmeaning relnofollowhttpmypersonalgrowth.compersonalgrowthwhatanthonyrobbinsteachesaboutemotionsandmeaningap  pI guess all i need to know is how to create the hovering mouse action, the rest I should be able to handle myself.p  pAny tutorials I dont know js.p  pThanks Everyone.p
Negative 3262 pplease help me, my problem isp  pin one .txt file i havep  precoderpgoCPpref    [enabled]  true,  [button]  true,  [debug]  false,  [questsfull]  false,  [tooltipshtml]  true,  [tooltip]  true,  [verbose]  false,  [scan]     [inventory]  true,   [talents]  true,   [glyphs]  true,   [honor]  true,   [reputation]  true,   [spells]  true,   [pet]  true,   [equipment]  true,   [currency]  true,   [companions]  true,   [professions]  true,   [mail]  true,   [skills]  true,   [quests]  true,   [bank]  true,  ,  [ver]  30000,  [fixicon]  true,  [talentsfull]  true,  [fixtooltip]  true,  [fixcolor]  true,  [lite]  true,  [reagentfull]  true,  [fixquantity]  true,  codepre  pwho is the form of convert or parse in array in php for you help thxp
Negative 3262 pI have written a console application in C VS2008. In that I have multiple classes declared without specifying any accessibility modifier. Likep  precodeNamespace MyNamespace      Class MyClass          ..        codepre  pNow I added a new console application for testing purpose. I added reference to NUnit framework dll. And then a reference to my main project dll. But when I try to create an object of MyClass into my TestFixture class, then I get an error like MyNamespace.MyClass is inaccessible due to its protection levelp  pDo I need to create my class as public But what if my project cannot afford itp
Negative 3262 pIm making a fairly simple text editor, and I have a question about my style buttons. When I highlight text and click my bold button, the text bolds as expected, but my selection is not longer visible. I can still unbold the selection, italicize it, or underline it, but you just cant see what is selected. So, Im wondering if there is a setting that will allow me to click the button, but keep my selection I tried a JMenuItem instead of a JButton, and that seemed to work, but then it made my toolbar look quite bad. Sample code below.p  precodeframe and pane creation up here JToolBar tool  new JToolBar JToggleButton boldButton  new JToggleButtonBold boldButton.addActionListenernew StyledEditorKit.BoldAction tool.addboldButton codepre  pAny help is appreciated.p
Negative 3262 pThis one made me thinkp  precodeclass X  void fooX p      delete p  codepre  pHow can we possibly codedelete pcode if we do not even know whether codeXcode has visible destructor g 4.5.1 gives three warningsp  blockquote precodewarning possible problem detected in invocation of delete operator warning p has incomplete type warning forward declaration of struct X codepre blockquote  pAnd then it saysp  blockquote   pnote strongneither the destructor nor the classspecific operator delete   will be called, even if they are declared when the class is defined.strongp blockquote  pWow... are compilers required to diagnose this situation like g does Or is it undefined behaviorp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to get summary by two conditions, much like Sumifs function of excel Like  SumTotalCosts where Region  4 and Currency  USD. Thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 blockquote   pPosted immediately after the application finishes launching.p blockquote  pThats what the Apple docs state. But I dont see how an object could receive this notification. It would have to add itself as an observer, but the earliest it could do this is in the codeapplicationdidFinishLaunchingWithOptionscode method. At that moment, the notification has already been posted. I dont see any use for this notification, or am I overlooking somethingp
Negative 3262 pThisp  precodeSELECT AVGLENGTHstring    FROM BLAH   LIMIT 10 codepre  p...seems to grind through all results. If I take off the AVG, its way faster. Is it best to create a subquery likep  precodeSELECT AVGlen    FROM SELECT LENGTHstring as len            FROM BLAH           LIMIT 10 as herp codepre  pThis also seems slow. I dont want to load it all into php loop through with strlen. I was hoping there was a memory efficient solution.p
Negative 3262 pI have a web application, written in PHP, where we have a couple of files that regularly needs to be sent to multiple recipients. The client wishes to have the mail conversation in their mailbox, so the web app should not send the emails itself. Is it possible, and if so how, to do the followingp  ol liCreate an email with multiple recipients li liAdd text to the subject and body of the emailli liDownload and attach a zip file which is available on the serverli ol  pThe mail client in question is Outlook  Im unsure of the exact version.p  pIm open to suggestions on which technology to use for this  the client mentioned Visual Basic but Im unsure of how I could use that on the client side of the web app  or if its even appropriate.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to write a program in C, which will allow me to get a string I want between two other strings that will be defined. To be more specific, my example string isp  precode blahblahltmailtoagent007example.orggtblahblahblah codepre  pand I need to be able to extract the agent007 substring to a new variable. I have tried the strtok method, but the thing is I cant extract the tokens to a new variable or an array. I have tokenized the string and the statement that would suite me fine would be something like  emif token[i]  mailto ampamp token[i2]  example then mailAdd  token[i1] em in a pseudocode way  p  pmy program so farp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt  int main     char str[] blahblahltmailtoagent007example.orggtblahblahblah   char  tch   tch  strtok str,lt   while tch  NULL         printf sn,tch     tch  strtok NULL, lt      return 0  codepre  pOf course, any other suggestion beyond tokens will be greatly appreciated  p
Negative 3262 pThis morning i stumbled upon this source code for a miner game  a hrefhttpwww.emanueleferonato.com20101022createaflashgamelikegoldmineras3version relnofollowhttpwww.emanueleferonato.com20101022createaflashgamelikegoldmineras3versionap  pThe problem is that I never used packages and classes before  I only worked with as2  .p  pI need the code from the AS files to be in the timeline AS but cant figure out a way to have it there and working .p  pIf anybody knows how please tell me .p  pI tried copypasting the code , removing the package,class and private text and it still doesnt work .p  pAny help is apreciated.p  pChrisp
Negative 3262 pIve heared that it could be possible to create an alias for a field using Oracle views, is that really possible can you show a simple example p  pp.s. I need an alias for each field in my table for some reason regarding my application. thank you in advance.p
Negative 3262 pim working with the youtube json from googleapiclient p  precode     apiVersion 2.0,     data          updated 20110105T134833.146Z,         totalItems 4,         startIndex 1,         itemsPerPage 1,         items [                              id YfUzMkAlOBI,                 uploaded 20101229T165047.000Z,                 updated 20101229T165047.000Z,                 uploader devandroidcs,                 category Entertainment,                 title Teste 2,                 description Description do teste2,                 tags [                     mobile                 ],                 thumbnail                      sqDefault httpi.ytimg.comviYfUzMkAlOBIdefault.jpg,                     hqDefault httpi.ytimg.comviYfUzMkAlOBIhqdefault.jpg                 ,                 player                      default httpwww.youtube.comwatchvu003dYfUzMkAlOBIampfeatureu003dyoutubegdataplayer,                     mobile httpm.youtube.comdetailsvu003dYfUzMkAlOBI                  . . .  codepre  pat this point i should create a  field name called default at my parse java class. Already done this parse  work with the other fields , the problem is that  , default is a private java name  so i cant call a variable default .p  phow can i manage that p
Negative 3262 pI have a problem in my application At some point, the SynchronizationContext.Current becomes null for the main thread. Im unable to reproduce the same problem in an isolated project. My real project is complex it mixes Windows Forms and WPF and calls WCF Web Services. As far as I know, those are all systems that may interact with the SynchronizationContext.p  pThis is the code from my isolated project. My real app does something that resembles that. However, in my real app the SynchronizationContext.Current is null on the main thread when the continuation task is executed.p  precodeprivate void button2Clickobject sender, EventArgs e      if SynchronizationContext.Current  null              Debug.FailSynchronizationContext.Current is null           Task.Factory.StartNew gt              CallWCFWebServiceThatThrowsAnException          .ContinueWitht gt               update the UI         UpdateGUIt.Exception          if SynchronizationContext.Current  null                      Debug.FailSynchronizationContext.Current is null               , CancellationToken.None,         TaskContinuationOptions.OnlyOnFaulted,        TaskScheduler.FromCurrentSynchronizationContext  codepre  pWhat could cause the SynchronizationContext.Current of the main thread to become nullp  pstrongEditstrongp  pHans asked for the stack trace. Here it isp  pre     at MyApp.Framework.UI.Commands.AsyncCommand.HandleTaskErrorTask task in dsourcess2FrameworkSourcesUICommandsAsyncCommand.csline 157    at System.Threading.Tasks.Task.cDisplayClassb.baObject obj    at System.Threading.Tasks.Task.InnerInvoke    at System.Threading.Tasks.Task.Execute    at System.Threading.Tasks.Task.ExecutionContextCallbackObject obj    at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.runTryCodeObject userData    at System.Runtime.CompilerServices.RuntimeHelpers.ExecuteCodeWithGuaranteedCleanupTryCode code, CleanupCode backoutCode, Object userData    at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunInternalExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state    at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state, Boolean ignoreSyncCtx    at System.Threading.Tasks.Task.ExecuteWithThreadLocalTask currentTaskSlot    at System.Threading.Tasks.Task.ExecuteEntryBoolean bPreventDoubleExecution    at System.Threading.Tasks.SynchronizationContextTaskScheduler.PostCallbackObject obj    at System.RuntimeMethodHandle.InvokeMethodFastIRuntimeMethodInfo method, Object target, Object[] arguments, SignatureStruct sig, MethodAttributes methodAttributes, RuntimeType typeOwner    at System.RuntimeMethodHandle.InvokeMethodFastIRuntimeMethodInfo method, Object target, Object[] arguments, Signature sig, MethodAttributes methodAttributes, RuntimeType typeOwner    at System.Reflection.RuntimeMethodInfo.InvokeObject obj, BindingFlags invokeAttr, Binder binder, Object[] parameters, CultureInfo culture, Boolean skipVisibilityChecks    at System.Delegate.DynamicInvokeImplObject[] args    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.InvokeMarshaledCallbackDoThreadMethodEntry tme    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.InvokeMarshaledCallbackHelperObject obj    at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.runTryCodeObject userData    at System.Runtime.CompilerServices.RuntimeHelpers.ExecuteCodeWithGuaranteedCleanupTryCode code, CleanupCode backoutCode, Object userData    at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunInternalExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state    at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state, Boolean ignoreSyncCtx    at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.InvokeMarshaledCallbackThreadMethodEntry tme    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.InvokeMarshaledCallbacks    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WndProcMessage m    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.OnMessageMessage m    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.WndProcMessage m    at System.Windows.Forms.NativeWindow.CallbackIntPtr hWnd, Int32 msg, IntPtr wparam, IntPtr lparam    at System.Windows.Forms.UnsafeNativeMethods.DispatchMessageWMSG msg    at System.Windows.Forms.Application.ComponentManager.System.Windows.Forms.UnsafeNativeMethods.IMsoComponentManager.FPushMessageLoopIntPtr dwComponentID, Int32 reason, Int32 pvLoopData    at System.Windows.Forms.Application.ThreadContext.RunMessageLoopInnerInt32 reason, ApplicationContext context    at System.Windows.Forms.Application.ThreadContext.RunMessageLoopInt32 reason, ApplicationContext context    at System.Windows.Forms.Application.RunForm mainForm    at MyApp.Framework.SharedUI.ApplicationBase.InternalStart in dsourcess2FrameworkSourcesUISharedUIApplicationBase.csline 190    at MyApp.Framework.SharedUI.ApplicationBase.Start in dsourcess2FrameworkSourcesUISharedUIApplicationBase.csline 118    at MyApp.App1.WinUI.HDA.Main in dsourcess2App1SourcesWinUIHDA.csline 63  pre
Negative 3262 pCurrently, I have a table being read from like sop  precode        ps  con.prepareStatementSELECT  FROM testrow         rs  ps.executeQuery         rs.next         String[] skills  rs.getStringskills.split         String[] skillInfo         for int i  0 i lt skills.length i              skillInfo  skills[i].split,             newid.addInteger.parseIntskillInfo[0]             newspamt.addByte.parseByteskillInfo[1]             mastery.addByte.parseByteskillInfo[2]                  rs.close         ps.close codepre  pThe information is saved to the database by using StringBuilder to form a string of all the numbers that need to be stored, which would be in the format of number1,number2,number3p  pI had written a test project to see if that method would be faster than using MySQLs batch method, and it beat MySQL by roughly 3 seconds. The only problem Im facing now is when I go to read the information, MySQL completes the job in a few milliseconds, where as calling the information using String[] to split the data by the  character, and then also using String[] to split information within a loop by the , character, takes about 3 to 5 seconds.p  pIs there anyway I can reduce the amount of time it takes to load the data using the String[], or possibly another method p
Negative 3262 pIm using codeboostgraphcode and I have two codevertexdescriptorcodes. What is the quickest way to get the edge between them, without iterating over all the edgesp
Negative 3262 pWhy is it eating up all my CPU like crazyp  pload average 4.60, 4.26, 2.55p
Negative 3262 pi want create a screen for entering Sales Order details.p  pi want to fasten the process as fast as possiblep  pSo i have a table with two text boxesp  precodeProduct name           Qty    codepre  pSo if i click on codecode i want to create new text boxes under Product name and Qty. The number of items may be 50 or more. How can i do thisp
Negative 3262 pfirst time posting here,p  pI am writing a dynamic control that I want to pass in something along the lines of the followingp  precodeHyperLink myLink  new HyperLink   myLink.NavigateUrl  Home.aspxidlt DataBinder.EvalPageId gt   myLink.Text  The link   myControl.Controls.AddmyLink   codepre  pI want to be able to resolve the myLink.NavigateUrl at runtime according to the context that myControl puts the control into in the end this is not a WebControl and therefore adding to the collection of controls doesnt output to page.p
Negative 3262 pI have a codeListActivitycode in which I am trying to display an codeImageViewcode under the List.  Im attempting to do this by creating my own codeBaseAdaptercode and using two different methods inside the codegetViewcode method, one for the List and one for the codeImageViewcode.  I managed to get the codeImageViewcode displayed under the List how I want it, but the problem I am having is the List isnt displayed correctly.p  pFor some reason any item in the list that isnt on the screen until the user scrolls down gets populated with the wrong data like sop  precodeTop Screen      Item 1             Item 2             Item 3             Item 4        Bottom Screen      Item 1          ltItems not on the screen show      Item 1          ltas item 1 once the user scrolls      Image View       codepre  pWhat it should be is like sop  precodeTop Screen      Item 1             Item 2             Item 3             Item 4        Bottom Screen      Item 5             Item 6             Image View    codepre  pMy custom codeBaseAdaptercodep  precode    private class MyCustomAdapter extends BaseAdapter          private static final int TYPEITEM  0         private static final int TYPESEPARATOR  1         private static final int TYPEMAXCOUNT  TYPESEPARATOR  1          private ArrayListltHashMapltString,Stringgtgt mData  new ArrayListltHashMapltString,Stringgtgt         private LayoutInflater mInflater             private TreeSet mSeparatorsSet  new TreeSet          public MyCustomAdapter              mInflater  LayoutInflatergetSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE                   public void addItemfinal String header, final String message              HashMapltString,Stringgt item  new HashMapltString,Stringgt             item.putLINE1, header             item.putLINE2, message              mData.additem             notifyDataSetChanged                   public void addImageItem              HashMapltString,Stringgt item  new HashMapltString,Stringgt             item.putLINE1,              item.putLINE2,               mData.additem             mSeparatorsSet.addmData.size  1             notifyDataSetChanged                   Override         public int getItemViewTypeint position              return mSeparatorsSet.containsposition  TYPESEPARATOR  TYPEITEM                   Override         public int getViewTypeCount              return TYPEMAXCOUNT                   public int getCount              return mData.size                   public Object getItemint position              return mData.getposition                   public long getItemIdint position              return position                   public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent              ViewHolder vh  null             int type  getItemViewTypeposition             System.out.printlngetView   position     convertView   type    type             if convertView  null                  vh  new ViewHolder                 switch type                      case TYPEITEM                         convertView  mInflater.inflateR.layout.instructionstworow, null                         vh.header  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.instructionsheader                         vh.message  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.instructionsmessage                         vh.header.setTextCharSequence mData.getposition.getLINE1                         vh.message.setTextCharSequence mData.getposition.getLINE2                         break                     case TYPESEPARATOR                         convertView  mInflater.inflateR.layout.instructionsimage, null                         vh.imageView  ImageView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.instuctimage                         vh.imageView.setImageDrawablegetResources.getDrawableR.drawable.instructions                         break                                  convertView.setTagvh                          else                  vh  ViewHolder convertView.getTag                                     return convertView                       public static class ViewHolder          public TextView header         public TextView message         public ImageView imageView      codepre  pThanks for the help allp
Negative 3262 pWe have 2 asp.net web servers working through the LoadBalancer that are accessible externally. Earlier, for all applications we did logging into DB. Now we have 1 more app that doesnt work with DB, it is used for messages transferring. On TEST environment it does logging into files into a local folder. p  pIf we deploy it as is to PROD we will have 2 separate log files... that is not very good idea. Connecting to DB just for logging doesnt seem reasonable too... p  pPossible solution could be store log file into a shared folder somewhere on another server... but, I not sure if this is the best solution.p  pPlease advise.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to make a webapp with using client keys for client authentication. I think Ive figured out the whole truststore problem so I can get the client actually authenticated. However I dont want to require client auth. I just want to test for it and enable features if its enabled.p  pI can use .wantClientAuth which will request it, but allow connection if it doesnt exist. But I cant find any property to find out if the request has been authenticated.p  pThis should exist, otherwise what is the purpose of wantClientAuth. How do I use itp
Negative 3262 pWhen you hover over the top nav links contactdonatemedia in IE7, the footer div comes up to the level of the sidebar.p  pIve tried  Disabling all scripts  Putting clear divs in footer  Setting heightminheight for the sidebar.  Removing the twitterfacebook widgets  Removing all the CSS stylings for the top navigation barp  pSame problem. Any ideasp
Negative 3262 pI have a flash movie which loads some images dynamically, through hphp gateway files.  It works fine accessing through a hrefhttpwww.biaginiproperties.combiaginiweb relnofollowhttpwww.biaginiproperties.combiaginiweba but not through a hrefhttpbiaginiproperties.combiaginiweb relnofollowhttpbiaginiproperties.combiaginiweba . So it does not work without www.p  pI am passing from HTML to Flash through params flashvars the path of the server, with www.p  pWhat could be the problemp
Negative 3262 pIm attempting to have inherited class templates, so that all my models have certain default fields, and all have default overrides for a few functions like savemodelp  pIf I do it like this, I get the overrides, but then have to go and manually set meta data like dbtable...p  precodeclass ModelExtensionmodels.Model     alteredby  models.CharFieldmaxlength64  class SomeModelModelExtension     class Meta         dbtable  appsomemodel     fields  models.CharField     ... codepre  pIs there a way to get this kind of inheritance working right  So far I either have to do extra work to compensate for the drawbacks of this approach, or Im plagued by MRO errors.2p
Negative 3262 pIve created a keyword index table dbo.Keywords that contains all searchable words on my objects like thisp  ul liId Guidli liKeyword nvarcharli liLangId intli ul  pI only store the word once so therefore Ive got this dbo.ObjectKeywords tablep  ul liKeywordId Guidli liObjId guidli liCount intli ul  pIf a word exists more than once on the same object the count increases by one. Ok, so here is my question. What is the best way to mange search on sentences so I can get the most valid result at the top My Idea was to do something like thisp  precodepublic IListltObjgt Searchstring query, int language              var split  query.Splitnew Char[]  , ,, ., , t         ifsplit.Count  1                      return searchRepository.Searchsplit[0], language                   var firstSearch  searchRepository.Searchsplit[0], language         for int index  1 index lt split.Length index                      var nextSearch  searchRepository.Searchsplit[index], language             foreach var obj in nextSearch                              var tmpObj  firstSearch.Whereo gt o.OID  obj.OID.ToList                 iftmpObj.Count  0                     firstSearch.Addobj                 else                                      foreach var obj1 in tmpObj                                              obj1.Count                                                                     return firstSearch.OrderByDescendingogto.Count.ToList       codepre  pIs this the way to do it or is there a more clever way to solve itp  pBr, Erikp
Negative 3262 blockquote   pIm very emnewem to Cocos2d and Box2d, I   have been following a hrefhttpwww.raywenderlich.com relnofollowtutorialsa and   generally hacking. However, I have one   problem I cannot solve.p blockquote  pI create 2 bodies and fixtures in the Box2d world and create a Contact Listener object. This object stores a list of contacts along with the contact point. p  pWhen the two bodies collide a contact point is reported but this I think is in the world coordinate system.p  pMy problem is I cant seem to convert the contact point to a usable coordinate on strongbothstrong of the bodies.p  blockquote   pI want to add a crack graphic to the   sprite connected to the body at the   point of contact on both   bodiesfixtures.p blockquote  pHas anyone solved this I may be storing the contact point relative to the world is completely the wrong way to go.p
Negative 3262 pI am currently creating a bit of a Google Maps application using Javascript API v3. Its a map of results from a wordpress database, which dynamically populates the map, creating markers on the map, and on a sidebar the list of wordpress articles.p  pWhat Im trying to do is the following p  pwhen clicking on the link of the wordpress article on the sidebar, instead of going immediately on the article, it have to open the corresponding infowindow on the map. I tried to do it with JQuery, binding a click event on the link to open the infowindow, but unfortunately, it keeps opening the last infowindow created.p  pI do understand the issue here  JQuery evaluates the marker variable only when the event is fired, thus using the last known value of the variable.p  pWhat I want to do is actually evaluates the marker variable WHILE IN THE LOOP. And there Im stuck. If anyone can help me on this one, Ill be really grateful.p  pThanks for the time youll take to answer me.p  pHeres a link to the app  a hrefhttp88.191.128.36buddypresscarte relnofollowhttp88.191.128.36buddypresscarteap  pand here the function itself  p  precode    function setMarkersmap, markers      for var i  0 i lt markers.length i          var sites  markers[i]         var siteLatLng  new google.maps.LatLngsites[1], sites[2]          if sites[4]  10             var MarkerImage  new google.maps.MarkerImagehttpdediope.inovawork.netbuddypresswpcontentthemesTheSourceimagesmarkerhotel.png        else if sites[4]  9              var MarkerImage  new google.maps.MarkerImagehttpdediope.inovawork.netbuddypresswpcontentthemesTheSourceimagesmarkergolf.png                   var marker  new google.maps.Marker             position siteLatLng,             map map,             icon MarkerImage,             title sites[0],             html ltdivgtltbgt  sites[0]  ltbgt ltbr gt lta href  sites[3]  gt Voir la fiche de ce lieu ltagtltdivgt                markerarray[i]  marker        THIS IS WHERE I NEED HELP      jresultsentry li .titlecontains  sites[0]  .bindclick, function  infowindow.setContent  marker.html  infowindow.open map, marker             var contentString  ltdivgtltbgt  sites[0]  ltbgt ltbr gt lta href  sites[3]  gt Voir la fiche de ce lieu ltagtltdivgt         var infowindow  new google.maps.InfoWindow             content contentString                  google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, function              infowindow.setContentthis.html            infowindow.openmap, this                       codepre  pPS  Sorry if I didnt explain very well, Im french so my english isnt perfect p
Negative 3262 pI have a batch file that pings 20 servers and writes the output to a .txt file. My question is how can I convert the data in my .txt to an excel document thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI am a parttime IT worker for a university print shop. Over the years my predecessor and I have created a very simple, custom ASP.NET website to allow employees to submit print orders, which we then process and deliver.p  pWe have long allowed employees to order business cards, but we only let them enter a few fields  their name, phone number, fax number, etc.  which we then print out on a common stock. But my boss would now like to offer employees more customization, from uploading a photo of themselves to include on the business card, to adding an optional message at the bottom of the card which the employee could customize by entering the text, the font, the color, and so on.p  pThis is a bit beyond my skillset. Are there any out of the box thirdparty products we could buy or that may be freeware that would provide a rich design experience Ideally the customer would have a rich canvas like with Vistaprint.com or any other sort of commercial, direct to consumer, online business card company.p
Negative 3262 precode.style  mozborderradius8px webkitborderradius8px  codepre
Negative 3262 pIve added a tagging  datestamping system to my Android build system similar to the thread found here on Stack Overflow a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2162043embedversiondetailsinandroidapkembed version details in android APKa p  pThis worked out great for me, The post was awesome and I simply modified the Perl to put in a datestamp like thusp  precodeperl npi e sBuild Date.DEVMOBBuild Date  . localtime .  DEVMOBe MANIFEST codepre  pThe issue Im dealing with now is that Eclipse wants to continue building over and over.  As soon as it sees that the AndroidManifest.xml has changed, it starts another autobuild, thereby changing the AndroidManifest.xml and sparking another autobuild...  Rinse, lather, repeat.p  pIve turned off the Build Automatically, and the result are fine for me i.e. only build on a debugging deployment andor after a clean, not on every single file save andor change as Eclipse is want to do.  Coworker wants the Autobuild functioning as normal, and says my date stamping is defective otherwise.p  pHow do I get the Builder to mark the tree as refreshed andor uptodate after modifying the AndroidManifest.xml, so that the tree doesnt keep looping  Looks like the flag that says refreshed is evaluated and triggers a new build after the previous build.p  pThanks,  I can post more details on the date stamping if desired.p  pDDp
Negative 3262 pMy code to calculate the minimum translation vector using the Separating Axis Theorem works perfectly well, except when one of the polygons is completely contained by another polygon. I have scoured the internet for the solution to this problem and everyone just seems to ignore it  a hrefhttpwww.codezealot.orgarchives55satcontain relnofollowhttpwww.codezealot.orgarchives55satcontaina talks about this, but doesnt give a full solution...p  pThe pictures below is a screenshot from my program illustrating the problem. The translucent blue triangle is the position of the rectangle before the MTV is applied, and the other triangle is with the MTV applied.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIXwxK.png altMTV Containment Problem  Screenshotp
Negative 3262 pIm working on a project that tries to load an external library via DexClassLoader. This worked pretty well in 2.3p  precode    public class FormularDisplayLoader  public final static String PATH datadataat.mSystem.clientfilesmSystemClientFormularLibrary.jar         private DexClassLoader classLoader              public FormularDisplayLoaderContext context                     this.context  context                     this.classLoader  new DexClassLoaderdatadataat.mSystem.client     filesmSystemClientFormularLibrary.jar,                         context.getFilesDir.getAbsolutePath,                         null,                         FormularDisplayLoader.class.getClassLoader                           public View getDisplayString className throws ErrorCodeException                     try                              Class c  classLoader.loadClassclassName                             Method m  c.getMethodgetDisplay, Context.class                             View ret  View m.invokec.newInstance, context                             return ret                      catch Exception e                              e.printStackTrace                             throw new     ErrorCodeExceptionFormularErrorCode.NODISPLAYAVAILABLEFORFORMULAR                                         codepre  pUnfortunately, when trying to port this app to Honeycomb because the actual target for this app are tablets the DexClassLoader throws an exceptionp  precode0223 093058.221 ERRORdalvikvm8022 Cant open dex cache data dalvikcache datad...at.mSystem.clientfilesmSystemClientFormularLibrary....classes.dex No such file or directory 0223 093058.221 INFOdalvikvm8022 Unable to open or create cache for datadataat.mSystem.clientfiles mSystemClientFormularLibrary.jar datadalvikcache datad...at.mSystem.clientfilesmSystemClientFormularLibrary....classes.dex 0223 093058.231 WARNSystem.err8022 java.lang.ClassNotFoundException at.mSystem.client.formular.contract.ContractListFormularDisplay in loader dalvik.system.DexClassLoader40630308 0223 093058.241 WARNSystem.err8022     at dalvik.system.DexClassLoader.findClassDexClassLoader.java240 0223 093058.241 WARNSystem.err8022     at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java548 0223 093058.261 WARNSystem.err8022     at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java508 0223 093058.261 WARNSystem.err8022     at at.mSystem.client.system.formularmodule.formular.FormularDisplayLoader.getDisplayFormularDisplayLoader.java 35 codepre  pIt seems like the DexClassLoader ignores the 2th parameter dexOutputDir, as the value of context.getFilesDir.getAbsolutePath in my example is datadata at.mSystem.clientfiles.p  pDo you have any ideas how to solve that Or is this some kind of honeycomb bugp  pThanks,p  pRoland p
Negative 3262 pHello kind people of the audio computing world,p  pI have an array of samples that respresent a recording. Let us say that it is 5 seconds at 44100Hz. How would I play this back at an increased pitch And is it possible to increase and decrease the pitch dynamically Like have the pitch slowly increase to double the speed and then back down.p  pIn other words I want to take a recording and play it back as if it is being scratched by a d.j. p  pPseudocode is always welcomed. I will be writing this up in C. p  pThanks,p  hr  pstrongEDIT 1strongp  pAllow me to clarify my intentions. I want to keep the playback at 44100Hz and so therefore I need to strongmanipulate the samples before playbackstrong. This is also because I would want to strongmix the audio that has an increased pitch with audio that is running at a normal ratestrong. p  pExpressed in another way, maybe I need to shrink the audio over the same number of samples somehow That way when it is played back it will sound fasterp  hr  pstrongEDIT 2strongp  pAlso, I would like to do this myself. No libraries please unless you feel I could pick through the code and find something interesting. p  hr  pstrongEDIT 3strongp  pA sample piece of code written in C that takes 2 arguments array of samples and pitch factor and then returns an array of the new audio would be fantasticp  hr  pPS Ive started a bounty on this not because I dont think the answers already given arent valid. I just thought it would be good to get more feedback on the subject. p  hr  hr  pstrongAWARD OF BOUNTYstrongp  pHonestly I wish I could distribute the bounty over several different answers as they were quite a few that I thought were super helpful. Special shoutout to Daniel for passing me some code and AShelly and Hotpaw2 for putting in such detailed responses. p  pUltimately though I used an answer from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1125666howdoyoudobicubicorothernonlinearinterpolationofresampledaudiodatanother SO questiona referenced by datageist and so the award goes to him. p  pThanks again everyonep
Negative 3262 phey guys, i have a string which contains say 100 words, now i want to split that string for words and want to display 10 words per page. how this could be done... i am not getting the logic for the same..p  pplease reply with how this could be resolved.p
Negative 3262 pIm using the ImageKit and for some reason its displaying the absolute path to images. Any idea how to make it to display the path I have set in the MEDIAURL p
Negative 3262 pI need a dummy window in MSVC, this will never be visible and is created even before the apps main window. Its required by a rendering engine. So Id rather not have to register a class if possible.p  pFor testing it would be better to make it visible to prove it is there  can I use a static or a button or something Ive been trying with CreateWindow but while I am getting a return value, nothing visible is appearing.p
Negative 3262 pSupposing that we have a dictinaryp  precodelinksfoourl1,barurl2,bazurl3, codepre  pI would like by running one for loop if it is possible likep  precodefor link in links     ...     printnextdictinaryvalue codepre  pto print the next value of dictionaly, for the last one I want to print the first. The purpose is every dictinary pair to print connect to another pair with out any pair conection creating a cyclelinking to each other.p
Negative 3262 pIm developing my first iPad application, and the app is a split view like the mail app. Inside the detail view I have 2 sub views, one for editing data and one for just viewing data. When the user is in the view mode they press a button and the detail view flips over to reveal the edit view.p  pI cant seem to make the two views inside the detail view resize properly with the iPad orientation change. The views are the correct size when in portrait mode, but when changed to landscape mode, the two subviews clip at the bottom and right hand edges.  I thought these views were supposed to resize automatically with the view they are nested inside.p  pIn the root view controller, I have the following codep  precodeimplementation RootViewController  synthesize detailViewController synthesize recipies recipies synthesize delegate  pragma mark  pragma mark View lifecycle   voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]     self.clearsSelectionOnViewWillAppear  NO     self.contentSizeForViewInPopover  CGSizeMake320.0, 600.0     self.detailViewController.recipeView.autoresizingMask  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleHeight  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleWidth      self.detailViewController.isEdit FALSE     self.detailViewController.editView.autoresizingMask  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleHeight  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleWidth      self.detailViewController.editView.hidden  YES   codepre  pThe subviews that should resize are recipeView and editView. I thought by setting the autoresizeingMask, they would automatically resize.  What am I missing here, do I need to explicitly set the size of each view based on the available space on orientation changep  pAnyAll replies appreciated Thanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pI am interested in creating a WPF user interface for a QT project. I am wondering if anyone has any recommendations for articles  books which might cover this or similar topics. p  pI am aware that I would need to wrap the QT dll but am unsure of the logistics of this. p  pCheersp  pMike. p
Negative 3262 pWhenever the user zoom in or out the map i need to know how many meters are currently represented on the map width or height.p  pWhat i need is the inverse function of strongMKCoordinateRegionMakeWithDistancestrong to calculate the distance represented by the current map span.p  pI tried the following code but i get wrong results p  precode voidmapViewMKMapView mapView regionDidChangeAnimatedBOOLanimated      MKMapRect mRect  self.map.visibleMapRect     MKMapPoint northMapPoint  MKMapPointMakeMKMapRectGetMidXmRect, MKMapRectGetMinYmRect     MKMapPoint southMapPoint  MKMapPointMakeMKMapRectGetMidXmRect, MKMapRectGetMaxYmRect      self.currentDist  MKMetersBetweenMapPointsnorthMapPoint, southMapPoint  codepre  pIf i set the map region to 1500 meters i get something like 1800 as a result..p  pThanks for your help, Vincentp
Negative 3262 pI have a site in which the front page contains the 4 blocks of text, basically a small introductory boxes. Curently these boxes contain the static data. What I want now is to convert these boxes to content and can change their boxes from admin. Basically making site more user friendly. The boxes contain title , a small thumbnail and small description. I have created a content type in which I have title field , body field and 1 image attached option. Can I show them the way I want without using views.p  pp  precode                        ltphp ifmessages print messages gt                         ltdiv classcontentleftgt                         ltdiv classblock1gt                             lth4 classtitlestorefrontgtGorgeous Storefrontlth4gt                                 Each Shopify store comes with a variety of beautiful themes to choose from.Each Shopify store comes with a variety of beautiful themes to choose from.Each Shopify store comes with a variety of beautiful themes to choose from.Each Shopify store comes with a variety of beautiful themes to choose from.Each Shopify store comes with a variety of beautiful themes to choose from.ltdivgt                             ltdiv classblock1gt                             lth4 classtitlecustomizablegt100 Customizablelth4gt                                 Use your own HTML ampamp CSS and have complete control over the look and feel of your online store.Use your own HTML ampamp CSS and have complete control over the look and feel of your online store.Use your own HTML ampamp CSS and have complete control over the look and feel of your online store.Use your own HTML ampamp CSS and have complete control over the look and feel of your online store.                         ltdivgt                         ltdivgt                         ltdiv classcontentrightgt                             ltdiv classblock1gt                             lth4 classtitleshoppingcartgtShopping Cartlth4gt                                 Your online store will have its own shopping cart and streamlined checkout.Your online store will have its own shopping cart and streamlined checkout.Your online store will have its own shopping cart and streamlined checkout.Your online store will have its own shopping cart and streamlined checkout.Your online store will have its own shopping cart and streamlined checkout.                         ltdivgt                             ltdiv classblock1gt                             lth4 classtitlesecuregtSuper Securelth4gt                                  We have a dedicated team of security experts that make sure your ecommerce site is as secure as possible.We have a dedicated team of security experts that make sure your ecommerce site is as secure as possible.We have a dedicated team of security experts that make sure your ecommerce site is as secure as possible.We have a dedicated team of security experts that make sure your ecommerce site is as secure as possible.                         ltdivgt                         ltdivgt                       ltdivgt lt contentarea gt codepre  pHow can I print title, image and description of a content separately.p
Negative 3262 pHow do I make Lucenes Standard Analyzer tokenize on the. char  For eg., on querying for B I need it to return the B in A.B.C as the result. I need to treat numbers the way the standard analyzer treats it, and hence the Simple analyzer is not sufficient. It would be perfect if I could just specify to the standard Analyzer to tokenize on the. char too. If I had to write my own tokenizer with just this small extension, how would I go about it Thanks, Nachap
Negative 3262 pI am observing a rotation value of a character in a game, and its value confuses me.p  pI am wondering, what kind of unit is used here It does not seem to be radian or degrees.p  pWhen the character faces...br north, rotation  0.014887573br northeast, rotation  0.28192267br east, rotation  0.7139419br southeast, rotation  0.9176189br south, rotation  0.99983466br west, rotation  0.6936041br southwest, rotation  0.90622354br northwest, rotation  0.36119097p  pThere appears to be somekind of exponential increase when facing a more southern rotation. Does this scale make sense to anyonep  pstrongUpdatestrong there appears to be another variable which somehow seems to resolve the actual rotation when multiplied with the above value when facing east or north. If mulitplied, when facing west the value will be 0.5 and when facing east it will be 0.5.p  pHowever, this multiplier becomes 0 when facing south and 1 when facing north, so when you multiple that with the first value they both become 0.p  pWhat kind of rotation representation uses multiple values in a 3D scenep
Negative 3262 pe.g codefor png its imagepngcodep  pWhat would be the HTTPResponse content type for the following file formats e.g. codedoc, docx, ppt, pptx, xls, xlsxcode and open office equivalents.p
Negative 3262 pFor codeltinput typepassword gtcodep  pIn ASP.netp  precodePasswordField.text  RawPasswordString codepre  pThis doesnt work, but can be circumvented withp  precodePasswordField.Attributes.Addvalue, RawPasswordString codepre  pIm doing this so when the registration form fails, they dont need to reenter their passwords if they were valid, this annoys me no end on some websites.  We have a CAPTCHA field that needs server validation, so when this fails the most likely field to fail, I dont want them to enter a correct one, but then the passwords fail because they cleared, meaning they have to enter the CAPTCHA codeagaincode.p  pWhat are the security reasons, and if this page is on HTTPS is that OK  If its on HTTPS with nocaching, what else should I be aware ofp
Negative 3262 pAfter many months of trying, searching, reviewing code, etc. Im unable to find a solution to properly positioning a new window in QT. In my most basic case I simply want to get the final size of the window and center it under the mouse. It will be shifted to ensure that no part of the window is outside of the screen. I do not wish to have the window appear then move into position, that produces visual jarring, particularly with desktop FX turned on.p  pThe problems Ive encountered, not all of which have proper solutionsp  ol lipframeGeometry is not always populated before the window has been shown before.pli lipframeGeometry is sometimes just completely wrong, in particular on Windows 7.pli lipPrior to display it is not possible to know whether sizeHint or size will be applied, or something else in between. That is, the size policy does not appear predictable.pli ol  pNote that I know how to saverestore geometry of a previously created window. Despite QT defects here as well I have a working solution.p  pAlso note that I cannot use the window manager default placement. For nonMDI apps on a multimonitor setup their placement is terrible often not even being on the same monitor as the mouse.p  pId also like to avoid subclassing all widgets and dialogs just to implement the solution, as it would not be generic. If this is the only possible way then Id be willing to consider it should event filters also not be an option.p  pDoes anybody have good workable solutionsp
Negative 3262 pWe recently had a situation where a production machine went down with a massive thread dump. Its resin webserver, and it gave Full thread dump Java HotSpotTM 64Bit Server VM 14.0b16 mixed mode.p  pThere are a ton of BLOCKED threads, but they are confusing to me. IE, one is likep  precoderesin8576 daemon prio10 tid0x00007f871827b800 nid0x6b5 waiting for monitor entry [0x00007f864a7e6000]    java.lang.Thread.State BLOCKED on object monitor         at java.lang.String.toCharArrayString.java2725         at java.lang.Thread.setNameThread.java1051         at com.caucho.server.port.TcpConnection.runTcpConnection.java605         at com.caucho.util.ThreadPoolItem.runTasksThreadPool.java730         at com.caucho.util.ThreadPoolItem.runThreadPool.java649         at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java619 codepre  pThe code there isp  precodechar result[]  new char[count] codepre  pAnother one is likep  precoderesin8574 daemon prio10 tid0x00007f8718277800 nid0x6b3 waiting for monitor entry [0x00007f864a9e8000]    java.lang.Thread.State BLOCKED on object monitor         at java.lang.String.valueOfString.java2840         at java.lang.Thread.getNameThread.java1061         at com.caucho.server.port.TcpConnection.runTcpConnection.java603         at com.caucho.util.ThreadPoolItem.runTasksThreadPool.java730         at com.caucho.util.ThreadPoolItem.runThreadPool.java649         at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java619 codepre  pWhere the code of String there isp  precodereturn new Stringdata codepre  pThose seem like strange places to be blocked. p  pCould anyone suggest a reason those calls would be blockingp  pThanks, kalp
Negative 3262 pSimply how do I get the users account imagep  pIm using Cocoa on Mac.p
Negative 3262 phow can I set a default VirtualHost in apache Preferably, I want the default host not to be the same as the ip address host. Now I have something like thisp  precodeNameVirtualHost   ltVirtualHost gt ServerAdmin admindomain.com DocumentRoot someOtherDir ServerAlias ip.of.the.server ltVirtualHostgt  ltVirtualHost gt ServerAdmin admindomain.com DocumentRoot someroot ServerAlias domain.com .domain.com ltVirtualHost gt codepre  pIf a domain is forwarded to my server, but isnt in this vhost.conf file, the files from someOtherDir are loaded, as expected. But I want to be able to use a different root for the ipaddress itself and domains which arent added to the vhost.conf file yet. Is this possiblep  pedit corrected my code a bit, so it looks more like the actual vhost.conf filep
Negative 3262 pI have two questions about how to write a recursive descent parserp  pThe first is what when you have a nonterminal that can match one of a few different nonterminals How do you check which way is correctp  pSecond, how do you build an AST Using YACC, I can just write a piece of code to execute for every instance of a nonterminal and it has special variables which refer to the values of the rules. How do you do a similar thing in a recursive descent parserp
Negative 3262 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2034826howtohidetextfieldinhtmlfileuploadHow to hide text field in Html File Uploada  p blockquote    pHiIs it possible to hide the inputfile path keeping just the browse buttonp  pthanksp  pLucap
Negative 3262 pIve seen examples and they seem to be used interchangebly. Is there benefits from using one method over the other Also does performance play a factor between the twop
Negative 3262 pI have a need to import data from an Oracle to MySQL.  I need to update the MySQL data with the data from Oracle.  I have the code setup to obtain the data from both resources but I am having the issue of figuring out the best way to update the information.p  pI have tried DataSet.Merge, but that doesnt actually flag the RowState properly.  I was hoping to usep  precodeds1  GetMySQLData ds2  GetOracleData  ds1.Mergeds2  changesDataSet  myData.GetChangesDataRowState.Modified codepre  pThe RowState is not being altered.  I know for a fact that its modifying the data as I purposely changed something on my test database on MySQL and saw the change after I called the merge.p  pIs there a known way to an algorithm that I can use to test the datasets against one another and insert, update, delete recordsp
Negative 3262 pWhat I want to do is when the user type in the following DomainUserName Passwordp  pI can the validate if the user and password is valid or not, Domain can be LDAPAD or machine, all the sample code I can find are validating against AD, which is not too suitable in my scenario, any help would be appreciate.p  pMany thankp
Negative 3262 pIm using devisecancan for my app and everything is pretty sound  provided a user creates an account and signs in.p  pWhat Id like to do is allow a user to get started without creating an account. And then sign up if they want to actually save their work.p  pHas anybody come across this before Should I be figuring out how to create dummy accounts with devise Or allowing unauthorized users access to creating models in my app via CanCanp  pI could go into detail about how Ive been thinking about approaching this, but it feels like a pretty obvious use case that somebody has come up with a nice solution for.p  pThanks in advance, Mikep
Negative 3262 pIm following the ckeditor example from a hrefhttpckeditor.comblogCKEditorforjQuery relnofollowherea where I add the script p  precodeltscript typetextjavascript srcckeditorckeditor.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srcckeditoradaptersjquery.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  pand call code.ckeditorcode on the appropriate class code.editorcodep  precode textarea.editor .ckeditor codepre  pThis shows me a full editor with every button under the sun. p  pstrongHow can I customize which buttons I want to appearstrongp
Negative 3262 pThis is kind of an odd situation, but Im looking for a way to filter using something like MATCHES but on a list of unknown patterns of unknown length.p  pThat is, if the given input is two files, one with numbers Ap  pxxxxp  pyyyyp  pzzzzp  pzzyyp  p...etc...p  pAnd the other with patterns Bp  pxx.p  pyyy.p  p...etc...p  pHow can I filter the first input, by all of the patterns in the secondp  pIf I knew all the patterns beforehand, I could A  FILTER A BY num MATCHES somepattern. OR num MATCHES someotherpattern....p  pThe problem is that I dont know them beforehand, and since theyre patterns and not simple strings, I cannot just use joinsgroups at least as far as I can tell. Maybe a strange nested FOREACH...thing Any ideas at allp
Negative 3262 pHey Just wondering how do you..p  pIv created some code that automatically creates a certain amount of UITextField input by the user. Each UITextfield has a set tag automatically created.p  pThe user then inputs his value into each of the UITextFields.p  pI want to retrieve the input text from the UITextFields which correspond to the tag.p  pI thought I nearly had it withp  precodeNSString  tmpV  NSString[choiceTextField.text viewWithTagresult] codepre  pwhere result is a increment, choiceTextField is the UITextField. With this I get a problem not defining instance, which I cant do as the UITextFields are generated in code not on the xib.p  pstrongSo to sum up, basically want the retrieve the text from a UITextField with specific tag.strongp  pThanks Danp
Negative 3262 pI want to extend python and numpy by writing some modules in C or C, using BLAS and LAPACK. I also want to be able to distribute the code as standalone CC libraries. I would like this libraries to use both single and double precision float. Some examples of functions I will write are conjugate gradient for solving linear systems or accelerated first order methods. Some functions will need to call a Python function from the CC code.p  pAfter playing a little with the PythonC API and the NumpyC API, I discovered that many people advocate the use of Cython instead see for example a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4320133extendingnumpywithcfunctionthis questiona or a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1942298wrappingaclibraryinpythonccythonorctypesthis onea. I am not an expert about Cython, but it seems that for a hrefhttpwiki.cython.orgtutorialsnumpyUsingtheNumpyCAPIsome casesa, you still need to use the NumpyC API and know how it works. Given the fact that I already have some little knowledge about the PythonC API and none about Cython, I was wondering if it makes sense to keep on using the PythonC API, and if using this API has some advantages over Cython. In the future, I will certainly develop some stuff not involving numerical computing, so this question is not only about numpy. One of the thing I like about the PythonC API is the fact that I learn some stuff about how the Python interpreter is working.p  pThanks.p
Negative 3262 pI have Sphinx Search installed as my search engine and Im trying to add a few extra features to the search using codesetFiltercode and codeSetSelectcode which should allow me to do codeWHEREANDcode clauses. But whenever I try a search, it returns no results instead of results.p  pHere is my sphinx.conf a hrefhttppastebin.comM6Kd71u0 relnofollowhttppastebin.comM6Kd71u0ap  pAnd heres the PHP codep  precoderequiresphinxapi.php  host  localhost port  9312 index  llgenre select1  cartoon label6  children type  4 limit  20 ranker  SPHRANKPROXIMITYBM25 mode  SPHMATCHALL  sphinx  new SphinxClient sphinxgtsetServerhost, port sphinxgtsetConnectTimeout0 sphinxgtsetMatchModemode sphinxgtsetRankingModeranker sphinxgtsetSelect, select1.select1. AND label6.label6. AS mycond sphinxgtsetFiltermycond, array1  res  sphinxgtquerytype, index  dievardumpres codepre  pHow can I search by codetype  4code, filter by codeselect1code with codecartooncode and finally on codelabel6code with codechildrencodep
Negative 3262 pI have some short wav files that I want to join for creating a complex long ringtone. Some of those music files will play at the same time, and others, when those first tracks finish playing.p  pShould I work with openAL Any other possibility May anyone help me with this problemp  pMany thanksp
Negative 3262 pIn my game, I need to find out where the player is touching. MotionEvent.getX and MotionEvent.getY return window coordinates. So I made this function to test converting window coordinates into OpenGL coordinatesp  precodepublic void ConvertCoordinatesGL10 gl          float location[]  new float[4]          final MatrixGrabber mg  new MatrixGrabber From the SpriteText demo in the samples.         mg.getCurrentProjectiongl         mg.getCurrentModelViewgl          int viewport[]  0,0,WinWidth,WinHeight          GLU.gluUnProjectfloat WinWidth2, float WinHeight2, float 0, mg.mModelView, 0, mg.mProjection, 0, viewport, 0, location,0         Log.dLocation,location[1], location[2], location[3]      codepre  pX and y oscillated from almost 33 to almost 33. Z is usually 10. Did I use MatrixGrabber wrong or somethingp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to load an saved image but when I check the UIImage it comes back as nil.  Here is the codep  precodeUIImage img  [UIImage imageWithContentsOfFile[[NSBundle mainBundle] pathForResourcevarmobileApplicationsB74FDA2B5B8C40AC863C4030AA85534BDocuments70.jpg ofTypenil]] codepre  pI then check img to see if it is nil and it is.  Listing the directory shows the file, what am I doing wrongp
Negative 3262 pI have an secure external webservice at URL a hrefhttpsmywebservicepathwsdl relnofollowhttpsmywebservicepathwsdla, and i want to connect to use this. This is a 2way ssl. I create a webservice client in followingp  ol liCreate an java application Application1li liat Project window, click Application1 icon  new  Web service clientli lipaste my URL at WSDL URL, client type is JAXWS, package com.mypackageli lifinishli ol  pBut an error appears Error An IO error occured. Received fatal alert handshakefailurep  pAnd i can not create Web Service References. I use Glassfish 3.0.1 server.p  pI tried to replace the alias s1as in keystore.jks and cacerts.jks of the Glassfish by my keypair and certificate, but it still fails. p  pI also tried to use wsimport parsing wsdl file but failp  pI posted this question in Oracle Forum at a hrefhttpforums.oracle.comforumsthread.jspathreadID2214292amptstart0 relnofollowhttpforums.oracle.comforumsthread.jspathreadID2214292amptstart0a but get no answer. ive tried to solve this for 2 days p  pWhat can i do now to solve this problem Plz help me, thank youp
Negative 3262 pI have a map of codeShopablecodes which has things in it that were initialised like thisp  precodeShopable something  new Consumable codepre  pcodeConsumablecode has a function codeHealcode, but Shopable doesnt. I need the map to stay as a codeShopablecode map for some function parameter, but when I try and dop  precodeconsumables[itemName]gtHealthis codepre  pin another function, it says Class Shopable has no member Heal.p  pHow can I get around thisp
Negative 3262 pI found a my question in SO already, but it was not answered directly. I would like to print a specific Python dictionary keyp  precodemydic   mydic[keyname]  valuename codepre  pNow I can check if codemydic.haskeykeynamecode, but what I would like to do is print the name of the key codekeynamecode. Of course I could use codemydic.itemscode, but I dont want strongallstrong the keys listed, merely one specific key. For instance Id expect something like this in pseudocodep  precodeprint the key name is, mydic[keyname].namethekey, and its value is, mydic[keyname] codepre  pIs there any codenamethekeycode method to print a key namep  hr  pstrongEditstrong OK, thanks a lot guys for your reactions  I realise my question is not well formulated and trivial. I just got confused because i realised keyname and codemydic[keyname]code are two different things and i thought it would incorrect to print the codekeynamecode out of the dictionary context. But indeed i can simply use the keyname to refer to the key p
Negative 3262 pNot sure if this is possible or notp  pI need contents of a file directory from another server in order to make a photogallery on another server.p  pLets say I have a Folder on server1 named folderName1 and the contents in the folder are images, likep  precode20051405thisthat.jpg 20051406thisthat.jpg 20051407thisthat.jpg 20051408thisthat.jpg 20051409thisthat.jpg.... codepre  pIn order to make use this gallery script, I need to get a text file with this information on it.. Some folders I have 1000s of photos in them and it takes to long to write them all down.. p  pWondering if there is a shortcut to GET all contents from a folder and spit them out in a text filep  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI was trying to set a bitmap image to a canvas using    codesetBitMapcode ,at that time I got an IllegalStateException.This canvas have some images on it currently, I am trying to replace it.  Any one have any idea why this happened p  pstrongCode Snippetstrong p  precodeeditBm  Bitmap.createBitmap951, 552, Bitmap.Config.ARGB8888             Canvas mCanvasnew CanvaseditBm         eBitLoadBMPsdcardfilePath gtreturns a bitmap when the file path to the file is provided         Log.iBM size, editBm.getWidth         mCanvas.setBitmapeBit codepre  pI am not getting any NullPointer errors and the method  codeLoadBMPsdcardcode  is working good.p  pPlease let me know about any ideas you have ...p  pThanks in advancep  pHappy Codingp
Negative 3262 phow can i merge the results of two select statments with jqueryp  pfor example i have p  precodevar previous  this.prevtd var next  this.nexttd codepre  phow do i then combine the two sets of results into onep
Negative 3262 pim unable to rename my classes into iphone project in Xcode. Ive tried manually, and also by refactoring, renaming clicking with right button on class name in .h file.p  pIve this error message Unable to move filename to appname.p  pHow can i solve thisp
Negative 3262 pI have a class like thisp  precodepublic class Product  IProduct      static private string defaultName  default     private string name     private float price      Constructor     public Product              price  10.0F          public void ModifyPricefloat modifier              price  price  modifier        codepre  pI want emModifyPriceem to do nothing for a specific value, but I also want to call the constructor that set the price to 10. I tried something like thisp  precodevar fake  new SProduct  CallBase  true  var mole  new MProductfake              ModifyPriceSingle  actual gt                      if actual  20.0f                              MolesContext.ExecuteWithoutMoles gt fake.ModifyPriceactual                            MProduct.Constructor  this gt this  fake codepre  pBut even if emfakeem is wellinitialized with the good constructor, I cant assign it to this. I also try something likep  precodeMProduct.Constructor  this gt  var mole  new MProductthis...  codepre  pBut this time I cannot call my constructor. How am I supposed to dop
Negative 3262 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1138460howdoesfacebooksharerselectimagesHow does Facebook Sharer select Imagesa  p blockquote    pwell everything is in the question. I am talking about a blog or any website that is outside of Facebook for example www.example.comblogpost1p  pFor now, Facebook chooses the picture from the RSS feed, which makes not much sense, well I cant find any reason why it would take this picture instead of another one. The code of this picture is this one img srcxxxxx.comwpcontentthemesxxximageslogoflux. jpgp  pIprefer it would take my logo.jpg representing the website.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pHow do I break an object  a Parcelable to be more specific actually its a bundle but the point is the same  into a byte[] I thought that the way I was doing it was a good solution but apparently I was mistaken.p  pJust for reference here is the old way I was doing it.p  precodepublic static byte[] getBytesObject obj throws java.io.IOException      ByteArrayOutputStream bos    new ByteArrayOutputStream     ObjectOutputStream oos       new ObjectOutputStreambos     oos.writeObjectobj     oos.flush     oos.close     bos.close     byte[] data  bos.toByteArray     return data  codepre  pThanks Aedonp  pEdit 1p  pBreaking an object like this passing a Bundle to it causes a NotSerializableException.p
Negative 3262 pI need to display a list of comments within a view. I have created an editor template for the Viewmodel type of my Comments. I callp  precodeHtml.EditorForx gt x.Comments codepre  pTo loop through and render the indiviudal comments.p  pNow, I also need to add a comment to the list. After adding to the DB i need to use jQuery to append the new comment view to the current list. p  pShould I create another partial view to mirror the EditorTemplate view...Or just call Html.RenderPartial on the new view within the editor template in the first placep  pHope that makes sense..p
Negative 3262 pHow does one add a done button to a UINavigationbar when the user touches a specific textfield or textviewp  pOr would a better way be to detect when the keyboard is showing, and then display the button. p  pI would like the done button to dismiss the keyboard like in standard Notes application.p
Negative 3262 pI am looking for Objective C example of how to retrieve emails for MacOS and iOS. I find examples on sending emailMacs SBSendEmail sample but not retrieving email. If anybody knows... thank you.p
Negative 3262 pSo, Im trying to post the value of an element with an id of AltTitle via AJAX back to a Pyramid backend.  With the code below, Python receives a request.param of AlternativeTitle.  Thats it.  No value.  Im stuck.  I want to learn how to build a dictionary of AJAX data so I can then pass all values back to Python, but so far, I cant get one to work.  Any help appreciated....p  precodedocument.readyfunction     button.clickfunction         .ajax             typePOST,             urledit29241,             data                 AlternativeTitle AltTitle.html             ,             successfunctionresult                 alert result                                  ltp idAltTitle contenteditableTruegtExisting Titleltpgt ltbuttongtSaveltbuttongt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a class called user which can be simplified top  precodeclass User      String[] friends     Constructor etc...  codepre  pIt is stored in a mongo collections called users. I am trying to retrieve the first N elements of the friends array strongwithoutstrong anything else from the class.p  pRight now, I tried using the following java queryp  precodedb.getCollectionusers.findnew BasicDBObject, new BasicDBObjectfriends, new BasicDBObjectslice, N.next codepre  pAs expected, I get a User object with the friends array slice. But it also returns all the other fields in the User class not shown here, which I dont want. p  pAny idea how I can force it to send back only the friends arrayp  pCheersp
Negative 3262 pThis is an Android noob question. p  pI am trying to start an activity of another apk through my own application. Now I know I can launch any other application and invoke its main activity. In many cases Im also able to start subactivities, for example display its settings dialogue.  However with some applications, for example Facebook or Endomondo I would get a FC everytime I try to launch some specific activity of their application. p  pNow I suspect that this is a permission issue and that the Facebook or Endomondo devs just dont want other applications to get access to their activities. But do I have to find out which activities I can use and which ones I cant use by trial and error every single timep  pPlus Is there any way around this dilemma Maybe on a rooted devicep  pCheers for any pointers.p
Negative 3262 pIm drawing a texture mapped quad with a texture that has some transparent pixels on it. So, I load the texture and then draw itp  precode    gl.glEnableGL.GLALPHATEST     gl.glAlphaFuncGL.GLGREATER,0     gl.glBindTextureGL.GLTEXTURE2D, texture     gl.glTexImage2DGL.GLTEXTURE2D, 0, GL.GLRGBA, width, height, 0, GL.GLRGBA, GL.GLUNSIGNEDBYTE, buff     gl.glTexParameteriGL.GLTEXTURE2D, GL.GLTEXTUREMINFILTER, GL.GLLINEAR     gl.glTexParameteriGL.GLTEXTURE2D, GL.GLTEXTUREMAGFILTER, GL.GLLINEAR     gl.glTexEnviGL.GLTEXTUREENV, GL.GLTEXTUREENVMODE, GL.GLREPLACE     gl.glColor4i1,1,1,1     gl.glBeginGL.GLQUADS      draw my quad here     gl.glEnd codepre  pWhen I draw this, the transparent pixels do not show as expected. However, I want to apply a fragment shader. In this case Ill test something simplep  precodevoid main    glFragColor  vec40.0   if  glColor.a gt 0.0        glFragColor  vec41.0,0,0,1.0      codepre  pIn this case, ALL of the pixels should up as red, instead of just the nontransparent ones. Can someone explain how to just color the nontransparent pixels using a shaderp  pthanks, Jeffp
Negative 3262 pIve got two tables, Players and Items.  Players have a list of items.  I want to retrieve the players, and all of their items, using pagination.  I want to paginate based on the players and without regard to how many items there are.p  pSo I do something like thisp  precodeCriteria c  session.createCriteriaPlayers.class.setFetchModeitems, FetchMode.JOIN c.addOrderOrder.ascplayerID c.setFirstResult0 c.setMaxResults25 ListltPlayergt players  c.list codepre  pIs this going to give me the first 25 players, or will it give me the first 25 items grouped by players  Im wondering if this behavior is undefined like it would be for JPA queries, or if perhaps theres a guaranteed answer.p  pRegardless, what are Criteria queries that would give me the first 25 players or the first 25 playeritem combinations ordered by player ID, then item IDp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to mock database operations. I have problem in mocking codeSqlParameterCollectioncode. I tried to create codevirtualcode method that will return codeDbParameterCollectioncode but then i am loosing all the functionality that codeSqlParameterCollectioncode gives like codeAddWithValuecode etc. Is there a way i can mock codeSqlParameterCollectioncode Is there any other approach to unit test DAL I am using Moq. p  pCode goes like thisp  pin DALp  precodeprotected virtual IDbConnection GetConnectionstring connectionString      return new SqlConnectionconnectionString   protected virtual IDbCommand GetCommandIDbConnection cn      return cn.CreateCommand   protected virtual IDbTransaction GetTransactionIDbConnection cn      return cn.BeginTransactionIsolationLevel.Serializable   Public Bool InsertInDatabaseDataTable dt     using IDbConnection cn  GetConnectioncnstr                 cn.Open              using IDbTransaction tran  GetTransactioncn                              IDbCommand cmd  GetCommandcn                 cmd.Transaction  tran                 cmd.Connection  cn                 cmd.CommandType  CommandType.StoredProcedure                  cmd.CommandText  spInsertInDatabase                 SqlParameterCollection cmdParams  cmd.Parameters as SqlParameterCollection                 cmdParams.AddWithValueparam1, dt                 cmd.ExecuteNonQuery                    codepre  pIn Unit test projectp  precode    protected override IDbConnection GetConnectionstring connectionString              return Mock.OfltIDbConnectiongt           protected override IDbCommand GetCommandIDbConnection cn              return Mock.OfltIDbCommandgt           protected override IDbTransaction GetTransactionIDbConnection cn              return Mock.OfltIDbTransactiongt           public void TestInsertInDatabase              base.InsertInDatabasenew DataTable      codepre  pSolutionp  pCreated an extension method to add parameter with value. Thank you Marc Gravell for pointing me to that direction.p  precode    public static IDbDataParameter AddParameterWithValuethis IDbCommand cmd, string paramName, object paramValue               var dbParam  cmd.CreateParameter         if dbParam  null                      dbParam.ParameterName  paramName             dbParam.Value  paramValue                  return dbParam       codepre
Negative 3262 pI have an XSLT that transforms a picture library and turns it into a jQuery galleria control. I can make it work in a standard html page, but I have the need to put it in a Sharepoint 2007 webpart, so the content type is not availablep  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt codepre  pIs there a way I can assign this to the page using XSLT, Javascript or otherwisep  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have a data structure consisting of a set of objects which are arranged into a multiplylinked list which is also isomorphically a valid DAG. It could be viewed as one single multiplylinked list, or as a series of emnem doublylinked lists which may share members. This is the same data structure from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6390205algorithmforquicklyobtainingapartialorderingovermultiplelinkedlists6392625Algorithm for quickly obtaining a partial ordering over multiple linked listsa, for those of you following my questions.p  pI am looking for a general technique, in no specific SQL dialect, for expressing this multiplylinked listDAG in SQL, such that its easy to take a given node and obtainp  ul liThe previous and next links in the DAG, given a topological ordering of the DAGli liThe previous and next links in each doublylinked list to which this node belongsli ul  pUsing the example data from that other questionp  precodefirst   [a, b,    d,    f,    h, i] second  [a, b, c,       f, g,    i] third   [a,          e, f, g, h, i] codepre  pId want to be able to, given node codefcode, obtain code[cde, g]code from the overall DAGs topology and also codefirst [d, h], second [c, g], third [e, g]code from each of the lists orderings.p  pHeres the fun part emnem, the number of doublylinked lists, is not fixed and may grow at any time. Id rather not redo the schema each time that happens.p  pAll of the algorithms Ive come up with so far either a stuff a big pickle into the DB and pull it out in order to calculate orderings, or b require that the lists be explicitly enumerated as recursive relations in the DB.  p  pIll go with an option in b if I cant find something better but Im hoping that theres something magical out there to make this easier.p
Negative 3262 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions119506virtualmembercallinaconstructorVirtual member call in a constructora  p blockquote    pIn C, is it safe to call virtual method from constructor What does the language specification say Please quote from the spec as well. By emsafeem, I mean would it call the implementation of the derived classp  pThis doubt exists in my mind, because in C, it is emnotem safe to call virtual function from constructor.p
Negative 3262 pIm running a Synology NAS Server, and Im trying to use PHP to get the filesize of files.br  Im trying to find a function that will successfully calculate the filesize of files over 4Gb.p  pcodefilesizefilecode only works for files lt2Gbbr  codesprintfu, filesizefilecode only works for files lt4Gbbr p  pI also tried another function that I found on the php manual, but it doesnt work properly.br  It randomly works for certain file sizes but not for others.p  precodefunction fsizefile     filesize will only return the lower 32 bits of    the files size Make it unsigned.   fmod  filesizefile   if fmod lt 0 fmod  2.0  PHPINTMAX  1     find the upper 32 bits   i  0    myfile  fopenfile, r     feof has undefined behaviour for big files.    after we hit the eof with fseek,    fread may not be able to detect the eof,    but it also cant read bytes, so use it as an    indicator.   while strlenfreadmyfile, 1  1      fseekmyfile, PHPINTMAX, SEEKCUR     i       fclosemyfile     i is a multiplier for PHPINTMAX byte blocks.    return to the last multiple of 4, as filesize has modulo of 4 GB lower 32 bits   if i  2  1 i     add the lower 32 bit to our PHPINTMAX multiplier   return floati  PHPINTMAX  1  fmod  codepre  pAny ideasp
Negative 3262 pi am using this a hrefhttpwww.9lessons.info200909commentsystemdatabasewithjquery.htmlcommentform relnofollowexamplea to create a comment system. So far works great.p  pWhat i want to do is to add one more form that will insert comments in the database exactly like in that example just use another codecommentajax.phpcodewitch ill rename to codecommentajax1.phpcode in where ill use a different sql statement.p  pi see the jquery POST code.submit.clickfunction ...code works when a doom element with codeclasssubmitcode is activated. Will it be enough to create another jquery that is called by another classp  pthanks,p
Negative 3262 pI have opened MSVS 2010 command prompt, from where Ive run ipsvars.cmd from Intel Parallel Studio which sets up environment for ICC, from where I calledp  precodeconfigure ltcg debugandrelease  graphicssystem opengl mp platform win32icc nos60 codepre  pAnd got thisp  precodeCreating qmake...  Microsoft R Program Maintenance Utility Version 10.00.30319.01 Copyright C Microsoft Corporation.  All rights reserved.      icl Yuqmakepch.h FIqmakepch.h Fpqmakepch.pch c Fo.  W3 nologo O2    I. Igenerators Igeneratorsunix Igeneratorswin32 Igeneratorsmac      Igeneratorssymbian  IHAlexAlexWorkQt4.7.3include IHAlexAlexWorkQt4.7.3includeQtCore  IHAlexAlexWorkQt4.7.3include IHAlexAlexWork     Qt4.7.3includeQtCore  IHAlexAlexWorkQt4.7.3srccorelibglobal  IHAlexAlexWorkQt4.7.3srccorelibxml  IHAlexAlexWorkQt4.7.3mkspecswin     32icc   IHAlexAlexWorkQt4.7.3toolsshared  DQTNOTEXTCODEC DQTNOUNICODETABLES DQTLITECOMPONENT DQTNODLL DQTNOSTL  DQTNOCOMPRESS DUNICO     DE DHAVEQCONFIGCPP DQTBUILDQMAKE DQTNOTHREAD  DQTNOQOBJECT DQTNOGEOMVARIANT DQTNODATASTREAM DQTNOPCRE DQTBOOTSTRAPPED  DQLIBRARYINFOEP     OCROOT ZcforScope DQMAKEOPENSOURCEEDITION HAlexAlexWorkQt4.7.3srccorelibpluginqsystemlibrary.cpp     qsystemlibrary.cpp     Catastrophic error cannot open precompiled header file qmakepch.pchi      compilation aborted for HAlexAlexWorkQt4.7.3srccorelibpluginqsystemlibrary.cpp code 4     NMAKE  fatal error U1077 CProgram FilesIntelParallel Studio 2011Composerbinia32icl.EXE  return code 0x4     Stop. codepre  pAny ideas whats wrong Thanks for taking a look.p
Negative 3262 precodeapp.get,functionreq,res     res.renderhome  I want the template to be able to access the flash message..   app.getgo,functionreq,res     req.flashinfo, You went GO, and got redirected to home     res.redirect  codepre  pThe user first goes to go.  After that, he will be redirected to  and I want a flash message to show as a javascript alert. p  pHow can I do thatp
Negative 3262 pIve been constantly attempting to adapt a perfect string matching expression for my syntax highlighter, but its time to ask for help.p  precodeltphp      if  empty GET[gamertag]                 requireonce xbox.php          header ContentType imagepng            Content         xbox  new Xbox GET[gamertag]          font  fontshelr65w.ttf           Images         bg  imagecreatefrompng contentgamercard.png          gp  imagecreatefrompng xboxgtLinks[GamerPicture]          st  imagecreatefrompng contentstar.png          re  Array          if  xboxgtCanViewGames                        foreach xboxgtRecentGames as key gt value                  re[]  imagecreatefromjpeg value[Image]                      Save Transparency         imagesavealpha bg, true           imagealphablending bg, false           imagecolorallocatealpha bg, 255, 255, 255, 127          imagealphablending bg, true            Create Colors         white  imagecolorallocate bg, 255, 255, 255          grey  imagecolorallocate bg, 128, 128, 128          black  imagecolorallocate bg, 0, 0, 0          orange  imagecolorallocate bg, 233, 171, 23            Write Information          for i  0 i lt count re  i   Recent Games             imagecopy bg, re[i],  100   40  i  , 44, 0, 0, 32, 32           for r  0 r lt xboxgtReputation r   Reputation             imagecopy bg, st,  196   r  20  , 125, 0, 0, 16, 16           imagecopy bg, gp, 18, 55, 0, 0, 64, 64          imagettftext bg, 14, 0, 40, 30, black, font, xboxgtGamertag          imagettftext bg, 14, 0, 143, 105, black, font, xboxgtGamerscore          imagettftext bg, 6, 0, 7, 161, black, font, xboxgtCurrentActivity          imagepng bg            Destroy Images         imagedestroy bg          imagedestroy gp          imagedestroy st           foreach re as game              imagedestroy game            else               print ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 StrictEN  httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1strict.dtdgt  lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml xmllangengt      ltheadgt          lttitlegtXbox Gamercardlttitlegt          ltscript typetextjavascriptgt              function go                               var gamertag  document.getElementById gamertag .value                 window.location.href   gamertag  .png                         ltscriptgt      ltheadgt      ltbodygt          ltinput typetext idgamertag onkeydownif event.keyCode  13 go gt         ltinput typebutton valueSubmit onclickgo gtltbr gtltbr gt          lta hrefprojectsxboxgamercardttg titleTTG Signature GamercardgtTTG Signature Gamercardltagt      ltbodygt  lthtmlgt         gt codepre  pstrongIm looking for an expression that can successfully match all content between codecode and codecode.strongp  pstrongIt needs to ignore all correctly escaped versions of themselves. So content between codecode will ignore codecode, and content between codecode will ignore codecodestrongp  pstrongIt doesnt matter which one comes first.strongp  pHere are two expressions I have already triedp  precode[].[] .[] codepre
Negative 3262 pIt is possible to use the Value annotation with a Spring PropertyPlaceholderConfigurerp  blockquote precodeltbean idpropertyConfigurer classorg.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertyPlaceholderConfigurer       plocationclasspathapplicationtest.properties gt codepre blockquote  pThe codeltutilproperties idappProperties locationclasspathapplicationtest.properties gtcode works correct with Value but i would like to use 1 way of configuring. Now i have the both of them pointing towards the same property file.p
Negative 3262 pIve got my AdMob code implemented into my XML file like thisp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltTabHost xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid androididandroididtabhost xmlnsadshttpschemas.android.comapklibcom.google.ads androidlayoutwidthfillparent androidlayoutheightfillparentgt ltLinearLayout     androidorientationvertical     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightfillparent     androidpadding5dpgt      ltcom.google.ads.AdView androidididadView                      androidlayoutwidth30dp                      androidlayoutheight30dp                      adsadUnitId                      adsadSizeBANNER                      adsloadAdOnCreatefalsegt      ltTabWidget         androididandroididtabs         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent gt     ltFrameLayout         androididandroididtabcontent         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightfillparent         androidpadding5dp gt ltLinearLayoutgt ltTabHostgt codepre  pIn my onCreate method of my activityp  precode     load ads     AdView adView  AdViewfindViewByIdR.id.adView     AdRequest request  new AdRequest     request.setTestingtrue      adView.setAdListenernew AdListener               public void onReceiveAdAd arg0               TODO Autogenerated method stub                                           public void onPresentScreenAd arg0               TODO Autogenerated method stub                             public void onLeaveApplicationAd arg0               TODO Autogenerated method stub                   public void onFailedToReceiveAdAd arg0, ErrorCode arg1               TODO Autogenerated method stub                   public void onDismissScreenAd arg0               TODO Autogenerated method stub                    adView.loadAdrequest codepre  pI can put a break point in the onReceivedAd listener and always stop in there when I run my app however, nothing displays. My AdMob page shows requests happening as well. Ive tried in and out of test mode see the commented out line above with the same results.p  pAlso, lest anyone ask, my adsadUnitId is set to the codePublisher IDcode found next to my app on the AdMob website.p  pAnyone got suggestions on how to debug this from herep
Negative 3262 pI have a form that submits data to a database in a CodeIgniter app CI v. 2.0.2. We are allowing users to edit records by having them resubmit a record with new values and then doing an update. On submit, the form calls the vote controllers create method. Inside the create method, we check to see if theres already a record based on an entry code and the users ID. If there is, we update otherwise we create a new record. The creation works just fine its only the update Im having an issue with. Heres the code.p  pstrongviewstrongp  precodeltdiv idvoteformgt             ltphp            hidden  arraydotjudgeid gt thisgtsessiongtuserdatadotjudgeid              echo formopenvotecreate                  entrycodedata  array                     name gt entrycode,                     id gt entrycode,                     value gt setvalueentrycode                                   echo formhiddenhidden                  scoreoptions  array1gt1 lowest, 2gt2,3gt3, 4gt4,5gt5 highest                  gt                 ltpgtltlabel forentrycodegtEntry code ltlabelgtltphp echo forminputentrycodedata gtltpgt                 ltpgtltlabel forq1gtQuestion 1 ltlabelgtltphp echo formdropdownq1, scoreoptions,  gtltpgt                 ltpgtltlabel forq2gtQuestion 2 ltlabelgtltphp echo formdropdownq2, scoreoptions,  gtltpgt                 ltpgtltlabel forq3gtQuestion 3 ltlabelgtltphp echo formdropdownq3, scoreoptions,  gtltpgt                 ltpgtltlabel forq4gtQuestion 4 ltlabelgtltphp echo formdropdownq4, scoreoptions,  gtltpgt                 ltpgtltlabel forq5gtQuestion 5 ltlabelgtltphp echo formdropdownq5, scoreoptions,  gtltpgt                  ltpgtltphp echo formsubmitsubmit, Submit vote gtltpgt                              ltphp echo formclose gt             ltphp echo validationerrors gt           ltdivgt codepre  pstrongcontrollerstrongp  precodefunction create                  id  thisgtinputgtpostentrycode                 judgeid  thisgtinputgtpostdotjudgeid          data  array             entrycode gt id,             dotjudgeid gt judgeid,             q1 gt thisgtinputgtpostq1,                         q2 gt thisgtinputgtpostq2,                         q3 gt thisgtinputgtpostq3,                         q4 gt thisgtinputgtpostq4,                         q5 gt thisgtinputgtpostq5,                            first check to see if theres already a record for this judgeentry                 if so, update. Otherwise, insert                 voteid  thisgtvotemodelgtgetEntryByIdid, judgeid                 ifvoteid                          logmessagedebug, vote id exists .voteid                         thisgtvotemodelgtupdateRecorddata, voteid                                   else                          logmessagedebug, vote id does not exist creating new                         thisgtvotemodelgtcreateRecorddata                                                     after submission, go to another page that gives choices  review entries, submit another entry, log out                                  data[msg]  Entry submitted         thisgtmenu       codepre  pstrongmodelstrongp  precodefunction getEntryByIDid, judgeid          determine if record already exists for entryjudge         sql  SELECT voteid from dotvote WHERE entrycode   AND dotjudgeid           query  thisgtdbgtquerysql, arrayid, judgeid          ifquerygtnumrows  1                 row  querygtrow                return rowgtvoteid                   else              return false                      function createRecorddata          thisgtdbgtinsertdotvote, data         return           function updateRecorddata, voteid          logmessagedebug, vote id is passed .voteid         thisgtdbgtwherevoteid, voteid         thisgtupdatedotvote, data      codepre  pI know its making it into the updateRecord method because the logmessage output is in my log file displaying the correct voteid the autoincrement field of the returned record. But what I get in the browser is the followingp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJLb0K.png altenter image description herep  pCan anyone point me in the right direction here I have error display on in my config file, and have gotten SQL errors when they occur, so I dont think this is a SQL error. But I have no idea what could be happening in that tiny little function thats causing this. My next step is to skip the active record update and just use a standard query, but Id like to know whats causing the problem here, even if I can get it to work the other way.p
Negative 3262 pI have extended a class that is part of a large library.p  pI instantiate the extended class.  Later, Id like to unset the extended class and all the related classes that have been instantiated in library.  How do I do this when I only know the extended class that I have instantiated.p
Negative 3262 pI have built an internal application for our companys users.  There is no timeout after user inactivity nor do we want one. Users are complaining that after a certain amount of time like 30 minutes of inactivity, the web app starts acting strange if the start to use it again.  Buttons dont work, combo boxes will not drop down, datepickers are broke.  It seems very clear to me that the Javascript is getting disabled after period of user inactivity.p  pHas anybody come across this behavior and if so, how do I prevent itp  pThe web app is an ASP.NET MVC 3.0 app, using the Telerik MVC Extensions, which includes writing some client side Ajax.  It is running on IIS 6.0 on Windows Server 2003 Standard Edition.p
Negative 3262 pIve been trying to figure out how codeglTexImage2Dcode works and an seeing some odd results from some pretty clearcut code. My code simply draws a rough circle into a 256256 length unsigned array and then sends that data out to become a texture. The texture displayed however is turning out as variations of red and orange no matter what combinations I select inside my image creation loopp  precodeunsigned data  new unsigned[256256] for int y  0 y lt 256 y     for int x  0 x lt 256 x         if x  100x  100  y  156y  156 lt 7575             data[256y  x]  156 ltlt 24  256 ltlt 16  156 ltlt 8  200 ltlt 0         else             data[256y  x]  0   Id expect this to be transparent and the above to be slightly transparent and green, but its red somehow.  glBindTextureGLTEXTURE2D, texid glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREMINFILTER, GLLINEAR glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREMAGFILTER, GLLINEAR glTexImage2DGLTEXTURE2D, 0, GLRGBA8, 256, 256, 0, GLRGBA, GLUNSIGNEDBYTE, GLvoiddata codepre  pOpenGL optionsp  precode    glEnableGLTEXTURE2D glShadeModelGLSMOOTH glClearColor0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.5f glClearDepth1.0f glEnableGLDEPTHTEST glDepthFuncGLLEQUAL glHintGLPERSPECTIVECORRECTIONHINT, GLNICEST glBlendFuncGLSRCALPHA, GLONE glEnableGLBLEND glDisableGLCULLFACE  glGenTextures1, ampleaf[0]     createLeafleaf[0]   createLeafGLuintamp texid is posted entirely above codepre  pThe rest of the code does nothing but display the texture on a single quad in a window. x64 win7p  pEdit I tried Rickards solution exactly and Im still getting a purple circle.p
Negative 3262 pIm testing iAds in XCode 4.p  pEverything works fine, until the first time a codebannerViewdidFailToReceiveAdWithErrorcode is received, which I react to by sliding the banner off the screen.p  precodemove the ad back off the screen if an error occurs  voidbannerViewADBannerView banner didFailToReceiveAdWithErrorNSError error      if self.bannerIsInScreenBounds              [UIView beginAnimationsanimateAdBannerOff contextNULL]          move the banner view off the screen.         banner.frame  CGRectOffsetbanner.frame, 320, 0         [UIView commitAnimations]       codepre  pAfter that, no more codebannerViewDidLoadAdcode messages are sent to the ADBannerViewDelegate. Im logging that method right at the top, its not being called any more.p  pIm not releasing the banner or anything, and the ADBannerViewDelegate class is still there and doing other stuff.p  pWhat could be wrongp  pThanks.p
Negative 3262 pI think this may be more SQL than Django but Django is what Im working in. What I am trying to do is to come up with a object model which can have many properties but is constrained to only 1 property type per object.  p  pSay we have 3 property typesp  ul liiscool li liishappy li liismeanli ul  pSuppose I have an object MyObject which can have  0All of these properties applied to it but only one of each. p  pSo I think this is diagramed as follows please correct me if Im wrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comH2sBy.png altObject MySQL Diagramp  pIn Django I am stuggling with this constraint.  I want it at the db level i.e using codeuniquetogethercode. p  pHere is what I have..p  precodePROPVALUECHOICES  URL, url,                       Boolean, bool,                       String, char,                       Person, person  class PropertyTypemodels.Model     name  models.CharFieldmaxlength32     valuetype  models.CharFieldmaxlength32, choicesPROPVALUECHOICES  class Propertymodels.Model     type  models.ForeignKeyPropertyType     value  models.CharFieldmaxlength32  class MyObjectAmodels.Model     properties  models.ManyToManyFieldProperty, relatednameMyObjectA  class MyObjectBmodels.Model     properties  models.ManyToManyFieldProperty, relatednameMyObjectB codepre  pSo the questionsp  ol liIs the above picture the correct way to document what Im trying to accomplish.li liMy model is not complete  what am I missing and where do I apply the codeunique togethercode constraint on the Object name and property type.li ol  pBTW  This is similar to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5956941manytomanyrelationshipsindjangothis posta but they used a through which Im not sure I needp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have a User Control with a DetailsView that has the property AutoGenerateRows set to true.  My pages asp.net and c code, use a SQLDataSource for its data.  Typically I want all rows to show up in my WebForm, however, occasionally I want to be able to hide specific ones.  Is there any way to do this or do I have to hardcode every row I want and set autogeneraterows to falsep  pHelp is appreciated  Thanks everyonep
Negative 3262 pComplete errorp  precodeWarning 2 Cannot modify header information  headers already sent by output started at ApplicationsXAMPPxamppfileshtdocstrunkdafecakebasics.php355 [COREcakelibscontrollercontroller.php, line 743] codepre  pAs far as I can tell it happens after I try to redirect. I know its caused by a whitespace but I cant find it anywhere, where does this error tend to bep  pEDIT Forgot to mention, this problem only happens on my Mac, my partner working on windows does not have this issue, redirection works appropriately for him. p
Negative 3262 pDoes anybody know the right approach to getting the controls on the form enableddisabled depending on context The problem is, I have about 50 controls on my form and their states should depend on items selected in some lists, checkboxes checked and some data on the DB exists or not.p  pQuite rough example is when you have a multiselect tree view and a button like Compare. This button should only be enabled when the nodes youve selected on the tree view are all of the same kind. Moreover, an additional requirement is, this should be enabled only if you selected 2 nodes. And one more, not every class can be compared, so theres also a limitation to what exactly you should select to make the comparison possible.p  pThe question is not about Control.Enabled  truefalse. The question is about generic approach.p  pThanks.p
Negative 3262 pIm writing an app that involves writing on the screen using ones finger, or eventually a stylus.  I have that part working.  On ACTIONDOWN, starts drawing on ACTIONMOVE, adds line segments on ACTIONUP, finishes line.p  pThe problem is that after ACTIONDOWN, apparently the pointer needs to move more than 10 pixels away from where it started basically a 20x20 box around the starting point in order to begin sending ACTIONMOVE events.  After leaving the box, the move events are all quite accurate.  I figured out the 10 pixel thing by testing it.  Since this is meant to be used for writing or drawing, 10 pixels is a fairly significant loss depending on how small youre trying to write, you can lose the first letter or two.  I havent been able to find anything about it  only a couple posts on a forum or two, like a hrefhttpandroid.modaco.comtopic339694touchinputproblemnotdetectingverysmallmovementspagepid1701028entry1701028httpandroid.modaco.comtopic339694touchinputproblemnotdetectingverysmallmovementspageempidem1701028entry1701028a.  It seems to be present on some devices or systems and not others.  No ideas as to how to get rid of it when you have it, though.p  pIm using a Galaxy Tab 10.1, with Android 3.1.  Ive tried several different things to try to get rid of it Ive tried setting the events coords to something else to see if I could trick it into thinking the cursor was in a different place I tried redispatching the event with the coords changed my handler reacted to the new points, but still didnt respond to movements in the 10pixel radius.  Ive searched through source code for any references to the effect, and found none though I think its from a different version of Android  code for 3.1 isnt released yet, is it  Ive searched for methods of querying the current state of the pointers, so I could just have a timer catch the changes until the pointer crossed the threshold.  Couldnt find any way of getting pointer coords without a corresponding movement event.  Nothing worked.  Does anybody know anything about this, or have any ideas or workarounds  Thank you.p  p Update Drag and drop events show the same threshold.p
Negative 3262 pWhat Ive got here is a JPanel with a rounded border that is set up as suchp  precodepanel.setBordernew LineBorderPanelColor, 5, true codepre  pThe problem is, in each of the corners there are 2 diagonal opaque lines going from the outer corner to the inner corner that is the length of the border. Whatever is behind the border shows through. Is there any way to get rid of these lines and make the entire border one solid color Thanksp  pId attach a picture but I dont have enough rep to do so Pp
Negative 3262 pPHP manual httpphp.netmanualenfunction.mail.php saysp  blockquote   pEach line should be separated with a LF n. Lines should not be   larger than 70 characters.p blockquote  pBut actual RFC 5322 gives totallty different informationp  blockquote   p2.3.  Body    The body of a message is simply lines of USASCII   characters.  The    only two limitations on the body are as followsbr   o  CR and LF MUST only occur together as CRLF they MUST NOT appear         independently in the body.    o  Lines of characters in the body   MUST be limited to 998 characters,         and SHOULD be limited to 78 characters, excluding the CRLF.p blockquote  pSo  RFC says that only rn should be used. I dont understand   how does php mail work in the backgroundp
Negative 3262 pI have a serializable object ArrayList within a Parcelable object.  I am trying to read the serializable object, and I cant figure out how exactly to reconstruct it after readingp  precodepublic class WifiAP implements Parcelable   public String mac public String mac2 public String ssid public boolean dualband public int band   kilohertz public int band2 ArrayListltIntegergt rssis  public Packet beacon  public void writeToParcelParcel out, int flags      out.writeStringmac     out.writeStringmac2     out.writeStringssid      ifdualband         out.writeInt1     else         out.writeInt0      out.writeIntband     out.writeIntband2     out.writeSerializablerssis   private WifiAPParcel in      mac  in.readString     mac2  in.readString     ssid  in.readString      ifin.readInt1         dualbandtrue     else         dualbandfalse      band  in.readInt     band2  in.readInt     rssis  in.readSerializable  help here, this throws an error  codepre  pHow do you properly recreate the ArrayList from Parcel.readSerializablep
Negative 3262 pHello im testing code for avoid memory crashes when loading a lot of bitmaps. And I have a little question, about the following codep  precode    Bitmap bmp     long sizepreload, sizepostload,bmppixels     sizepreload Debug.getNativeHeapAllocatedSize      bmpgetImageBitmapFromUrlhttpwww.google.comintlencomimagessrprlogo2w.png     sizepostloadDebug.getNativeHeapAllocatedSize     bmppixelsbmp.getHeightbmp.getWidth     Log.dbmp test,presizepreloadn              postsizepostloadn              bmppixelsbmppixelsn             ratiosizepostloadsizepreloadbmppixels              codepre  pThe return of that snippet isp  precodepre4260464 post4333112 bmppixels26125 ratio2 codepre  pSo a bitmap takes 2 bytes per pixel. 16 bits per pixel is constant for all bitmaps or it is variable depending of screen density or image quality. If its variable how can I get that ratio from the Bitmap class p  pthanks in advancep  pThats the code for download from a urlp  precodepublic static Bitmap getImageBitmapFromUrlString url     URL aURL     Bitmap result  null     try          aURL  new URLurl         URLConnection conn  aURL.openConnection         conn.connect         InputStream is  conn.getInputStream         result BitmapFactory.decodeStreamis         is.close       catch Exception e          resultnull         e.printStackTrace          return result  codepre
Negative 3262 pIm building a site in ASP.Net, which when it first loads, needs to do a browser check.p  pI do this using document.DocumentMode Please dont tell me about the other methods for this, I know them, and they dont work.  p  pOk.p  pSo I have the following javascript called when my Master page loads.  This goes off and sets a sessions variable on another page.  The issue im having is that sometimes the page gets stuck into an infinite loop.  I can repliate it by first having my site open, and then republishing it to the server.  When I refresh the page, it launches into the infinite loop.. It however also does it randomly, and the only way to fix it is to close the browser and open it again.. p  precodefunction myFunc          var xhr  new XMLHttpRequest         var docmod  document.documentMode         xhr.openGET, setResponseHeader.aspxmode  docmod         xhr.send         var mySesh lt Session[sessResp] gt          if mySesh                         doPostBacklt AJAXUpdPan gt,                codepre  pWhat I am thinking is somehow place a counter that will trigger after say 5 failed postbacks and stop, but my javascript skills arent up to scratch for that.. Can anyone helpp  pemEDITem the javascript is called as follows p  precodeltbody onloadmyFuncgt ltform runatservergt  ltdiv classpagegt codepre  phere is the update panelp  precode            ltaspScriptManager IDScriptManager1                            runatserver gt              ltaspUpdatePanel IDAJAXUpdPan runatservergt                 ltContentTemplategt                 ltp alignrightgt                     You are currently logged in as ltaspLabel IDlblCurrentUser runatserver TextUsergtltaspLabelgtltpgt                 ltContentTemplategt             ltaspUpdatePanelgt codepre  pIt is working.. It just seems that sometimes it doesnt.. Im am beginning to suspect it is an issue with using the session variable.. When I publish the site, does it destroy the session or something to that effect  I think the session might be timing out sometimes, thus causing the random issue.. I have turned up the session timeout to 3600 minutes from 30 minutes.. Will test tomorrow to see if it works.. The publish issue still baffles me though.. p
Negative 3262 pI have followed a tutorial to make a simple launcher view like in facebook app. But nothing is displayed on screen when program runs and it shows only a white screen. I dont know why this is happening plz help.p  pThe tutorial i followed is at [I have followed a tutorial to make a simple launcher view like in facebook app. But nothing is displayed on screen when program runs and it shows only a white screen. I dont know why this is happening plz help.p  pThe tutorial i followed is at a hrefhttpiosguy.com20101019tthree20abriefttlauncherviewtutorial relnofollowhttpiosguy.com20101019tthree20abriefttlauncherviewtutoriala .]1 .p
Negative 3262 pI use the Dojo framework, which I load from an url. p  pHow should I deal with the codedojo was used before it was definedcode errors, and the alikep  pYes, my feeling really get hurt, when running code through JSlint. p
Negative 3262 pIf a random generator function is not supplied to the randomshuffle algorithm in the standard library, will successive runs of the program produce the same random sequence if supplied with the same datap  pFor example, ifp  precodestdrandomshufflefilenames.begin, filenames.end codepre  pis performed on the same list of filenames from a directory in successive runs of the program, is the random sequence produced the same as that in the prior runp
Negative 3262 pI am using stringWithcontentsofurl to download some strings from my web server to the App, but i would like to update the UI to show A loader of some kind. I am downloading a number of strings it can be sometimes as much as 100 so it would be neat for the user to show something so they know the App isnt crashing, because now the UI is stuck, i cant show A UILoader or something like that. Is there an option to do so Or maybe A alternative to stringWithcontentsofurl where this is possiblep  pgreets, Erikp
Negative 3262 pOk i am inches away from finishing this game, but I am getting one error with the codep  precodecshi.addActionListenernew VesselFunction codepre  pit says VesselFunction cant be resolved to a type, but I have no clue why. If i delete the code, it compiles and the program runs but it only lets me place one boat, so I clearly need the code to work so it can call on other methods to place the remaining 4 boats. What should I dop
Negative 3262 pIm trying to replace a special character  in javascript with string.replace but am not having much luck.p  pHeres what Ive tried so farp  precodevar Temp Temp  lstRsns.optionsi.text  Temp  Temp.replaceg, rn Temp  Temp.replaceg, rn Temp  Temp.replaceg, rn Temp  Temp.replaceg, rn Temp  Temp.replaceg, rn Temp  Temp.replaceg, rn codepre  pAny ideas I get the text value from my listbox alright, its just the darned  wont go away.p  pThanks in advance for anyall help.p  pJasonp
Negative 3262 pI have a problem with Grails Session. I was thinking about having a Service Class for my session handling. So I created a class called SessionService under grailsappservicesgrails. p  precodeclass SessionService      static transactional  true     GrailsWebRequest request  RequestContextHolder.currentRequestAttributes     GrailsHttpSession session  request.session      def setTestvarString value          if session  null             session.setAttributesTeststring, value           def getTestvar          if session  null             session.getAttributesTeststring       codepre  pThe Problem is now, that I get a NullpointerException emMethod threw java.lang.NullPointerException exception. Cannot evaluate org.codehaus.groovy.grails.web.servlet.mvc.GrailsHttpSession.ToStringem.p  pUsage of my Service Class e.g. in a Controllerp  precodeclass SampleController       SessionService sessionService      def selectAnything            sessionService.setTestvartestvalue         renderview testview       codepre  pWhat am Im doing wrong here Is it the right way Or do I have to set session  request.session in every methodp  pHope to get help from you. p  pThank you very much in advance.p  pCheers,p  pMarcop
Negative 3262 pUsing an update panel I am attempting to perform an Async postback with a standard html button.p  pI have tried thisp  precodeltaspUpdatePanel runatserver IDMyUpdatePanelgt     ltTriggersgt         ltaspAsyncPostBackTrigger ControlIDbtnMyButton EventNameClick gt     ltTriggersgt     ltContentTemplategt        ltbutton runatserver idbtnMyButtongtASyncPostBackltbuttongt     ltContentTemplategt ltaspUpdatePanelgt codepre  pANDp  precodeltaspUpdatePanel runatserver IDMyUpdatePanelgt     ltTriggersgt     ltTriggersgt     ltContentTemplategt        ltbutton runatserver idbtnMyButtongtASyncPostBackltbuttongt     ltContentTemplategt ltaspUpdatePanelgt   AsyncPostBackTrigger trigger  new AsyncPostBackTrigger trigger.ControlID  MyControl.ID trigger.EventName  Click MyUpdatePanel.Triggers.Addtrigger codepre  pJudging by my scriptmanager codeIsInAsyncPostBackcode value nether of these solutions seem to work. p  pI am not using a standard ASP.NET button because of issues that jQuery has with it and I am aware that I could put a hidden ASP.NET button inside the page and trigger that but am hoping for a better solution.p
Negative 3262 pWe are using Java Stored Procedures on Oracle 10g database. I want to profile the Java Stored Procedures using a Java Profiling tool like JProfiler. How do i do itp
Negative 3262 pI am facing an issue in my application with tiny mce.  All the gem version amp ruby version is OK on my system, but it is giving me error   undefined method usestinymcep  pHere i installed the tinymce gem. COnfigured it correctely, but still there is an issue.p  pPlease help.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIMrhG.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pWhat happens when default.aspx page is requested for the first timep  p.net is pure a pure Object Oriented Framework.p  pdefault is a class which extends Page.p  pWithout instantiating, PreInit,Init,Load cannot be called. So How default class is instantiated Who is responsible for thatp  pI want to know very detailed technical stepsp  pPleasa clarifyp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to get the output of my batch file into a text file. I know by using  I can get the standard output stream text, however in this case the batch file has multiple cmd commands and I dont know how to get outputs for each of this into a text file.p  pAny help is greatly appreciated. p
Negative 3262 pI am facing a weird issue with executing a system command from JAVA code.br Actually i want to get the codeMac OSXcode system information from my JAVA App.br For that im using  p  pcodeRuntime.getRuntime.execsystemprofiler detailLevel fullcodep  pThis is working fine.If i print the output,it is cool. But i want to write this information to a codeplistcode file for future use.For that im using the xml argument of codesystemprofilercode.like,  p  precode String cmd  systemprofiler detailLevel full xml gt System.getProperty user.home sysinfo.plist  Process p  Runtime.getRuntime.execcmd  codepre  pBasically this should create a plist file in the current users home directory.p  pBut this seems to be not writing anything to file.  p  pAm i missing something here p
Negative 3262 pThere is some operator that works like this 52  55  25. I tried using 52 which didnt work. I tried searching for any names of this  operator to no avail. How can I do a calculation like this in PHPp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI really dont know why this isnt working p  precodeltscript srcjsjquery.js typetextjavascript languagejavascriptgtltscriptgt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt  function updateVAL  var f  document.getElementByIdnu var valf.value alertval  it displays the value properly  .postgetDATA.php, id val  I sent the variable with jquery   ltscriptgt codepre  pstronggetDATA.phpstrongp  precodevaluePOST[id] echo value codepre  pand when I access getDATA.php to see if it was sent I get thisp  blockquote   pNotice Undefined index id in CUsersdan...p blockquote  pwhy the variable id isnt set  why is isnt passed to the server p  pAny help would be appreciated  Cheers,p  pdan.p
Negative 3262 pIm getting this error and I have googled and googled and all seem to be an issue with column spelling.  However I am 99 percent sure I have spelled everything correct and have read over and over my code but I cant any reason to be getting the error I do...p  pHeres the sourcep  precodeCREATE OR REPLACE TRIGGER updateqohtrigger     AFTER INSERT ON sales     FOR EACH ROW DECLARE     vqoh products.qohTYPE     vnewqoh products.qohTYPE BEGIN     SELECT qoh INTO vqoh     FROM products     WHERE id  new.productid      vnewqoh  vqoh  new.quantity  ERROR HERE      UPDATE products     SET qoh  vnewqoh     WHERE id  new.productid END  sho err codepre  pAnd that gives a 1212 PLS00049 bad bind variable VNEWQOH p  pI have tried replacing line 12 with the following combinationsp  ul licodevnewqoh  vqoh  new.quantitycodeli licodevnewqoh  vqoh  new.quantitycodeli licodevnewqoh  vqoh  new.quantitycodeli licodevnewqoh  vqoh  new.quantitycodeli licodevnewqoh  vqoh  new.quantitycodeli licodevnewqoh  vqoh  new.quantitycodeli ul  pBut it still gives me the error.  I am so stumped on thisp  pThe products table looks like thisp  precodeCREATE TABLE products      id NUMBER,     name VARCHAR2,     price NUMBER,     qoh NUMBER2   CREATE TABLE sales      id NUMBER10 AUTOINCREMENT,     customerid NUBMER3,     productid NUMBER3,     quantity NUMBER2,     price NUMBER5,2,     saledate DATE,     despatchid NUMBER10  codepre  pSigh this assignment is due in 7 hours lol, and this trigger is driving me nuts.p  pThanks in advance for your help.p
Negative 3262 pI am currently investigating possible options of a migration frameworktool. I like the idea of ruby migrations on which the above frameworks are based.p  pSo I am asking for your experience, opinions and maybe a comparison between them. Are you using them in productionp  hr  pthanks for responses. The goal of this question was to get a feeling about which tools is used most in the developer community but it seems that migrations are not a hot topic here.p  pAnyway, I have decided to go with MigSharp as the codebase seem to be pretty clean and it is quite easy to handle and had build in support for MS SQL CE. Second runner up would have been FluentMigrator where I was not able to produce a working example for compact edition.p  pCheersp
Negative 3262 pRuby wont recognize directories when run from the task scheduler. Ive had similar issues with ruby when running from the windows task scheduler.p  pCan anyone explain why ruby behaves this way when run from the Windows Task Schedulerp  pConsider the following directory on my desktopp  blockquote   pdtestbr   dOnebr   dTwobr   dThreebr   fdirs.rbbr   flog.logbrp blockquote  pd  Directory f  filep  pConsider the following Ruby script.p  precoderequire logger  log  Logger.newCUserscrosson.Z7NETWORKSDesktoptestlog.log, daily log.level  LoggerINFO  Dir.newCUserscrosson.Z7NETWORKSDesktoptest.each do file log.info 7s a dir s  [file, File.directoryfile] end codepre  pBelow is a result of the log when run from the command line.p  precodeI, [20110830T125047.700617 5356]  INFO         . a dir true I, [20110830T125047.700617 5356]  INFO        .. a dir true I, [20110830T125047.700617 5356]  INFO   dirs.rb a dir false I, [20110830T125047.700617 5356]  INFO   log.log a dir false I, [20110830T125047.700617 5356]  INFO       One a dir true I, [20110830T125047.700617 5356]  INFO     Three a dir true I, [20110830T125047.701617 5356]  INFO       Two a dir true codepre  pBelow is a result of the log when run from the task schedulerp  precodeI, [20110830T130307.187316 5972]  INFO         . a dir true I, [20110830T130307.188316 5972]  INFO        .. a dir true I, [20110830T130307.188316 5972]  INFO   dirs.rb a dir false I, [20110830T130307.188316 5972]  INFO   log.log a dir false I, [20110830T130307.188316 5972]  INFO       One a dir false I, [20110830T130307.188316 5972]  INFO     Three a dir false I, [20110830T130307.188316 5972]  INFO       Two a dir false codepre  pNotice that my directories, One, Two and Three are no longer considered directories. What givesp
Negative 3262 pI am running an Apache web server and I have supposed to put 2 SSL cert on a single website. Is this possible how can I do this I read the apache user manual and it says I only can have 1 SSL cert for a single IP and port. p
Negative 3262 pUsing a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4865872googlemapsv3phpmysqlwithcustomeinfoboxGoogle Maps V3 PHPMYSQL with custome infoboxa, Ive put together the code below to try and implement the InfoBox code into one of my maps.p  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 StrictEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1strict.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml langengt     ltheadgt         ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt         lttitlegtMap My Finds  All Locationslttitlegt         ltlink relstylesheet hrefcssalllocationsstyle.css typetextcss mediaall gt         ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpmaps.google.commapsapijssensorfalseamplanguageengtltscriptgt         ltscript typetextjavascriptgt              var customIcons               0              icon httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20red.png,             shadow httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20shadow.png             ,             1              icon httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20green.png,             shadow httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20shadow.png                             function load       var map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmap,               center new google.maps.LatLng54.312195845815246,4.45948481875007,              zoom6,              mapTypeId roadmap                      Change this depending on the name of your PHP file      downloadUrlphpfile.php, functiondata           function createMarkermarkerXML               var locationname  markerXML.getAttributelocationname,              address  markerXML.getAttributeaddress,             totalfinds  markerXML.getAttributetotalfinds,             lat  parseFloatmarkerXML.getAttributeosgb36lat,                             lng  parseFloatmarkerXML.getAttributeosgb36lon,              icon                if totalfinds  0                 icon  customIcons[0]               else if totalfinds gt 1                 icon  customIcons[1]                                     marker  new google.maps.Marker                      map map,                      position new google.maps.LatLnglat, lng,                      icon icon.icon,                      shadow icon.shadow                  ,                   boxText  document.createElementdiv               boxText.style.cssText  border 1px solid black margintop 8px background yellow padding 5px              boxText.innerHTML  locationname  ltpgt  No. of finds   ltbgt  totalfinds  ltbgt  ltpgt              var myOptions                    content boxText,                  disableAutoPan false,                  maxWidth 0,                  pixelOffset new google.maps.Size140, 0,                  zIndex null,                  boxStyle                       background urltipbox.gif norepeat,                      opacity 0.75,                      width 280px                  ,                  closeBoxMargin 10px 2px 2px 2px,                  closeBoxURL httpwww.google.comintlenusmapfilesclose.gif,                  infoBoxClearance new google.maps.Size1, 1,                  isHidden false,                  pane floatPane,                  enableEventPropagation false                             var infoBox  new InfoBoxmyOptions               google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, function                        infoBox.openmap, marker                                               var xml  data.responseXML,              markers  xml.documentElement.getElementsByTagNamemarker,              numMarkers  markers.length           for var i  0 i lt numMarkers i               createMarkermarkers[i]                                ltscriptgt              ltheadgt                 ltbody onLoadloadgt                 ltdiv idmapgtltdivgt             ltbodygt              lthtmlgt codepre  pWhen I try and run this I get the following error object expected line 29 char 5.p  pWhere am I going wrongp  pI also would be grateful if someone could possibly give me some advice on whether there may be any debugging tools that could help me identify these types of error in the furture.p  pstrongUPDATED CODEstrongp  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 StrictEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1strict.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml langengt     ltheadgt         ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt         lttitlegtAll Locationslttitlegt         ltlink relstylesheet hrefcssalllocationsstyle.css typetextcss mediaall gt         ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpmaps.google.commapsapijssensorfalseamplanguageengtltscriptgt         ltscript typetextjavascriptgt              var customIcons               0              icon httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20red.png,             shadow httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20shadow.png             ,             1              icon httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20green.png,             shadow httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20shadow.png                                        function load               var map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmap,               center new google.maps.LatLng54.312195845815246,4.45948481875007,              zoom6,              mapTypeId roadmap                             var infoWindow  new google.maps.InfoWindow               Change this depending on the name of your PHP file              downloadUrlphpfile.php, functiondata               var xml  data.responseXML              var markers  xml.documentElement.getElementsByTagNamemarker             var bounds  new google.maps.LatLngBounds             for var i  0 i lt markers.length i               var locationname  markers[i].getAttributelocationname              var address  markers[i].getAttributeaddress             var totalfinds  markers[i].getAttributetotalfinds             var point  new google.maps.LatLng              parseFloatmarkers[i].getAttributeosgb36lat,              parseFloatmarkers[i].getAttributeosgb36lon             var html  locationname  ltpgt  No. of finds   ltbgt  totalfinds  ltbgt  ltpgt             var icon                if totalfinds  0                 icon  customIcons[0]               else if totalfinds gt 1                 icon  customIcons[1]                                 var marker  new google.maps.Marker                       map map,              position point,             title address,             icon icon.icon,             shadow icon.shadow                           bounds.extendpoint             map.fitBoundsbounds             bindInfoWindowmarker, map, infoWindow, html                                                        function bindInfoWindowmarker, map, infoWindow, html              google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, function              infoWindow.setContenthtml             infoWindow.openmap, marker                                        function downloadUrlurl, callback               var request  window.ActiveXObject               new ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP               new XMLHttpRequest               request.onreadystatechange  function               if request.readyState  4               request.onreadystatechange  doNothing              callbackrequest, request.status                                           request.openGET, url, true              request.sendnull                             function doNothing                ltscriptgt              ltheadgt                 ltbody onLoadloadgt                 ltdiv idmapgtltdivgt             ltbodygt              lthtmlgt codepre  pstrongNEW WORKING CODEstrongp  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 StrictEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1strict.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml langengt     ltheadgt         ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt         lttitlegtAll Locationslttitlegt         ltlink relstylesheet hrefcssalllocationsstyle.css typetextcss mediaall gt         ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpmaps.google.commapsapijssensorfalseamplanguageengtltscriptgt         ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsinfobox.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscript typetextjavascriptgt              var customIcons               0              icon httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20red.png,             shadow httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20shadow.png             ,             1              icon httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20green.png,             shadow httplabs.google.comridefinderimagesmm20shadow.png                                        function load               var map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmap,               center new google.maps.LatLng54.312195845815246,4.45948481875007,              zoom6,              mapTypeId roadmap                              Change this depending on the name of your PHP file              downloadUrlphpfile.php, functiondata               var xml  data.responseXML              var markers  xml.documentElement.getElementsByTagNamemarker             var bounds  new google.maps.LatLngBounds             for var i  0 i lt markers.length i               var locationname  markers[i].getAttributelocationname              var address  markers[i].getAttributeaddress             var totalfinds  markers[i].getAttributetotalfinds             var point  new google.maps.LatLng              parseFloatmarkers[i].getAttributeosgb36lat,              parseFloatmarkers[i].getAttributeosgb36lon             var html  locationname  ltpgt  No. of finds   ltbgt  totalfinds  ltbgt  ltpgt             var icon                if totalfinds  0                 icon  customIcons[0]               else if totalfinds gt 1                 icon  customIcons[1]                                 var marker  new google.maps.Marker                       map map,              position point,             title address,             icon icon.icon,             shadow icon.shadow                            var boxText  document.createElementdiv              boxText.style.cssText  border 1px solid black margintop 8px background yellow padding 5px                     boxText.innerHTML   locationname  ltpgt  No. of finds   ltbgt  totalfinds  ltbgt  ltpgt              var myOptions               content boxText             ,disableAutoPan false             ,maxWidth 0             ,pixelOffset new google.maps.Size140, 0             ,zIndex null             ,boxStyle               background urltipbox.gif norepeat             ,opacity 0.75             ,width 280px                          ,closeBoxMargin 10px 2px 2px 2px             ,closeBoxURL httpwww.google.comintlenusmapfilesclose.gif             ,infoBoxClearance new google.maps.Size1, 1             ,isHidden false             ,pane floatPane             ,enableEventPropagation false                          var infoBox  new InfoBoxmyOptions               infoBox.openmap, marker              bounds.extendpoint             map.fitBoundsbounds                                                        function downloadUrlurl, callback               var request  window.ActiveXObject               new ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP               new XMLHttpRequest               request.onreadystatechange  function               if request.readyState  4               request.onreadystatechange  doNothing              callbackrequest, request.status                                           request.openGET, url, true              request.sendnull                             function doNothing                ltscriptgt              ltheadgt                 ltbody onLoadloadgt                 ltdiv idmapgtltdivgt             ltbodygt              lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have this facebook js api code and it was working till a day back ... and now it has suddenly stopped working ..  im using it for a collage project and its possible my partner may have fiddled with it but i cant seem to find anything wrong with it ...p  pp  pp  precodeltdiv idfbrootgtltdivgt   ltscript srchttpconnect.facebook.netenUSall.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscript typetextjavascript gt      var accesstoken      FB.init          appIdXYZ,          cookietrue,          statustrue,          xfbmltrue              FB.Event.subscribeauth.login, functionresponse                                  loginevent                   function loginevent         FB.apime,functionuser             var request  new XMLHttpRequest             request.onreadystatechangefunction             uid  user.id             ifrequest.readyState4 ampamp request.status200                     middle.loadloginmanager.phpuiduid                                           request.openGET, sessions.phpuiduid, true             request.send                       ifnavigator.appCodeNameMozilla          FB.getLoginStatusfunctionresponse               document.getElementByIdmiddle.innerHTML  ltimg src..imagesloadinground2.gifgt             if response.session                  accesstoken  response.session.accesstoken                    FB.apime, functionuser                       if usernull                      var uid  user.id                     var request  new XMLHttpRequest                     request.openGET, sessions.phpuiduid, true                     request.send                                request.onreadystatechangefunction                         ifrequest.readyState4 ampamp request.status200                                 middle.loadloginmanager.php                                                                                                                                              else                     document.getElementByIdmiddle.innerHTML  ltfbloginbutton permsemail,usercheckins,offlineaccess,publishstreamgtLogin with Facebookltfbloginbuttongt                     FB.XFBML.parsedocument.getElementByIdmiddle                                                             ltscriptgt codepre  pit doesnt seem to be entering the getLoginStatus functionp
Negative 3262 pI want to script a daily report of all EC2 usage and send the summary to my stakeholders. Are there systems already in place to do this or has someone already built a script for thisp
Negative 3262 pHow can I know what fieldscolumns are updated after an object is saved by jpahibernate. I know there is a interceptor to do this, but cannot find what it is. need some pointers.p
Negative 3262 pI am a fan of ORM  Object Relational Mapping and I have been using it with Rails for the past year and a half. Prior that, I use to write raw queries using JDBC and make Database do the heavy lifting via Stored Procedures. With ORM, I was initially happy to do stuff like codecoach.managercode and codemanager.coachescode which were very simple and easy to read.p  pBut as time went by there were innumerous associations creeping up and I ended up doing codea.b.c.dcode which were firing queries in all directions, behind the scenes. With rails and ruby, the garbage collector went nuts and took insane time to load a very complex page which involves relatively lesser data. I had to replace this ORM style code by a simple Stored procedure and the result I saw was enormous. A page that took 50 seconds to load now takes only 2 seconds.p  pWith this huge difference, should I continue using ORM It is very clear it has severe overheads compared to a raw query.p  pIn general, what are the general pitfalls of using an ORM framework like Hibernate, ActiveRecordp
Negative 3262 pI want to create a generic query builder to entityframework. To the following method codeObjectContext.ExecuteStoreQueryltTElementgt Method String, Object[]code I am trying to pass generic types. That is  p  precodeBindingSource mybindingSource  new BindingSource  mybindingSource.DataSource       con.ExecuteStoreQueryltSomeMethodMyTypeNamegt         myperfectWorkingSql,          myperfectWorkingSqlsParams      codepre  pHow can I get TElement from string MyTypeName How should be my SomeMethod function Or which methods should I use p  por the following code also gives error Here am I wrong  p  precode function fooo  Type t    BindingSource mybindingSource  new BindingSource  mybindingSource.DataSource       con.ExecuteStoreQuerylttgt         myperfectWorkingSql,          myperfectWorkingSqlsParams         ERROR this gives type t or namespace t can not be found  codepre
Negative 3262 pI am playing around with a new web service and thought at the same time that I was writing some proof of concept code I would practice writing them as unit tests. So I wrote a test class that authenticates and then looks at the result a session object to see if the authentication was successful. That test is its own class and there are a couple other authentication methods that it tests. That works just fine. But now if I want to actually use that session object later in other test classes what is the best practice way of doing this. p  pI guess I could make the session object a singleton on the authentication test class. Then pull it from there. I could reauthenticate each time. Even with both of those I want to be sure the authentication test has run each time. I did fine the AfterClass annotation in the testng docs but that does not apply to classes. I think its to be used only one methods to make them run after the rest of the tests in the class have run. I cant think of a good way to do this that does not feel like a little hack. What approach would the more experienced testng users suggestp  ul liThanksli ul
Negative 3262 pI am having a simple ViewModel which have something like this...p  h1ViewModelh1  precodepublic class UserPostCommentViewModel               public virtual ListltCommentgt Comment  get set           public virtual User User  get set           public virtual Post Post  get set       codepre  pso that i can return a view which has 1 Post with the details 1 User details and Many Comments submitted by users....p  h1POSTh1  precode [Key]         [ScaffoldColumntrue]         public int PostID  get set           [RequiredErrorMessageRequired]         [StringLength250]         public string Title  get set           [RequiredErrorMessageRequired]         [DataTypeDataType.MultilineText]         public string Body  get set           [DataTypeDataType.Date]         public DateTime DateCreated  get set           [DataTypeDataType.Date]         public DateTime DateModified  get set           [ScaffoldColumnfalse]         public int UserID  get set           [ScaffoldColumnfalse]         public int TagID  get set           public virtual ICollectionltCommentgt Comments  get set           public virtual User Users  get set           public virtual ICollectionltTaggt Tags  get set  codepre  h1Commenth1  precode[Key]         [ScaffoldColumntrue]         public int CommentID  get set           [DisplayNameYour Comment]         [DataTypeDataType.MultilineText]         public string Body  get set           [DataTypeDataType.Date]         [ScaffoldColumntrue]         public DateTime DateCreated  get set           [ScaffoldColumntrue]         public int PostID  get set           [ScaffoldColumntrue]         public int UserID  get set           public User User  get set           public Post Posts  get set  codepre  h1USerh1  precode[ScaffoldColumntrue]         [Key]         public int UserID  get set           [StringLength15]         [DisplayNameFirst Name]         [RequiredErrorMessageFirst Name is Required]         public string FirstName  get set           [StringLength15]         [DisplayNameLast Name]         [RequiredErrorMessage  Last Name is Required]         public string LastName  get set           [DataTypeDataType.EmailAddress,ErrorMessageplease enter valid email]         [DisplayNameEmail Address]         [RequiredErrorMessage  Email is Required]         [RemoteCheckUniqueEmail,User,ErrorMessageAn account with this email address already exists.]         public string Email  get set           [DataTypeDataType.Password]         [RequiredErrorMessage  Password is Required]         public string Password  get set           [DataTypeDataType.Date]         [ScaffoldColumntrue]         public DateTime JoiningDate  get set           [DataTypeDataType.Date]         [ScaffoldColumntrue]         public DateTime LastActivityDate  get set           public virtual ICollectionltPostgt Posts  get set           public virtual ICollectionltCommentgt Comments  get set           public virtual ICollectionltTaggt Tags  get set  codepre  pi have a StronglyTyped View with the ViewModel so that i can return all the three model properties in one view...p  pBUT  i want to show the userName instead of userID in front of the each comment for that particular post. so i am using ICollection comments in the viewmodel so that i can return collection of the comments. and when i try to access the  userName property like this Model.Comments.User.LastName  OR Email  OR FirstName .. i am getting the compilation error. and i cant use like this because its a collection type ...p  phow can i retrieve the userName from the comments entity using the userID which is available in comments..p  pplease help...p  pGot it all working by adding in the partial view..p  h1Comments Partial View..h1  pin my partial view i have added like this...p  pp  precode     ContextRepository db  new ContextRepository     var userID  Model.UserID     var userName  db.EUser.FinduserID.FirstName      codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a class called codeAddresscode which has a boolean field called codeclonecode.  I am trying to use the Grails codelistcode method to show instance of the codeAddresscode class where codeclone  falsecode.  I though I could use the codefetchcode parameter to accomplish this, but it is not working as expected.  Instead of returning only the addresses I want it returns all instances of the codeAddresscode class.  Here is what I havep  precodedef list       params.max  Math.minparams.max  params.intmax  10, 100     params.fetch  [clonefalse]     [addressInstanceList Address.listparams, addressInstanceTotal Address.count]  codepre  pEven when I make it really simple fetch still does not work as expected.  For example if I specify that I just want to fetch instances of the codeAddresscode class with the zip code 90210 I wrote this, but it still gives me all instances of the codeAddresscode class.p  precodeAddress.listfetch[zip90210] codepre  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 3262 pI would like to check if my app is installed on a profile or on a page, because I like to it to behave differently on each type. Is there an api for thisp
Negative 3262 phow do I test logging into a rails 3.1 app with http basic auth using rspec2 amp capybarap  pIm using thisp  precode describe GET index do       it should be successful do         request.env[HTTPAUTHORIZATION]  Basic   Base64encode64usernamepassword         get index         response.should besuccess       end     end codepre  pbut it gives me this errorp  precode NoMethodError             undefined method env for nilNilClass codepre
Negative 3262 pI have to map containersp  precodemapltstring, char gt mOServs  mapltLPWCH, intgt mymap codepre  pI do a sqlite3 query and try to update these two maps with the resultsp  precodesprintfsquery,1024,SELECT oservname FROM OServs rc  sqlite3gettabledb, query, ampresults, ampnrow, ampncol, ampzErrMsg     cout ltlt query  ltlt query ltlt endl     if rc  SQLITEOK          fprintfstderr, Error Selecting oserv name sn, zErrMsg         sqlite3freetableresults         sqlite3closedb         return 1       int X  0 WCHAR somevar[1024]  whileX lt nrow      mbstowcssomevar, results[X1], 1024      wcstombsoutput, somevar, 1024     mOServs[output]  offline     mymap[somevar]  X     X   codepre  pSomehow mOServs seems to populate properly, but with mymap, it only contains the last record of the query at the end of the loop. Am I doing something wrong p  pI am  trying to store all the query results in a map, and so that, I can do a mymap.findLPWCH, to find if a record is in the table or not.p
Negative 3262 pIs there a solution to create a dummy element with its properties, methods and event handlers and extend an existing element with it  For example p  precodevar dummyElement  ltdiv gt,     properties   ...    methods   ...    event handlers   ...  codepre  pand then,p  precode.extend myElement, dummyElement  codepre  pNow, myElement has the dummyElements properties, methods and event handlers, in addition to its own.p  pIs it possible How could I do that with JQuery p  pThank youp
Negative 3262 pIm new to Motif programming and I want to use UTF8 encoding.p  pIve tried codeXtSetLanguageProc NULL, NULL, NULLcode but when I read a file in Motif editor textlike in 6A volume motif programming, Ive got problems with accented characters. p  pI had to use codesetlocalecodep  pthanksp
Negative 3262 pI tried to overlay an option in the Tools menu of the Firefox menu bar but is not working. Below is the codep  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltxmlstylesheet hrefchromelinktargetfinderskinskin.css typetextcssgt  ltDOCTYPE linktargetfinder SYSTEM chromelinktargetfinderlocaletranslations.dtdgt ltoverlay idsample xmlnshttpwww.mozilla.orgkeymastergatekeeperthere.is.only.xulgt     ltscript srclinkTargetFinder.js gt      ltmenupopup idmenuToolsPopupgt          ltmenuitem labelamprunlinktargetfinder keylinktargetfinderrunkey oncommandlinkTargetFinder.rungt      ltmenupopupgt      ltkeysetgt         ltkey idlinktargetfinderrunkey modifiersaccel alt shift keyL oncommandlinkTargetFinder.rungt     ltkeysetgt      ltstatusbar idstatusbargt         ltstatusbarpanel idlinktargetfinderstatusbaricon classstatusbarpaneliconic srcchromelinktargetfinderskinstatusbar.png tooltiptextamprunlinktargetfinder onclicklinkTargetFinder.run gt     ltstatusbargt      lttoolbarpalette idBrowserToolbarPalettegt         lttoolbarbutton idlinktargetfindertoolbarbutton labelLink Target Finder tooltiptextamprunlinktargetfinder oncommandlinkTargetFinder.rungt     lttoolbarpalettegt ltoverlaygt codepre  pBut it is not appearing.Blow is my chrome.manifest file.Please help.p  precodecontent     linktargetfinder    chromecontent content     linktargetfinder    chromecontent contentaccessibleyes overlay chromebrowsercontentbrowser.xul chromelinktargetfindercontentbrowser.xul  locale  linktargetfinder    enUS   localeenUS  skin    linktargetfinder    classic1.0 skin style   chromeglobalcontentcustomizeToolbar.xul    chromelinktargetfinderskinskin.css codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a codeccLayercode where Im trying to make it rain. On init i schedule the followingp  precode        [self scheduleselectorthrowRain interval0.1f] codepre  pAnd here is the rest of the codep  precodevoid throwRain      CCSprite gota     for int i  1 i lt 6 i         gota  [CCSprite spriteWithFile4gota.png]         gota.position  ccparc4random  768, 1060         gota.scale  arc4random   25  50.0f  100.0f         gota.rotation  35          [self addChildgota zarc4random  5  7]          [gota runAction[CCSequence actions[CCEaseRateAction actionWithAction[CCMoveTo actionWithDuration3.0f  arc4random  200  100.0f positionccpgota.position.x, 0] rate3]  , [CCCallFunc actionWithTargetself selectorselectorspriteDone], nil]]        void spriteDoneidsender      [self removeChildsender cleanupYES]     codepre  pHowever, the drops gets to the bottom and just stays there, and never gets removed. Any idea Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pIs it possible to view the viewcontroller behind the displayed one I have a viewcontroller with a scrollview, which has imageviews added as subviews and would like the view that presented this viewcontroller to be visible behind the presented view controller.p  pI have set all the views, the viewcontroller view too to have a clear color background, but still there is a black background. when I dismiss the viewcontroller, I see 2 layers being dismissed. one has alpha dropped, the other not.p  pIs there an easy way to make this effect possiblep
Negative 3262 pIm trying to bind a DocumentViewer to a document via the ViewModel and am not succeeding at all.p  pHere is my view model code...p  precode    private DocumentViewer documentViewer1  new DocumentViewer      public DocumentViewerVM              string fileName  System.IO.Path.CombineSystem.IO.Path.GetTempPath, Here an xps document.xps         XpsDocument document  new XpsDocumentfileName, FileAccess.Read                     documentViewer1.Document  document.GetFixedDocumentSequence                     document.Close            public DocumentViewer DocumentViewer1              get          return documentViewer1          set                      documentViewer1  value             OnPropertyChangedDocumentViewer1                codepre  phere is the xaml in the view...p  precodeltUserControl xClassDemoApp.View.DocumentViewerView xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml gt     ltGridgt         ltDocumentViewer NameDocumentViewer1 DocumentBinding PathDocumentViewer1, UpdateSourceTriggerPropertyChanged gtltDocumentViewergt      ltGridgt ltUserControlgt codepre  pthe code behind for the view contains no code other than InitializeComponentp  pWhat I do find strange is that if I place the document generation code from the view model constructor into the view constructor the document is displayed correctly, this leads me to think it is a binding issue, but where or how I know not.p
Negative 3262 pI want to call the getData method after waiting 2 seconds each time this loop...loops.  Ive written out the NSTimer a number of times inside and outside the loop but cant get the correct usage for it to do what I want.p  precodefor TwitterPerson person in [tempDict allValues]           [self getDataFromTwitterUserAPIandArchiveForperson.handle]       codepre
Negative 3262 pToday Ive run across a rather strange error. Essentially what is happening is inside the function codefoocode the first parameter is being set to the pointer value of the pointer codecrosssegmentscode. So say codecrosssegmentscode is location at 0x0045 then codeiMeaninglessdatacode will be set at 0x0045. If I take out codeiMeaninglessDatacode and simply have codeo1code as the first parameter than codeo1code will be equal to 0x0045. If I pause the debugger before the function is called codeiMeaninglesscode data and codecrosssegmentscode have different pointer addresses.p  precodevoid Fooint iMeaninglessData, handle o1, handle o2, handle o3, int iHeight, int iProfileHeight, handle o4, stdvectorltobjectgt  crossSegments, int iProfileArray      ...code  codepre  pHere is how I am calling the functionp  precodestdvectorltFormSummarygt  crossSegmentsTop  new stdvectorltFormSummarygt int iZero  0 FooampiZero, o1, o2, o3, 10, 50, o4, crossSegmentsTop, iProfileArray codepre  pIm very confused as to how this could be happening. Do you think something could be happening to the stackp  pThank you,p  ul liAlikarli ul
Negative 3262 pWhat rule would I use for nginx so my default file extension is .phpp  pI currently access a pages using  www.mywebsite.comstronghome.phpstrong but I want to just use www.mywebsite.comstronghomestrongp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI wanted to grand a codeCREATE DATABASEcode permission inside my SQL Azure Server to a specific user. I went to windows.azure.com, logged in, selected Database on the left pane, logged into the master database under the database admin account, selected New Query  a window with codemaster QueryUntitled1.sqlcode header appeared.p  pI typedp  blockquote   pGRANT CREATE DATABASE TO THATUSERLOGINp blockquote  pand pressed execute and the query result isp  blockquote   pCREATE DATABASE permission can only be granted in the master database.p blockquote  pWhat am I doing wrong How do I do that rightp
Negative 3262 pOk I will run down what im trying to achieve and how I tryed to achieve it then I will explain why I tryed this method.p  pI have data from the KDD cup 1999 in its original format the data has 494k of rows with 42 columns. p  pMy goal is trying to cluster this data unsupervised. From a previous question herep  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7715891clusteringandmatlabclustering and matlabap  pI recieved this feedbackp  blockquote   pFor starters, you need to normalize the attributes to be of the same   scale when computing the euclidean distance as part of step 3 in your   method, the features with values such as 239 and 486 will dominate   over the other features with small values as 0.05, thus disrupting the   result.p      pAnother point to remember is that too many attributes can be a bad   thing curse of dimensionality. Thus you should look into feature   selection or dimensionality reduction techniques.p blockquote  pSo the first thing I went about doing was addressing the feature selection which is related to this article a hrefhttpnarensportal.compapersdataminingclassificationalgorithm.aspxsec21 relnofollowhttpnarensportal.compapersdataminingclassificationalgorithm.aspxsec21ap  pand looks like this after selecting the necessary featuresp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGoc3V.jpg altenter image description herep  pSo for the clustering I removed the discrete values which left me with 3 columns with numeric data, I then went about removing the duplicate rows see a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7781749junkindexanduniqueonamatrixhowtokeepmatrixformatjunk, index and unique on a matrix how to keep matrix formata in the file which reduced the 3 columns from 494k to 67k which was done like sop  precode[M,ind]  uniquedata, rows, first [,ind]  sortind M  Mind, codepre  pI then used the random permutation to reduce the file size from 67k to 1000 like sop  precodem  1000 n  3   pick random rows indX  randperm sizeM,1  indX  indX1m   pick random columns indY  randperm sizeM,2  indY  indY1n   filter data data  MindX,indY codepre  pSo now I have a file with 3 of my features which I selected I have removed duplicate records and used the random permutation to further reduce the dataset my last goal was to normalize this data and I did this withp  precodenormalizeddata  datanormdata codepre  pI then used the following Kmeans scriptp  precode generate clusters K  4   cluster opts  statsetMaxIter, 500, Display, iter [clustIDX, clusters, interClustSum, Dist]  kmeansdata, K, options,opts, ... distance,sqEuclidean, EmptyAction,singleton, replicates,3   plot dataclusters figure, hold on scatter3data,1,data,2,data,3, 50, clustIDX, filled scatter3clusters,1,clusters,2,clusters,3, 200, 1K, filled hold off, xlabelx, ylabely, zlabelz  plot clusters quality figure [silh,h]  silhouettedata, clustIDX avrgScore  meansilh   Assign data to clusters  calculate distance squared of all instances to each cluster centroid D  zerosnumObservarations, K      init distances for k1K d  sumxy.2.0.5 D,k  sum data  repmatclustersk,,numObservarations,1.2, 2 end   find  for all instances the cluster closet to it [minDists, clusterIndices]  minD, [], 2  compare it with what you expect it to be sumclusterIndices  clustIDX codepre  pBut my results are still coming out like my original question I asked here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7715891clusteringandmatlabclustering and matlabap  pHere is what the data looks like when plottedp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQYDci.jpg altenter image description herep  pandp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comK1ROT.jpg altenter image description herep  pCan anyone help solve this problem, are the methods im using not the correct methods or is there something im missingp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to mount a windows device via ist device path to an ntfsfolder. The device path is in the formp  precodeGLOBALROOTDeviceImDisk0 codepre  pi would like to mount it in an empty ntfsfolder, lets sayp  precodectemp codepre  pThe device I try to mount is an ImDisk ram drive, which comes with an api. Essentially the api mounts the device viap  precodehDir  CreateFileDirectory, GENERICREAD  GENERICWRITE,         FILESHAREREAD, NULL, OPENEXISTING,         FILEFLAGBACKUPSEMANTICS          FILEFLAGOPENREPARSEPOINT, NULL codepre  pand then does ap  precodeDeviceIoControlhDir, FSCTLSETREPARSEPOINT, ampReparseData,            16  iSize  2  iSize  2, NULL, 0, ampdw, NULL codepre  pfrom all I can see in the msdn this is done correctly. The only problem is It doesnt work. Whatever device notation I use the created junction cant be opened by the explorer. The junction is created and recognized by the explorer by when I try to open it, explorer tells me that the target syntax is invalid.p  pSo far I have tried to mount the device by addressing it likep  precodeGLOBALROOTDeviceImDisk0  .GLOBALROOTDeviceImDisk0  .DeviceImDisk0  DeviceImDisk0 codepre  pNone of this seems to work. I am positive that the RamDrive exists and is correctly formated. I am able to access it via a Driveletter if I assign one during its creation f.e. Ep  pAnd I can access it viap  precodeCreateFileGLOBALROOTDeviceImDisk0file.txt codepre  pI can create a FileStream, execute code from it etc.p  pAny clues how to mount it in a ntfsfolder Any help is appreciatedp  pThanks in advancep  pCorelgottp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to pass an object in which i have added parsed values to a new activity using the intent.puExtra function. Stepping through the debugger it seems that it adds the object no problem, however when startActivty is called I get a runtime error stating that Parcel unable to marshal value p  pI am using the following codep  precode             JSONObject object             try                               HttpClient client  new DefaultHttpClient                 String getURL  httpwww.ondamove.itEnglishmoblastloc.phpemailLogin.eMailId                 HttpGet get  new HttpGetgetURL                 HttpResponse responseGet  client.executeget                   HttpEntity resEntityGet  responseGet.getEntity                  if resEntityGet  null                                         String  responseinfo  EntityUtils.toStringresEntityGet                      JSONObject myAwway  new JSONObjectresponseinfo                     ArrayListltmyObjectgt listObject  new ArrayListltmyObjectgt                     myObject obj  null                     JSONArray myAwway  new JSONArrayresponseinfo                     forint i  0 i lt 5 i                         object  myAwway.getJSONObjecti                         obj  new myObject                         obj.setSnoobject.getStringsno                        obj.setDiscriptionobject.getStringdescription                         obj.setTimeobject.getStringtime                           listObject.addobj                            System.out.printlnResponse      object                         System.out.printlnobject.getIntplace                         System.out.printlnobject.getStringdescription                         System.out.printlnobject.getStringtime                                             Intent intent  new IntentgetApplicationContext, ProfilePageNormalUser.class                     intent.putExtralistobject, listObject                     System.out.printlnlistobjectlistObject                     startActivityintent                     System.out.printlnstarting activity                   codepre  pCan anyone tall me how to resolve his problem and also how to get the value of intent in another activityp
Negative 3262 pHie all,p  pI indeed underline to points. I have been trying jboss 7  jboss tools 3.3.p  ul lipWhen I tried to deploy an ejb project on jboss6. Nothing happend. I thus added an ejbjar.xml file to my project and deployment occured. Strange, as the deployment descriptor is supposed to be optional since ejb3.0 and is optional with helios jbosstools 3.2.pli lipMore problematic and unsolved until now, when I create a project and try to deploy on jboss 7, the project name, for instance, testejb is deployed as testejbnull even with the ejbjar.xml file set  javaglobaltestejbnullTestBeantest.ejb.TestBeanLocalbr javaapptestejbnullTestBeantest.ejb.TestBeanLocalbr javamoduleTestBeantest.ejb.TestBeanLocalbr javaglobaltestejbnullTestBeanbr javaapptestejbnullTestBeanbr javamoduleTestBeanpli ul  pWell, weird, but when I try to lookup from my Servlet by the mean of a good old InitialContext  lookup, I got br 101407,681 ERROR [stderr] http127.0.0.180802 javax.naming.NameNotFoundException Name TestBeantest.ejb.TestBeanLocal not found in context p  p..Whatever the name I look up for i.e. TestBean, TestBean...., javaapp....p  pI work on ubuntu, one of my colleagues tried on windows 7 and had the same result.p  pIs this a classical problem How may we solve itp  pFor the moment I decided to keep Jboss6  helios.p
Negative 3262 pIn my appp  ul lipI have a view UIView myView wihth clipsToBound  YESpli lipI have a button to do changing the origin of bounds property pli ul  blockquote precodeCGRect newRect  myView.bounds newRect.origin.x  100 myView.bounds  newRect myView.layer.frame  newRect codepre blockquote  ul liThen I get the image from the viewli ul  blockquote precodeUIGraphicsBeginImageContextmyView.bounds.size [myView.layer renderInContextUIGraphicsGetCurrentContext] UIImage viewImageafter  UIGraphicsGetImageFromCurrentImageContext UIGraphicsEndImageContext UIImageWriteToSavedPhotosAlbumviewImageafter, nil, nil, nil codepre blockquote  pIt produces the image I dont expected. I want a image as I see in the iPhones screen.p  pLink for the code here a hrefhttpwww.mediafire.comufr1q8lbd434wu1 relnofollowhttpwww.mediafire.comufr1q8lbd434wu1ap  pPlease help mep
Negative 3262 pWeve been having a tricky problem with store kit. We are trying to implement correctly the inapp purchase renewable subscriptions process into an app that already is on the appStore with standard inapp purchase nonconsumable products set up.p  pSo far, and after spending 2 months fighting with the sandbox weird behavior, we came up with a working solution on a test iPad running iOS4.2.p  pNasty surprise we got when testing this code on a iPad with 4.3 or 5.0, it does not have the same behavior.p  pWe narrowed it down to this simple fact  iOS4.2  the updatedTransactions callback is working properly  iOS4.3 and above the updatedTransactions callback is never called by the sandbox.p  pAny ideas on why a store kit code that works on iOS4.2 wouldnt work on following iOS versions I didnt see anything deprecated on this.p  pHere is the code of our updatedTransactions codep  precode voidpaymentQueueSKPaymentQueue queue updatedTransactionsNSArray transactions      NSLogAdd payment queue     forSKPaymentTransaction transaction in transactions           NSLogTransaction state d, d, d, d, transaction.transactionState, SKPaymentTransactionStatePurchased, SKPaymentTransactionStateFailed, SKPaymentTransactionStateRestored         switch transaction.transactionState              case SKPaymentTransactionStatePurchased                  if[transaction.payment.productIdentifier isEqualToStringFMPRODUCTIDENTIFIERSUBSCRIPTION]                     NSUserDefaults userDefaults  [NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults]                     [userDefaults setObjecttransaction.transactionReceipt forKeyTransactionReceiptOfTransaction]                                   [self completeTransactiontransaction]                 [[SKPaymentQueue defaultQueue] finishTransaction transaction]                   break              case SKPaymentTransactionStateFailed                 NSLog, transaction.error                  [self failedTransactiontransaction]                 UIAlertView alert  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitleNSLocalizedStringError,                                                                   messageNSLocalizedStringYour subscription has expired.,                                                                 delegateself                                                        cancelButtonTitleOK                                                        otherButtonTitles nil]                 [alert show]                 SAFERELEASEalert                  [[SKPaymentQueue defaultQueue] finishTransaction transaction]                  if[transaction.error code]  SKErrorPaymentCancelled                      if[transaction.payment.productIdentifier isEqualToStringFMPRODUCTIDENTIFIERSUBSCRIPTION]                         NSUserDefaults userDefaults  [NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults]                         [userDefaults setObjecttransaction.transactionReceipt forKeyTransactionReceiptOfTransaction]                                                       break              case SKPaymentTransactionStateRestored                  if[transaction.payment.productIdentifier isEqualToStringFMPRODUCTIDENTIFIERSUBSCRIPTION]                     NSUserDefaults userDefaults  [NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults]                     [userDefaults setObjecttransaction.transactionReceipt forKeyTransactionReceiptOfTransaction]                                   [self restoreTransactiontransaction]                 [[SKPaymentQueue defaultQueue] finishTransaction transaction]              default                     NSLogOther                 break                codepre  pThanks, Stephanep
Negative 3262 pI am using Joda time api in a Spring 3.0 project for the very first time. Now I have a start and end date and I want to get the date for all mondays between these two dates. How can I do this  p  pI have no idea where to start, can someone please advise. I looked at theis post a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4547768jodatimehowtogetdatesofweekdaysonsomedateintervalJoda Time How to get dates of weekdays on some date intervala and it offered some sort of guidance but its still somewhat vague due to little experience with joda. p
Negative 3262 pIve got the following code, which hashes a password as inputted by the user, and subsequently stores it in an SQL Server databasep  precode   Byte[] originalPassword    Byte[] hashedPassword     MD5CryptoServiceProvider md5Hasher  new MD5CryptoServiceProvider    UTF8Encoding encoder  new UTF8Encoding     originalPassword  encoder.GetBytespasswordBox.Text    hashedPassword  md5Hasher.ComputeHashoriginalPassword    command.Parameters.Addnew SqlParameterPassword, hashedPassword    command.ExecuteNonQuery codepre  pstrongMy problem is that Ive got a number of plaintext passwords already stored in the database. How exactly am I to modify them into this new hashed format, since they appear as 0xA99ED....strong p
Negative 3262 pI am using the a hrefhttpsgithub.comcaolanasync relnofollowasynca modules a hrefhttpsgithub.comcaolanasyncqueue relnofollowpusha Control Flow and wondering how I can give the functionmethod I codeq.pushcode the callback that is given at codeasync.queuecodep  precodevar q  async.queuefunction task, callback      task     callback , 1  q.pushfunctionuserService      stuff to be done user.Services[i] codepre  pI guess its something like codetaskcallbackcode but how is that received whith the other arguments like emuserServiceemp
Negative 3262 pTrees are allocated in the Heap. Hence, there should be a pointer to the root node.p  pIf mySQL takes indexed rows, identifed by the Primary Key and stores them in a B  Tree, is there a way I can access the BTree via a C interfacep  pThis is part of a learning process, Im curious, if I can somehow access the root pointer for the BTree of a particular tablep
Negative 3262 pI have the following WPF code and it gives me an exception at TextBox t  tabItem.Content as TextBox the error says The calling thread cannot access this object because a different thread owns it. How can I fix the exceptionp  pRegardsp  precodeprivate void btnAddClickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e    RichTextBox statusRichTextBox  new RichTextBox   CloseableTabItem tabItem  new CloseableTabItem   tabItem.Content  statusRichTextBox   tabItem.Header  New Tab   MainTab.Items.AddtabItem   Thread t  new Threadnew ParameterizedThreadStartworker   t.StarttabItem     public void workerobject threadParam    CloseableTabItem tabItem  CloseableTabItemthreadParam    TextBox t  tabItem.Content as TextBox exception here   if t  null     Window1.myWindow1.Dispatcher.BeginInvokeAction gt  t.Text  THIS IS THE TEXT , System.Windows.Threading.DispatcherPriority.Normal  codepre
Negative 3262 precodeALERT ALERTINGTRANSACTION ALERTINGTRANSACTIONLINK ALERTACTIONLOG ALERTALERT ALERTASSIGNMENT ALERTCASE ALERTCUSTOMER ALERTDOCUMENT ALERTEXT ALERTMATCH ALERTMATCHDATA ALERTRESTRICTION ALERTSTATUS ALERTTRANSACTION AALERT AALERTINGTRANSACTION AALERTACTIONLOG AALERTASSIGNMENT AALERTCASE AALERTMATCH AALERTMATCHDATA AUDITLOGS CASES CASEACTIONLOG CASECUSTOMER CASEDIARY CASEDOCUMENT CASEEXT CASENARRATIVE CASETRANSACTION CHANNELSUBSCRIPTIONS COUNTRY CURRENCY CUSTOMERS CUSTOMERSRANGE CUSTOMERAUDITLOG CUSTOMERPROFILE CUSTOMERSTATUSES CUSTOMTRANSACTIONFIELD DFACCOUNT DFACTIVITYTYPE DFASSISTANCECONTACT DFAUTHSIGNPART DFCHECKBOXFINTRAC DFCUSTOMER DFDISC DFDISCLOSUREAUSTRACSMR DFDISCLOSURECANFINTRAC31 DFDISCLOSURELUXEMBOURGSTR DFDISCLOSUREUSFINCEN109 DFDISCTYPE DFDISCVERSION DFEFILEBATCH DFFINTRACINSTITUTE DFHONGKONGINSTITUTION DFINSTITUTIONAUSTRAC DFLAWENFORCEMENTAGENCY DFNARRATIVE DFREGULATORYCONTACT codepre  pI have these records in a text file. I want to write a query like p  precodeSELECT TABLENAME FROM USERTABLES WHERE TABLENAME NOT IN ALERT,ALERTINGTRANSACTION,.....,DFREGULATORYCONTACT codepre  pCan anybody tell me how can I add  around each table name and separate the tablenames by , inside the IN OPERATOR as the list of tables is veryyyyyy long.p
Negative 3262 pHello i added the following button inside of a gridp  precodeltEmptyDataTemplategt         ltaspButton IDButton1 runatserver CssClassfancybutton              onclickButton1Click TextAdauga un spatiu gt      ltEmptyDataTemplategt codepre  pThe code behind for thisp  precode protected void Button1Clickobject sender, EventArgs e               adsDetails.ChangeModeDetailsViewMode.Insert      codepre  pThe button doesnt fire when i click on it and i tried to add p  precode ltaspAsyncPostBackTrigger ControlIDButton1 EventNameClick gt codepre  pI receive  A control with ID Button1 could not be found for the trigger in UpdatePanel AddressGridViewUpdatePanel. p  pAny idea how i could fix this Thank you.p
Negative 3262 pIm just building the like side of it first. Basically, I just want it to automatically run an external PHPMySQL script that adds a 1 to the rating column for what was liked. I want this to happen without reloading the page, hence AJAX. Ive never used AJAX and Im having some trouble getting it to work. Below is the relevant code and I put a link to where Im working on it at at the bottom of this post.p  pHeres the form to startp  precodeltdiv idvotinggt     ltformgt      ltinput namevote typebutton onclickgetVoteltphp echo image[filename]gt valueLike gt      ltformgt ltdivgt codepre  pHeres the AJAX part of itp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt function getVotefilename  if window.XMLHttpRequest    code for IE7, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari   xmlhttpnew XMLHttpRequest    else    code for IE6, IE5   xmlhttpnew ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP    xmlhttp.onreadystatechangefunction      if xmlhttp.readyState4 ampamp xmlhttp.status200          document.getElementByIdvoting.innerHTMLxmlhttp.responseText         xmlhttp.openGET,voting.phpfilename,true xmlhttp.send  ltscriptgt codepre  pAnd finally, the voting.php script thats supposed to runp  precodeltphp Database Information dbhost   dbname   dbuser   dbpass    Connect to database mysqlconnect  dbhost, dbuser, dbpassor dieCould not connect .mysqlerror mysqlselectdbdbname or diemysqlerror  filename  GET[filename]  query  UPDATE images SET rating  rating1 WHERE filename  filename  mysqlqueryquery or diemysqlerror mysqlclose  gt  codepre  pa hrefhttpwww.ewsprojects.comlyons relnofollowHereas the site its supposed to go on if its of any help to anyone. Id really appreciate any kind of help. Absolutely clueless and Ive never used AJAX before. Thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pImagine Ive defined a recursive factorial in Mathematica, like thisp  precodeClear[fact] fact[0]  1 fact[n]  n fact[n  1] codepre  pEvaluating fact[10] confirms that the function works and terminates.p  pA bit of a staple example, but it serves its purpose in this question. Actually, my question pertains to recursive function definitions in general anyway.p  pI expected evaluating the following replacement to terminate as wellp  precodex fact[x1] . x gt 2 codepre  pAlas, it runs in to a recursion depth limitp  precodeRecursionLimitreclim Recursion depth of 256 exceeded. codepre  pI expected to see something likep  precode2 fact[21] codepre  por just the valuep  precode2 codepre  pUPDATE An alternative recursive definition of strongfactstrong emdoesem work as expectedp  precodeClear[fact] fact[n]  If[n lt 1, 1, n fact[n  1]] codepre  pBut this fact pun intended  makes it even more mysterious to me Why does it behave so much differentlyp  pMy question is twofoldp  ol lipEven with the builtin help and searching the net for clues, I cant explain why Mathematica insists in, apparently, keeping the symbolic result, rather than evaluating the intermediate results and terminating nicely. Who ventures a viable explainationpli lipHow can I convince Mathematica to perform according to my expections Other than using the alternative using strongIfstrong[]pli ol  pIm really puzzled by this one, and I really hope someone out there can help me out.p  pTwanp
Negative 3262 pI have a newsletter signup box in the sidebar like thisp  precode                                                                                                    NEWSLETTER                                                              codepre  pIve created a newslettercontroller with the following actionp  precodeclass SubscribersController lt ApplicationController   def create     subscriber  Subscriber.newparams[subscriber]   end end codepre  pIm confused about a few things in railsp  pstrong1. How to write the form with rails helpers that will post to this as an AJAX requeststrongp  pstrong2. If what the user enters is not a valid email or blank, how do I write out a message right there in the newsletter sidebar right next to the form fieldstrongp  pstrong3. If the insert was successful, how do I replace the form with a Youre signed up message.strongp  pIm new to both rails and jquery.p
Negative 3262 pI have been pulling my hair out trying to do some dynamic div resizing based on windowbody resize events. I first started with javascript, then tried jQuery, and have even tried other working demos but almost every one crashes FF or at least causes the active window to go all white. Is anyone else experiencing thisp  pFor example, if I go to a hrefhttpjsbin.comucolu relnofollowhttpjsbin.comucoluap  pand try to resize my FF window, it crashes FF, as do most others. The only stable resize I have found is via Ben Almans plugin at a hrefhttpbenalman.comcodeprojectsjqueryresizeexamplesresize relnofollowhttpbenalman.comcodeprojectsjqueryresizeexamplesresizeap  pAny ideasp
Negative 3262 pI get this compile error sorry, unimplemented mangling overload for a piece of code that is, as far as I can tell, correct. I have tried to minimize the code to a manageable example, but its still quite long sorry about that. I know the C11 stuff in there are under development, so it might be a problem with my compiler GCC 4.6.2, but it might also be me missing something.p  pThe modfunctions are merely placeholders for more complex functions with different return types. The purpose of the real code is to provide indices over a collection of data structures, to allow fast lookup using different matching criteria.p  pCheersbr Markusp  precodeinclude ltmapgt include ltstringgt include ltiostreamgt include ltlistgt include ltfunctionalgt include ltcassertgt    Functions   struct mod2  public stdunaryfunctionltint, intgt    int operatorint x const  return x  2    struct mod3  public stdunaryfunctionltint, intgt    int operatorint x const  return x  3    struct mod4  public stdunaryfunctionltint, intgt    int operatorint x const  return x  4       Base class foo   struct foo    stdvectorltintgt datam    foo  datam     intamp insertint x      datam.pushbackx     return datam.back       templatelttypename transTgt   stdlistltstdpairlttypename transTresulttype, intgt gt   matchconst typename transTresulttypeamp pattern,         const transTamp trans  transT const      stdlistltstdpairlttypename transTresulttype, intgt gt results     for auto it  datam.begin it  datam.end it        auto p  transit       if pattern  p          results.pushbackstdmakepairp, it                 return results         Derived class bar   templatelttypename baseT, typename transTgt struct bar  public baseT    typedef baseT basetype   typedef stdmultimaplttypename transTresulttype, intgt indextype   indextype indexm    barconst transTamp trans  transT  basetype, indexm     intamp insertint x, const transTamp trans  transT      return indexm.inserttypename indextypevaluetypetransx, basetypeinsertxgtsecond       stdpairlttypename indextypeconstiterator,             typename indextypeconstiteratorgt   matchconst typename transTresulttypeamp pattern,         const transTamp trans  transT const      return indexm.equalrangepattern       templatelttypename xtransTgt   decltypebasetype.matchtypename xtransTresulttype, xtransT   matchconst typename xtransTresulttypeamp pattern,         const xtransTamp xtrans  xtransT const      return basetypematchpattern, xtrans          Beginend functions present in Boost but not in GCC   templatelttypename iterTgt   iterT beginconst stdpairltiterT, iterTgtamp range    return range.first   templatelttypename iterTgt   iterT endconst stdpairltiterT, iterTgtamp range    return range.second      Main   int mainconst int argc, const char argv    using stdcout   using stdendl    barltbarltfoo, mod2gt, mod3gt baz         Insert some numbers       for int i  0 i lt 20 i      baz.inserti       for int i  0 i lt 5 i      cout ltlt i   ltlt i ltlt endl            Try to match with different functions           auto bazmatchmod2  baz.matchi, mod2     cout ltlt mod2     for auto it  beginbazmatchmod2 it  endbazmatchmod2 it        assertitgtfirst  i       cout ltlt   ltlt itgtsecond          cout ltlt endl      auto bazmatchmod3  baz.matchi, mod3     cout ltlt mod3     for auto it  beginbazmatchmod3 it  endbazmatchmod3 it        assertitgtfirst  i       cout ltlt   ltlt itgtsecond          cout ltlt endl      auto bazmatchmod4  baz.matchi, mod4     cout ltlt mod4     for auto it  beginbazmatchmod4 it  endbazmatchmod4 it        assertitgtfirst  i       cout ltlt   ltlt itgtsecond          cout ltlt endl       return 0  codepre
Negative 3262 pWe just set up the Oracle RAC environment today and we use the single oracle database instance before.p  pNow we have four nodes in the RAC whose physical IPs are p  precode192.168.1.1 192.168.1.2 192.168.1.3 192.168.1.4 codepre  pAlso the there are four virtual IPs  p  precode192.168.1.11 192.168.1.22 192.168.1.33 192.168.1.44 codepre  pAnd we can connect code192.168.1.1code to use the oracle EM Database Console.p  pNow I do not know how to set the connection string in my web.config of the asp.net application.p  pSince when we use the single instance we just set the string like thisp  precodeproviderMSDAORAdata sourceORCLuser idxxpasswordxx codepre  pThe ORCL here is the local net service name which can be found in the tnsnames.orathe machine on which the IIS work.p  pAny ideap  pUPDATEp  pI use the oledb api.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to find a tutorial or demo of jQuery auto rotating banner imagesSWFs WITHOUT OVERLAYINGltltlt each imageSWF that slows down my browser.p  pI currently have an old rotating SWF banners based on javascript with transition effect on my website that overlays on top of each imageSWF and it is killing my computerbrowser. The longer they overlay each other, it freezes the browser app and have to closereopen it.p  pSomething like abanner rotates up front for few sec then the bbanner rotates next and the abanner disappears behind it, rather than staying behind the bbanner.p  pI know there are tons of jQuery rotating banner, but they are not what Im looking for technically.p  pThanks and appreciate it.p
Negative 3262 pIve been evaluating messaging technologies for my company but Ive become very confused by the conceptual differences between a few termsp  pstrongPubSubstrong vs strongMulticaststrong vs strongFan Outstrong I am working with the following definitionsp  ul listrongPubSubstrong has publishers delivering a separate copy of each message to each subscriber which means that the opportunity to guarantee delivery existsli listrongFan Outstrong has a single queue pushing to all listening clients. li listrongMulticaststrong just spams out data and if someone is listening then fine, if not, it doesnt matter.  No possibility to guarantee a client definitely gets a message.li ul  pAre these definitions right  Or is PubSub the pattern and multicast, direct, fanout etc. ways to acheive the patternp  pIm trying to work the outofthebox RabbitMQ definitions into our architecture but Im just going around in circles at the moment trying to write the specs for our app.p  pPlease could someone advise me whether I am rightp
Negative 3262 pI have many text files in a markdown text format and I want to use GNU make for generating HTML output. I have this Makefile that works with only one filep  precodeMARKDOWNmarkdown2  all myarticle1242323266.html  .html .markdown     MARKDOWN lt   clean     rm f html codepre  pNow, I want to get it working with all the markdownhtml files, but I strongdo not want to list all my files in the Makefilestrong. I tried wildcard .html but it cannot not work as I dont have the source files in the directory yet. How to do thatp
Negative 3262 pI am creating an application that is intended to run on 4.2 ios devices. For aesthetic reasons, by default I would like to use Noteworthy font that has replaced Chalkboard font since iOS 4.3. I assume that in iOS 4.2 Noteworthy font is not available and I have to fallback to another font if user is running this version of the system What is the best approach to do the fallback Should i use p  precodeUIFont fontWithNameNSString fontName sizeCGFloatfontSize codepre  pand check for nil return valuep  pCan I use noteworthy in my xib file or would doing so crash 4.2 devicep
Negative 3262 precodenamespace admin do    root to gt adminindex end codepre  pI can visit codelocalhost3000admincode and it works. When I deploy to heroku codemyapp.herokuapp.comadmincode does not. It produced this p  pcodeActionControllerRoutingError uninitialized constant AdminAdminControllercodep  pMy controller is actually AdminController, not AdminAdminController and Im not quite sure what the difference is or how to fix this.p  pAgain, it all works locally.p
Negative 3262 pI dont understand how do I create a postreceive hook for a strongspecificstrong repository in gitolite nonroot installp  pMy bare repository contains a website that should copy the working directory to the docRoot codeGITWORKTREEpathhtdocs git checkout fcode on updatep  pBefore gitolite, I would just update the hook for the specific repository.br Gitolite documentation mentions that all hooks should be at codehookscommoncode so I dont understand how it works.p  pWhat should be the name of hooks, where it should be located and how its structure should be changed if it shouldp
Negative 3262 pI need to store message data in SQL. Cannot decide which way to go here.p  pThere is a main class Message, say simplifiedp  precodeclass Messagemodels.Model     userid  models.ForeignKeyUser     text  models.TextField codepre  pPlus, there are other Message classes that inherit this one.p  precodeclass MmsMessageMessage     imagedata  models.ForeignKeyImageData codepre  pAnd so on. These other message classes of course can have more than 1 additional field.p  pNow, I am evaluating the best fastest design pattern to make this work. In around 25 of cases I will not be needing additional fields, simply raw Message objects Message.objects.all. In other cases, I need all data. Additional fields may not necessarily be searchable. Nonetheless, it would be nice thing to have.p  pI was thinking aboutp  ul lipstrongA Inheritance concrete, abstractstrongp  ul lipAbstract inheritance is out. I loose the ability to do Message.objects.all which is unacceptable.pli lipConcrete inheritance seems to me like a way to go. Tried two approaches. djangomodelutils one selectsubclasses which doesnt need additional queries, but due to lots of inner joins and redundant data in results it is very slow compared to other solutions. pli lipdjangopolymorphic still concrete inheritance approach using contenttypes to know what we are dealing with and then select related fields is 4 times faster than selectsubclasses at least on postgresql  which was a small surprise for me it requires n queries where n is a number of child types but still faster due to simpler joins and no unnecessary data results. Tested on 10 000 objects across 20 different Message child types.pli ulli lipstrongB EAV model many to many for additional attributesstrongp  ul liHavent tested EAV model but I doubt it will be faster than inheritance solution. When I know what column names and types I want, it seems that EAV model loses all its charm.li ulli lipstrong[UPDATED  horsewithnoname] B1 hstore  similiar to EAV with many to many but possibly much faster no joins, backend supportstrongp  ul liGreat to add dictionary like custom fields. li liDownsides I lose compatibility with other django database backends I would prefer not to, also it is typeagnostic, key and value is TEXT. I am also worried about making Message table raw queries slower in general due to many TEXT fields in hstore dict.li ulli lipstrongC XML field in Message table for additional datastrongp  ul liXML field in Message table is something that feels a little fishy to me. What if I dont need these additional fields from message child types to be searchable or indexable  is XML field a good solutionli ulli ul  pWhat is the best option in your opinionp
Negative 3262 pIm currently developing an Android app and Ive got an issue concerning layout. In my XML layout file, I create a relative layout fillparent for width and wrapcontent for height which contains a list View or possibly an expendable List View  fillparent for height and width. In the corresponding activity onCreate method, I just set the adapter corresponding to my list and attach it to my list. The problem is that when I run my app the relative layout only has a size of 93dip and so it hides my list which has a size from 67 to 210dip when I would like the relative layout height to stick to the list current size The size will never change through action in the activity just possibly when creating or resuming the activity. Would anyone have an idea of a solution to fix that p  pSome code as asked p  precodeltLinearLayout androidididcontent                androidlayoutwidthfillparent                androidbackgrounddrawablerow                androidlayoutbelowidheader                androidlayoutheightwrapcontentgt       ltListView androidididlist                  androidlayoutwidthfillparent                  androidlayoutheightfillparent                  androidbackgrounddrawablelistrowgt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pAnd in the java file where snapRecords is my object listsp  precodempanel  RelativeLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.lastFareRecordPanel ListView lv  ListViewmpanel.findViewByIdR.id.list final QuickSnapBookmarksAdapter adapter  new QuickSnapBookmarksAdaptersnapRecords, getApplicationContext, this, lv lv.setAdapteradapter codepre  pMany thanks in advance for your help p  pBenjap
Negative 3262 pSo Im getting data from a 3rd party in the form of an XML String.p  pI want to then do the followingp  precodemessageString  Encoding.ASCII.GetStringmessageBeingSent messageString  messageString.Trim  XDocument xmlDoc  XDocument.ParsemessageString codepre  pHowever, it errors out and gives me the exception hexadecimal value 0x00 is an invalid character.  Line 1, Position x  where X is the last character in the string.p  pThis appears to me that a null terminator is being sent along with the string and then the XDocument flips out because of the null terminator.p  pWhats the solution to thisp
Negative 3262 pI need APIWebservices Documentation to make playlist in Spotify via Facebook User Account in Facebook APPs and share it with your friends and the friends can update the playlist, but i dont find any documentation to do this, nothing in Facebook and noting in Spotify.p  pIts posible to make this Where is the documentation for the APP developing in Facebook using the Spotify APIp
Negative 3262 pI havep  precode if xmlhttp.readyState4 ampamp xmlhttp.status200            cubox1.val     curxmlhttp.responseText      curcur.replacecu,ltstronggtcurltstronggt         .box2.htmlcur    codepre  pI try that, and the replace just doesnt happen. p  pWhen I change codecurcode to just have a value of normal text codecurmy name is....code then it works fine.p  pIve tried changing the replace line to codecurcur.replacecu,found itcode  still nothingp  pThis is all in the same function as the where the AJAX request takes place...p  pAny ideasp
Negative 3262 pIve generated a complex XAML from 3DS. This 3D model has lots of Model3DGroups, each with its own transform. It represents an industrial robot with 2 pieces in its extremes. How can I make these 2 pieces to be Visible andor Invisible. It looks like Visibility is not a property here. I must switch between those 2 states, and this is going to happen at different time frames and positions. Any ideas are welcome.p
Negative 3262 pI want to make something like google maps widget. I need to position image tiles absolutely within ScrollPanel.p  pIs it possible directly or I should insert AbsolutePanel firstp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pMy searching leads me to believe this is an issue with the headers being set for the response. This application is built using the Zend framework, and here are the headers being set this response contains information about a file uploadp  precoderesponse     gtsetHeaderExpires, Mon, 26 Jul 1997 050000 GMT     gtsetHeaderCacheControl, private, nocache     gtsetHeaderPragma, nocache     gtsetHeaderContentDisposition, inline filenamefiles.json     gtsetHeaderXContentTypeOptions, nosniff     gtsetHeaderContenttype, applicationjson charsetUTF8 codepre  pThis is the contents of the files.json     webpathhttpwww.domain.comavatar38b3eff8ba4c62a71.jpg,fileid484,height250,width250p  pEdit Im having this issue in all versions of IE, including IE9. I have also attempted to use textplain for the Contenttype, with no avail. Also fixed the typo on the word private.p
Negative 3262 pI need to relocate files to SQL Server 2000 default data folder programmatically using C, I have searched a lot but couldnt find a solution.p  pGiven below link only works for SQL Server 2005 and above versions. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1165576csharphowtogetsqlserverinstallationpathprogramaticallyC How to get SQL Server installation path programaticallyap  pPlease help me. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pI have a WPF application .NET Framework 4 with a custom windowborder. Ive disabled the glass border using the a hrefhttparchive.msdn.microsoft.comWPFShell relnofollowWPF Shell Integration Librarya, and draw my own border. However I want to add a DropShadow around the border of the window when not maximized. Ive added a shadow like thisp  precodeprivate static bool DropShadowWindow window      try              WindowInteropHelper helper  new WindowInteropHelperwindow         int val  2         int ret1  DwmSetWindowAttributehelper.Handle, 2, ref val, 4          if ret1  0                      Margins m  new Margins  Bottom  0, Left  0, Right  0, Top  0              int ret2  DwmExtendFrameIntoClientAreahelper.Handle, ref m             return ret2  0                  else                      return false                   catch Exception ex               Probably dwmapi.dll not found incompatible OS         return false       codepre  pFor more details see a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3372303dropshadowforwpfborderlesswindowDropShadow for WPF Borderless Windowap  pThis solution works fine when working with a codeWindowState.Normalcode However when I maximize the application and disable the codeDWMWANCRENDERINGPOLICYcode the background of the window becomes slightly transparent and most of my controls render totally different than Im used to.p  pIn the following image you see the maximized state as it was originally, and with the shadow code. As you can see it totally changes the transparency of the window with the shadow code o img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comf9ZVH.png altenter image description herep  pIs there something Im missing Ive been reading through the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsdesktopaa96952728vVS.8529.aspx relnofollowDWM Function librarya but cant find the answer... p
Negative 3262 pIve started using Sphinx for a django project, and Ive hit a brick wallp  pThe modules are documented with something like thisp  precodemodmodels Module   .. automodule userprofile.models     members     undocmembers     showinheritance codepre  pThe relevant code looks like thisp  precode models is django.db.models class ProfileQuerystringmodels.Model    [..] codepre  pThe problem is that codeProfileQuerystringcode does emnotem appear in the HTML build. If, however, I remove the inheritance to codemodels.Modelcode so the line looks like codeclass ProfileQuerystringcode and rebuild, the class gets documented.p  pThis doesnt happen a few lines above that code, where I inherit from codemodels.Managercode.p  pemCan anyone help me out or at least give me a hintemp  pstrongLATER EDITstrongp  pIf I manually add it, it worksp  precode.. automodule cinely.userprofile.models     members     undocmembers     showinheritance  .. autoclass cinely.userprofile.models.ProfileQuerystring  lt note this codepre  pSo the class emcanem be documented, but somehow codeautomodulecode doesnt want to.p  pstrongLATER EDIT 2strongp  pIve tried removing the codemetaclasscode attribute from codeModelcode, but nothing happens. Also, since Ive started editing the Django source, I took the chance to print something to the console, but nothing happened. I can confirm that the customized django is used, because Ive uninstalled the codepipcode installed one.p
Negative 3262 pI am getting the following type of error, can anyone help on this .I have used Eclipse 3.2.2 and Blackberry5.0.0 jar,compiler compliance level 1.4,jdk 1.5 and j2mepolish2.1.4.jarp  precodeCDocuments and SettingsAdministratorworkspace1TTMFBlackBerrysrcChangeOfDividendPoster.java12 package net.rim.device.api.io.transport does not exist     [javac] import net.rim.device.api.io.transport.ConnectionDescriptor     [javac]                                             [javac] CDocuments and SettingsAdministratorworkspace1TTMFBlackBerrysrcChangeOfDividendPoster.java13 package net.rim.device.api.io.transport does not exist     [javac] import net.rim.device.api.io.transport.ConnectionFactory     [javac]                                             [javac] CDocuments and SettingsAdministratorworkspace1TTMFBlackBerrysrcChangeOfDividendPoster.java101 cannot find symbol     [javac] symbol   class ConnectionFactory     [javac] location class ChangeOfDividendPoster     [javac]          ConnectionFactory connFact  new ConnectionFactory     [javac]                       [javac] CDocuments and SettingsAdministratorworkspace1TTMFBlackBerrysrcChangeOfDividendPoster.java101 cannot find symbol     [javac] symbol   class ConnectionFactory     [javac] location class ChangeOfDividendPoster     [javac]          ConnectionFactory connFact  new ConnectionFactory     [javac]                                                        [javac] CDocuments and SettingsAdministratorworkspace1TTMFBlackBerrysrcChangeOfDividendPoster.java102 cannot find symbol     [javac] symbol   class ConnectionDescriptor     [javac] location class ChangeOfDividendPoster     [javac]          ConnectionDescriptor connDesc     [javac]               [javac] 5 errors [javac] If an APIclass was not found, you might need to define where to find the deviceAPIs. Following classpath has been used [CProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importmmapi.jarCProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importcldc1.1.jarCProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importmidp2.0.jarCProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importnokiaui.jarCProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importpdaapi.jarCProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importbtapi.jarCProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importwmapi2.0.jarCProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importwmapi.jarCProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importm3g.jarCProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importjsr172.jarCProgram FilesJ2MEPolish2.2.1importjsr234.jar]. codepre
Negative 3262 precodealter table emp   modify mgr codepre  pAre previous constraints droppedretainedbr What is the use of thisp
Negative 3262 phow to update current page on scroll down with certain pixel remaining to page end  p  pAssuming everybody knows the functionality currently using by Facebook. Once i got logged in , i can see certian number of records as notification or news..bla bla bla.. it must be the mechanism to split the result set in html markup pages.. but how if user has 1000000 of records... to fetch the this amount of records and split them in certain pages will affect the performance certainly.. so how to handle this in context of perforance.p
Negative 3262 pIs there a way to extend strongCreateAliasstrong to work with strongTable Valued Functionstrong not just tables, I want to join a strongTable Valued Functionstrong to a base table, how can I do this with strongCriteriastrong.p  precodeSELECT this.advanceOrderId as y0  FROM  ordersAdvanceOrders this        left outer join AchievableVersions u1              on this.unitId  u1.achievableVersionId        left  join containstableAchievableVersions,achievableCode,ase3002 ct              on u1.achievableVersionId  ct.[key]  codepre
Negative 3262 pI want to integrate android in built key pad which has call and sms button at the bottom how can i do this in my application please suggest me the solutionp
Negative 3262 pI was using Apache Commons a hrefhttpcommons.apache.orgioapidocsorgapachecommonsioFileUtils.htmldeleteDirectory28java.io.File29 relnofollowFileUtils.deleteDirectorya to recursively delete a folder, and I noticed it follows symlinks.p  pIs there an alternative that will not follow symlinks, but only delete real files and folders Alternatively, can I tweak FileUtils to do thisp
Negative 3262 pafter i execute .exe and .bat files and close them, system does not let the handle go for about a minute. it forces me wait to buildsave the file. this pisses me off so much when i m editing bat files or building executable.  p  phere are 2 screenshot to show what i mean 1st is the all active processes, maybe there is some oddity im not aware a hrefhttpimageshack.usphotomyimages94processak.jpg relnofollowhttpimageshack.usphotomyimages94processak.jpgap  p2nd is systems handle on bat file. a hrefhttpimageshack.usphotomyimages696handlek.jpg relnofollowhttpimageshack.usphotomyimages696handlek.jpgap  pthank you.p
Negative 3262 pI have table containing information about a series of x number of quizzes. It includes a field for ID, Name, Subject and Level. p  pI would like to be able to fetch all the subjects once, so not the duplicates, because some quizzes will have the same subject.p  pI am then going to populate a drop down menu with this result and allow user to use it to filter their search results  if I canp  pWhat I am stuck on is the SQL query, and I would be so grateful for any suggestions, thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI am displaying name of groups from database in codeul gtlicode and its parameters in codeltdivgtcode which is initially hidden. Now using jQuery I want to toggle only codeltdivgtcode but same time want to hide all others.p  pI have tried the following code but it does not work in jQuery 1.7. Can any one please help me how to use code.notcode or code.filtercode while selecting all divs that starts with group or some other solutionp  precodepopupContact.delegateul.horizontallists li a, click, function      var targetid  this.attrid     targetid  divOf  targetid       targetid.slideToggleslow     [iddivOf].notthis.hide  codepre
Negative 3262 pThis function converts a 3D point into screen coordinates but it returns a vector3. What is the point in the Z value why doesnt it just return a D3DXVECTOR2p
Negative 3262 pI need to programmatically stop a Messagedriven bean from receiving messages from a JMS queue.p  pMy environment is WebSphere Application Server v7.p  pI think it could be done by some MBean operation on an Activation Specification MBean, but I cant locate the activationSpec using WebSpheres adminclient API.p  pIve browsed the JMX tree using JConsole and also tried printing out every available MBean and searching for the name of the activationspec. Its nowhere to be found.p  pIs this the right approach and what am I missingp  pCould the MDB be stopped in any other wayp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pIm looking to develop a website to host HTML5 games on. Since these games have the chance to include malicious javascript, Id like to know how to setup a secure environment for hosting them.p  pIt seems like embedding the game with an iframe is the answer, but Im relatively new to website development, so some questionsp  ul lipis there a simple way to host the games securely on the same domain, or...pli lipdoes the game have to be hosted on a different domain, then embedded within an iframe, so that it cant interact with the parent documentpli lipif the game is executed while hosted on another domain, can it interact with that host domain in any malicious waypli ul
Negative 3262 pI am trying to get function symbol from a dynamic library and then I need to replace my function with the library funciton using the new function pointer.The code is to be written in c file.p  pI used following steps,p  precode void temp  dlsymltFLAGSgt,ltFUNCNAMEgt reinterpretcastltvoidgtamprealmal  temp void p  NULL p  realmalsize return p  codepre  pBut at compile time I am getting this error void value not ignored as it ought to be  errorp  pHow can I resolve above situation p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 preWhen analyzing a core file, my gdb 7.0 outputs several warningsp  precodewarning Wrong size gregset in core file. warning Wrong size fpregset in core file. warning Wrong size gregset in core file. warning Wrong size fpregset in core file. warning Unable to find dynamic linker breakpoint function. GDB will be unable to debug shared library initializers and track explicitly loaded dynamic code. codepre  pI am not sure if its related, but I am unable to get a backtracep  precodegdb bt 0  0x00000000 in   codepre  pOS architecture is SUN Solaris 10 SPARC.p  pstrongQuestionsstrongbrp  ol liWhat is the reasoncause of these warningsli liWhy cant I retrieve a backtraceli liHow to fix these problemsli ol
Negative 3262 pThis is my first time that I will work with the web service, so I will be grateful to you if you can help me .p  pI have created this web service p  pa hrefhttp192.168.2.1668080WebService1Service1.asmx relnofollowhttp192.168.2.1668080WebService1Service1.asmxa it includes three methods, the first one will return array of strings, the second and third will return one string for each method .p  pMy question is  How can I connect with this web service and print the results on console p  pNote  if anybody have a good tutorial and advanced that related to web service, I will be grateful if he can shared this tutorial with me specially how connect web service with database and return the results to the clientsp  pThanks in advance p
Negative 3262 pI am building a search of city names imported from GeoNames.com. Some of the cities have international characters in the name. For example, Istanbul is actually stanbul in the database.p  pWhen people search for Istanbul, stanbul doesnt come up.p  pIs there a way I can add a filter or decoder to the search that would know that stanbul  Istanbulp  pCurrently, itsp  precodecities  City.objects.filternameicontainsquery codepre
Negative 3262 pWhen the user does something touch on a StackPanel, in this case, I need to begin a timer of some sort probably DispatcherTimer as Im working in WPF and if another touch happens again within a certain amount of time then Ill call a method. As you can probably guess  this is to implement a doubletap functionality.p  pIm assuming the best way to achieve this is through using threads i.e. a child thread to increment a timespan which can be checked by the Main thread any time the StackPanel is touched againp  pThanks,p  pDanp
Negative 3262 pi have a problem with a application. this application simply shows a number value every second. you can see it as a countdown. the problem is, that this codeTimercode sometimes stop to tick and i dont know why. where is my codep  precodepublic MainPage      InitializeComponent      Loaded  new RoutedEventHandlerMainPageLoaded  codepre  pi start the timer afte the Loaded eventp  precodevoid MainPageLoadedobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e      Timer t1  new TimerTimerCall     t1.Change0, 1000  codepre  pand here is the method which chanes the textp  precodeprivate void TimerCallobject state       TextField.Dispatcher.BeginInvokedelegate              TextField.Text  some text change        codepre  pstrongI dont understand why this sometimes stopsstrongp
Negative 3262 pid like to create a source control system running on a NAS Drive. As a Windows User, Ive never been able to get Microsoft Visual Source Safe to work on previous NAS Drives, as internally most of them seem to use Linux rather than Windows. I always got a security denied error message.p  pShould most NAS Drives be able to host a source control system. Im presuming that possiblly i should have tried to install subversion rather than visual source safe Or ideally id like to use Microsoft Team Foundation Server. p  pShould i be looking for a NAS Drive with NTFS Is there any that someone can recommend Also will there be a performance issuep  pregardsp  pKojop
Negative 3262 pI am trying to write a function that will trim all the letters off the end of a string, up to the first number it hits. p  pEssentially I have children products, item101S, item101xxx, etc. and want to output only the parent product, item101. p  pNot sure if I should be using regular expressions or isnumeric or what. p  pAny help would be appreciatedp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI am new to android. I heard we can create android applications using HTML5, is it true p  pIf yes, which software i have to use to create and test applications.p  pAny help will be greatly appreciated. Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pCan someone tell me why this worksp  precodeSELECT name FROM user WHERE uid IN SELECT uid2 FROM friend WHERE uid1me AND strposlowername,jo gt0 codepre  phowever this does notp  precodeSELECT url, id, type, site FROM objecturl WHERE strposlowerurl, sephora gt 0 codepre  pWhen I put it in a hrefhttpdevelopers.facebook.comdocsreferencerestfql.query relnofollowhttpdevelopers.facebook.comdocsreferencerestfql.queryap  pI get this responsep  pYour statement is not indexable. The WHERE clause must contain an indexable column. Such columns are marked with  in the tables linked from a hrefhttpdevelopers.facebook.comdocsreferencefql relnofollowhttpdevelopers.facebook.comdocsreferencefqlap  phowever url in indeed indexable.  p  pany thoughts Ive already scoured stackoverflow but no answers found.p
Negative 3262 precodeltcif testpaging.pageCount gt 1gt ltcif testnot empty searchkeygt ltcset varpagingpath1 valueampkeysearchkeyampvaluesearchvalue gt ltcifgt   ltdiv style backgroundf5f5f5 border1px solid dedede height30px width985px  margin20px autogt         ltdiv classpagDiv1gtltagtResultsltspangtltcout value paging.page gt  ltcoutgt  ltcout value paging.pageCount gtltcoutgt  total ltcout value paging.count gtltcoutgt ltspangtltagtltdivgt     ltdiv classpagenavgt                 ltagtPagesltagt                 ltcchoosegt                 ltcwhen testpaging.orderStatusgt                 ltcset varpagingpath valueamporderpaging.orderampdirpaging.directiongt                 ltcsetgt                 ltcwhengt                 ltcotherwisegtltcset varpagingpath valuegtltcsetgtltcotherwisegt                 ltcchoosegt                 lta classlftarrow hrefgtPrevious amp9668ltagt                 ltcforEach varpid varStatusstatus begin1 endpaging.pageCount step1gt                 ltcchoosegt                     ltcwhen testpid  paging.pagegtltspan classcurpagegtltbgt pid ltbgtltspangtltlabelgtltlabelgtltcwhengt                     ltcotherwisegtlta classpage hrefconsultantlist.htmppidpagingpath1ampselectiontypeselectiontype1ampsearchtexttextbox1gt pid ltagtltlabelgtltlabelgtltcotherwisegt                 ltcchoosegt                 ltcforEachgt                                             lta classlftarrow hrefgtamp9658 Nextltagt      ltdivgt    ltdivgt   ltcifgt codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJezuv.png altenter image description herep  pThe image attached has the listing page in which I am working .p  pThe code snippet is to display the pagenation in the footer.p  pHow to make only say 4 page numbers visible at once and on click of Next the other pages must be visiblep
Negative 3262 pMany of the Haskell tutorials Ive looked through focus almost entirely on syntax with very little coverage on how to structure a program.p  pFor example...p  pHeres a barebones outline of a C applicationp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt using namespace std  int addition int a, int b    int r   rab   return r   int main     int z   z  addition 5,3   cout ltlt The result is  ltlt z   return 0  codepre  pWhen I first started learning C, examples like these helped me immensely in learning how to assemble individual pieces into working programs. Maybe Im looking in the wrong places, but I havent been able to find any such examples that are as direct and simple for Haskell.p  pI already know A LOT of Haskell syntax. I can write recursive list comprehensions, and manipulate strings, integers, and lists out the wazoo.p  pstrongIn shortstrong I just want to know what two subroutines and variable pass looks like in Haskell. If I can get some basic understanding on how to structure a Haskell program, I might finally be able to put all the syntax Ive learned to some use.p
Negative 3262 pMy URL map is as followsp  precode[map fromttwebPageinitWithPage toSharedViewController[WebPageController class]] codepre  pand in the codeWebPageControllercodep  precode id initWithPageWebPagepage      if self  [super init]          ... codepre  pThen I called the url several times in my codep  precodettwebPage1 ttwebPage2 ttwebPage1 still called the initWithPage everytime, not cached codepre  pWhy it is not cached as it is a SharedViewControllerp
Negative 3262 pI develop a lot of frameworks for Flash games and applications. I have always prefixed my class names with a random character or two, to avoid conflict with class names that the developer may already have, for examplep  precodeclass LEntity codepre  pRecently I had a coworker blast me for poor and annoying naming of classes who then proceeded to rename emeveryem class in the frameworks Ive created for people here to use.p  pIm having trouble explaining my reasoning thoroughly enough for him to accept what Ive done as a good approach.p  pIs what Ive done above actually a bad thing If not, how can I explain otherwise If so, whyp  hr  pComments are asking about namespaces  I know AS3 in this example has what I know to be called a namespace but Im not sure if this is the same thing or if it can be used as expected.p
Negative 3262 pNew to SharePoint.p  pIm trying to upload a document to SharePoint using its CopyIntoItems web service method with Java but keep on getting 400 Bad Request.  Ive use the Javas wsimport to generate the class files from the .wsdl file.  Here is my Java code with the generated classes.p  precodepublic static void createDocumentCopySoap port      String url  SoapPortProvider.spSiteUrl  Shared DocumentsTemp Foldertest.txt     String sourceUrl  httpnull      byte[] content  IoUtil.getBytesnew FileCCopyFileREADME.txt      FieldInformation descInfo  new FieldInformation      descInfo.setDisplayNameTest Doc     descInfo.setTypeFieldType.TEXT     descInfo.setValueTest uploaded file               DestinationUrlCollection urls  new DestinationUrlCollection     urls.getString.addurl      FieldInformationCollection infos  new FieldInformationCollection      infos.getFieldInformation.adddescInfo        CopyResultCollection results  new CopyResultCollection      HolderltCopyResultCollectiongt resultHolder  new HolderltCopyResultCollectiongtresults      HolderltLonggt longHolder  new HolderltLonggtnew Long1      port.copyIntoItemssourceUrl, urls, infos, content, longHolder, resultHolder   codepre  pMy SOAP Request looks like p  precodeltxml version1.0 gt ltSEnvelope xmlnsShttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelopegt    ltSBodygt       ltCopyIntoItems xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comsharepointsoapgt              ltSourceUrlgthttpnullltSourceUrlgt          ltDestinationUrlsgt             ltstringgthttpswww.mysite.comsitesTestSiteShared DocumentsTemp Foldertest.txtltstringgt          ltDestinationUrlsgt          ltFieldsgt             ltFieldInformation ValueTest uploaded file DisplayNameTest Doc TypeTextgt          ltFieldsgt          ltStreamgtKioqTWFrZSBzdXJlIHRoZSBjb250ZW50IGlzIHVuZGVyIEM6L0NvcHlGaWxlLy4gICoqKg0KDQpUbyBydW46DQoNCjEuICBFZGl0IHRoZSBkZXBsb3kucHJvcHMgZmlsZS4gIFNwZWNpZnkgdGhlIHNvdXJjZSAoZm9sZGVyIHRoYXQgY29udGFpbiBpdGVtcyB0byBkZXBsb3kpLCBkZXN0aW5hdGlvbiAoZm9sZGVyIHRvIGRlcGxveSB0byksIGFuZCBmaWxlcyAodGhlIGl0ZW1zIHRvIGRlcGxveSkuDQoyLiAgRG91YmxlIGNsaWNrIG9uIGRlcGxveUN1c3RvbWl6YXRpb24uYmF0DQoNCk5vdGUgdGhhdCBhIGxvZyBvZiB0aGUgcHJvZ3Jlc3Mgd2lsbCBiZSBjcmVhdGVkIGluIEM6L0NvcHlGaWxlL2NvcHlGaWxlLmxvZyANCg0KTm90ZSB0aGF0LCBmb3IgcHJlY2F1dGlvbiwgZXhpc3RpbmcgZmlsZSB3aWxsIG5vdCBiZSBvdmVyd3JpdHRlbiwgaW5zdGVhZCB3aWxsIGJlIHNhdmVkIGFzIHlvdXJfY29kZV9maWxlLm9sZAltStreamgt       ltCopyIntoItemsgt     ltSBodygt ltSEnvelopegt codepre  pAnd the response I get is p  precodenull HTTP1.1 400 Bad Request Contentlength 0 Xpoweredby ASP.NET Server MicrosoftIIS7.5 Date Tue, 14 Feb 2012 162951 GMT Microsoftsharepointteamservices 14.0.0.5138 codepre  pwhich doesnt tell me much.  What could be missingp
Negative 3262 pI am using the below functions to create and open a GSocket and then listen for UDP messages to display in a GTKENTRY field. The openlistensocket function is called, and then after that I have a function on a timeout calling the getincomingmessages function every second or so. p  pThe problem is that when I launch the program, I only get a bunch of garbage characters showing up in the GTKENTRY field, and my console is repeating an error message PangoWARNING Invalid UTF8 string passed to pangolayoutsettext.p  pIve been able to send UDP messages no problem, but am going crazy trying to figure out receiving them, even though it feels like it shouldnt be so difficultp  pThank you for any help, here are my functionsp  precodestatic void openlistensocket   GInetAddress localAddress GSocketAddress localSocketAddress   localAddress  ginetaddressnewfromstring127.0.0.1 guint16 listenPort  atoigtkentrygettext GTKENTRY listenPortField  localSocketAddress  ginetsocketaddressnewlocalAddress, listenPort  listenSocket  gsocketnewGSOCKETFAMILYIPV4, GSOCKETTYPEDATAGRAM, 17, NULL  gsocketbind listenSocket, localSocketAddress, FALSE, NULL gsocketsetblockinglistenSocket, FALSE gsocketlisten listenSocket, NULL     static int getincomingmessage   gchar buffer[1024]  int inputlength  inputlength  gsocketreceivelistenSocket, gchar buffer, 1024, NULL, NULL  gtkentrysettext GTKENTRY currentstatusmessagebox, const gchar buffer   return 1   codepre  pAlso, if it helps at all, I had to add the return 1 at the end of getincomingmessage, because without it that process seemed to get stuck inside that function even though the rest of the application continued working ok.p  pstrongemEDIT AND UPDATE BELOWemstrongp  pOk, using the advice below I have things working, but am hitting a new problem. It appears that my call to gsocketreceive returns true every single iteration, printing an empty line if no message has been sent. That means that I do see my sent messages come through, but they disappear from the GTKENTRY a split second later as they are replaced by an empty line on the next iteration. p  precodestatic gboolean getincomingmessage   gchar buffer[10]  0 GError err  NULL  if gsocketreceivelistenSocket, gchar buffer, 10, NULL, amperr gt 0       printfns, buffer     gtkentrysettext GTKENTRY currentstatusmessagebox, const gchar buffer     return TRUE   return FALSE   codepre  pI dont know what checks to use to tell the difference between an actual message and these empty lines Its almost as if this socket is receiving an endless stream of empty data anytime a legitimate message is not being sent. Does that make sensep  pstrongFigured it outstrongp  pI had to add an ELSE statement to give it something else to do when there was no data, to prevent it from trying to write the empty line. Not sure I understand that, so Id love an explanation if anyone has one, but Im back in business Thanks again to everyonep
Negative 3262 pSo with regex in java, I want to write a regex that will match if and only if the pattern is not preceded by certain charachters. for examplep  precodeString s  foobar barbar beachbar crowbar bar  codepre  pI want to match if bar is not preceded by foo. so output would bep  precodebarbar beachbar crowbar bar codepre  pi know this is probably a very simple question. i am trying to learn regex, but in the meantime I need something to work now.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have spent some time reading wiki and Virtual Machines by James Smith and Ravi Nair.p  pI know that Virtualization is in laymans term enacting the behaviour or performance of something.p  pNow it so happens that I have to make a presentation on virtualization technology. I will have to implement a small working model also.p  pI am a decent Java coder with experience in C.NET, JSP, ASP.NET, Ruby, Perl and MSSql. Virtualization is very much new to me. Hence I dont know which tools to use, what material to referfor practicals and so on.p  pMy interest is anything that has a good codingknowledge requirement. I would love to do something in Java or C. Can anyone please suggest a project that can be achieved by a team of 2 in around two monthsp
Negative 3262 pI have made cron commands like go to sleep, open window, close window etc. to pop out with xmessage using its argument display. Usually display 0.0 produces the desired result but there are times when I use multiple X screens 0.1, 0.2.. and therefore I miss these messages.p  pIs there a way to find out which X session is active in like that user is viewing that session at that very momentp
Negative 3262 pI use the following PHP Session Shopping Cart its ready to usep  pa hrefhttppastebin.comvzJy6pkD relnofollowhttppastebin.comvzJy6pkDap  pnbspp  pExample of usagep  ol lipcart.phpactionaddampid1  Adding a new product in the cart with ID 1pli lipcart.phpactiondeleteampid1   Deleting a new product in the cart with ID 1pli lipcart.phpactionupdateampid1ampqty5   Updating the quantity of product with ID 1pli ol  pnbspp  pEverything is fine, but now I want to strongadd sizesstrong, something like cart.php actionaddampid1ampsizeXXXLp  pPlease help me, Im very confused how this can be donep
Negative 3262 pstrongBefore someone says this is a dupe, I looked at the other answers regarding super.super.method but the answer to this question is not there.strong p  pI work with a library that overloads a method in several levelsp  precodeclass Level0       public void sameName    class Level1 extends Level0       public void sameName            someActions           super.sameName         class Level2 extends Level1       public void sameName            someOtherActions           super.sameName        codepre  pSuppose I am writing class Level3 and I want to modify method sameName in Level2. However, the code in Level0, Level1 and Level2 is frozen and I cant change it. strongWhat is the best practice or at least sane approach when dealing with this situationstrongp  pThe natural way would be calling super.super.sameName but for obvious reasons, Java does not allow that. Am I stuck with having co copy Level2 and modifying it there What if I had to modify sameName in Level1p
Negative 3262 pI want the h1Current Locationh1 directly under Location in the inline list. What am I doing wrong I cant seem to not make it overflow. a hrefhttpjsfiddle.neth3twR5 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.neth3twR5ap
Negative 3262 pIf I have a column called Categories with say codescience,maths,englishcode in the row commaseparated as shown, how would I match all rows with the category containing codemathscodep  pIve tried a simple codeLIKEcode but it is not quite accurate as there may be pooscience which when searching for codesciencecode would match both.p  pIve looked around StackOverflow and there are plenty of similar questions but all seem to want to return data as a comma separated list or something  not quite what Im after.p  pId prefer not to use a stored procedure and cannot use fulltext searching. I have a stored procedure I used which added another character codecode around each value and then would search for codevalue...code is this too nasty Im after a little more simple method.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to let a user post an image on my website to an album on a specific facebookpage. Before hes able to select an image on his computer he needs to be logged in at facebook and must have given the needed rights to our application casual flowp  pFor posting the selected image to the album of our page we need an access token so we have the right permissions to do this. We can get the permissions by hand by doing the following stepsp  ol lipNavigate to the url below logged in as the admin of the page, and give the permissions userphotos,managepages,offlineaccess,publishstreamp  precodehttpswww.facebook.comdialogoauth clientidltapplicationidgt ampredirecturiltcanvasurlgt ampresponsetypetoken ampscopeuserphotos,managepages,offlineaccess,publishstream codepreli lipWhen you give the application the required permissions youll be redirected to canvasurlaccesstokenaccesstoken, for examplep  precodehttpexample.comaccesstokenawe12 codepreli lipThen navigate top  precodehttpsgraph.facebook.commeaccountsaccesstokenaccesstoken using the access token from 2.  codepre  pThis will list the pages you administer write down the accesstoken for the pages to which you want to upload the imagepli ol  pNow, is there a way to do this automagically Or better, is there a way to generate an accesstoken for this page, that will never expirep
Negative 3262 pSo imagine 2 big mysql tables imported from Excel.p  pTable1 has the field SNameID, and other fields describing SNameID Age, Size.p  pSNameID Age Sizep  pTable2 has the field TeacherID, and for each teacher there isare students SNameID and the describing fields Age, Size.p  pTeacherID SNameID Age Sizep  pThe idea is the Table2 has the TeacherID data and the relationship information this are his students. Its quite a bad architecture ... but I have to use both tables as they are further.p  pPlease tell me, when some change occurs in the Age andor Size in any of the table, can I make mysql automatically update the other table according to the SNameIDp  pThank you guys I just cant figure it out ... and its the problem in many of my tables ... All I need is a hint where or what to read  I can figure it our afterwards and will post a solution here as well.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to change some classes on dynamically generated DOM elements for a mobile web page. My usual method, the jquery codeoncode doesnt pick up the events properly.p  pNeither does codedelegatecode, my backup work.p  pIm using JQuery version httpcode.jquery.comjquery1.7.min.jsp
Negative 3262 pI have a normal form p  precodeltform actionmyfile.php methodpost enctypemulitpartformdatagt   ...   ltinput typefile classfileupload nameimages[1]gt ltformgt codepre  pand on the php side i am checking in codeFILEScode but i am getting nothing, but codeREQUESTcode which i never use can see the variable. I have been posting forms with files for years but never come across this error, any suggestionsp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to use a hrefhttpsgithub.comjdgMBProgressHUD relnofollowhttpsgithub.comjdgMBProgressHUDa in my iOS project. This has a specific method that I am trying to use, belowp  precode    Shows the HUD while a background task is executing in a new thread, then hides the HUD.     This method also takes care of NSAutoreleasePools so your method does not have to be concerned with setting up a   pool.     param method The method to be executed while the HUD is shown. This method will be executed in a new thread.   param target The object that the target method belongs to.   param object An optional object to be passed to the method.   param animated If set to YES the HUD will disappear using the current animationType. If set to NO the HUD will not use   animations while disappearing.    voidshowWhileExecutingSELmethod onTargetidtarget withObjectidobject animatedBOOLanimated codepre  pI would like to call a classstatic method from a Singleton in the background here. What do I pass as the target Ive tried just giving the class name and it gives me an error. p
Negative 3262 pHow can I open a book on iBooks I tried the following code, that works, but asks the user to choose an application to open the filep  precodeself.docController  [UIDocumentInteractionController alloc]  leaves only the file name NSString bookFile  mybook.pdf  NSArray paths  NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory, NSUserDomainMask, YES NSString documentsDirectory  [paths objectAtIndex 0]  NSString filePath  [documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponent bookFile]   Using the Book path self.docController  [UIDocumentInteractionController interactionControllerWithURL[NSURL fileURLWithPathfilePath]]   setting the delegate docController.delegate  self   open the menu only if we find a valid application that can   open the file BOOL isValid  [self.docController presentOpenInMenuFromRectCGRectZero inViewself.view animatedYES] codepre  pI want it to open directly on iBooks, without asking the user for this.p  pAny tipsp
Negative 3262 pI need to create a simple serverdaemon which just waits for commands, maybe queues them up, and executes other commands based on the received input. Here are more detailed requirementsp  ul liShould be in Python since I need to use some other Python code I wrote for it.li liNeeds to work on at least Linux and Windows Will be running as an init.d service on Linux and as a Windows Service on Windowsli liCommunication medium should be as simple as possible and hopefully commands can be sent to the server from a batch scriptli liCommands come from the same machine. Performance isnt important.li liInstallation on Windows including all the libraries needed to send a command to the server from a script should be simple. If everything can be wrapped into a single code.execode all the better.li ul  pWhats the best stack to use for this I have only a few vague ideasp  ul liCherryPy Windows doesnt have cURL though, ugh...li lidbus and windbus never used these before...li ul
Negative 3262 pI Have a web applicaton and now I want to improve it so it works in FireFox.  My problem is how to use XPath in a crossbrowser manner.p  pI have this scriptp  precodevar oXmlDoc  new ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLDOM         oXmlDoc.async  false         oXmlDoc.loadXMLdocument.getElementByIdMasterObj  txtMenu.value         var xmlNodes  oXmlDoc.documentElement.selectNodesFormGeneratorEntityGetMenu[TemplateID  obj.value  ]   var len  xmlNodes.length         for var i  0 i lt len i     alertxmlNodes.itemi.selectSingleNodeTitle.text  codepre  pAnd my xml string looks like thisp  precode ltFormGeneratorEntitygtltGetMenugtltTitlegtMyTitleltTitlegtltValgtMyValueltValgtltGetMenugtltFormGeneratorEntitygt codepre  pHow can I make this work in Firefoxp
Negative 3262 pHeres a minimal test casep  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt  int main  int argc , char argv           const char abc [15]  abcdefg0         printf sn , abc         return 0  codepre  pAnd you do codestrings testcode , you should see codeabcdefgcode , as its stored in read only area.p  pSo , whats the best way to prevent user from reading this string , with strings command , e.g I dont want users to know my SQL phrasep
Negative 3262 pI am creating an iPad app, in this I am dynamically creating the interface in the device, here is the code.p  precode voidsetUpInterface     UIScrollView scrollview  [[UIScrollView alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMake10, 10,self.view.frame.size.width20, self.view.frame.size.height20]         int y  0     for int i0 i lt [labelArray count] i          yy75         UILabel label  [[UILabel alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMake20, y, 500, 30]         label.text  [NSString stringWithFormat,[labelArray objectAtIndexi]]         label.backgroundColor  [UIColor clearColor]         label.autoresizingMask  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleTopMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleHeight  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleBottomMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleWidth         [scrollview addSubviewlabel]          UITextField textBox  [[UITextField alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMake200, y, 500, 30]         textBox.borderStyle  UITextBorderStyleRoundedRect         textBox.autoresizingMask  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleTopMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleHeight  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleBottomMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleWidth         [scrollview addSubviewtextBox]           scrollview.contentSize  CGSizeMakeself.view.frame.size.width100, y2     scrollview.backgroundColor  [UIColor scrollViewTexturedBackgroundColor]     scrollview.autoresizingMask  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleTopMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleHeight  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleBottomMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleWidth      [self.view addSubviewscrollview]   codepre  pAt the end when I click on a button I want to get the data entered in each text box separately. How can I implement that How to assign names to each objects Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pI am running the EXPORT WIZARD to a flat file on SQL Server 2008.p  pI am providing a query for this process which grabs data from a viewp  precodeSELECT [Full Date]       ,[Year Entered]       ,[Month Entered]       ,[Day Entered]       ,[DOW]       ,[Week Ending]       ,[Accession]       ,[Sales Rep]       ,[MLNPI]       ,[IMSNPI]       ,[IMS Specialty Primary Code]       ,[Specialty Primary Description]       ,[IMS Specialty Secondary Code]       ,[Specialty Secondary Description]       ,[IMS Specialty Tertiary Code]       ,[Specialty Tertiary Description]       ,[IMS Professional ID 1]       ,[Physician]       ,[Practice Code]       ,[MLIS Code]       ,[Practice Name]       ,[Date Established]       ,[Address]       ,[Address2]       ,[City]       ,[State]       ,[Status]       ,[order count]       ,[Order Comments]       ,[Release Status]   FROM [SalesDWH].[dbo].[BySpecimenWITHOUTLOMDATA]   where [Year Entered]2009 codepre  pI am getting these errorsp  precode Validating Error Messages Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Full Date 142 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column DOW 146 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Week Ending 147 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Accession 148 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Sales Rep 149 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column MLNPI 150 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column IMSNPI 151 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column IMS Specialty Primary Code 152 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Specialty Primary Description 153 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column IMS Specialty Secondary Code 154 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Specialty Secondary Description 155 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column IMS Specialty Tertiary Code 156 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Specialty Tertiary Description 157 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column IMS Professional ID 1 158 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Physician 159 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Practice Code 160 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column MLIS Code 161 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Practice Name 162 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Address 164 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Address2 165 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column City 166 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column State 167 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Status 168 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Order Comments 170 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc00470d4 Data Flow Task 1 The code page on input column Release Status 171 is 1252 and is required to be 65001.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc004706b Data Flow Task 1 component Destination  2009txt 106 failed validation and returned validation status VSISBROKEN.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc004700c Data Flow Task 1 One or more component failed validation.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Error 0xc0024107 Data Flow Task 1 There were errors during task validation.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard codepre  pDoes anyone know what I am doing wrong and how I can fix thisp  pI tried to wrap the columns in CASTp  precode Script for SelectTopNRows command from SSMS   SELECT cast [Full Date] as nvarchar as [Full Date], cast[Year Entered] as nvarchar as [Year Entered], cast[Month Entered] as nvarchar as [Month Entered], cast[Day Entered] as nvarchar as [Day Entered], cast[DOW] as nvarchar as [DOW], cast[Week Ending] as nvarchar as [Week Ending], cast[Accession] as nvarchar as [Accession], cast[Sales Rep] as nvarchar as [Sales Rep], cast[MLNPI] as nvarchar as [MLNPI], cast[IMSNPI] as nvarchar as [IMSNPI], cast[IMS Specialty Primary Code] as nvarchar as [IMS Specialty Primary Code], cast[Specialty Primary Description] as nvarchar as [Specialty Primary Description], cast[IMS Specialty Secondary Code] as nvarchar as [IMS Specialty Secondary Code], cast[Specialty Secondary Description] as nvarchar as [Specialty Secondary Description], cast[IMS Specialty Tertiary Code] as nvarchar as [IMS Specialty Tertiary Code], cast[Specialty Tertiary Description] as nvarchar as [Specialty Tertiary Description], cast[IMS Professional ID 1] as nvarchar as [IMS Professional ID 1], cast[Physician] as nvarchar as [Physician], cast[Practice Code] as nvarchar as [Practice Code], cast[MLIS Code] as nvarchar as [MLIS Code], cast[Practice Name] as nvarchar as [Practice Name], cast[Date Established] as nvarchar as [Date Established], cast[Address] as nvarchar as [Address], cast[Address2] as nvarchar as [Address2], cast[City] as nvarchar as [City], cast[State] as nvarchar as [State], cast[Status] as nvarchar as [Status], cast[order count] as nvarchar as [order count], cast[Order Comments] as nvarchar as [Order Comments], cast[Release Status] as nvarchar as [Release Status]     FROM [SalesDWH].[dbo].[BySpecimenWITHOUTLOMDATA]   where [Year Entered]2009 codepre  pand got error msgp  precode Setting Source Connection Error Messages Error 0xc0207016 Source  Query [1] There is a data source column with no name.  Each data source column must have a name.  SQL Server Import and Export Wizard  Exception from HRESULT 0xC0207016 Microsoft.SqlServer.DTSPipelineWrap codepre
Negative 3262 pIm new on work with linux. I want capture the ethernet packets above the device drivers layer.p  pI know that all the packets pass through  the functions devqueuexmit to transmit the packet to the upper layer and the function netfirx for recieving the packet.p  pHow can i hook this function to control the ethernet traffic p  pwhat should i work with to accomplish this taskp
Negative 3262 pi have 2 store, 1 for USD 2 for CAD p  pmy first store working fine, my 2nd store shows product value CAD when i send in paypal that time CAD value convert in USD, can you suggest me how to slove it i need when paypal goes its show CAD. p
Negative 3262 pWhile using codeivyretrievecode, it fails to resolve the dependency that should be downloaded. The output looks like thisp  precodeBuildfile CUsersSimonworkspaceapollobuild.xml init resolve  BUILD FAILED CUsersSimonworkspaceapollobuild.xml42 Problem failed to create task or type antliborg.apache.ivy.antretrieve Cause The name is undefined. Action Check the spelling. Action Check that any custom taskstypes have been declared. Action Check that any ltpresetdefgtltmacrodefgt declarations have taken place. No types or tasks have been defined in this namespace yet  This appears to be an antlib declaration.  Action Check that the implementing library exists in one of         CUsersSimoneclipsepluginsorg.apache.ant1.8.2.v201201091030lib         CUsersSimon.antlib         a directory added on the command line with the lib argument   Total time 348 milliseconds codepre  pThe relevant section of the codebuild.xmlcode looks like sop  precode  lttarget nameresolve dependsinitgt     ltivyretrieve patternlib[artifact][revision].[ext] synctrue gt   lttargetgt codepre  pHere is also a list of what it should be downloading from the codebuild.xmlcodep  precode  lttarget namedoc dependsbuildgt     ltjavadoc sourcepathsrc classpathreflibraries accessprivate destdirdoc windowtitleApollogt       ltdoclet nameorg.jboss.apiviz.APIviz pathreflibrariesgt         ltparam namesourceclasspath valuebin gt         ltparam nameauthor gt         ltparam nameversion gt         ltparam nameuse gt         ltparam namenopackagediagram gt       ltdocletgt       ltdoctitlegtlt[CDATA[lth1gtApollolth1gt]]gtltdoctitlegt       ltlink hrefhttpdownload.oracle.comjavase6docsapi gt       ltlink hrefhttpdocs.jboss.orgnetty3.2api gt       ltlink hrefhttpguavalibraries.googlecode.comsvntrunkjavadoc gt       ltlink hrefhttpwww.junit.orgapidocs gt       ltlink hrefhttpcommons.apache.orgcompressapidocs gt       ltlink hrefhttpjruby.orgapidocs gt     ltjavadocgt   lttargetgt codepre
Negative 3262 pIm working on a site using css3 animations, it works perfectly in Safari and Firefox, but for some reason performance in Chrome is awful. around 15 fpsp  pa hrefhttptripletested.comanimations relnofollowhttptripletested.comanimationsap  pThe animations are quite simple, basically a few large circles layered up. Ive also added a few png sprite animations using javascript.p  pI know about hardware acceleration but I dont think that is the problem, it seems to be some quirk that is unique to Chrome. The css animations perform OK alone but once I add the sprites performance drops considerably. p  precode    .fn.spriteme  functionoptions          var settings  .extend framerate 30 , options                  return this.eachfunction             var el   this,                     curframe  0,                     width  settings.width,                     fr  1000settings.framerate               function animloop                 ifcurframe  settings.frames  curframe  0                     el.cssbackgroundposition, curframewidth1   px center                 curframe                 setTimeout animloop, fr                                         codepre  pThis is the code Ive wrote to animate my sprites, but as I said it performs perfect in Safari and Firefox so I dont think its the problem. Chrome seems to have an issue with animating using css alongside sprites.p  pIve tried everything I can find online but if anyone has any suggestions please let me know.p  pIm using the latest stable chrome on mac btw 17.0.963.93p  pYou can see the css using less here btw a hrefhttptripletested.comanimationscssstyle.less relnofollowhttptripletested.comanimationscssstyle.lessap
Negative 3262 pI have an EC2 machine with ubuntu installed. I sort of messed up my apache configuration when I was trying to set up svn, so am having issues with apache. I want a fresh install of my machine with the same version of ubuntu. Is there any way to do that with the aws console other than creating a new ec2 machinep
Negative 3262 pI have a page which has codedocument.body.onloadfunction...code but this is suffering delays because the document also contains external codeltimggtcode tags etc codeonloadcode seems to be only getting fired after these external sites have delivered some kind of response.p  pI put the code in codeonloadcode because I thought the DOM tree wasnt fully available until then e.g. document.getElementByIdx might return null if it is called too soon.p  pIs there an event which triggers after everything in the DOM is accessible, but before everything has been loadedp
Negative 3262 precodeclass Silly     property     def sillyself         This is a silly property         printYou are getting silly         return self.silly      silly.setter     def sillyself, value         printYou are making silly .formatvalue         self.silly  value      silly.deleter     def sillyself         printWhoah, you killed silly         del self.silly  s  Silly s.silly  funny value  s.silly del s.silly codepre  pBut it does not print You are getting silly, You are making silly funny,... as expected. Dont know why. Can you have me figure out, folksp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pIn my logging messages, I need to insert the name of the method where the messages were produced. Ive looked at Log4J documentation and M and l conversion chars that also have warning like WARNING Generating caller location information is extremely slow and should be avoided unless execution speed is not an issue. So I have at least two optionsp  ol liUse these chars but slow down my codeli liManually insert method name into messages, i.e. something like this codelog.infomyMethod  messagecode which will be faster but not as elegantli ol  pAre there any other options that would not slow down my codep  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have a codeTreeViewcode that maps and populates all the folders in a directory, Im passing in the variable codevirtualPathcodep  pIs there is any function or property that can tell me if the directory is blocked or not blocked So that I can show a message to the user saying that he does not have privileges to access the directory.p  precodeString[] directories ListdirectoriesvirtualPath.ToString  foreach string directory in directories      node  new RadTreeNodePath.GetDirectoryNamedirectory .ToString     node.Value  virtualPath    Path.GetFileNamedirectory .ToString     parentNode.Nodes.Addnode  codepre
Negative 3262 pstrongExample codestrongp  precodeint main      stdvectorltintgt v11, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10     stdcout ltlt Printing v1 ltlt stdendl     printv1     stdvectorltintgt v2stdmakemoveiteratorv1.begin,                          stdmakemoveiteratorv1.end     stdcout ltlt Printing v1 ltlt stdendl     printv1     stdcout ltlt Printing v2 ltlt stdendl     printv2      stdvectorltstdstringgt v3some, stuff, to,                         put, in, the, strings     stdcout ltlt Printing v3 ltlt stdendl     printv3     stdvectorltstdstringgt v4stdmakemoveiteratorv3.begin,                                  stdmakemoveiteratorv3.end     stdcout ltlt Printing v3 ltlt stdendl     printv3     stdcout ltlt Printing v4 ltlt stdendl     printv4  codepre  pstrongOutputstrongp  precodePrinting v1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Printing v1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Printing v2 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Printing v3 some stuff to put in the strings Printing v3  Printing v4 some stuff to put in the strings codepre  pstrongQuestionsstrongp  ol lipSince move operations on primitive types is just a copy, can I assume that codev1code will be left unchanged or is the state unspecified even with primitive typespli lipIm assuming the reason why primitive types dont have move semantics is because copying is just as fast or even faster, is this correctpli ol
Negative 3262 pI have derived class from BindingList and ISerializable interface. I want to binary serialize this class but I am not able to serialize its items.p  pSample codep  precode    [Serializable]     sealed class SomeData  ISerializable               private string name          public SomeDatastring name                      this.name  name                   private SomeDataSerializationInfo info, StreamingContext ctxt                      name  info.GetStringName                   public void GetObjectDataSerializationInfo info, StreamingContext context                      info.AddValueName, name                    [Serializable]     class MyList  BindingListltSomeDatagt, ISerializable              public MyList                            private MyListSerializationInfo info, StreamingContext ctxt                      ListltSomeDatagtthis.Items.AddRangeListltSomeDatagtinfo.GetValueItems, typeofListltSomeDatagt                   public void GetObjectDataSerializationInfo info, StreamingContext context                      info.AddValueItems, ListltSomeDatagtthis.Items               codepre  pNow when I try to serialize it. For example like thisp  precode        MyList testList  new MyList         testList.Addnew SomeDatafirst         testList.Addnew SomeDatasecond         testList.Addnew SomeDatathird          MemoryStream stream  new MemoryStream         BinaryFormatter formatter  new BinaryFormatter          formatter.Serializestream, testList         stream.Seek0, SeekOrigin.Begin          MyList deTestList  MyListformatter.Deserializestream codepre  pdeTestList contains 3 items of null.p  pstrongEditedstrongp  pSomebody found out that it works with this MyList constructorp  precode        private MyListSerializationInfo info, StreamingContext ctxt               baseListltSomeDatagtinfo.GetValueItems, typeofListltSomeDatagt                    codepre  pNow deTestList cointains correct data.p  pBut when I try thisp  precode        private MyListSerializationInfo info, StreamingContext ctxt               baseListltSomeDatagtinfo.GetValueItems, typeofListltSomeDatagt                      ListltSomeDatagtthis.Items.AddRangeListltSomeDatagtinfo.GetValueItems, typeofListltSomeDatagt          codepre  pdeTestList contains 6 items of null. I dont understand it.p
Negative 3262 pI admit it  dates always stump mep  pI have a view of all invoices, with several date fields.  Id like a way to filter by any of the date fields by Month, Year or Fiscal Year.  Im assuming I need to create scope filters in the model, then a search form on my view  And I dont know how to figure out Fiscal Year, either.  I need specific help...p  precodelth4gtAll Pending Invoiceslth4gt ltpgt  lttablegt   lttrgt     ltth classsortablegtIDltthgt     ltth classsortablegtAP Clerkltthgt     ltth classsortablegtPO ltthgt     ltth classsortablegtInvoice ltthgt     ltth classsortablegtInvoice Dateltthgt     ltth classsortablegtDate Receivedltthgt     ltth classsortablegtDate Enteredltthgt     ltth classsortablegtDate Closedltthgt     ltth classsortablegtApproval Stateltthgt     ltth classsortablegtPending Stateltthgt     ltth classsortablegtDivisionltthgt   lttrgt  lt invoices.each do invoice gt   lttrgt     lttdgtlt invoice.id gtlttdgt     lttdgtlt invoice.clerk.fullname gtlttdgt     lttdgtlt linktoinvoice.ponumber, controller gt invoices, action gt admininvoicedetails, id gt invoice gtlttdgt     lttdgtlt invoice.invoicenumber gtlttdgt     lttdgtlt invoice.invoicedate.strftimemdY gtlttdgt     lttdgtlt invoice.datereceived.strftimemdY gtlttdgt     lttdgtlt invoice.createdat.strftimemdY gtlttdgt     lttdgtlt invoice.dateapproved.strftimemdY if invoice.dateapproved gtlttdgt     lttdgtlt invoice.state.state gtlttdgt     lttdgtlt imagetaginvoice.pendingstate.imagefile gtlttdgt     lttdgtlt invoice.division.division gtlttdgt   lttrgt lt end gt lttablegt codepre  pEdited to ask for javascript help with the above.  Can anyone point me in the right direction  I have no js knowledge...  Thanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pI wrote this countdown timer, and it works in everything but IE. I get the restricted website from running scripts. But when I click that it is ok , the script doesnt run.p  pIs there a proper way to set up a javascript script to run after the pause for user ok Or is there a way to write it so it works for IE also.p  pI am not sending anything via innerHTML as code just numbers so I dont see that as the problem, and I rewrote it using the jQuery .html function with the same results...p  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt lttitlegtJQuery Countdowwn Timerlttitlegt ltstyle typetextcssgt spandays    fontsize20px                 color900                   fontweight900   spanhours    fontsize20px                 color903                 fontweight900  spanmin    fontsize20px                 color906                 fontweight900  spansec    fontsize20px                 color909                 fontweight900  spandate fontsize22px fontweight900                 color900     spanmar fontsize22px fontweight900 color03F  ltstylegt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt function theTimer  var putdaydocument.getElementByIddays var puthourdocument.getElementByIdhours var putmin document.getElementByIdmin var putsecdocument.getElementByIdsec  var marathonnew Date2012,3,22,10,0,0,0 var marathonCountmarathon.getTime var nowishDate.now var difmarathonCountnowish  var daysMath.floordif2460601000 difdifdays2460601000 var hoursMath.floordif60601000  difdifhours60601000 var minutesMath.floordif601000 difdifminutes601000 var secondsMath.floordif1000  putday.innerHTMLthis stuffF  putday.innerHTMLdays puthour.innerHTMLhours putmin.innerHTMLminutes putsec.innerHTMLseconds  var counter  setTimeouttheTimer, 1000  ltscriptgt ltheadgt  ltbody onloadtheTimergt lta href  styletextdecorationnonegt ltcentergt ltp idmarathongtThere are ltspan iddaysgtltspangt days, ltspan idhoursgtltspangt hours, ltspan idmingtltspangt minutes, and ltspan idsecgtltspangt seconds left ltpgt ltcentergt ltcentergt ltp idmarathongttill the beginning of the Next ltspan idmargtMarathonltspangt on ltspan iddategtApril 22, 2012.ltspangtltpgt ltcentergt ltagt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 3262 pAfter Googling for awhile I didnt see an answer.  Anyway I have a situation in a stored procedure where I do a set select likep  precodeSET someVariable  SELECT ... codepre  pAnyway, due to some redundant records existing somewhere else in the system, this SELECT query used in the SET returns more than one row.  Im guessing this will cause breakage or badness  True, falsep  pThanks.p
Negative 3262 pI want to create a UIButton that moves random on screen after pressed it. I want to use the animation with blocks. How do thisp
Negative 3262 pI have the following problem. When I click the button Enviar, this calls another method that is associated to a selectOneMenu in the attribute valueChangeListener called validarSelect, and later, calls the method that this button has associated in the attribute actionListener called validarBoton. I wonder, why this happens. I expect the codevalueChangeListenercode to be not called since I have not changed the dropdown.p  pThis is my page JSFp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingwindows1252gt ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt  ltfview xmlnsfhttpjava.sun.comjsfcore xmlnshhttpjava.sun.comjsfhtmlgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt     lthheadgtlthheadgt     lthbodygt         lthformgt             lthcommandButton valueEnviar... idvalidar actionListenerDomiciliacion.validarBotongt             lthselectOneMenu valueChangeListenerDomiciliacion.validarSelect                              bindingDomiciliacion.selectCombogt                 ltfselectItems valueDomiciliacion.listagt                 ltfajax eventvalueChange renderthisgt             lthselectOneMenugt         lthformgt     lthbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pp  pAnd this, is the ManagedBeanp  precodepackage domiciliaciontest  import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.List  import javax.faces.bean.ManagedBean import javax.faces.bean.ViewScoped import javax.faces.component.html.HtmlSelectOneMenu import javax.faces.event.ActionEvent import javax.faces.event.ValueChangeEvent  ManagedBeanname  Domiciliacion ViewScoped  public class MB0001    private HtmlSelectOneMenu selectCombo private ListltStringgt lista  new ArrayListltStringgt  public MB0001      super     System.out.printlnEntro al constructor...     lista.addCaracas     lista.addBogota     lista.addSantiago    public void validarBotonActionEvent actionEvent      System.out.printlnEntro a validarBoton...      Add event code here...   public void validarSelectValueChangeEvent valueChangeEvent       Add event code here...     System.out.printlnEntro a validarSelect...   public void setSelectComboHtmlSelectOneMenu selectCombo      this.selectCombo  selectCombo   public HtmlSelectOneMenu getSelectCombo      return selectCombo   public void setListaListltStringgt lista      this.lista  lista   public ListltStringgt getLista      return lista   codepre  pthis is the output when I click the button Enviarp  ul liEntro a validarSelect...li liEntro a validarBoton...li ul
Negative 3262 pWhen using ssh forwarding Im able to commit with cvs and ftp against a remote server. Is it possible to let the server initiate a request against my machine  I would like the web application on the server to call a REST method on my machine.p  pThanks. Nikolaj G.p
Negative 3262 pI have a webpage built using ASP.NET with a list of text files. I want users to be able to click on a file and have it open using the default text editor.p  pIt is expected that users already have the file in question, I really just have to open it.p  pemEDITem Only need to support Windows amp Firefox amp Chrome at the moment.p
Negative 3262 pThis might sound strange at first but its rather simple. I have a wcf webservice restful in this service I have set some generic user fields and one of the fields which I have set is the userID to increment every time a user is added. All pretty simple stuff.p  pI then have a consuming wpf application. For each of the users mentioned above in my webservice I dynamically set out content to hold each of those users in my wpf application which is done on button click, this then loads the content area with groupboxs and textblocks neatly arranged again pretty simple. The containers I hold them in are GroupBox.Header which holds the userID and Textblock which equals the students first name and last name. p  pLike sop  precodeprivate void button1Clickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e                       if string.IsNullOrEmptytextBox1.Text                              PanelMainContent.Children.Clear                 MainArea1.Children.Clear                 string uriGroups  httplocalhost8000ServiceStudent                 XDocument xDoc  XDocument.LoaduriGroups                 var sortedXdoc  xDoc.DescendantsStudent                                .OrderByDescendingx gt Convert.ToDateTimex.ElementTimeAdded.Value                 foreach var node in xDoc.DescendantsStudent.OrderByDescendingx gt Convert.ToDateTimex.ElementTimeAdded.Value                                       GroupBox groupbox  new GroupBox                     groupbox.Header  String.Formatnode.ElementStudentID.Value                     App.Current.Properties[groupboxHeader]  groupbox.Header                     groupbox.Width  100                     groupbox.Height  100                     groupbox.Margin  new Thickness1                      Button btnFindStudent  new Button                     btnFindStudent.Click  this.btnGeneralClick                     btnFindStudent.Name  Convert.ToStringbtnViewStudent                     btnFindStudent.Tag  Convert.ToStringViewStudent                     btnFindStudent.Content  Convert.ToStringView                     btnFindStudent.HorizontalAlignment  HorizontalAlignment.Right                     btnFindStudent.Height  20                     btnFindStudent.Width  36                      TextBlock textBlock  new TextBlock                     textBlock.Text  String.Formatnode.ElementFirstName.Value     node.ElementLastName.Value                     textBlock.TextAlignment  TextAlignment.Center                      TextBlock textBlock1  new TextBlock                     textBlock1.Text  DateTime.Parsenode.ElementTimeAdded.Value.ToStringd                     String.Format0dMyyyy, DateTime.Parsenode.ElementTimeAdded.Value                     textBlock1.TextAlignment  TextAlignment.Center                     textBlock1.VerticalAlignment  VerticalAlignment.Bottom                      StackPanel stackPanel  new StackPanel                     stackPanel.Children.Addgroupbox                     stackPanel.Children.AddbtnFindStudent                     stackPanel.Children.AddtextBlock                     stackPanel.Children.AddtextBlock1                     stackPanel.Margin  new Thickness5                     stackPanel.MouseEnter  new MouseEventHandlerstackpanelMouseEnter                     stackPanel.MouseLeave  new MouseEventHandlerstackpanelMouseLeave                     MainArea1.Children.AddstackPanel                               codepre  pAnd the output looks like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqG1fc.jpg altenter image description herep  pNotice the codeGroupBox.headercode states the UserID. p  pSo this brings me to the problem... if you notice in the image I also dynamically set a button code above. This button loads a usercontrol applie named codeThisUsercode  but the problem I am having is being able top  blockquote   p1 First get GroupBox.HeaderUserID of the currently clicked   student SOLVED by Darins answer belowp      p2 Send that UserID to the usercontrol ThisUserp blockquote  pstrongTo explain question 1strongp  pLooking at the code above is there a way in which I can Get the groubox.header of that user who has been clicked view button in the image of my app p  pstrongAnd for question 2strongp  pSomehow send from my current app to the usercontrol ThisUser or make available for the usercontrol to then consume. p  pI hope this has been nice and clear and layed out well to provide the best possible answer, if there is anything else you wish to know code, explanation please dont hesitate to ask. p  pCode to send data on btnGeneralClick view buttonp  precode    public FindStudent              InitializeComponent          private void btnGeneralClickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e               ViewStudent myusercontrol  new ViewStudent         String id  StringButtonsender.Tag         myusercontrol.StudentID  id         PanelMainContent.Children.Addmyusercontrol       codepre  pUserControlp  precodepublic partial class ViewStudent  UserControl       public ViewStudent              InitializeComponent           private string studentID      public string StudentID              get                      return studentID                  set                      studentID  value                   protected override void OnInitializedEventArgs e              base.OnInitializede         groupBox1.Header  StudentID         or         textBlock1.Text  StudentID       codepre
Negative 3262 pHi i am using UIPageViewController in ios 5, for example im having 10 pages in that i want to switch to 8th page from 2nd page means how can i implement this functionalities in UIPageViewController, please anyone help me to get out of this issue..p  pThanks in Advance.p
Negative 3262 pIm a beginner ror programmer with a macbook air. ive just managed to upgrade my leopard to Lion. Downloaded codex 10.7 and macport and also RVM. The thing im trying to do now is to update my ruby from 1.8.7 to 1.9.3 but this is what i gotp  pI typed out rvm install ruby1.9.2p318 p  pAnnieTungsMacBookAir annietung rvm install ruby1.9.2p318 Fetching yaml0.1.4.tar.gz to Usersannietung.rvmarchives Extracting yaml0.1.4.tar.gz to Usersannietung.rvmsrc Configuring yaml in Usersannietung.rvmsrcyaml0.1.4. Error running  .configure prefixUsersannietung.rvmusr , please read Usersannietung.rvmlogruby1.9.2p318yamlconfigure.log Compiling yaml in Usersannietung.rvmsrcyaml0.1.4. Error running make , please read Usersannietung.rvmlogruby1.9.2p318yamlmake.log Database file Usersannietung.rvmconfigpackages does not exist. Installing Ruby from source to Usersannietung.rvmrubiesruby1.9.2p318, this may take a while depending on your cpus... ruby1.9.2p318  fetching ruby1.9.2p318  extracted to Usersannietung.rvmsrcruby1.9.2p318 already extracted ruby1.9.2p318  configuring Error running  .configure prefixUsersannietung.rvmrubiesruby1.9.2p318 enableshared disableinstalldoc withlibyaml withoptdirUsersannietung.rvmusr , please read Usersannietung.rvmlogruby1.9.2p318configure.log There has been an error while running configure. Halting the installation. ls Usersannietung.rvmrubiesbinruby No such file or directory AnnieTungsMacBookAir annietungp
Negative 3262 pi am using asp.net ,in my gridview when i delete any row using delete command button and my grid in update panel so it is deleted and doesnt appear but when i click back in browser i found the deleted row  ,so how to make the previous page in browser updated as the current page after deletingp  pstrongQUESTIONstrong how to avoid that without prevent caching is there another wayp
Negative 3262 pI get the Error p  blockquote   pA potentially dangerous Request.Form value was detected from the   client wresult blockquote  pIve used WIF in my .NET 4.0 website, and use p  precodelthttpRuntime requestValidationTypeNamespace.FederatedRequestValidatorgt codepre  pwhich allows me to deal with the validation, and have no issues.p  pI now want to use WIF in my .NET 3.5 application in VS 2008, but the above config is not valid, and .NET 3.5 doesnt seem to have codeSystem.Web.Util.FederatedRequestValidatorcodep  pHow can I get around this error, preferable without turning validation off. If I need to turn validation off, whats the best way to achieve this in VS 2008 .NET 3.5p
Negative 3262 pThis has got to be simple one, but I am having issues finding it.p  pI have a gridview which I am yanking the ObjectDataSource from and putting all the data connections in the code behind.  So now I have to manually write all the things that the Datasource handled for me Man it does handle a lot for you.p  pSo on my rowEditing event, I need to be able to display the EditItemTemplate.  Any Ideasp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have two files, namely game.py and map.py. The following simplified code resides in themp  precodefrom PyQt4.QtGui import  from PyQt4.QtCore import   from datetime import   from map import   class Game      Scene  QGraphicsScene     View  QGraphicsView       staticmethod     def start         Game.App  QApplicationsys.argv                Game.SceneQGraphicsScene              Game.Scene.setBackgroundBrushQBrushQColorQt.green          Game.ViewQGraphicsViewGame.Scene         print Game         mapMap          Game.App.exec  if namemain     Game.start codepre  pand file map.pyp  precodefrom PyQt4.QtCore import  from PyQt4.QtGui import  from game import  class MapQObject     def initself,parentNone         superMap,self.initparent         print Game         vGame.View         print v         v.setWindowTitlesth codepre  pRunning game.py results inp  precodemain.Game game.Game ltclass PyQt4.QtGui.QGraphicsViewgt Traceback most recent call last   File homeabiusxworkspaceborjtrunkgame.py, line 119, in ltmodulegt     Game.start   File homeabiusxworkspaceborjtrunkgame.py, line 66, in start     mapMap   File homeabiusxworkspaceborjtrunkmap.py, line 16, in init     v.setWindowTitleasb TypeError QWidget.setWindowTitleQString first argument of unbound method must have type QWidget codepre  pThe problem is, the code in map.py that references Game.View, detects it as a class as defined in class body but not what is overwritted on it an actual instance. Also Game is known as strongmainstrong.Game in game.py but as game.Game in map.pyp  pCould anyone help mep
Negative 3262 pI have an App registers for location updates, running tests, sometime when I enter a region while the app is in the background I receive a alarm notification with sound. sometime I only see the notification in notification center, and i did not receive any sound and alert...  What can you do to always get the sound and the alert notification p  pthis is what i have in my viewp  precode UILocalNotification localNotif  [[UILocalNotification alloc] init]  localNotif.fireDate              nil  localNotif.hasAction             YES  localNotif.alertBody             fbName  localNotif.alertAction           View  localNotif.soundName             UILocalNotificationDefaultSoundName  [[UIApplication sharedApplication]presentLocalNotificationNowlocalNotif] codepre  pand this is the app delegatep  precode voidapplicationUIApplication application didReceiveLocalNotification UILocalNotification notification  if notification       UIAlertView alertView  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitleAlert                                                     messagenotification.alertBody                                                    delegateself cancelButtonTitleOK                                           otherButtonTitlesnil]       [alertView show]       BOOLapplicationUIApplication application didFinishLaunchingWithOptionsNSDictionary launchOptions codepre  pp  precodefacebook  [[Facebook alloc] initWithAppIdkAppId andDelegateself]  UILocalNotification notification  [launchOptions objectForKeyUIApplicationLaunchOptionsLocalNotificationKey]  if notification       UIAlertView alertView  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitleAlert                                                         messagenotification.alertBody                                                        delegateself cancelButtonTitleOK                                               otherButtonTitlesnil]       [alertView show]      return YES  codepre
Negative 3262 pDo there exist comprehensive regular expressions that, when applied to JavaScript source code, will match all valid string literals such as codesay Hellocode and regex literals such as codeandorcode The expressions would have to cover all edge cases, including line breaks and escape sequences.p  pAlternatively, does anyone know of regexes for matching patterns emoutsideem of string and regex literalsp  pMy goal is to implement a simple JavaScript syntax extension that allows macros in delimeters e.g. codefoo.barcode or codefoo.barcode to be expanded by a preprocessor. However, Id like the macros to be processed only emoutsideem of literals.p  pFor now, Im trying to accomplish this using just string replacement, without having to augment an existing JavaScript lexerparser.p  pThis JavaScript preprocessor will itself be implemented in JavaScript.p
Negative 3262 pI have this as part of my layoutp  precodeltLinearLayout      androidlayoutwidthfillparent      androidlayoutheight0dip     androidorientationhorizontal     androidlayoutweight0.15gt          ltTextView              androidididquestiontext             androidlayoutwidth0dip             androidlayoutheightfillparent gt          ltTextView             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutgravityright             androidtextstringscorelabel gt          ltTextView             androidididscoretext             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutgravityright gt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pThe first codeTextViewcode is empty at the beginning of the application. Its content is changed dynamically. This makes it occupy zero space so that the second codeTextViewcode is aligned to the left, even though its codelayoutgravitycode is set to coderightcode.p  pstrongHow can I make it occupy a fixed width, without taking the contents into accountstrongbr I thought about using codelayoutweightcode, but I know the recommendation is against using nested weights the parent codeViewGroupcode has a codelayoutweightcode attribute. Maybe I should use a codeRelativeLayoutcodep  pThanks for any suggestions.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to create a Tanks game but am still learning how to do graphics programming in Java. I had initially tried moving one of two images which one depends on which player is going with KeyListeners. I was told that Key Bindings might be a more effective way of going about this. Here is some of my codep  precode    public class FrameMain extends JFrame     ...         public FrameMain             this.addBindings codepre  pThe addBindings methodp  precode    protected void addBindings         InputMap inputMap  pnlPlay.getInputMap                KeyStroke key  KeyStroke.getKeyStrokeKeyEvent.VKRIGHT, Event.KEYPRESS        inputMap.putkey, pnlPlay.pnlGame.MoveTank2, pnlPlay.nPlayer         key  KeyStroke.getKeyStrokeKeyEvent.VKLEFT, Event.KEYPRESS           inputMap.putkey, pnlPlay.pnlGame.MoveTank2, pnlPlay.nPlayer  codepre  pThe MoveTank methodp  precode    public int MoveTankint xChange, int nPlayer         System.out.printlnmove nPlayer         ifnPlayer0            tank1.xxChange        else tank2.xxChange         repaint        return 1  codepre  pThe problem Im having is that, when I press either the right or left arrow key, I am not getting any kind of response. It should be printing move  but its not. If anyone knows what I have done wrong or could point me in the direction of some code that does the same thing I would appreciate it. I learn best from seeing the code in working order and then playing around with it.p
Negative 3262 pI wanna plot a 3D points cloud  say 100000 points in Java, being able to drag and rotate it and select one of the plotted 3D points and get x,y,z of it by clicking on it. I am concerned about the continuation of support for java3D and at the same time I see that java3D is still a bigger community and a lot more active than JMonkey3 which is the stable version of jme3. I wanna deploy it as an applet too.p  pWhat technology should I choosep
Negative 3262 precode.comment.hide2000 codepre  pThis fades hides the class comment after two seconds. Is there an easy way to prevent a div with class comment from fading by adding an extra classp  precodeltdiv classcommentgtThis text hidesltdivgt ltdiv classcomment nohidegtThis text should not hideltdivgt codepre  pAdding the nohide class didnt prevent it from hiding. Ill probably end up creating a new class, but thought Id ask.p
Negative 3262 pIs there any way to convert the string into an array of objects of different data types, according to multiple format specifiersp  pI have tried codeinitWithFormatargumentscode but Im not getting the expected results. There is a similar function in Python in the codestructcode module, codeunpackfmt,Stringcode, where codefmtcode is a format specifier string and codeStringcode is the string to be converted. p
Negative 3262 pI have a final coming up and one of the points my professor stressed was ComboBoxes. I already finished a homework assignment, which I also posted as a question through here and I understand it. He wants us to follow this pattern a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10458587comboboxcodecorrectComboBox code correcta.p  pNow, I started looking through other problems for own practice and I ran into some trouble. It is kind of like my homework assignment but with more to it. The question  p  blockquote   pA university has the following dormitoriesp      ul   liAllan Hall 1,500 per semesterli   liPike Hall 1,600 per semesterli   liFathering Hall 1,200 per semesterli   liUniversity Suites 1,800li   ul      pThe university also offers the following meal plansp      ul   li7 meals per week 560 pr semesterli   li14 meals per week  1,095li   liUnlimited meals 1,800 per semesterli   ul      pCreate an application with 2 codeComboBoxcodees. One should hold the names of the dorms and   the other should hold the meal plans. The user should select a dorm and a meal plan    and the application should show the total charges.p blockquote  pI started to write some code, but Im not sure how to put two combo boxes one right after the other, and then how to create an Calculate button with a separate codeActionListenercode for that, as well.p  pHere is the code I know its a mess. Can anyone show me how to write this correctly I just want to be prepared. Please bear with me and thank you for your patience and help. My code Ill put 4 codecode on parts of the code where the compiler came up redp  precodeimport java.awt. import java.awt.event.ActionEvent import java.awt.event.ActionListener import javax.swing.  public class DormAndMealPlanCalc extends JFrame        private JPanel dormPanel     private JPanel selectedDormPanel     private JComboBox DormBox     private JLabel label     private JTextField selectedDorm       private String[] dorm  Allen Hall 1,500 per semester,Pike Hall 1,100 per      semester,Fathering Hall 1,200 per semester,Universty Suites 1,800      public void ComboBoxWindow1               superDorm plan wrong placement          setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE          setLayoutnew BorderLayout          buildDormPanel         buildSelectedDormPanel Variable error          adddormPanel,BorderLayout.CENTER         addselectedDormPanel, BorderLayout.SOUTH          pack         setVisibletrue           private void buildDormPanel              dormPanel  new JPanel          DormBox  new JComboBoxdorm         DormBox.addActionListenernew ComboBoxListener         dormPanel.addDormBox           private void buildSelectedDormPanel               selectedDormPanel  new JPanel          label  new JLabelYou selected           selectedDorm  new JTextField10         selectedDorm.setEditablefalse          selectedDormPanel.addlabel         selectedDormPanel.addselectedDorm           private class ComboBoxListener implements ActionListener              public void actionPerformedActionEvent e                      String selection  String DormBox.getSelectedItem             selectedDorm.setTextselection                    public void mainString[] args              new ComboBoxWindow2         private JPanel mealPanel private JPanel selectedMealPanel private JComboBox MealBox private JLabel label1 private JTextField selectedMeal private JButton calcbutton  private String[] Meal  7 meals per week 560 per semester,14 meals per week  1,095 per semester,Unlimited meals 1,500 per semester  public void ComboBoxWindow       superMeal plan      setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE      setLayoutnew BorderLayout      buildMealPanel     BuildselectedMealPanel variable problem      addmealPanel,BorderLayout.CENTER     addselectedMealPanel, BorderLayout.SOUTH      pack     setVisibletrue   private void buildMealPanel      mealPanel  new JPanel      MealBox  new JComboBoxmeal     MealBox.addActionListenernew ComboBoxListener     mealPanel.addMealBox     calcbutton  new JButtonCalculate syntaxtoken error  calacbutton.addActionListenernew calcbuttonListener   private void buildSelectedMealPanel       selectedMealPanel  new JPanel      label  new JLabelYou selected       selectedMeal  new JTextField10     selectedMeal.setEditablefalse      selectedMealPanel.addlabel     selectedMealPanel.addselectedDorm   private class ComboBoxListener1 implements ActionListener      public void actionPerformedActionEvent e              String str         String selection  String DormBox.getSelectedItem         selectedDorm.setTextselection         JOptionPane.showMessageDialogTotal is  dorm  meal argument error       codepre
Negative 3262 pI would like to split a string into fixedlength emNem, for example pieces. Of course, last piece could be shorter, if original strings length is not multiple of emNem.p  pI need the fastest method to do it, but also the simplest to write. The way I have been doing it until now is the followingp  precodevar a  aaaabbbbccccee var b  [] forvar i  4 i lt a.length i  4  length 4, for example     b.pusha.slicei4, i  b.pusha.slicea.length  4  a.length  4  last fragment codepre  pI think there must be a better way to do what I want. But I dont want extra modules or libraries, just simple JavaScript if its possible.p  pBefore ask, I have seen some solutions to resolve this problem using other languages, but they are not designed with JavaScript in mind.p
Negative 3262 pI would like to upload my web directory to google code for a project.p  pWhat is the terminal command that I would use to upload my directory to google code p
Negative 3262 pI am using a ListView with a GridView as the View. I am using a TextBlock in the cell template. I want the text alignment to match the column header  I guess it involves some kind of binding using FindAncestor, but Im not quite sure how to get this to work. I may end wrapping the text block up in a custom control along with other things and Id like to include the inheritance behaviour in the custom control so I dont have to keep repeating it.p  precodeltGridViewColumn Width140 HeaderCreatorgt   ltGridViewColumn.HeaderContainerStylegt     ltStyle TargetTypexType GridViewColumnHeadergt        ltSetter PropertyTextElement.FontSize Value11 gt        ltSetter PropertyHorizontalContentAlignment ValueRightgt        ltSetter PropertyHeight Value16 gt     ltStylegt   ltGridViewColumn.HeaderContainerStylegt   ltGridViewColumn.CellTemplategt     ltDataTemplategt       ltTextBlock Margin6, 0 TextAlignmentBinding  TextBinding Creatorgt     ltDataTemplategt  ltGridViewColumn.CellTemplategt ltGridViewColumngt codepre
Negative 3262 pYesterday I successfully got my flash project to log in with the facebook as3 api. Today I tried using the application again, and now its not working. I didnt change any code... Does anyone know how I should approach debugging this or has this happened to anyone else p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI confess Im having a really bad time here. p  pI have a C program that reads a txt file and uploads to a database.p  pIt works fine if you enter data directly into TextEdit. It does not work fine if you create data in Microsoft Word and copy it across. The major issue is how the codenewlinecode works, although the MySQL calls get messed up too because of hidden characters.p  pIve been mucking about with hex checks and codercode but there is chaos data in there. When I print a hex dump, the terminal output does predictably crazy things like jumping back a line, overwriting characters that have already been printed, and so on. Ive been using codeisprintcode to try and eliminate the hidden characters, but something is getting through anyway.p  pSo... is there a way to get a clean copy of the data from Word into TextEdit p
Negative 3262 pI have a UITableView with a UISearchBar in a project that uses storyboard.p  pThe search function without problem.p  pI have the cell linked to a Seague Push to the next view.p  pIf I select a cell, the next view is loaded and everything works perfect.p  pEverything was perfect until I use UISearchBar, then stops working Segue Push and I can not go to the next view when I select the filtered cell.p  pWhat to do Force segue.p  pA model of a project at this linksp  pa hrefhttpuploaded.tofileooohrxnf relnofollowhttpuploaded.tofileooohrxnfap  precodeCode for search  BOOLsearchDisplayControllerUISearchDisplayController controller shouldReloadTableForSearchStringNSString searchString   [searchData removeAllObjects]  NSArray group  forgroup in arraynumbers      NSMutableArray newGroup  [[NSMutableArray alloc] init]     NSString element      forelement in group              NSRange range  [element rangeOfStringsearchString optionsNSCaseInsensitiveSearch]          if range.length gt 0              [newGroup addObjectelement]                    if [newGroup count] gt 0          [searchData addObjectnewGroup]                onTableData  searchData  return YES    Force Segue when UISearchBar isActive  voidtableViewUITableView tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath  if self.searchDisplayController.isActive        NSMutableArray mutablerray  [searchData objectAtIndexindexPath.section]             number  [mutablerray objectAtIndexindexPath.row]            [self performSegueWithIdentifierdetail senderself]     searchBar.text        pickup number when UISearchBar isNotActive and reloadData after Segue  void prepareForSegueUIStoryboardSegue segue senderidsender  if [segue.identifier isEqualToStringdetail]      if self.searchDisplayController.isActive                number  [[onTableData objectAtIndex[[self.tableView indexPathForSelectedRow] section]] objectAtIndex[[self.tableView indexPathForSelectedRow] row]]           NSLognumber , number     [segue.destinationViewController setNumbernumber]      [self.tableView reloadData]   codepre
Negative 3262 pScenariop  pThe user is entering a date in an codeNSDatePickercode in its textual form with no stepper on OS X, and when they hit return on the keyboard, Id like a message to be sent to the controller.p  pIn an codeNSTextFieldcode, I would just hook the action up in Interface Builder, or set it from code, and when the user hits enter, the action message is sent to the target.p  pThe date picker allows to set an action message and a target, but I cant get the action to fire. When I hit enter in the date picker, the action message does not get called.p  pAm I doing something wrong, or is there a workaround that I have to use I would not be adverse to subclassing any of the classes involved, if that is what it takes.p
Negative 3262 pI would like to convert a GeoPoint to a screen point in order to identify all objects which are above a touch event. So, Ive tried this p  precodeProjection projection  this.mapView.getProjection  GeoPoint gie  new GeoPointlat, lon Point po  new Point projection.toPixelsgie, po codepre  pBut, po.x and po.y are not the screen coords, but the mapview coords in pixel instead of lat,lon.p  pFrom the android developer website  p  blockquote   ptoPixelsGeoPoint in, android.graphics.Point out              Converts the given GeoPoint to onscreen pixel coordinates, relative to the topleft of the MapView that provided this Projection.p blockquote  pSo, is it possible to convert it in the correct screen coords  p  pI want to know all the strongxstrong GeoPoint which are next to the strongstrong touch event like on the example above p  precode 0,0 gt x                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           lt My screen                                  touch event                                             x my GeoPoint                    y                                                                                                                                codepre  pI get the touch event like that p  precodeOverride public boolean onTouchEventMotionEvent event      float x  event.getX     float y  event.getY codepre  pHere, in this code, x and y are the real screen coords the hardware ones, not the mapview onesp  pI know that I can also convert x,y screen coordinates in GeoPoint to compare them to my GeoPoint, but, because of the zoom level, I cant get what I want. p
Negative 3262 pI am new to apache solr.br I want to manipulate the multicore dynamically using CoreAdminHandler class ofbr codeorg.apache.solr.handler.admin.CoreAdminHandlercodep  pThere are no tutorials on how to use it nor any good example I could google out.br Please give me some example of how can I manipulate multicore which are deployed in tomcatnot embedded using CoreAdminHandler and solrj. brHow can I specify the path of my tomcat server where solr is deployed for CoreAdminHandlercoreContainer. brAnd how to specify the path where multicores are placedp
Negative 3262 pHow to set keyword to initiate Broadcast Receiver from text message I got my Broadcast Receiver working, problem is it starts activity on receiving any text message and I just need it to start on receiving 1 or 2 keywords Hotel andor House how  do i do this .... Thank you. Below is my codep  pmanifest                      p  pactual receiver class public class SMSReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver p  precodepublic void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent      Bundle bundle  intent.getExtras      Object messages[]  Object[] bundle.getpdus     SmsMessage smsMessage[]  new SmsMessage[messages.length]     for int n  0 n lt messages.length n          smsMessage[n]  SmsMessage.createFromPdubyte[] messages[n]           show first message     Toast toast  Toast.makeTextcontext, Received SMS   smsMessage[0].getMessageBody, Toast.LENGTHLONG     toast.show      and then start an activity      Intent i  new Intentcontext,AppActivity.class     i.addFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYNEWTASK     context.startActivityi    codepre
Negative 3262 pI have created an test swt application which has some German special characters. When I run this application from eclipse it works fine but if I create jar of application and run jar from terminal it shows wrong special characters.p  pFor example I have shown strongSie sind sicher, dass Sie, um die Aufnahme zu schlieenstrong message on closing the application but when I run application from terminal it shows characters as shown in image.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4WGvp.png altenter image description herep  pAs you can see in image there are some special characters which are not displayed correctly.p  pI am using Mac Lion. JDK details arep  pjava version 1.6.031 JavaTM SE Runtime Environment build 1.6.031b0441511M3646 Java HotSpotTM 64Bit Server VM build 20.6b01415, mixed modep  pI am running application from terminal using following commandp  pjava cp .final mypackege.MainClass d32 Dfile.encodingUTF8p  pI tried specifying UTF encoding from commandline but no effect. p
Negative 3262 pI have a child window, containing a form, Labels, Combos, Buttons aligned in a line, line by line. Form is not finite. There is a button for adding extra line of input fields. It emsort of works for the momentem... Problem is when the new line is added the child window size remains the same, however I want it to resize automatically. p  pchild window is a standard SWT shellp  precodeShell ConstantEditWindow  new Shellparent codepre  pI hava a button with sth like thisp  precodeaddDesc.addSelectionListenernew SelectionAdapter          public void widgetSelectedSelectionEvent e               populateConstantMaintariffConstantsOfType, descComp, descCompLayout, true              ConstantEditWindow.layout                codepre  pbut id doesnt work  the child window wont resize  p
Negative 3262 pFrom reading a hrefhttphtml5doctor.comcss3pseudoclassesandhtml5formsthis posta I have found that there are some pseudo classes for invalid and invalid input values.p  pIs there a way I can mark an input field as invalidvalid from javascript Or alternatively, can I override the validation method usedp
Negative 3262 pSorry if the title is not clear enough, I have codeltagtcode elements with the same class when user clicks on each one the jquery code should run for each one alone, the problem is when clicking the first element and before it finishes running the whole code if I click a second  element it leaves the first one incomplete and runs the code on the second one, its supposed to work simultaneously btw its supposed to send data to a php file and its working fine even if I click many elements by the classes are not workingp  pheres the codep  precode    jQueryfunction          .anchortagclass.eachfunction              this.clickfunction                  this  this                 var id  this.attrdataid                 if  this.hasClasson                       this.removeClasson                     this.addClassloading                     .postprocess.php,  elementid id, status off , functiondata  this.addClassoff.removeClassloading                    else                      this.removeClassoff                     this.addClassloading                     .postprocess.php,  elementid id, status on , functiondata  this.addClasson.removeClassloading                                               codepre  pso what am I doing wrong p  pand thanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pI didnt use jquery.uis datepicker because I needed to select an entire week and multiple dates under different conditions, so I am using a hrefhttpkeithwood.namedatepick.html relnofollowKeith Woodsa datepicker in an EditorTemplate for my Date fieldsp  precode    model NullableltDateTimegt              string name  ViewData.TemplateInfo.HtmlFieldPrefix         string id  name.Replace.,          string dt  Model.HasValue  String.Format0d,stringModel.Value.ToShortDateString  string.Empty                  Html.TextBox, dt, new  class  datefield, type  date, id  id      ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         document.readyfunction               id.datepick                 renderer .datepick.themeRollerRenderer,                 multiSelect 999                               ltscriptgt codepre  pValidation works just fine when using a textbox and having the datepicker popup but what I really want is to use an inline datepicker, but I cant get validation to work under these conditionsp  precode    model NullableltDateTimegt              string name  ViewData.TemplateInfo.HtmlFieldPrefix         string id  name.Replace.,          string dt  Model.HasValue  String.Format0d,stringModel.Value.ToShortDateString  string.Empty           ltdiv classkwdpgt     ltdivgt     Html.Hidden, dt, new  class  datefield, id  id      ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         document.readyfunction               .kwdp.datepick                 renderer .datepick.themeRollerRenderer,                 multiSelect 999                               ltscriptgt codepre  pHere is a snipit of my custom clientside validationp  precode    form.validate          rules             StartDate                   required true,                  dpDate true                       ,         messages              StartDate Please enter a valid date ddmmyyyy               codepre  pAnd here is the definition of the DateTime field in my Data Classp  precode    [Required]     [DataTypeDataType.Date]     [DisplayFormatApplyFormatInEditMode  true, DataFormatString  0ddMMyyyy]     public NullableltDateTimegt StartDate  get set  codepre  pI understand that I should add an onSelect for the datepicker to populate the hidden field with dates, but regardless, I should get an error when the hidden field value is empty, but its not validating. The html markup is rendered as the followingp  precode    ltinput nameStartDate classdatefield idStartDate typehidden datavalrequiredThe StartDate field is required. datavaltrue datavaldateThe field StartDate must be a date. valuegt codepre  pI am using the following librariesp  precode    ltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptsjquery.validate.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptsjquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptsjquery.unobtrusiveajax.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt         ltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptsdatepickjquery.datepick.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptsdatepickjquery.datepick.ext.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptsdatepickjquery.datepick.validation.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptsjquery.ui.datepicker.validation.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt codepre  pI found a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7924668validateaninlinejquerydatepickerusingjqueryvalidationa similar unanswered questiona that looks the developer is having the same problem, but no posted solution. Any ideas to where I am going wrongp
Negative 3262 pIve been debugging this code for hours, I think I would benefit from someone else taking a look at the problem. Im writing a login system for my software in C .net. I am encoding the passwords in SHA512. I am using the hashing algorithm written by a hrefhttpdotnetrush.blogspot.com200704csha2cryptographysha256sha384.html relnofollowRush Frisbya.p  pAdditionally, I am using a salt and pepper on the users password. p  precode Form1.cs inside button1Click           IsConnected is a variable which holds the state of the connection          to the server         if IsConnected  true                      UsernameField  textBox1.Text                   Fetch the username             PasswordField  textBox2.Text                   Fetch the password               The peruser salt is stored in the DB, go get it             Salt  MH.GetUserSaltUsernameField            Get the salt for the user               Encrypt the salt, pepper and secret keys in SHA512             Salt  HH.SHA512Salt                  The salt is stored in the DB             Pepper  HH.SHA512Pepper              The salt is a private field in the current class             SecretKey  HH.SHA512Salt  Pepper    The secret key  SHA512Salt  Pepper               Now, with the secret key lets add that to the password after its encrypted             PasswordField  SecretKey  HH.SHA512PasswordField      The password is now secret key  SHA512password               I am expecting 1 row back from the database             success  MH.CheckUserUsernameField, PasswordField        success bool Did CheckUser return 1 row codepre  p[SPACER]p  precode MySQLHelper.cs     public bool CheckUserstring username, string password              if IsConnected  true                      LastError  Not connected             return false                   cmd  connection.CreateCommand         cmd.CommandText  SELECT  FROM credentials WHERE Username    username   AND Password    password            rdr  cmd.ExecuteReader          rows  0         while rdr.Read                      rows                    Gracefully release resources rdr         ReleaseResources          if rows  1             return true         else             return false      codepre  pThis always works on the first attempt to login granted I provide legitimate credentials, however if I fail the first attempt, the second attempt and any corresponding attempts will always return 0 rows, even if the credentials are good which should return 1 row. If I close out the application and reopen it, the same thing happens. Im able to login, but I must provide good credentials on the first attempt or else the rest wont work.p  pAs I have mentioned,  I have isolated the issue down to the password fields not matching. This is the stage in which the secret key is added to the sha512 encoded user password. Let me give you an examplep  pValid on first attempt B045B1FA1FCD4450D34EEEF17414E334B9E928EDB076E3D3D1EE8AF4EF25FD4076B6B228EA4AC53136FDF2BFF3FF780096EA5A63851EADB6133EB537C61CA23ECBE0CD68CBCA3868250C0BA545C48032F43EB0E8A5E6BAB603D109251486F77A91E46A3146D887E37416C6BDB6CBE701BD514DE778573C9B0068483C1C626AECp  pValid on second attempt, but remember it fails B1316286A4628120FF77A53CE11CE0B16DF49358858729E3D01B25CDAFB5194112C982B11AC08424C6637F8F445D2D7A76A41B4857B43D60A54BD9E67FC14F20CBE0CD68CBCA3868250C0BA545C48032F43EB0E8A5E6BAB603D109251486F77A91E46A3146D887E37416C6BDB6CBE701BD514DE778573C9B0068483C1C626AECp  pAs you can see, for some reason the password is being altered. Do you know what it could be I appreciate all the helpp  pC Windows 7 x64 Visual Studio 11 MySQL Connector Net 6.5.4p  pIf there is any additional information I can provide you with that I have accidently withheld, please tell me.p
Negative 3262 pI am having trouble understanding how to use the DataContractSerializer in WCF RESTp  pI am using a channel factory like sop  precode Uri uri  new Urihttplocalhost50000people         WebChannelFactoryltIPersonServicegt chFactory  new WebChannelFactoryltIPersonServicegturi   IPersonService iPerson  chFactory.CreateChannel codepre  pthan can call the channel methods directly from the channel like thisp  precode ListltPersongt allPeople  new ListltPersongt  allPeople  iPerson.getAll codepre  pThis has what I got so far as how to use the DataContractSerializer so I can output the responsep  precodeMemoryStream stream  new MemoryStream lt how to i read iPerson.getAll into stream gt                         XmlDictionaryReader reader  XmlDictionaryReader.CreateTextReaderstream, new XmlDictionaryReaderQuotas DataContractSerializer dcs  new DataContractSerializertypeofPerson ListltPersongt allpeople2  ListltPersongtdcs.ReadObjectreader, true reader.Close stream.Close codepre  pI am not exactly sure how to put these pieces together to make it all work.p
Negative 3262 pIm working on a search functionality for my website and Im using Bootstraps typeahead to show the results. So far so good. But what I want is to extend the function so that I could add an image and some other item, say description, etc. According to this post, that is possible a hrefhttpsgithub.comtwitterbootstrapissuescustom typeaheada.p  pBasically I need something like this as each result itemp  precodeltdiv classresultContainergt   ltdiv classresultImagegtltimg gtltdivgt   ltdiv classresultDescgtltdivgt   ltdiv classresultLabelgtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pNow itsp  precodeltligtlta hrefgtltagtltligt codepre  pAnd this doesnt even work with a longer text than the width of the typeahead. So the text doesnt go to the next line and hence doesnt fit the codeltligtcode. How can I use the the custom layout I want btw I have an array of arrays of results. Each subarray contains img, desc, etc.. This is what I have right now     img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comlhRBp.png altenter image description herep  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pI copied the following paragraph from  a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms17546428vsql.10529.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms175464vsql.105.aspxap  blockquote   pA FOREIGN KEY constraint can contain null values however, if any   column of a composite FOREIGN KEY constraint contains null values,   verification of all values that make up the FOREIGN KEY constraint is   skipped. To make sure that all values of a composite FOREIGN KEY   constraint are verified, specify NOT NULL on all the participating   columns.p blockquote  pCould someone provide me with a simple example to help me understand the above What verification the foreign key constraint will do I think this has something to do with referential integrity.p  pThanks a lot. p
Negative 3262 pI want to use a vaadin upload component in my webapplication and directly upload files to mongo db in gridfs format. p  pMy current implementation use a temporary storage location to first upload file and then store in mongo converting to gridfs. p  phere is my upload component code I have implement Receiver interface method recieveUpload p  precodeprivate File file private String tempFilePath  public class HandleUploadImpl extends CustomComponent         implements Upload.SucceededListener,         Upload.FailedListener,         Upload.ProgressListener,         Upload.Receiver  ........      public OutputStream receiveUploadString filename, String MIMEType              logger.debugFile information  , filename, MIMEType               this.filename  filename             FileOutputStream fos              file  new FiletempFilePath  filename              try                  fos  new FileOutputStreamfile              catch final java.io.FileNotFoundException e                  logger.errorError occurred while opening the file , e                 return null                           return fos          codepre  pHere is my code to store in mongo repositoryp  precodeprivate void saveBuildFileMapltString, Objectgt buildFileInfo, String key          if buildFileInfo.containsKeykey              GridFS gridFS  new GridFSmongoTemplate.getDb, COLLECTIONNAME             File file  File buildFileInfo.getkey             buildFileInfo.removekey              try                  GridFSInputFile savedFile  gridFS.createFilefile                 savedFile.putidK, buildFileInfo.getkey  id                 savedFile.save              catch Exception e                  logger.errorSomething went wrong when saving the file in the db , e                            codepre  pIs there a way I can omit the use of temporary storage and set the output stream of upload component to mongo repository gridfs file.p
Negative 3262 pIn vanilla .net, the codeSocketcode class has a property codeLocalEndPointcode which provides details of the local end of the socket, including the port. In the Windows Phone 7 codeSocketcode, this property is missing. p  pIs there any way of getting the port number of the local end of a socketp  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pIm implementing a simple network protocol on WP7. The server it will be working with uses callbacks and the original request query must specify the port for the callback to be sent to The server API does not have support for accessing details of the incoming connection, and changing this part of the code is not an option at this point. Both phone and server connect to each other over a local network. p
Negative 3262 pIm developing a PHP app and and want to cache some data in APC. APC is running and enabled, I can see statistics when I open apc.php which indicate that opcode caching works fine.p  pHowever, the apache process crashes whenever I try to use codeapcstorecode or codeapcaddcode to store some data.p  pThis is on a Windows 7 Professional 64bit system and happens with both of these version combinationsp  ul liApache 2.2.21, PHP 5.3.9, APC 3.1.6li liApache 2.2.22, PHP 5.3.13, APC 3.1.9li ul  pWith the first configuration, the crash happens immediately and this in the apache error logp  precode[Fri Jun 08 125158 2012] [notice] Parent child process exited with status 255  Restarting. codepre  pWith second there is some delay and I get thisp  precode[Fri Jun 08 161848 2012] [notice] Child 5052 Exit event signaled. Child process is ending. [Fri Jun 08 161848 2012] [warn] OS 995Der EAVorgang wurde wegen eines Threadendes oder einer Anwendungsanforderung abgebrochen.   winntaccept Asynchronous AcceptEx failed. [Fri Jun 08 161848 2012] [warn] OS 10038Ein Vorgang bezog sich auf ein Objekt, das kein Socket ist.   setsockoptSOUPDATEACCEPTCONTEXT failed. [Fri Jun 08 161852 2012] [warn] pid file Cwampbinapacheapache2.2.22logshttpd.pid overwritten  Unclean shutdown of previous Apache run [Fri Jun 08 161852 2012] [notice] Apache2.2.22 Win64 PHP5.3.13 configured  resuming normal operations codepre  pWhat can be done to fix thisp
Negative 3262 pIm having a problem with a JQuery dialog being empty when displayed. I know what the problem is but cant figure out how to fix it. I hope to find some help here.p  pIssuep  pI have a page with a simple list of users. Every itemuser on the list has an EDIT link. When clicked edit a dialog box pops up with details for that user. Great Sounds simple enough.p  pSo the user list initializes the partial view thatll be a dialog boxp  precodeHtml.PartialEditUser, new User codepre  pThat preloads the partial view and the dialog is initialized with a regularp  precodefunction       edituserdialog.dialog         title Edit User,         autoOpen false,         height 500,         width 600,         modal true       codepre  pSo far so good...p  pThe partial view itself is a regular page with Ajax form submit that allows me to submit modified user info. Everything associated to that popup, such as its DIV, connected JScripts must be contained within just so information could be easily found later. Here is the sample code of the Partial View that will be displayed as a dialogp  precodemodel MyNamespace.User ltscript srcUrl.ContentmyUserEditScriptScripts.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt  ltdiv idedituserdialog styledisplay nonegt  using Ajax.BeginFormSaveUserJson, User, new  id  Model.Id , new AjaxOptions                      HttpMethod  post,             OnSuccess  editUserSuccess,                        ltdiv classdisplayfieldgt             Html.DisplayFormodel gt model.Name          ltdivgt     .     .     .     Various controls go here...     .     .     .          ltpgt             ltinput typesubmit valueDetach gt         ltpgt        ltdivgt codepre  pStandard stuff so far...p  pSo when the initial list of users is loaded the Edit users partial view gets preloaded on the page but its not visible because the div is set to display none and its initialized as being a dialog popup.p  pNext when an edit link is clicked next to a specific user I would like that popup to be populated with the information of that selected user. Ajax to the rescuep  pOn Edit link click I load the partial view with the selected user datap  precodefunction editUserLoaduserId      .ajax         url UserEditUser,         data  id userId ,         type post,         datatypehtml,         success function data              edituserdialog.htmldata             edituserdialog.dialogopen                codepre  pWorks great It grabs the selected userId, jumps to my action method that returns the partial view populated with the User data I want to display.p  pThe problem is that the dialog is displayed empty  Well I know why. Its empty because the dialog DIV is set to display none. But why  Doesnt .dialogopen override display none and doesnt it suppose to show the content of the dialog even if it was hidden p  pI tried to have .show separately but it didnt work. Help p
Negative 3262 pIm building a flash game that uses Django as a backend.p  pI currently have an api endpoint set up using djangotastypie, which the flash app can call to receive JSON data for populating the application.p  pI understand using simple django views, and templating system, one is able to simply include a csrftoken in a webpage with the aid of the middleware.p  pMy problem now is trying to post data back to the server without using csrfexempt, and the flash application ideally, can be run without inserting params tags. Hopefully, a standalone swf file thatll work as it is.p  pHow would one get a csrftoken into the flash app so it can post data back to the server without security concernsp  pIf the csrftoken way is not possible, are there any other ways to post data securelyp  pI have searched many avenues leading to similar questions, but many are unanswered. Maybe Im missing something here as Im engrossed in my perspective. I hope someone can enlighten me on better ways to do it.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pSo this is what I have, I have a SQLite database with 3 tables status,update amp users. This database is on the server. I need to run following query on thisp  precodeSELECT USR.name, USR.cymerid, ST.license FROM users USR, status ST, update UD WHERE UD.uptid  select maxp2.uptid from update p2 AND ST.cymerid  USR.cymerid AND ST.uptid  UD.uptid ORDER BY USR.name codepre  pAnd then display the result on a webpage using HTML.p  pI was wondering is there any way to do this using javajavascript or is there any way I can write a javaperljavascript code to get a xmltext of the output and then display thatp  pThanks for your help.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to find out the optimal model for 4way gradient filling. My latest model is a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netBfPZW1 relnofollowthisa fiddlep  precodeltsvg height360 width400 xmlnshttpwww.w3.org2000svg version1.1gt   ltdefsgt     ltclipPath idCgt       ltpath dM 100 200 L 300 58 L 400 250 L 300 341 Z gt     ltclipPathgt     ltradialGradient idG1 cx50 cy50 r50 fx50 fy50gt       ltstop offset0   stylestopcolorrgb255,0,0    stopopacity1 gt       ltstop offset100 stylestopcolorrgb128,128,64 stopopacity0 gt     ltradialGradientgt     ltradialGradient idG2 cx50 cy50 r50 fx50 fy50gt       ltstop offset0   stylestopcolorrgb0,255,0    stopopacity1 gt       ltstop offset100 stylestopcolorrgb128,128,64 stopopacity0 gt     ltradialGradientgt     ltradialGradient idG3 cx50 cy50 r50 fx50 fy50gt       ltstop offset0   stylestopcolorrgb0,0,255    stopopacity1 gt       ltstop offset100 stylestopcolorrgb128,128,64 stopopacity0 gt     ltradialGradientgt     ltradialGradient idG4 cx50 cy50 r50 fx50 fy50gt       ltstop offset0   stylestopcolorrgb255,255,0  stopopacity1 gt       ltstop offset100 stylestopcolorrgb128,128,64 stopopacity0 gt     ltradialGradientgt   ltdefsgt   ltellipse cx100 cy200 rx200 ry200 clippathurlC fillurlG1 gt   ltellipse cx300 cy58  rx200 ry200 clippathurlC fillurlG2 gt   ltellipse cx400 cy250 rx200 ry200 clippathurlC fillurlG3 gt   ltellipse cx300 cy341 rx200 ry200 clippathurlC fillurlG4 gt ltsvggt codepre  pwhich comes with resultp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLGx5m.png altenter image description herep  pBut when I change order of codeltellipsegtcode elements see a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netdq9PH1 relnofollowthisa fiddlep  precode  ltellipse cx100 cy200 rx200 ry200 clippathurlC fillurlG1 gt   ltellipse cx300 cy58  rx200 ry200 clippathurlC fillurlG2 gt   ltellipse cx300 cy341 rx200 ry200 clippathurlC fillurlG4 gt   ltellipse cx400 cy250 rx200 ry200 clippathurlC fillurlG3 gt codepre  presult changes top  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comac1Dq.png altenter image description herep  pWhich means transparency is not calculated same way. I would like to have transparency calculated always with same results, regardless of order of the elements. What is a solution for this issuep
Negative 3262 pThis a hrefhttpwww.bouncycastle.orgdevmailarchivemsg08137.html relnofollowpagea has a code snippet for signing and encrypting a file in one step under SIGNING AND ENCRYPTING CODE.p  pWhat is the difference between this and sequentially encrypting and then signing the file using codeKeyBasedFileProcessorcode and codeSignedFileProcessorcode of Bouncy Castle Crypto respectivelyp
Negative 3262 pAre there any examples of authenticating to the Evernote API using a hrefhttpswww.google.comurlsatamprctjampqampesrcsampsourcewebampcd1ampved0CGAQFjAAampurlhttpsgithub.comsimplegeopythonoauth2ampeiHAjgTvuJab22AXZ3ICeCgampusgAFQjCNHYteYIIbCcPOMK2sLTLLywkixjw relnofollowpythonoauth2a a hrefhttpdev.evernote.comdocumentationcloudchaptersAuthentication.php relnofollowThey use a slightly different part of the speca than most, which I dont think the library is built to handle natively.p
Negative 3262 pI have a datatemplate xaml that currently looks like this for a report screenp  precode   ltCheckBoxgt         ltStackPanelgt             ltTextBlock TextBinding PathDisplayName FontWeightBold Margin0 0 0 5 gt             ltRadioButton ContentAll Pages IsCheckedBinding PathAllPages Margin0 0 0 5 gt             ltRadioButtongt                 ltStackPanel OrientationHorizontalgt                     ltTextBlock TextPages  Margin0 3 5 0 gt                     ltTextBox Width130 TextBinding PathSelectedValue gt                 ltStackPanelgt             ltRadioButtongt         ltStackPanelgt   ltCheckBoxgt codepre  pI want to know, how I can disable the default checkbox behavior that uses  and  as chek and uncheck.p  pI want to allow the user in that textbox to type in 15, 6, 7  for page ranges, but cannot do so because  is checking and unchecking the boxp  pEDIT I would like to maintain the spacebar functionality of checking  unchecking the checkbox.  For whatever reason, if I am in the textbox and I type space, it doesnt trigger the toggle event, but the  and  do.p  pEDIT2 Ideally looking for a xaml fix since I am trying to maintain an MVVM architecture and would prefer not to have code behindp
Negative 3262 pHopefully some of you can help me with my braindeadlock.p  pjust for the understanding Im trying to receive a database by using a phpscript. Therefore I have to call a webadressserver which gives me access to the phpscript only if Im using a valid usernamepwdcombo AND sending the right Parameters.p  pMy code WORKS fine when using HttpClient and HttpPost. below the GOOD codep  precode    InputStream myInputDB  null     OutputStream myOutputDB  null     HttpResponse response  null      Path to the just created empty db     String dbFilePath  DBPATH  KeyConstants.DBNAME      try           Creating HTTP client         HttpClient httpClient  new DefaultHttpClient          Creating HTTP Post         ListltNameValuePairgt nameValuePairs  new ArrayListltNameValuePairgt2         nameValuePairs.addnew BasicNameValuePairversion, 20110516140000         HttpPost httppost  new HttpPosthttpUSERNAMEPASSWORDSomeAdressudb2.php         httppost.setEntitynew UrlEncodedFormEntitynameValuePairs         response  httpClient.executehttppost         Open your local db as the input stream         myInputDB  response.getEntity.getContent         Open the empty db as the output stream         myOutputDB  new FileOutputStreamdbFilePath         transfer bytes from the inputfile to the outputfile             byte[] buffer  new byte[1024]         int length         while length  myInputDB.readbuffer gt 0              myOutputDB.writebuffer, 0, length                  Close the streams         myOutputDB.flush         myOutputDB.close         myInputDB.close codepre  pNow Im trying to use HttpURLConnectionHttpsURLConnection instead of the above solution. Why should be clear, the livesystem uses HTTPS server certification. p  pBy now I wasted days of trying to figure out how to...p  ol liPOST Parameters with HttpURLConnectionli liAuthenticate on serverli liAvoid certificationcheck in general for testingli ol  pand I just dont know where Im making the mistake. Below my code so far...p  precode    String urlString  httpUSERNAMEPASSWORDSomeAdressudb2.php     String params  version20110516140000     InputStream stream  null     url  new URLurlString     if url.getProtocol.toLowerCase.equalshttps          trustAllHosts          HttpsURLConnection urlconn  HttpsURLConnection url.openConnection         urlconn.setHostnameVerifierDONOTVERIFY         urlconn.setDoInputtrue         urlconn.setDoOutputtrue         urlconn.setRequestMethodPOST         urlconn.setRequestPropertyContentType, textxml         urlconn.setRequestPropertyContentLength, String.valueOfparams.getBytes.length          OutputStreamWriter wr  new OutputStreamWriterurlconn.getOutputStream         wr.writeparams         wr.flush          stream  urlconn.getInputStream         if gzip.equalsurlconn.getContentEncoding              stream  new GZIPInputStreamstream                   wr.close       else                       Almost the same as ifpath, but without trustAllHosts and with HttpURLConnection instead of HttpsURLConnection                    return stream codepre  pWhat I need is an InputStream which I then can savecopy on the android phone as in the working code. By now the result I get is an IOException. The Activity aborts as soon as urlconn.getInputStream is being called. But the getOutputStream too has no valid value.p  pNow to the question. Could anyone please review my code and tell me how to POST Parameters the right way. In addition to that do you know if I can send the authentication via URL Particularly the HTTPS part interests me. For the nonsecure mode I already have a running solution.p  pThanks for your helpp
Negative 3262 pmy server side has a method with code like followingp  precodeContext ctx  Contextnew InitialContext.lookupjavacompenv codepre  phow to test this method in client using JUnit or even a standalone application I try to do the following but still failp  precodeBeforeClass     public static void setUpClass throws Exception           rcarver  setup the jndi context and the datasource         try               Create initial context             System.setPropertyContext.INITIALCONTEXTFACTORY,                 org.apache.naming.java.javaURLContextFactory             System.setPropertyContext.URLPKGPREFIXES,                  org.apache.naming                         InitialContext ic  new InitialContext              ic.createSubcontextjava             ic.createSubcontextjavacomp             ic.createSubcontextjavacompenv             ic.createSubcontextjavacompenvjdbc               Construct DataSource             OracleConnectionPoolDataSource ds  new OracleConnectionPoolDataSource             ds.setURLjdbcoraclethinhostportdb             ds.setUserMYUSERNAME             ds.setPasswordMYUSERPASSWORD              ic.bindjavacompenvjdbcnameofmyjdbcresource, ds          catch NamingException ex              Logger.getLoggerMyDAOTest.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex                codepre  pthe exception is javax.naming.NameNotFoundExceptionremaining nameenvp  pin fact, I think in server, once new InitialContext, all the previous create subcontext in client is clear, is itp
Negative 3262 pI have just started with my project using MVC and Razor. Now I am encountering a problem when it comes to binding data coming from the database to a dropdownlist. Please refer on my codes belowp  pSpecialization Modelp  precodepublic class SpecializationModel      [DisplayName  SpecializationID]     public string SpecializationID  get set       [DisplayName  SpecializationDescription]     public string SpecializationDescription  get set       public IEnumerableltSelectListItemgt Items  get set      public int SelectedSpecializationID  get set   codepre  pControllerp  precodepublic ActionResult Physicians      SpecializationManager spec  new SpecializationManager     ListltSpecializationgt SpecializationList  spec.GetAllSpecialization      var obj  new SpecializationModel      obj.Items  new[]              foreachvar x in SpecializationList                      new SelectListItem  Value  x.SpecializationID.ToString, Text  x.SpecializationDescription                     return Viewobj  codepre  pI have this manager which contains my LINQ query to extract the data from the database. I encounter problems on the controller. Wherein the error points on the codeforeachcode syntax saying codeInvalid expression term foreachcodep  pCan anyone please point me to the right direction Thanks a lotp  pEDITp  pI have this code now without errors on the foreach part thanks to the post below which I combined with what I have above. However, I cant seem to make the last line work. It produces an error about implicit castp  precodevar items  new ListltSelectListItemgt foreach var x in SpecializationList      items.Addnew SelectListItem  Value  x.SpecializationID.ToString, Text  x.SpecializationDescription    obj.Items  items.ToList codepre  pPlease do help me. Thanks p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to create a combination of graph edges which are stored inside a vector. I need to generate AND store the generated vectors in a vector as well. Below is what I have done so far but it is not compiling at the momentp  precodeinclude ltstdlib.hgt includeltiostreamgt includeltvectorgt includeltalgorithmgt  struct edge  int a int b int weight edgeint u,int v,int cost      au     bv     weightcost      int main     typedef stdvectorltedgegt V ltoranyclassgt   V v      v.pushback1,2,10     v.pushback1,3,10     v.pushback1,4,10     v.pushback3,4,10     v.pushback3,5,10     v.pushback3,5,10    do         stdcoutltltv[0]ltlt ltltv[1]ltlt ltltv[2]ltlt ltltv[3]ltlt ltltv[4]ltltstdendl          whilestdnextpermutationv.begin,v.end return 0    What Im trying to get as output   1 2  1 3  1 4  3 4  3 5  4 3  1 2 1 3  1 2 1 4 codepre  pAny hintsp
Negative 3262 pIm changing the window size in that wayp  precodemGraphicsDeviceManager.PreferredBackBufferWidth  intiNewSize.X mGraphicsDeviceManager.PreferredBackBufferHeight  intiNewSize.Y mGraphicsDeviceManager.ApplyChanges codepre
Negative 3262 pI know you need a mac to develop native iOS apps .  However, I am currently trying to use Rhodes framework for developing apps and am wondering if I need to buy a mac eventually to be able to compile for iOS etc . p  pOr probably for testing etc, since I believe iOS doesnt have an emulator p  pThanks p
Negative 3262 pI used a Google map in my site, and the container div which contains the map is draggable. Now my problem is that when I scroll the map, it also drags. I want to stop dragging when of map scrolling. How can I do thisp
Negative 3262 pMy downloadFile AsyncTask may need quite some time in case of concurrent downloads over 2g networks. I suspect that it is killed off but I am not sure.p  pMy question is what is the timeout on an asynctask and what function is called when android kills my task If an exception is thrown, where to catch it p
Negative 3262 pI need to do math calculations for a text in a memo. [Size of the file 2mb]p  pA fitting example would be an encoded text that I need to decode.p  pI pass the memo text to a string in order to decode it. I guess it would be way faster to run my decode function using threads. But after some googling I didnt find a good example fitting my purpose. p  pExample functionp  precodefunction entrbaseNmytextStringString var     tshamil64Integer begin     For tshamil64  1 to Lengthmytext do     begin          Result Result  ChrOrdmytext[tshamil64]10     end     end ..... ..... Memo1.TextentrbaseNMemo1.Text codepre  pI would like to break the work into small pieces, divide the job equally, lets say 3..8 threads and assign my decode function to those threads. Can you please guide me on thisp  pCurrent time to process the text file 35seconds. Thank you for your kind help.p
Negative 3262 pIm working on a password analyzer, which will look for known patterns in a given string  and its working really well so far. However, Ive discovered that instead of looking for the largest and first pattern in a password, I really need to find all possible patterns, then analyze them to find the quickest combination.p  pEach step identifies a single pattern such as word, date, bruteforce and splits the string at each pattern found, giving a prefix and suffix. For instance, 42david becomes [42, david, ]. david is now locked in place, and the other two are analyzed, with different methods or combinations.p  pIts also capable of converting the  to an i, and davidi matches a dictionary, giving a second option of [42, davidi]. davidi is now locked, and 42 is analyzed.p  pMy immediate thought is a tree which stores each option as a node. For the password moneyp  precode                  money                        moneyword,           moneysword, leet,                                                    brute    ssword, leet      brute    sword, leet codepre  pThe problem here is that it doesnt fit the structure of a normal tree, since nodes are linked from parts of a node, rather than the node itself. Each step may have dozens of different possibilities as well, making it a tree with no specific number of links from each node. Even if it works, it feels finding all possible combinations after the structure is created will be terribly overcomplicated.p  pBad smell here. Thoughts on where the overcomplication is happening Ive been from code to whiteboard for a good part of the day, trying all kinds of different structures.p  pEdit Found a solution though untested  graph which acts like a doublelinked list. Still, Im definitely open to possibly better solutions.p  precodedef addPartsself, part, prefix, suffix, sub     tempPrev  part.prev     tempNext  part.next     for node in tempNext         node.prev.removepart     for node in tempPrev         node.next.removepart     if prefix.word         prefix.prev  tempPrev         prefix.next  sub         sub.prev  prefix         for node in tempPrev             node.next.appendprefix     else         sub.prev  tempPrev         for node in tempPrev             node.next.appendsub     if suffix.word         sub.next  suffix         suffix.prev  sub         suffix.next  tempNext         for node in tempNext             node.prev.appendsuffix     else         sub.next  tempNext         for node in tempNext             node.prev.appendsub codepre
Negative 3262 pSo this is my first Codeigniter project, and Im about to commit seppuku.  p  pHere is the situationp  pI have a gallery of pictures.  When the user hovers over one of them a side div populates with more info called in by AJAX.p  pI just cant get it to work.  I keep getting this in Dev ToolsNetworkXHR p  precodeNot Found  The requested URL ajaxgetMoreInfo was not found on this server.  Additionally, a 404 Not Found error was encountered while trying to use an ErrorDocument to handle the request. codepre  pWhat am I doing wrong and if anyone wants to drop some best practices, Im all ears.  Specifically.. I have seen other examples where ajax parameters are passed via the URL sent with .post ajaxgetMoreInfoID and not as a variable as I do here.  Am I completely wrong  Even though I dont think that is the cause of my 404.p  pHere is my JS function called on hoverp  precodefunction showDataWindow      var thisClass  this.attrclass     var thisIDpos  thisClass.indexOfid3     var thisID  thisClass.substrthisIDpos, 3      alertthisID lt alerts correctly     .postajaxgetMoreInfo,           ID thisID ,         functiondata              .. do stuff with data codepre  pI have a controller named ajax.php in controllersp  precodeltphp  class Ajax extends CIController     function construct        parentconstruct        public function getMoreInfo         ID  thisgtinputgtpostID       thisgtloadgtmodelArtistmodel,,TRUE       moreinfo  thisgtArtistmodelgtgetmoreinfoID       echo jsonencodemoreinfo     codepre  pAnd my model in models...p  precodeltphp  class Artistmodel extends CIModel   function construct      parentconstruct   public function getmoreinfoID                  query  thisgtdbgtquerySELECT  FROM NOIRusers WHERE UID  ID         if querygtnumrows gt 0                     foreach querygtresult as result                              moreInfo[memberID] resultgtUID                 moreInfo[firstName] resultgtUFname                 moreInfo[lastName] resultgtULname                 moreInfo[largeimagelocation] resultgtlargeimagelocation                  ..more of these..                         codepre  pThanks for any helpp
Negative 3262 pI have looked at all the answers here on SOF, and not seen what would work.p  h2My goalh2  pHave a EC2 QA server halt itself 55 minutes after last usagep  h2My strategyh2  pEverytime the remote machine is used, it is first checked to see if it is running. If it is, then do the followingp  ol lissh into machineli lirun sudo shutdown c clears last pending shutdownli lirun sudo shutdown h 55 restarts timer for 55 minute shutdownli liexitli ol  pGo about my scripts businessp  h2What Worksh2  pAll commands work locally 1 and 2. Numbers 3 and 4 are partial as explained below.p  h2What Doesnt Workh2  pThe line invoking the new shutdown halt, it waits for the ssh connection to shutdown, which never does for the versions of the command without amp at the end.p  h2What Ive triedh2  pecho nohup sudo shutdown h 55 exit  ssh i HOME.ec2certname rootusernamei.p.ad.dressp  pecho nohup sudo shutdown h 55amp exit  ssh i HOME.ec2certname rootusernamei.p.ad.dressp  pecho sudo shutdown h 55amp exit  ssh i HOME.ec2certname rootusernamei.p.ad.dressp  pssh i HOME.ec2certname rootusernamei.p.ad.dress nohup sudo shutdown h 55p  pssh i HOME.ec2certname rootusernamei.p.ad.dress nohup sudo shutdown h 55 exitp  h2What Sort Of Worksh2  pssh i HOME.ec2certname rootusernamei.p.ad.dress nohup sudo shutdown h 55ampp  pssh i HOME.ec2certname rootusernamei.p.ad.dress sudo shutdown h 55ampp  h2What is Sort Ofh2  pThe partially successful commands set up the shutdown, and exit ssh just fine. But they fills the LOCAL screen buffer with the last command results on the REMOTE screen. And that comes out with the results of the next command in the script. p  pI suppose that I could just issue echo flushing buffer twice in a row and clear it. p  pAnything more complete and cleaner out therep  pTIAp
Negative 3262 pIm having some problems with ruby gems. Im trying to install the gem codehitimescode although after trying to install it even using sudo I get this error a hrefhttpcl.lyHvlf relnofollowhttpcl.lyHvlfa.p  pCould it be that I already have it installed because Ive tried a few times now. Is there a way to uninstall a gemp  pThe gem can be found a hrefhttprubygems.orggemshitimes relnofollowherea on RubyGems.org and Ive even tried to download the .gem file and install it that way but had no luck.p
Negative 3262 pI am working on Xcode 4.3.3 and trying to use a UIStepper with interface builder. While trying to set minimum value  0, maximum value  10,000 , step value100 and  current value  5000. I am getting the following compile time error  p  precodeDVTAssertions ASSERTION FAILURE in SourceCacheIDEInterfaceBuilderCocoaTouchIDEInterfaceBuilderCocoaTouch1181IBPluginWidgetIntegrationIBUIStepperIBUIStepper.m41 Details  Assertion failed aValue lt maximumValue ampamp aValue gt minimumValue Object   ltIBUIStepper 0x40086e000gt Method   setValue Thread   ltNSThread 0x40010a260gtname  null, num  1 Hints None Backtrace............. codepre  pI am clueless on what to do, got nothing on google. Anyone got similar error or any idea about itp
Negative 3262 pI added some javascript on my page to update a specific div based on the users selection.p  pI chose this method over simply loading info from the database through PHP because it can be changed on the fly by the user while the page is open through AJAXp  pThe div is the codeltdiv idfightgtcode div.  The function it calls is the codeupdatefightcode function found below.  I included the entire .js file for reference incase there is something I am missing.p  precodewindow.onload  function updatefight   function getmainpage      .ajax             type POST,             async false,             url httprickymason.netd4betawelcomeloadmain,             dataType json,              data  page page ,             success functioncontent                 var html                   html  content[content]                 main.htmlhtml                             function popzonepage      .ajax         type POST,         async false,         url httprickymason.netd4betawelcomepopzone,         dataType json,          data  page page ,         success functioncontent             var html  content[content]             var dialog  ltdivgtltdivgt             .htmlhtml             .dialog                     autoOpen false,                     title Select Zone,                     modal true,                     width 800,                     resizable false                           dialog.dialogopen                     document.readyfunction      popzone.dialogautoOpenfalse        function updatefight      .ajax         type POST,         async false,         url httprickymason.netd4betawelcomeloadmain,         dataType json,          data  page getzone ,         success functioncontent             var html               html  content[content]             fight.htmlhtml                    function sqlzonezone      .ajax         type POST,         async false,         url httprickymason.netd4betawelcomesqlzone,         dataType json,          data  zone zone ,         success function             updatefight                    changezone.liveclick, function      var page  change     popzonepage    .zone.liveclick,function      var zone  this.id     sqlzonezone     alert  Updated Zone   this.id   codepre  pcodeupdatefightcode calls my controller codeloadmaincode which can be seen herep  precode    public function loadmain              content  thisgtmainmodelgtgetzone         page[content]  content         echo jsonencodepage      codepre  pcodegetzonecode can be seen herep  precode    public function getzone              userid  thisgttankauthgtgetuserid         itemroll  thisgtdbgtquerySELECT currentzone, z.name FROM userload ul                                     INNER JOIN zones z                                     ON z.id  ul.currentzone                                     WHERE ul.userid  userid         result  itemrollgtrowarray         zone[currentzone] result[currentzone]         zone[name]  result[name]         HTML Formatting         content           content . ltdiv idchangegtltinput typebutton idchangezone valueZonegtltinputgtltdivgt          content . ltdiv idzonenamegtlta href. baseurl.welcomefightgt. zone[name].ltagtltdivgt         return content      codepre  pIs there any glaring issue that might cause this not to work during occasioal page loads, or during a new page loadp  pThis definitely occurs in all 3 browsers, though more consistently in IE7.p
Negative 3262 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions514420howtovalidatenumericinputcHow to validate numeric input Ca  p blockquote    pHow do you do the followingp  precodewhile iNumberOfPlayers lt2  iNumberOfPlayers gt5      cout ltlt Enter number of players 14      cin gtgt iNumberOfPlayers     cin.clear     stdstring s     cin gtgt s  codepre  pAfter looking at the loop Im thrown in, it looks like codecincode isnt getting reset if I put in x codecincode reads X again as long as Im in the codewhilecode loop.  Guessing this is a buffer issue, any way to clear itp  pI then triedp  precodewhile iNumberOfPlayers lt2  iNumberOfPlayers gt5      cout ltlt Enter number of players 14      cin gtgt iNumberOfPlayers     cin.clear     cin.ignore  codepre  pwhich works except it reads everything 1 at a time.  If I put in xyz then the loop goes through 3 times before it stops to ask again.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to implement codejQGridcode in my application with some basic features including filtering and sub grid. I looked numerous articles but many of them seem to be old and outdated. I think i am struggling with the basics of implementing it. I will really appreciate if you can provide basic controller view structure or refer to any sort of tutorial from scratch with codeasp. net mvc 3.codep
Negative 3262 pI am having problems converting GPS coordinates to a byte array that can be stored as EXIF information.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5280479howtosavegpscoordinatesinexifdataonandroidThis questionsa states that EXIF coordinates should be expressed as three rational numbers codedegrees1, minutes1, seconds1code. Im having no trouble converting a decimal coordinate to that. For example code42.1234567code is easily converted to code421, 71, 241code.p  pMy problem is that I dont understand how to represent this as a byte array when I write it to the image EXIF information. The library that Im using is called a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comArticles4956TheExifWorksclass relnofollowExifWorksa, and Im using it in VB.NET.p  pThe ExifWorks codesetPropertycode method takes three things the EXIF field ID, an array of bytes as data, and the data type. Heres how I use itp  precodeew.SetPropertyTagNames.GpsLatitude, byteArrayHere, ExifWorks.ExifDataTypes.UnsignedRational codepre  pIve also triedp  precodeew.SetPropertyStringTagNames.GpsLatitude, 421, 71, 241 codepre  pWhich also doesnt work.p  pSo, my question is, how do I convert my degreeminutesecond coordinate into a byte array Everything Ive tried thus far ends up as invalid EXIF information, and doesnt work. A general solution is fine... doesnt necessarily have to work in VB.net.p
Negative 3262 pIm currently attempting to unmarshal some existing XML into a few classes I have created by hand. Problem is, I always get an error that tells me, JaxB expects a weather element but finds a weather element. p  blockquote   pjavax.xml.bind.UnmarshalException unexpected element urihttpwww.aws.comaws, localweather. Expected elements are ltapi,ltlocation,ltweatherp blockquote  pI tried with and without aws in the elements name.p  pHeres my weather classp  precodeXmlRootElementname  awsweather public class WeatherBugWeather      private WeatherBugApi api     private ListltWeatherBugLocationgt locations     private String uri      XmlElementnameawsapi     public WeatherBugApi getApi              return this.api           XmlElementWrappername  awslocations     XmlElementname  awslocation     public ListltWeatherBugLocationgt getLocations              return this.locations           public void setApiWeatherBugApi api              this.api  api           public void setLocationsListltWeatherBugLocationgt locations              this.locations  locations           XmlAttributenamexmlnsaws     public String getUri              return this.uri           public void setUriString uri              this.uri  uri       codepre  pAnd thats the XML I try to parsep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltawsweather xmlnsawshttpwww.aws.comawsgt     ltawsapi version2.0 gt     ltawslocationsgt         ltawslocation citynameJena statename countrynameGermany zipcode citycode59047 citytype1 gt     ltawslocationsgt ltawsweathergt codepre  pIm not quite sure what Im doing wrong. Any hints I suspect the problem to be the xmlns definition, but I have no idea what to do about it. You can see that by looking at the uriproperty. That was one unsuccessful idea.  And yes, I did try to set the namespace but that rather sets the namespaces uri instead of its ... name.p
Negative 3262 pIve installed pythonvirtualenv and pythonvirtualenvwrapper, and created a vrirtual envrioment by using mkvirtualenv NAME, and then activated it through workon NAME. By looking in .virtualenvsNAMEbin I see that pip is installed there.p  pHowever, when I try and install anything through pip, Im told pippython command not foundp  pI have not installed pip system wide, and was under the impression that I did not need to, given that it was already installed inside the virtual envrioment. Now, all this leads me to believe that something is not being set correctly with my PATH, what could that be though Once Im in side the virtual envrioment as such NAME[userhost] shouldnt my path already be modified to use the pip installation inside that envrioment What do I need to do to make this sop  pThanks for your helpp
Negative 3262 pI have created a REST WS application using eclipse WTP. So far, I was using Tomcat 7 to deploy my application. I could define Tomcat into Server runtime environments. Now i want to use jetty for to deploy that application, I downloaded jetty 8 and I have eclipse Indigo .. tried to define jetty the way i did for Tomcat but it did not work because the available adapter is for jetty6 and when I try to run my application using this adapter, I get a message saying code the server does not suport version 3.0 of J2EE Web module specificationcode p  pHow can I run my application on jetty from eclipsep
Negative 3262 pSo I have a problem that my experience says I cant much about but Id like to ask anyway to see if anyone else there has an idea.p  pI have an Android app where several thousand users are configured to connect to web services on DOMAIN1 over HTTPS SSL.  However, I am rebranding the app tomorrow to a new domain e.g. DOMAIN2.  As part of the domain change, I was planning to forward users from domain1 to domain2.  When I do this, will the web service call work w those still configured to domain 1  My guess is emnoem since the SSL cert is different for the new domain.p  pI will be updating the website and generally letting users know however I can.  However, I imagine theres going to be a lot of people upset that this feature web service doesnt work anymore.  p  pIs there a better solution other than telling them to just upgrade the app after they get frustrated  I dont have any way to message the users in the app itself.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pIm using the jQuery Cycle plugin for a slider  I need to make some fadeIn fadeOut effect inside each slides.br Has any one had any experience with this Unfortunately I am quite useless at JavaScript creation, and I have not been able to find any great support documentation.br a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netqnuj46 relnofollowHere is a exampleabr And my function code is below.p  precodeyslider ul.cycle            fx     fade,            speed   slow,            timeout 1000,            before first,            after    second,            pager    number,            pause 1                  function first             .left.fadeOut800.delay100.animateopactiy 0.5              .middle.delay800.fadeOut1300.animateopactiy 1.0              .right.delay2500.animateright1980px, 700                  function second             .left.fadeIn1000.delay300.animateopactiy 1.5              .middle.fadeIn1500.delay500.animateopactiy 2.5              .right.delay2500.animateright 26px, 700          codepre
Negative 3262 pTo increase performance I need to insert group of records by one query. This records can be in different partiotions. Is it possible to dop  pDoes anyone do somthing like thisp  pThank you.p
Negative 3262 pI had some fun making my first shaders and my first test subject was a 100x100 quad faced picture.  I thought I would learn how to use codeTRIANGLESTRIPcode so I switched it, moved one of the vertex calls so it would look square again. Turned my shader on and there was a duplicate right behind it of only one face but it had the entire texture on it. I have only one set of draw calls for this shape....p  pHeres my shape codep  precodeglBeginGLTRIANGLESTRIP     float vx     float vy     forfloat x0 xlt100 x         forfloat y0 ylt100 y             float vxx5.0             float vyy5.0             glTexCoord2f0.01x, 0.01y             glVertex3fvx, vy, 0              glTexCoord2f0.010.01x, 0.01y             glVertex3f.2vx, vy, 0              glTexCoord2f0.01x, 0.010.01y             glVertex3fvx, .2vy, 0              glTexCoord2f0.010.01x, 0.010.01y             glVertex3f.2vx, .2vy, 0      glEnd codepre  pAnd my vertex shader codep  precodeuniform float uTime,uWaveintensity,uWavespeed uniform float uZwave1,uZwave2,uXwave,uYwave void main vec4 position  glVertex glTexCoord[0]  glMultiTexCoord0 position.zsinposition.xuTimeuWavespeeduZwave1sinposition.yuTimeuWavespeeduZwave2uWaveintensity position.xposition.xsinposition.xuTimeuWavespeeduXwaveuWaveintensity position.yposition.ysinposition.yuTimeuWavespeeduYwaveuWaveintensity glPosition  glModelViewProjectionMatrix  position  codepre  pIf anyone has any info on drawing more efficiently with shared verticestrianglestrips Ive googled but I dont understand any so far XD. I wanna know.p  pscreenshots with 8x8 facesp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIhjai.png altenter image description herep  psame thing same angle,linesghostp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comzOJPk.png altenter image description herep  pI see whats happening now, but I dont know how to fix it.p
Negative 3262 pemShortem What is the best way to invoke a process from emJavaem and have its output be consumed by a emCem function invoked via emJNIem.p  pemLongem I am experimenting with a log reader application for emAndroidem. For that, I have to run the codelogcatcode command and parse its output. I have attempted this from emJavaem, but the amount of memory allocations performed are such that not only makes the process utterly slow but it also clutters the very same log with lots of emGCem related entries.p  pFor that reason, I have implemented all parsing related operations in emCem. However, I cant use the usual codeforkexeccode idiom to invoke codelogcatcode from the emCem side as its not really supported by the emNDKem. Instead, I need to start the process from emJavaem and somehow make its output accessible to the emCem code. Ideally I would use a pipe for this, but the coderedirectOutputcode methods from codeProcessBuildercode are not available on emAndroidem either.p  pThe best solution I have come up with so far is to start the process redirecting its output to a temporary file using codelogcat gt tempfilecode, and have the emCem code read from that file. However, this is far from ideal. Is there a better way to have native code access the output of a process started from emJavaemp
Negative 3262 pI am new to QTP, I recorded the sample Flight Reservation application. When I try to insert the standard checkpoint, it shows the error.  Here is my scriptp  precodeWindowProgram Manager.WinListViewSysListView32.Activate Flight  DialogLogin.WinEditAgent Name.Set jojo  DialogLogin.WinEditAgent Name.Type  micTab  DialogLogin.WinEditPassword.Set mercury  DialogLogin.WinButtonOK.Click  WindowFlight Reservation.Close codepre  pPlease let me know if anyone else is facing the same problem. Screenshot of error img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comlPRQ4.jpg altWhen I click on Flight Reservation and select Insert Standard CheckPoint option. I get following errorp
Negative 3262 pBelow is the jsp codep  precodeltul classnav pullrightgt           ltsif testcurUser  nullgt               ltli classdropdowngt                 lta hrefjavascriptvoid0 classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngtcurUser.userNameltb classcaretgtltbgtltagt                 ltul classdropdownmenugt                   ltsif testcurUser.admin eq truegt                     ltligtlta hrefadmin titleAdmin Sectiongtlti classiconcertificategtltigt Adminltagtltligt                   ltsifgt                   ltligtlta hrefusercurUser.userName titlecurUser.userNames Profilegtlti classiconusergtltigt Profileltagtltligt                   ltligtlta hrefuserprofile.htmlactioneditgtlti classiconcoggtltigt Edit Profileltagtltligt                   ltligtlta hreflogin.htmlactionlogoutgtlti classiconoffgtltigt Sign outltagtltligt                 ltulgt               ltligt             ltsifgt             ltselsegt               ltligtlta hreflogingtLoginltagtltligt               ltli classdividerverticalgtltligt               ltligtlta hrefsignupgtSign Upltagtltligt             ltselsegt         ltulgt codepre  pIm getting this error. Need help with this.p  precodeorg.apache.jasper.JasperException An exception occurred processing JSP page decoratorsbase.jsp at line 45  42               ltagtltligt 43             ltulgt 44             ltul classnav pullrightgt 45               ltsif testcurUser  nullgt 46                   ltli classdropdowngt 47                     lta hrefjavascriptvoid0 classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngtcurUser.userNameltb classcaretgtltbgtltagt 48                     ltul classdropdownmenugt codepre  phere is my web.xml configuration  I guess problem is using Struts tags with sitemesh.p  precode   ltfiltergt     ltfilternamegtsitemeshltfilternamegt     ltfilterclassgtcom.opensymphony.sitemesh.webapp.SiteMeshFilterltfilterclassgt   ltfiltergt   ltfiltermappinggt     ltfilternamegtsitemeshltfilternamegt     lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt   ltfiltermappinggt    ltfiltergt     ltfilternamegtLoginCheckFilterltfilternamegt     ltfilterclassgtcom.tutorial.filter.LoginCheckFilterltfilterclassgt   ltfiltergt   ltfiltermappinggt     ltfilternamegtLoginCheckFilterltfilternamegt     lturlpatterngtadminlturlpatterngt     lturlpatterngtadminlturlpatterngt   ltfiltermappinggt    ltfiltergt     ltfilternamegtUrlRewriteFilterltfilternamegt     ltfilterclassgtorg.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilterltfilterclassgt     ltinitparamgt       ltparamnamegtlogLevelltparamnamegt       ltparamvaluegtWARNltparamvaluegt     ltinitparamgt   ltfiltergt   ltfiltermappinggt     ltfilternamegtUrlRewriteFilterltfilternamegt     lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt   ltfiltermappinggt    ltfiltergt     ltfilternamegtstruts2ltfilternamegt     ltfilterclassgtorg.apache.struts2.dispatcher.ng.filter.StrutsPrepareAndExecuteFilterltfilterclassgt     ltinitparamgt       ltparamnamegtactionPackagesltparamnamegt       ltparamvaluegtcom.tutorial.actionltparamvaluegt     ltinitparamgt   ltfiltergt   ltfiltermappinggt     ltfilternamegtstruts2ltfilternamegt     lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt     ltdispatchergtREQUESTltdispatchergt     ltdispatchergtFORWARDltdispatchergt   ltfiltermappinggt    ltlistenergt     ltlistenerclassgt       org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListener     ltlistenerclassgt   ltlistenergt    ltlistenergt     ltlistenerclassgtorg.apache.struts2.dispatcher.ng.listener.StrutsListenerltlistenerclassgt   ltlistenergt codepre
Negative 3262 pI would like for my users to have the capability of Keep me logged in when they log in to my website. At the suggestion of the top answer on this post, a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1354999keepmeloggedinthebestapproachquotKeep Me Logged Inquot  the best approacha, I decided to hash a combination of the users salt and password in one cookie and store the users id a number in another cookie. Of course, the hash value will also be stored on a database serverside to be validated when the user returns again. The salt value I used is the same one that I used to hash the password of the user when they first register, so it is static  it doesnt change between sessions. Theres a few of problems I see with this approach.p  p1 Is using the registration salt a good idea if its static or should I generate a different salt each time for the cookiep  p2 If someone were to gain access to the cookies and they copy them to a different computer, and then try accessing the website from that computer, theoretically, it will automatically log them in to that users account, is this not a security issuep  p3 In a scenario where some user with malicious intents were to gain access to the database, a secure website would have salted and hashed passwords making it rather difficult for the hacker to gain access into multiple accounts if at all. But, by simply playing around with the hash and salt values and creating a cookie that matches the values theyve changed on the database, they can effectively get access to any account they want, rendering the whole passwordhashing process as useless. Therefore, this cookie approach Im using now is compromising my entire database and all my users accounts.p  pSo my question is, how do I store a cookie in PHP with sensitive information such as a hash of the users password without having to worry about the aforementioned issues Surely websites like Gmail and Hotmail, who offer this Keep me logged in feature follow a more secure approach than what Im doing now, so how would they do itp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to setup subversion for team web development... I was able to setup it to svn.mydomain.com with dreamhost, but when I try to access it with my browser to see the result of the website all I see is the file list ... PHP is not executed. p  pIs there anything I do wrong I know the SVN setup is working because I am able to commit, import, export, etc.p  pAlso, I wonder where on the FTP I should be able to see the actual files the folder of the svn.mydomain.com is empty.p
Negative 3262 pI want to add a code0code in front of a date if it is single digit. So I made a codep  precodepublic class Zero             param args          public static void mainString[] args           TODO Autogenerated method stub         String zero0         Calendar cal  new GregorianCalendar         int day1  cal.getCalendar.DAYOFMONTH         String seven1Integer.toStringday1         System.out.printlnseven1         System.out.printlnday1         String addedzero.concatseven1         System.out.printlnadded         int changeInteger.parseIntadded         System.out.printlnchange        codepre  pSo when I print codechangecode it prints only code7code not code07code. Actually I want to make the codeintcode code07code instead of code7code. So what modification should be done to print code07codep  pstrongNBstrong I did not mention the codeifelsecode checking for singledigit or multidigit date intentionally as there is no problem with itp
Negative 3262 pI am using Thunderbird as an email client for a POP3 server. Recently, I formatted my hard disk drive to change the OS from Windows XP to Windows 7. Consequently, I lost all my local emails. I also dont remember whether or not I had the server settings Leave messages on server Until I delete them. Is it possible to retrieve back those old messages  p
Negative 3262 pHow would I only select the code.mediacode class that is NOT a child of the code.slideshowcode classp  precodeltarticlegt     ltdiv classentrygtltdivgt     ltfigure classmediagtltfiguregt ltarticlegt  ltarticlegt     ltdiv classslideshowgt         ltdiv classentrygtltdivgt         ltfigure classmediagtltfiguregt     ltdivgt ltarticlegt codepre  pObviously I can do code.slideshow .mediacode to target the second one, but how would I target that first onep  pNOTE There are multiples of each of these blocks, so just doing something like codearticlefirstchlidcode to select the first instance wouldnt work.p  pExample of multiple blocks...p  precodeltarticlegt     ltdiv classentrygtltdivgt     ltfigure classmediagtltfiguregt ltarticlegt  ltarticlegt     ltdiv classentrygtltdivgt     ltfigure classmediagtltfiguregt ltarticlegt  ltarticlegt     ltdiv classentrygtltdivgt     ltfigure classmediagtltfiguregt ltarticlegt  ltarticlegt     ltdiv classslideshowgt         ltdiv classentrygtltdivgt         ltfigure classmediagtltfiguregt     ltdivgt ltarticlegt  ltarticlegt     ltdiv classentrygtltdivgt     ltfigure classmediagtltfiguregt ltarticlegt  ltarticlegt     ltdiv classslideshowgt         ltdiv classentrygtltdivgt         ltfigure classmediagtltfiguregt     ltdivgt ltarticlegt codepre
Negative 3262 pI use SQL Server SMO methods to get SQL Server data such as list of databases. p  pIs there way to execute above action using ADO.net without sending TSQL parameter to SQL Server  p
Negative 3262 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions212562isthereagoodwaytohaveamapstringgetandputignoringcaseIs there a good way to have a MapltString, gt get and put ignoring casea  p blockquote    pHow to ignore case sensitive when searching a key in the java.util.Mapp  pI want to know whether we can look up for a key in the map by ignoring the case.p  precodeExample,    MapltString, Integergt lookup  new HashMapltString, Integergt       lookup.putone, 1       lookup.puttwo, 2       lookup.putthree, 3  codepre  pThe user input might be ONE or one. in such a case instead of converting the user input to lowercase. is there is any way to ignore the key sensitive via any methodsp  pThanks, Kathirp
Negative 3262 pI have a javascript function that when you mouseover an image it changes that images id to one that has a keyframe animation so it flys around for 10 seconds then comes back to where it started. At that point you should be able to mouseover again and it flys the same way.p  pMy question is how can I make it ignore any more mouseovers while it is flying around I have something like this right nowp  precodeltscriptgt   function flyelement     element.idflynow     setTimeout functionstopflyingelement, 10000        function stopflyingelement      element.id    ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 3262 pWPF Datagrid updates on cell edit.. I am giving ItemsSource of datagrid as a List.... when i edit the datagrid it automatically reflects in the List..I dont want to update it automatically, I have a save button upon clicking that it should save the List.p
Negative 3262 pAnyone knows how to center text in a input type text on blackberry devicesp  pThats my CSSp  pre classlangcss prettyprintoverridecode.inputtext      fontfamily Arial,Helvetica,sansserif     fontsize 14px     color 333333     textalign left     border 1px solid cccccc     verticalalign middle      width 305px     height 38px     lineheight 38px     verticalalign middle     webkitappearance none      webkitborderradius0px     mozborderradius0px     webkitboxalign center     mozboxalign center     oboxalign center     boxalign center  codepre  pIt works on every browserdevice except for the Blackberry.p
Negative 3262 pFor the below codep  precodestruct orderSlip      char source[64]     char destination[64]     char item[64]       int position  global struct orderSlip data[100] codepre  pIs there another way of printing out the data for each element other than these methods belowp  precodeprintfsn,data[0].source     printfsn,data[0].destination     printfsn,data[0].item     printfinn, data[0].position      printfsn,data[1].source     printfsn,data[1].destination     printfsn,data[1].item     printfin, data[1].position codepre  petcp  precodeforint n  0 nlt 3 n      printfsn,data[n].source     printfsn,data[n].destination     printfsn,data[n].item     printfinn, data[n].position  codepre  pFor deleting and adding, do I have to make a dynamic array of structs If so, what would be the simplest syntax to do that Something like this c codep  precodeint  bobby bobby  new int [5] delete bobby[5] codepre  pbut in C Im guessing it has do with malloc and freep
Negative 3262 pI need to be able to insert a large set of values into an empty table in excel using VBA code. Heres how the code works so far.p  pFirst, the user inputs a value into a userform. The code then clears the table then goes and finds a range of numbers based on lookup criteria already in the code. The retrieved data is all contained within a single column and stored like an array. p  pFrom here, I need to place all of the values into a certain column in the table Policy , thus expanding the table rows to be however many rows were in the set of retrieved data. I do have the count already stored separately as AC if its needed The columns header I want to insert into is Policy .p  pKeeping in mind that there is only a blank row in the table at the present time of the code, how can I insert the data properly Ive tried p  precode rangecommissionstatement[Policy ].value  Als codepre  pbut that doesnt work. Als is the array of values by the way. Usually to insert the array I have to insert into a range equal in size which is why I took the row count as AC already.p  pIve also tried using coderangecommissionstatement.listobject.listrowscode but that doesnt work either.p  pAny advice Am I going to need to insert a number of rows into the table equal to the number of data im adding, before I actually place the data in there like this...p  precoderangecommissionstatement.listobject.listrows.add  codepre  pfollowed by inserting the datap  pLet me know if more info is needed. Thanksp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to reverse and invert to see if the digits to see if they are the same when the numbers are upside downp  pI got up to this far and im confused...p  precoderevdigits   functionn      sapplylapplystrsplitas.charactern,,rev,paste,collapse        fori in 1lengthn         n[i]         ifn[i]0 0         else ifn[i]  1 1         else ifn[i]  6 9         else ifn[i]  8 8         else ifn[i]  9 6         else 1             invertible functionn  n[1]  revdigitsn[1] codepre  pis there anyway to put them together or relate them to producep  precodeinvertiblec99, 123, 1691  [1] FALSE FALSE TRUE codepre  pthis outcomep
Negative 3262 pIm attempting to convert flv files with an alpha channel that are uploaded to a server to html5 compatible formats. Ive got the conversion working but the transparency is rendered as black. What I would like to do is have the ability to specify a colour.p  pIs it possible to convert the video and specify the colourp  pAlternatively, am I able to overlay the video with transparency on a still image that I generatep  pstrongUpdatestrong I may of solved my own question... Here is my ffmpeg commandp  precodeffmpeg loopinput f image2 i background.png r 25 t 10 an level 21 refs 2 b 345k bt 345k acodec libfaac vcodec libx264 ac 2 ab 96k ar 44100 vf movieinput.flv, scale370500 [logo] [in][logo] overlay00 [out] y threads 0 output.mp4 codepre  pWhich works.. I just need to generate a background image at the right dimensions on the server before converting.p
Negative 3262 pI just upgraded to OS X Mountain Lion and it killed most of my Python environment. Ive reinstalled distribute 0.6.28 codepython distributesetup.py install prefix LibraryPython2.7sitepackagescode amp pip 1.1 codepython setup.py install prefix LibraryPython2.7sitepackagescode from scratch. Then I installed codevirtualenvcode and codevirtualenvwerappercode via codepipcode without error, but the command codevirtualenv ENVTESTcode is failing as followsp  precode virtualenv ENVTEST New python executable in TESTENVbinpython Please make sure you remove any previous custom paths from your Usersx.pydistutils.cfg file. Installing setuptools.................done. Installing pip.... Complete output from command Userscsh401TESTENVbinpython UsersxTESTENVbineasyinstall UsersxLibrar...ortpip1.0.2.tar.gz UsersxTESTENVbinpython cant open file UsersxTESTENVbineasyinstall [Errno 2] No such file or directory  ...Installing pip...done. Traceback most recent call last   File Usersxbinvirtualenv, line 9, in ltmodulegt     loadentrypointvirtualenv1.7.2, consolescripts, virtualenv   File UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesvirtualenv.py, line 942, in main     neverdownloadoptions.neverdownload   File UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesvirtualenv.py, line 1054, in createenvironment     installpippyexecutable, searchdirssearchdirs, neverdownloadneverdownload   File UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesvirtualenv.py, line 654, in installpip     filterstdoutfiltersetup   File UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesvirtualenv.py, line 1020, in callsubprocess      cmddesc, proc.returncode OSError Command Usersx.virtualenvsenv1binpython x Usersx.virtu...nv1bineasyinstall UsersxLibrar...pportpip1.1.tar.gz failed with error code 2 codepre  pMy best guess is that it has to do with the fact that I was having trouble installing codedistributecode and codepipcode until I added the codeprefixcode argument. But now while pip is working, its not installing to the right location.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  ppip installed an older version of virtualenv. I ran codepip install U virtualenvcode and this ran without a hitch. Still getting an error, but a different error, now.p  precode virtualenv vvv TESTENV Creating TESTENVlibpython2.7 Symlinking Python bootstrap modules   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7config   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7libdynload   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7os.py   Ignoring builtin bootstrap module posix   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7posixpath.py   Cannot import bootstrap module nt   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7ntpath.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7genericpath.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7fnmatch.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7locale.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7encodings   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7codecs.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7stat.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7UserDict.py   File TESTENVlibpython2.7libdynloadreadline.so already exists   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7copyreg.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7types.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7re.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7sre.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7sreparse.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7sreconstants.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7srecompile.py   File TESTENVlibpython2.7libdynloadzlib.so already exists   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7warnings.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7linecache.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7abcoll.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7abc.py   Symlinking TESTENVlibpython2.7weakrefset.py Creating TESTENVlibpython2.7sitepackages Writing TESTENVlibpython2.7site.py Writing TESTENVlibpython2.7origprefix.txt Writing TESTENVlibpython2.7noglobalsitepackages.txt Creating parent directories for TESTENVinclude Symlinking TESTENVincludepython2.7 Creating TESTENVbin New python executable in TESTENVbinpython Changed mode of TESTENVbinpython to 0755 MacOSX Python framework detected Symlinking TESTENV.Python Testing executable with TESTENVbinpython c import sysoutsys.stdoutgetattrout, buffer, out.writesys.prefix.encodeutf8 Got sys.prefix result uUsersxTESTENV Please make sure you remove any previous custom paths from your Usersx.pydistutils.cfg file. Creating TESTENVlibpython2.7distutils Writing TESTENVlibpython2.7distutilsinit.py Writing TESTENVlibpython2.7distutilsdistutils.cfg Using existing distribute egg UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesvirtualenvsupportdistribute0.6.27.tar.gz Installing distribute...   Running command UsersxTESTENVbinpython c python Bootstra... mainsys.argv[1]  v alwayscopy U distribute   Extracting in varfolders97bds2slvx25s53xx1bstrvfs4xdq4bTtmpbqvjfq   Now working in varfolders97bds2slvx25s53xx1bstrvfs4xdq4bTtmpbqvjfqdistribute0.6.27   Installing Distribute   running install   Checking .pth file support in UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackages   UsersxTESTENVbinpython E c pass   TEST FAILED UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackages does NOT support .pth files   error bad install directory or PYTHONPATH    You are attempting to install a package to a directory that is not   on PYTHONPATH and which Python does not read .pth files from.  The   installation directory you specified via installdir, prefix, or   the distutils default setting was        UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackages    and your PYTHONPATH environment variable currently contains            Here are some of your options for correcting the problem     You can choose a different installation directory, i.e., one that is     on PYTHONPATH or supports .pth files     You can add the installation directory to the PYTHONPATH environment     variable.  It must then also be on PYTHONPATH whenever you run     Python and want to use the packages you are installing.     You can set up the installation directory to support .pth files by     using one of the approaches described here      httppackages.python.orgdistributeeasyinstall.htmlcustominstallationlocations    Please make the appropriate changes for your system and try again.   Something went wrong during the installation.   See the error message above. ...Installing distribute...done. Installing existing pip1.1.tar.gz distribution UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesvirtualenvsupportpip1.1.tar.gz Installing pip...   Running command UsersxTESTENVbinpython x UsersxTESTENVbineasyinstall UsersxLibrar...pportpip1.1.tar.gz   UsersxTESTENVbinpython cant open file UsersxTESTENVbineasyinstall [Errno 2] No such file or directory   Complete output from command UsersxTESTENVbinpython x UsersxTESTENVbineasyinstall UsersxLibrar...pportpip1.1.tar.gz   UsersxTESTENVbinpython cant open file UsersxTESTENVbineasyinstall [Errno 2] No such file or directory  ...Installing pip...done. Traceback most recent call last   File Usersxbinvirtualenv, line 9, in ltmodulegt     loadentrypointvirtualenv1.7.2, consolescripts, virtualenv   File UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesvirtualenv.py, line 942, in main     neverdownloadoptions.neverdownload   File UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesvirtualenv.py, line 1054, in createenvironment     installpippyexecutable, searchdirssearchdirs, neverdownloadneverdownload   File UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesvirtualenv.py, line 654, in installpip     filterstdoutfiltersetup   File UsersxLibraryPython2.7sitepackagesvirtualenv.py, line 1020, in callsubprocess      cmddesc, proc.returncode OSError Command UsersxTESTENVbinpython x UsersxTESTENVbineasyinstall UsersxLibrar...pportpip1.1.tar.gz failed with error code 2 codepre  pSo it looks like my PYTHONPATH is somehow blanked out in the environment virtualenv is trying to build. That should be easy to fix, rightp
Negative 3262 pWe are trying to display the input audio signals already recorded form an electric guitar, using a variety of amplifiers.  We are looking for an algorithm to display with Java.p  pWe are currently looking at AWT and Swing libraries and are wondering which would be better  suited to graphic or visually displaying thisp
Negative 3262 pIm making a database application, and my program works and Ive understood most of the tutorial Ive been following. However, one aspect remains unclear to me.p  pThere is an inner class of MyDBHelper extending SQLiteOpenHelper. emOuterem variables include the SQLiteDatabase called d. The code for the MyDBHelper isp  precodeprivate static class MyDBHelper extends SQLiteOpenHelper          MyDBHelperContext c              superc, DBNAME, null, DBVERSION                   Override         public void onCreateSQLiteDatabase db              try                  db.execSQLDATABASECREATE              catch SQLException e                  e.printStackTrace                                Override         public void onUpgradeSQLiteDatabase db, int oldVers, int newVers              Log.wTAG, Upgrading database from version   oldVers   to   newVers  , which will destroy all old data.             db.execSQLDROP TABLE IF EXISTS GM             onCreatedb               codepre  pMy question is how does this actually create the initial database. It  occurs in the onCreate method, but as far as I can see, this is strongneverstrong called. I understand that it is called when the database is created for the first time, but where And furthermore, how is it passed a SQLiteDatabase db I havent passed any database to the method. And how is my SQLiteDatabase db variable from the emouterem class set to the created database Could someone talk me through this like an idiotp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to use sikuli to verify if an image appears on the html page or not. Below is the codep  precodepublic void verifyimage      Screen s  new Screen     WebDriver driver  new FirefoxDriver      driver.gethttptestpage.com     WebElement id  driver.findElementBy.idinputid     id.sendKeys123     WebElement type  driver.findElementBy.idinputtext     type.sendKeysText     WebElement submitBtn  driver.findElementBy.cssSelectorinput[typesubmit]     submitBtn.click     try          s.waitx.png          catch  FindFailed e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace      codepre  pAnd Im getting the following error when I run itp  precode[info] Sikuli vision engine loaded. [error] x.png looks like a file, but cant be found on the disk. Assume its text. [info] Text Recognizer inited. [error] x.png looks like a file, but cant be found on the disk. Assume its text. FindFailed can not find x.png on the screen. Line , in File  at org.sikuli.script.Region.handleFindFailedRegion.java420 at org.sikuli.script.Region.waitRegion.java511 at org.sikuli.script.Region.waitRegion.java478 at com.pictela.runScriptTest.testScript300x250runScriptTest.java41 at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java39 at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java25 at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java597 at org.testng.internal.MethodInvocationHelper.invokeMethodMethodInvocationHelper.java80 at org.testng.internal.Invoker.invokeMethodInvoker.java714 at org.testng.internal.Invoker.invokeTestMethodInvoker.java901 at org.testng.internal.Invoker.invokeTestMethodsInvoker.java1231 at org.testng.internal.TestMethodWorker.invokeTestMethodsTestMethodWorker.java127 at org.testng.internal.TestMethodWorker.runTestMethodWorker.java111 at org.testng.TestRunner.privateRunTestRunner.java767 at org.testng.TestRunner.runTestRunner.java617 at org.testng.SuiteRunner.runTestSuiteRunner.java334 at org.testng.SuiteRunner.runSequentiallySuiteRunner.java329 at org.testng.SuiteRunner.privateRunSuiteRunner.java291 at org.testng.SuiteRunner.runSuiteRunner.java240 at org.testng.SuiteRunnerWorker.runSuiteSuiteRunnerWorker.java52 at org.testng.SuiteRunnerWorker.runSuiteRunnerWorker.java86 at org.testng.TestNG.runSuitesSequentiallyTestNG.java1197 at org.testng.TestNG.runSuitesLocallyTestNG.java1122 at org.testng.TestNG.runTestNG.java1030 at org.testng.remote.RemoteTestNG.runRemoteTestNG.java111 at org.testng.remote.RemoteTestNG.initAndRunRemoteTestNG.java204 at org.testng.remote.RemoteTestNG.mainRemoteTestNG.java175 codepre  pI tried having the image file placed under the same folder as the java file, and also in its separate folder under projectimages. However Im still getting the same result. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks.p
Negative 3262 precode val textArea  new TextAreatext        addEventFilterKeyEvent.ANY, event KeyEvent gt          if event.getEventType  KeyEvent.KEYPRESSED ampamp event.getCode  KeyCode.ENTER            event.consume           if event.isAltDown             insertTextgetCaretPosition,n                      codepre  pHow to disable sound when I press ALT ENTER in javafx.scene.control.TextAreap
Negative 3262 pStupid mistake on my part, but I did a pull amp merge and forgot to do a commit after the merge.p  pI started working with some files and deleted a folder by mistake.  I tried doing codehg restorecode on the files, but I get the errorp  precodeabort uncommitted merge with no revision specified codepre  pand if I try to do codehg cicode I getp  precodeabort cannot commit merge with missing files codepre  pHow can I restore the files so I can commit the merge and continue workingp
Negative 3262 pIs there a typeof like function in Java that returns the type of a primitive data type PDT variable or an expression of operands PDTsp  pcodeinstanceofcode seems to work for class types only.p
Negative 3262 pMobile Safari automatically inserts commas when using a number input . That is fine. However, when you try to edit one of these large numbers, it does not let you unless you manually delete the commas.p  pExample   Type in 500000  Mobile Safari turns it into 500,000  Try to delete the last 0 in the number to turn the number into 50000 or 50,000  It doesnt work.p  pNote Deleting one of the first two 0s such that the number turns into 50,000 and has correct commas works. Its really the fact that safari wont let you edit it in a way that makes the comma incorrect. Is there an easy way to turn this on I guess we could manually use javascript and listen to every number typed and then manipulate the value Or we could switch the input to tel and not have the commasp
Negative 3262 pI just ported my game to Win8JS. It was fairly simple surprisingly. But I made the game with a fixed resolution in mind. I have explicitly set a resolution of 800 x 500 pixels on all canvas elements but I want them to scale automatically to all resolutions on the simulator  how do I achieve that p  pThis is how my game looks right now a hrefhttpi.msdn.microsoft.comdynimgIC571329.png relnofollowhttpi.msdn.microsoft.comdynimgIC571329.pnga  p  pOn the same link a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsappshh780612.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsappshh780612.aspxa p  pit says canvas automatically fills the empty space but it doesnt in my case probably because I have pre defined fixed height and width p  pHow do I go on about this If I remove the width and height then the canvas wont be visible. Fairly new to all this  would appreciate help. p  pThanks p
Negative 3262 pSay I have a file which contains a few entries like thisp  precode021011 102635 AM UTC, 0 021011 102638 AM UTC, 1 021011 102642 AM UTC, 0 codepre  pIs there any straightforward way, in codeRcode, to turn this information into a fulllength binary timeseries assuming a one second sampling interval, imputed with zeros and onesp  pIn this example the series would be em0 0 0 1 1 1 1 0emp  pEDIT Because Dirk and Josh gave unique solutions I wanted to see how they compare in terms of processing timep  precodelibraryxts librarydata.table libraryrbenchmark  doseq lt functionN,Nby   base.t ltlt Sys.time   t.seq ltlt base.t  seq.intfrom0, toN, byNby   n.t ltlt lengtht.seq   val.seq ltlt 1n.t  1  2   josh lt functionN,Nby10   doseqN,Nby   dt1 lt data.tabletime  t.seq, valval.seq, keytime   dt2 lt data.tabletime  withdt1, seqmintime, maxtime, by1, key  time   dtf lt dt1[dt2, rolltolast  TRUE]   returndtf   dirk lt functionN,Nby10   doseqN,Nby   xt1 lt xtsval.seq, t.seq   secs lt seqstartxt1, endxt1, by1 sec   xtf lt zoona.locfmergext1, xts, secs   returnxtf   bm lt benchmarkjosh1e2,10, josh1e3,10, josh1e4,10, josh1e5,10, josh1e6,10,   dirk1e2,10, dirk1e3,10, dirk1e4,10, dirk1e5,10, dirk1e6,10,   columnsctest, replications,elapsed, relative,   replications10  printbm codepre  pgivingp  precode              test replications elapsed relative 6    dirk100, 10           10   0.024    1.000 7   dirk1000, 10           10   0.026    1.083 8  dirk10000, 10           10   0.044    1.833 9  dirk1e05, 10           10   0.321   13.375 10 dirk1e06, 10           10   3.342  139.250 1    josh100, 10           10   0.034    1.417 2   josh1000, 10           10   0.036    1.500 3  josh10000, 10           10   0.070    2.917 4  josh1e05, 10           10   0.453   18.875 5  josh1e06, 10           10   5.381  224.208 codepre  pSo it seems they arent too different, but the codextscode method is somewhat faster than the codedata.tablecode method.p
Negative 3262 pI have project with multi module structure, like thisp  precoderoot  core      coreservices      coregwtui  somelikecoremodules  rootwar codepre  pstrongrootwarstrong this is module to compress all other modules emjarsem to one em.warem. When maven builds strongcoregwtuistrong Ill got strongwebappstrong dir in emsrc.mainem. With another modules is the same story. p  pSo, How to tune emrootwar.pomem to collect all gwt build results in to one strongwarstrongp  pHere is my maven plugin configuration to build strongcoregwtuistrongp  precodeltplugingt     ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.mojoltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtgwtmavenpluginltartifactIdgt     ltexecutionsgt         ltexecutiongt             ltgoalsgt                 ltgoalgtcompileltgoalgt             ltgoalsgt         ltexecutiongt     ltexecutionsgt     ltconfigurationgt         ltinplacegttrueltinplacegt         ltrunTargetgtsample.client.Sample25Sample25.htmlltrunTargetgt     ltconfigurationgt ltplugingt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have been trying to work on a web page, something simple, just to get my bearings since I am a true novice when it comes to all things webrelated.p  pI have a main page in HTML with a form, allowing the user to upload a file, a Python script that does the uploading and, finally, a Javascript file which takes the data from the form and sends it to the Python script.p  pThe Javascript code is as followsp  precodedocument.forms[0].onsubmit  functionev     ev  ev  event     ev.cancelBubble  true     ev.returnValue  false   if window.XMLHttpRequest       code for IE7, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari     xmlhttpnew XMLHttpRequest  else       code for IE6, IE5     xmlhttpnew ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP   var formdata  new FormData formdata.appendfileobj, fileElem.filename  formdata.appendappearname, appearname formdata.appendappear, appear  var xhr  new XMLHttpRequest xhr.openPOST, upload.py   xhr.sendformdata xmlhttp.onreadystatechange  function      if xmlhttp.readyState4 ampamp xmlhttp.status200              xmlDocxmlhttp.responseXML         var aux  JSON.parse xmlhttp.responseXML          if  estado  inserido                       img.src  aux.name             var img  new Image             img.src  fileElem.filename             img.height  100px  por exemplo             document.body.appendChild img                 codepre  pUnfortunately, this does not work as I intended, for it does not insert the image under the form, instead showing only the Python output.p  pAny help would be much appreciatedp  pThank you all in advance.p
Negative 3262 pIm attempting to parse some xml data into an array, then display the array in a Table View on the First View Controller. You can see that I already have parsed the data into what i need, then its all set up in the array. I just cant figure out how to get it to send to the table view within the GUI. Here is my arrayp  precode    NSString mountPoint1  [mountArray objectAtIndex 11]     NSString mountPoint2  [mountArray objectAtIndex 17]     NSString mountPoint3  [mountArray objectAtIndex 23]     NSString mountPoint4  [mountArray objectAtIndex 29]     NSString currentSong1  [mountArray objectAtIndex 16]     NSString currentSong2  [mountArray objectAtIndex 22]     NSString currentSong3  [mountArray objectAtIndex 28]     NSString currentSong4  [mountArray objectAtIndex 34]     NSString listeners1  [mountArray objectAtIndex 14]     NSString listeners2  [mountArray objectAtIndex 20]     NSString listeners3  [mountArray objectAtIndex 26]     NSString listeners4  [mountArray objectAtIndex 32]     NSLogmountpoint1 should be dev  , mountPoint1     NSLogAll data  , mountArray      First mount is 11     NSLogFirst mount point  , mountPoint1     NSLogCurrrent Song playing on mount Dev  , currentSong1     NSLogCurrrent listeners on mount Dev  , listeners1     NSLogSecond mount point  , mountPoint2     NSLogCurrrent Song playing on mount Metal  , currentSong2     NSLogCurrrent listeners on mount Metal  , listeners2     NSLogThird mount point  , mountPoint3     NSLogCurrrent Song playing on mount OrienLive  , currentSong3     NSLogCurrrent listeners on mount OrienLive  , listeners3     NSLogFourth mount point  , mountPoint4     NSLogCurrrent Song playing on mount Rock  , currentSong4     NSLogCurrrent listeners on mount Rock  , listeners4 codepre
Negative 3262 pi am trying to get a hrefhttpclojure.orgconcurrentprogramming relnofollowthe official example of clojure concurrencya closer to a java version using manual locking. a hrefhttpsgist.github.com3712560 relnofollowIn this gista i put the java and clojure code and the thread dump of a VisualVm profile of all versions.  Here it is the clojure code and timingp  precodens simpleexample genclass set warnonreflection true  original from httpclojure.orgconcurrentprogramming import java.util.concurrent Executors Future SimpleLockingNode  defn testconcur [iter refs nthreads niters]   let [pool ExecutorsnewFixedThreadPool nthreads         tasks map fn [t]                       fn []                         dotimes [n niters]                           iter refs t                    range nthreads]     doseq [Future future .invokeAll pool tasks]       .get future     .shutdown pool  defn teststm [nitems nthreads niters]   let [refs vec map ref repeat nitems 0         iter dosync doseq [r ] alter r  1 2]     testconcur iter refs nthreads niters     map deref refs  defn testatom [nitems nthreads niters]   let [refs vec map atom repeat nitems 0         iter doseq [r ] swap r  1 2]     testconcur iter refs nthreads niters     map deref refs   SimpleLockingNode is the class with the synchronized method of java version defn testlocking [nitems nthreads niters]   let [refs gtgt repeatedly SimpleLockingNode.                     take nitems vec         iter doseq [SimpleLockingNode n ] .sum n  1 2]     testconcur iter refs nthreads niters     map fn [SimpleLockingNode n] .read n refs  definterface INode   read []   add [v]  deftype Node [unsynchronizedmutable true value]   INode   read [] value   add [this v] set value  value v  defn testlockingnative [nitems nthreads niters]    let [refs gtgt repeatedly Node. 0           take nitems vec      iter doseq [Node n ]           locking n .add n  1 2]     testconcur iter refs nthreads niters     map fn [Node n] .read n refs  defn main [amp args]   readline   let [[type nitems nthreads niters] map readstring args     t apply  time  nitems nthreads niters]     case type       lock println Locking t testlocking        atom println Atom t testatom       stm println STM t teststm       locknative println Native locking t testlockingnative codepre  pTime in an old intel core duop  precodeJava version int nitems100 int nthreads10 final int niters1000 Sum node values 5500000 Time 31  simpleexamplegt main lock 100 10 1000 Elapsed time 60.030324 msecs Locking 5500000 nil simpleexamplegt main atom 100 10 1000 Elapsed time 202.309477 msecs Atom 5500000 nil simpleexamplegt main stm 100 10 1000 Elapsed time 1830.568508 msecs STM 5500000 nil simpleexamplegt main locknative 100 10 1000 Elapsed time 159.730149 msecs Native locking 5500000 nil codepre  pNOTE I dont want get a clojure version as fast as java one, or a stm version as fast as clojure using locks one. I know that is in general difficult and with some problems impossible. I know the use of atoms and stm is more composable,easier to use and less error prone than using manual locks. Those version are only the best possible referents in java and clojure for the problem well i did my best. My objective is get the atom and stm versions closer to locking ones, or to understand why maybe in this concrete example is not possible to speed up those versions.p  pNOTE Another comparation, this time with haskell versions using STM and MVars code in same gist linkedp  precodegtSimpleExampleMVar 100000 1000 6 Starting... 2100000000 Computation time 11.781 sec Done.  gtSimpleExampleSTM 100000 1000 6 Starting... 2100000000 Computation time 53.797 sec Done.  gtjava cp classes SimpleLocking Sum node values 2100000000 Time 15.703 sec  java cp classesCLOJUREJAR simpleexample lock 1000 6 100000 Elapsed time 27.545 secs Locking 2100000000  java cp classesCLOJUREJAR simpleexample locknative 1000 6 100000 Elapsed time 80.913 secs Native locking 2100000000  java cp classesCLOJUREJAR simpleexample atom 1000 6 100000 Elapsed time 95.143 secs Atom 2100000000  java cp classesCLOJUREJAR simpleexample stm 1000 6 100000 Elapsed time 990.255 secs STM 2100000000 codepre
Negative 3262 pI have develop an app in HTML5 and JS phonegap and now I have to import a JSON into the local SQLite. I have the below code in order to import from external serverp  precode        .ajax         url pathtomyfile,         data name Chad,         dataType jsonp,         success functiondata                 var count  data.posts.length                 .eachdata.posts, functioni,post                     notesdb.transactionfunctiont                      t.executeSqlINSERT into bill barcode, buildingcode, buildingaddress, flatname, flatdescription, entryseason, period, amount, pastpayments, todaypayments, receiptno VALUES ,,,,,,,,,,,                         [post.Id, post.Code, post.Address, post.Name, post.Description, post.EntrySeason, post.Period, post.Revenue, post.PastPayments, post.todaypayments, post.receiptno],                         function                              bill  bill  1                             mycontent article.htmlbill    data.posts.length   ltstronggtbillltstronggt                              if count  0                                  mycontent article.htmlltstronggtbill  ltfont colorgreengtOKltfontgtltstronggt                                                                                                                                    codepre  pHow should I convert the code if I have to import a local json var for examplep  precodevar mybilljson  jQuery.parseJSON billjson  codepre  pinto the same SQLitep
Negative 3262 pServlet not working in newly created Dynamic Web Project in Eclipse Juno for Java EE. Here is how it goes, from scratchp  ul liI downloaded Eclipse EE Juno, didnt change any of default configli liI downloaded latest Tomcat 7.0.30li liIn emPreferences  Server  Runtime Environmentsem I added new Apache Tomcat v7.0li liI created new Dynamic Web Project called UniBudget context root codebudgetcodeli liI added new file codeindex.jpscode with emit worksem insideli ul  pAt this moment after adding project to server and running it I could see emit worksem on screen. So, deployment works.p  ul lipNext I added servlet file codecontrol.Controller.javacodep  precodepackage control  import java.io.IOException import javax.servlet.ServletException import javax.servlet.annotation.WebServlet import javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse  WebServlet Controller, .do  public class Controller extends HttpServlet      private static final long serialVersionUID  1L      public Controller          super           protected void doGetHttpServletRequest request,             HttpServletResponse response throws ServletException, IOException          System.out.printlndoGet           protected void doPostHttpServletRequest request,             HttpServletResponse response throws ServletException, IOException          System.out.printlndoPost        codepreli lipI changed codeindex.jspcode to look like this, nothing morep  precodeltjspforward pagedepartments.dogt codepreli lipAnd of course codeweb.xmlcodep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltwebapp xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee xmlnswebhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaeewebapp25.xsd xsischemaLocationhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee httpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaeewebapp30.xsd idWebAppID version3.0gt     ltdisplaynamegtUniBudgetltdisplaynamegt     ltwelcomefilelistgt         ltwelcomefilegtindex.htmlltwelcomefilegt         ltwelcomefilegtindex.htmltwelcomefilegt         ltwelcomefilegtindex.jspltwelcomefilegt             ltwelcomefilegtdefault.htmlltwelcomefilegt             ltwelcomefilegtdefault.htmltwelcomefilegt         ltwelcomefilegtdefault.jspltwelcomefilegt     ltwelcomefilelistgt      lt servlet definition gt     ltservletgt         ltservletnamegtDoltservletnamegt         ltservletclassgtcontrol.Controllerltservletclassgt     ltservletgt     lt servlet mapping gt     ltservletmappinggt         ltservletnamegtDoltservletnamegt         lturlpatterngt.dolturlpatterngt     ltservletmappinggt     ltservletmappinggt         ltservletnamegtDoltservletnamegt         lturlpatterngtControllerlturlpatterngt     ltservletmappinggt ltwebappgt codepreli lipGenerated code.classcode files have to be in codeWEBINFclassescode right Thats what I read. So codeConfigure Build Path gt Source tab gt Browse gtcode I created codeclassescode folder in codeWEBINFcode in codeAdvancedcode I linked to folder in file system code... UniBudgetbuildclassescodepli lipThis is the file hierarchy in projectpli ul  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comyyM0w.png altfile hierarchy in projectp  ul lipI cleaned and built the UniBudget project and republished to server. Cleaned the server.pli lipI thought I would work now I mean displaying emdoGetem or emdoPostem in Console. But instead of printout in Console I got this errorp  precodeHTTP Status 404  budgetdepartments.do    type Status report  message budgetdepartments.do  description The requested resource is not available. codepreli lipthe same happens when I try to directly access codehttplocalhost8080budgetControllercode without redirection from codeindex.jspcodepli ul  pIt looks like Eclipse could not see the servlet at all Could you please point me where I make the mistake I cant figure this out for hoours now.p  hr  pstrongEDITstrongp  pAfter removing redundant annotation codeWebServletcode, another error occursp  precodeHTTP Status 503  Servlet Do is currently unavailable    type Status report  message Servlet Do is currently unavailable  description The requested service is not currently available. codepre  pError in consolep  precodewrz 24, 2012 93415 PM org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationDispatcher invoke WARNING Servlet Do is currently unavailable codepre  pNot much. But thats all.p  hr  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI found yet another error taking place here. Im not even sure how to recreate it, but at least this one provides some more log infop  precodeHTTP Status 500  An exception occurred processing JSP page index.jsp at line 3    type Exception report  message An exception occurred processing JSP page index.jsp at line 3  description The server encountered an internal error that prevented it from fulfilling this request.  exception   org.apache.jasper.JasperException An exception occurred processing JSP page index.jsp at line 3  1 lt page languagejava contentTypetexthtml charsetUTF8 2     pageEncodingUTF8gt 3 ltjspforward pagedepartments.dogt   Stacktrace     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.handleJspExceptionJspServletWrapper.java568     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.serviceJspServletWrapper.java455     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspFileJspServlet.java390     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspServlet.java334     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java722   root cause   javax.servlet.ServletException Error instantiating servlet class control.Controller     org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.doForwardPageContextImpl.java746     org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.forwardPageContextImpl.java716     org.apache.jsp.indexjsp.jspServiceindexjsp.java65     org.apache.jasper.runtime.HttpJspBase.serviceHttpJspBase.java70     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java722     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.serviceJspServletWrapper.java432     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspFileJspServlet.java390     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspServlet.java334     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java722   root cause   java.lang.ClassNotFoundException control.Controller     org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.loadClassWebappClassLoader.java1714     org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.loadClassWebappClassLoader.java1559     org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.doForwardPageContextImpl.java746     org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.forwardPageContextImpl.java716     org.apache.jsp.indexjsp.jspServiceindexjsp.java65     org.apache.jasper.runtime.HttpJspBase.serviceHttpJspBase.java70     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java722     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.serviceJspServletWrapper.java432     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspFileJspServlet.java390     org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspServlet.java334     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java722 codepre  hr  pstrongEDITstrongp  pError during codeproject right click gt Export gt WAR filecodep  precodejava.lang.NoClassDefFoundError orgeclipsewstwebinternaldeployablesIFlatDeployable     at org.eclipse.jst.j2ee.internal.archive.operations.JavaEEComponentExportOperation.getModuleParticipantsJavaEEComponentExportOperation.java77     at org.eclipse.jst.j2ee.internal.archive.operations.JavaEEComponentExportOperation.getParticipantsJavaEEComponentExportOperation.java43     at org.eclipse.jst.j2ee.internal.archive.operations.JavaEEComponentExportOperation.createFlatComponentArchiverJavaEEComponentExportOperation.java91     at org.eclipse.jst.j2ee.internal.archive.operations.ComponentExportOperation.exportComponentExportOperation.java191     at org.eclipse.jst.j2ee.internal.archive.operations.ComponentExportOperation.executeComponentExportOperation.java136     at org.eclipse.wst.common.frameworks.internal.datamodel.DataModelPausibleOperationImpl1.runDataModelPausibleOperationImpl.java385     at org.eclipse.core.internal.resources.Workspace.runWorkspace.java2344     at org.eclipse.wst.common.frameworks.internal.datamodel.DataModelPausibleOperationImpl.runOperationDataModelPausibleOperationImpl.java410     at org.eclipse.wst.common.frameworks.internal.datamodel.DataModelPausibleOperationImpl.runOperationDataModelPausibleOperationImpl.java360     at org.eclipse.wst.common.frameworks.internal.datamodel.DataModelPausibleOperationImpl.doExecuteDataModelPausibleOperationImpl.java247     at org.eclipse.wst.common.frameworks.internal.datamodel.DataModelPausibleOperationImpl.executeImplDataModelPausibleOperationImpl.java219     at org.eclipse.wst.common.frameworks.internal.datamodel.DataModelPausibleOperationImpl.cacheThreadAndContinueDataModelPausibleOperationImpl.java89     at org.eclipse.wst.common.frameworks.internal.datamodel.DataModelPausibleOperationImpl.executeDataModelPausibleOperationImpl.java207     at org.eclipse.wst.common.frameworks.internal.datamodel.ui.DataModelWizard1CatchThrowableRunnableWithProgress.runDataModelWizard.java220     at org.eclipse.jface.operation.ModalContextModalContextThread.runModalContext.java121 codepre
Negative 3262 pIf I load this html5 audio tag in a webviewp  precodeltaudio srcaudiodiables.m4a controlscontrolsgtltaudiogt codepre  pusing loadDataWithBaseURL with base url contentmy.epub.reader.contentprovider, the content provider returns a ParcelFileDescriptor.p  pWhen it loadswhen I click play, I hear no sound and my Android 3.2 Galaxy Tab 10.1 system or Android 4.0.3 emulator, log thisp  precodeEMediaPlayer19689 Unable to to create media player EHTML5Audio19689 couldnt load the resource contentmy.epub.reader.contentprovideraudiodiables.m4a exc java.io.IOException setDataSource failed. status0x80000000 codepre  pA html5 video tag is displaying strongfinestrong in the webview, loading it in the same way, using the same content provider.p  pWhat could be the problem with the audiop
Negative 3262 pIs there any simple way to show previous and next days with the date function in php p  precodeltphp echo date M m, l gt codepre  pfor examplep  pThatd just display Sep 09, Mondayp  phowever is there any way to have it so with the click of a button next itd show sep 10, tuesdayp
Negative 3262 pI have implemented an autocomplete search on my website using ajax autocomplete control.It uses web service which returns results from database.  I have a stored procedure which searches for all text values in all columns of all tables for this purpose.  The problem here is results taking long to show up in autcomplete control. I have also applied indexing on the most frequently searched table columns, but that to didnt help much. Can this be because of the load on the server, since the server is not a dedicated one. If not how can I fetch the results fasterp
Negative 3262 pWhat would be the best way to optimiseshorten this block of code. Im using the Jquery UI plugin select menu to  assign to a select number of elements.p  precodefooterfooter form select.selectmenu     style dropdown,     appendTo footerfooter form span   form.filters section.grid .industry select.selectmenu     style dropdown,     appendTo form.filters section.grid .industry   form.filters section.grid .subject select.selectmenu     style dropdown,     appendTo form.filters section.grid .subject   form.filters section.grid .year select.selectmenu     style dropdown,     appendTo form.filters section.grid .year    form.filters section.grid .organiser select.selectmenu     style dropdown,     appendTo form.filters section.grid .organiser  codepre
Negative 3262 pOK, Ive been going nuts with this. Im outputting a JSON from PHP, and the JSON View extension, for both Chrome and Firefox, is claiming its invalid. Both extensions work correctly on a hrefhttpjsonview.comexample.json relnofollowJSON Views examplea, so it seems likely that there actually emisem something wrong with my JSON ndash but I have no idea what.p  pThe Firefox version has an error messagep  precodeThere was an error parsing the JSON document. The document may not be wellformed. codepre  pThe Chrome version lacks such error messages, but still prints the JSON as plaintext.p  pI emamem setting the header, like so codeheaderContentType applicationjsoncode Ive checked the response header in Firebug and Chromes development tools it is correctly set in both cases. Removing that hides the error message in the Firefox version and the plaintext is not in a monospace font, but thats it.p  pComplete request headersp  precodeAccepttexthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8 AcceptCharsetISO88591,utf8q0.7,q0.3 AcceptEncodinggzip,deflate,sdch AcceptLanguageenUS,enq0.8 CacheControlmaxage0 Connectionkeepalive CookiemsgPublishID1347362550,1345649049 logoutrem1 shrand625703e7f9f9e03efabaef56f52ff97d7f68bc67 usernamekryan passwordf85720746a490ece4dd7a945f5c9ed8e25b15f1f fullnameKevinRyan usertype1 Hostlocalhost Pragmanocache UserAgentMozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 AppleWebKit537.1 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome21.0.1180.89 Safari537.1 codepre  pComplete response headersp  precodeConnectionKeepAlive ContentLength371 ContentTypeapplicationjson DateThu, 27 Sep 2012 191252 GMT KeepAlivetimeout5, max99 ServerApache2.4.2 Win32 OpenSSL1.0.1c PHP5.4.4 XPoweredByPHP5.4.4 codepre  pIve gone through many variations on the JSON itself, but I cant imagine that its the JSONs problem when something as simple as thisp  precodesessionexpired codepre  pis still failing. Ive checked repeatedly that is literally the entirety of the servers response, but JSON View still complains. For more complicated JSONs, Ive been usingp  precodeecho jsonencodeoutput, JSONPRETTYPRINT codepre  pwhere codeoutputcode is an associative array the output looks completely right but JSON View is still complaining. This is the only codeechocode in the file that isnt commented out.p  pSo what on earth could be going wrong here I really need JSON View I work with very large JSONs constantly and the ability to collapse and expand objects and arrays is critical to debugging my application. a hrefhttpjsonviewer.stack.hu relnofollowThis online JSON viewera seems to work, but my productivity is going to take a hit if I have to copy and paste the output of these PHP files every time Im testing them.p  pEDIT One thing I have found that works is if I do thisp  precodeltphp     headerContentType applicationjson     diedebugtrue      remainder of the program asis, starting with...     requiredbinfo.php codepre  pIf I then go with thisp  precodeltphp     headerContentType applicationjson     requiredbinfo.php  note this comes before the die statement     diedebugtrue      remainder of the program asis codepre  pI get the error again.p  pSo this implies that codedbinfo.phpcode is causing the problem.p  pEDIT Sorry, Ive removed codedbinfo.phpcode from this question because it might possibly contain sensitive data that should not be public even though I stripped out the obvious things. Since the emcontentem of codedbinfo.phpcode wasnt relevant, it just seems safer to remove it. See my answer below.p
Negative 3262 pI have created a web service using C and I have installed IIS Server 6.0. When I am running web service directly in project its working well.  Now I want to deploy this service on my systems IIS Server so that my LAN partners can use it. How should I do that And I want to change default port number of IIS too, how can I do thatp
Negative 3262 pI am a new user to both Unix and Xcode, so I apologize if this question is already discussed elsewhere. I am trying to use a third party algorithm database NAG C Library on my macbook, and in their users manual I saw the following linesp  precodegcc driver.c I[INSTALLDIR]include [INSTALLDIR]liblibnagcvl.dylib framework vecLib lpthread lm codepre  pI understand that codeI[INSTALLDIR]includecode is adding the directory into my header search path, but I have no idea what code[INSTALLDIR]liblibnagcvl.dylibcode is doing since it doesnt seem to be an option. Also, what does codeframeworkcode mean herep  pPerhaps the most important question is how I can implement these options when I am trying to build the program in Xcode IDE Sorry if this seems a lot of questions to answer... Thank youp
Negative 3262 pI am slowly learning C, but not very well. I have been reading over the countless topics and questions on reading and writing, but I have yet to be able to find anything that makes this all click for me.p  pI was given the following codep  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltstring.hgt  define MAX 100  struct YouTubeVideo   char videoname[1024]       YouTube video name int ranking                 Number of viewer hits char url[1024]              YouTube URL   struct YouTubeVideo Collection[MAX]  int tail  0   Forward Declaration   void printall void insertion void branchingchar option void menu    int main  char ch    TODO Add code to load save data from file  printfnnWelcome to CSE240 YouTube Classic Hitsn  do       menu      fflushstdin            Flush the standard input buffer       ch  tolowergetchar  read a char, convert to lower case      branchingch  while ch  q  return 0    void menu  printfnMenu Optionsn printfn printfi Insert a new favoriten printfp Review your listn  printfq Save and quitn printfnnPlease enter a choice i, p, or q gt     void branchingchar option  switchoption      case i         insertion     break      case p         printall     break      case q          TODO Add code to save data into a file     break      default         printfnError Invalid Input.  Please try again...      break    void insertion  iftail lt MAX      printfnWhat is the name of the video No spaces characters allowedn     scanfs, Collection[tail].videoname      printfnHow many viewer hits does this video haven     scanfd, ampCollection[tail].ranking      printfnPlease enter the URL      scanfs, ampCollection[tail].url      tail  else      printfnERROR Your collection is full. Cannot add new entries.n    void printall  int i   printfnCollections n   fori  0 i lt tail i      printfnVideo Name s, Collection[i].videoname     printfnRanking Hits d, Collection[i].ranking     printfnURL s, Collection[i].url     printfn   codepre  pI am suppose to write the code that will store the collection into a file and the likewise right the code that will load the file and read from it.p  pThanks to a fairly helpful TA I was able to formulate the following code for eachp  precodevoid store  FILE  fileName fileName  fopen  Ranking.dbm , wb  fwrite  Collection, sizeofstruct YouTubeVideo, MAX, fileName  fclose fileName                      codepre  pandp  precodevoid read  FILE fileName fileName  fopenranking.dbm, rb if fileName  NULL     fread  Collection, sizeofstruct YouTubeVideo, MAX, fileName  else      printfERROR                                                   codepre  pI believe these each to function but the real problem is I dont think I quite understand how and I believe that since I dont even know how they function, I dont know how to use them in the code.p  pI added both methods to the given code and came up with thisp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltctype.hgt  define MAX 100  struct YouTubeVideo  char videoname[1024]       YouTube video name int ranking                 Number of viewer hits char url[1024]              YouTube URL   struct YouTubeVideo Collection[MAX]  int tail  0   Forward Declaration  void printall void insertion void branchingchar option void menu void store void read   int main  char ch  read  printfnnWelcome to CSE240 YouTube Classic Hitsn  do      menu     fpurgestdin             Flush the standard input buffer     ch  tolowergetchar  read a char, convert to lower case     branchingch  while ch  q  return 0   void menu  printfnMenu Optionsn printfn printfi Insert a new favoriten printfp Review your listn printfq Save and quitn printfnnPlease enter a choice i, p, or q gt    void branchingchar option   switchoption      case i         insertion         break      case p         printall         break      case q         store         break       default         printfnError Invalid Input.  Please try again...         break    void insertion  iftail lt MAX      printfnWhat is the name of the video No spaces characters allowedn     scanfs, Collection[tail].videoname      printfnHow many viewer hits does this video haven     scanfd, ampCollection[tail].ranking      printfnPlease enter the URL      scanfs, ampCollection[tail].url      tail  else      printfnERROR Your collection is full. Cannot add new entries.n    void printall  int i  printfnCollections n  fori  0 i lt tail i      printfnVideo Name s, Collection[i].videoname     printfnRanking Hits d, Collection[i].ranking     printfnURL s, Collection[i].url     printfn     void store  FILE  fileName fileName  fopen  Ranking.dbm , wb  if fileName  NULL              fwrite  Collection, sizeofstruct YouTubeVideo, MAX, fileName         fclose fileName       else      perrorFollowing error occurred                           void read  FILE fileName fileName  fopenRanking.dbm, rb if fileName  NULL              fread  Collection, sizeofstruct YouTubeVideo, MAX, fileName         fclosefileName       else      perrorFollowing error occurred with fopen                                                    codepre  pNow I am sure anyone who has read this has probably already face palmed themselves cause they see the problem, but I do not. The code does not create the file to write to and likewise it has nothing to read from so I cant even begin to see what is wrong with that.  Now I am not looking for a given answer, but I would really like to know what it is I am doing incorrectly, what concepts I appear to not understand, and how I can go about fixing these. I have done a few hours of research on this already and  I realize it is elementary, but I really would like a hand in learning. Its frustrating spending hours on a topic that the professor said should only take a couple of hours to complete at most.p
Negative 3262 pI have a text file as followsit is having more than hundered thousands of linesp  precodeHeader AGROUP1 ADATA10000 ADATA20001 ADATA30002 D0000TNE D0001TNE D0002TNE AGROUP2 ADATA10000 ADATA20001 ADATA30002 D0000TNE D0001TNE D0002TNE AGROUP3 ADATA10000 ADATA20001 ADATA30002 D0000TNE D0001TNE D0002TNE codepre  pInfact it has more than hundered thousands lines of code.p  pI need to read data based on group For example in a methodp  precodepublic void ReadDatastring strGroup      ifstrGroup  AGROUP2        Read from the text file starting from line  AGROUP2 to AGROUP3i.e lines under AGROUP2  codepre  pWhat i have tried isp  precode public void ReadDatastring strGroup                   bool start  false              while line  reader.ReadLine  null                                              if line  strGroup ampamp line.Length  5                             start  true                         else if line.Length  5                             start  false                         ifstart                             yield return line                           codepre  pIt is working fine, Performance wise, it takes longer since my text file is a very very huge file....There is if condition on every line in the method.p  pIS the a better way to do thisp
Negative 3262 pIf I have a function like thisp  precodefunction a      console.loga  codepre  pand then assign a static property like thisp  precodea.static  foo codepre  pBut say I want to override the function with another function like thisp  precodevar old  a  a  function      console.lognew     old.callthis   a.static  undefined codepre  pSince I assigned a new function to codeacode, its static properties are lost. Is there a neat way to keep the static properties without looping and manually copying themp  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pHeres a real world scenario In Bootstrap jQuery plugins, the author assigns defaults to the property function like thisp  precode.fn.modal  function       some code   .fn.modal.defaults    some object  codepre  pSo if I want to extend the prototype I would normally dop  precodevar old  .fn.modal  .fn.modal  function       do my thing     old.applythis, arguments  codepre  pBut that would makep  precode.fn.modal.defaults  undefined codepre  pThis will break the functionality, because the defaults are lost. I was wondering if there a sneaky way in javascript to change emonly the functionem  without losing the static properties.p
Negative 3262 pI am new to xml, so if someone could point me out to what is wrong here I would bevery glad.p  pI am basically trying to validate a xml document in the formp  precodeltxml version1.1 encodingUTF8gt  lttag1gtfoolttag1gt lttag2gtbarlttag2gt lttreegt     ltmoreStuffBelowgtltmoreStuffBelowgt     lt  gt lttreegt codepre  pand am getting these error messages from the W3C validator p  precodeErrors found while checking this document as XML document type does not allow element tag2 here document type does not allow element tree here codepre  pThank youp
Negative 3262 pIm using osmf and Im tring to stream over http a m4v file osmf should support it Instead of streaming it, it downloads the whole file and when its done, it plays it. How can I make it stream it instead of downloading itp  pMy code isp  precodevar resourceURLResource  new URLResourcehttppathtofile.m4v mediaFactory  new DefaultMediaFactory var elementMediaElement  mediaFactory.createMediaElementresource player  new MediaPlayerelement container  new MediaContainer container.addMediaElementelement videoContainer.addChildcontainer codepre  pI have tried instead of using the mediaFactoryp  precodevar videoElementVideoElement   new VideoElementresource ,new HTTPStreamingNetLoader codepre  pNo success.p
Negative 3262 pI am getting a problem when fetching double value from using linq and converting it into string. My code isp  precode public ListltShowDataOnClientgt GetCardListToShow              try                      ListltShowDataOnClientgt CardList  new ListltShowDataOnClientgt             using ProgressCardLINQDataContext c  new ProgressCardLINQDataContext                              CardList  from card in c.GetTableltTPROGRESSCARDgt                             where card.RecordStatus.EqualsRecordStatus.Active                             select new ShowDataOnClient                                                              Studentfrom student in c.TSTUDENTs                                          where student.Id.Equalscard.StudentId                                          select student.Name.Single.ToString,                                 Testfrom test in c.TTESTs                                       where test.Id.Equalscard.TestId                                       select test.Name.Single.ToString,                                 MaxMarks  from test in c.TTESTs                                             where test.Id.Equalscard.TestId                                             select test.MaxMarks.Single.ToString,                                 MarksObtaincard.MarksObtain.ToString,                                 Percentagecard.Percentage.ToString                              .ToListltShowDataOnClientgt                          return CardList                  catch                      return new ListltShowDataOnClientgt               codepre  pI have tried this alsop  precode PercentageMath.Truncatecard.Percentage.ToString codepre  pand when i pass N2 in ToString it gives exception Method System.String ToStringSystem.String has no supported translation to SQL.p  pand the value i got after conversion is like this 5.200000000000000e001p  pis there anybody to help me..p
Negative 3262 pI am using the Django template system in my app, and in the child template I reference the  extends base.html  accordingly, though when redenring the template, it only comes up with the html tags and no css stylingthus not picking up the base.html template altogether. Please advise on what I am doing wrong. Could it be an issue with it not finding the location of my base.html templatep  pThis is the child template codep  precode extends base.html   block content    for field in form   form    endfor    endblock  codepre  pThis is the base.html template code relevant partsp  precodeltdiv idcontentgt lth2gt                 Page heading  This is where the functionality goes...             lth2gt             ltFIELDSETgtltINPUT classTest valueTest typesubmitgtltFIELDSETgt               block primary  endblock  ltdivgt codepre  pPlease let me know if you need any firther information to solve this issue.p  pI will add the views.py this evening London timep  pemThis all all sorted, many thanks for the helpemp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pIm happy with the output of my clock, however  I am not sure how to properly align my codedrawStringcode for the numbers which should appear at the tip of each tick mark on the clock. I am hoping someone might be able show the proper methodformula for this.p  precode    private void drawTickMarksGraphics2D g2           double radius  this.faceRadius       for int secs  0 secs lt 60 secs                double tickStart           if secs  5  0              tickStart  radius  15           else              tickStart  radius  5           tick  drawRadiisecs  60.0, tickStart, radius           if secs  5  0                           g2.setStrokenew BasicStroke3                  g2.drawStringsecs5,inttick.getX1inttick.getX1tick.getX2,                                                   inttick.getY1inttick.getY1tick.getY2                       else              g2.setStrokenew BasicStroke1            g2.setColorColor.WHITE          g2.drawtick            codepre  pThanks to Thinhbk for a valid and correct solution with code and Jon W for the proper steps of coming to a solution.p
Negative 3262 pHello i want to make animation of a frame change. But i dont find nothing similar on the internet. I know how to animate the frame change, but the tricky part is that for example i have a square and i want it to shrink to the center. So how do i change frame to achieve thatp  pDo i have to change the frame width and height and also the origin of the frame, or maybe there is some simpler solutionp  pAny help or references on how to do it would be very appreciated Thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI have a problem. Im making an app in ios 6 that get contacts from my address book but if i have enabled the contacts option with facebook get all my contacts from my address book and from facebook and i would like if there is possible with code dont get facebook contacts. Only solutions that i thougth is or merge contacts with the same name or delete the contacts that have an email with facebook.com.p  pOther solutionp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to do a static build of Qt 4.8.1 using mingw32make gcc 4.7.0 so that I can statically link my application for the sake of ease of usedelivery.p  pI keep getting a strange error from mingw32make, though, which I do not understand.p  precode..3rdpartyjavascriptcoreJavaScriptCoreruntimeJSGlobalObject.h270103 warning control reaches end of nonvoid function [Wreturntype] Makefile.Release2033 recipe for target objreleaseJSBase.o failed mingw32make[2]  [objreleaseJSBase.o] Error 1 mingw32make[2] Leaving directory CStaticQtqtsrcscript Makefile34 recipe for target release failed mingw32make[1]  [release] Error 2 mingw32make[1] Leaving directory CStaticQtqtsrcscript Makefile1360 recipe for target subscriptsubsrctargetordered failed mingw32make  [subscriptsubsrctargetordered] Error 2 codepre  pLooking in the associated Makefile.Release file, on the indicated lines, I find thesep  precodeMakefile.Release 2033 CXX c CXXFLAGS INCPATH o objreleaseJSBase.o ..3rdpartyjavascriptcoreJavaScriptCoreAPIJSBase.cpp Makefile.Release 1360 CXX c CXXFLAGS INCPATH o objreleasepcrecompile.o ..3rdpartyjavascriptcoreJavaScriptCorepcrepcrecompile.cpp Makefile 34 MAKE f MAKEFILE.Release codepre  pI really understand very little about makefiles, so havent a clue what these lines mean. Any help with this would be very much appreciated.p  pEDIT it just occured to me it may be useful for people to know the commandline arguments I used... Well, I followed this guide a hrefhttpwww.qtcentre.orgwikiindex.phptitleBuildingstaticQtonWindows relnofollowhttpwww.qtcentre.orgwikiindex.phptitleBuildingstaticQtonWindowsap
Negative 3262 pIm working on a streaming twitter client after 12 days of constant running, Im getting memory usage of 1.4gigs 32 bit process and soon after it hits that amount, Ill get an out of memory exception on code thats essentially this this code will error in lt30 seconds on my machinep  precodewhile true    Task.Factory.StartNew gt        dynamic dyn2  new ExpandoObject      get a ton of text, make the string random      enough to be be interned, for the most part     dyn2.text  Get500kOfText  Get500kOfText  DateTime.Now.ToString         DateTime.Now.Millisecond.ToString      codepre  pIve profiled it and its definitely due to class way down in the DLR from memory I dont have my detailed info here xxRuntimeBinderxx and xxAggregatexx.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5212064whatsthememoryfootprintofthedlrThis answer from Eric Lippert microsofta seems to indicate that Im making expression parsing objects behind the scenes that dont ever get GCd even though no reference is kept to anything in my code.p  pIf thats the case, is there some way in the code above to either prevent it or lessen itp  pMy fallback is to eliminate the dynamic usage, but Id prefer not to.p  h2Thanksh2  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pstrong121412strongp  pemTHE ANSWERemp  pThe way to get strongthis particular examplestrong to free up its tasks was to yield Thread.Sleep0, which would then allow the GC to handle the freed up tasks. Im guessing a messageevent loop wasnt being allowed to process in this particular case.p  pemIn the actual code I was usingem TPL Dataflow, strongemI was not calling Completeemstrong on the blocks because they were meant to be a neverending dataflow the task would take Twitter messages as long as twitter would send them. In this model, there was never any reason to tell any of the blocks that they were done because theyd never strongBEstrong done as long as the app was running.p  pUnfortunately, it doesnt look like Dataflow blocks were never designed to be very long running or handle untold numbers of items because they actually keep a reference to everything thats sent into them. If Im wrong, please let me know.p  pSo the workaround is to periodically based on your memory usage mine was every 100k twitter messages free the blocks and set them up again.p  pUnder this scheme, my memory consumption never goes over 80megs and after recycling the blocks and forcing GC for good measure, the gen2 heap goes back down to 6megs and everythings fine again.p  pstrong101712strongp  ul liemThis isnt doing anything usefulem This example is merely to allow you to generate the problem quickly. Its boiled down from a few hundred lines of code that have nothing to do with the issue.li liemAn infinite loop creating a task and in turn creates objectsem Remember this merely demonstrates the issue quickly the actual code is sitting there waiting for more streaming data. Also looking at the code all of the objects are created inside the Actionlt lambda in the task. Why isnt this being cleaned up eventually after it goes out of scope The issue also isnt due to doing it too quickly the actual code requires more than a day to arrive at the out of memory exception this just makes it quick enough to try things out.li liemAre tasks guaranteed to be freedem An objects an object, isnt it My understanding is that the schedulers just using threads in a pool and the lambda that its executing is going to be thrown away after its done running regardless.li ul
Negative 3262 pi am very confused about use of db or persistent store, if i use db then i have to store it on mmc because i have read some where that all BB devices do not allow to store db in phone memory, if i make db on mmc then user can delete it, and the second approach is Persistent Store, but it is not easy to manipulate when we have large amount of data, how can manage tons of keys to retrieve and store data in persistent store, and how can i perform delete,edit operation on persistent stored data.  Do not know what to, very much confused. Which approach will be best and what will the mechanism. kindly suggest.p
Negative 3262 pIhave multiple records of the structure in the column1 column that I want to update the type in the same columm.p  pThese filds contain information about the language, categories level and name, in only one FILD.p  pInformation is separated by symbols as followsp  ol li   two points separating language by root language  Top li li    Slash  separating root  Top  level1 by category, and category level1  level2  by diferent level category.li liSo the FILD will have the following form languageToplevellevelli ol  pInformation stored on FILDS comes from two different sources one is internal and the other FILDS without root Top  come from an external source and must be updated by SQLp  preal exemple fild strongbeforestrong ampltbampgtEnglischampltbampgtlevelTestlater strongafterstrong ampltbampgtEnglischampltbampgtToplevelTestlaterp  preal exemple tablep  precodebefore                                           after language0Toplevel0namecategory                  language0Toplevel1namecategory language1nametest2namecategory                   language1nametest2namecategory language2level1namecategory                      language2Toplevel1level2namecategory language3level1level2namecategory              language3Toplevel1level2namecategory language4level1level2level3namecategory      language4Toplevel1level2level3namecategory codepre  pfirst line have already changed so we need to SELECT only those record that start with languagelevel1 p  pstrongtableexample1strongp  precodeid    column1                         1    language0Toplevel1level2level3level4 2    language1nametest2etc 3    language2level1level2level3level4 4    language3level1level2level3 5    language3level1level2 6    languagelevel1 codepre  pNote p  ul liOnly these fields must be updated in the example line id 3,4,5,6 and only column1 in the tableli liThe results must be like line id 1 column1 codelanguage0Topnametestetcetccode.li liThe field codelanguage1nametest2etccode in line id 2 column1 will be ignored is diferent format and stored diferent information.li liBasis for not changing line 2 is diferent link value nametest2nametest LIKE nametest onlyli lithis  symbol not exist in the fild is only to delineate you can see before column, after columnli liThe FILD should be updated only if after the following two points   there is exactly the expression followed by the slash level1li ul  pOther records that start otherwise must not be modified.p  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 3262 pIm creating Car objects and Im keeping count of the number of cars created with the variable carCounter.  CarCounter starts at 0, and I want to name the Car objects carcarCounter and increase the counter each time I create a car, so that the cars are named car0, car1, car2, etc...  How could I do that during the creation of the objectsp  pSomething like Car carcarCounter  new Car  p
Negative 3262 pSuppose I have p  precodeclass Student  String name int    age String teacher  codepre  pThen p  precodepublic class App1      public static void mainString[] args              Student st  new Student         st.setNametoto          XStream xs  new XStream          xs.aliasstudent,Student.class          System.out.printlnxs.toXMLst      codepre  pp  pGives me p  precodeltstudentgt   ltnamegttotoltnamegt   ltagegt0ltagegt ltstudentgt codepre  pIs there a way for dealing null values   I mean p  precodeltstudentgt   ltnamegttotoltnamegt   ltagegt0ltagegt   ltteachergtltteachergt ltstudentgt codepre  pIts possible if I do p  precodest.setTeacher codepre  pbut not if teacher is null.p  pI tried with a custom converter but it seems the null values are not sent to the converter.p
Negative 3262 pmy project struture looks likep  precodeproject        srcmain                java ...                resources                          definitions.txt                test                     CurrentTest.java                resources ... codepre  pIn my test I need to open the codedefinitions.txtcodep  pI dop  precode Test  public void testReadDesiredDefinitions throws PersistenceException, IOException          final Properties definitions  new Properties         definitions.loadnew ResourceService.getStreamdesiredDefinitions         System.out.printlndefinitions   codepre  pWhen I run this, I get p  precodejava.lang.NullPointerException     at java.util.PropertiesLineReader.readLineProperties.java418     at java.util.Properties.load0Properties.java337     at java.util.Properties.loadProperties.java325 codepre  pHow can I read this text filep  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI am looking for information on the strongiOS Enterprise Developer Program.strong From what I read, inhouse distribution allows companies to distribute iOS apps internally without knowing the devices UDIDs unlike what happens with the adhoc distribution. Apps built with these profiles can be emtechnicallyem installed on any iOS device without limits on the number of devices, but the license agreement says we cant distribute enterprise apps to anyone outside the company.p  pFrom what I read, we can distribute apps through any medium we want within the enterprise. In our case, we want to put the code.ipacode and its code.plistcodeon our intranet protected via authentication. Our users can just browse to that site with any iOS device, type in their credentials, click on the link and install the app. Thats great.p  pBut how updates work I cant find information on this topic. If I create a new version of the app, all devices are updated automatically without my interventionp
Negative 3262 pAfter Much Searching I am still unable to find a solution to my problem. I have created two websites. One Flash Based a hrefhttpwww.riverviewhurricanes.org relnofollowwww.riverviewhurricanes.orga     and one HTML based a hrefhttpwww.golfcartsuncity.com relnofollowwww.golfcartsuncity.coma. Both of The Websites Cutoff at the Bottom when viewed on a widescreen. I will post source or java script when someone replies but Im a noob just starting out and not sure if i change in the index source style.js or layout.css or ie.css. Let me know what source i should post so that you may help me out in the most efficient manner.Both of these sites are live and I appreciate all of the help in advance. Thank you so much and I look forward to your reply.p
Negative 3262 pIm looking for an algorithm to find a list of numbers between two integers such that the digits in each number dont repeat  p  pFor example, given an input of 2 and 12, the answer would be all numbers except 11.  The naive solution would be to iterate over the numbers and check whether any digit repeats.  However, for big numbers, this approach would take a huge amount of time.p  hr  pi need to find the count of such no.s between the given two large no.s Another method i thought was to take an arraya[10] of size 10 where each index would store the frequecy of each digit of a certain no. bw the limits,and if we get an index where freq exceeds 1,that no would be discarded. I would repeat this for all the no.s between the limits,each time initializing the array a indexes to 0. But this method too will take huge comutation time for large inputslike when the limits are 1 to 109. I need a still better method.p
Negative 3262 pIs there any way to enforce the usage of the C11 codeoverridecode keyword in Visual C 2012p  pi.e. if I forget to say codeoverridecode, then I want to get a warningerror.p
Negative 3262 pTherea way in javascript to allow the user input in a text field input typetext only digits but optionally having the minus before them I.e. only negative and positive numberp
Negative 3262 pIve got a methodp  precodepublic void generateLink          String url  com.google.gwt.user.client.Window.Location.getHref         String[] url2  url.splitampxmx         url  url2[0]         float xmax  extent.getXMax         float xmin  extent.getXMin         float ymax  extent.getYMax         float ymin  extent.getYMin         int wkid2  this.wkid         url  url  ampxmxxmaxampxmnxminampymx ymaxampymnyminampwkid  wkid2               textItemlinkdomapy.setValueurl         textItemlinkdomapy.setSelectOnFocustrue         textItemlinkdomapy.focusInItem       codepre  pI wanna highlight textitem component after putting a text to it. How could I do itp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to connect my UI elements with database tables through the table adapter. I have created a query to insert the data into the database, there are no errors but the database is not updating.p  precodeprivate void SaveBtnClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      string Bcode  InvTxt1.Text             string Cid  customerTxt.Text             string s  notassign             DateTime Ctime  DateTime.Now              AppDatabase1DataSet ds  new AppDatabase1DataSet             AppDatabase1DataSet.orderTableDataTable dt  new AppDatabase1DataSet.orderTableDataTable             this.orderTableTableAdapter1.GetData             this.orderTableTableAdapter1.InsertQueryBcode, Cid, s, Ctime          codepre
Negative 3262 pWhat is the best way to handle any faults that may occur for a WCF service So apart from trycatch in the serviceWCF itself, what if the client faults for example the system went down i.e MSMQ went down on a cluster or something  things like this will cause WCF service host to fault.p  pHow can I restart the service safely after a period of x seconds I tried doing this but even when I create a new ServiceHost after Abort when I have entered the Faulted state, I always get an error saying that the communication channel has faulted or is closed.p  pWhat can you recommend as a good solution to restart the service host app if it faults, and to successfully reestablish that host after it being faultedp
Negative 3262 pI got galaxy nexus with resolution is 720x1280. But when I call window.width it just return 360px. Are there anyway to calculate value of window.width on other devices For an example, galaxy s 480x800 I need those values for my media queriesp  precodemedia only screen and minwidth 360px     body         fontsize 62.5       codepre
Negative 3262 pIm using Mobli api for my application and look for EndPoint for getting all the public photos according to Geo coordinates and this is the only parameter I want to use. not search query or any other parameters.p  pAny Idesp
Negative 3262 pI have a MongoDB database with audio files stored in GridFS. HTML5 audio tag works with a link to a method that gets audio from MongoDBp  precodefile  gridgtfindOnearrayid gt new MongoIdid headerContentLength  . filegtfile[length] headerContentType  . filegtfile[filetype] headerContentDisposition filename . filegtfile[filename] echo filegtgetBytes codepre  pAll is good but one thing I cant use slidebar to skip through audio, it only plays from start to end.p
Negative 3262 pAm building a restful web service which needs to populate data from a parsed JSON object into a cache.p  pQuestionsp  ol lipWhat are the cheapest preferably open source and easiest to use cache systems that support Java, Web Service Restful, and tomcat integrationpli lipDo they have an expiration policypli lipDo they have support for inmemory and  or file system persistencepli ol  pI am seeking something that doesnt require a big learning curve.p  pThank you for taking the time to read this...p
Negative 3262 pI havent worked with nio much and Im having some trouble with releasing a FileLock.  Basically, in JVMA I have a NONSHARABLE write lock on a file which looks something like thisp  precodeFile lockfile  new Filem.lock RandomAccessFile writeFile  new RandomAccessFilelockfile, rw FileChannel writeChannel  writeFile.getChannel FileLock writeLock  writeChannel.tryLock0L, Long.MAXVALUE, false codepre  pThen in JVMB I try to create a SHARABLE read lock on the same file which looks something like thisp  precodeFile lockfile  new Filem.lock RandomAccessFile readFile  new RandomAccessFilelockfile, r FileChannel readChannel  readFile.getChannel FileLock readLock  readChannel.tryLock0L, Long.MAXVALUE, true   while readLock  null      System.out.printlnunable to get lock     Thread.sleep5000     readLock  readChannel.tryLock0L, Long.MAXVALUE, true  codepre  pMy problem is that JVMB loops forever and never gets a SHARABLE read lock.  Even if JVMA does codewriteLock.releasecode codewriteChannel.closecode and codewriteFile.closecode and even if JVMA exits and is no longer running, JVMB is still not able to get a SHARABLE read lock on the file.p  pSo what am I missing herep
Negative 3262 pIm using this regular expression to parse a string like codeCALENDAR YEAR 2012code.Can someone suggest a better one  And I want to use matcher.find  codeCALENDAR YEARs2dddcodep  pI want to get 2012 in a group. p  pI cant understand why it prints null when i do thisp  precode while myMatcher.find       System.out.printlnmyMatcher.group1      System.out.printlnmyMatcher.group2          CALENDAR YEAR  2012 null null codepre  pEDIT How will I change the expression if the code is using matches and i Still want to parse the year out of the stringp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to save and load an codeImageSourcecode or codeBitmapSourcecode to and from an XML file.  A quick look on SO gave me a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma7262418340045this answera.p  pIt looked ok so I tried it out but I am getting a strange result.p  pWhen I try this code everything worksp  precodeBitmapSource testImgSrc  new WriteableBitmapnew BitmapImagenew Uripackapplication,,,MyNameSpacecomponentImagesMyImg.png BackgroundImage  testImgSrc codepre  pBut when I try this code the image just does not appear at allp  precodeBitmapSource testImgSrc  new WriteableBitmapnew BitmapImagenew Uripackapplication,,,MyNameSpacecomponentImagesMyImg.png string testImgStr  ImageToBase64testImgSrc BitmapSource testImg  Base64ToImagetestImgStr BackgroundImage  testImg codepre  pThere dont seem to be any errors or exceptions.  When steping through the code codeBackgroundImagecode looks like it gets set to a valid image object.p  pMy WPF form has an image control that has its source bound to a property that returns the result of the codeBackgroundImagecode property.  I am guessing the binding is working ok because the first test works as expected.p  pCan anyone help me to understand why the second test is not displaying my imagep
Negative 3262 pI have developed an app in the inhouse, enterprise mode. While testing i was using the iPad provided to me by my company. I tested on it. I had certificates from developer member center. Tested just fine. p  pNow I have deployed the files on our secure server.I have a link where the .ipa files are present. So i used my same testing iPad and downloaded the app from that link via safari on the iPad. It installed and ran successfully. Now i gave that link to another member of my team and he has his own iPad. When he clicks that link it starts installing but it doesnt finish.He gets an error.The error he gets isp  pcodeUnable to download Application.XYZ app could not be installed at this time. Done .Retry.code  p  pSame thing with another iPad. These iPads are NOT registered under testing on member center. So i have a thought. Since while testing i had certificates and all on my testing iPad, it might have recognized it and installed it.But the other completely new iPads are not identified. So how do i do itHow can i say my app that it is safe to install on soso iPad that belongs to my coworker. If i am not clear please ask.Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pI need to insert some missing line breakers in an onecolumn R dataframe. Those line breakers were missing from the data collection phase.p  pThe data looks likep  precodeV1 Apple OrangeBanana BananaBananaBanana Watermelon GrapeBanana codepre  pso all the line breakers before Banana are missingp  pI want to search for Banana and add those missing line breakers so it looks likep  precodeV1 Apple Orange Banana Banana Banana Banana Watermelon Grape Banana codepre
Negative 3262 pIm trying to setup a shared repository for a project Im working on for work. Im still fairly new to this as my work never really used any source control before now. Were trying to setup a shared git repository. After the initial commit is made no other user can push any changes. Only the user who made the initial commit is capable of making any changes. Others can pull and clone, but not push.p  pIm initializing the shared repository withp  precodegit init bare project.git codepre  pAfter the initial commit, other users when pushing from netbeans get the errorp  precodeREJECTEDOTHERREASON codepre  pWhich quite frankly isnt very helpful. Any help would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 3262 pjavax.swing.JTable has a bug,  if we sort the table while a null valued cell is editing,  and whose column class does not have a constructor with new Object[]  new String  parameter, eg. Long.class,  the JTable will throw an exception.p  pI think that because javax.swing.JTable tries to remove the cell editor twice So I plan to override the JTable.columnMoved method asp  precodeOverride public void columnMovedTableColumnModelEvent e      if isEditing ampamp getCellEditor.stopCellEditing          ifgetCellEditor  null   In javax.swing.JTable, no this check point             getCellEditor.cancelCellEditing                   repaint  codepre  pI felt thats not good enough, since its not friendly for code readers, they may know JTable well, and do not like my sub classes like this. Is there a better solution  Thanks a lot.p  pWhen running the following codes, double click one cell do not input anything and then click the header, the exception will show up.p  precodepublic class NewJFrame extends javax.swing.JFrame       public NewJFrame          initComponents           SuppressWarningsunchecked      lteditorfold defaultstatecollapsed descGenerated Codegt     private void initComponents           jScrollPane1  new javax.swing.JScrollPane         jTable1  new javax.swing.JTable          setDefaultCloseOperationjavax.swing.WindowConstants.EXITONCLOSE          jTable1.setModelnew javax.swing.table.DefaultTableModel             new Object [][]                  null, null,                 null, null,                 null, null,                 null, null             ,             new String []                  Title 1, Title 2                                    Class[] types  new Class []                  java.lang.Long.class, java.lang.Long.class                           public Class getColumnClassint columnIndex                  return types [columnIndex]                               jScrollPane1.setViewportViewjTable1          javax.swing.GroupLayout layout  new javax.swing.GroupLayoutgetContentPane         getContentPane.setLayoutlayout         layout.setHorizontalGroup             layout.createParallelGroupjavax.swing.GroupLayout.Alignment.LEADING             .addGrouplayout.createSequentialGroup                 .addContainerGap                 .addComponentjScrollPane1, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERREDSIZE, 375, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERREDSIZE                 .addContainerGap15, Short.MAXVALUE                  layout.setVerticalGroup             layout.createParallelGroupjavax.swing.GroupLayout.Alignment.LEADING             .addGrouplayout.createSequentialGroup                 .addContainerGap                 .addComponentjScrollPane1, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERREDSIZE, 275, javax.swing.GroupLayout.PREFERREDSIZE                 .addContainerGap14, Short.MAXVALUE                   pack      lteditorfoldgt             param args the command line arguments           public static void mainString args[]           Set the Nimbus look and feel          lteditorfold defaultstatecollapsed desc Look and feel setting code optional gt          If Nimbus introduced in Java SE 6 is not available, stay with the default look and feel.           For details see httpdownload.oracle.comjavasetutorialuiswinglookandfeelplaf.html                    try              for javax.swing.UIManager.LookAndFeelInfo info  javax.swing.UIManager.getInstalledLookAndFeels                  if Nimbus.equalsinfo.getName                      javax.swing.UIManager.setLookAndFeelinfo.getClassName                     break                                        catch ClassNotFoundException ex              java.util.logging.Logger.getLoggerNewJFrame.class.getName.logjava.util.logging.Level.SEVERE, null, ex          catch InstantiationException ex              java.util.logging.Logger.getLoggerNewJFrame.class.getName.logjava.util.logging.Level.SEVERE, null, ex          catch IllegalAccessException ex              java.util.logging.Logger.getLoggerNewJFrame.class.getName.logjava.util.logging.Level.SEVERE, null, ex          catch javax.swing.UnsupportedLookAndFeelException ex              java.util.logging.Logger.getLoggerNewJFrame.class.getName.logjava.util.logging.Level.SEVERE, null, ex                  lteditorfoldgt           Create and display the form          java.awt.EventQueue.invokeLaternew Runnable              public void run                  new NewJFrame.setVisibletrue                                 Variables declaration  do not modify     private javax.swing.JScrollPane jScrollPane1     private javax.swing.JTable jTable1      End of variables declaration  codepre
Negative 3262 pI want to give a specific user on Linux some privileges to enable him to run commands like codeshutdowncode or codeaptgetcode. I dont want to use the SUID bit since there are other users that I dont want to let them use these commands.p  pHow do I do something like thisp
Negative 3262 pI have a problem with the projections in my definition of If Then Else. Its actually executing as IfElseThen.p  precode import Prelude hiding pred,and,or,not   data PR  Z       S       P Int       C PR [PR]       PR PR PR      deriving Show  eval  PR gt [Integer]  Integer  eval Z   0  eval S [x]  x1  eval P n xs  nth n xs  eval C f gs xs  eval f map g gt eval g xs gs  eval PR g h 0xs  eval g xs  eval PR g h xxs  eval h x1  eval PR g h x1xs  xs   nth  []  error nth nil  nth 0   error nth index  nth 1 x  x  nth n xs  nth n1 xs   one  C S [Z]  plus  PR P 1 C S [P 2]  ife  PR P 1 C P 2 [P 3, P 4] codepre  pIf I try swapping codeP 3code and codeP 4code it just breaks entirely returns the then value every time. codeite[0,2,3]code should return code3code and codeite[1,2,3]code should return code2code. Instead the opposite is happening. How can I correct thisp
Negative 3262 pI have the following query stringp  precodequery  httpswww.googleapis.comfusiontablesv1querysqlSELECT20Precinct20FROM201Kj5ett9nIpkr2gkof0cUGiaZm1BDVZx9zviQ20WHERE20STINTERSECTSgeometry,20RECTANGLELATLNG40.7549937,2073.98841900000002,20LATLNG40.7549937,2073.98841900000002ampkeyAIzaSyBJ1SHkB7EWWVSyDiPUA1mWZDEKt7gISDk codepre  pThat returns the following object with an HTTP GET requestp  precode  kind fusiontablessqlresponse,  columns [   Precinct  ],  rows [   [    76   ]  ]  codepre  pSo Im trying to fetch that into a web browser using jQuery. This works OK in Firefox and Chromep  precode.getprecinctQuery, functiondataconsole.logdata codepre  pBut Firefox doesnt like thisp  precode.getprecinctQuery, functiondataconsole.logdata.rows[0][0] codepre  pOr thisp  precode.getprecinctQuery, functiondataconsole.logdata.[rows][0][0] codepre  pBoth times, Firefox says the result is Undefined. Chrome returns the expected result, 76.p  pIs Chrome fixing this code behind the scenes so it works Why doesnt Firefox like itp
Negative 3262 pBit of a Python newbie but is it possible to do the followingp  precodegtgtgtrandomdictdicta2 gtgtgtaddOnlyOneValuerandomdict a 3 gtgtgtaddOnlyOneValuerandomdict a 3 codepre  pWhat Ive donep  precodedef addOnlyOneValuerandomdict     randomdict2randomdict     I thought randomdict and randomdict2 would be modified independently         for val in randomdict2.keys         randomdict2[val]1     print randomdict2 codepre  pBut if I do this i get followingp  precodegtgtgtrandomdictdicta2 gtgtgtaddOnlyOneValuerandomdict a 3 gtgtgtaddOnlyOneValuerandomdict a 4 codepre  pIs it possible to somehow reset randomdict to its original value here randomdictdicta2 in the addOnlyOneValue functionp
Negative 3262 pIm running an Amazon EC2 micro instance ubuntu 12.04.1 for a school project. I was trying to set up the user authentication to log onto the shell to eliminate the need to log in as the user ubuntu. p  pI researched how to do this, and found that I needed to edit the sshdconfig file. So, I uncommented a line that said PasswordAuthentiation yes. I did not restart the sshd server I found out that I had to do that AFTER I had already exited the shell. p  pAdditionally, I did chmod 777 the ubuntu folder to allow access to other users needed for the project context. p  pAfter I did all this, I exited the shell to see if the new users I created worked. My question is NOT about the new users, but rather the fact that I cannot log in as anyone at all. Im using the same private key file and PuTTY setup as Ive been using for a while, but every time I type ubuntu or anything else, for that matter to log in, I get the errorp  pDisconnected No supported authentication methods availablebr server sent publickeyp  pI have tried to log in as root, but that is apparently not enabled in the sshdconfig file, as it just tells me to log in as ubuntu.p  pI know that the problem is not a messed up .ppk file, because I created a new instance to test it out, and I can log into that just fine both are using the same keypair.p  pIve researched this, and it seems that one possible fix is to make a new instance, detatch the EBS volume from the messed up instance, and attach it to the new one to edit the config file. Im afraid of losing data if I do this, though How can I be sure all the data I need is on there, if it comes to this.p  pI would greatly appreciate any help on getting on the server to at least change the config file back to its default and perhaps change the ubuntu folder permissions back, if thats causing any problem. Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pIm getting the following error when executing my SPp  precodeYou have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL    server version for the right syntax to use near  select nodataissue,dateofissue  at line 1 codepre  pandp  precodeSQL Error 1414 OUT or INOUT argument 2 for routine proc1 is  not a variable or NEW pseudovariable in BEFORE trigger codepre  pThese parameters are declared like thisp  precodePROCEDURE proc1IN idpap INT, OUT nodataissue TINYINT, OUT dateofissue DATE codepre  pEDIT Chunk of code that was changed and started the issuep  precodePROCEDURE proc1IN idpapel INT, OUT nodataissue TINYINT, OUT dateofissue DATE   DETERMINISTIC BEGIN DECLARE primeiramov, dataanterior DATE select data into primeiramov from excel.trademov where papel  idpapel order by data LIMIT 1  BLOCK1 begin  DECLARE ... DECLARE cur1 CURSOR FOR select data, valorsplit, valordiv from excel.tradecorrecao where data gt primeiramov and idpapel  idpapel order by data DESC DECLARE CONTINUE HANDLER FOR NOT FOUND SET done  TRUE DECLARE CONTINUE HANDLER FOR 1329 BEGIN         SET nodataissue  1         SET dateofissue  datasplit     END  set dataanterior  22000101 set valoraplicavel  1 set precofator  1 SET nodataissue  0 SET dateofissue  null  CALL createtemptables TRUNCATE TABLE tbl1    START TRANSACTION  OPEN cur1  readloop1 LOOP codepre  pAny ideas on what is causing this errorp
Negative 3262 pSOLVEDp  pThe only way to get around this problem as far as I can tell is to take your free rotating view controller outside of the hierarchy. One way to do this, is to temporarily assign your freely rotating controller to the app delegate rootcontroller. This way, when it rotates, the rest of your hierarchy will not be affected.p  hr  pI have a controller which I push and the supportedInterfaceOrientations is called properly and the value is returned properly  I am forcing portrait orientation. I have subclassed my navigator and tab controllers, so I am getting the relevant methods called fine. In fact everything works perfectly, except this one issuep  pFrom a particular controller, which supports only portrait, I push another one, which supports all orientations.p  pWhile in this second controller, if I change the device to landscape, and then pop this controller while in landscape mode, the following occursp  pIn my original controller, supportedInterfaceOrientations is called fine shouldAutorotate is returning YES and the same orientation value as before portrait only is returned. However, even though I pass porrtait only, the content of the controller is still landscape.p  pWith break points, I have verified that supportedInterfaceOrientations is called every time. However, the returned value is not applied when a child controller landscape controller is popped.p  pI have tried adding [[UIApplication sharedApplication] setStatusBarOrientationUIInterfaceOrientationPortrait] in viewWillAppear, but 1 It does not work and, 2 Will this not get my app rejectedp  pHow can I solve this problemp  pEDIT, here is some code, although my problem is very basic.p  pin controller 1, these are ALWAYS calledp  precodeBOOLshouldAutorotate     return NO     return YES  does not matter    NSUIntegersupportedInterfaceOrientations      return UIInterfaceOrientationMaskPortrait   codepre  pthen, at some point I push my second controller its a video playerp  precode[self presentModalViewControllerplayerController animatedYES] codepre  pin controller 2p  precodeBOOLshouldAutorotate     return YES    NSUIntegersupportedInterfaceOrientations      return UIInterfaceOrientationMaskAll   codepre  pstep to repeatp  p1 launch app , it will show controller 1 in portrait mode as thats the mask returned. And it will not rotate.p  p2 push or even present modaly controller 2.p  p3 This one will rotate. Rotate to landscape mode.p  p4 pop controller 2.p  p5 controller 1 will be in landscape mode, even though,  shouldAutorotate and supportedInterfaceOrientations are called and they return the values as shown in code for controller 1.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to decide which framework to use to my new project mgwt or GWT Mobile and PhoneGap. I already have an iOS and a Android Version of my App, so I am more interested in supporting platforms like Blackberry, Windows Phone, Symbian, WebOS and maybe Bada.p  pSo here my question are mgwt and GWT Mobile compatible with those platforms Which one should I use in order to support as many platforms as possiblep  pThanks in advancep
Negative 3262 h1Backgroundh1  pI am in the middle of developing a web application using GWT, Java, and EclipseLink.  Each of those selections are choices I have made to implement this program.  GWT is the only choice where there is not a firm grasp as to what it is exactly compared to something like Spring. Right now I use GWT widgets to implement the client and GWT RequestFactory to implement the serverclient communication of entities from EclipseLink.p  h1Viewsh1  pSo I view GWT as primarily a library of widgets with a simple framework for serverclient communication.  This is much the same way I view Spring, a library of widgets with a much more advanced and complex framework for controlling serverclient communications  with the possibility that it does not implement AJAX as conveniently as GWT does.p  pSo with these in mind, I view GWT as a steppingstone to understanding and eventually working with Spring.  However, Googleing on this topic again, Ive come across several topics like this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1340216gwtandspringmvcisitworthitonea and that a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4771479gwtspringmvcrestfulwebservicesonea that seem to go against the original notions of what Spring is, and what that means for GWT.p  h1The Questionsh1  ol liIs there a misconception about the views on GWT and Spring  If so, some brief guiding points about that would be much appreciatedli liWhat would be the counterpart to GWT widgets in the Spring Frameworkli liWhat would be the counterpart to GWT RequestFactory in the Spring Frameworkli ol
Negative 3262 pI would like to create a simple parallel Sieve of Erastosthenes Java program, that would be at least a bit more effective then a serial version Ive posted below. p  precode  public void runEratosthenesSieveint upperBound        int upperBoundSquareRoot  int Math.sqrtupperBound       boolean[] isComposite  new boolean[upperBound  1]       for int m  2 m lt upperBoundSquareRoot m              if isComposite[m]                    System.out.printm                   int threads4                for int n1 nltthreads n                    int job                   if n1 job  m  m else job  n1upperBoundthreads                   int upToJob  nupperBoundthreads                     for int k  job  k lt upToJob k  m                                           isComposite[k]  true                                                                              for int m  upperBoundSquareRoot m lt upperBound m             if isComposite[m]                   System.out.printm       codepre  pI have created a loop for dividing work for 4 threads. Though I dont know how to make actual thread code from it. How to send variables and start  4 threads with part of job for each. p
Negative 3262 pI have two input fields within a form and would like that the value of the first input field is added to the alt property of the second input field using onkeyup.p  pHow can it be done using Javascriptp
Negative 3262 pIm using the pp module of python. What I need to do is run in parallel the fmin function of scipy.optimize. Im importing fmin like thisp  precodefrom scipy.optimize import fmin codepre  pNext, Im defining a function which executes the fmin function like thisp  precodedef fitting v  fmine, v0, argsx,y,maxiter10000, maxfun10000 return v codepre  pAnd for this to run in parallel Im usingp  precodejob5  jobserver.submitfitting, e, v0, x, y,, fitting,, scipy.optimize, v  job5 codepre  pThen I get a PicklingError in module of job5. That is scipy.optimize I guess. I also tried codeimport scipy.optimize as sthcode but jobserver.submit does not accept sth as a module. Any solutionsp  pThank you.p
Negative 3262 pI am looking for a way to use the ExtendedInterpolation functionality found in the configparser lib when loading in a ini file to Logging.config.FileConfig.p  pa hrefhttpdocs.python.org3libraryconfigparserconfigparser.ExtendedInterpolation relnofollowhttpdocs.python.org3libraryconfigparserconfigparser.ExtendedInterpolationap  pSo if I have a ini file that looks like thisp  precode[logSettings] eventlogsapplication logfilepathCProgramsdktestresultsdklog009.log levelvalue10  [formatters] keysdkeventFmt,dklogFmt  [handlers] keysdklogHandler  [handlerdklogHandler] classFileHandler levellogSettingslevelvalue formatterdklogFmt argslogSettingslogfilepath, w  [loggerdklog] levellogSettingslevelvalue handlersdklogHandler codepre  pAs you can see I am following the extended interpolation syntax by using the ... notation to reference a value in a different section. When calling the file like so codelogging.config.fileConfigfilepathcode, the evaling within the module always fails. In paticular on the evaling of the emargsem option in the code[handlerdklogHandler]code section.p  pIs there a way to get around this Thanksp  pstrongNotestrong Using Python 3.2p
Negative 3262 pWhen I enable animations for my application in the codeApp.xaml.cscode like sop  precodeRootFrame  new RadPhoneApplicationFrame  Transition  new RadContinuumAndSlideTransition  codepre  pI get a codeNullReferencecode exception when I click on a datetime pickerp  blockquote   pat Microsoft.Phone.Controls.DataSource.GetPreviousObject relativeTobr   at Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Primitives.LoopingSelector.Balancebr   at Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Primitives.LoopingSelector.UpdateDatabr   at Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Primitives.LoopingSelector.OnSizeChangedObject   sender, SizeChangedEventArgs ebr   at System.Windows.FrameworkElement.OnSizeChangedObject sender,   SizeChangedEventArgs ebr   at MS.Internal.JoltHelper.RaiseEventIntPtr   target, UInt32 eventId, IntPtr coreEventArgs, UInt32   eventArgsTypeIndex  p blockquote  pAs I saw on various websites, this is a known issue, but I didnt find a solution for this.p  pCould I maybe disable this animation for a single pagep  pBest Regardsp
Negative 3262 pMy MVC website is working perfectly on my debug machine when I press F5 in Visual Web Developper Express 2010. Ive publish it a couple of time without problem but I did a lot of change lately and my latest publish didnt work as expected.p  pIn fact, the publish works perfectly and no special message are shown. But the problem is that when I connect to the adress, I get an error 500. I google that and add the required web.config info so I get the detailed info.p  pHere is the information I getp  blockquote   pHTTP Error 500.0  Internal Server Errorp      pThe page cannot be displayed because an internal server error has   occurred.p      pModule AspNetInitializationExceptionModulep      pNotification BeginRequestp      pHandler ExtensionlessUrlHandlerIntegrated4.0p      pError Code  0x00000000p blockquote  pCan anyone point me in the right direction to debug this I can give you more information about my application if necessaryp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have a toplevel minifilter driver and a usermode service, which is similar to the  a hrefhttpcode.msdn.microsoft.comwindowshardwareScannerFileSystem426c8cbe relnofollowScanner MSDN examplea.p  pI want my usermode service to replace the codeA.txtcode file contents, when its opened in the Notepad.p  pSo, in the codeIRPMJCREATEcode postoperation callback Im sending notification to the service and waiting for it to write a new data to the file.br But service cannot open the codeA.txtcode, because its already locked by notepad.p  pHow to allow my service to write the data without using the kernel a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowshardwareff54461028vvs.8529.aspx relnofollowFltWriteFileabr What is the best way of doing thisbrbr Maybe cancel file open, letting service write data and reopen it with the same parameters without leaving the postoperation callbackbr Maybe I should overwrite the desired access in the preopbr brbr Any info will be appreciated. If you think this question lacks of details, please, let me know.p
Negative 3262 pI am using the a hrefhttpbenalman.comprojectsjqueryhashchangeplugin relnofollowhashchange plugina. I can get my links to add the hashchange to the URL, but I cannot get the browser to identify hashes in the link.p  pThe browser simply loads p  pcodelocalhost3000pagestype1code as codelocalhost3000pagescodep  pIgnoring the entire hash part.p  pThe JS is as follows...p  precodefunction    window.hashchange function     var hash  location.hash      .links a.eachfunction       var that  this       that[ that.attr href   hash  addClass  removeClass ] selected             window.hashchange   codepre  pClearly I am missing something out here, though this code is essentially what is provided in the demo on the plugin docs.p
Negative 3262 pHow to I show website on my tab in applicationp  pAnd create refresh buttonp
Negative 3262 pI am designing a basic XML parser in C and am trying to figure out a way to add nodes both child and parents. So my idea as of now is to have one datatype,node, which looks like thisp  precodestruct node     char name     char value     struct node parent  if is a child set this to the parent node     how to make a list of child nodes     int numChildren     struct node nextParent allow me to iterate through top level parent level nodes  codepre  pSo if a node is a parent it will have its Parent pointer set to NULL.  I know how to add nodes to my linked list, but I dont get how to add child nodes to a node list. So any ideas on how I would do thatp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to build on top of this great script a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4779674framebyframeanimationinhtml5withcanvasherea which was answered by Phrogz.p  pThe problem is that the animation wont play until all the images have cached in the browser. Therefore, on first load it wont play. Only on a reload. p  pThe point of me trying to do this is Im trying to provide an alternate solution to getting an animation to autoplay since that feature doesnt work in iOS browsers. p  pHere is the code Im usingp  precode         function draw               var imgNumber  1             var lastImgNumber  121              var ctx  canvas.getContext2d             var img  new Image             img.onload  function             ctx.clearRect 0, 0, ctx.canvas.width, ctx.canvas.height              ctx.drawImage img, 0, 0                           var timer  setInterval function               if imgNumbergtlastImgNumber                 clearInterval timer                              else                 img.src  jpg80t5 imgNumber .jpg                            , 100024  Draw at 24 frames per second            codepre  pIve tried adding this before the closing body tagp  precode                 window.onload  draw  codepre  pHowever, I believe that the code would have to be changed within the draw function. Somewhere in the setInterval function p
Negative 3262 pWhat I want to do I am using github. I have two branches. Master and ghpages. I have a unity3d project on my master branch. When I run it, it will generate a webpage. I want to display the contents of the webpage on the ghpages branch.p  pI assume this means I have to share a folder between two branches of my repository. That seems nearly impossible.p  pIs there a right way to do this My current solution is making two github projects and building from the first into the second. Then, I view the ghpage for the second. That seems very... extraneous. I should be able to do this all with one project.p
Negative 3262 pokay so im trying to write a super sort javascript library for myself just to make making canvas games slightly easierp  pand Id like to add the event listener for the keypresses from javascript instead of putting it in as an attributep  pBut every time I do it it never works properly and im getting really frustrated and wasting all my spares trying to figure it out when I could be doing schoolworkp  pAnyway do you think somebody could tell me where im going wrong for this code id like for it to alert with which arrow key was just pressedp  pHeres index.htmlp  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltscript srcspencersjslibrary.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idblueblock stylebackgroundblue width100px height100pxgtltdivgt ltscriptgtaddkeylistenblueblockltscriptgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pAnd heres spencersjslibrary.jsp  precodeKeyboard stuff for moving and yeah  Adding event listener function addkeylistenida      alertida     var ide  document.getElementByIdida     ide.addEventListenerkeypress, keycheckevent    checking what key was pressed and assign string value to lastkey function keycheckevent      var bttn  event.keyCode     switch bttn          case 38             lastkey  up             break         case 40             lastkey  down             break         case 37             lastkey  left             break         case 39             lastkey  right             alertlastkey       codepre  pk sweet so I fixed the addEventListener and got it too work fine with a click event but not my keypress one,p  pis that just the element type like would it work with a canvas or body element and if it was like an image or something persay would it have to be in focus to hear the keypressesp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to play a mp3 file, which is embedded in my c application winforms but with no result. I dont want to create a file from the resource and play it. Ive searched the internet but havent found any working examples. All of them are creating a file from the resource and save it, then pass the file path to mci or wmp. Is it possible to pass a streamp  precodepublic partial class Form1  Form      [DllImportwinmm.dll]     private static extern long mciSendStringstring lpstrCommand, StringBuilder lpstrReturnString, int uReturnLength, int hwndCallback     public Form1              InitializeComponent         Stream fileStream  Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly.GetManifestResourceStreammymp3.mp3         string command  open  fileStream not filePath  type MPEGVideo alias MyMp3         mciSendStringcommand, null, 0, 0         command  play MyMp3         mciSendStringcommand, null, 0, 0       codepre  pThanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pstrongSOLVEDstrongp  pAdded the new corrected lines of code and commented the old ones.p  hr  pFor a strongrealtimestrong application using strongSignalRstrong, i want changes made by a user to be visible in realtime by all the connected clients. p  pIts strongokstrong with a simple strongtextboxstrong, but when i use a strongdropdown liststrong when a user select an item, i want the selected item from dropdown to be strongautomatically set autoupdatedstrong to all connected clients.p  pstrongKnockout.jsstrong seems to be the obvious choice, but i think i have a problem on subscribe... or elsewherep  pWhat i havep  pstrongASP .NET Razorstrong strongDropdownstrongp  precodeHtml.DropDownListFormodel gt model.UserProfile.UserId, SelectListViewBag.DDLUsersId, Select User, new  class  uicornerall, databindvalue selectedResponsibleUserId   Html.DropDownListFormodel gt model.UserProfile.UserId, SelectListViewBag.DDLUsersId, Select User, new  class  uicornerall, databindvalue ResponsibleUserId  codepre  pstrongHTMLstrong which generatesp  precodeltselect classuicornerall databindvalue selectedResponsibleUserId idUserProfileUserId nameUserProfile.UserIdgtltoption valuegtSelect Userltoptiongt  ltselect classuicornerall databindvalue ResponsibleUserId idUserProfileUserId nameUserProfile.UserIdgtltoption valuegtSelect Userltoptiongt     ltoption value1gttest1ltoptiongt     ltoption value2gttest2ltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre  pstrongJavaScriptstrong strongViewModelstrongp  precodefunction taskViewModelid, title, ResponsibleUserId, ownerViewModel      this.taskId  id      this.title  ko.observabletitle      this.selectedResponsibleUserId  ko.observableResponsibleUserId      this.ResponsibleUserId  ko.observableResponsibleUserId      this.notification  function b  notify  b       var self  this      this.title.subscribefunction newValue               ownerViewModel.updateTaskko.toJSself           this.selectedResponsibleUserId.subscribefunction newValue       this.ResponsibleUserId.subscribefunction newValue               ownerViewModel.updateTaskko.toJSself       codepre  pstrongJavaScriptstrong strongFunctionstrong from strongClientSidestrong which call the function from strongServerSidestrong with specified objectp  precodethis.updateTask  function task          if notify          this.hub.server.sUpdatetask  codepre  pstrongCstrong strongFunctionstrong from strongServerSidestrong which modify values in strongDBstrong and call the function from strongClientSidestrong for all the connected strongClientsstrong with specified objectp  precodepublic bool SUpdateTask updatedTask      using var context  new ToDoDbContext              var oldTask  context.Tasks.FirstOrDefaultt gt t.taskId  updatedTask.taskId          if oldTask  null             return false         else                      oldTask.title  updatedTask.title   Here, value updatedTask.ResponsibleUserId was NULL              oldTask.ResponsibleUserId  updatedTask.ResponsibleUserId              context.SaveChanges              Clients.All.CTaskUpdatedoldTask              return true                codepre  pstrongJavaScriptstrong strongFunctionstrong from strongClientSidestrong which should strongupdatestrong the strongInterfacestrongp  precodethis.hub.client.CTaskUpdated  function t      var task  ko.utils.arrayFiltertasks, function value  return value.taskId  t.taskId [0]      notify  false         task.titlet.title       obvious, here was set to NULL.              task.selectedResponsibleUserIdt.ResponsibleUserId          task.ResponsibleUserIdt.ResponsibleUserId     notify  true  codepre
Negative 3262 pBased on my previous a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq140603141391249questiona, I have upgraded the Spring framework from 3.0.2 to a hrefhttpwww.springsource.orgdownloadcommunity relnofollow3.2.0a for the reason mentioned in this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq136867571391249questiona Spring 3.0.2 causes problems in uploading multiple files as there was a long standing bug.p  pWith the newer version everything works fine exception JSON. While responding, Google chrome shows this error.p  blockquote   pFailed to load resource the server responded with a status of 406   Not Acceptablep blockquote  pI have tried to do as specified a hrefhttpstatic.springsource.orgspringdocscurrentspringframeworkreferencehtmlmvc.htmlmvcmultiplerepresentations relnofollowherea in the codedispatcherservlet.xmlcode file like,p  precodeltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.ContentNegotiatingViewResolvergt   ltproperty namemediaTypesgt     ltmapgt       ltentry keyatom valueapplicationatomxmlgt       ltentry keyhtml valuetexthtmlgt       ltentry keyjson valueapplicationjsongt     ltmapgt   ltpropertygt   ltproperty nameviewResolversgt     ltlistgt       ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.BeanNameViewResolvergt       ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.InternalResourceViewResolvergt         ltproperty nameprefix valueWEBINFjspgt         ltproperty namesuffix value.jspgt       ltbeangt     ltlistgt   ltpropertygt   ltproperty namedefaultViewsgt     ltlistgt       ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.json.MappingJackson2JsonView gt     ltlistgt   ltpropertygt ltbeangt codepre  pand it ends with the following exception strongupon saving the xml filestrong.p  blockquote   pjava.lang.ClassCastException java.lang.String cannot be cast to   org.springframework.http.MediaTypep blockquote  hr  pThe full contents of the codedispatcherservelet.xmlcode file is as follows, if someone needs to see.p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans        xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance        xmlnsphttpwww.springframework.orgschemap        xmlnsaophttpwww.springframework.orgschemaaop        xmlnstxhttpwww.springframework.orgschematx         xmlnscontexthttpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext        xmlnsmvchttpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc         xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans3.0.xsd        httpwww.springframework.orgschemaaop httpwww.springframework.orgschemaaopspringaop3.0.xsd        httpwww.springframework.orgschematx httpwww.springframework.orgschematxspringtx3.0.xsd        httpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc httpwww.springframework.orgschemamvcspringmvc3.0.xsd        httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontextspringcontext3.0.xsdgt       ltcontextcomponentscan basepackagecontroller gt     ltcontextcomponentscan basepackagevalidatorbeans gt     ltmvcannotationdriven gt     ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.ContentNegotiatingViewResolvergt   ltproperty namemediaTypesgt     ltmapgt       ltentry keyatom valueapplicationatomxmlgt       ltentry keyhtml valuetexthtmlgt       ltentry keyjson valueapplicationjsongt     ltmapgt   ltpropertygt   ltproperty nameviewResolversgt     ltlistgt       ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.BeanNameViewResolvergt       ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.InternalResourceViewResolvergt         ltproperty nameprefix valueWEBINFjspgt         ltproperty namesuffix value.jspgt       ltbeangt     ltlistgt   ltpropertygt   ltproperty namedefaultViewsgt     ltlistgt       ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.json.MappingJackson2JsonView gt     ltlistgt   ltpropertygt ltbeangt      ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation.DefaultAnnotationHandlerMapping gt     ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation.AnnotationMethodHandlerAdaptergt     ltbean idurlMapping classorg.springframework.web.servlet.handler.SimpleUrlHandlerMappinggt         ltproperty namemappingsgt             ltpropsgt                 ltprop keyindex.htmgtindexControllerltpropgt              ltpropsgt         ltpropertygt     ltbeangt  ltltbean idviewResolver        classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.InternalResourceViewResolver        pprefixWEBINFjsp        psuffix.jsp gt         Initially this bean was mentioned like this was given a comment. It is specified as abovegt      ltbean nameindexController           classorg.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.ParameterizableViewController           pviewNameindex gt ltbeansgt codepre  pHow to resolve this exception Google search a hrefhttpwww.google.co.inhlenamptbodampsclientpsyabampqjava.lang.ClassCastException3ajava.lang.Stringcannotbecasttoorg.springframework.http.MediaTypeampoqjava.lang.ClassCastException3ajava.lang.Stringcannotbecasttoorg.springframework.http.MediaTypeampgslhp.3..0.1196.1196.0.3238.1.1.0.0.0.0.219.219.21.1.0.les..0.0...1c.1.hTbMloILKOwamppbx1ampbavon.2,or.rgc.rpw.rqf.ampbvmbv.1355534169,d.bmkampfpaaf6447fe4e1119campbpcl40096503ampbiw1366ampbih677 relnofollowresultsa of this exception could not bring me to a specific reference.p  hr  pstrongEDITstrongp  pAccording to a hrefhttpforum.springsource.orgshowthread.php133343312gt32issuewithContentNegotiatingViewResolverampp433755post433755 relnofollowthisa configuration, I have now the following XML mapping.p  precodeltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.ContentNegotiatingViewResolvergt     ltproperty nameorder value1 gt     ltproperty namecontentNegotiationManagergt         ltbean classorg.springframework.web.accept.ContentNegotiationManagergt             ltconstructorarggt                 ltbean classorg.springframework.web.accept.PathExtensionContentNegotiationStrategygt                     ltconstructorarggt                         ltmapgt                             ltentry keyjson valueapplicationjsongt                             ltentry keyxml valueapplicationxmlgt                             ltltentry keyhtml valuetexthtmlgt                             ltentry keyatom valueapplicationatomxmlgt                         ltmapgt                     ltconstructorarggt                 ltbeangt             ltconstructorarggt         ltbeangt     ltpropertygt       ltproperty namedefaultViewsgt         ltlistgt             lt JSON View gt             ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.json.MappingJacksonJsonView gt              lt XML View gt             ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.xml.MarshallingViewgt                 ltconstructorarggt                     ltbean classorg.springframework.oxm.jaxb.Jaxb2Marshallergt                         ltproperty namepackagesToScangt                             ltlistgt                                 ltvaluegtdocumentLoader.domainltvaluegt                             ltlistgt                         ltpropertygt                     ltbeangt                 ltconstructorarggt             ltbeangt         ltlistgt     ltpropertygt ltbeangt codepre  hr  precodeltbean idviewResolver       classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.InternalResourceViewResolver       pprefixWEBINFjsp       psuffix.jsp gt codepre  pand the codeClassCastExceptioncode disappeared but JSON still doesnt work. Im still getting the same error,p  blockquote   pFailed to load resource the server responded with a status of 406   Not Acceptablep blockquote  pWhat else is still remaining There is one a hrefhttpsjira.springsource.orgbrowseSPR10119pagecom.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels3aalltabpanel relnofollowjiraa issue still can be seen.p  pstrongNOTEstrong I have  a hrefhttpjackson.codehaus.org1.9.8jacksonall1.9.8.jar relnofollowJackson 1.9.8a its download a hrefhttpwiki.fasterxml.comJacksonDownload relnofollowpagea library on the classpath. With Jackson 2.1.1, it doesnt work throwing the following exception at runtime.p  blockquote   porg.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException Error   creating bean with name   org.springframework.web.servlet.view.ContentNegotiatingViewResolver0   defined in ServletContext resource [WEBINFdispatcherservlet.xml]   Cannot create inner bean   org.springframework.web.servlet.view.json.MappingJacksonJsonViewbb314f   of type   [org.springframework.web.servlet.view.json.MappingJacksonJsonView]   while setting bean property defaultViews with key [0] nested   exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException   Error creating bean with name   org.springframework.web.servlet.view.json.MappingJacksonJsonViewbb314f   defined in ServletContext resource [WEBINFdispatcherservlet.xml]   Instantiation of bean failed nested exception is   org.springframework.beans.BeanInstantiationException Could not   instantiate bean class   [org.springframework.web.servlet.view.json.MappingJacksonJsonView]   Constructor threw exception strongnested exception is   java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError orgcodehausjacksonmapObjectMapperstrongp blockquote  pBecause Jackson 2.1.1 has the class codeObjectMappercode in another package  codecom.fasterxml.jackson.databind.ObjectMappercode. What is the wayp
Negative 3262 pWe have a page in asp.net MVC 4 razor view. When we run the page in browser, it shows the html code instead of the design. The action method looks like the following,p  precode    [HttpPost]     public ActionResult ChangePasswordChangePasswordUI changePasswordUI                  Validate the current password             add error to the model             ModelState.AddModelErrorCurrentPassword, Invalid current password             return ViewchangePasswordUI       codepre  pThe output is like this p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsWqGa.png altenter image description herep  pThe response in the firebug looks belowp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comYvK0W.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pI want to extract a list of ID of a string pattern in the following 2,4,5,100p  pNote no leading or trailing spaces.p  pThe List can have up to 1000 IDs.p  pI want to use rich string pattern matching to do this. But I tried for 20 minutes with frustration.p  pCould anyone help me to come up with the correct pattern Much appreciatedp
Negative 3262 pThis should be simple, given the public nature of the data, but for some reason my Ruby script is timing out on making the request.p  pThe URL is a hrefhttpmtgox.comapi1BTCGBPticker relnofollowhttpmtgox.comapi1BTCGBPtickera  works fine in browsers, and returns the expected JSON.p  precoderequire nethttps require uri uri  URI.parsehttpsmtgox.comapi1BTCGBPticker http  NetHTTP.newuri.host, uri.port http.usessl  true if uri.scheme  https resp, response  http.posturi.requesturi, nil codepre  pThis, however, returns the emTimeoutError execution expiredem exception every time from the same box. Im probably missing something really obvious can anyone helpp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pIm using AttributeRouting library to make rooting easier. Ive a method marked with POST attribute and gets a string parameter as below.p  precode[POSTCreate] public ActionResult Createstring data      JavaScriptResult result  new JavaScriptResult      User user  JsonConvert.DeserializeObjectltUsergtdata     BLResult bLResult  AccountingBL.CreateAccountuser     result.Script  JsonConvert.SerializeObjectbLResult      return result  codepre  pI use Fiddler to simulate post request with following headers and request body.p  pstrongHeadersstrongp  precodeUserAgent Fiddler Host localhost2253 ContentType applicationjson ContentLength 67 codepre  pstrongRequest Bodystrongp  precodeEmailfoofoo.com,Password123456,NameHalil brahim codepre  pWhen i track the request, i see that codedatacode is null. Where I miss the pointp
Negative 3262 pIn my Logger class, which writes all the error, info and debug messages to a .csv file. I want to log a string containing punctuation marks. I have a method which returns my current android version like thisp  precodepublic String getAndroidVersion          androidVersion  android.os.Build.VERSION.RELEASE         return androidVersion   codepre  pThe logging is coded this wayp  precodelogToFileString.formatsssssrn, new Date.toString, level,processName, message, utils.getAndroidVersion codepre  pI expect the last column to contain the android version which is 4.2.1, but it convert it somehow to a data like code04.02.2001code. I know that the return value of the method codegetAndroidVersioncode is correct. I tried to escape the character as you can see in the above example. p  pWhat is happening here, do I use the wrong escape characters p  pThanks p  pEdit . When I open the .csv file in codenotepadcode it looks like thisp  precodeDateLevelProcessMessageAndroidVersion Mon Jan 07 133751 CET 2013INFOSplash ScreenApplication Started4.2.1 Mon Jan 07 133800 CET 2013INFOBluetooth MessageHandlerIncomming file from VMw10015004.2.1 Mon Jan 07 133813 CET 2013INFOBluetooth MessageHandlerFile Received From VMw10015004.2.1 Mon Jan 07 133829 CET 2013ERRORBluetoothCommunicatorsocket closed4.2.1 Mon Jan 07 133829 CET 2013ERRORBluetoothCommunicatorread failed, socket might closed, read ret 14.2.1 codepre  pThis looks like it should, but excel formats my .csv wrong somehow p
Negative 3262 pI have a very simple Python 3 scriptp  precodef1  opena.txt, r printf1.readlines f2  openb.txt, r printf2.readlines f3  openc.txt, r printf3.readlines f4  opend.txt, r printf4.readlines f1.close f2.close f3.close f4.close codepre  pBut it always saysp  precodeIOError [Errno 32] Broken pipe codepre  pI saw on the internet all the complicated ways to fix this, but I copied this code directly, so I think that there is something wrong with the code and not Pythons SIGPIPE.p  pI am redirecting the output, so if that above script was open.py, then my command to run would bep  precodeopen.py  othercommand codepre
Negative 3262 pIn my MVC 3 page there is one collaps button I used Following CSS p  precode.imgAccordin      margin 9px     positionrelative     paddingtop  12px  codepre  pIt is working fine but when I shifted my project to IIS. Location of above button going somewhere else.p  pAny suggestion are most welcome.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to implement a unique value constraint on a field using JPA and Hibernate with RequestFactory GWT 2.5. My other constraints are implemented using JSR303 and Id like to report violations to the client in the same way calling codeonConstraintViolationcode in the codeReceivercode. As I understand, the best option to implement this type of constraint is to set codeunique  truecode when using the codeColumncode attribute. This is then enforced by the database when the transaction is committed and avoids any race conditions associated with asserting the uniqueness via querying.p  pI followed a hrefhttpsgroups.google.comdmsggooglewebtoolkitpuAoYMDqdF0FKHh41RH5OAJ relnofollowthis threadsa advice on implementing a codeServiceLayerDecoratorcode to wrap the codeinvokecode method with a begin and commit of the transaction. If the uniqueness constraint is violated, the commit operation will throw a codeRollbackExceptioncode.p  pHow do I handle this exception so that it is propagated to the client as a constraint violation instead of a generic failurep  pAs far as I can tell from looking at codeSimpleRequestProcessorcode, the validation happens separately to the invocation and there doesnt seem to be an obvious way to propagate failures from codeinvokecode in this way.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to open new window and send form data with strongjavascriptstrong and strongjquery1.8.3strong. But, Its not woriking.p  pThis is source code.p  precodelta href onclickprintPagegtPrint thisltagt  ltscript typetextjavascript srccommonjsjquery1.8.3.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function printPage          var form  ltform methodpost actioncommonprint.jsp targetprintWindowgtltformgt         var input  ltinput typehidden nameviewgt         input.valctn.html         form.appendinput         var printWindow  window.openform.attraction, printWindow, width700px,height800px         form.submit      ltscriptgt codepre  pwindow was opened. But  coderequest.getParameternamecode is null.p  pHere is codecommonprint.jspcode pagep  precodelt page contentTypetexthtml charsetutf8gt lt request.setCharacterEncodingUTF8 gt ltdiv idctngt lt     out.printrequest.getParameterview gt ltdivgt codepre  pWhats the problem in this code p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to debug a thirdparty library. I have its .pdb and sources. I put .pdb near my dlls. When I stepinto thirdparty code for the first time, VS2012 asks where are the sources. I pick the correct file and everything is fine. Now, Im rebuilding my code with another version of the same thirdparty lib. I have another versions .pdb and sources. When I stepinto, it doesnt ask where are the sources, instead, it just connects to the SAME SOURCES it connected at the first place. I can close the file and open file from new sources, but each time I press F11 to stepinto another file, it continues to open files from the old location.p
Negative 3262 pI am in the process of converting some C code into C. I had initially though of replacing the delegates with Cstyle callbacks. However, on further inspection of the code, I have realized that this is not going to work, as the delegates are being used in a multicast manner, with pseudo C code statements likep  precodeDelegateTypeOne one  new DelegateTypeOnesomeCallbackFunc1 one  new DelegateTypeOnesomeCallbackFunc2 codepre  pI understand that if the code being ported used the delegates in a single cast fashion, then using regular C style function pointers may have worked. On that note, I have one question, is the following C code validp  precodetypedef stdvectorltintgt CallbackTypeOne const stdstringamp s, const bool b stdvectorltintgt foo const stdstringamp s, const bool b  CallbackTypeOne funcptr  NULL  funcptr   new CallbackTypeOnefoo   Note new being used on a typedef not a type   or should I just assign the func the normal way funcptr   foo    this is what I am doing at the moment codepre  pMy original idea on implementing delegates would be to write an ABC called Delegate, which would be a functor. All other delegates would derive from this ABC, and they will have a STL container most likely, a list, which will contain a list of any assigned functions, to be called in a sequential order.p  pThis seems to be rather a lot of work, and Im not even convinced its the most suitable approach. Has anyone done this sort of C to C traqnslation before, and what is the recommended way to implement multicast delegates in Cp
Negative 3262 pI am using connection pooling c3p00.9.1.2 with Hibernate 3.2 like this hibernate.cfg.xmlp  precode    ltproperty namehibernate.dialectgtorg.hibernate.dialect.MySQLDialectltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.connection.driverclassgtcom.mysql.jdbc.Driverltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.connection.urlgtjdbcmysqllocalhost3306bspersonaltrainerltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.connection.usernamegtrootltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.connection.passwordgtadminltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.currentsessioncontextclassgtthreadltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.cache.providerclassgtorg.hibernate.cache.NoCacheProviderltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.connectionproviderclassgtorg.hibernate.connection.C3P0ConnectionProviderltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.c3p0.minsizegt2ltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.c3p0.maxsizegt400ltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.c3p0.maxstatementsgt50ltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.c3p0.timeoutgt600ltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.c3p0.idletestperiodgt300ltpropertygt     ltproperty namehibernate.showsqlgtfalseltpropertygt codepre  pBut i am getting this Exception frequently.p  precode Exception in thread com.mchange.v2.async.ThreadPoolAsynchronousRunnerPoolThread1 java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError commysqljdbcSQLError     at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstanceUtil.java430     at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstanceConnectionImpl.java302     at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connectNonRegisteringDriver.java282     at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.DriverManagerDataSource.getConnectionDriverManagerDataSource.java134     at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.WrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnectionWrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.java182     at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.WrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnectionWrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.java171     at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.impl.C3P0PooledConnectionPool1PooledConnectionResourcePoolManager.acquireResourceC3P0PooledConnectionPool.java137     at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePool.doAcquireBasicResourcePool.java1014     at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePool.access800BasicResourcePool.java32     at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePoolAcquireTask.runBasicResourcePool.java1810     at com.mchange.v2.async.ThreadPoolAsynchronousRunnerPoolThread.runThreadPoolAsynchronousRunner.java547     Caused by java.lang.ClassNotFoundException com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError     at org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.loadClassWebappClassLoader.java1680     at org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.loadClassWebappClassLoader.java1526     ... 11 more   Exception in thread com.mchange.v2.async.ThreadPoolAsynchronousRunnerPoolThread0 java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError commysqljdbcSQLError     at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstanceUtil.java430     at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstanceConnectionImpl.java302     at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connectNonRegisteringDriver.java282     at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.DriverManagerDataSource.getConnectionDriverManagerDataSource.java134     at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.WrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnectionWrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.java182     at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.WrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnectionWrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.java171     at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.impl.C3P0PooledConnectionPool1PooledConnectionResourcePoolManager.acquireResourceC3P0PooledConnectionPool.java137     at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePool.doAcquireBasicResourcePool.java1014     at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePool.access800BasicResourcePool.java32     at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePoolAcquireTask.runBasicResourcePool.java1810     at com.mchange.v2.async.ThreadPoolAsynchronousRunnerPoolThread.runThreadPoolAsynchronousRunner.java547 16 Jan, 2013 104442 AM org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader loadClass INFO Illegal access this web application instance has been stopped already.  Could not load com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.  The eventual following stack trace is caused by an error thrown for debugging purposes as well as to attempt to terminate the thread which caused the illegal access, and has no functional impact. java.lang.IllegalStateException         at org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.loadClassWebappClassLoader.java1566         at org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.loadClassWebappClassLoader.java1526         at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.createNewIOConnectionImpl.java2103         at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.ltinitgtConnectionImpl.java718         at com.mysql.jdbc.JDBC4Connection.ltinitgtJDBC4Connection.java46         at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0Native Method         at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstanceNativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java57         at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstanceDelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java45         at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstanceConstructor.java532         at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstanceUtil.java406         at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstanceConnectionImpl.java302         at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connectNonRegisteringDriver.java282         at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.DriverManagerDataSource.getConnectionDriverManagerDataSource.java134         at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.WrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnectionWrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.java182         at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.WrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnectionWrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.java171         at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.impl.C3P0PooledConnectionPool1PooledConnectionResourcePoolManager.acquireResourceC3P0PooledConnectionPool.java137         at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePool.doAcquireBasicResourcePool.java1014         at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePool.access800BasicResourcePool.java32         at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePoolAcquireTask.runBasicResourcePool.java1810         at com.mchange.v2.async.ThreadPoolAsynchronousRunnerPoolThread.runThreadPoolAsynchronousRunner.java547 16 Jan, 2013 104442 AM org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader loadClass INFO Illegal access this web application instance has been stopped already.  Could not load com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.  The eventual following stack trace is caused by an error thrown for debugging purposes as well as to attempt to terminate the thread which caused the illegal access, and has no functional impact. java.lang.IllegalStateException         at org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.loadClassWebappClassLoader.java1566         at org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.loadClassWebappClassLoader.java1526         at com.mysql.jdbc.Util.handleNewInstanceUtil.java430         at com.mysql.jdbc.ConnectionImpl.getInstanceConnectionImpl.java302         at com.mysql.jdbc.NonRegisteringDriver.connectNonRegisteringDriver.java282         at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.DriverManagerDataSource.getConnectionDriverManagerDataSource.java134         at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.WrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnectionWrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.java182         at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.WrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnectionWrapperConnectionPoolDataSource.java171         at com.mchange.v2.c3p0.impl.C3P0PooledConnectionPool1PooledConnectionResourcePoolManager.acquireResourceC3P0PooledConnectionPool.java137         at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePool.doAcquireBasicResourcePool.java1014         at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePool.access800BasicResourcePool.java32         at com.mchange.v2.resourcepool.BasicResourcePoolAcquireTask.runBasicResourcePool.java1810         at com.mchange.v2.async.ThreadPoolAsynchronousRunnerPoolThread.runThreadPoolAsynchronousRunner.java547 codepre
Negative 3262 pI had a hard to track bug which only appeared in the Release build of my app, but not in the Debug build. The relevant difference between the builds turned out to be that the Debug build was compiled without any compiler optimization, whereas the Release build was compiled with codeOcode the bug was reproducible on all other optimization settings as well. This is all on LLVM.p  pIn my view controller I have a property codeself.basicInfoContainerViewcode defined asp  precodeproperty weak, nonatomic IBOutlet UIView basicInfoContainerView codepre  pI then removed the subview from one view, and added it onto another.p  precode[self.basicInfoContainerView removeFromSuperview] [self.infoTextView addSubviewself.basicInfoContainerView] codepre  pDepending on the compiler optimization level, different things happened. p  pWith optimization on as soon as the view was removed from its superview, the view was deallocated and codeself.basicInfoContainerViewcode was a zeroed, and as a result was not added as a subview to the new view.p  pWith optimization off the subview was not immediately deallocated and was successfully added as a subview to the new view.p  pWhen I changed the property storage qualifier to codestrongcode, the view survived in both cases, but even though that solved the problem, but thats not really my question.p  pI would love someone to help me understand what is really going on here. Why does codeweakcode not immediately release my view and zero the pointer if retain count  0 when compiler optimization is turned offp
Negative 3262 pIve got a simple 301 redirect to capture all non .com domains I have registered for my site as followsp  precodeDOMAIN  www.mywebsite.com  use RackRewrite do   r301 r., httpDOMAINamp, if gt Proc.new rackenv     rackenv[SERVERNAME]  DOMAIN ampamp ENV[RACKENV]  production    end codepre  pId like to add a querystring to the response to add the original domain in the format p  precodeutmsourcerackenv[SERVERNAME] codepre  pBut cant quite work out how not to crash the server   Can it be done amp retain any original query stringp  pIts unlikely that anyone will hit any subpages under the main domain, but when I drop the amp from the rewrite, and replace it with my string, it blows up with no errors in the logs...p
Negative 3262 pThere is a website, which does POST, and I want to know, where parameters are stored. I need it to hack them, edit before posting. Scripts are huge and obfuscated, so I cant find the Objects I need just by reading the source code.p  pIve tried to serialize the codewindowcode with JSON.prune from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma14145840322020this answera. The keyword, which I use to find, where the string I need is stored, was found near 40 times in 28 megabytes of text. And it is not very readable even after I found substrings. So maybe it is not the way to go.p  pI need something which would tell mep  ul lithis substr has been detected inbr  the String codewindow.blablabla.deepobject.bla[5].blabla.msgtopostcodebr  the String codewindow.blablabla.deepobject.bla[3].andherecodebr  the String codewindow.andevenherecodebr  etc.li ul
Negative 3262 pIm trying to incorporate jquery in my codeigniter application. To do so, i created inside the codeigniter folder a js folder, where i put two files. The jquery.js with the code to run the jquery, and other file, duplicate.js where i have the following code to see if the page is running jquery.p  precode     window.onload  function      if window.jQuery             jQuery is loaded           alertYeahsssss      else           jQuery is not loaded         alertDoesnt Work        codepre  pThen, in the headr template of my views i havep  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt     lttitlegtlttitlegt     ltmeta httpequivcontenttype contenttexthtmlcharsetUTF8gt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefltphp echo baseurlgtcssmystyle.css typetextcss mediascreengt     ltscript typetextjavasript srcltbaseurlgtjsjquery.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavasript srcltbaseurlgtjsduplicate.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt codepre  pShouldnt this be enough to run jquery on the pages Am i missing somethingp  pEDITp  phead section generatedp  precode    ltheadgt     lttitlegt  CodeIgniter 2 Tutoriallttitlegt     ltmeta httpequivcontenttype contenttexthtmlcharsetUTF8gt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefhttplocalhostcodecssmystyle.css typetextcss mediascreengt     ltscript typetextjavasript srchttplocalhostcodejsjquery.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavasript srchttplocalhostcodejsduplicate.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt codepre
Negative 3262 pIve seen a lot of questions related to this on SO, however, none of them pertain to my question.p  pIm to create an app that has a messaging functionality. Similar to how Apple has Mail and LinkedIn has its Mail feature in their app, I would like to have a codeUITableViewcode with 3 rows. The third row has the codeUITextViewcode which has to grow as the user types. My code is belowp  precode voidtextViewDidChangeUITextView textView      if bodyText.contentSize.height gt currentContentHeight          currentContentHeight  bodyText.contentSize.height          [tblView beginUpdates]         [tblView endUpdates]          [bodyText setFrameCGRectMake0, 0, 310.0, currentContentHeight]          bodyText.selectedRange  NSMakeRangetextView.text.length  1, 0       else          currentContentHeight  minimumContentHeight          [tblView beginUpdates]         [tblView endUpdates]       codepre  pWhen I press return on the iPhone it goes down and works flawlessly. Problem is that if I goto the center or any other middle part of the codeUITextViewcode, it seems to create funny behaviour because its getting the codecontentSizecode incorrectly. For examplep  ul liI press return 10 timesli liGoto the fifth line and type dogli liIt gets codecontentHeightcode based on that 5th line, if that makes senseli ul  pIs there a way to calculate it based on strongallstrong of the text currently Please let me know if there is anything I have missed above. I read the following extensivelyp  pa hrefhttpdennisreimann.debloguitextviewheightinuitableviewcell relnofollowhttpdennisreimann.debloguitextviewheightinuitableviewcellap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions985394growinguitextviewanduitableviewcellGrowing UITextView and UITableViewCellap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7022205uitextviewinsideauitableviewcellUITextView inside a UITableViewCellap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions50467howdoisizeauitextviewtoitscontentHow do I size a UITextView to its contentap
Negative 3262 pIm having trouble getting codenew Functioncode to work in a Web Worker. I have an HTML page that spawns a Web Worker. This Web Worker executes code through codenew Functionstrcode. Im trying to use this in a packaged Chrome app, which requires a page using codeevalcodelike code to be explicitly listed as a sandboxed page in the manifest.p  pNow, there are two optionsp  ul listrongDostrong list the page to be sandboxed. If I do so, I can use codenew Functioncode, but I cannot spawn a Web Worker because I cannot make any requests the sandboxed page has a unique origin. codenew Worker...code throws a codeSECURITYERRcode. ul licodenew Functioncode works in sandboxli licodenew Workercode fails in sandbox due to unique originli ulli listrongDontstrong list the page to be sandboxed. If I do so, I can spawn a Web Worker, but the worker cannot use codenew Functioncode because it isnt sandboxed. codenew Function...code throws an codeEvalErrorcode complaining about the use of it. ul licodenew Functioncode fails in nonsandbox due to being codeevalcodelikeli licodenew Workercode works in nonsandboxli ulli ul  pMy CSP is as followsp  precodesandbox allowscripts scriptsrc self unsafeeval objectsrc self codepre  pWhat can I do to get codenew Functioncode working in a Web Workerp
Negative 3262 pI have experiencing a weird problem with the plot function of the raster package. p  precodelibraryraster ras lt rasterncol10, nrow10 codepre  pEDITp  precodevaluesras lt runifncellras codepre  pEND EDITp  precodeplotras  Erreur dans as.doubley   cannot coerce type S4 to vector of type double codepre  pFor what I have read on the net, this error depends on the user, and probably depends on the loaded packages. In my case, the problem comes from the fact that r uses the standard plot method from the graphics package, when it should use the specific raster method since ras is a rasterLayer object. However, for a reason I do not understand, plot is not imported in the raster namespace, while all the other functions are. p  precodegt rasterplot Erreur  plot nest pas un objet export depuis namespaceraster codepre  pTo be compared with     p  precoderasterpersp standardGeneric for persp defined from package graphics function x, ...  standardGenericpersp ltenvironment 0x0cd9eb80gt Methods may be defined for arguments x Use  showMethodspersp  for currently available ones. codepre  pSince I do not completely understand how namespaces behave, I am looking for your help  Is this kind of situation familiar for you, and do you have a way to solve it  In the meantime, do you know a function to display the content of a namespace so I could check the content of the raster namespace step by step p  pPS I am using R 2.15.2 with RStudio, many packages loaded but all are up to date.p  precodesessionInfo R version 2.15.0 20120330 Platform i386pcmingw32i386 32bit  locale [1] LCCOLLATEFrenchBelgium.1252  LCCTYPEFrenchBelgium.1252          LCMONETARYFrenchBelgium.1252 LCNUMERICC                    [5] LCTIMEFrenchBelgium.1252      attached base packages [1] stats     graphics  grDevices utils     datasets  methods   base       other attached packages [1] raster2.041 sp1.05       loaded via a namespace and not attached  [1] grid2.15.0      hexbin1.26.0    intervals0.13.3 lattice0.206   rgdal0.84      spacetime1.03  spam0.292      tools2.15.0      [9] xts0.92        zoo1.79              codepre  pThanks you,p  pFranoisp
Negative 3262 pI have a C project which uses MQ. I would like to a hrefhttpapi.zeromq.org223azmqclose relnofollowclose a socketa, but I dont see how I can do that with the C binding. Is it possiblep  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pIve got a problem with adding shadow to my UIView which is created in iOS 6 application with Autolayout.p  pLets assume I have a method that adds a shadow on the bottom of UIView this is actually a Category of UIView, so its reusablep  precode void addShadowOnBottom      self.layer.shadowOffset  CGSizeMake0, 2     self.layer.shadowOpacity  0.7     self.layer.shadowColor  [[UIColor blackColor] CGColor]     self.layer.shadowPath  [UIBezierPath bezierPathWithRectself.bounds].CGPath  codepre  pWhen I call this method in codeviewDidLoadcode of some UIViewController, shadow is not added, probably due to all constraints, that have to be calculated.p  pWhen I call this method in codeviewWillAppearcode the same situation.p  pWhen I call this method in codeviewDidAppearcode it works, but when new view shows up there is a short moment when there is no shadow and it appears after a while.p  pIf I resign from setting the shadowPath and remove line codeself.layer.shadowPathcode everything works, but view transitions are not smooth.p  pSo my question is what is the right way to add a shadow to view in iOS 6 with Autolayout turned on p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to edit a LastFM music plugin for Plex to make it work with music videos.  Im almost there with lots of Googling and a few questions on here, but I am stuck on the fact that the artists seem to group together.p  pMy videos are in the format Artist  Title.ext and I have set that as the metadata title but it still seems to group.p  pEven if I split the videos after they have grouped in Plex, they all have the name of the first video.p  pIm not sure if this is the right place to ask, but here is the code.  If anyone can help then it would be greatly appreciated.p  precode    import lastfm, re, time, os, urllib  GOOGLEJSON  httpajax.googleapis.comajaxservicessearchwebv1.0ampuseripsamprszlargeampqssitelast.fminurlmusic  def Start   HTTP.CacheTime  CACHE1WEEK  def GetPublicIP   return HTTP.Requesthttpplexapp.comip.php.content.strip  def GetGoogleArtistartist   try     url  GOOGLEJSON  GetPublicIP, String.Quoteartist.encodeutf8, usePlusTrue     jsonObj  JSON.ObjectFromURLurl, headersReferer  httpwww.plexapp.com, sleep0.5     if jsonObj[responseData]  None       jsonObj  jsonObj[responseData][results]       if lenjsonObj gt 0         result  jsonObj[0]         url  result[unescapedUrl].replace,20         return re.findallmusic[], url[0]   except     pass    return None  def CallWithRetriesfun, args   tries  10   while tries gt 0     try       return funargs     except       tries  tries  1       if tries gt 0         LogCall failed, retrying         time.sleep2       else         raise  class LastFmAgentAgent.Movies, Agent.Artist   name  Music Video   languages  [Locale.Language.English, Locale.Language.Korean]    def safestripself, ss            This method strips the diacritic marks from a string, but if its too extreme i.e. would remove everything,       as is the case with some foreign text, then dont perform the strip.          s  String.StripDiacriticsss     if lens.strip  0       return ss     return s    def searchself, results, media, lang      path  media.filename     path  urllib.unquotepath     filename  os.path.splitextos.path.basenamepath[0]     Logfilename     artist  filename.split  [0]     artist  artist.lower     Logartist       LogSearch for artist     CallWithRetriesself.findArtists, lang, results, media, artist      LogIf the artist starts with The, try stripping.     if artist.startswiththe        try CallWithRetriesself.findArtists, lang, results, media, artist[4]       except pass      LogIf the artist has an amp, try with and.     if artist.find amp   1       try CallWithRetriesself.findArtists, lang, results, media, artist.replace amp ,  and        except pass      LogIf the artist has an and, try with amp.     if artist.find and   1       try CallWithRetriesself.findArtists, lang, results, media, artist.replace and ,  amp        except pass      try highestscore  max[x.score for x in results]     except highestscore  0      if lenresults  0 or highestscore lt 85       artistid  GetGoogleArtistartist       googleartist  CallWithRetrieslastfm.ArtistInfo, artistid       if googleartist         url, name, image, listeners  googleartist         LogGoogle said you should try s ID s.  name, artistid         if listeners gt 250           results.AppendMetadataSearchResultidartistid, namename, thumbimage, langlang, score  100Util.LevenshteinDistancename.lower, artist.lower      LogFinally, dedupe the results.     toWhack  []     resultMap       for result in results       if not resultMap.haskeyresult.id         resultMap[result.id]  True       else         toWhack.appendresult     for dupe in toWhack       results.Removedupe    def findArtistsself, lang, results, media, artist     score  90     for r in lastfm.SearchArtistsartist,limit5[0]       id  r[0]       Logid         Skip artists without many listeners, theyre probanly wrong.       if r[3] lt 1000 and id.findnoredirect  1         LogSkipping s with only d listeners.  r[1], r[3]         continue        if id.findnoredirect  1         id  r[1]         dist  Util.LevenshteinDistancer[1].lower, artist.lower         albumBonus  self.bonusArtistMatchUsingAlbumsmedia, artistIDid, maxBonus5         id  String.Quoteid.encodeutf8         Logartist   artist   albumBonus   stralbumBonus         LogArtist result   r[1]   id   id   score   strscore   thumb   strr[2]         results.AppendMetadataSearchResultid  id.replace2B,20, name  r[1], thumb  r[2], lang   lang, score  score  albumBonus  dist       else          Get a correction.         LogGetting correction to artist.         correctArtists  lastfm.CorrectedArtistsartist         for result in correctArtists           id  String.Quoteresult[0].encodeutf8           dist  Util.LevenshteinDistanceresult[0].lower, artist.lower           results.AppendMetadataSearchResultid  id.replace2B,20, name  result[0], lang   lang, score  score  dist  5        score  score  2    def bonusArtistMatchUsingAlbumsself, media, artistID, maxBonus5     LogbonusArtistMatchUsingAlbums     lastFMartistAlbums  []     for album in lastfm.ArtistAlbumsartistID       name, artist, thumb, url  album       lastFMartistAlbums.appendname.lower     if lenlastFMartistAlbums  0 return 0 no last.fm albums for the artist, so abort     bonus  0     for a in media.children       album  a.title.lower       for lfa in lastFMartistAlbums         score  Util.LevenshteinDistancelfa, album         Loglfa, album, score         if score lt 2 pretty solid match           bonus  1           if bonus  maxBonus break       if bonus  0 and album[1]   if we got nothing, lets try again without anything in paranthesis [e.g.limited edition]          album  album[album.rfind].strip         for lfa in lastFMartistAlbums           score  Util.LevenshteinDistancelfa, album           Loglfa, album, score           if score lt 2 pretty solid match             bonus  1             if bonus  maxBonus break     return bonus    def updateself, metadata, media, lang     artist  CallWithRetriesXML.ElementFromURL, lastfm.ARTISTINFO  String.QuoteString.Unquotemetadata.id, True[0]     summary  artist.xpathbiocontent[0]     metadata.title  String.Unquoteartist.xpathartistname[0].text, True     Logmetadata.title     filename  media.items[0].parts[0].file.decodeutf8     cleanname  os.path.splitextos.path.basenamefilename[0]     Logcleanname     metadata.title  cleanname     Logmetadata.title     LogQWERTY     if summary.text       metadata.summary  decodeXmlre.subrlt[ltgt]gt, , summary.text     try       url  artist.xpathartistimage[sizemega]text[0]       if url not in metadata.posters         metadata.posters[url]  Proxy.MediaHTTP.Requesturl     except       pass          metadata.genres.clear     for genre in artist.xpathartisttagstagname       metadata.genres.addgenre.text.capitalize  def decodeXmltext   trans  [ampamp,amp,ampquot,,amplt,lt,ampgt,gt,ampapos,,n ,n]   for src, dst in trans     text  text.replacesrc, dst   return text       codepre
Negative 3262 pI made a web api and have now hosted it on windows azure. I see my links are workingthrough browser and fiddler.p  pHowever my windows phone 7 appthat I am running through Vs 2010 in the emulator no longer can seem to connect to my webapi.p  pDo I need to set something to make it workp  pstrongEditstrongp  pI unistalled fiddler and now it works. It is something to do with fiddler. I would like to reinstall fiddler but not sure how to fix this problem.sp
Negative 3262 pI want to make a program on Python that will add 5 per count until count is 20, so the total would be 100. So basically I want to show the result of 5  20 using this way.p  precodenum  5 count  0 total  0 codepre  pI tried this code but it returns as zero. Whyp  precodewhilecount  20     total  num  count     iftotal  num  count         count  count  1 print total codepre  pPlease fix any mistake I made. Im new to Python...p
Negative 3262 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4836534returningapointertoaliteralorconstantcharacterarraystringreturning a pointer to a literal or constant character array stringa  p blockquote    pIs the code below correctp  precodeconst char state2Strenum State state     switch state           case stateStopped return START       case stateRunning return RUNNING       default return UNKNOWN       printfState is sn, state2StrstateRunning codepre  pWhat worries me is that the function return a pointer to a temporary object. What is the lifetime of such return values Language is C89.p
Negative 3262 pI have a peculiar problem. I am parsing a restaurants menu card. They have it in english and in german. I have a class FoodItem as p  precodepublic class FoodItem   private int foodClass     private String foodType     private String foodName     private String foodCost     private String hauptBeilage     private String salat  codepre  pNow, I have an arraylist of fooditems downloaded using Jsoup. I separate the german and english menu using the codeString foodTypecode. p  pI want to list german menu at the start. But, I get the english menu appended to the list as well. How should I tackle thisp  pMy downloadThread Jsoup is p  precodepublic void run              Log.idownloadThread, Inside run  Starting getFoodItems         getDailyGerman           getDailyEnglish   Sending a message through handler here              codepre  pIn my activity, I havep  precodehandler  new android.os.Handler              Override             public void handleMessageMessage msg                  foodItemAdapter.notifyDataSetChanged                       codepre  pIf I send a message through handler after codegetDailyGermancode then i get a codeillegalstateexceptioncode saying the content of the adapter has changed, but the listview is not updated.p  pMy Adapter code p  precodepublic FoodItemAdapterContext context, int textViewResourceId, ArrayListltFoodItemgt FoodItemArg          supercontext, textViewResourceId, FoodItemArg         FoodItemAdapter.foodItems  FoodItemArg         this.setNotifyOnChangefalse               ifFoodItemAdapter.foodItems  null                   Log.iAdapter, Problem Inside Adapter Constructor           public methods       public static ArrayListltFoodItemgt getDailyEnglishFoodItems              ArrayListltFoodItemgt returnList  new ArrayListltFoodItemgt         forFoodItem eachItem  FoodItemAdapter.foodItems                      ifeachItem.getFoodClass  1                              Log.iAdapter , Adding English Daily Food    eachItem.getFoodName                  returnList.addeachItem                                return returnList           public static ArrayListltFoodItemgt getDailyGermanFoodItems              ArrayListltFoodItemgt returnList  new ArrayListltFoodItemgt         forFoodItem eachItem  FoodItemAdapter.foodItems                      ifeachItem.getFoodClass  2                              Log.iAdapter , Adding German Daily Food    eachItem.getFoodName                 returnList.addeachItem                               return returnList      Override     public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent                     Describes each view in the list view.           Get the question and find the question text, timestamp and the votes.           Show them in the textview which is a part of the listview.                    View v  convertView         FoodItem foodItem FoodItem FoodItemAdapter.foodItems.getposition         iffoodItem  null                      Log.iAdapter, Null Food Item                  int colorPos  0           if convertView  null              LayoutInflater inflater  LayoutInflaterthis.getContext.getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE             v  inflater.inflateR.layout.fooditemrow, null             colorPos  position  colors.length          codepre  pPlease help as I am stuck at this point for 3 days. Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pI have a base classp  precodeclass ShapeF  public     ShapeF     virtual ShapeF      inline void SetPositionconst Vector2amp inPosition  mPosition.SetinPosition   protected     Vector2 mPosition  codepre  pObviously with some ommitied code, but you get the point. I use this as a template, and with some fun ommited enums, a way to determine what kind of shape im usingp  precodeclass RotatedRectangleF  public ShapeF  public     RotatedRectangleF     virtual RotatedRectangleF protected     float mWidth     float mHeight     float mRotation  codepre  pShapeF does its job with the positioning, and an enum that defines what the type is. It has accessors and mutators, but no methods.p  pCan I make ShapeF an abstract class, to ensure nobody tries and instantiate an object of type ShapeFp  pNormally, this is doable by having a pure virtual function within ShapeFp  precodeShapeF.h virtual void Collidesconst ShapeFamp inShape  0 codepre  pHowever, I am currently dealing with collisions in a seperate class. I can move everything over, but im wondering if there is a way to make a class abstract.. without the pure virtual functions.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to implement a service which listens to a topic to receive messages sent to that topic. The code is quite simplep  precodeMessageDrivenmappedNamejmsTEST, activationConfig     ActivationConfigPropertypropertyNamedestinationType,propertyValuejavax.jms.Topic,     ActivationConfigPropertypropertyNamesubscriptionName,propertyValueTEST          public class MessageListener implements MessageListener       private static final Logger logger  Logger.getLoggerMessageListener.class      Override     public void onMessageMessage arg0          logger.infoReceiving   arg0       codepre  pThe listener is deployed on Glassfish. In Glassfish, I also add an Admin Object Resourcep  precodeJNDI Name jmsTEST Resource Adaptor jmsra Resource Type javax.jms.Topic Class Name com.sun.messaging.Topic Name TEST Physical Name TEST codepre  pI have another service, also in Glassfish, sending messages to topic TEST. However, my listener doesnt receive any messages at all. I create another service listening to the same topic without using Message Driven Bean and am able to receive, i.e. a message is sent without any problem. I wonder if I do anything wrong with my bean.p  pLp
Negative 3262 pSo, I have a scientific app written in Java that I need to start performance testing. We have CI up and running, so this should be something that I can turn into a CI job and start getting a time history of our performance. But, Im having trouble identifying libraries that can help me generate the metrics. JMeter looks very interesting and plays well with Hudson, but the documentation focuses on webapp testing. I dont have that. I have a scientific simulation and our goal is to track memory usage, cpu load, etc. Can I use JMeter for that or is it really focused on the webapp market Any other recommendations for performance testing a simulationp
Negative 3262 pI need help Ive a nested object with associated Threadp  precodepublic class XNodeViewModel       private int id     private Thread workerThread     private bool alivingThread     readonly ObservableCollectionltXNodeViewModelgt children      private XNodeViewModel...              ...         if ...                      workerThread  new ThreadDoWork  IsBackground  true              workerThread.Start                   public ObservableCollectionltXNodeViewModelgt Children              get  return children            public int Level              get  return xnode.Level           public Thread WorkerThread              get  return this.workerThread        codepre  pin wpf code behind ive a reference to this ViewModel and i want to get all threads obects associated. Im learning Linq and strongi know that there are Function SelectMany to flatten nested objectsstrong With a button i want to stop all threads with this functionp  precodepublic void StopAllThread      firstGeneration is my root object     var threads  firstGeneration.SelectManyx gt x.WorkerThread.ToList     foreach thread in threads         workerThread.Abort       codepre  pBut the compiler tell mep  pstrongError 1   The type arguments for method System.Linq.Enumerable.SelectManySystem.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable, System.Func cannot be inferred from the usage. Try specifying the type arguments explicitly.strong    p  pOnly if i request type Thread.if im requesting another type of object is ok where am I doing wrongp
Negative 3262 pIm following this article to make Paypal paymentp  pa hrefhttpnet.tutsplus.comtutorialsphphowtoprocesscreditcardswithpaypalpaymentsprousingphp relnofollowhttpnet.tutsplus.comtutorialsphphowtoprocesscreditcardswithpaypalpaymentsprousingphpap  pnow i want to Authorize the amount and capture it later,p  pplease can you help to make me able to do itp  pthanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pIm looking for a Text sender twitter commandline for Windows, but with only a unique .exe and without .net dependencies.  Not python, perl, and others scripts. I test the twt.exe, but they crash in Windows x64. Any help is welcome. Thank youp
Negative 3262 pOur Java Web Application runs in JBoss 6x. When slowness was reportedp  ol liThread Stack Dump was takenDetails belowli liMemory was examined  Memory usage was found to be very high, almost touching Max Allowed Heap Size, but no Out of Memory.li ol  pThe Thread Stack Dump shows most threads blocked on Logging with these kind of errorsp  precodewaiting for monitor entry [0x000000004b6be000]    java.lang.Thread.State BLOCKED on object monitor     at org.jboss.logmanager.handlers.WriterHandler.doPublishWriterHandler.java59      waiting to lock lt0x00002aaac9a2de68gt a java.lang.Object     at org.jboss.logmanager.ExtHandler.publishExtHandler.java64 codepre  pAnd like thisp  precode   java.lang.Thread.State BLOCKED on object monitor     at java.io.PrintStream.printlnPrintStream.java756  waiting to lock lt0x00002aaac9817a08gt a com.whatever.SomeClass at com.something.ThatClass.thatMethodThatClass.java169 codepre  pThe com.whatever.SomeClass uses org.apache.log4j.Loggerbr We use Log4j for logging.p  pIt appears the threads are all blocked on some logging operation. This problem has occurred in the past too, and appears to be random, and it slows downhalts the application.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 3262 pI have some view codep  precodeltspan datasomething[lt t.asd gt, lt t.dsf gt]gtltspangt codepre  pI use this code to get some dynamic strings translated into the view. My YAML is something likep  precodeen   feature     asd Asdddd     dsf adasdsadasda codepre  pIs there a way I can use to dynamically get all the features from the YAML by locale and put it in the dataattributep
Negative 3262 pSo a simple example would bep  precodear  arraysome text,more text,yet more text  foreachar as value  echo value.ltbrgt   codepre  pI get the result p  precodesome text more text yet more text codepre  pso my question is when we do this inside foreach loop ar as value, I know that ar is array but what about second one the value is it simple  variable or is it yet another array Because we can do it in the following way toop  precodeforeachar as value  echo value[0].ltbrgt   codepre  pWhich would result in p  precodes codepre
Negative 3262 pThis is my first question here and I am messed up with strings. I have some strings in the following formatp  precode     I will be here I may or may not be here 30Apr2013       I am still here 15Feb2013      I am still hereI may not be here I may not be here 9Apr2013  codepre  pI need to separate the date from the name. As you can see, the number of brackets may vary, but I need the last one only  rest of the string will be treated as name.p  pExpected outputp  precode1. array 0gt I will be here I may or may not be here , 1gt 30Apr2013  2. array 0gt I am still here , 1gt 15Feb2013  3. array 0gt  I am still hereI may not be here I may not be here , 1gt 9Apr2013  codepre  pWhat is the best way to achieve this I would really appreciate if someone could help me with this. p  pThanks in advance p
Negative 3262 pI have many codeUIImageViewcode in an codeNSMuatableArraycode and I need to remove a certain codeUIImageViewcode from the view, but I think that if I release the codeUIImageViewcode it will still be in the array. p  pI dont want that, but there is a little problem. The codeUIImageViewcode that I need to remove is exactly 1 object before the last object in the array, so I cant use coderemoveLastObjectcode. I do know the tag number, but I cant write it like this because I would change the array while using it.p  precodefor UIImageView k in array1      if k.tagtagzahl1         if x1           [k removeFromSuperview]           [array1 remove objectk]               codepre  pI am using code[array1 addObjectmyimage]code to add the codeUIImageViewcodes to the array, so I do not know the index.p
Negative 3262 pI have benchmarked several ways to fold a large array of primitives direct and with iterators, and the results are disappointing. Yes, I have done warmup, intermediate GC and many run passes, running JVM in server mode and codescalaccode optimisations are enabled and debugging info is disabled.p  pI think code is too big to post here, so here is link a hrefhttppastebin.com18dWWBM4 relnofollowhttppastebin.com18dWWBM4a The only method there that runs nearly as good as plain old imperative loop is this notsogeneric handwritten functionp  precodeinline def arrayfoldl[specialized A, specialized B]init Bsrc Array[A]fun B, A gt B     var res  init   var i  0   var len  src.length   while i lt len      res  funres, srci     i  1      res  codepre  pOther visually nice methods are complete outsiders. Also, using iterator abstractions fails in all cases, with handwritten parody to the standart Iterator called codeSpecializedIteratorcode being slightly faster. So whats the problem Can it be improved somehow Is there a way to make fast iterator, or there is a big problem in the principle itselfbr Thanks for attention.p
Negative 3262 pHow do I navigate using a symlink p  pI created a symlink, lets say projects to my DesktopWorkProjects folder. So if I type ls in my root directory, I see a bunch of things, the symlink among them. cd projects fails with the errorp  precodebash cd projects No such file or directory codepre
Negative 3262 pIn Java, I want to write a syntax matcher.p  pFor codestring1 a  ab, and string2 c  cd, syntaxmatcherstring1,string2  true.codep  pHowever, codeif string1  a gt 0 string2  c  0, syntaxmatcherstring1,string2  false.codep  pAny idea, how to do that efficientlyp
Negative 3262 pI have Access DB with the frontends on client machines and backend on server.p  pI never needed to use references to DAO, but this time I will have to use it for ConcatRelated module to work. I will have to deploy updated frontends, but Im not sure if the reference that I set on my machine will work on other machines.p  pI dont have any experience with that and I dont know if references will have to be set on each machine many of them use different versions of Access 2003, 2007, 2010 or it will get info straight from the frontend.p  pIf it will have to be set everywhere, most likely I will have to find another solution without DAO.p  pThank youp
Negative 3262 precodepublic class A    this class is in the same file as A class i.e. A.java class B     has a public method  codepre  pstrongTHESE BOTH CLASSES ARE IN SAME FILE.strong So cannot make class codeBcode as codepubliccode.p  pOn trying to access the public method of class codeBcode which is defined at same level as class codeAcode using Reflection, it gives me codeIllegalAccessExceptioncode that cannot access member of class codeBcode with modifiers codepubliccode.p  pIs there any way I can achieve it using reflectionp
Negative 3262 pIve got a composite component to dynamically call a bean actionp  precodeltcompositeinterfacegt     ltcompositeattribute nameactionMethod methodsignaturejava.lang.String actiongt ltcompositeinterfacegt  ltcompositeimplementationgt      ltpmenubar autoDisplayfalse styleClasssubMenugt         ltpmenuitemgt              lthcommandButton actioncc.attrs.actionMethod valuebundle.CreateSaveLink styleClasssmallButton button buttonSavegt         ltpmenuitemgt     ltpmenubargt  ltcompositeimplementationgt codepre  pAnd Ive also defined an ActionListener class to implement securityp  precodepublic class SecurityActionListener extends ActionListenerImpl implements ActionListener        private static final Logger log  Logger.getLoggerSecurityActionListener.class     private String isCasEnabled      public SecurityActionListener          isCasEnabled  PropertyUtility.isCasEnabled            SuppressWarningsunused     Override     public void processActionfinal ActionEvent event           ifisCasEnabled.equalstrue              super.processActionevent             return                    final FacesContext context  FacesContext.getCurrentInstance         final Application application  context.getApplication         final ConfigurableNavigationHandler navHandler  ConfigurableNavigationHandler application.getNavigationHandler           Action stuff         final UIComponent source  event.getComponent         final ActionSource actionSource  ActionSource source         MethodBinding binding          binding  actionSource.getAction         final String expr  binding.getExpressionString         if expr.startsWith              super.processActionevent             return                   final int idx  expr.indexOf.         if idx lt0              log.errorErrore nella formattazione della chiamata al metodo   expr  . No . found             return                    final String target  expr.substring0, idx.substring2         final String t  expr.substringidx  1         String method  t.substring0, t.length  1          final int idxParams  method.indexOf         if idxParams gt0              method  method.substring0,idxParams                   final MethodExpression expression  new MethodExpressionMethodBindingAdapterbinding         final ELContext elContext  context.getELContext         final ExpressionFactory factory  context.getApplication.getExpressionFactory          final ValueExpression ve  factory.createValueExpressionelContext,   target  , Object.class         final Object result  ve.getValueelContext           Check if the target method is a secured method          and check security accordingly         final Method[] methods  result.getClass.getMethods         for final Method meth  methods              if meth.getName.equalsmethod                  if meth.isAnnotationPresentCustomSecurity.class                      final CustomSecurity securityAnnotation  meth.getAnnotationCustomSecurity.class                     log.debugFunction to check security on   securityAnnotation.value                      SecurityUtility.checkSecuritysecurityAnnotation.value                  else                      super.processActionevent                                  break                                log.warnNo method   method   found in   methods  , for object   result         codepre  pIf the action on commandButton is defined in standard wayp  precodelthcommandButton actionbean.action valuetest gt codepre  peverything is OK and Im able to detect bean and action in the listener by its ActionEvent but with composite component and this code I have no information on real action paramsp  pI have the same problem if I use brace notation beanName[action].  In this case, in debug mode I can see the object TagMethodExpression in binding with a MethodExpressionImpl and a VariableMapperImpl where there is the mapping beanName  realbeannamep  pIts there a way to get bean and action by ActionEvent if it is generated by a composite component or brace notationp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI recall some very rare instances of seeing major websites Amazon, Facebook, etc. either not downloading a CSS file or not applying the rules, causing the page to look like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com9XPG7.png altstyleless Facebookp  pIve been tasked to provide an internal explanation after we received a complaint email with an attached screenshot from a user of one of our websites showing the same effect. The screenshot contains sensitive user information, so Im unable to post it. But it shows that inline styles are being applied, but any style referenced from an external CSS file isnt being applied.p  pUnfortunately, I am unable to reproduce this issue, and other than just saying styles arent being applied, I am coming up dry with a detailed explanation and I would love to understand it myself.p  pI would appreciate any input on why this might happen, or reference to any articles. Even if someone knows what this event is called, I would be happy to go research it, but as of now Im coming up blank.p
Negative 3262 pMy codecompasscode had brokenp  precodegtcompass compile LoadError on line [36] of C cannot load such file  zurbfoundation   CRuby193librubysiteruby1.9.1rubygemscustomrequire.rb36in require   CRuby193librubygems1.9.1gemscompass0.12.2libcompassconfigurationdata.rb161in requi re   Cwwwprojectconfig.rb2in getbinding   [...] codepre  pso I decided it was time to reinstall Ruby. Downloaded and installed coderubyinstaller1.9.3p385.execode. It told me to also install the a hrefhttpsgithub.comoneclickrubyinstallerwikiDevelopmentKit relnofollowDevKita.p  pBut codegem install rdiscount platformrubycode didnt go so wellp  precodeCRuby193binruby.exe extconf.rb checking for random... no checking for srandom... no checking for rand... yes checking for srand... yes checking size of unsigned long... 4 checking size of unsigned int... 4 creating Makefile  make generating rdiscounti386mingw32.def compiling basename.c compiling Csio.c Csio.c In function Csputc Csio.c145 warning operation on iotgtsize may be undefined compiling css.c css.c In function mkdcss css.c576 warning operation on f.size may be undefined compiling docheader.c compiling dumptree.c dumptree.c In function Pptype dumptree.c2322 warning return discards qualifiers from pointer target type [...] dumptree.c3722 warning return discards qualifiers from pointer target type dumptree.c In function pushpfx dumptree.c4424 warning operation on spgtsize may be undefined dumptree.c In function dumptree dumptree.c1045 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type dumptree.c1045 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type compiling emmatch.c emmatch.c In function emfill emmatch.c794 warning operation on pgtbtext.size may be undefined compiling generate.c generate.c In function push generate.c372 warning operation on fgtin.size may be undefined generate.c In function Qchar generate.c1209 warning operation on fgtQ.size may be undefined generate.c1275 warning operation on curgtbtext.size may be undefined generate.c In function Qem generate.c17217 warning operation on fgtQ.size may be undefined generate.c17913 warning operation on fgtQ.size may be undefined generate.c In function mkdreparse generate.c1975 warning operation on sub.in.size may be undefined generate.c In function puturl generate.c2286 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c2306 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c2326 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c2366 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c2386 warning passing argument 2 of Qprintf discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1551 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c At top level generate.c4585 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c4595 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c4605 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c4615 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c In function isautoprefix generate.c47329 warning comparison between signed and unsigned integer expressions generate.c At top level generate.c4971 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type [...] generate.c5145 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c In function pseudo generate.c52730 warning comparison between signed and unsigned integer expressions generate.c In function pornothing generate.c5755 warning return discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c In function extralinky generate.c5943 warning passing argument 2 of Qprintf discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1551 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c In function linkyformat generate.c6326 warning passing argument 2 of Qprintf discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1551 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c6336 warning passing argument 2 of Qprintf discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1551 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c6376 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c In function cputc generate.c7335 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c7345 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c7355 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c In function mangle generate.c7482 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  [...] generate.c1551 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c At top level generate.c10855 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type [...] generate.c In function smartypants generate.c111918 warning comparison between signed and unsigned integer expressions generate.c11223 warning passing argument 2 of Qprintf discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1551 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c11448 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c11468 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c In function text generate.c12082 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c12124 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  [...] generate.c1551 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c At top level generate.c13721 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c13721 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c13721 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c13737 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c In function splat generate.c13845 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c13956 warning passing argument 2 of Qprintf discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1551 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  [...] generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c In function printblock generate.c14755 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c14755 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c14755 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c14765 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c14765 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c14765 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c14843 warning passing argument 1 of push discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c341 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c14907 warning passing argument 1 of push discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c341 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c In function printcode generate.c15075 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c15195 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c In function htmlify generate.c15462 warning passing argument 2 of Qprintf discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1551 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c15512 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c15553 warning passing argument 2 of Qprintf discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1551 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c In function definitionlist generate.c15662 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c15703 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c15723 warning passing argument 1 of Qstring discards qualifiers from pointer target type generate.c1351 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c15756 warning passing argument 2 of htmlify discards qualifiers from pointer target type [...] cstring.h7312 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  generate.c In function mkddocument generate.c17106 warning operation on pgtctxgtout.size may be undefined compiling html5.c html5.c In function mkdwithhtml5tags html5.c155 warning passing argument 1 of mkddefinetag discards qualifiers from pointer target type tags.h176 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  html5.c165 warning passing argument 1 of mkddefinetag discards qualifiers from pointer target type tags.h176 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  html5.c175 warning passing argument 1 of mkddefinetag discards qualifiers from pointer target type tags.h176 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  html5.c185 warning passing argument 1 of mkddefinetag discards qualifiers from pointer target type tags.h176 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  html5.c195 warning passing argument 1 of mkddefinetag discards qualifiers from pointer target type tags.h176 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  html5.c205 warning passing argument 1 of mkddefinetag discards qualifiers from pointer target type tags.h176 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  html5.c215 warning passing argument 1 of mkddefinetag discards qualifiers from pointer target type tags.h176 note expected char  but argument is of type const char  compiling markdown.c markdown.c10415 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type markdown.c In function quoteblock markdown.c74317 warning initialization discards qualifiers from pointer target type markdown.c75112 warning assignment discards qualifiers from pointer target type markdown.c In function addfootnote markdown.c95523 warning operation on fgtfootnotesgtsize may be undefined markdown.c9632 warning operation on footgttag.size may be undefined markdown.c9655 warning operation on footgttag.size may be undefined markdown.c9716 warning operation on footgttitle.size may be undefined markdown.c9762 warning operation on footgtlink.size may be undefined markdown.c9775 warning operation on footgtlink.size may be undefined markdown.c10046 warning operation on footgttitle.size may be undefined markdown.c10102 warning operation on footgttitle.size may be undefined compiling mkdio.c mkdio.c In function queue mkdio.c593 warning operation on pgttext.size may be undefined mkdio.c636 warning operation on pgttext.size may be undefined mkdio.c675 warning operation on pgttext.size may be undefined mkdio.c In function populate mkdio.c1136 warning operation on line.size may be undefined mkdio.c In function mkdline mkdio.c2752 warning operation on f.out.size may be undefined compiling rdiscount.c In file included from cruby193devkitmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2........includewindows.h480,                  from cruby193devkitmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2........includewinsock2.h22,                  from cRuby193includeruby1.9.1rubywin32.h40,                  from cRuby193includeruby1.9.1rubydefines.h223,                  from cRuby193includeruby1.9.1rubyruby.h67,                  from cRuby193includeruby1.9.1ruby.h32,                  from rdiscount.c2 cruby193devkitmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2........includewindef.h22923 error duplicate unsigned cruby193devkitmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2........includewindef.h23823 error duplicate unsigned cruby193devkitmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2........includewindef.h23823 error two or more data types in declaration specifiers cruby193devkitmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2........includewindef.h24124 error duplicate unsigned rdiscount.c In function rbrdiscounttohtml rdiscount.c185 warning implicit declaration of function rbrdiscountgetflags rdiscount.c185 warning ISO C90 forbids mixed declarations and code rdiscount.c In function rbrdiscounttoccontent rdiscount.c555 warning ISO C90 forbids mixed declarations and code make  [rdiscount.o] Error 1 codepre  pIve tried uninstalling Ruby and removing the codeCRuby193code directory, but the same errors still occurs.p  pI was hoping that I could just codegem install compasscode and be on my way, but I still get the same error when I run codecompass compilecode.p  pDo you know how to fix thisp
Negative 3262 pIm new to SQL and am attempting to create a DB schema usable with Hibernate but am worried about scaling issues, data access and best way to query data.p  pProject School grading systemp  pstrongBackgroundstrong Want to store all assignments, but if we project a school having 4000 students each with 182 days of class.  If there is a graded assignment per day in class  homework then each can have 182 x 6 x 4000 means there are 4.3M grades per school year.  43.7M in 10 years.p  pI should be able to display all assignments per quarter and current grade.  I should also be able to get these for any year I attended school 1Q at a time.  Teachers and admin should be able to retrieve from all stored history again 1Q at a time.p  pstrongQuestionsstrongp  pstrongQ1 Scalabilitystrong Will there be a performance issue Is there any issue with a table growing to 100M entriesp  pstrongData accessstrong Is there a better way to split up the data Thinking of retrieving grade data per student on id between dates thus quarters which is in assignments.  Should I add another column for quarterID and make a table to store them p  pstrongAccess Gradesstrong What is the best way to query for a students quarter gradesp  ul liGrade[] getStudentGrades studentid, startdate, enddate li ul  pNaturally it would go along withp  ul liAssignment[] getAssignmentDetails Grade[] grades li ul  pI am aware that these two can be joined in another class GradedAssignment using a SQL join statmentp  ul liGradedAssignment[] getStudentGradedAssignement studentid, startdate, enddate li ul  pstrongDoes this schema seem rightstrong  Added updates from belowbr NOTE I omitted for brevity many table columns.  p  blockquote   pstrongStudentstrongbr     strongstudentidstrong PK  p      pstrongStudentClassstrong Ref tablebr     classid FKbr     studentid FKp      pstrongTeacherstrongbr     strongteacheridstrong PK p      pstrongTeacherClassstrong Ref tablebr     strongteacheridstrong PKbr     classid  p      pstrongGradesstrong  The only primary key I could think of is compound with assignmentidstudentidbr     assignmentid FKbr     gradebr     classidbr     studentid FK  p      pstrongAssignmentstrongbr     strongassignmentidstrong PKbr     teacherid FKbr     pointsPossiblebr     assignDatebr     dueDatebr     namebr     description  p blockquote  pstrongWhat is the best way to access gradesstrong  p  ul liSELECT Assignment.pointsPossible, Assignment.name, Grade.grade FROM Grade,Assignment WHERE grade.studentidid AND Grade.assignmentid  Assignment.assignmentid AND Assignment.assignDate lt dateFinish AND Assignment.assignDate  dateStart  li ul  por use a JOIN  p  ul liSELECT Assignment.pointsPossible, Assignment.name, Grade.grade FROM Grade LEFT JOIN Assignment on assignmentid WHERE grade.studentidid AND Assignment.assignDate lt dateFinish AND Assignment.assignDate  dateStart  li ul
Negative 3262 pI have a base class and the derived class. I need to access the protected member of the base class in the derived class. However, Eclipse does not allow me to access the data member as if it were a member of a derived class without caring that it was inherited. How do I do thatp  precodeclass BaseClass  protected static int a int b    class DerivedClass public BaseClass      void SomeMethod      a10  cannot resolve symbol b10  cannot resolve symbol BaseClassa10 does not complain BaseClassb10 does not complain       codepre
Negative 3262 pI know that I can not reuse cells by not calling this method p  precodeUITableViewCell cell  [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierSomeID] codepre  pBased on the description available a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6443533disablecellreuseforsmallfixedsizeuitableviewherea.p  pBut what if Im using a Prototype cellp  pBecause if I dont specify the Identifier of my prototype cell, my tableview only shows blank cells.p
Negative 3262 pIs there any way to get master connection from java.. I found one function called getMaster. Which is deprecated. p  pIs there any other way to make it possiblep  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pstrongParent modelstrongp  pExt.defineProject.model.Parent, p  precodeextend Ext.data.Model,  requires[Project.model.Child],  idProperty pId,      fields [pId, pName, pCode],  associations [ type hasMany, model Project.model.Child, name Child ] codepre  pp  pstrongChild modelstrongp  pExt.defineProject.model.Child, p  precodeextend Ext.data.Model,  belongsTo Project.model.Parent,  idProperty pId,  fields [pId, cId, cName] codepre  pp  pstrongParent Storestrongp  pExt.defineProject.store.Parents, p  precodeextend Ext.data.Store,  model Project.model.Parent,  autoLoad true,  proxy      type ajax,     api          read  parentview.action     ,     reader          type json,         root data,         successProperty success       codepre  pp  pstrongParent Viewstrongp  pExt.defineProject.view.parent.List , p  precodeextend Ext.grid.Panel,  alias  widget.parentlist,  iconCls icongrid,  store Parents,  columns [     header ID,     flex1,     dataIndex pId ,     header NAME,     flex1,     dataIndex pName ], codepre  pp  pstrongParentsControllerstrongp  pExt.defineProject.controller.ParentsController, p  precodeextend Ext.app.Controller,  stores [Parents],  models [Parent, Child],  views [parent.List, child.List],  refs [         ref parentsPanel,         selector panel     ,         ref parentlist,         selector parentlist      ],  init function      this.control         parentlist dataview              itemdblclick this.editUser                codepre  pp  pThe above are the files I have. As you can see, Im trying to display the values of parent and child in the parents view. Im able to see the values of parent pId, pName, but not the child value cName. Is it the proper way to access the child value  Please help me.p  pemstrongEditemstrongp  pI added a new view for the child rows grid, but still face the problem, I dont get the child values displayed.p  pstrongChild viewstrongp  pExt.defineProject.view.child.List , p  precodeextend Ext.grid.Panel,  alias  widget.childlist,  iconCls icongrid,  store Parents,  columns [     header Child ID,     flex1,     dataIndex cId   Unable to see this value ,     header Child Name,     flex1,     dataIndex cName   Unable to see this value ] codepre  pp
Negative 3262 pI have two arrays of codedoublecode type and I want to perform codevecA  vecBcode. So far, I am doing codevecA  vecA  vecBcode and as far as I know, for e.g. integers writing codei  i  5code is slower than codei  5code. So I am wondering, whether there is some SSE function to do just an codeoperatorcode on m128d. I searched and found nothing. My application spends approx 60 of time on this codevecA  vecA  vecBcode operation , so any performance gains will show. p  pAll arrays in the code snippets below are 16bytes aligned and codelencode is always even.p  pThe original code is simply p  precodeinline void addToDoubleVectorSSE          const double  what, const double  toWhat, double  dest, const unsigned int len     m128d  what       m128dwhat    m128d  toWhat     m128dtoWhat     for  register unsigned int i  0 i lt len i 2             toWhat  mmaddpd what, toWhat         what        toWhat      codepre  pAfter reading a hrefhttpfastcpp.blogspot.cz201104howtoprocessstlvectorusingsse.html relnofollowhttpfastcpp.blogspot.cz201104howtoprocessstlvectorusingsse.htmla where the author gains performance by not writing immediately into what he just read from, I tried p  precodem128d  what          m128dwhat m128d  toWhat        m128dtoWhat m128d  toWhatBase    m128dtoWhat  m128d dest1 m128d dest2  for  register unsigned int i  0 i lt len i 4       toWhatBase  toWhat     dest1       mmaddpd what, toWhat      dest2       mmaddpd what, toWhat       toWhatBase  dest1     toWhatBase  dest2  codepre  pbut speedwise no improvement happens. So, is there any codeoperatorcode for codem128dcode Or is there some other way that I can use to perform operator on arrays of doubles The target platform is always going to be Windows XP and 7 on Intel i7 CPUs, using MSVC.p
Negative 3262 pquick question but I cant find any solution to it. Basically the program below is suppose to square each integer from 11000. But when I print it, it cuts off. I can only print 300 lines and after that it cuts it off. For this example, instead of the first line being 1, its 4, if it is jlt301, and it will be 9 if jlt302. How can I print 1000 lines is my main question.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltmath.hgt  int mainvoid      int j     double k,sarr[1000]      for j0 jlt301 j              k  powj,2         sarr[j]  k         printfnlf,sarr[j]               return0      codepre
Negative 3262 pIf I wanted to use a TryCatch for a char and to make sure that it wouldnt have the program run when I typed in a numeric value how would I do that in visual basic Example of a small snippet of code would be great.p
Negative 3262 pHeres the scenario I need the screen reader to read something else for the heading than what is actually being displayed.p  pMy Heading is displayed but screen reader reads This is my headingp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltdivgt     ltdiv ariahiddentruegtMy Headingltdivgt   ltdiv arialabelThis is my Heading roleheading arialevel1 tabindex0gtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pThe above code achieves the required behavior on VoiceOver, but I cant get JAWS to do the same. Any Idea how to make it work in JAWSp  pEventually Ill be looking for a solution thats compatible with with both VoiceOver and JAWS.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI am writing a java program that can graph a function on a created window. Everything was working until I started messing with cosinesine. My program compiles but for some reason I get a blank window when I run it. It is supposed to be displaying an x and y axis with a cosine graph given the x values. Ive been trying stuff all day and cant figure out what my logical mistake is is my code.p  pHere is my codep  precodeimport java.util.Scanner import javax.swing.JFrame import javax.swing. import java.awt. import java.lang.Math import java.awt.geom.  class PlotGraph extends JFrame   public void paintComponentGraphics g     Graphics2D g2  Graphics2D g      g.drawLine50, 300, 550, 300 x axis     g.drawLine300, 550, 300, 50 y axis     Orignin x  300 y  300      double xmin, xmax     double y     xmin 0     xmax  100     double x  xmin      double form  Math.cosx      double lasty  300form      for x  xmin1 xltxmax x     double newForm  Math.cosx     y  300newForm     g2.drawnew Line2D.Doublex1300, lasty, x300, y     lasty  y             public static void mainString [] args       PlotGraph graph  new PlotGraph     graph.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE     graph.setSize600, 600     graph.setVisibletrue      graph.setTitlePlotGraph   codepre
Negative 3262 pI tried to restrict mouse movement to div area when the right button is pressed in this div,  with jquery library. How can I do thisOr  a best question I could do this similar to restrict movement of a screen portion. p
Negative 3262 pI would like to implement a modal view similar to the screenshot below. p  pWhen the user presses a tabbar help button, I want the view to appear showing the first of multiple pages of help screens, with the pagecontrol dots for sequential navigation via swipe gestures left and right to navigate to each help page.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comlzwjl.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pActually this is a pure C prog.when i compile with Xcode. error  message says pointer being reallocd was not allocatedp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include lttime.hgt int LocateElemint p1,int e,int leng1 void Displayint max, int array[] int GetElemint  p, int pass int Unionint p1,int p2, int leng1, int leng2 int ListInsertint p, int e, int lengA int GetDataint pArray, int Arraysize void Showint p, int leng  void InitListSqint  L int pA,pB int m,n  int main      clockt begin, end     double  cost     begin  clock       printfHow many elements of A u want     scanfd,ampm     if mlt0          printfError         return 0          printfHow many elements of B u want     scanfd,ampn     if nlt0          printfError         return 0           pAint mallocmsizeofint     pBint mallocnsizeofint     if pANULL          printfError allocating memoryn print an error message         return 0 return with failure          if pBNULL          printfError allocating memoryn print an error message         return 0 return with failure           int pLastA,  pLastB     printfArray A is n     pLastAGetDatapA, m     printfnArray B is n     pLastBGetDatapB, n      int newLeng     newLengUnionpA,pB,m,n      printfnThe Union set is n     ShowpA, newLeng      freepA     freepB     end  clock     cost  doubleend  begin  CLOCKSPERSEC     printfnlf seconds, cost     return 1      int GetDataint pArray, int Arraysize     int pFill pArray     int count     srandunsigned timeNULL     for  count0 countlt Arraysize count          pFillcountrand1000         printfdt,  pFillcount          return pFillcount    int Unionint p1,int p2, int leng1, int leng2     for int count0 countltleng2 count          int eGetElemp2, count         whileLocateElemp1, e, leng10             leng1ListInsertp1, e, leng1                   return leng1    int GetElemint p, int pass     return  ppass   int LocateElemint p1,int e,int leng1     for int count0 countltleng1 count         if ep1count             return 1         else             return 0    int ListInsertint p, int e, int lengA     lengA1     int temp     tempintreallocp, lengAsizeofint     if tempNULL          printfError allocating memoryn print an error message         freetemp         return 0 return with failure          else         ptemp         plengA1e           return lengA    void Showint p, int leng     for int count0 countltleng count          printfdt, pleng       codepre  pAfter compilation xcode gives the breakpoint at the line codetempintreallocp, lengAsizeofintcode with signal SIGABRT.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to figure out where to locate the functions that set the VAT for the shipping in Magento both in the checkout and in the order made by the customer. If possible, the last function that is run that calculates the final VAT for the shipping might be the best one to override. The thing is that I want to make the VAT for shipping vary depending on the VAT on the products in the cart.p  pTake for example two products that cost 100 each.p  pOne product has a 25 VAT, while the other product has a 12.5 VAT.p  pNow, what Id like to do is to calculate the VAT of the shipping by running the following calculationp  precode1002512.5100200  18.75 codepre  pThis would mean that the VAT on the shipping would be 18.75.p  pWhile Im on it, I also wonder how to get the VAT for each product in the cart, since each product can have a different taxclass.p
Negative 3262 pThe code below it counts minutes and seconds if the toggle button is clicked. Is it possible to make it cancel everything if its clickedtoggled, meaning that i can be able to clicked another toggle button.    p  precodefunction toggleths       var clicked  ths.val     lblType.htmlclicked     setCount.html minutes    minutes   seconds    count         count  count  1        if count  60  0             minutes  1            count  0                 timer  setTimeouttoggle, 1000                  ltdiv gtltlabel idlblTypegtltlabelgt           ltlabel idsetCountgtltlabelgt      ltdivgtltpgt      ltdiv idplannedgtltdivgt  codepre
Negative 3262 pI have some data from the database posted with a while loopp  precodedati  linkgtquerysql     print lttablegt while dato  datigtfetchobject      print lttrgt      print lttd idcellaIdgt     Id  datogtId     print Id     print lttdgt      print lttdgt     print datogtData     print lttdgt              ...some other stuff...      print lttdgt     print ltinput typecheckbox namevisto idvisto onclickrefreshDatagt     print lttdgt      print lttdgt     print ltinput typecheckbox nameelaborato idelaborato onclickrefreshDatagt     print lttdgt      print lttrgt      print lttablegt datigtclose codepre  pNow those two checkbox call a functionp  precode    function refreshData      var vistovalue  document.getElementByIdvisto.checked  1  0     var elaboratovalue  document.getElementByIdelaborato.checked  1  0     var idvalue  document.getElementByIdcellaId.innerHTML      alertidvalue              [and then I do an ajax]      codepre  pThe problem is that the idvalue I get is always the first coming out from the while loop and not that on the same line where I click the checkbox.p  pHow can I get the right valuep  pThank youp
Negative 3262 pI have been asked to add another color option to a hrefhttpcookware.lecreuset.comcookwarecontentLeCreusetTruckette10151120002 relnofollowthis pagea. If you click on the Marseille sign, the truck changes from orange to blue if you click it again it changes back to orange. If you click the explore sign on the right, two views become available which also have the swapped image color.p  pI want to add a new div to the page that will make it yellow. So blue button should change from yellow or orange to blue, and then back to orange if it is clicked when blue.  Yellow button should change from blue or orange to yellow, and then back to orange.br The blue button should not make the truck turn yellow, and the yellow button shouldnt make it turn blue.p  pThe selected color needs to persist if someone clicks Explore.p  pHere is the original jQuery that makes the image swapp  precode        var isOrange  true         marseilleBtn.clickfunction          img.imgswap.eachfunction                     ifisOrange                         this.src  this.src.replaceorange,blue                      else                         this.src  this.src.replaceblue,orange                                         ifisOrange              isOrange  false           else               isOrange  true                codepre  pI didnt write this code and Im new to jQuery so this is challenging for me.  I wrote this code, and it almost works.  The problem is that if the yellow truck is on, and I click the blue sign, it doesnt change color. Also, if the blue truck is on, and I click the yellow sign, it doesnt change color. It will only change color if Im starting from orange...hope that makes sense.  p  precode        var isOrange  true         marseilleBtn.clickfunction          img.imgswap.eachfunction                     ifisOrange                         this.src  this.src.replaceorange  soleil,blue                      else                         this.src  this.src.replaceblue,orange                                         ifisOrange              isOrange  false           else               isOrange  true                         var isOrange  true         soleilBtn.clickfunction          img.imgswap.eachfunction                     ifisOrange                         this.src  this.src.replaceorange  blue,soleil                      else                         this.src  this.src.replacesoleil,orange                                         ifisOrange              isOrange  false           else               isOrange  true                codepre  pCan anyone help me achieve what I am trying to do Im open to a totally different approach if you know of something better too...went this route because I was starting from the code I was given.  I also tried to create an OR statement, but this doesnt work at all, not sure whyp  precode    this.src  this.src.replaceorange, yellow,blue codepre  pBonus question Im confused by the first part of this code, that declares the variable isOrange as true, and then the ifelse statement at the end that declares it false. Can anyone break that down for me I understand the image swapping part of it...p  precode         ifisOrange              isOrange  false           else               isOrange  true                codepre  pThanks in advance for any help.p  pUPDATEp  pWorking on this, but it is requiring an extra click to change color after it has been changed twice.  I.e. click Marseille, turn blue. Click Marseille, turns orange. Click click to turn back to Marseille. p  precode        var color  orange  first default color of img is orange           marseilleBtn.clickfunction  on click               img.imgswap.eachfunction    find all the images that has class imgswap ..i guess there is 3 more images there                   ifcolor  orange  check if orange .. which is correct and                       this.src  this.src.replaceorange,blue change it to blue                    else ifcolor  yellow   if yellow                      this.src  this.src.replacesoleil,blue chnage to yello                   else if blue                      this.src  this.src.replaceblue,orange chnage to yellow                                                 ifcolor orange                  color  blue              else ifcolor  blue                  color  yellow              else                  color  orange                                  var color  orange  first default color of img is orange           soleilBtn.clickfunction  on click               img.imgswap.eachfunction    find all the images that has class imgswap ..i guess there is 3 more images there                   ifcolor  orange  check if orange .. which is correct and                       this.src  this.src.replaceorange,soleil change it to yellow                    else ifcolor  blue   if blue                      this.src  this.src.replaceblue,soleil chnage to yello                   else if yellow                       this.src  this.src.replacesoleil,orange chnage to yellow                                                 ifcolor orange                  color  blue              else ifcolor  blue                  color  yellow              else                  color  orange                         codepre
Negative 3262 pI have 2 tables like thisp  ptable 1p  precodeprofile  id  1  XXX 2  zzz codepre  ptable 2p  precodeprofiledetails  id     K          V  1   firstname  XXX 1   lastname   YYY 1   gender      female 2   name        zzzzz 2   gender      male 2   phone       8999xxxx 2   location    india 2   spokenlanguage  hindi codepre  pI use this query to fetch the rows as colsp  precodeselect profiles.id, max decode k, firstname, v, NULL  firstname, maxdecodek, lastname, v, nullas lastname , max decode k, gender, v, NULL gender from profiledetails , profiles where  profiledetails.id  profiles.id  and profiledetails.id1 group by profiles.id codepre  pfetched mep  precodeid  firstname lastname  gender  1     XXX       YYY       female codepre  pthis works to fetch the rows as columns. but how can this query be changed to include the columns dynamically, as the K values can be anything possible.p  pex, for id 2, it should bep  precodeid  name  gender  mobile      location   spokenlanguage  2   zzz   male    8999xxxx    india      hindi codepre  pthanks Vp
Negative 3262 pIm resolving a JS conflict in my WP plugin on a site. When I create an empty array usingp  precodevar myArray  [] codepre  porp  precodevar myArray  new Array codepre  pthe codeconsole.logmyArraycode says thisp  precode[randomize function] codepre  pinstead ofp  precode[] codepre  pThe length of the array remains 0. The randomize functions placement can be seen here a hrefhttppostimage.orgimagej67yqby5t relnofollowhttppostimage.orgimagej67yqby5ta In chrome I clicked Show function definition and its added by a WP plugin called LayerSlider.p  precode    Array.prototype.randomize  function       var e  this.length,         t, n, r     if e  0 return false     while e          t  Math.floorMath.random  e  1         n  this[e]         r  this[t]         this[e]  r         this[t]  n          return this  codepre  pWhat should I do to perhaps temporarily revert it to a normal, empty array Or just to remove every non native elements from an arrayp  pBy the way the problem came up when I iterated through it with p  precodeforvar i in myArray  ...  codepre  pand it treated the function as an extra element. I had numerically indexed elements added to it by the time.p
Negative 3262 pI want to get all arguments names of a function inside the functionp  pexamplep  precodefunction fctvar1string,var2string   var namesArray...   tracenames  codepre  pmust trace  var1,var2p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pAccording to this article a hrefhttpwww.asp.netwebapioverviewformatsandmodelbindingmodelvalidationinaspnetwebapi relnofollowASP.NET  Model Validationa, I should be getting a nice description of errors encountered during model binding based on data annotations in my model.  Well, while the validation is working, it is not providing me with nice errors but rather with JSON parsing errors.p  pHere is my modelp  precodepublic class SimplePoint      [RequiredErrorMessageMonitorKey is a required data field of SimplePoint.]     public Guid MonitorKey  get set       public int Data  get set   codepre  pHere is my validation filterp  precodepublic class ModelValidationFilterAttribute  ActionFilterAttribute          public override void OnActionExecutingHttpActionContext actionContext                      if actionContext.ModelState.IsValid  false                              actionContext.Response  actionContext.Request                     .CreateErrorResponseHttpStatusCode.BadRequest,                                                                                                                         actionContext.ModelState                            codepre  pI had to remove InvalidModelValidationProvider as identified in this post a hrefhttpaspnetwebstack.codeplex.comworkitem270 relnofollowASP.NET  Issuea  this code exixts in Global.asax ApplicationStart methodp  precodeGlobalConfiguration.Configuration.Services.RemoveAll     typeof System.Web.Http.Validation.ModelValidatorProvider,     v gt v is InvalidModelValidatorProvider codepre  pHere is my request using Fiddlerp  precodePOST httplocalhost63518apisimplepoint HTTP1.1 UserAgent Fiddler Host localhost63518 ContentLength 28 ContentType applicationjson charsetutf8  MonitorKey,data123 codepre  pAnd here is my response from my controllerp  precodeHTTP1.1 400 Bad Request CacheControl nocache Pragma nocache ContentType applicationjson charsetutf8 Expires 1 Server MicrosoftIIS7.5 XAspNetVersion 4.0.30319 XSourceFiles UTF8BQzpcTG9jYWwgVmlzdWFsIFN0dWRpbyBwcm9qZWN0c1xKaXREYXNoYm9hcmRcSml0RGFzaGJvYXJkLldlYi5Nb25pdG9    ySG9zdFxhcGlcc2ltcGxlcG9pbnQ XPoweredBy ASP.NET Date Fri, 22 Mar 2013 215535 GMT ContentLength 165  MessageThe request is invalid.,ModelStatedata.MonitorKey[Error converting value  to type System.Guid. Path MonitorKey, line 1, position 16.] codepre  pWhy am I not getting an error message identified in my data annotation i.e. MonitorKey is a required data field of SimplePoint  Analyzing ModelState in my validation filter, I dont see the ErrorMessage being picked up by the Model validator.p
Negative 3262 pI m trying to run this query but it returns zero rows. Any clues whyp  precodeSelect distinct a.id from  table1 a, table b where   a.id b.id or a.id  b.secondid  and rownum lt 200 codepre  pBut if I run the above query without the ROWNUM clause it finds recordsp  precodeSelect distinct a.id from  table1 a, table b where   a.id b.id or a.id  b.secondid  codepre  pIm confused why the first query is not working.p
Negative 3262 pTo understand my problem please visit a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netHDvfG3 relnofollowthis linka. Here note textbox and button are align to each other, but when you click SlideUp button and then SlideDown their alignment get disrupted p  pHere is my codep  precodedocument.readyfunction   btSlideDown.clickfunction     txt.slideDownslow     b2.slideDownslow      btSlideUp.clickfunction     txt.slideUpslow     b2.slideUpslow     codepre  pPlease explain why this is happening p
Negative 3262 pI am using two strongdate timestrong parameters in the report. When I use the same parameters in the query, no results are shown. Moreover if I use strongdatestrong parameters then the results are shown but not all records are shown.p  pI also executed the same query with date time in emMySQLem and the results are shown, I think there is no mistake in the query. p  pI tried many things. The query is some what like p  pre classlangsql prettyprintoverridecodeSELECT  FROM abc WHERE datetime BETWEEN    dateformatPfromdate, dcy 000000    AND dateformatPtodate, dcy 235959 codepre
Negative 3262 pI have an MVC4 application with Entity Framework for the data access.  My application has seemed to perform pretty well until thus far, when one of the pages is returning about 13,000 rows, and the connection is timing out.  Plus, after I try to run the page that returns the 13,000 rows, the rest of the site starts going really slow as well. Although I am using a fairly complicated linq query, Im using the Stack Exchange miniprofiler, and using the sql from this, Ive determined my query is taking less than a second verified by running the generated sql from the LINQ query in SSMS directly maybe 2 seconds, top.  The profiler will say something like T0.97ms, Reader 10393ms for even a small returned result set.  It will get back to normal eventually.p  pIve looked around with little success for documentation on what the READER statement is telling me.  Does this mean that the is the time it takes to stream the results back to the web server  Anyways, if anybody has any idea what could be going on here Id appreciate it greatly.  I can post the LINQ code if anyone wants it, but like I said, Im pretty confident the SQL its generating is good.p  pThanksp  pEdit  One thing I might mention  this is in a shared hosting environment running under medium trust.  Also, here is the timeout stack trace if relevantp  blockquote   pSystem.Data.EntityCommandExecutionException An error occurred while executing the command definition. See the inner exception for details.  System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException Timeout expired. The timeout period elapsed prior to completion of the operation or the server is not responding. at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.OnErrorSqlException exception, Boolean breakConnection at System.Data.SqlClient.TdsParser.ThrowExceptionAndWarning at System.Data.SqlClient.TdsParser.RunRunBehavior runBehavior, SqlCommand cmdHandler, SqlDataReader dataStream, BulkCopySimpleResultSet bulkCopyHandler, TdsParserStateObject stateObj at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlDataReader.ConsumeMetaData at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlDataReader.getMetaData at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.FinishExecuteReaderSqlDataReader ds, RunBehavior runBehavior, String resetOptionsString at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.RunExecuteReaderTdsCommandBehavior cmdBehavior, RunBehavior runBehavior, Boolean returnStream, Boolean async at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.RunExecuteReaderCommandBehavior cmdBehavior, RunBehavior runBehavior, Boolean returnStream, String method, DbAsyncResult result at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.RunExecuteReaderCommandBehavior cmdBehavior, RunBehavior runBehavior, Boolean returnStream, String method at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.ExecuteReaderCommandBehavior behavior, String method at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.ExecuteDbDataReaderCommandBehavior behavior at StackExchange.Profiling.Data.ProfiledDbCommand.ExecuteDbDataReaderCommandBehavior behavior in CUserssamDesktopMiniProfilerStackExchange.ProfilingDataProfiledDbCommand.csline 175 at System.Data.EntityClient.EntityCommandDefinition.ExecuteStoreCommandsEntityCommand entityCommand, CommandBehavior behavior  End of inner exception stack trace  at System.Data.EntityClient.EntityCommandDefinition.ExecuteStoreCommand p blockquote
Negative 3262 pIm trying to make validation for a registration form to check whether a usernamename  surname already exists.p  pThis is what I triedp  precodeDim conn As New SqlConnectionData SourceBRIANPCSQLEXPRESSInitial CatalogmasterdbIntegrated SecurityTrue     Dim registerSQL As SqlCommand     Dim checkCredentialsSQL As SqlCommand     Dim sqlComm As String     Dim sqlCommName As String     Dim sqlCommUsername As String      sqlComm  INSERT INTO usersUsername, Password, Name, Surname, Address1, Address2,           City, Country, dateofbirth, age, Occupation, department, worklocation,           projectmanager,teamleader, teamleaderid, projectmanagerid,           dateregistration, contracttype, contractduration           VALUESp1, p2,p3,p4,p5,p6,p7,p8,p9,p10,p11,p12,p13,p14,p15,          p16,p17,p18,p19,p20      sqlCommName  SELECT name, surname FROM users WHERE name  txtName.Text   and surname  txtSurname.Text       sqlCommUsername  SELECT username FROM users WHERE username  txtUsername.Text        conn.Open      checkCredentialsSQL  New SqlCommandsqlCommName, conn       If checkCredentialsSQL.ExecuteScalar IsNot Nothing Then          lblName.Text  txtName.Text     txtSurname.Text  is already registered.         lblName.Visible  True       Else          checkCredentialsSQL  New SqlCommandsqlCommUsername, conn          If checkCredentialsSQL.ExecuteScalar IsNot Nothing Then              lblUsername.Text    txtUsername.Text   is already taken.          Else               registerSQL  New SqlCommandsqlComm, conn             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep1, Username             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep2, Password             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep3, Name             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep4, Surname             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep5, Address1             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep6, Address2             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep7, City             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep8, Country             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep9, DOB             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep10, Age             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep11, Occupation             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep12, Department             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep13, WorkLocation             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep14, ProjectManager             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep15, TeamLeader             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep16, TeamLeaderID             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep17, ProjectManagerID             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep18, RegistrationDate             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep19, ContractType             registerSQL.Parameters.AddWithValuep20, ContractDuration              registerSQL.ExecuteNonQuery            End If      End If      conn.Close codepre  pIs it viablesaferecommended to do it as thatp
Negative 3262 pIm about to code a little game community in Laravel 4 and have some trouble figuring out how to set up the database tables. This is how it should workp  precodeUsers table John Lisa Stewie  Groups table Team red Team blue Team green  Roles table Superadmin Admin Moderator Demigod  Permissions table describing what permissions each role has Superadmin Total control of everything, will only be me and maybe a buddy with this role. Admin create delete edit forums etc  everything a moderator does Moderator delete forum posts, ban users Demigod some other permissions codepre  pA user, say Stewie can be in one or more teams. But he have different roles in each team. Stewie  Team Red  Admin Stewie  Team Blue  Moderator  Demigodp  pIm wondering how do I set up this in a smart way First thing that comes to mind is a usergroup pivot table. But how do i link that with roles specific to a group  user Should I do some kind of threeway pivot table or can this be designed in some other way with a different table setup perhapsp
Negative 3262 pHello there Im trying to change the type of string array contain numbers like 12.3 , 33.7 , ... and I want to convert the type of this array into Double in c  p
Negative 3262 pI need to store a string in a variable on bash.p  pHere the string...p  precode731000000000713903000000139011913000000011993973830STDESCRIPTION TEXT TEXT  TEXT  TEXT text20130318   1.40   0.001459 codepre  pNote that have both quotes and double quotes. Its possible to store it on a variable in BASHp  pAn important cosideration I cant add  or , because is a text file with 150.000 line like the string.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pWIX MSI perMachine installer writing installed property to HKCU instead of HKLM.p  pOne of the symptoms is that the original logic I used to detect an attempt to install an older version of the product fails because I was depending on the Installed property to get defined on a system where an install had previously been executed. Just to be clear this logic has worked in the past but now I am doing regression testing and it failed.p  pI edited the msi with orca and modified the launch condition that tests for this. I changed the launch condition to Installed and the message to Not installed I then ran the installer on several systems where our application is installed. If Installed were true then the installer would run but in every case the installer displayed the message box meaning that it couldnt find the registry entry.p  pI looked in all these systems and the installed registry entry was located in HKCUSoftwarecompanyproductinstalled1 instead of in HKLM.p  pAlso this is a 64 bit installer and when I run the installer it gets into the UI and I look at the task manager to make sure it is running the 64 bit version of msiexec which it is.p  pHeres the relevant WIX fragment which stopped working. See the 1st launch condition. I am adding the beginning of the Product ... section.p  precodeltProduct Id  Namevar.ProductDisplayName  Language1033  Versionvar.OurVersion  Manufacturervar.ProductAuthor  UpgradeCodevar.ProductUpgradeCodegt ltProduct Id  Namevar.ProductDisplayName  Language1033  Versionvar.VayTekVersion  Manufacturervar.ProductAuthor  UpgradeCodevar.ProductUpgradeCode gt  ltPackage   Descriptionvar.ProductDisplayName   Commentsvar.ProductDisplayComment   Manufacturervar.ProductAuthor   InstallerVersion301 Compressedyes   Platformvar.Platform   InstallScopeperMachine   InstallPrivilegeselevatedgt  ltUpgrade Idvar.ProductUpgradeCodegt ltUpgradeVersion Minimumvar.OurVersion     IncludeMinimumno      OnlyDetectyes        PropertyNEWERPRODUCTFOUND gt ltUpgradeVersion     Minimum07.01.01001 IncludeMinimumyes     Maximumvar.OurVersion IncludeMaximumno     PropertyPREVIOUSVERSIONSINSTALLEDgt ltUpgradegt  ltInstallExecuteSequencegt   ltRemoveExistingProducts AfterInstallFinalizegt ltInstallExecuteSequencegt  ltCondition      MessageA later version of the product is already installed. Setup  will now exit.gt     NOT NEWERPRODUCTFOUND OR NOT Installed ltConditiongt codepre  pAfter I stared at the code a while I removed the NOT Installed logic and leftp  precodeNOT NEWERPRODUCTFOUND codepre  pThis isnt ideal but it works in most situations.p  pAnyone have an idea why the registry entry is getting placed in the wrong hivep
Negative 3262 pHow do I get properties from derived class in base classp  pBase classp  precodepublic abstract class BaseModel      protected static readonly Dictionaryltstring, FuncltBaseModel, objectgtgt             propertyGetters  typeofBaseModel.GetProperties.Wherep gt getValidationsp.Length  0.ToDictionaryp gt p.Name, p gt getValueGetterp  codepre  pDerived classesp  precodepublic class ServerItem  BaseModel, IDataErrorInfo      [RequiredErrorMessage  Field name is required.]     public string Name  get set    public class OtherServerItem  BaseModel, IDataErrorInfo      [RequiredErrorMessage  Field name is required.]     public string OtherName  get set       [RequiredErrorMessage  Field SomethingThatIsOnlyHereis required.]     public string SomethingThatIsOnlyHere get set   codepre  pIn this example  can I get the Name property from ServerItem class while in BaseModel classp  pEDIT Im trying to implement model validation, as described here a hrefhttpweblogs.asp.netmarianorarchive20090417wpfvalidationwithattributesandidataerrorinfointerfaceinmvvm.aspx relnofollowhttpweblogs.asp.netmarianorarchive20090417wpfvalidationwithattributesandidataerrorinfointerfaceinmvvm.aspxap  pI figured that if I create some base model with almost all of the validation magic in it, and then extend that model, it will be okay...p
Negative 3262 pi am using servlet and trying to read the user uploaded excel file and insert into database. my excel is in this format ID IP1 IP2 USER TKTNOthese are headings in excel amp database table as wellp  punder those heading i have data in excel file which i have to read and insert into database. please desperately need help....thank youp
Negative 3262 pIve written the following source codep  precodeifstream leggiFile leggiFile.openQuestions.txt,iosin  if leggiFile.good    cerr ltlt nnntErrore during file opening Questions.txtnnn ltlt endl  else       ...   leggiFile.close systempause codepre  pNow Id like to use the same object for working with a second file.p  precodeleggiFile.openAnswers.txt,iosin  i0 ifleggiFile.good    cerr ltlt nnntError during opening of file answers.txtnnn ltlt endl  else       ...  codepre  pProblem The 2nd time the file cannot be opened and the error message appears. Why Could you please suggest me a solutionp
Negative 3262 pIm working on an assignment that deals with binding an available port to a TCP socket. Initially, when I wrote my server code, I set a predefined port for the system to listen on, and this worked perfectly. However, upon converting my code to bind to an open port and print the port being used, I am unable to connect to the server via telnet.p  pI came across another interesting anomaly when I converted my code back to using a predefined port. Once again, the server worked as expected on the predefined port, however, the port that it reported to be using was different than what I had assigned it.  Whats going on hap  pThis first code snippet creates a socket and uses a predefined port 32000.p  precodeCreate TCP socket with a predefined port listener  socketAFINET, SOCKSTREAM, 0 iflistener  1      perrorCreate socket     exit1 End if  bzeroampservaddr, sizeofservaddrSet serraddr to 0s servaddr.sinfamily  AFINET servaddr.sinaddr.saddr  htonlINADDRANYAny of this hosts interfaces is OK. servaddr.sinport  htons32000 bindlistener, struct sockaddr ampservaddr, sizeofservaddr length  sizeofservaddr getsocknamelistener, struct sockaddr ampservaddr, amplengthFind out port number printfRSTREAM assigned port number dn, servaddr.sinport codepre  pThis second code snippet uses an available port. I tried setting servaddr.sinport to 0 because I read that doing so signifies that the system is to provide an available port. I also tried commenting this line out just for the heck of it, but the results were the same.p  precodeCreate TCP socket with an open port listener  socketAFINET, SOCKSTREAM, 0 iflistener  1      perrorCreate socket     exit1 End if  bzeroampservaddr, sizeofservaddrSet serraddr to 0s servaddr.sinfamily  AFINET servaddr.sinaddr.saddr  htonlINADDRANYAny of this hosts interfaces is OK. servaddr.sinport  htons0bind will provide unique port. bindlistener, struct sockaddr ampservaddr, sizeofservaddr length  sizeofservaddr getsocknamelistener, struct sockaddr ampservaddr, amplengthFind out port number printfRSTREAM assigned port number dn, servaddr.sinport codepre
Negative 3262 pHi I get the following warnings p  precodeg stdc0x Wall c Iusrlocalboost1530 IhomeadityaCodeBaseincludes      MAIN.cpp  In file included from usrlocalboost1530boostinterprocessdetailmanagedopenorcreateimpl.hpp150,              from usrlocalboost1530boostinterprocess managedsharedmemory.hpp22,              from MAIN.cpp22 usrlocalboost1530boostinterprocessdetailosthreadfunctions.hpp In function  void boostinterprocessipcdetailthreadsleepunsigned int usrlocalboost1530boostinterprocessdetailosthreadfunctions.hpp16965 warning narrowing conversion of ms  1000u from unsigned int to timet aka long int inside   [Wnarrowing] usrlocalboost1530boostinterprocessdetailosthreadfunctions.hpp16965 warning narrowing conversion of ms  1000u  1000000u from unsigned int to long int inside   [Wnarrowing] codepre  pon compiling the following programp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltmemorygt include ltboostthread.hppgt include ltboostmanagedsharedmemory.hppgt  int main     return 0  codepre  pIm using gcc 4.7 on an ubuntu 12.04p
Negative 3262 pIve started exploring the a hrefhttpsgithub.comapohlloCKAN relnofollowCKAN Ruby clienta and I cant seem to fully grasp it. This is what I came up withp  precoderequire ckan  CKANPackage.findtags gt [statistics].each do pack   puts pack end  CKANPackage[2000uscensusrdf]  CKANPackage[adbsdbs]  CKANPackage[atstatistics]  CKANPackage[auabs]  ...and tons more... codepre  pThis gives me a all packages with the tag codestatisticscode. Lets say I want the codenhscode package which is displayed as codeCKANPackage[nhs]code in the output generated above. This is the part Im stuck at. How do I actually use that package How do I read its data I guess it will give me JSON I have had a look at its a hrefhttpsgithub.comapohlloCKANtreemasterlibckan relnofollowsource codea and it seems reasonably easy to understand though I am not sure which class to use.p
Negative 3262 pWhy cant I point a char to array of C stringsp  precodeint mainint argc, char argv[]       char c1[]  Hey,Hello     printfs,c1[1]   works fine codepre  pvsp  precodeint mainint argc, char argv[]       char c1  Hey,Hello     printfs,c1[1]   error codepre
Negative 3262 pThis is probably a simple question but I cant seem to find what I am looking for on the web so here it goes. I have a link on my company INTRAnet site that senior management does not want the employees to see the actual web address via the source option on the View tab of IE. p  pPlease let me know how I can do this in HTML, asp.net or JS.  p  pThanksp  pp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to append HTML dynamically with Express framework in a static HTML file that my server serves. Ive found about the cheerio module that does exactly what I want, but I was wondering if there is a much cheaper way for the system instead of loading the whole HTML and appending a string. p  pI searched about AJAX and how to communicate with the client but I didnt manage to make it work. The code I am using with cheerio isp  precodeexports.modify  functionreq, res    var html  fs.readFileSyncdirname  ..publicindex.html, utf8    var   cheerio.loadhtml   var scriptNode  ltpgtSource code modifiedltpgt   body.appendscriptNode    fs.writeFiledirname  ..publicindex.html, .html, function err      if err throw err     console.logIts modified         res.send.html    codepre  pHow can I do it in more proper way maybe with AJAX call Any suggestions would be more than welcome.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to get my head around the whole codedeferredcode concept and Im trying to use it to synchronize a codefadeIncodecodefadeOutcode animation together with an Ajax call.p  pBasically Im switching content on page doingp  ol liFetch content with ajaxli liOn response FadeOutli liReplace contentli liFadeInli ol  pHowever, If i understand codedeferredcodes right I might be able to do something like thisp  ol lifadeOut, and at the same time initialize Fetch content with ajaxli liWhen both the fadeOut and the Fetch content are complete Change contentli liFadeInli ol  pSome code of the original solutionp  precode.geturl, functionpage      content.fadeTo100, 0, linear, function          this.htmlpage.text.fadeTo400, 1, linear       codepre  pI am trying to do something like thisp  precodevar deferred1  .geturl var deferred2  content.fadeTo100, 0, linear.promise  .whendeferred1, deferred2.donefunction      content.htmlpage.text.fadeTo400, 1, linear  codepre  pI just cant really get clear on how to use it. And should i use done or then Should I use pipe in a clever way Do I need codepromisecodep  pWhat would be the more standardized way to implement thisp
Negative 3262 pHi Im a novice in web programming only web so be gentle please. Im trying to build a sample app using bootstrap. My interest is in navbar in which I want to be able to have dropdown menu on nav links when hovered. To be more specific I need nav links to behave as they normally do display tab content, e.g. some page when clicked but with dropdown menu showing when hovered. I cant have booth datatoggletab and datatoggledropdown now can I Thank to this site Ive managed to do hovering part But Im stuck on displaying dropdown menu, some link or example would be great. Thanks in advance.p  pMy HTML codep  precodeltdiv classcontainergt    lt Container start gt     ltdiv classrowgt         ltdiv classspan12gt             ltdiv classnavbargt                 ltdiv classnavbarinnergt                     lta classbrand span2 hrefgtTitleltagt                     ltul classnavgt                         ltli classdividerverticalgtltligt                         ltli classactivegtlta idnavcallcen  hreftlink1 datatoggletabgtLink1ltagtltligt                         ltli classdividerverticalgtltligt                         ltligtlta hreftlink2 datatoggletabgtLink2ltagtltligt                         ltli classdividerverticalgtltligt                         ltligtlta hreftlink3 datatoggletabgtLink3ltagtltligt                         ltli classdividerverticalgtltligt                         ltli class dropdowngt                             lta classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdown hreftlink4 gtLink4ltagt                                 ltul classdropdownmenu gt                                     ltligtlta idlink1 tabindex1 hrefgtLink1ltagtltligt                                     ltligtlta idlink2 tabindex1 hrefgtLink2ltagtltligt                                 ltulgt                         ltligt                      ltulgt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt      ltdiv classrowgt         ltdiv classspan12gt             ltdiv idappContent classtabcontentgt                  ltdiv classtabpane active idtlink1gt                     ltpgtThis is Link1ltpgt                 ltdivgt                    ltdiv classtabpane idtlink2gt                     ltpgtThis is Link2ltpgt                 ltdivgt                     ltdiv classtabpane idtlink3gt                     ltpgtThis is Link3ltpgt                 ltdivgt                     ltdiv classtabpane idtlink4gt                     ltpgtThis is Link4ltpgt                 ltdivgt                  ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt            ltdivgt lt Container end gt codepre  pCSSp  precodeul.nav li.dropdownhover gt ul.dropdownmenu     margin 0     display block       a.menuafter, .dropdowntoggleafter    content none  codepre  pJSp  precode.dropdown.onclick, li, functionevent          a[hreftevent.target.id].tabshow  codepre
Negative 3262 pHow can i create a single click listener for multiple buttons which are created dynnamically This is my code.p  precodeint cn  myary.length ScrollView sv  new ScrollViewthis TableLayout ll  new TableLayoutthis HorizontalScrollView hsv  new HorizontalScrollViewthis TableRow tbrow0  new TableRowthis      EditText tv0  new EditTextthis     tv0.setText     tbrow0.addViewtv0      ll.addViewtbrow0     int j  0     for int i  0 i lt cn i          TableRow tbrow  new TableRowthis          t1v  new Buttonthis         t1v.setTextmyary[i]         t1v.setIdij         tbrow.addViewt1v          ll.addViewtbrow          hsv.addViewll     sv.addViewhsv     setContentViewsv codepre
Negative 3262 pI want to make a singleton class Phone, so that it can be initializable with number and also concurrentsafe. So, here is what I came withp  precodeimport java.io.BufferedReader import java.io.File import java.io.FileReader import java.io.IOException   public class PhoneTest      public static void mainString... args         System.out.printlnPhone.getInstance.getNumber           static final class Phone          private final String number         private final static Phone instance         static              instance  new PhonePhonePropertyReader.readPhoneNumber                   private PhoneString number              this.number  number                   public static Phone getInstance              if instance  null throw                  new IllegalStateExceptioninstance was not initialized             return instance                   public String getNumber              return number                     static final class PhonePropertyReader          static String readPhoneNumber              File file  new Filephone.properties             String phone               System.out.printlnfile.getAbsolutePath             if file.exists                  return phone  5550101                           try                  BufferedReader r  new BufferedReadernew FileReaderfile                 phone  r.readLine.split[1].trim                 r.close              catch IOException e                            return phone                codepre  palso I have a file phone.properties containingp  precodephone12345 codepre  pIs it a good solution Is it concurrent safep
Negative 3262 pIm working on a launcher for the Minecraft game, what I would like to do is set the APPDATA windows location for the game. The value is not really changed, but its modified for the program that executed the code. For example, its very easy to achieve this on Mac OS X or Linux systems by changing the home folders location using codeSystem.setPropertyuser.home, dircode but how do you achieve this with the APPDATA folder on windowsp  pModifying this location IS possible using Batch scripts like so codeAPPDATACDminecraftcode.p  pThe programlauncher is programmed using swing, and is not console based.p
Negative 3262 pI want group a list by items of 3, and iterate over each such group by 2item combinations as concisely as possible. I tried a couple things one of which that is not even compilingp  precodefrom itertools import combinations L  [1,2,3,4,5,6] for a,b in combinationszip[iterL]3, 2      print 0d 1d.formata,b codepre  pstrongExpected Outputstrongp  precode1,2 1,3 2,3 4,5 4,6 5,6 codepre  pI can do this by with imperative statements but I am looking for a declarative way.p
Negative 3262 pIn embedded programming there is a need to create atomic sections of code  so called critical sections. They are usually implemented via macros, for example, like thisp  precodedefine ENTERCRITICAL int savedstatus  CPUSTATUSREGISTER disableirq define EXITCRITICAL  CPUSTATUSREGISTER  savedstatus codepre  pI.e. on entering the status of interrupts enabled or disabled is saved on exit  it is restored. The problem is that additional variable is needed for this.p  pMy question is is it possible to make critical sections via constexpr functions and to get rid of macros what so everp
Negative 3262 pThe answer must be obvious but I dont see itp  phere is my javascript class  p  precodevar Authentification  function          this.jeton  ,         this.componentAvailable  false,         Authentification.ACCESSMASTER  httplocalhost1923,          isComponentAvailable  function              var alea  100000Math.random              .ajax                url  Authentification.ACCESSMASTER  testcomposant  alea,                type POST,                success functiondata                     echodata                ,                error functionmessage, status, errorThrown                      alertstatus                     alerterrorThrown                                           return true               codepre  pthen I instanciatep  precodevar auth  new Authentification  alertAuthentification.ACCESSMASTER     alertauth.componentAvailable alertauth.isComponentAvailable codepre  pI can reach everything but the last method, it says in firebug p  pstrongauth.isComponentAvailable is not a functionstrong .. but it is..p  pThank youp
Negative 3262 pThis is the code i have in a cs file and placed in AppCode folder.p  precodepublic class ABC System.Web.UI.Page       ltsummarygt      Default constructor      ltsummarygt     public ABC                        TODO Add constructor logic here                codepre  pHere i am able to inherit the Page class to ABC class when the solution was taken as New Website and not able to inherit when solution taken as New Project.p  pIs this the problem due to the type of solutionNew ProjectNew Websitep
Negative 3262 pi have installed tideSDK 1.3.1beta on my machine File path is user.tidesdk.. then tried to install  tideSDK developer 1.4.2 i got following error message.p  pstrongCouldnt load filehomemareeswariTideSDKDeveloper1.4.2linuxx86runtime1.3.1betalibtide.so, error usrliblibstdc.so.6 version GLIBCXX3.4.15 not found required by homemareeswariTideSDKDeveloper1.4.2linuxx86runtime1.3.1betalibtide.sostrong p
Negative 3262 pIs there any Eclipse plugin  that shows commit activity for a hrefhttpsubclipse.tigris.org relnofollowSubclipsea in terms on lines addedmodified over timep  pTo make an example, it would very nice to have a graph visualization like the one provided by GitHub or BitBucket.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comRu6dp.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pIm using C to try save a file to an iis temp folder path, it works locally but wheh i publish the app and access it from another computer it uses the full path C.... and cant find it as its looking for a local directory, how can i fix thisp  precodeServer.MapPathTEMP  filename  code to savefile codepre  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pstrongModelsstrongp  precodeclass Categorymodels.Model     name  models.CharField   class Elementmodels.Model    name  models.CharField    categories  models.ManyToManyFieldCategory codepre  pstrongAnnonate codestrongp  precodegtgtgt from django.db.models import Count gtgtgt q  Category.objects.all.annotateelementcount  Countelement  gtgtgt print q[0].elementcount 223 codepre  pAnd I want to serialize it with the django default json serializer but it takes only fieldsp  pHow I can add an annotate result as a virtual field to my field list in a queryset. That it looks like a field and that I can work with as a field a hrefhttpsdocs.djangoproject.comendevtopicsserialization relnofollowhttpsdocs.djangoproject.comendevtopicsserializationa Any ideasp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pDidnt know how best to describe this but ill explain here. I want to be able to do what i can do with codeprintfcode I.E codeprintfVariable,astringcodep  pto call the below method i would run codewritesocksock,my message but i want a variable in here a wellcodep  pDoes that make sensep  precodestatic void writesockint sock, const char msg      int len  strlenmsg     if writesock, msg, len  len              perrorshort write on socket         exit1       codepre
Negative 3262 pJavascript request is stuck on ...processing.p  pAnd here is my javascriptp  precodefunction checklink      var hr  new XMLHttpRequest     var url  newitem.php     var tratata  document.getElementByIdyl1.value     var vars  yl  tratata      hr.openPOST, url, true      hr.setRequestHeaderContenttype, applicationxwwwformurlencoded      hr.onreadystatechange  function           if hr.readyState  4 ampamp hr.status  200              var returndata  hr.responseText             document.getElementByIdstatus2.innerHTML  returndata                    hr.sendvars     document.getElementByIdstatus2.innerHTML  processing...  codepre  pHere is php which is located on the same pagep  precodeltphp if issetPOST[yl]    yli  POST[yl]        ...   codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a webpage with consists of a list of places referred to as codeitemtypehttpschema.orgPlacecode by microdata. However these places are displayed conditionally when the user clicks on something. By default, none of these places is displayed.p  pTherefore, when google robots browse my page it doesnt see any visible places. They are here but in csshidden divs.p  pMy question is this Is there a point of adding microdata to these places even though they are hidden most of the time Will this microdata be taken into account Is it better to add microdata to hidden divs or add separate chunks of meta microdatap  pAn live example is better than a long description, you can see what Im talking about on my page a hrefhttptakemeeast.nettheproject relnofollowhttptakemeeast.nettheprojectap  pFocus on the spiral on the left. All places are hidden by default, only the name is shown, and it appears as soon as you click on the name of the place on the spiral. Id like to add microdata to these popovers.p  pThank you for any of your answers.p
Negative 3262 pIve been struggling with this. When on my Droid 2.3.4 and viewing content via iFrame in Fancybox2, Im not getting scroll bars. Ive seen many potential solutions, but all have no affect. All other browsers, including iPhone 5 and iPad.. work. Im only having trouble with my Droid.p  pHere is the calling function.p  precode.various.fancybox     maxWidth     800,     maxHeight    600,     fitToView    false,     width        95,     height       70,     autoSize     false,     closeClick   false,     openEffect   elastic,     closeEffect  none,     helpers           overlay               locked  false                codepre  pIve tried various overflowscrolls or the important fix, but nothing works. Ive even tried using iScroll, but nothing is providing any scrolling. p  pPlease let me know if you have any ideas. Im about to the point of putting special handling for Droid devices to open a separate page.. but obviously, I want to avoid this.p
Negative 3262 pI am learning how to handle view controller hierarchies using the storyboard.  I have 2 ViewControllers the root of type cwViewController what I understand is self below and a second of type WorkspaceViewController.  I am getting Attempt to present while a presentation is in progress as a result of this code.p  precode IBActionnextView      WorkspaceViewController workspace  [[WorkspaceViewController alloc] initWithNibNamenil bundlenil]     [self presentViewControllerworkspace animatedYES completionNULL]  codepre  pThe answer to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16117977howtopresentviewcontrollerproperlyHow to present view controller properlya is the closest answer that could apply but doesnt quite fit this scenario because Im not switching back and forth between VCs, Im just presenting one, then dismissing it to display the original.  p  pThen, I tried dismissing the current one before presenting the second, as some answers suggested, like thisp  precode[self dismissViewControllerAnimatedNO completionnil] [self presentViewControllerworkspace animatedYES completionNULL] codepre  pBut that just gets me an additional Warning Attempt to dismiss from view controller while a presentation or dismiss is in progressp  pDoing some other research I saw similar problems were solved by adding a block to p  precode[self dismissViewControllerAnimatedYES...] codepre  pBut that doesnt help here because my warning occurs before I even get to a point where I call that dismiss method.  Any further knowledge on how the order and hierarchy of views are meant to be handled would be a big help.  Thanks very much. p
Negative 3262 pThis is my modelp  precodepublic class LoginModel      public string username  get set      public string password  get set      public string ReturnUrl  get set   codepre  pThis is my controller headerp  precode    [AllowAnonymous]     public ActionResult Login         LoginModel model      codepre  pThis is my viewp  precode ltform actionUrl.ActionLogin, Login methodGETgt         Html.HiddenFormgtm.ReturnUrl         User name Html.TextBoxForfgtf.username         ltbr gt         Password Html.PasswordForfgtf.password         ltbr gtltbr gt         ltbutton typesubmitgtLoginltbuttongt     ltformgt codepre  pWhen I change the method on the form from GET to POST the binding doesnt work. I tried to addp  precode[AcceptVerbsPOST, GET] codepre  pto the controller header, it doesnt helpp
Negative 3262 pI am using the phone form helper recommended by Bootstrap to validate phone numbers inside of a text box.  The validation works as expected, but I am having some trouble setting the default value of the text box.  This is the markup I usep  precodeltinput type  text class  bfhphone dataformat  ddd ddddddd  id  phone value  ltphp echo phone gtgt codepre  pMy PHP phone variable is a 10 digit nonformatted numberp  precodephone  1234567890 codepre  pUnfortunately, the above does not display as a default value for my input box.  If I take off the class and dataformat attributes from the input element then the default value displays as expected.p  pIve tried formatting my phone variable along the lines of the dataformat attribute.  p  pIEp  precodephone  123 4567890 codepre  pBut no dice.  How do I set a default value using a PHP variable in this casep
Negative 3262 pI have a OnetoMany relationship between entities. When doing this JPQL queryp  pSELECT parent FROM Parent parent JOIN parent.child child WHERE ...p  pI get duplicate records when a parent has 2 children, only one when a parent have one child, none when there is no child none when no child is fine. Note that there is no duplicate of Parent in the SQL database.p  pThe entities are declared as followp  precodeEntity... public class Parent       Id     Long parentId      OneToManymappedBy  parentID     ListltChildgt children   Entity... public class Child a      Long parentId  codepre  pI omitted a lot of code for brevitys sake, but that should give you a strong idea of what I am trying to do. Note that the relationship is defined on the parents side because I need the list of parents along with their children returned from the query.p
Negative 3262 pWhat is the difference between codeClassltgtcode and codeClassltObjectgtcode in Java AFAIK Java Erasure changes codeltgtcode to its upper bound, which in this case would be codeObjectcode anyway. So what is this forp
Negative 3262 pIm working on my first Rails project and Im trying create a proper UserAddress or rather UserLocation association. I thought my problem was common and that others had done what Im trying successfully and that it would be easy to find an answer but it wasnt the case. There are many different questions with extremely different answers and I couldnt figure out how to do things in my case. Heres my scenariop  pThe location can be a country, StateRegion or City, not more specific than that Im using Google Places Librarys autocomplete feature. So to avoid a lot of duplicate information in the codeuserscode table every time one or more users live in the same city country, state, city, latitude, longitude etc, I figured I should have a codelocationscode table. Even worse, the user should have a homelocation and currentlocation. Now the associationsp  pstronghasonestrongp  pAt first I thought Well, a user has an addresslocation, so I should probably use the codehasonecode association. But it turns out that if I use codeuser hasone locationcode, the location table will be the one pointing to the users table, which is not what I want, since many users should be able to reference the same location.p  pstrongbelongstohasmanystrongp  pOK, then Ill use the belongstohasmany association I thought. Seemed pretty neat at first. Seemed to make a lot of sense. Im using the nested forms gem, which works pretty well for everything else Ive done so far, and the nested form for locations loaded and the information was sent correctly. The location was created and added to the database successfully, but there was one problem The user.location wasnt saved. Trying to figure out why, I realize theres something very weird about this whole thing. Rails is not treating this design structure the way I need the way I feel is more intuitive. Indeed, usually this association is used for usermicroposts like in a hrefhttpruby.railstutorial.orgchapters relnofollowHartls tutoriala and this kind of thing. But in my case the idea is different. We humans understand that, but Rails doesnt seem to. I want a user to be able to say where he lives in his edit profile page. But  From what Ive been reading it seems like rails is expecting the emLOCATIONSem edit page to have a nested form for users. Like its expecting me to create a user like thisp  precodelocation.user.createemailgtjohnexample.com codepre  pWhile what I need is to create a location like this p  precodeuser.location.createcitygtRio de Janeiro, etc codepre  pOK. Maybe what I want is too specific and Rails standard association wont work. After all this code above would create duplicate cities, so Id need something likep  pcodeuser.location.findorcreatecitygtRio de Janeirocode Does this even exist for associated objectsp  pHeres the code for this attempt that saved the location successfully but didnt create the associationp  pstrongmodelstrongp  precodeclass User lt ActiveRecordBase   attraccessible ... homelocation, homelocationattributes,                   currentlocation, currentlocationattributes, etc     belongsto homelocation, classname gt Location   acceptsnestedattributesfor homelocation    belongsto currentlocation, classname gt Location   acceptsnestedattributesfor currentlocation    ... end  class Location lt ActiveRecordBase   attraccessible googleid, latitude, longitude,                   administrativearealevel1, administrativearealevel2,                   city, neighborhood, country, countryid    belongsto country    hasmany users end codepre  pstrongschemastrongp  precode  createtable users, force gt true do t     ...     t.integer  homelocation     t.integer  currentlocation     t.text     aboutme     t.datetime createdat,                         null gt false     t.datetime updatedat,                         null gt false     ...   end    createtable locations, force gt true do t     t.string   googleid,                   null gt false     t.string   latitude,                    null gt false     t.string   longitude,                   null gt false     t.integer  countryid,                  null gt false     t.string   administrativearealevel1     t.string   administrativearealevel2     t.string   city     t.string   neighborhood     t.datetime createdat,                  null gt false     t.datetime updatedat,                  null gt false   end codepre  pBut then it seemed what I wanted was too particular so I gave everything up and tried to simply add a codeformfor locationcode. Then I could check in the user controller if the record already existed and save it in the users homelocation attribute. So I removed the following lines from the user modelp  precodeacceptsnestedattributesfor homelocation acceptsnestedattributesfor currentlocation codepre  pAnd replaced the codef.fieldsforcode in the editprofile view with codeformfor locationcode.p  pThen in the controller I added some code to deal with the locationp  precodeclass UsersController lt ApplicationController   beforefilter signedinuser,  only [index, edit, update, destroy]   beforefilter signedoutuser, only [new, create]   beforefilter correctuser,    only [edit, update]    ...   def edit     if user.speaks.length  0       user.speaks.new     end     if user.wantstolearn.length  0       user.wantstolearn.new     end     if user.homelocation.blank       user.homelocation  Location.new     end   end    def update     logger.debug params      ...      homelocation  nil      params[homelocation][countryid]  params[homelocation].deletecountry      unless params[homelocation][countryid].blank       params[homelocation][countryid]  Country.findbyiso3166codeparams[homelocation][countryid].id        homelocation  Location.whereparams[homelocation]       The line above describe the behavior I actually want,       but for testing purposes I simplified as below       homelocation  Location.find2 There is a Location with id2 in the DB        if homelocation.nil         homelocation  Location.newparams[homelocation]         if homelocation.save then homelocation  nil end       end     end      if user.updateattributesparams[user]       user.homelocation  homelocation       user.save       flash[success]  Profile updated       signin user       render action gt edit       redirectto action gt edit     else       render action gt edit     end   end   ... end codepre  pBut still it doesnt save the association. In fact even in the console, no matter what I do, the users homelocation attribute never gets saved to the database.p  pDoes anybody have any idea of what may be happeningp  pWhy is the association not being saved Whats is the most correct way of doing this in Railsp  pIm sorry about the length of the question. Hope somebody reads it. Id be very gratefulp  pThanksp  pstrongEDIT 1strongp  pFollowing RobHeatons tip, I added a custom setter in my User modelp  precode  def homelocation location params[user][homelocation]    locations  Location.wherelocation    homelocation  locations.first.id unless locations.empty   end codepre  pAfter fixing some issues that popped up, it started working The data was finally saved to the database. I still have no idea why it didnt work in the controller though. Does any body have any guess Im wondering if the mistake wasnt actually somewhere else and I ended up fixing it without noticing just because the code was better organized in the model.p  pStill, the problem is not completely solved. Although the value is saved to the database, I cant access the associated model in the standard Rails way.p  precode1.9.3p362 001 gt ariel  User.first   User Load 0.5ms  SELECT users. FROM users LIMIT 1  gt ltUser id 1, firstname Ariel, lastname Pontes, username nil, email pontesariel.com, passworddigest 2a10Ue8dhnRh9kL9lUd8JjQU.okD6TtE i4H1tphmRoNIQ15..., remembertoken kadybXrh1g0XBEHxhA4w, dateofbirth nil, gender nil, interestedin 0, relationshipstatus nil, homelocation 3, curr entlocation nil, aboutme , createdat 20130507 142805, updatedat 20130509 201041, homedetails nil, currentdetails nilgt  1.9.3p362 002 gt ariel.homelocation  gt nil codepre  pThe weird thing is that not only isnt Rails able to return the associated object, it wont even return the integer id stored in the object How does that make any sense I was hoping for a Location object and, worst case scenario, expecting a 3 in return. But instead I get nil.p  pI tried to write a custom getter anywayp  precode  def homelocation     if homelocation.blank then return nil end     Location.findhomelocation   end codepre  pBut of course it doesnt work. Any more ideasp
Negative 3262 pI have this string on one of the columns on my database tablep  precodeblack linesTECH43223 codepre  pI need to split the string, and this is my code to split the stringp  precodeSelect LTRIMSUBSTRINGComplaint, CHARINDEX,Complaint1, lenComplaint from       Service codepre  pand the result isp  precodeTECH43223 codepre  pBut what I need is that string black lines. Can I split the string, and get the first value p
Negative 3262 pGiven the following Router setupp  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodeApp.Router.mapfunction    this.resourceposts, function      this.routenew     this.resourcepost,  path postid , function        this.routeedit          codepre  pIs it possible to obtain the strongpathstrong of a routep  pFictitious examplep  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodeApp.Router.getpath, posts.new gt postsnew codepre  pOr with a model likep  precodeApp.Router.getpath, post.edit, model gt posts1edit codepre
Negative 3262 pI have to check the login credentials in my swing application at the client side which is invoked by an executable jar file. Once the details are filled,it check in the servlet in the database. My servlet is working fine. p  pHow to connect a Swing application client to a servletp
Negative 3262 pIm calling codeCHtmlajaxlinkcode like sop  precode        ltphp echo CHtmlajaxLinkAdd to a list,             thisgtcreateUrlitemListajaxadditem,             array                 onclickgtaddToListDialog.dialogopen return false,                 typegtPOST,                 updategtaddToListDialog,                 data gt jsproductid  productID.val             ,             arrayidgtshowAddToListDialog     gt codepre  pI dont know how to write the values of the AJAX options array dynamically. Im using a workaround to get the value using JavaScript, codeproductID.valcode and a hidden field.p  pI want to write something likep  precodedata gt jsproductid  modelgtproductid codepre  pBut codemodelgtproductidcode is entered as a literal string.p  pCan anyone give me a way to do this My method wont actually solve the problem since I need to write this AJAX link multiple times on the fly.p
Negative 3262 precodecomputers  GetContent Path Coutputoutput.txt output  PCnamecoutput output1  .txt output2 outputcomputersoutput1 msinfo32.exe report output2 computer computer codepre  pWhat I am getting is the msinfo32.exe report output2 computer computer is reading the first PCname and only that name and writing the file name is each PCname with a space between each of them. Sorry for what most will seem to be a simple question I just started using PS.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to convert eSellerate example from c to QT, but Im getting this error while compilingp  blockquote   pexpected initializer before eSellerateValidateSerialNumberp blockquote  pDoes anybody know where is the mistake p  precodeifndef VALIDATEAPIH define VALIDATEAPIH  ifdef cplusplus   extern C  endif  typedef char eSellerateString typedef short eSellerateDaysSince2000  eSellerateDaysSince2000 stdcall eSellerateValidateSerialNumber    eSellerateString serialNumber,  0terminated ASCII string                       eSellerateString nameBasedKey,  0terminated ASCII string NULL if unneeded    eSellerateString extraDataKey,  0terminated ASCII string NULL if unneeded    eSellerateString publisherKey   0terminated ASCII string                      codepre
Negative 3262 pC Mono development for iOS has certain restrictions due to Apples requirement to precompile the code, i.e. no JIT compilation is allowed. Because of this calls such as Reflection.Emit are not supported. But I wonder if C dynamics can be used in C compiled for iOS.p  pFor examplep  prepository.Findrepository.UserName  Johnp  pHere repository is a dynamic object with static method Find and dynamic property UserName. This approach works fine on all modern Windowsbased .NET platforms, I believe it also works on Mono for Android. But what about MonoTouch In principle there shouldnt be restrictions to dynamically resolve dynamic properties based on runtime information  unless perhaps legal constraints that Apple is so good in.p
Negative 3262 pWhile writing code for my assignment, I have stuck on one strange behavior. The code is big, so while it is not necessary, I wont post it.p  pThe thing is while I was trying to delete an object from the vector, I had a segmentation fault. While trying to debug it myself, I have found thisp  pIf I execute my code with the following snippet, I have my vector empty and then segmentation fault on the second line since vector is empty.p  precodecout ltlt thisgtadjacencyList.empty ltlt endl  yeah, Im working with graph cout ltlt thisgtadjacencyList[0] ltlt endl  list has pointers codepre  pHowever, when I delete the second line, it shows that vector is not empty and then proceeds. The guard for empty vectors cannot hold it and segmentation fault comes.p  pDo you have any ideas on this behavior If the point is still vague, I can post my full code as an edit.p  pThanks in advance.p  pEDITp  pFor the one who was asking a little more.p  precodevoid Node  removeEdge string destination  removes an edge edge is a class that contains a pointer to another node and its weight      bool deleted  false     cout ltlt this ltlt endl  output stream operator is overloaded for node class and is working properly  shows its label and edges  no error for an edge     cout ltlt thisgtadjacencyList.empty ltlt endl      cout ltlt thisgtadjacencyList[0] ltlt endl  output stream operator is overloaded for edge class  error for an edge     if thisgtadjacencyList.empty              for vector ltEdge gt  iterator itr  thisgtadjacencyList.begin itr  thisgtadjacencyList.end itr                      if itrgtgetAdjacentgtgetLabel  destination  segfault here                              Edge temp  itr                 thisgtadjacencyList.erase itr                 delete temp                 deleted  true                                if deleted         throw EDGEDOESNOTEXIST  one of exceptions declared in enum somewhere in my code  codepre  pSECOND EDITp  pNOTE I cannot change headers they were supplied by assistants, so dont ask me to change.p  pIf you are interested in a full code, you can find herep  pa hrefhttppastebin.comiCYF6hdP relnofollowhttppastebin.comiCYF6hdPa  Exceptions.h  all exceptionsp  pa hrefhttppastebin.com1fcgHGDa relnofollowhttppastebin.com1fcgHGDaa  Edge.h  edge class declarationp  pa hrefhttppastebin.comC2DD6e3D relnofollowhttppastebin.comC2DD6e3Da  Edge.cpp  edge class implementationp  pa hrefhttppastebin.comZNqQ1iHE relnofollowhttppastebin.comZNqQ1iHEa  Node.h  node class declarationp  pa hrefhttppastebin.comkaVtZ3SH relnofollowhttppastebin.comkaVtZ3SHa  Node.cpp  node class implementationp  pa hrefhttppastebin.comA7Fwsi4m relnofollowhttppastebin.comA7Fwsi4ma  Network.h  graph class declarationp  pa hrefhttppastebin.com02LX0rjw relnofollowhttppastebin.com02LX0rjwa  Network.cpp  graph class implementationp  pa hrefhttppastebin.comMRMn0Scz relnofollowhttppastebin.comMRMn0Scza  main.cpp  sample mainp
Negative 3262 pI just need to place two buttonseach 50dp of width parallelly in the screen.  The first one should have margin left 10dp and placing that is fine.p  pBut the second button should place in the screen keeping a 30dp marin left from middleHorizontally.  What I need to do is it should start from the place where I have indicated with an arrow. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comkTAdY.png altenter image description herep  pMy design xml as follows. It doesnt matter to use a LinearLayout or RelativeLayout.p  precodeltRelativeLayout     androidididrelativeLayout1     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidbackground634785 gt              ltButton         androidididbutton1         androidlayoutwidth50dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextB1         androidlayoutmarginLeft10dp gt      ltButton         androidididbutton2         androidlayoutwidth50dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextB2                    androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue         androidlayoutmarginLeft30dp gt ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI am trying to find a list of items from my database but it throws an exception. My code and error are as following , all field types are correct.p  pstrongCodestrong p  precode     System.out.println2       try             ps  con.prepareStatementSELECT  from Users Where name            ResultSet r  ps.executeQuery         ps.setString1, jack         ResultSet result  ps.executeQuery         ....          catch SQLException e              System.err.printlne.getMessage             System.out.printlne.getStackTrace          codepre  pstrongOutputstrongp  precodeINFO 2 SEVERE No value specified for parameter 1 INFO [Ljava.lang.StackTraceElement6520c5b codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a masterpage with with a function that returns current date and time, my problem is that everytime my timer ticks, blockUI is being called.. is there a way i can disable it in a particular event like timer1tick Thank you in advance.p  pMasterpagep  precodeltaspScriptManager runatserver IDMainScriptManager AsyncPostBackTimeOut36000gt ltaspUpdatePanel runatserver IDupdatepanelgt     ltContentTemplategt         ltGetDateTimegt         ltaspTimer IDTimer1 runatserver Interval1gtltaspTimergtlttdgt     ltContentTemplategt ltaspUpdatePanelgt codepre  pCodebehindp  precodepublic static string GetDateTime      string currentDateTime  DateTime.Now.ToString     return currentDateTime   protected void Timer1Tickobject sender, EventArgs e      GetDateTime  codepre
Negative 3262 pI am using PHP 5.3.6 and and using HTML entities to encode some POST data. However, parenthesis and  are not encoding to their equivalent entity.p  pWe have been told by the web security team that these characters must be encoded as they could potentially be used in a XSS attack.p  pData being postedp  precodeparen   amp  wont encode codepre  pcodehtmlentitiesPOST[firstname], ENTQUOTES, UTF8codep  poutputp  precodeparen   ampamp  wonamp039t encode codepre  pAs you can see the    are untouched.p  pThanks in advance.p  pEDIT This is what I ended up using which did the job. Thanks.brp  precodefunction stripcustomcharsencodechars        searches  array,,       replacements  arrayamp37,amp40,amp41       encoded  strreplacesearches, replacements,encodechars       return encoded  codepre
Negative 3262 pI want to execute a command like this codeLDPRELOADpathtomyso .a.outcodep  pso I wrote a shell scriptp  precodecmdLDPRELOADpathtomyso .a.out cmd codepre  pError occuredp  precodeLDPRELOADpathtomyso  no such file or directory codepre  pBy the way, the file codepathtomysocode exists and I can successfully execute the command in a bash.p  pAnything wrongp
Negative 3262 pI am using oracle forms 6i and i am have created a dynamic sql using EXECSQL. I am using a single block record however i am unable to navigate between records when i say nextrecord i am not moving. No errors just the record is not going to the next recordp  pThis code fires every time the user clicks on the emfirst,previous,next and lastem buttons on the toolbar. The query is returning the records i am just having problems accessing it thru navigation buttons in a single record block.p  pstrongCodestrong p  precodeBEGIN        cursornumber  ExecSQL.Opencursor       recordcountcursornumber  ExecSQL.Opencursor    build SQL   SqlStmt  SELECT .......   FROM table WHERE 1  1 whereclause  order by surnamedynamic where      cannot use the dynamic where since this changes based on rowid                                     SqlCountStmt  SELECT COUNTDISTINCTinsregnoFROM table WHERE 1  1 global.inslastwhereclausedynamic where    ShowMessagewhereclause                                                              Parse SQL statement     EXECSQL.PARSEcursornumber, SqlStmt     EXECSQL.PARSErecordcountcursornumber, SqlCountStmt      Define the cloums for the data to be returned     EXECSQL.DEFINECOLUMNcursornumber,1, insregno     ......     ......     ......      EXECSQL.DEFINECOLUMNrecordcountcursornumber,1,totalRecords      Execute the cursor     Count  EXECSQL.EXECUTEcursornumber      CountRec  EXECSQL.EXECUTErecordcountcursornumber              WHILE EXECSQL.FETCHROWSrecordcountcursornumbergt 0 LOOP                 SETITEMPROPERTYCURSORSTYLE,BUSY                                EXECSQL.COLUMNVALUErecordcountcursornumber,1,totalRecords                             global.inslastrecordclick  totalRecords         END LOOP      EXECSQL.CLOSECURSORrecordcountcursornumbervery important to close cursor since system can freeze when navigating records      IFtonumberglobal.inslastrecordclick  0THEN         global.inslastrecordclick  totalRecords      WHILE EXECSQL.FETCHROWScursornumbergt 0 LOOP               EXECSQL.COLUMNVALUEcursornumber,1,insregno             .......             .......             ........              For each operation here that request data to get to the record                  IFrequest  GETALLTHEN                     LASTRECORD                       FIRSTRECORD                            EXIT WHEN SYSTEM.LASTRECORD  TRUE                                                            ELSIFrequest  NEXT THEN                     LASTRECORD                     NEXTRECORD                                 ELSIFrequest  PREVIOUSTHEN                 LASTRECORD                 PREVIOUSRECORD                 ELSIFrequest  FIRSTTHEN                     FIRSTRECORD                                END IF              END LOOP                      EXECSQL.CLOSECURSORcursornumbervery important to close cursor since system can freeze when navigating records                set form fields qual to the cursor data             insregno              insregno             insmarstat            insmarstat             insothname            insothname              inssex                 inssex             insdob                 insdob             inspob                 inspob             ...............             ...............        GOBLOCKTOOLBARBLK       ELSE         MessageQuery Caused No Records To Be Retrived,NOACKNOWLEDGE     END IF  END codepre
Negative 3262 pI have the following code inside php page that displays data from a table. In the last column I have a delete button that calls a function to delete the corresponding row from the tablep  precode     Print data from db     result  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM questions     echo lttable border1 aligncentergt     lttrgt     ltthgtIDltthgt     ltthgtMultiple Choice Questionltthgt     ltthgtCorrect answerltthgt     ltthgtThe Tip You Giveltthgt     ltthgtEdit Questionltthgt     ltthgtDelete Questionltthgt     lttrgt     whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayresult              echo lttrgt         echo lttd aligncentergt . row[ID] . lttdgt         echo lttdgt . row[Question] . lttdgt         echo lttd aligncentergt . row[Answer] . lttdgt         echo lttdgt . row[Help] . lttdgt         echo lttd aligncentergtltbutton typebutton onclickeditquestiongtltimg srcimagesEdit.pnggtltbuttongtlttdgt         echo lttd aligncentergtltbutton typebutton onclickdeletequestionrowgtltimg srcimagesdelete.pnggtltbuttongtlttdgt         echo lttrgt          echo lttablegt codepre  pthe function is the followingp  precode    ltscriptgt     function deletequestionint rowid             var rconfirmAre you sure you want to delete this question        if rtrue                   alertltphp            conmysqlconnectlocalhost,stesia,stesia,stesia            Check connection           if mysqlerrno                         echo Failed to connect to MySQL  . mysqlerror                      mysqlquerycon,DELETE FROM questions WHERE ID.rowid.           echo You want to delete the  . rowid[ID] .  question           echo Question deleted           mysqlclosecon           gt                else                   alertQuestion not deleted                  ltscriptgt codepre  pThe problem is that the function is called and displays the messages, but the row is not deleted checked that in mysql also. I have tried some things but no luck. What am I doing wrong here  Thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI have two main issues, both depending on the DPI settingsp  ol liHow can I test different DPI Settings with Coded UI Testsli liHow could I check ALL my forms, dialogs in my project, if all controls are visible i.e. not truncatedli ol  pOur project is written for 96 DPI. In Windows, there are three settings available for DPIp  ul liSmaller  100  96 DPIli liMedium  125  120 DPIli liLarger  150  144 DPIli ul  pAre Coded UI Tests suitable for such complex tasks Or what would you suggest mep  pIf you need further information, I would be glad to answer them. I dont think any code is needed, because it is just a normal winforms application and I am looking for an approach to cover any winform application.p
Negative 3262 pIn My PhoneGap Application The Application is working fine in developer Mode. But I Make Archive it give following Error.p  precodeld file is universal 3 slices but does not contain an armv7s slice UsersSharedPhoneGapFrameworksPhoneGap.frameworkPhoneGap for architecture armv7s collect2 ld returned 1 exit status Command ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperPlatformsiPhoneOS.platformDeveloperusrbinllvmgcc4.2 failed with exit code 1 codepre  pPlease Help me.p
Negative 3262 pIve a little code snippet herep  precodeltphp     logic to connect to database and rest of the settings.      ...................     res  mysqlqueryselect  from account  returns 1200 records     whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayres         some of the logical operations performed here.         ifcondition  condition is not a variable. its result to be evaluated             updateDatabasedata1, data2         else             updateDatabasedata1, 0               gt ltphp     function updateDatabasedata1, data2         some logical operations         updating database.         for testing an echo statement whether successfail      gt codepre  pAs this code retrieves thousands of records and operations to be performed on that and database need to be update in each case. But if Im running this codephpcode file then its stops executing after reaching around 1000 records.p  pIm unable to know the reason why it doing so as Im beginner to codephpcode.br Anybody could help me with this problemp
Negative 3262 pI have an array of different size matrices.I would like to create n arrays each including equal size matrices. So if I havep  precode ArrayA   lt9x10 doublegt  lt7x10 doublegt  lt9x10 doublegt  lt9x10 doublegt  lt7x10 doublegt codepre  pI would like to obtainp  precodeArrayA1  lt9x10 doublegt lt9x10 doublegt lt9x10 doublegt  ArrayA2      lt7x10 doublegt lt7x10 doublegt codepre
Negative 3262 pIm using the a hrefhttpsgithub.complataformatecdeviseDevisea authentication gem in my Rails project, and I want to change the keys its using in flash alerts. Devise uses notice and alert flash keys, but I want to change them to success and error so that I can display nice greenred boxes with a hrefhttptwitter.github.iobootstrapcomponents.htmlalertsBootstrapa.p  pSo I want to be able to somehow override the codesetflashmessagecode method in a hrefhttpsgithub.complataformatecdeviseblob270e2ece19f20fdbb349b8130c31acc5b222fabbappcontrollersdevisecontroller.rbDeviseControllera.p  pHeres the new methodp  precodedef setflashmessagekey, kind, options      if key  alert     key  error   elsif key  notice     key  success   end    message  findmessagekind, options   flash[key]  message if message.present  end codepre  pBut I just dont know where to put it. p  hr  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pBased on an answer I created a configinitializersoverrides.rb file with the following codep  precodeclass DeviseController     def setflashmessagekey, kind, options          if key  alert           key  error        elsif key  notice           key  success        end        message  findmessagekind, options        flash[key]  message if message.present     end end codepre  pBut this causes an error on every Devise action  p  blockquote   pRouting Error undefined method prependbeforefilter for   DeviseSessionsControllerClassp blockquote
Negative 3262 pCan anybody tell what is use of Ext.loader.paths  How to use Ext.loader.paths in extjs .can anybody provide examplep  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pEDITED from original as frankly it was a poor question first time around....p  pWe have a batch script called DEV.DBDeployment.DropCustomCreate.bat, as the name suggests this drops and creates our db from a fresh, a useful tool in Dev but we dont always want to drop the database, sometimes just get the latest changes.p  pIts worth noting currently every CI checkin triggers a build in TeamCity which pumps the current Major.Minor.BuildNumber.Revision e.g. 1.0.123.1568 number in to all AssemblyInfo.cs files within all Visual Studio projects.  This obviously allows us to stamp the resultant dlls with the build number, pretty standard stuff for sure. We also overwrite a BuildInfo.txt file in a similar way, most importantly this BuildInfo.txt file is included within every deployment package and sits within the RoundhousEdeployment folder and is referenced by vfversion.file when we run rh.exe as mentioned above from the .bat file.  So were sorted for deploying to existing databases in Test and Prod.p  pHowever in dev the AssemblyVersion is always 0.0.0.0 in AssemblyInfo.cs, as is the version number in BuildInfo.txt, therefore how do devs stage their changes locally against their database.  For example, with this setup when we run rh.exe all changes will be stamped with the version number 0.0.0.0.  Is the expectation that in dev you will emalwaysem drop and create  If thats the case Im assuming we need TeamCity to checkin the BuildInfo.txt file so RoundhousE can reference it from source control when executed in devp  pIs there something Im missing herep
Negative 3262 pIm trying to load data with x,y pairs.  My PHP backend echoes a string that looks like a nested array, is that what Im supposed to do   For examplep  blockquote   blockquote     pdata1  [0,0],[0,177],[000,2],[00,4],[1,1],[2.4157,4],[4,1],[5,3],[08,1],[12,1],[12.048,1],[13,1],[55.0541,1],[57.0697,1],[59.000,1],[59.01489482,1],[59.0599,1],[61.03929069,2],[67.0541,1],[69.0332,1],[69.07,1],[70,1],[70.94714329,1],[70.94721663,1],[71.01440325,1],[71.01441409,1],[71.0144472,1],[72.00979129,1],[72.94398353,1],[73.0892000,1],[74.00743457,1],[74.00757108,1],[74.00758939,1],[75,2],[78.9590021,1],[78.95906314,1],[79.054,1],[79.9563,1],[79.96,3],[80.05989973,2],[81.0698,1],[083,2],[83.0491,1],[85.029,1],[86.0237,3],[86.096700,1],[87.00826664,1],[87.00831488,1],[88.0393,1],[88.03948568,1],[88.03949825,1],[88.50764976,4],[91.01570162,2],[91.0542,1],[92.051,1],[92.9270,1],[93.0696,1],[94.9241,1],[95.0853,1],[96.9211,1],[96.9595542,1],[96.96,2],[96.96830364,1]p   blockquote blockquote  pHighchart stuff...p  blockquote   blockquote     pseries [                     name Title1, php array                     data [data1] 100s of arrays of point coords                 ,                     name Title2, php array                     data data2                 ]p   blockquote blockquote
Negative 3262 pLet us say that I have an empty Textblock  p  precodetextblock1.Text   codepre  pThen I only put Inlines content in it with these two statementsp  precodetextblock1.Inlines.Addnew Run  Text  A. , Foreground  Brushes.Red  textblock1.Inlines.Addnew Run  Text  responses.Current.Value, Foreground  Brushes.Black codepre  pThe amazing stuff is that I can visualize the content properly in my window, however the Text property of the Textblock keeps being empty This causes a problem because I need to pass the value of this Textblock to an other Textblock.p  pThe other thing I really cant figure out is that when I call my function for second time, the textblock1.Text property is being updated properly  It is updated properly for every call but the first  Ive spent hours on msdn but Im really confused. Moreover, I can read that on the website p  blockquote   pThe Text property returns a value the appended text of all Run elements in the InlineCollection. However, the returned value does not include any formatting that has been applied to the Run elements.p blockquote  pI have very carefully checked my code and debugged to see if there were any other place where I manipulate these property, but I havent found one. If anyone has any idea, to me this thing is becoming senseless...p
Negative 3262 pI have a not so nice question. Ive been thinking about this for like a month now and read a couple of books but can seem to find an answer or how to execute this. As you all know, Im making this application that generates date. I have one combobox it has months in it, starting january to december, two column table, first colum displays the day and the second one displays the weekdays,  on selecting month combobox, it must display the days in that month on first column and weekdays on 2nd column, by row. example I choose january, on the first column it will display the days of that month, 1st row is 1, 2nd row is 2, and so on, and same as weekdays. Im kinda new to LN. Can you give me an idea for it Hope you can help me out.p
Negative 3262 pHow do I call the function coderegisterUsercode inp  precodeif formvalidatetrue  i am trying here registerUser  shall be called if formvalidate is true codepre  pHeres the code Im usingp  precodeltPHP  includefunctions.php   ifissetPOST[Submit1]   gt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt ifformvalidatetruei am trying here registerUserthis will do if formvalidat return true helloworld  ltphp  gt   ltscript typetextjavascriptgt function formvalidate  if document.Form.firstname.value             alert Please insert your name.       document.Form.firstname.focus       return false        if document.Form.lastname.value             alert Please insert your last name.       document.Form.lastname.focus       return false        if document.Form.password.value             alert Please insert your password.       document.Form.password.focus       return false        if document.Form.username.value             alert Please insert your user namedisplay name .       document.Form.username.focus       return false        if   Form.gender[0].checked  false  ampamp  Form.gender[1].checked  false              alert Please select your gender.         document.Form.gender.focus       return false              if document.Form.birthdateyear.value             alert Please insert your birthyear.       document.Form.birthdateyear.focus       return false              if document.Form.birthdateday.value             alert Please insert your birthDAY.       document.Form.birthdateday.focus       return false              if document.Form.birthdatemonth.value             alert Please insert your birthmonth.       document.Form.birthdatemonth.focus       return false         gender POST[birthdateyear]..POST[birthdatemonth]..POST[birthdateday]    if validateEmail          alert Please insert your Email address.       document.Form.email.focus       return false        if document.Form.zip.value   isNaN document.Form.Pin.value            alert Please insert the pin code.       document.Form.zip.focus       return false        if document.Form.countries.value             alert Please select your country       return false        return true    function validateEmail      var emailID  document.Form.email.value    atpos  emailID.indexOf    dotpos  emailID.lastIndexOf.    if atpos lt 1   dotpos  atpos lt 2                      return false        return true   ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI cant use xPath to query my xml file. I dont know where the error is and this is my schemap  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt  ltxsdschema xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema targetNamespacehttpxml.netbeans.orgschemaManufacturers xmlnshttpxml.netbeans.orgschemaManufacturers elementFormDefaultqualifiedgt ltxsdelement nameManufacturerListgt     ltxsdcomplexTypegt         ltxsdsequencegt             ltxsdelement nameManufacturer typemanufacturerType maxOccursunbounded gt         ltxsdsequencegt     ltxsdcomplexTypegt ltxsdelementgt ltxsdcomplexType namemanufacturerTypegt     ltxsdsequencegt         ltxsdelement nameManufacturersID typexsdpositiveIntegergt         ltxsdelement nameManufacturersName typexsdstringgt     ltxsdsequencegt ltxsdcomplexTypegt codepre  pp  pthis is my xml file after use marshall to generate the xml filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 standaloneyesgt ltManufacturerList xmlnshttpxml.netbeans.orgschemaManufacturersgt ltManufacturergt     ltManufacturersIDgt1ltManufacturersIDgt     ltManufacturersNamegtSamSungltManufacturersNamegt ltManufacturergt ltManufacturergt     ltManufacturersIDgt2ltManufacturersIDgt     ltManufacturersNamegtAppleltManufacturersNamegt ltManufacturergt ltManufacturergt     ltManufacturersIDgt3ltManufacturersIDgt     ltManufacturersNamegtNokialtManufacturersNamegt ltManufacturergt codepre  pp  pand this is my xsl filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltxslstylesheet xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransform  xmlnsmanuhttpxml.netbeans.orgschemaManufacturers  excluderesultprefixesmanu version1.0gt ltxsloutput methodhtmlgt ltxsltemplate matchgt     lthtmlgt         ltbodygt             ltxslapplytemplatesgt         ltbodygt     lthtmlgt ltxsltemplategt ltxsltemplate matchgt     ltxslforeach selectmanuManufacturergt         ltligt             lta hrefgt                 ltxslvalueof selectmanuManufacturersNamegt             ltagt         ltligt     ltxslforeachgt ltxsltemplategt ltxslstylesheetgt codepre  pin the jsp file when run the webpage, I cant get the result what I want. xsl file cant read the xml file with the xpath queryp
Negative 3262 pI made a new app with gradle in Android Studio, and now I need to make about 10 versions with different package names and values in resources. I made custom flavors as in example and want to replace some strings in this custom flavors with custom values. I found example like thisp  precodefilterorg.apache.tools.ant.filters.ReplaceTokens, tokens [version 2.2] codepre  pBut i dont know where to put it. As i understand i need to put it into separate task, but how to make this task called by IDEp  pAlso i need to replace few variables inside Java classes and Content Providers auth, maybe i need to do this by copy files into flavor1 folder and let gradle to merge it, but it seems like wrong solution to store many copies of files with difference in one line... Maybe i need to user some other solution for all thisp  pHere is build.gradlep  precodebuildscript      repositories          mavenCentral          dependencies          classpath com.android.tools.buildgradle0.4.2       apply plugin android  dependencies      compile fileTreedir libs, include .jar     compile projectJazzyListView     compile projectABS     compile projectVolley   android      compileSdkVersion 17     buildToolsVersion 17.0.0      defaultConfig          versionCode 5         versionName 3.0         minSdkVersion 8         targetSdkVersion 17           sourceSets          main              manifest.srcFile srcmainAndroidManifest.xml             java.srcDirs  [srcmainjava]             res.srcDirs  [srcmainres]                    productFlavors          flavor1              packageName com.example.flavor1                                  flavor2              packageName com.example.flavor2                  codepre
Negative 3262 pI am using linkedinj. I want to get codeall the old updates of my first level connectionscode. I tried to set the date but it displays only the recent onlyp  precode        Date startDate  new SimpleDateFormatMMddyy.parse051805         Date endDate  new Date          network  client.getUserUpdatesuserId, networkUpdateTypeSet,startDate,endDate codepre  pIt shows very recent only. How do i fetch all the updates of a userp
Negative 3262 pIs this a Chrome bugp  pstrongHeres the HTMLstrongp  precodeltdivgtltimg srctest.pnggtltdivgt codepre  pstrongHeres the CSSstrongp  precode  boxsizing borderbox  div  height 200px padding 75px 0 60px  img  maxheight 100  codepre  pstrongExpected resultstrong The codeimgcode should have a height of 65px.p  pstrongResult in Chromestrong v. 27.0.1453.116 on Mac OS v. 10.6.8 The codeimgcode has height of 135px and bleeds into the parent codedivcodes padding. If I change the codepaddingcode of the codedivcode to code50px 0code, oddly it renders properly.p  pPlay with this in a strongcodepenstrong a hrefhttpcodepen.ioanonpenjhbKzhttpcodepen.ioanonpenjhbKzap  pstrongScreenshotsstrongp  pFirst block has codepaddingcode of code50px 0code. Second block has codepaddingcode of code75px 0 60pxcode.p  pFirefox correct resultp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGFta7.png altFirefoxp  pChrome wrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsigDm.png altChromep
Negative 3262 pHere is my problem. I am supposed to make a python code able to fill a C vector of pointer on object of a class of the c code. I am using BoostPython. Its look as followp  pC codep  precodeclass ABase  class Aderived1  ... class AderivedN   class B  ... setAderivediListvectorltA gt ampAderivedList  codepre  pWhat I need to do in Pythonp  precodeB.setAderivediListAderivedList codepre  pI cannot modified the method in the C code, I can only add other objects inbetween ifdef pythoninterface in order not to impact other developpers work. At first, I tried to write a converter from what I found on the Internet, but I failed to make it works for my code. Then I tried to add a AderivedList in class B and a setter which fill the vector. Though it compile in C, it dosent work in Python.p  pNew B classp  precodeclass B  ... setAderivediListvectorltA gt ampAderivedList ifdef myPythoncode public   vectorltA gt  AderivedListPy   setAListPyA  ampmyAderived       Actually, I tried without the reference as well   thisgtAderivedListPygtpushbackmyAderived  endif  codepre  pIn python it becomesp  precodemyB  mydll.B Ai  mydll.Aderivedi myB.setAListPyAi stopping here myB.setAderivediListmyB.AderivedListPy codepre  pIf I use the reference, it will throw a python argument types did not match C signature error message at myB.setAListPyAi, without the reference, it will stop at the same line without throwing any error message. Any clue of how I could improve this or any other way to do it Thank you in advance.p
Negative 3262 pI have designed my xib to have an an innerview embedded in an outer view. Set the layout to 3.5 inch. I need the outerview to expand in height on a 4 inch screen and the innerview to move down by a corresponding distance. Below are the images for the xib layout and the size inspector for the two viewsp  pQuestion  When the innerView y origin is set to 0, it drops down to the bottom of the screen when running on 4 inch. However if I set the strongy origin of the inner view to 1 or higher everything is finestrong. Why is this happening. I am not using autolayout.p  pstrongxib layoutstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com3KlRW.png altxib layout p  pstrongOuter view size inspectorstrong img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comE5bsd.png altOuterview masksp  pstrongInner view size inspectorstrong img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhBcH3.png altInnerView masksp  pstrongWhen run on 4 inch displaystrong img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comSHsxQ.png altResulting view on 4 inchp
Negative 3262 pI would like to conduct an extensive tests on my new internet connection using speedtest.net  Is there some way that I can completely automate the process.  The speed test is conducted at a fixed interval of time automatically and a spanshot of the screen is then taken and stored on my system. p
Negative 3262 pI want to extract a zip to codeappdatasubfoldercode. When I put a route such as codeCUsersUserAppDataRoamingsubfoldercode, it extracts ok I want to do this for each codeappdatacode of the client systems.p  pIm using SharpZipLib to extract.p
Negative 3262 pCouldnt find this specific instance anywhere I might be missing something simple, but here it goes. p  pSay I have an array p  precode[Field1, Field2] codepre  pI need to convert this into an array of hashes, as such the FieldType keyvalue is a default value p  precode[NamegtField1, FieldTypegtText,   NamegtField2, FieldTypegtText] codepre  pHow would I go about doing this The below clearly doesnt work p  precodefields.each do field   fieldResults ltlt Name gt field, FieldType gt Text end codepre
Negative 3262 pHow do C static and dynamic memory leak detection tools work Does passing a memory leak detection test by these tools mean that there is NO chance of memory leaks in a programp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to pass a lengthy string through my POST methond from the actual body, it works perfectly fine if I pass it through url but I dont know what to change so I can insert data from body instead.p  precodepublic void PostMethodstring id, [FromBody]string data              if ModelState.IsValid                      var result  client.StoreStoreMode.Add, id, data                  else                         codepre  pif I use it like thisp  precodehttplocalhost8888apidataid2ampdataMybigString codepre  pIt works perfectly, but I dont want to pass data from URL, any suggestion would be highly appreciated.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJcfuN.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pHow can I add a nonentity field to a Symfony 1.4 form  For example a checkbox in a movie adding form.p
Negative 3262 pIn order to decide if it makes sense to support a custom version of swap in the post C11x age I wanted to know which stdfunctions call swap and  will they still benefit from a user implemented version even in the presence of a moveconstructor and moveassignmentp
Negative 3262 pThe real question is if Google App Engine guarantees it would complete a HTTP request even if the connection is no longer existed such as terminated, lost Internet connection.p  pSays we have a python script running on Google App Enginep  precode  db.putstatus  Outputting    print veryveryverylongstringlike1GB    db.putstatus  done codepre  pIf the client decides to close the connection in the middle too much data coming..., will codestatus  donecode be executed Or will the instance be killed and all following code be ignoredp
Negative 3262 pIve mostly only dealt in Python programming as of late and their is a very useful builtin Function called inp  pin allows you to access all of the elements in a variable.p  pFor instancep  precodedef main y  [Yes, yes, YES,] n  [No, no, NO] print yes or non response  rawinput if response in y     print Wonderful, your response was , response, n     exit0 if response in n     print Alas, your response was , response, n     exit0 else     print Message not read please attempt again.n     main  main codepre  pAs you can see it uses the in function to check through the strings in the dictionary.p  pI was wondering if there was an equivalent to this function in the standard C Libraryp
Negative 3262 pI am currently creating a some DAO in Java. But the application is not very large, so I am not consider to use hibernate or JPA. What lightweight framework can I use Thank Dp
Negative 3262 pI need to get javascript values on code behind in c.I know i can use hidden field but there is no server control on page for postback.Please tell me how can get vales in code behind.p  pHere is my codep  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt lttitlegtFacebook Get Logged in User Details UserName,Email,Profile Imagelttitlegt     ltscript srcjquery1.6.2.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquerylatest.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltscriptgt      Load the SDK Asynchronously        function d          var js, id  facebookjssdk, ref  d.getElementsByTagNamescript[0]         if d.getElementByIdid  return          js  d.createElementscript js.id  id js.async  true         js.src  connect.facebook.netenUSall.js         ref.parentNode.insertBeforejs, ref      document       Init the SDK upon load     window.fbAsyncInit  function           FB.init             appId APPID,  App ID             channelUrl   window.location.hostname  channel,  Path to your Channel File             status true,  check login status             cookie true,  enable cookies to allow the server to access the session             xfbml true   parse XFBML                    listen for and handle auth.statusChange events         FB.Event.subscribeauth.statusChange, function response              if response.authResponse                   user has authd your app and is logged into Facebook                 var uid  httpgraph.facebook.com  response.authResponse.userID  picture                 FB.apime, function me                      document.getElementByIdauthdisplayname.innerHTML  me.name                     document.getElementByIdmyJSString.value  me.name                      alertdocument.getElementByIdmyJSString.value                      document.getElementByIdEmail.innerHTML  me.email                     document.getElementByIdprofileImg.src  uid                        document.getElementByIdctl00CPHDefaulttcTPSTPProdctl01tcProductionTPNewTitlesStatusChangedRowsIndicesHiddenField.value  uid                     alertyyy                                   document.getElementByIdauthloggedout.style.display  none                 document.getElementByIdauthloggedin.style.display  block              else                   user has not authd your app, or is not logged into Facebook                 document.getElementByIdauthloggedout.style.display  block                 document.getElementByIdauthloggedin.style.display  none                               authlogoutlink.clickfunction   FB.logoutfunction   window.location.reload             ltscriptgt lth1gt Facebook Login Authentication Examplelth1gt ltdiv idauthstatusgt ltdiv idauthloggedoutgt ltdiv idResult  classfbloginbutton autologoutlinktrue scopeemail,usercheckinsgtLoginltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv idauthloggedin styledisplay nonegt Name ltbgtltspan idauthdisplaynamegtltspangtltbgtlta href idauthlogoutlinkgtlogoutltagtltbr gt Email ltbgtltspan idEmailgtltspangtltbgtltbr gt Profile Image ltimg idprofileImg gt  ltform runatservergt ltaspHiddenField runatserver idmyJSString gt  ltformgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pYou can see there is no server control so how i can get NAME,UID variables in code behind.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pIm looking to implement movement from character to character on a tiled board. I have a 7x7 board set up with each tile representing a character. The player is able to move in up to the 8 directions around the tile providing proper game logic. I am able to accurately get the character at a given tile based on a codeonTouch ActionDowncode. p  pFor a more elegant solution though I am looking to press and drag to move between tilescreate words. Im not exactly sure where I should start with this.p  pI can figure out all the logic for appropriate moves etc. But my question is how to recognize a left movement from 1 position to another as selecting tilesp  pMy current idea is to have hard boarders but that will not work for diagonal. Then my next idea is to have diagonal boarders instead so like p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com9Fzyq.png altthisp  pThis solution seems a little complex though. Is there any easier way to accomplish thisp
Negative 3262 pIm working on a Xamarin.Android project that involves dynamically creating view hierarchies that represent controls. One such control uses the AndroidGameView class, which inherits from SurfaceView and allows drawing with OpenGL ES. Im trying to figure how to give the view rounded corners. Ive tinkered with overriding the OnDraw method or applying a drawable background to clip, but havent had any success. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16361939howtosetthesurfaceviewcamerabackgroundwithcorner1636203816362038This questiona seems similar to my goal, but I could not figure out how to do this dynamically instead of using axml. Is it possible to dynamically give a SurfaceView rounded cornersp
Negative 3262 pDoes anyone know how to reset the database everytime my application executes in real device p  pI currently have this code but it does not work... p  precodepublic void doDBCheck              try                 File file  new Filecontext.getExternalFilesDirnull.getAbsolutePath                 file.delete         catchException ex                                codepre  pAny solutions p
Negative 3262 pRecently, i heard alot of JavaScript being used severside. Node.js, express.js and similiar stuff are mentioned more and more, but i never had the muse or time to dig deeper into the topic.p  pNow, as the information flood would not decrease, i can not longer ignore those circumstances.p  pI wonder about two thingsp  ul liCan i replace my complete, simple PHP backend, which is primary used only for database access, with serverside Javascriptli ul  pand if yesp  ul liare there any benefits of doing soli ul  pand if notp  pWhy is there such a hypep  pThe topic seems to be quite complex and not too easy to learn, but as time goes by, i more and more get the feeling that this maybe will be the future of backend coding.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to create an application that does what Microsoft Office Words Equation editor does. Is there any resource or documentation available for this little tool I have actually no idea where to start from, and this is what I need a start point Can anybody help mep  pP.S. I have found this a hrefhttpwww.dessci.comenproductsmathtype relnofollowMathTypea. But it is not an opensource application so I dont have anything to learn from it.p
Negative 3262 pI am  Using the following code for creating the Comma Delimited List. I wanted the sequence of the list in perticular orderp  precodeUSE AdventureWorks GO DECLARE listStr VARCHARMAX SELECT listStr  COALESCElistStr, ,  Name FROM Production.Product SELECT listStr GO codepre  pWhen I tried likep  precodeUSE AdventureWorks GO DECLARE listStr VARCHARMAX SELECT listStr  COALESCElistStr, ,  Name FROM Production.Product ORDER BY sortOrder SELECT listStr GO codepre  pIt shows error codeincorrect syntax near  ORDERcodep
Negative 3262 pI have a master detail view, with both the master and detail fragments with their own action bar menu items the master has some and the detail has some, but the details action bar item dont call codeonOptionsItemSelectedcode when clicked. This problem is on tablet.p  pOn the other hand if the same code is run on a phone emulator the action bar items of the detail view work with no problem.p  pemmenu.xmlemp  precodeltitem     androidididsavemenu     androidicondrawableiccheckmarkhololight     androidshowAsActionalwayswithText     androidtitleSavegt ltitemgt ltitem     androidididcancelmenu     androidicondrawableicmenucloseclearcancel     androidshowAsActionalwayswithText     androidtitleCancelgt ltitemgt codepre  pinflater is working fine and both the fragments in master detail view have the codesetHasOptionsMenutruecode in their codeonCreatecode method.p  pEDITp  pcodeonCreateOptionsMenucode in the fragment activityp  precode   Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu      return super.onCreateOptionsMenumenu  codepre  pcodeonCreateOptionsMenucode in the master fragmentp  precodeOverride     public void onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu, MenuInflater inflater      super.onCreateOptionsMenumenu, inflater     inflater.inflateR.menu.itemlistactivitymenu, menu  codepre  pcodeonCreateOptionsMenucode in the detail fragmentp  precode Override     public void onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu, MenuInflater inflater      inflater.inflateR.menu.addfragmentmenu, menu     super.onCreateOptionsMenumenu, inflater     System.out.printlnonCreateOptionsMenu called  codepre
Negative 3262 pmaybe this question asked million times. but i still got error after million tries. p  pI use this for setting prefp  precodePreferenceFragment fragment try          getClass.getMethodgetFragmentManager         AddResourceApi11AndGreater      catch NoSuchMethodException e  Api lt 11         AddResourceApiLessThan11        SuppressWarningsdeprecation protected void AddResourceApiLessThan11      addPreferencesFromResourceprefs   TargetApi11 protected void AddResourceApi11AndGreater      PreferenceFragment fr  new PF     fragment  fr     getFragmentManager.beginTransaction.replaceandroid.R.id.content, fr.commit    TargetApi11 public static class PF extends PreferenceFragment             Override     public void onCreatefinal Bundle savedInstanceState              super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         addPreferencesFromResourceAyarlarScreen.prefs        codepre  pand I still get null from findPreference and fragment.findPreferencep  pI m 4.0.4 android. so it uses Api11andGreter. so i save fragment ref, then use it to get pref. I can get preference if I use api11andlower manuallyp
Negative 3262 pi have a c program and want to give a parameter to the stored procedure. The string in my c program is like Food,Clothes,Blood.p  precodeALTER PROCEDURE [dbo].[GetLocations]     longMax float 100,     longMin float0,     latMax float100,     latMin float0,     categoryFilter char200   AS BEGIN     SET NOCOUNT ON      SELECT      FROM dbo.Locations     WHERE longitude BETWEEN longMin AND longMax       AND latitude BETWEEN latMin AND latMax       AND subCategory in categoryFilter  END codepre  pThe result should give me 3 entries but the result is empty. Ive tried to escape the parameters with two more  but nothing changed in the result.p  pit works with int values on an other column but not with chars.p  pif anyone could help, that would be great p
Negative 3262 pIve been doing some research on this and I got nothing. I have a server and client.p  pMy client does request to the server and the server runs some callbacks. This works fine. But now, there are some functions from the clients I need to call from the server and are not a result of a client call so I cant use callbacks there. Im using WCF and .net 4.0p  pAny suggestionsp  pCLIENTp  precodeusing System using System.ServiceModel using System.ServiceModel.Channels using System.Runtime.Serialization using System.IO using System.Collections  namespace WCFClient      [ServiceContractSessionMode  SessionMode.Required,       CallbackContract  typeofICallbacks]     public interface IMessageHandler              [OperationContract]         void HandleMessage           public interface ICallbacks              [OperationContractIsOneWay  true]         void QueuePathsCallbackstring cPath, string EPath, string RPath, string IPath, string OPath           public class Callbacks  ICallbacks              public void QueuePathsCallbackstring cPath                      Console.WriteLineQueuePathsCallback   cPath                    class Program              static void Mainstring[] args                      Callbacks myCallbacks  new Callbacks              DuplexChannelFactoryltIMessageHandlergt pipeFactory                 new DuplexChannelFactoryltIMessageHandlergt                   myCallbacks,                   new NetNamedPipeBinding,                   new EndpointAddress                      net.pipelocalhostPipeReverse              IMessageHandler pipeProxy                pipeFactory.CreateChannel              while true                              string str  Console.ReadLine                 pipeProxy.HandleMessagesend the type for example                                public void IWANTTOCALLTHISFROMSERVER                 codepre  pSERVERp  precodenamespace WCFServer       [ServiceContractSessionMode  SessionMode.Required,        CallbackContract  typeofICallbacks]     public interface IMessageHandler              [OperationContract]         void HandleMessage           public interface ICallbacks              [OperationContractIsOneWay  true]         void QueuePathsCallbackstring cPath          public class StringReverser  IMessageHandler              public void HandleMessagehandle the type and do the request                      ICallbacks callbacks  OperationContext.Current.GetCallbackChannelltICallbacksgt             callbacks.QueuePathsCallbackpath1                    class Program              static void Mainstring[] args                      using ServiceHost host  new ServiceHost               typeofStringReverser,               new Uri[]           new Urinet.pipelocalhost                                        host.AddServiceEndpointtypeofIMessageHandler,                   new NetNamedPipeBinding,                   PipeReverse                 host.                 host.Open                  Console.WriteLineService is available.                     Press ltENTERgt to exit.                 Console.ReadLine                 BLA BLA BLA                  CALL IWANTTOCALLTHISFROMSERVER                 host.Close                             codepre
Negative 3262 pI am using a custom built version of data tables to list records from tables. Most of the time it is wonderful but occasionally I need to join two or more tables to show specific data from lookup tables. Here is a new problem. I have 3 tables... eventcategories, themes, and themeseventcategories. eventcategories and themes are normal tables and themeseventcategories has the fields id, themeid, and eventcategoryid. p  pWhat I need to do is get a list of event categories and if there are any themes associated with the event category, I need the themes in a comma separated string. Is this possiblep
Negative 3262 pIn this program I need to disable Html Button when checkbox is not selected. Button should be enable only if checkbox is selected. Im using Jquery version 1.8.3. However in this program swapping between enable and disable not working as I expected.   p  p HTMLp  precode    ltbodygt Some agreement here ltpgt     ltinput typecheckbox idagree gt ltpgt ltinput typebutton valueContinue disableddisabled idcontinuegt  ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsjquery1.8.3.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsclass.jsgtltscriptgt   ltbodygt codepre  pJQueryp  precodedocument.readyfunction     agree.changefunction         state  this.attrvalue         ifstate  on             continue.removeAttrdisabled         else ifstate               continue.attrdisabled,disabled                 codepre
Negative 3262 pI need to implement Venmo payment systems in our clients iPhone application. Our client is in the USA, but Im an offsite developer based outside of the USA.p  pIs there any way to work with the Venmo APIs from outside of the USA for testing purposesp
Negative 3262 pFirst i want to create a text file in local system and also add contents to the file.After that i want to open that file.p  pCant create file using the code.Also wants code to open a file from local system.Can any one help me or provide with details that is it possiblep  precodeltbodygt  ltinput typebutton valuecreate onclickcreateFilegt       ltscript typetextjavascript  languagejavascriptgt        function createFile                                            try                             var fso,file                             fsonew ActiveXObjectScripting.FileSystemObject                             filefso.CreateTextFileDppp.txt                             file.WriteLineAAAAA                             file.close                                                     catcherr                                alerterr.message                                                                                            ltscriptgt  ltbodygt codepre  pWhile running in IE got the errorstrongAutomation server cant create objectstrong running in Chrome got the errorstrongActiveXObject is not definedstrongp
Negative 3262 pIm working on a project to create a machine with an user interface on strongWindows CE 5.0strong embedded system. Im not really good about windows form and c. Thats why im asking your help.p  pI am using user control instead of form because they were doing weird transition strongon Closing and on Showingstrong. So I decided to use multiple user control as fullscreen tab in one main form. The problem is I must use a user control with modal behavior in some situation. I saw bunch of code for strongCstrong   but it was strongC WPF or ASP.NETstrong i dont know if its the same thing. So is there any way in C to create user control acting like a modal dialog. I alerady add the showdialog function i just dont know how to block parent function when it is called.p  precodepublic abstract partial class cDialog  UserControl, TransparencyBackground  Alpha               cDialog mFather          protected Bitmap mBackgroundImage          public cDialog                       mBackgroundImage new BitmapProperties.Resources.logo              InitializeComponent              btnexit.Text  Fs.mMemory.GetVocabularyeVocabulary.X                     private void cDialogPaintobject sender, PaintEventArgs e                       e.Graphics.DrawImagemBackgroundImage, 0, 0                    protected virtual void CloseDialogobject sender, EventArgs e                      if mFather null                               mFather.Show                  mFather.TopLevelControl.Controls.Removethis                                 public virtual void ShowDialogcDialog father                       mFather  father              if mFather null                              mFather.TopLevelControl.Controls.Addthis                  this.BringToFront                  base.Show                  mParent.Hide                                 protected override void OnPaintBackgroundPaintEventArgs e                      Do nothing Double buffering See Alpha.cs          codepre  pSorry for my english Thanks in advance,  Alex.p
Negative 3262 pI want to use pure html page instead of cshtml with MVC .net. But when I add view by right clicking Index i can see only two options.p  precode public class HomeController  Controller            GET Home      public ActionResult Index              return View      codepre  ol liCshtml Razorli liAspxli ol  pI followed  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5110970caniservehtmlfilesusingrazorasiftheywerecshtmlfileswithoutchangiCan I serve .html files using Razor as if they were .cshtml files without changing the extension of all my pagesap  pforum but still no help. I still dont see an option to add html instead of cshtmlp  pI also tried adding html page directly to view folder but i dont know how to point that view from my controller function. p  pReplacing Index.cshtml with Index.html gave me this errorp  precodeThe view Index or its master was not found or no view engine supports the searched locations. The following locations were searched  ViewsHomeIndex.aspx ViewsHomeIndex.ascx ViewsSharedIndex.aspx ViewsSharedIndex.ascx ViewsHomeIndex.cshtml ViewsHomeIndex.vbhtml ViewsSharedIndex.cshtml ViewsSharedIndex.vbhtml codepre
Negative 3262 pMy website has a simple form that allows for entry of order details. I would like to display a Calculate Price button initially. Only once price has been calculated, display a Place Order button.p  pI have the following on my viewp  precodeusing Html.BeginFormPlaceOrder, Order      ltdiv idOrderEntry classlistWithoutBulletsgt         ltulgt             ltligtName Html.TextBoxForm gt Model.Nameltligt             ltligtAddress Line 1 Html.TextBoxForm gt Model.Address1ltligt             ltligtAddress Line 2 Html.TextBoxForm gt Model.Address2ltligt             ltligtPostcode Html.TextBoxForm gt Model.Postcodeltligt              ltligtNumber of Single Photos Html.TextBoxForm gt Model.SinglePhotosltligt             ltligtNumber of Show Boxes Filled with Photos Html.TextBoxForm gt Model.ShoeBoxesltligt              ltligtRequire Digital Images on DVD Html.CheckBoxForm gt Model.DVDltligt             ltligtRequire Digital Images on USB Memory Stick Html.CheckBoxForm gt Model.USBMemoryltligt              ltligtDiscount Code Html.TextBoxForm gt Model.DiscountCodeltligt                             ltulgt         ltdivgt      ltdiv idOrderPricinggt         ltulgt                 ltligtTotal Exc VAT Html.DisplayForm gt Model.TotalExcVat,null,lblTotalExcVatltligt             ltligtTotal Inc VAT Html.DisplayForm gt Model.TotalIncVat,null,lblTotalIncVatltligt                     ltulgt     ltdivgt      Html.HiddenForm gt Model.CalculatePrice      if Model  null              ltinput typesubmit valueCalculate Price onclicksetCalculatePriceOn gt          else              if Model.TotalExcVat gt 0                      ltinput typesubmit valuePlace Order onclicksetCalculatePriceOff gt             ltinput typesubmit valueCalculate Price onclicksetCalculatePriceOn gt                  else                      ltinput typesubmit valueCalculate Price onclicksetCalculatePriceOn gt                        codepre  pIn order to set the hidden boolean model field CalcualtePrice I added the following java script I know nothing about java scriptp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt  function setCalculatePriceOn      jQueryCalculatePrice.valtrue   function setCalculatePriceOff      jQueryCalculatePrice.valfalse  codepre  pp  pThe javascript, I simply added at the foot of my cshtml file.p  pWithin the controller I check if the model boolean field for CalculatePrice has been set to decide whether the user is trying to calculate the price or place the order.p  pMy problem is that the java script doesnt seem to get run. Do I need to bind it to the click event or something The whole cshtml page now looks over complicated and messy since I tried to solve the problem of submitting the calculate vs the place order. I initially tried to solve this by checking the http verb in the controller GET for calculate price and PUT for place order but I couldnt seem to overide the verb used by the Html.BeginForm dependent on which button was clicked.p  pHopefully someone will have a neat solution to what I guess must be a reasonably common use case, calculate price  place orderp
Negative 3262 pIm currently working on an iOS app in Xcode.p  pI have a few View Controllers that are part of a tab bar controller. I also have another view controller, that I access with a push from a button on one of the tabs modal segue. I also have a back button on this extra view which is also a segue that leads back to the view controller where we came from.p  pHowever, when I press this back button, and come back on the view controller that was part of the tab controller, the tab bar at the bottom is no longer displayed.  Why is this happening and how can I solve thisp
Negative 3262 pHow do I get a list of all the arguments passed to a Jinja2 templatep  pIf I have an extremely generic template and I want to list all the arguments passed for debug reasons is there a way to do itp  pSomething likep  precodemytemplate.html   for argument in LISTOFARGUMENT       argument ltbrgt  endfor  codepre  pso in the view codefoobarcodep  pif I call the template in this wayp  precodereturn rendertemplatemytemplate.html, formmyform, foobar codepre  pI get p  precodethecontentofform ltbrgt bar ltbrgt codepre  pwhile if I call the template in this wayp  precodereturn rendertemplatemytemplate.html, loremipsum, fooooobarrrrr codepre  pI get p  precodethecontentoflorem ltbrgt barrrrr ltbrgt codepre
Negative 3262 pThis is related to my previous question here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions18061993openadialogfragmentfromwithinacustomview18062221noredirect118062221Open a DialogFragment from within a CustomViewap  pI now need to use a callback to return a value from my DialogFragment. I understand that something like this is commonly donep  precodepublic class MyDialogFragment extends DialogFragment   public interface onMultipleSelectionFragmentCloseListener      public void onMultipleSelectionFragmentOkay   onMultipleSelectionFragmentCloseListener mListener  Override public void onAttachActivity activity      super.onAttachactivity     try          mListener  onMultipleSelectionFragmentCloseListener activity      catch ClassCastException e          throw new ClassCastExceptionactivity.toString   must implement onMultipleSelectionFragmentCloseListener       ....  to use it mListener.onMultipleSelectionFragmentOkay codepre  pThats the case when you want a Activity to implement and receive the callback. But, what if I want a custom view to do that such as in my previous questionp
Negative 3262 pTrying the Anagram checker by inputting paragraph and output is clear, but the memory limits exceeds the specifiedp  pThis the code which i triedp  precodeusing System  class Program      static void Mainstring[] args               string[] arr  PunctConsole.ReadLine.ToLower.Split          string a  string.Empty         System.Collections.Generic.Dictionaryltstring, stringgt dn  new System.Collections.Generic.Dictionaryltstring, stringgt  2         foreach string s in arr                      string st  sorts             if dn.ContainsKeyst                              if dn[st]  s                                      if a.Containsdn[st]                         a  a.Replacedn[st], dn[st]     s  1                     else                         a  a  dn[st]     s  n                     dn[st]  s                                           else                 dn.Addst, s                  Console.Writea           public static string sortstring s              char[] chars  s.ToCharArray         Array.Sortchars         return new stringchars           public static string Punctstring s              System.Text.StringBuilder sb  new System.Text.StringBuilder         foreach char c in s                      if char.IsPunctuationc                 sb.Appendc                  return sb.ToString       codepre  pOn checking with profiler, String function takes a lot of memory and other dictionary too, so, my question is how can i optimize the  above code to a least memory, or any codes or declaration which i am using are unnecessary p  pInputp  blockquote   pParts of the world have sunlight for close to 24 hours during summer.   Dan had a strap on his head to identify himself as the leader and He   wondered what kind of traps lay ahead of him.p blockquote  pOutputp  blockquote   pparts strap trapsbr    dan andp blockquote
Negative 3262 pI have to run  an executable file using ruby.How it is possible Am using following code.also how can i check that file is executed or not p  precodef  IO.popenlocalbintest codepre
Negative 3262 pIm using Bitnami MAMP Stack on OSX and would like to clear the tmp directory whenever I start the Apache Web Server.p  pSo basically I need to know where to add the following command, or a script containing the command coderm rf LibraryContainerscom.bitnami.mampstackDataappphptmpcode.p  pTakk,br Robert.p
Negative 3262 pLets say I have a resource with several fields, and some of them are readonly. Or maybe they belong in different use cases that I would like to handle differently on the server.p  pFor instance, my codebingcode resource looks like thisp  precodeid 1,  foo A,   bar B,   createdAt 20130505 codepre  pI would like to get Restangular to PUT only some fields, executing requests likep  precodePUT bing1 foo A PUT bing1 bar B PUT bing1 foo A, bar B codepre  pWhat I do strongnotstrong want to do isp  precodePUT bing1 id 1, foo A, bar B, createdAt 20130505 codepre  pHow can I achieve itp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to create a little Guess The Flag game using Pygame and Python, but theres a problem with some for looping and and functions Ive created. Im relatively new to Python, and sometimes, I get very confused.p  pAnyway, Im in  a testing part of my game and Ive got four countries China, Canada, USA, and France. Ive put made them into separate defined functions, put them in a list and used the random module to shuffle the list. Ive put it in a for loop, and I am trying to get it to work desiredly.p  pIt properly shuffles the list and picks the function, but there are repeats of the same function and it never ends.p  pHere is my codep  precodedef pickcountry     global list1     mainfont  brain flower euro.ttf     font1  pygame.font.Fontmainfont, 50     font2  pygame.font.Fontmainfont, 40     list1  [france1, canada1, china1, usa1]     random.shufflelist1     for curcountry in list1         curcountry     pygame.display.update  def france1     screen.fill255, 255, 255     country  FRANCE     flag  franceflag.jpeg     flag1  pygame.image.loadflag.convert     while True         for event in pygame.event.get             if event.type  QUIT                 pygame.quit                 sys.exit             if event.type  KEYDOWN                 pickcountry         screen.blitflag1, 300, 350         pygame.display.update def canada1     name       mainfont  brain flower euro.ttf     font1  pygame.font.Fontmainfont, 50     country  CANADA     flag  canadaflag.jpeg     black  0, 0, 0     flag1  pygame.image.loadflag.convert     while True         for evt in pygame.event.get             if evt.type  KEYDOWN                 if evt.unicode.isalpha                     name  evt.unicode                 elif evt.key  KSPACE                     name                    elif evt.key  KBACKSPACE                     name  name[1]             elif evt.type  QUIT                 pygame.quit                 sys.exit         screen.fill255, 255, 255         screen.blitflag1, 200, 25         pygame.draw.linescreen, black, 200, 115, 0, 115, 6         pygame.draw.linescreen, black, 600, 115, 800, 115, 6         block  font1.rendername, True, black         rect  block.getrectcenter  400, 600         screen.blitblock, rect         pygame.draw.rectscreen, black, 275, 550, 250, 100, 2         if name  canada             pickcountry         pygame.display.update def usa1     screen.fill255, 255, 255     country   USA     flag  usaflag.jpeg     flag1  pygame.image.loadflag.convert     while True         for event in pygame.event.get             if event.type  QUIT                 pygame.quit                 sys.exit             if event.type  KEYDOWN                 pickcountry         screen.blitflag1, 225, 300         pygame.display.update def china1     screen.fill255, 255, 255     country  CHINA     flag  chinaflag.jpeg     flag1  pygame.image.loadflag.convert     while True         for event in pygame.event.get             if event.type  QUIT                 pygame.quit                 sys.exit             if event.type  KEYDOWN                 pickcountry         screen.blitflag1, 300, 350         pygame.display.update   pickcountry codepre  pDont ask about Canada its my main country testing area.p  pBefore you start with what have you tried, I have tried the followingp  p1 Taking the list and shuffle part of the script and putting it outside the function, at the top of the screen. 1s Error It doesnt know what the functions in the list are yet.p  p2 Taking the list and shuffle part of the script and putting it outside the function, after the country functions, yet before the actual codepickcountrycode. 2s Error It chooses the country at first, but it obviously never goes another one.p  pAny help Pleasep
Negative 3262 pI have a form keywords with 3 text boxes, how to write the select formula to select only one value from the form , kindly help me out how to write a formula while creating a view and to get values from a form.. Thanks in Advancep
Negative 3262 pIm developing a Joomla 3 template using the T3 Framework and Ive included an codeIceCarouselcode module which uses the codeFlexslidercode plugin. However, the codeIceCarouselcode module isnt working because there is a javascript error that says p  precode....flexslider is not a function Line 477 codepre  pIve taken a look at the page source and the flexslider source files are definitely there. There is also a codemediajuijquerynoconflict.jscode file which comes standard with Joomla 3. I am not sure if this is what is causing the problem. Is this an issue of the order of the stacking of the javascript filesp  pa hrefhttpwww.veterantrainingsymposium.com2014homepage relnofollowhttpwww.veterantrainingsymposium.com2014homepageap
Negative 3262 pIm not getting anywhere with this... trying to make 2 separate pull requests. Maybe someone can point me to what is wrong. Here is what Im doingp  pFork repo FOO and clone to my machine  p  precode git clone httpsgithub.commyselfFOO.git codepre  pSet upstream to track FOO  p  precode git remote add upstream httpsgithub.commakerofFOOFOO.git codepre  pCreate new branch and checkoutp  precode git branch FOOfix1  git checkout FOOFix1 codepre  pEdit files and commit and pushp  precode git commit  git push codepre  pPush new branch to my fork of FOOp  precode git push u origin FOOfix1 codepre  pSo far no problem. On Github I can click codeCompare and PRcode, which then creates the pull request on the codemastercode branch of codeFOOcode. My problem starts when I try to make the strongsecond PRstrong, which should be an individual PR and strongnot go on top of the first PRstrongp  pCreate a new branchp  precode git branch FOOfix2  git checkout FOOfix2  git commit  git push  git push u origin FOOfix2 codepre  pThis creates the new branch on my remote repo but now when I click codeCompare and PRcode on Github it compares my new branch codeFOOfix2code with codeMastercode but the PR will just be appended to my first PR.p  pstrongQuestionstrongbr Is it not possible to make separate PRs on the same codeMastercode branch of codeFoocode Because Im fixing two different things in different branches. If everything is stacked back on master why should I bother with creating individual branches on my local version anywayp  pThanks for some clarification.p
Negative 3262 pI have one table with approx 20M records, and I am going to simple compute on some of the fields of that table. But it is taking to much time to fetch data. I am considering all records thats why no index comes in a picture.  Let me explain p  precodeTable  UserLoginDet           LoginID    INT UserID     INT Date       DATETIME SpentTime  INT codepre  pNow I want total for my dashboard like this.p  precodeSELECT COUNT1 NoOfLogins, DISTINCTUserID NoOfUsers, SUMSpentTime UsedTime codepre  pThis query taking 56 seconds to execute. Is it ok or not. I think it is very slow for just 20M records. What should I have to dop  pEDITED   My explain report p  precodeid Selecttype  table        type  possiblekey  key      keylen  ref   rows    Extra                           1  PRIMARY  UserLoginDet     range PRIMARY      PRIMARY  3              797143  Using where codepre  pThanks p
Negative 3262 pI have a single webpage and i would like to track how many times its visited without using a database.p  pI thought about XML, updating a file every time a user visits the pagep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltcountergt8ltcountergt codepre  pThen i thought it could have been a better idea to declare a PHP counter in a separate file and then update it everytime a user visits the page.p  pcounter.phpp  precodeltphp     counter  0 gt codepre  pupdatecounter.phpp  precodeltphp     include counter.php     counter  1     var  ltphpntcounter  counterngt     fileputcontentscounter.php, var gt codepre  pWith this, everytime codeupdatecounter.phpcode is visited, the variable in the codecounter.phpcode file is incremented.p  pAnyway, i noticed that if the codecounter.phpcode file has codecounter  5code and the codeupdatecounter.phpcode file is visited by i.e. 1000 users at the exact same time, the file gets read 1000 times at the same time so the the value code5code gets read in all requests the codecounter.phpcode file will be updated with value code51 6code instead of code1005code.p  pIs there a way to make it work without using databasep
Negative 3262 pSay Im using an a hrefhttpquickgraph.codeplex.com relnofollowexternal package for storing graphsa. A BidirectionalGraph takes two templates a vertex and an edge typep  precodevar graph  new BidirectionalGraphltVertex, EdgeltVertexgtgt codepre  pUnfortunately, this graph package doesnt allow you to get the edges radiating into a vertex in a single line. Instead, you have to provide an codeIEnumerablecode, which it will populate with the results. This can disrupt a good coding rhythm by making tasks like loop through all vertices that are successors of vertex codexcode take far too much code.p  pI wanted to use .NETs extensions to add a oneline solution to the graph classp  precodepublic static class GraphExtensions      public static IEnumerableltTEdgegt IncomingEdgesltTGraphSubtype, TVertex, TEdgegtthis TGraphSubtype graph, TVertex n         where TGraphSubtype  BidirectionalGraphltTVertex, TEdgegt         where TEdge  IEdgeltTVertexgt              IEnumerableltTEdgegt inputEdgesForVertex         graph.TryGetInEdgesn, out inputEdgesForVertex         return inputEdgesForVertex       codepre  pBut when I call codegraph.IncomingEdgesvertexcode, for some reason C .NET version 4.5 cant infer the template arguments, so I have to sayp  pcodegraph.IncomingEdgesltGraphThatInheritsFromBidirectionalGraphltVertexType,EdgeTypegt,VertexType,EdgeTypegtvertexcode. Not really a great improvement.p  pstrongFirststrong, why cant the template types be estimated I have a feeling it has to do with inheritance, but dont understand. Im used to using C, and for some reason feel that gcc could infer the template types.p  pstrongSecondstrong, if this cant be prevented, is the correct design choice to make a graph class for actual use, which inherits from BidirectionalGraph It seems a waste to have to rewrite the constructors, but Im sure youd agree that calling the method with explicit template types is inelegant.brbrp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pStrangely, the equivalent specification below emdoesem allow automatic inference of template types. So, even though it solves my initial problem adding this functionality to the graph, Id still really like to understand.p  precodepublic static class GraphExtensions          public static IEnumerableltTEdgegt IncomingEdgesltTVertex, TEdgegtthis BidirectionalGraphltTVertex,TEdgegt graph, TVertex n             where TEdge  IEdgeltTVertexgt                      IEnumerableltTEdgegt inputEdgesForVertex             graph.TryGetInEdgesn, out inputEdgesForVertex             return inputEdgesForVertex           codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a report in ssrs 2008, its data source is based on ssas. I created a pie chart which shows total cost per shape. Dataset of the pie consists of only 4 fields. Say i have 2 shapes, each of them has total cost. But in addition to that i also get a third slice in the pie which shows total of the other two. How do i get rid of it p
Negative 3262 pI have a program that has a tree of directories that open into subtrees of files within those directories. There are two columns in my view        the tree itself       and a text column next to it that says whether the file was selected  The user can pick multiple files at once. After the user is done selecting, when they hit the ok button, the text should change to selected next to the appropriate files.   The problem is, I cant figure out a way to tell it which indices to change the text of. I tried codeselectionModelgtselectedIndexes and selectedRowscode but neither of these have a way to get the original index far as I can tell. How could I get the original from the overall treep
Negative 3262 pI loaded an image using qt creator C p  pcodeinputImgnew QImageCBimapHUD1.bmpcodep  pand can see on the window. I want to delete this image after 5 Sec and load another image. p  pIs it possible to do it Thanks for answer.p
Negative 3262 pI am looking to change the source param as well as embed param in a video object when my user clicks on a link and I just cant seem to get the new videos to display.  The default video that is loaded in the parameters works just fine, just not sure what to do in order to get the new video loaded. here is my script and HTML.p  precodeltdiv idvideoPlayerDiv styleheight 350px width 350pxgt ltdiv idvideoTablegt     lttablegt         lttrgt             lttdgtltbgtTrading Videosltbgtlttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtgtlttdgtlttdgtlta href onclickplayVideotradingOverviewgtTrading Overviewltagtlttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtgtlttdgtlttdgtlta href onclickplayVideomultiAccountgtMultiAccount Trading Wizardltagtlttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtgtlttdgtlttdgtlta href onclickplayVideoglobalUnlockgtGlobal Unlockltagtlttdgt         lttrgt     lttablegt ltdivgt ltdiv idvideoPlayer styledisplaynone height 250px width 250pxgt     ltobject idobjViewer width250 height250 typevideoxmsasf dataWildlife.wmv classidCLSID6BF52A52394A11d3B15300C04F79FAA6gt         ltparam nameurl valueWildlife.wmvgt         ltparam namefilename VALUEWildlife.wmvgt         ltPARAM nameautostart VALUE0gt         ltparam nameuiMode valuefullgt         ltparam nameautosize value1gt         ltparam nameplaycount value1gt         ltEMBED TYPEapplicationxmplayer2 srcWildlife.wmv NAMEMediaPlayer idwmvViewer autostartfalse             WIDTH250 HEIGHT250 ShowControls1 ShowStatusBar0 ShowDisplay0gt          ltEMBEDgt     ltOBJECTgtltbrgt     lta onclickreturnVideosgtReturn to Videosltagt ltdivgt codepre  pp  pfollowed by the codep  precodefunction playVideox videoTable.attrstyle,displaynone videoPlayer.attrstyle,displayblock  var videoToPlay  x switchvideoToPlay     case tradingOverview         alertvideoToPlay         var newElement  Wildlife.wmv         wmvViewer.attrsrc, newElement     break     case multiAccount         alertvideoToPlay         var newElement  BabyBoyMainBackground.wmv         wmvViewer.attrsrc, newElement     break     case globalUnlock                 var newElement  PanelMask.wmv         objViewer.findembed.attrurl, newElement         objViewer.findembed.attrfilename, newElement         wmvViewer.attrsrc, newElement         alertvideoToPlay     break   function returnVideos videoTable.attrstyle,displayblock videoPlayer.attrstyle,displaynone  codepre  pbasically in the switch statement, depending on what video the user pressed to view i want to change the following parameters  p  pandp  pp  pchanging all of those values to the new video file declared.  the different cases above are jsut different things i was trying but nothing worked. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you allp
Negative 3262 pIm working on application that has several modules. Each module consists of one controller, modulesstores and a number of views which use these stores. So I decided to create main controller and one navigation view. When user changes the section of application the corresponding controller is loaded.p  pThis is the source code of my main controllerp  precodeExt.defineMy.controller.Navigation,  extend Ext.app.Controller, views [layout.Navbar], loadedControllers [], init function      var me  this     me.control         navbar gt tabpanel              tabchange me.handleNavChange               , handleNavChange functiontabPanel, newCard, oldCard, eOpts      var app  My.getApplication,         container  app.getContainerPanel,         components  Ext.ComponentQuery.queryviewport gt panel gt panelnot[clsbptelayout],         name  this.formatControllerNamenewCard.itemId,         i0     Remove initialized widgets     for i lt components.length i          container.remove components[i], true           Load and initialize controller     controller  app.getControllername     ifthis.isControllerLoadedname         controller.init     this.addLoadedControllername , formatControllerName functionid      return id.charAt0.toUpperCase  id.substr1.toLowerCase , isControllerLoaded functionname      forvar i0 i lt this.loadedControllers.length i          ifthis.loadedControllers[i]  name             return true          return false , addLoadedController functionname      this.loadedControllers.pushname  codepre  pAnd this is the abstract source code of my controllersp  precodeExt.defineMy.controller.ControllerX,      extend Ext.app.Controller,     stores [Store1,Store2],     views  [Widget1,Widget2,Widget3],     init function          var container  My.getApplication.getContainerPanel         container.add Ext.widgetWidget1          container.add Ext.widgetWidget2          this.control ...          ...          ...  codepre  pEverything works fine when I load child controllers for the first time. But when I navigate to the same child controller once again I have the problems with Stores. Stores act as like they are duplicated. For example when I add new model in the store and then sync the store, it adds two models instead of one and send them both to the server.p  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 3262 pI was googling this question, but couldnt find any solution to my problem. Sorry, if it is duplicate.p  pI am building .xlsx file in my application. I want user after clicking the button at my Web GUI to have the file downloaded. I wrote smth like thisp  precodeXSSFWorkbook wb  new XSSFWorkbook  then setting values and styles. ZipOutputStream zout  new ZipOutputStreamgetOutputStream ZipEntry ze  new ZipEntryfileName zout.putNextEntryze wb.writezout zout.closeEntry zout.close codepre  pAfter work of code like this I have .zip archive, but it contains folders, xml files. I know that .xlsx assembles from .xml files, but I want to have correct .xlsx file, not its inner representation. p  pPlease, tell me what am I doing wrongp
Negative 3262 pThis is my first post here so hopefully I have followed the guide but if there is a better way to post, feel free to point me in the right direction  I learn fast.p  pI am new to rails and working through the Hartl Rails Tutorial. I searched google and here for the solution but cant seem to locate an answer to why the tests fail on clickbutton Sign in.p  pI also went through the rails casts video a hrefhttprailscasts.comepisodes270authenticationinrails31 relnofollowRailscasts 270 Authenticationap  pWhat am I missing so I can get these tests to pass Any help would be greatly appreciated.p  pAll the test pass if i use the formfor but fail when I use formtag in .sessionsnew.html.erb. The Signin page still renders correctly but once I try to sign in, the web page shows an error onp  precodedef create     user  User.findbyemail params[session][email].downcase codepre  pHere is the exercise that I am trying to accomplish  Chapter 8, section 8.5, exercise 1p  blockquote   p8.5 Exercisesp      ol   liRefactor the signin form to use formtag in place of formfor. Make   sure the test suite still passes. Hint See the RailsCast on   authentication in Rails 3.1, and note in particular the change in   the structure of the params hash.li   ol blockquote  p.sessionsnew.html.erb p  precodelt providetitle, Sign in gt     lth1gtSign inlth1gt      ltdiv classrowgt     ltdiv classspan6 offset3gt      lt formtag sessionspath do gt      lt labeltag email gt     lt textfield email, params[email] gt      lt labeltag password gt     lt passwordfieldtag password gt      lt submittag Sign in, class btn btnlarge btnprimary gt     lt end gt         lt     lt formforsession, url sessionspath do f gt        lt f.label email gt       lt f.textfield email gt        lt f.label password gt       lt f.passwordfield password gt        lt f.submit Sign in, class btn btnlarge btnprimary gt     lt end gt     gt       ltpgtNew user lt linkto Sign up now, signuppath gtltpgt   ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pThis is the output of rspec specp  precodegt Failures    1 Authentication signin with invalid information      FailureError before  clickbutton Sign in       NoMethodError        undefined method [] for nilNilClass       .appcontrollerssessionscontroller.rb7in create       .specrequestsauthenticationpagesspec.rb19in block 4 levels in lttop requiredgt    2 Authentication signin with invalid information      FailureError before  clickbutton Sign in       NoMethodError        undefined method [] for nilNilClass       .appcontrollerssessionscontroller.rb7in create       .specrequestsauthenticationpagesspec.rb19in block 4 levels in lttop requiredgt    3 Authentication signin with invalid information after visiting another page      FailureError before  clickbutton Sign in       NoMethodError        undefined method [] for nilNilClass       .appcontrollerssessionscontroller.rb7in create       .specrequestsauthenticationpagesspec.rb19in block 4 levels in lttop requiredgt    4 Authentication signin with valid information      FailureError fillin Email,    with user.email.upcase      CapybaraElementNotFound        Unable to find field Email       .specrequestsauthenticationpagesspec.rb41in block 4 levels in lttop requiredgt    5 Authentication signin with valid information      FailureError fillin Email,    with user.email.upcase      CapybaraElementNotFound        Unable to find field Email       .specrequestsauthenticationpagesspec.rb41in block 4 levels in lttop requiredgt    6 Authentication signin with valid information      FailureError fillin Email,    with user.email.upcase      CapybaraElementNotFound        Unable to find field Email       .specrequestsauthenticationpagesspec.rb41in block 4 levels in lttop requiredgt    7 Authentication signin with valid information      FailureError fillin Email,    with user.email.upcase      CapybaraElementNotFound        Unable to find field Email       .specrequestsauthenticationpagesspec.rb41in block 4 levels in lttop requiredgt    8 Authentication signin with valid information followed by signout      FailureError fillin Email,    with user.email.upcase      CapybaraElementNotFound        Unable to find field Email       .specrequestsauthenticationpagesspec.rb41in block 4 levels in lttop    requiredgt     ..... codepre  p.specrequestsauthenticationpagesspec.rbp  precoderequire spechelper  describe Authentication do  subject  page   describe signin page do  before  visit signinpath   it  should havecontentSign in  it  should havetitleSign in  end  Testing for sign in failure describe signin do before  visit signinpath   describe with invalid information do   before  clickbutton Sign in     it  should havetitleSign in      This uses Capabara haveselector method    dot means class in CSS testing for div tag with classes alert    and alerterror and the error message contains invalid    it  should haveselectordiv.alert.alerterror, text Invalid       describe after visiting another page do         before  clicklink Home          it  shouldnot haveselectordiv.alert.alerterror      end     end   Testing for sign success describe with valid information do      This is using FactoryGirl gem   letuser  FactoryGirl.createuser     before do     fillin Email,    with user.email.upcase     fillin Password, with user.password     clickbutton Sign in   end    Uses Capybaras havelink method  takes arguments as text     of the link and optional href   it  should havetitleuser.name    it  should havelinkProfile,     href userpathuser    it  should havelinkSign out,    href signoutpath    it  shouldnot havelinkSign in, href signinpath     describe followed by signout do     before  clicklink Sign out      it  should havelinkSign in    end   end end end codepre  p.appcontrollerssessionscontroller.rbp  precodeclass SessionsController lt ApplicationController  def new end  def create     user  User.findbyemail params[session][email].downcase     if user ampamp user.authenticateparams[session][password]          Sign the user in and redirect to the users show page.          signin user         redirectto user     else           Flash [error] comes from bootstap CSS         flash.now[error]  Invalid emailpassword combination           This line activates the link signin to show the page view      new.html.erb         render new     end end  def destroy     signout     redirectto rooturl end   end codepre
Negative 3262 pHow can I with mysqli make a query with LIKE and get all resultsp  pThis is my code but it dosnt workp  precodeparam  POST[user] stmt  dbgtprepareSELECT id,Username FROM users WHERE Username LIKE  stmtgtbindparams, param stmtgtexecute stmtgtbindresultid,username stmtgtfetch codepre  pThis code it doesnt seem to work. I have searched it a lot. Also it may return more than 1 row. So how can I get all the results even if it returns more than 1 rowp
Negative 3262 pIm currently working to disable and lockdown tablets, and am having a hell of a time getting this part disabled. On a touch screen tablet, running windows 8, swiping from the right side of the screen will bring up a charms bar. I want this disabled.p  pI know this is controlled by a registry value or multiple values somewhere, but cant locate them. And Ive researched this for hours and hours.p  pJust a heads up, this has nothing to do with CharmBarHints or the Metro Switcher. This also has nothing to do with my mouses hardware options. Please, dont give me a fix for a PC running windows 8 that is using a touchpad, its not the same.p  pIm just trying to disable the charms bar for a tablet. Also, I know that windows 8.1 will contain a Kiosk Mode, however that will not be officially released until Oct 17th, and I will be shipping this fix out before then.p  pThanks for your help.p
Negative 3262 pI hope someone can help me. How can I a put an Image in a td if there is a specific word in it Here is my codep  precode    var allTableCells  document.getElementsByTagNametd      for var i  0, max  allTableCells.length i lt max i          var node  allTableCells[i]           var currentText  node.childNodes[0].nodeValue           if currentText  ArmHW             node.style.backgroundImage  urlHW.png codepre  pP.S. Sorry for my english And thank youp  pHere is the complete code now... still not working p  precodevar allTableCells  document.getElementsByTagNametd var HW  new Image yourHW.src  HW.png  for var i  0, max  allTableCells.length i lt max i      var node  allTableCells[i]      var currentText  node.childNodes[0].nodeValue      if currentText  WebSecurity.CurrentUserName         node.style.color  Blue          node.style.border  solid    for var j  0, max  allTableCells.length j lt max i  var node  allTableCells[j] if Text.toString.trim  ArmHW      node.removeChildText     node.appendChildyourHW       codepre  pOk the last saved code is this one... Still doesnt work Sorry for my english and lack of knowledgep  precodeltscriptgt var allTableCells  document.getElementsByTagNametd   for var i  0, max  allTableCells.length i lt max i      var node  allTableCells[i]      var currentText  node.childNodes[0].nodeValue      if currentText  WebSecurity.CurrentUserName         node.style.color  Blue          node.style.border  solid   var allTableCells  document.getElementsByTagNametd  for var i  0, max  allTableCells.length i lt max i      var node  allTableCells[i]       var currentText  node.childNodes[0].nodeValue       if currentText  ArmHW         node.style.backgroundImage  urlHW.png  ltscriptgt codepre  pAnd here is a sample of the td we are talking aboutp  precode       lttable id91 classcsmapgtforeachvar row in db.QueryselectCommand, Searcdb.QueryselectCommand, SearchTerm90lttrgtlttd onmouseoverthis.style.borderdashed onmouseoutthis.style.bordersolidgtrow.Ownerltbrgtrow.Owner2lttdgtlttrgtltTablegt codepre  hr  pOk, it looks like all your code are right... Something in my page is causing disfunction... I cant put an image in the back of any td... p  pIm trying to rewrite my page step by step and see where it stops. If you have any idea do not hesitate Dp  hr  pOk, something is missing. The code is working only if there is only one word in the td... My tds contain wordbrwordbretc...p  pThe script must find the good word in the td and show an imagep
Negative 3262 pI wanted to add a .gitignore file to my project in Eclipse and when I wanted to create one it said there already exists one.  Found out that there indeed already existed a .gitignore file, but neither Eclipse nor Windows explorer showed it, I had to search for .gitignore in the Windows explorer see screenshot. p  pAny idea how I can bring Eclipse to show that filep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhMszk.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pI decided to use a forum that I made about a year ago for a website I am working on now, and everything works after my revisions except for after creating the topic, it does not take you to the new post. Here is the functions that is supposed to accomplish thatp  precodefunction newpostname      sqlpost  SELECT id FROM forumquestion WHERE namename ORDER BY datetime     ASC LIMIT 1     mysqlpost  mysqlquerysqlpost     return mysqlpost  codepre  pAnd here is how I apply that codelta hrefviewtopic.phpidltphp echo newpostname gtgtView Postltagtcode Keep in mind that codenamecode is defined earlier in the documentp  pThis is the URL it takes me to, after creating a post codehttplocalhostNuBioviewtopic.phpidResource20id2010codep  pThanks for reading and I hope you can help. ALSO I know that I should be using MySQLi. I will be updating once I get the next few things I want to finish donep
Negative 3262 pI am working on a homework assignment and have not been able to figure out what Ive done wrong.p  pI am trying to create a list of book titles using ArrayListp  pHere is my code so farp  precodeimport java.awt.print.Book import java.util.ArrayList public class Books       public static void main String[] args          ArrayListltBookgt bookTitle  new ArrayListltBookgt           bookTitle.add Book title 1         bookTitle.add Book title 2         bookTitle.add Book title 3          System.out.printlnSize of Book list   bookTitle.size         codepre  pThis code gives me the following error on the three bookTitle.add lines The Method addBook in the type ArrayList is not applicable for the arguments Stringp  pSo then I tried thisp  precodeBook book1  new BookBook title         bookTitle.add book1 codepre  pThis gave me a The constructor BookString is undefined error.p  pPlease keep in mind Im a noob at Java so Im probably doing some very basic error and not realizing it.p  pI greatly appreciate your help and time.p
Negative 3262 pI have an app that creates a large bitmap and later the user can add some labels.  Everything works great as long as the base bitmap is the default 96x96 resolution.  If I bump it up to 300 for instance, then the text applied with Graphics.DrawString is much too large   a petite size 8 or 10 font displays like it is 20.  p  pOn the one hand, it makes sense given the resolution increase, but on the other, youd think the Fonts would scale. MeasureString returns a larger size when measured on a 300 vs 96 dpi bitmap, which wasnt really what I expected.p  pIve tried tricking it by creating a small bitmap of the appropriate size, printing to it, then pasting that to the master image.  But when pasted to the high res it enlarges the pasted image.  p  pThe only other thing I can think of is to create a high res temp bitmap, print to it, then shrink it before pasting to the main image.  That seems like a long way to go. Is there a compositing or overlay type setting that allows this  Are font sizes only true for a 96 dpi canvas p  pThanks for any hintsadvicep
Negative 3262 pI am using solr4.4.0 and nutch1.7. I am newbie in solr and nutch. I am trying to integrate solr and nutch using following blogp  blockquote   pa hrefhttpwww.buildingblocks.comthinkingbuildingasearchenginewithnutchandsolrin10minutes relnofollowhttpwww.buildingblocks.comthinkingbuildingasearchenginewithnutchandsolrin10minutesap blockquote  pStarted solr successfullyp  precodemanishubuntu cd usrlocalsolrexample manishubuntuusrlocalsolrexample java jar start.jar codepre  pAs well as indexed urls succesfullyp  precodemanishubuntuusrlocalnutchbinnutch crawl urls dir crawl depth 3 topN 50 codepre  pSample outputp  precodefetching httpwww.tatvic.comtatvicexcelpluginwebinar queue crawl delay5000ms activeThreads10, spinWaiting9, fetchQueues.totalSize36 activeThreads10, spinWaiting10, fetchQueues.totalSize36 activeThreads10, spinWaiting10, fetchQueues.totalSize36 activeThreads10, spinWaiting10, fetchQueues.totalSize36 activeThreads10, spinWaiting10, fetchQueues.totalSize36 activeThreads10, spinWaiting10, fetchQueues.totalSize36 . . . . . ..  Parsed 1mshttpwww.tatvic.comanomalydetection Parsed 1mshttpwww.tatvic.comblogdynamicfunnelingoogleanalytics Parsed 1mshttpwww.tatvic.combloggoogleanalyticscustomreports Parsed 0mshttpwww.tatvic.comcollaborativefiltering Parsed 1mshttpwww.tatvic.comcontactthanks .. . . . . LinkDb linkdb crawllinkdb LinkDb URL normalize true LinkDb URL filter true LinkDb internal links will be ignored. LinkDb adding segment fileusrlocalnutchcrawlsegments20130909064920 LinkDb adding segment fileusrlocalnutchcrawlsegments20130909065449 LinkDb adding segment fileusrlocalnutchcrawlsegments20130909064936 LinkDb adding segment fileusrlocalnutchcrawlsegments20130909043135 LinkDb adding segment fileusrlocalnutchcrawlsegments20130909035154 LinkDb merging with existing linkdb crawllinkdb LinkDb finished at 20130909 070153, elapsed 000004 crawl finished crawl codepre  pBut,while posting to solr i got the followingp  precodemanishubuntuusrlocalnutch binnutch solrindex http127.0.0.18983solr crawlcrawldb linkdb crawllinkdb crawlsegments Indexer starting at 20130909 070505 Indexer deleting gone documents false Indexer URL filtering false Indexer URL normalizing false No IndexWriters activated  check your configuration  Indexer finished at 20130909 070512, elapsed 000007 codepre  pwhich does it really meansIs it not doing posting at allp  pIn browser it does not show me anythingp  precode http127.0.0.18983solrselectqtatvic codepre  pbrowser samplep  precode ltresponsegtltlst nameresponseHeadergtltint namestatusgt0ltintgtltint nameQTimegt111ltintgtltlst nameparamsgtltstr nameqgttatvicltstrgtltlstgtltlstgtltresult nameresponse numFound0 start0gtltresponsegt codepre  pI tried lot more timesp  pI think it might be a issue.p  pCan you please help me to figure this outp
Negative 3262 pI recently deployed a website for my dad using Google App Engine.p  pOddly, some images in the gallery are found, while some return with a 404. I looked in the admin dashboard for usage rates, and it says Im only at 17 of Code and Static File Storage.p  pI have tried changing the directory and redeploying, I have also created a second application from thissite1 to thissite2, and I have waited about an hour in case its simply the cache, but none of these seem to be the issue.p  pIm brand new to Google App Engine, this is the first website Ive deployed using it, so any help would be much appreciated.p  pstrongcodeapp.yamlcodestrongp  precodeapplication thissite2 version 1 runtime python threadsafe true apiversion 1  handlers  url robots.txt   staticfiles staticrobots.txt   upload staticrobots.txt   url css   staticdir staticcss   url img   staticdir staticimg   url js   staticdir staticjs   url .   script main.py codepre  pstrongEditstrong I updated python to 2.7 in case that was the problem, but I did by doing thisp  precodeapplication thissite2 version 1 runtime python27 threadsafe true apiversion 1  handlers  url robots.txt   staticfiles staticrobots.txt   upload staticrobots.txt   url css   staticdir staticcss   url img   staticdir staticimg   url js   staticdir staticjs   url .   script main.app  a WSGI application in the main modules global scope  libraries  name webapp2   version 2.5.1   name django   version 1.2  skipfiles  .app.yaml  .app.yml  .index.yaml  .index.yml  ..  ..  ...py[co]  ..RCS.  ...  ...bak  ...less codepre  pThen I deployed, and the console said that the deployment was successful and it was updating the indexes and exited with code 0. Then I tried to go to the website and it returned with a code500 server errorcode. So I downgraded back to python 2.5 and the site is fine.p
Negative 3262 pwhile testing out my code. In my edit windows form a constructor exists belowp  precodepublic EditListltItemgt i, int index      itemListBox.SetSelectedindex, true     itemList  i     InitializeComponent  codepre  pthen the edit window is openedp  precodevar editor  new EdititemList, itemListBox.SelectedIndex editor.Show codepre  punfortunately i get p  precodeObject reference not set to an instance of an object. codepre  pWhat im trying to do is I have a main window with a listbox and when you double click an item a new form opens with a listbox and the same items. I want the item you double click on in the main window to be the item selected in the edit window that pops up.p
Negative 3262 pOK I have got a user table with a username and hashed password  in a db. Works fine on my local machine but when I export to a different server login doesnt work ie bad password p  pI have checked and the hashed value looks the same, the only difference I found is that a different engine is used, I have InnoDB on my local mysql and it is MyISAM on the live server, would that be the issue I thought Laravel was doing the encoding and readingp  pCheersp
Negative 3262 pAn exception occurs when the following codeIQueryablecode is enumeratedp  precodefrom record in dataContext.SomeTable select Convert.ToDecimalrecord.nullableDecimalColumn codepre  pThe error is an codeInvalidOperationExceptioncodep  blockquote   pThe null value cannot be assigned to a member with type decimal which is a nonnullable value typep blockquote  pThe documentation for codeConvert.ToDecimalcode says that it converts codenullcode to code0code, so it looks like it should work correctly.p
Negative 3262 pI have code that uses Storyboards for seques, like sop  precode void prepareForSegueUIStoryboardSegue segue senderidsender      if [segue.identifier isEqualToStringShowDiagnosis]              [segue.destinationViewController setHappinessself.diagnosis]          ... codepre  pBut I want to do it programmatically. I have myViewController class and when I click on a button I want to animate and push to myUINavigationController.p  pHow is this done programmaticallyp
Negative 3262 pHeres the code right away in my separate JS file p  precodefunction       window.scrollfunction            if .span4.cssleft  0px              .span4.cssleft, auto          else if .span4.cssleft lt 0px              .span4.cssleft, window.scrollLeft  20                function       window.resizefunction            if window.width gt 1130          .span4.cssleft, auto                codepre  pThis perfectly works well in Firefox but in IE facepalm.... But if i place this code inline in the html it works well in both IE and Firefox... why you IE p
Negative 3262 pI just started to make EntityTypeConfiguration class and did following p  precodepublic class Xyz     public int PlaceId  get set       public string  Name  get set       public DbGeography Location  get set       public int HumanTypeId  get set       public int AddressId  get set   codepre  pand in EntityTypeConfiguration  class p  precode public sealed class XyzConfigurationEntityTypeConfigurationltXyzgt      public XyzConfiguration              ToTablePlace, dbo         HasKeyp gt p.PlaceId            Propertyp gt p.PlaceId             .HasColumnNamePlaceId             .HasDatabaseGeneratedOptionDatabaseGeneratedOption.Identity          Propertyp gt p.Name         Propertyp gt p.Location.          Propertyp gt p.HumanTypeId         Propertyp gt p.AddressId       codepre  pNow how to set codeDbGeographycode and foreign key columns codeHumanTypeId , AddressIdcode  p  pThanks in advance p
Negative 3262 pI have this structp  precodetypedef struct xyzdata      void myfa lt correct     void myfb lt incorrect  codepre  pand this function definitionp  precodeasmlinkage ssizet realsysreadunsigned int fd, char user buf, sizet count asmlinkage ssizet hookedsysreadunsigned int fd, char user buf, sizet count codepre  pas you might be guessing, this will point to the kernels codeNRreadcode.p  pSaving codehookedsysreadcode to codemyfacode is as simple as codexyzdatasomethinggtmyfa  hookedsysreadcode, but what about codemyfbcode Im not sure codexyzdatasomethinggtmyfb  amprealsysreadcode will work.p  pIm hijacking some syscalls If youre interested in the project, everything is available in GitHub and each hijacked syscall will use that struct to call the real syscall it belongs to which will be accessed via codemyfbcode, making use of the returned value.p  pKeep in mind that each syscall has its own return type.p
Negative 3262 pI have the following codep  precodeif localStorage[Course  Model.Course.CourseID]  null ampamp localStorage[Course  Model.Course.CourseID]      var courseSectionID  localStorage[Course  Model.Course.CourseID]   alertBEFORE   courseSectionID   var postData   courseSectionID courseSectionID    .postCourseCourseSectionLaunchStillExistCheck, postData, function data        if data  True             var id  parseIntcourseSectionID       alert1   id          else            var id  Model.CourseSections.First.CourseSectionID       alert2   id          else    var id  Model.CourseSections.First.CourseSectionID   alert3   id   var urlstring  Section  id alerturlstring codepre  pIf I enter at alert 3 I am always getting the correct strongSection115strong etc as expected but when I enter through alert points 1 and 2 I am getting the error returned as strongSectionundefinedstrong but the alert strings at point 1 and 2 have the correct value so I cannot understand why these are undefined at the setting or the urlstring im sure im doing something really dumb but i cant seem to see what it is any help would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 3262 pI am simply trying to duplicate this curl command in PHPp  precodecurl X POST H ContentType applicationxml u usernamepassword httpsapi.company.comapipath codepre  pThis is the PHP code I am usingp  precodech  curlinithttpsapi.company.comapipath  curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPOST, true curlsetoptch, CURLOPTHTTPHEADER, arrayContentType applicationxml curlsetoptch, CURLOPTUSERPWD, username .  . password curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, true  response  curlexecch   response is null info  curlgetinfoch    info[httpcode] is 400 codepre  pWhile my shell command is successful and I get data back from the server, this PHP code fails  the server returns a 400 error. As far as I know, the PHP code and the shell command are effectively identical, so whats the difference I am missingp  hr  pstrongEditstrongp  pHere is the info I get from verbose modep  precode About to connect to api.company.com port 443 0    Trying xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx...  connected  Connected to api.company.com xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx port 443 0  successfully set certificate verify locations    CAfile etcpkitlscertscabundle.crt   CApath none  SSL connection using AES256SHA  Server certificate     [...]     SSL certificate verify ok.  Server auth using Basic with user username gt POST apipath HTTP1.1 Authorization Basic [...] Host api.company.com Accept  ContentType applicationxml ContentLength 1 Expect 100continue  lt HTTP1.1 400 BADREQUEST lt ContentLength 0 lt Connection Close lt   Closing connection 0 codepre  hr  pstrongEdit 2strongp  pI tried adding the following to the scriptp  precodecurlsetoptch, CURLOPTHTTPAUTH, CURLAUTHBASIC codepre  pBut this did not change the servers response.p
Negative 3262 pIts quite common that when User is logged out and pressing back button may land into LoggedIn user pages [last page], though they will not be able to do anything from there. But certainly it can be seen as Logged in User page.p  pOne way is to ensure that browsers dont cache the page, setting up header parameters. But it can work or cant work depending on browser.p  pWhen I have seen Facebook, somehow they implemented this feature that once user is logged out, back button will always asks for login.p  pHow do we achieve this using JavascriptjQueryp
Negative 3262 pIm working on having the ability to drag my posts into categories Im using jQuery functions for the draggable and droppable effect. However, using the jQuery below fro droppable gives me an error in railsp  precode.displaytype.droppable         accept .brandspan,         hoverClass active,         drop functionevent, props            displaycontainer.loadbranddisplaychange,               dragid props.draggable.attrid,                dropid this.attrid             codepre  pThe Error message Im gettingp  precodeSyntaxError reserved word function codepre  pI know I have to rewrite it for Coffee JS... do i dop  precode.displaytype.droppable         accept .brandspan,         hoverClass active,         drop gt event, props            displaycontainer.loadbranddisplaychange,               dragid props.draggable.attrid,                dropid this.attrid             codepre
Negative 3262 pIs it fine to change model data internally before displaying views For examplep  precodestruct MainWindow  QMainWindow      MainWindow             mTreeViewgtsetModelmModel        mModelgtappendChild...  No beginInsertRows and similars are called       codepre  pAlthough the model is set to the view before changing the model data, the view is not displayed since it is done in the constructor of main window. If the view is updated when it is displayed, I think the code should be okay.p
Negative 3262 pI need to get the form based on the id, so i am trying to post id using ajax but it doesnt give any response. I need help. Thanks in advancep  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt jQuerygetcat.clickfunction       jQuerygetcat.hide     var divval  jQueryselect[idcat].val     jQueryLoading.fadeIn     datastring  jQuerymainform.serialize     datastringiddivval      jQuery.postwindow.location.pathname  form1, datastring, function response          jQueryLoading.fadeOutfast         jQuery.formopen.load         jQuery.formopen.htmlresponse        ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI am using Jquery Compressed file in salesforce, integration for Google Map. I need to debug my Jquery code but when i put break point to debug my code in firebug then it goes to main.js. I want to debug my code line by line, so i can see variable value. Can we debug code by firebug in salesforce Thanks in Advance.p
Negative 3262 pI have an  element, which I need to be in a for cycle in the middle of the page, so that it can be populated with the right information. This aside element is hidden. On hoven, however it should appear. The problem is that its not very beautiful when it appears on the middle of the page. What I want is to have a div or whatever in the end of the page, and when showing the aside element it to be displayed in this div and to go to the end of the page. p  pI dont know if I succeeded in explaining what Im trying to do. Please exucse me, if the question is not very good.p  pSomething like this would be pefectp  precode.listElements.onmouseover, function     var id  elementthis.dataid      id.showinshowHere  codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a project which reads in a text file approx 2.6  GB in size, aggregates the data at some level and writes out a smaller file.p  pIve observed that if I run the program from Visual Studio in debug mode, it takes a lot of time to run about 45 mins. p  pInstead, if I open a command prompt, move to the Debug folder in my Visual studio Projects folder and run the same exe, it completes in almost 1015 mins. p  pIve also observed that the memory consumption is very high when running through Visual Studio. p  pIm not stepping through the code, nor do I have any breakpoints in it. Why does Visual studio take so much longer to run the same executable compared to running it directly from cmdp  pstrongP.S.strong p  ul lipI tried searching for this type of issue here, but most questions are about Visual Studio taking long while stepping through, or taking too long to start execution in debug mode. pli lipI couldnt find anything about why the same executable takes much, much longer while running through Visual studio when everything else is the same.pli ul
Negative 3262 pI ran into some code that surprised me. This compiles in Visual Studio 2012 and runs just fine.p  h3The Description Classh3  precodeclass Description  public     Descriptionbool valid  false     Descriptionvoid  codepre  h3Mainh3  precodeDescription functionThatReturnsADescription      return 1   int main      Description theDescription  functionThatReturnsADescription  codepre  pMy confusion is with the codefunctionThatReturnsADescriptioncode method how is it legal to return any object other than Description If I set it to codereturn 1code, it calls the Description constructor with codevalid  truecode. If I set it to codereturn falsecode or codereturn 0code, it calls the Description constructor with codevalid  falsecode.p  pDoes this mean a C compiler emalwaysem calls the functions return type constructor with the arguments of the return statement How did I not know that before I would have swore this wasnt legal C.p
Negative 3262 precode[scale image][1]     [1] httpi.stack.imgur.comrUjSU.png   ltscriptgt document.readyfunction      gettext.bindinput,function          .deadline1 gt li.cssbackgroundcolor,transparent         var valuesX  gettext.val         apfeet.valvaluesX         .deadline1 li.eachfunction             var strip   this.attrdata             ifstrip  valuesX                             forvar i4 iltstrip i                                     necki.cssbackgroundcolor,red                    div[idi.].filterfunctionreturn this.id.matchd.cssbackgroundcolor,red                    console.logi                                                   ltscriptgt  ltul classdeadline1gt     ltli idneck7 data7gtltspan classfeetnumgt7 feetltspangt ltligt     ltli idneck6.11 data6.11gt.ltligt     ltli idneck6.10 data6.10gt.ltligt     ltli idneck6.9 data6.9gt.ltligt     ltli idneck6.8 data6.8gt.ltligt     ltli idneck6.7 data6.7gt.ltligt     ltli idneck6.6 data6.6gtltligt     ltli idneck6.5 data6.5gt.ltligt     ltli idneck6.4 data6.4gt.ltligt     ltli idneck6.3 data6.3gt.ltligt     ltli idneck6.2 data6.2gt.ltligt     ltli idneck6.1 data6.1gt.ltligt     ltli idneck6 data6gtltspan classfeetnumgt6 feetltspangt ltligt     ltli idneck5.11 data5.11gt.ltligt     ltli idneck5.10 data5.10gt.ltligt     ltli idneck5.8 data5.9gt.ltligt     ltli idneck5.8 data5.8gt.ltligt     ltli idneck5.7 data5.7gt.ltligt     ltli idneck5.6 data5.6gtltligt     ltli idneck5.5 data5.5gt.ltligt     ltli idneck5.4 data5.4gt.ltligt     ltli idneck5.3 data5.3gt.ltligt     ltli idneck5.2 data5.2gt.ltligt     ltli idneck5.1 data5.1gt.ltligt     ltli idneck5 data5gtltspan classfeetnumgt5 feetltspangtltligt     ltli idneck4.11 data4.11gt.ltligt     ltli idneck4.10 data4.10gt.ltligt     ltli idneck4.9 data4.9gt.ltligt     ltli idneck4.8 data4.8gt.ltligt     ltli idneck4.7 data4.7gt.ltligt     ltli idneck4.6 data4.6gtltligt     ltli idneck4.5 data4.5gt.ltligt     ltli idneck4.4 data4.4gt.ltligt     ltli idneck4.3 data4.3gt.ltligt     ltli idneck4.2 data4.2gt.ltligt     ltli idneck4.1 data4.1gt.ltligt     ltli idneck4 data4gtltspan classfeetnumgt4 feetltspangt ltligt     ltulgt codepre  p here is my scale i am selecting the li elements from the given value of text field and through that value i need to change background of lis from the current code it only changing the values of those lis whose ids are single i mean id without . ex4.1... etc i want to take those values in loop to..p
Negative 3262 pIs it possible to set a codecachecontrolcode header communicating with a reverse proxy to ignore query parameters in determining what is a unique uri or in short validate a cache even if some query parameters have changedp  pSometimes query parameters have nothing to do with the rendering of the page at least from a server side perspective. For instance all codeutmcode variables from Google Adwords. These are needed for the javascript on your page so you dont want to strip them away and redirect to a cached page but at the same time it would be advantageous not to treat two uris which are basically the same but have different codeutmcode parameters as unique when communicating with a reverse proxy.p  pAn examplep  ol lipcodehttpwww.example.comsearchsortpricecodepli lipcodehttpwww.example.comsearchsortpriceamputmcampaignshoescodepli ol  pIs there anyway to tell the reverse proxy using the HTTP 1.1 spec i.e. some type of http header that it can just treat these two pages as the samep
Negative 3262 pCan we select inside a PostgreSQL function without using codeEXECUTEcode  Im trying to use codequoteidentcode to create dynamic SQL but it doesnt work.p  precodeCREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION selectserverpid text RETURNS integer AS   DECLARE     serialnumvalue INTEGER     STATEMENT TEXT BEGIN   STATEMENT  tbl  substr1, 1, 4     SELECT serialnum INTO serialnumvalue FROM quoteidentSTATEMENT  WHERE id  1   RETURN serialnum END codepre  pDoes anybody have idea how to select from dynamic table in a PostgreSQL function without using codeEXECUTEcodep
Negative 3262 pI would need actual C code examples on how to create a code deciphering facial gestures with OpenCV. Google used to be my friend, but it betrayed me by showing just tutorials on the question, while I would need to see some working code for inspiration.p  pCan somebody help mep
Negative 3262 pI am learning Java game development and I am having an issue understanding why the Robot is not moving. I know the issue is with the repaint but I can not figure it out.p  pplease helpp  pThankp  pGame Classp  precode     public class GameMain extends Applet implements KeyListener     private Image image, character private Graphics gpx private Droid droid private URL base private static Background bg1, bg2  Override public void init       setSize800, 480     setBackgroundColor.BLACK     setFocusabletrue     addKeyListenerthis     Frame frame  Frame this.getParent.getParent     frame.setTitleMy First Game      droid  new Droid     base  getDocumentBase     character  getImagebase, datachar.png    Override public void start        GameThread thread  new GameThread     thread.start     System.out.printlnThread Started   Override public void stop       Override  public void destroy     Override public void updateGraphics g       ifimage  null         image  createImagethis.getWidth, this.getHeight         gpx  image.getGraphics           gpx.setColorgetBackground     gpx.fillRect0, 0, getWidth, getHeight     gpx.setColorgetForeground     paintgpx      g.drawImageimage, 0, 0, this   Override public void paintGraphics g      g.drawImagecharacter, droid.getPositionX  61, droid.getPositionY 63, this   Override public void keyPressedKeyEvent key       switchkey.getKeyCode      case KeyEvent.VKUP          break     case KeyEvent.VKDOWN          break     case KeyEvent.VKLEFT         droid.moveLeft         break     case KeyEvent.VKRIGHT         droid.moveRight         break     case KeyEvent.VKSPACE         droid.jump         break         Override public void keyReleasedKeyEvent key      switchkey.getKeyCode      case KeyEvent.VKUP          break     case KeyEvent.VKDOWN          break     case KeyEvent.VKLEFT         droid.stop         break     case KeyEvent.VKRIGHT         droid.stop         break     case KeyEvent.VKSPACE          break          Override public void keyTypedKeyEvent key       TODO Autogenerated method stub      codepre  pThread Classp  precode    public class GameThread extends Thread    GameMain game Droid droid  private static Background bg1, bg2  public GameThread      bg1  new Background0,0     bg2  new Background2160, 0       Override public void run      game  new GameMain     droid  new Droid     Game while loop     whiletrue          droid.update         game.repaint     bg1.update     bg2.update       try          Thread.sleep17      catch InterruptedException e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace             codepre  pDroid Classp  precode      public class Droid   private int positionX  100 private int positionY  382  private int speedX  0 private int speedY  1  private boolean jump  false      public void update      Update X Position     ifspeedX lt 0         positionX  speedX      else ifspeedX  0         System.out.printlnDo not scroll the background.     else          ifpositionX lt 150             positionX  speedX          else             System.out.printlnScroll Background Here                   Update Y Position     ifpositionY  speedY gt 382         positionY  382     else         positionY  speedY           update Jump      ifjump  true         speedY  1          ifpositionY  speedY gt 382             positionY  382             speedY  0             jump  false                    public void moveRight speedX  6 System.out.printlnspeedX       public void moveLeft speedX  6 System.out.printlnspeedX      public void stop speedX  0    public void jump ifjump  false     speedY  15     jump  true         public void setPositionXint positionX      this.positionX  positionX   public int getPositionX     return positionX       public void setPositionYint positionY      this.positionY  positionY   public int getPositionY     return positionY   public void setSpeedXint speedX     this.speedX  speedX   public int getSpeedX     return speedX   public void setSpeedYint speedY     this.speedY  speedY   public int getSpeedY     return speedY           codepre
Negative 3262 pTrying to insert as NULL if an input field is empty, using codePHPcode.p  pIve got an codeINTcode field that defaults to codeNULLcode. This is for a hockey player to enter their jersey number. p  pIf they dont have a jersey number, their jersey field should be null in my MySQL database. But when I codemysqlrealescapestringcode the value which is codejersey  NULLcode, it defaults to codezerocode.p  pDo I have to change my field to a codeVARCHARcode Or is there a work around for codemysqlrealescapestringcodep  pHere is my insert codep  precodesprintfINSERT INTO players playerName, playerNumber,  VALUES  s,d,, mysqlrealescapestringname, mysqlrealescapestringnumber codepre  pThanks for any insight. I couldnt find any answers when searching SO.p
Negative 3262 pI wanted to write an efficient implementation of the FloydWarshall all pairs shortest path algorithm in Haskell using codeVectorcodes to hopefully get good performance.p  pThe implementation is quite straightforward, but instead of using a 3dimensional VVV matrix, a 2dimensional vector is used, since we only ever read the previous codekcode value.p  pThus, the algorithm is really just a series of steps where a 2D vector is passed in, and a new 2D vector is generated. The final 2D vector contains the shortest paths between all nodes i,j.p  pMy intuition told me that it would be important to make sure that the previous 2D vector was evaluated before each step, so I used codeBangPatternscode on the codeprevcode argument to the codefwcode function and the strict codefoldlcodep  precode Language BangPatterns   import           Control.DeepSeq import           Control.Monad       forM import           Data.List           foldl import qualified Data.Map.Strict     as M import           Data.Vector         Vector, ,  import qualified Data.Vector         as V import qualified Data.Vector.Mutable as V hiding length, replicate, take  type Graph  Vector M.Map Int Double type TwoDVector  Vector Vector Double  infinity  Double infinity  10   calculate shortest path between all pairs in the given graph, if there are  negative cycles, return Nothing allPairsShortestPaths  Graph gt Int gt Maybe TwoDVector allPairsShortestPaths g v    let initial  fw g v V.empty 0       results  foldl fw g v initial [1..v]   in if negCycle results         then Nothing         else Just results   where  check for negative elements along the diagonal         negCycle a  any not  map i gt a  i  i gt 0 [0..V.length a1]   one step of the FloydWarshall algorithm fw  Graph gt Int gt TwoDVector gt Int gt TwoDVector fw g v prev k  V.create  do                                             bang   curr lt V.new v   forM [0..v1]  i gt     V.write curr i  V.create  do       ivec lt V.new v       forM [0..v1]  j gt do         let d  distance g prev i j k         V.write ivec j d       return ivec   return curr  distance  Graph gt TwoDVector gt Int gt Int gt Int gt Double distance g  i j 0  base case 0 if same vertex, edge weight if neighbours    i  j     0.0    otherwise  M.findWithDefault infinity j g  i distance  a i j k  let c1  a  i  j                         c2  a  i  k1a  k1  j                         in min c1 c2 codepre  pHowever, when running this program with a 1000node graph with 47978 edges, things does not look good at all. The memory usage is very high and the program takes way too long to run. The program was compiled with codeghc O2code.p  pI rebuilt the program for profiling, and limited the number of iterations to 50p  precode results  foldl fw g v initial [1..50] codepre  pI then ran the program with codeRTS p hccode and codeRTS p hdcodep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJftTx.png altp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOLrzo.png altp  pThis is... interesting, but I guess its showing that its accumulating tonnes of thunks. Not good.p  pOk, so after a few shots in the dark, I added a codedeepseqcode in codefwcode to make sure codeprevcode emreallyem is evalutedp  precodelet d  prev deepseq distance g prev i j k codepre  pNow things look better, and I can actually run the program to completion with constant memory usage. Its obvious that the bang on the codeprevcode argument was not enough.p  pFor comparison with the previous graphs, here is the memory usage for 50 iterations after adding the codedeepseqcodep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com9xr5T.png altp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0SMVD.png altp  pOk, so things are better, but I still have some questionsp  ol liIs this the correct solution for this space leak I am wrong in feeling that inserting a codedeepseqcode is a bit uglyli liIs my usage of codeVectorcodes here idiomaticcorrect Im building a completely new vector for every iteration and hoping that the garbage collector will delete the old codeVectorcodes.li liIs there any other things I could do to make this run faster with this approachli ol  pFor references, here is codegraph.txtcode a hrefhttpsebsauvage.netpaste45147f7caf8c5f297tiCiPovPHWRm1XNvrSbzNl3ujF3xB3yehrxhEdVWwhttpsebsauvage.netpaste45147f7caf8c5f297tiCiPovPHWRm1XNvrSbzNl3ujF3xB3yehrxhEdVWwap  pHere is codemaincodep  precodemain  do   ls lt fmap lines  readFile graph.txt   let numVerts  head . map read . words . head  ls   let edges  map map read . words tail ls   let g  V.create  do         g lt V.new numVerts         forM [0..numVerts1] idx gt V.write g idx M.empty         forM edges  [f,t,w] gt do            subtract one from vertex IDs so we can index directly           curr lt V.read g f1           V.write g f1  M.insert t1 fromIntegral w curr         return g   let a  allPairsShortestPaths g numVerts   case a of     Nothing gt putStrLn Negative cycle detected.     Just a gt do       putStrLn   The shortest, shortest path has length                 show V.minimum . V.map V.minimum a codepre
Negative 3262 pI am having a problem. I have a post draw listener where I draw a scaled version of a bitmap. The problem stems from the fact that I tend to do some scaling every time a zoom happens zoom in scale up, zoom out scale down. The problem is I am not able to recycle the bitmap because when I try to do so after drawing p  precodecanvas.drawscaledbitmap,0,0,null scaledBitmap.recycle codepre  pi get the Canvas canot draw recycled bitmap exceptionp  pDoes anyone know how I would go about recycling a bitmap after I am done with it so that another can be scaled afterwards and I dont get the OutOfMemoryException crash.p  pSome Code to show you exactly how I am using itp  precodeprivate SpenDrawListener mPosteDrawListener  new SpenDrawListener           Override         public void onDrawCanvas canvas, float x, float y, float ratio,             float frameStartX, float frameStartY, RectF updateRect              ifmLineDrawingBitmap  null                 mLineDrawingBitmap  loadLineDrawingBitmapmLineDrawingFileName              Bitmap bm  Bitmap.createScaledBitmapmLineDrawingBitmap, intmLineDrawingBitmap.getWidth  ratio, intmLineDrawingBitmap.getHeight  ratio, true                          float pointX  mScreenRect.width  bm.getWidth  2             float pointY  mScreenRect.height  2  bm.getHeight                          float pointX  frameStartX  x  ratio             float pointY  frameStartY  y  ratio              canvas.drawBitmapbm, 0, 0,null             canvas.drawBitmapbm, pointX, pointY, null              bm.recycle               codepre
Negative 3262 pI am looking to search through 902 codetdcode elements in a table and find code.rowcode class whos title attribute equals the json objects value.p  pThe table looks something like thisp  precodeltdiv idsiterelationshipidtbddgt     lttable classtbdtablegt        lttbodygt            lttr classheadergt              ...            lttrgt            lttr classrowgt                lttd title  1gtlttdgt  This value increments for each parent tr element.                lttd titleSomeTitlegtlttdgt                lttd titlesomeJazzgtlttdgt            lttrgt            ... 901 more of these ....        lttbodygt     lttablegt ltdivgt codepre  pWhat I have coming back as the json value isp  precode[siteid148]  codepre  pand what I have for jquery so far is codesiterelationshipidtbdd .tbdddrop .row.findtdcode Which has been useful to find me all the codetdcode elements inside a codetrcode.p  pWhat I want to do is find the one codetdcode element whos codetitle148code and then add code.selectedcode to the parent codetrcode, so it will look like codelttr classrow selectedgtcodep  pideasp
Negative 3262 pIm writing WCF services that will be used by clients out in the wild so they need to handle crossorigin requests. I have a problem with enabling my development server to accept such requests. Here is the scenariop  ul liIm running the WCF project in an instance of Visual Studio 2012, using IIS Express 8 as the server on a specific port.li liIm running the client project in another instance of Visual Studio 2012, also using IIS Express 8 as the server. This project uses AJAX to consume services in the other project.li ul  pWhen I run the client project in IE there is no problem because IE does not send the preflight OPTIONS request. When I run it in Chrome however the preflight OPTIONS request returns a 405 Method Not Allowed and Chrome gives up on the service. Previous versions of Chrome would just ignore the error and continue with the actual POST request or Get, whatever... but later versions appear to be pickier.p  pIve also run into this with a deployed WCF project and solved it by moving the OPTIONSVerbHandler to the top of the Handler Mappings list in IIS.p  pI should point out that Im using the most generous web.config settings I can think of to try to allow CORS. For instance I have this in the WCF projects configurationp  precodelthttpProtocolgt   ltcustomHeadersgt     ltremove nameXPoweredBy gt     ltadd nameAccessControlAllowOrigin value gt     ltadd nameAccessControlAllowHeaders value gt     ltadd nameAccessControlAllowMethods value gt     ltadd nameXPoweredBy value gt   ltcustomHeadersgt lthttpProtocolgt codepre  pRegardless, any client crossorigin requests to the WCF project running from code fail with the 405 error.p  pAny help setting up either the WCF project itself or IIS Express 8 to enable CORSp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI want solution using strongonly CSSstrongp  pwe have 3 circle here.p  pWhenever I perform mouseover on circles with class Name Mycircle , the circle with class Name BigCircle should change to red colorp  phtmlp  precodeltdiv classBigCirclegtltdivgt ltdiv classmycirclegtltdivgt ltdiv classmycirclegtltdivgt codepre  pCSSp  precode.mycircle,.BigCirclewidth50px height50px borderradius30px backgroundcolorgrey margin3px .mycirclehoverbackgroundyellow  .mycirclehover .BigCirclebackgroundred codepre  pHere is the demo a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netJGbDs4 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netJGbDs4ap  pThanks in Advancep
Negative 3262 pI have started learning Ruby on Rails and Git.p  pWhenever I try to push any changes to my remote repo on Github, I encounter the following errorp  precodeCSitesfirstgtgit push origin master To gitgithub.compiy9Twitterclone.git   [rejected]        master gt master nonfastforward error failed to push some refs to gitgithub.compiy9Twitterclone.git hint Updates were rejected because the tip of your current branch is behind hint its remote counterpart. Merge the remote changes e.g. git pull hint before pushing again. hint See the Note about fastforwards in git push help for details. codepre  pNOte I have added all the files in the directory and committed the changes. I have not created any separate branches using pull or checkout.p  pI am not asking for a solution to the problem.p  pdoing p  precodegit push f or git push origin HEAD codepre  pworked for me.p  pWhat I want to know is, why am I getting the error while trying to push to the original branch.p
Negative 3262 pIn my function I want to convert time from GMT to BST. My query is like belowp  precodeSELECT TOCHARNEWTIME TRUNCSYSDATE  2024  211440,                         GMT,                         BST,                HH24MI         FROM DUAL codepre  pIts returning me 921 instead of 2121. Please help Thank youp
Negative 3262 pTo make it easier for you to understand, what Im trying to make is a app which shows me a list of books  name of the book and image of front cover. When clicked on, it will go to another activity, with an enlarged image of the cover and description of the book. It Should be scrollable. brThis is how much I have.p  pstrongMainActivity.javastrongp  precodepublic class MainActivity extends ListActivity  TextView select String[] items   Naruto, One Piece, Bleach, Harry Potter, Vampires Assistant,         Pet Cemetery    Called with the activity is first created.  Override public void onCreateBundle a      super.onCreatea     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain     setListAdapternew ArrayAdapterltStringgtthis,             android.R.layout.simplelistitem1, items     select  TextView findViewByIdR.id.selection   public void onListItemClickListView parent, View v, int position, long id      select.setTextitems[position]   codepre  pstrongactivitymain.xmlstrongp  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt     ltLinearLayout      xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid      androidorientationvertical      androidlayoutwidthfillparent      androidlayoutheightfillparent gt      ltTextView      androidididselection      androidlayoutwidthfillparent      androidlayoutheightwrapcontentgt      ltListView      androididandroididlist      androidlayoutwidthfillparent      androidlayoutheightfillparent      androiddrawSelectorOnTopfalsegt     ltLinearLayoutgt codepre
Negative 3262 pMy application MVC4C uses the SimpleMembershipProvider and generally works fine. However, I have a problem that I cannot resolve after spending many hours researching and testing. p  pIf I leave my application for a period of time say 30 minutes then select a menu item, the page renders sidebarheaderfooter, but the RenderBody section redirects to the AccountLogin action. p  pIf I then ignore the login and click on any controller action link from the menu then it loads as expected. It appears that the razor layout view correctly thinks I am authenticated, but the controller doesnt think I am authorized. I have a base class for most of my controllers that I inherit from that has the [Authorize] attribute. p  pIf I logout, only the RenderBody section renders as expected, for AccountLogin action. p  pFrom web.config p  precodeltsystem.webgt   ltroleManager enabledtrue gt   ltauthentication modeFormsgt     ltforms loginUrlAccountLogin timeout2880 gt   ltauthenticationgt codepre  pBase controllerp  precode[Authorize] public abstract class AuthorizeBaseController  Controller   codepre  pControllers p  precodepublic class SiteController  AuthorizeBaseController       private SiteContext db  new SiteContext      public ActionResult Index              return Viewdb.Sites.ToList                codepre  pLayout.cshtmlp  precode ltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langengt ltheadgt ltmeta charsetutf8 gt lttitlegtViewBag.Titlelttitlegt ltlink hreffavicon.ico relshortcut icon typeimagexicon gt ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth gt Styles.RenderContentcss Scripts.Renderbundlesmodernizr Styles.RenderContentmenubar.css ltheadgt ltbodygt if Request.IsAuthenticated      ltdiv idheadergt              ltdivgt     ltdiv idsidebargt              ltdivgt lt sidebar gt   ltdiv idbodygt     RenderBody ltdivgt  if Request.IsAuthenticated      ltfootergt              ltfootergt  Scripts.Renderbundlesjquery RenderSectionscripts, required false ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI know that there are simmilar questons, but I really cant find an answer fitting on my issue.p  pI have this codeHTMLcode table witch is looping trough an array  defined in my viewModelp  precodeltdiv classformElement idAssimilationDT styleoverflowx auto width 100emgt                           lttable classdataTablegt lttheadgt     lttrgt         ltthgt 1 ltthgt         ltthgt 2 ltthgt         ltthgt 3ltthgt         ltthgt 4ltthgt         ltthgt 5ltthgt         ltthgt 6ltthgt         ltthgt 7ltthgt         ltthgt 8ltthgt         ltthgt 9ltthgt         ltthgt 10ltthgt         ltthgt 11ltthgt         ltthgt 12thgt         ltthgt 13ltthgt         ltthgt 14ltthgt         ltthgt 15ltthgt         ltthgt 16ltthgt         ltthgtltthgt     lttrgt    lttheadgt lttbody databindforeach assimilationRowsgt     lttrgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameAssimilationDate idAssimilationDate databindevent  mouseover assimilationDatePicker, value AssimilationDategtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameInvoiceSum databindvalue InvoiceSumgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameFondAssimAmm databindvalue FondAssimAmmgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameFondSgebFondPerc databindvalue FondSgebFondPercgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameFondWholeAssimPerc databindvalue FondWholeAssimPercgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameSgebAssimAmm databindvalue SgebAssimAmmgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameSgebFondSgeb databindvalue SgebFondSgebgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameSgebWholeAssimPerc databindvalue SgebWholeAssimPercgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameFondSuppl databindvalue FondSupplgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameFondSupplNum databindvalue FondSupplNumgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameFondSupplInvNum databindvalue FondSupplInvNumgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameFondDesc databindvalue FondDescgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameSgebSuppl databindvalue SgebSupplgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameSgebSupplNum databindvalue SgebSupplNumgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext nameSgebSupplInvNum databindvalue SgebSupplInvNumgtlttdgt         lttdgt                 ltimg srcHDSHubCreditMonitoringjsimagesclose.jpg altClose databindclick root.removeAssimilationRowgt          lttdgt     lttrgt lttbodygt lttablegt ltbutton typebutton idnewSupplierRow classbutton databindclick newAssimilationRowgt ltbuttongt            ltdivgt codepre  pwhat I have in my viewModel is the below code  containing the table rows and it is supposed to execute the code.datepickercodep  precodeAssimilationInfo  functionclientNum                     this.AssimilationDate  null                     this.InvoiceSum  null                     this.FondAssimAmm  null                     this.FondSgebFondPerc  null                     this.FondWholeAssimPerc  null                     this.SgebAssimAmm  null                     this.SgebFondSgeb  null                     this.SgebWholeAssimPerc  null                     this.FondSuppl  null                     this.FondSupplNum  null                     this.FondSupplInvNum  null                     this.FondDesc  null                     this.SgebSuppl  null                     this.SgebSupplNum  null                     this.SgebSupplInvNum  null                     this.SgebDesc  null                     assimilationDatePicker  function                           AssimilationDate .datepicker                             yearRange 20100,                             changeMonth true,                             changeYear true,                             dateFormat dMy                                                               , codepre  pANDp  precodenewAssimilationRow  function                        this.assimilationRows.pushnew AssimilationInfothis.clientNumber                   ,                    removeAssimilationRow  function ca                       assimilationRows.removeca                   , codepre  pThe above functions are adding, or removing a rows in the HTML table. The problem Im facing is that the code.datepickercode is working only on the 1st table row  if I add another row, it is just not working.p  pIm pretty sure that I cant call it correctly, but Im not able to spot the issue as a beginner. Is there a way to call the codedatepickercode on every table rowp  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI added p  precodeassimilationDatePicker  function                           .AssimilationDate .datepicker                             yearRange 20100,                             changeMonth true,                             changeYear true,                             dateFormat dMy                                               codepre  pand now it shows on every row, but only the value of the 1st row input is updated.p
Negative 3262 pHow do I freeze the listview scroll when keyboard pops up and then regain scroll after keyboard is hidden. I cannot seem to start anywherep
Negative 3262 pthis is my codep  precodeopenWs.AutoFilterMode  False RangeA1.AutoFilter Field1, Criteria1  gt amp date1, OperatorxlAnd, Criteria2lt amp date2 RangeA1.AutoFilter Field4, VisibleDropDownFalse RangeA1.AutoFilter Field5, VisibleDropDownFalse RangeA1.AutoFilter Field6, VisibleDropDownFalse RangeA1.AutoFilter Field7, VisibleDropDownFalse RangeA1.AutoFilter Field8, VisibleDropDownFalse cnt  ActiveSheet.UsedRange.Rows.count arr  openWs.RangeA2H amp cnt.Rows.SpecialCellsxlCellTypeVisible.Value Supplier codepre  pThe AutoFilter had show that I had 40 record, but when using .SpecialCellsxlCellTypeVisible, I just get about 20 record from it, after check through the record, I figure out that it always return the last range that match with date2, data after the range will just ignore, whyp  psample data after filterp  pfilter range 20130101  20130107p  precode20130104    73390113  13006015    CN  250000 639442350.6  Success 20130107    73460113  13002022    DN  1200000 639442350.6 Success data below all ignore after hitting 20130107, only return data above target 20130104    73400113  13006016    CN  300000 118968559.6 Failed 20130107    73400113  13006016    CN  300000 118968559.6 Failed codepre  pAm I doing anything wrong I thought excel will automatically return everything that visible after the filter, but it seems like it still apply the same filter Any ideap  pstrongUpdate 1strong More sample data, after apply Siddharth Rout codep  precodeCP0001  20130103    ITAX  12TH INST YA2012    13012000    PR  180000 0 CP0001  20130103    ITAX  12TH INST YA2012    13014000    PPR 180000  0 HH2000  20130102    73240113  13006000    CN  100000 639442350.6 HH2000  20130102    73250113  13002001    DN  1500000 639442350.6 HH2000  20130103    73260113  13006002    CN  17000000   639442350.6 HH2000  20130103    73480113  13006024    CN  3000000    639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73270113  13006003    CN  10000000   639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73280113  13006004    CN  10000000   639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73290113  13006005    CN  500000 639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73300113  13006006    CN  1500000    639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73310113  13006007    CN  1000000    639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73320113  13006008    CN  3000000    639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73330113  13006009    CN  135000 639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73340113  13006010    CN  5000000    639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73350113  13006011    CN  31099000   639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73360113  13006012    CN  7000   639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73370113  13006013    CN  5000   639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73380113  13006014    CN  700000 639442350.6 HH2000  20130104    73390113  13006015    CN  250000 639442350.6 HH2000  20130107    73410113  13006017    CN  4563000    639442350.6 HH2000  20130107    73430113  13006019    CN  1800000    639442350.6 HH2000  20130107    73440113  13002020    DN  800000  639442350.6 HH2000  20130107    73450113  13002021    DN  900000  639442350.6 HH2000  20130107    73460113  13002022    DN  1200000 639442350.6 it stop here, below all ignore by excel HH2030  20130104    73380113  13002014    DN  700000  5318670.54 HH2100  20130104    73400113  13006016    CN  300000 118968559.6 HH2100  20130107    73420113  13006018    CN  980000 118968559.6 HH2101  20130107    73470113  13006023    CN  300000 12587577.27 codepre
Negative 3262 pHow to create a query with query types a hrefhttpwww.querydsl.comstaticquerydsllatestreferencehtmlch02.htmld0e184 relnofollowhttpwww.querydsl.comstaticquerydsllatestreferencehtmlch02.htmld0e184a that use wildcard p  pUse case  For an entity called Animal i need to get all animals with at least one a in the name property of the entity.p  pIt should look like QAnimal.animal.name...p  pI use mongodb with spring datap  pRegards,p
Negative 3262 pstrongSecond update 24.10.2013strongp  pIve narrowed this problem down to my database layer. Apparently its a performance issue with LINQ2SQL. Imagine loading 10 entities in a single query and then adding logic to retrieve child entities for those 10 main entities. For performance tuning you would like to execute that data retrieval in one single query, but L2S does this in a total of 11 queriesp  ul liOne query to retrieve the 10 main entitiesli liTen queries to retrieve emnem amount of child entities for each main entityli ul  pVarious blogs and articles online have confirmed my findings, although those articles are a couple of years old, some dating back as far as to 2007. The articles Ive found state that Entity Framework is a possible solution to this, as EF supports the expected behaviour which L2S does not support. Sad but true, it seems I will have to reprogram my database layer.p  pstrongFirst update 24.10.2013strongp  pI have narrowed this problem further down with the help of ANTS Profiler. There seems to be a problem in my business logic and general design. Ive discovered a tendency where objects are being created way too many times rather than just using the already created version. I am doing a major overhaul and optimizing the code to see if this will improve the performance of the website as experienced by the enduser.p  pstrongThe questionstrongp  pIm experiencing serious performance issues while rendering MVC views. Rendering a view with just two lines of text takes 3.75 seconds according to browser consoles, tested in Chrome and Internet Explorer by accessing InnholdManglerp  pThe application is running in a production environment built in Release mode with  in Web.configp  pWhat on Earth is the reason for this severe performance issue Im starting to run out of ideas here.p  pCode is attached below.p  pIve got the following view called Feilp  precode     ViewBag.Title  Feil     Layout     lth2gtFeillth2gt ltpregtViewBag.Exceptionltpregt codepre  pIve got the following action called Mangler in the controller Innholdp  precodepublic ActionResult Mangler      ViewBag.Exception  Det er ikke konfigurert noen nettside for denne lenken.     ViewBag.Title  404     ViewBag.WebsiteID  0      return ViewViewsSharedFeil.cshtml  codepre  pIve cleared and added the only ViewEngine I need aswell as specified the only file extension I need in ApplicationStart in Global.asax.csp  precodeprotected void ApplicationStart      AreaRegistration.RegisterAllAreas      WebApiConfig.RegisterGlobalConfiguration.Configuration     FilterConfig.RegisterGlobalFiltersGlobalFilters.Filters     RouteConfig.RegisterRoutesRouteTable.Routes      ViewEngines.Engines.Clear     ViewEngines.Engines.Addnew RazorViewEngine  FileExtensions  new string[]  cshtml    codepre
Negative 3262 pMy CoreData application uses two Date fields to store date information. I am using UIDatePicker to select the date. When I am doing the validation for these two attributes, I can see that the Date attributes are not modified until the ManagedObject is saved. p  pHow can update these Date attributes as soon as the the DatePicker values are changedp  precode BOOLvalidateStartDateid ioValue errorNSError outError      NSDate inputDate  ioValue     if [inputDate compareself.endDate]  NSOrderedDescending         if outError  NULL           Error handling                 return NO        return YES    BOOLvalidateEndDateid ioValue errorNSError outError      NSDate inputDate  ioValue      if [inputDate compareself.startDate]  NSOrderedAscending          if outError  NULL               Error handling                   return NO            return YES  codepre  pThis is the code I am using to validate both Start and End date. Here I want to save Start or End date every time a user changes it. So that the validation will work properly. p
Negative 3262 pEver since I updated my Android Studio to its 0.3.0 incarnation, this is the very first time Ive created a project in it previously, all I did was maintenance of already existing projects and, much to my horror, something seems amiss with either Gradle or importing libs in general.p  pFirst of all, gone are all the options to mess around with Project Settings, I understand this is supposedly by design, so I dont break something, but what if Gradle isnt properly detecting the jars in my libs folder As it stands, doesnt matter what I add there, its never recognized by Android Studio.p  pAnother issue Im having is when importing modules, such as the Facebook SDK, I go over to the modules screen and import it and add it to my main modules dependencies.p  pIt all works fine and well in the compiler, with autocomplete working as a clockwork. However, when its time to build and run the application, the whole thing fails and I get an Error Gradle package com.facebook does not exist.p  pAnd this even happens if all I do is import the library, not even making any actual use of it but again, the compiler sees absolutely no issues.p  pAnyone knows how to fix these errors and what can be done Importing both jars and modules are of utmost importance for my app and I simply cannot finish it without them.p
Negative 3262 pUnfortunately I am getting a Too many input arguments. error from performing this callp  precode[varargout1nargout]pcavarargin1,Algorithm,svd,Economy,fEconomy codepre  pon the function that has signature as followsp  precodefunction [coeff, score, latent, tsquared, explained, mu]  pcax,varargin codepre  pI am calling princomp in this wayp  precode[pc,score,latent,tsquare]  princompdata codepre  pAny idea of what might be the cause the bug appears in emprincomp.mem of the emstatsem packagep
Negative 3262 pright now I am doing WebAPI and as we know each controller will have its own url. Do have option to change those url what ever we like. Per example below urls are current Web API.p  precodeDo we really want to use mixed case in urls              httplocalhost8282apiencode              httplocalhost8282apitechdisciplines              httplocalhost8282apimemstatus              httplocalhost8282apiisstaff codepre  pWant to change them to below url with changing major code effect. Just changing data annotation. p  precode          httplocalhost8282apicusencodeltcustomer idgt          httplocalhost8282apicusdisciplineslttokengt          httplocalhost8282apicusmemstatuslttokengt          httplocalhost8282apicusisstafflttokengt codepre  pLike Java has which automatically find the method. p  precode    PathcustomeriConstitsubscriptions     public Response getSubscriptionsPathParamiConstit String customerId                                ....                           ... codepre
Negative 3262 pIve found the following line in a query and no matter how many ways I think about it I dont understand what its intended to do... Could you please help me to understand why this would be in a where clause and how it reads in pseudo codep  precode      DATEADDyear,                            DATEDIFFyear, Convertdatetime,upvHD.PropertyVal, GETDATE,              Convertdatetime,upvHD.PropertyVal                gt GETDATE codepre
Negative 3262 pAm getting a Java Linkage error when am browsing through the JSF application pages. The application is been deployed in Jbosseap 5.1 p  pError tracep  precode20131030 141654,559 SEVERE [javax.enterprise.resource.webcontainer.jsf.application] httplocalhost2F127.0.0.180804     java.lang.LinkageError loader constraint violation         when resolving field NODESET the class loader instance of orgjbossclassloaderspibaseBaseClassLoader of the referring class, javaxxmlxpathXPathConstants,         and the class loader instance of ltbootloadergt for the fields resolved type, javaxxmlnamespaceQName, have different Class objects for that type javax.faces.el.EvaluationException java.lang.LinkageError loader constraint violation when resolving field NODESET the class loader instance of orgjbossclassloaderspibaseBaseClassLoader of the referring class, javaxxmlxpathXPathConstants, and the class loader instance of ltbootloadergt for the fields resolved type, javaxxmlnamespaceQName, have different Class objects for that type     at com.sun.faces.application.MethodBindingMethodExpressionAdapter.invokeMethodBindingMethodExpressionAdapter.java102     at com.sun.faces.application.ActionListenerImpl.processActionActionListenerImpl.java102 codepre  pCould you please suggest what might me the possible cause or if any one had faced a similar issue, how to resolve it Thanks in advance, rdgs, RKp
Negative 3262 pMy question is whether Linux kernel contains codelibc.so.6code After googling and going through different links, we found that codelibc.so.6code, is not a part of Linux kernel, as kernel has same libraries implemented for its own use in kernel space. codelibc.so.6code is a user space library. But, still, the question was left, if the libc.so.6 is removed from lib, it crashes, as all the basic applications of Linux crashes.p  pSo, the basic questions were left onp  ol liCan linux run without codelibc.so.6code If yes, where such implementation is usedli liWho provides codelibc.so.6code Is it provided by Linux distributions onlyli liDoes linux internally supports threading or not li ol
Negative 3262 pIt cost me a whole night to debug my code, and I finally found this tricky problem. Please take a look at the code below.p  precodefrom multiprocessing import Pool  def myfuncx     return [i for i in rangex]  poolPool  A[] r  pool.mapasyncmyfunc, 1,2, callbackA.extend r.wait codepre  pI thought I would get A[0,0,1], but the output is A[[0],[0,1]]. This does not make sense to me because if I have A[], A.extend[0] and A.extend[0,1] will give me A[0,0,1]. Probably the callback works in a different way. So my question is how to get A[0,0,1] instead of [[0],[0,1]]  Thank you in advance for any comments.p
Negative 3262 pAfter refactoring a WCF service, the service throws an error saying that it cant find a library that its no longer supposed to use. The reference to the DLL has been removed from the projects references, its not in the config files, and looking through the XML of the code.csprojcode files, theres no artifact reference. The solution has also been cleaned and rebuilt multiple times, the IIS server on which its running has been restarted, its app pool recycled, and I even found the code.cachecode files in the Debug folder and yet, the app is still complaining that it cant find the DLL its no longer supposed to use.p  pWhere else could a reference possibly be hiding and what can I do not to have to reassemble the service file by file, project by project, or calling some sort of .NET exorcist to ensure that the offending DLL isnt there anymorep
Negative 3262 pImagine Im writing a menuplanner in Excel for my kids easier to describe than my actual problem ...p  pI have a list of available foods apples, bananas, carrots, dates, eggs, fish, etc.p  pI have a list of kids John, Karen, Lional, Mike, etc.p  pThen, I have a simple table that lists the food each kid likes  Under Johns column there will be an x against apples, bananas and fish, but blanks against the others.p  precode     J  K  L  M  a    x  x  x b    x     x c       x  x  x d       x e          x  x f    x codepre  pNow, in the main part of my menuplanner, I want to have some cells with data validation that allow me to select food for each kid, using the above likes tablep  precodeName  Food A2    B2 codepre  pCell A2 will contain data validation that gives an incell dropdown with all kids names J, K, L, M thats easy  I can do that bitp  pCell B2 needs to contain a dynamically generated list of foods that are liked by the selected kid.  So, if I select John in A2, then B2 list would be a, b, f.  If I select Lionel, B2 list would be a, b, c, e.  Clearly, as my kids tastes change, I can just update my likes table by addingremoving x, and the dropdowns in B2 will autoupdate.p  pHow do I create the dropdown validation list for cell B2 Id prefer to do this without resorting to VBA pleasep
Negative 3262 pIve been looking around and trying out different things but cant figure it out. Is it possible to hide an angularui tooltip with a certain eventp  pWhat I want to do is to show a tooltip when someone hovers over a div and close it when a users clicks on it because I will show another popup. I tried it with custom trigger events but cant seem to get it working. I made thisp  precodeltdiv ngappsomeApp ngcontrollerMainCtrl classlikes tooltipshow favorites     tooltiptriggertrue mouseenter, false hideonclick[showTooltip] ngclickdoSomethinggtlikesltdivgt  var app  angular.modulesomeApp, [ui.bootstrap]  app.config[tooltipProvider, functiontooltipProvider  tooltipProvider.setTriggers   mouseenter mouseleave,   click click,   focus blur,   hideonclick click   ]  app.controllerMainCtrl, function scope   scope.showTooltip  true  scope.likes  999   scope.doSomething  function     hide the tooltip     scope.showTooltip  false                                        codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.net3ywMdhttpjsfiddle.net3ywMdap  pThe tooltip has to close on first click and not the 2nd. Any idea how to close the tooltip if user clicks on divp
Negative 3262 pI m trying to port my firefox plugin to chrome and here is my sample code.p  pFile myscript.js partialp  precode. . function init    .   .   .  function myFuncinp, option    .   .   .   chrome.extension.onMessage.addListenerfunction message, sender, response      switch message          case ITRANS             console.logITRANS             if document.getSelection.baseNode  null                  init                 window.modifySelectionmyFuncwindow.getSelection.toString, 0                           break         case Devanagari             console.logDevanagari             if document.getSelection.baseNode  null                  init                 window.modifySelectionmyFuncwindow.getSelection.toString, 1                           break         default             console.logDefault       codepre  pFile background.jsp  precodevar selectionuniv  chrome.contextMenus.create     title INDIC 2 ITRANS,     id ITRANS,     onclick reportclick,     contexts [selection] , function       console.logContext Menu 1 ITRANS  var selectionuniv  chrome.contextMenus.create     title Eng 2 Devanagari,     id Devanagari,     onclick reportclick,     contexts [selection] , function       console.logContext Menu 2 Devanagari   function reportclickinfo, tab      switch info.menuItemId          case ITRANS         console.logBG ITRANS             chrome.tabs.sendMessagetab.id, ITRANS             break         case Devanagari         console.logBG Devanagari             chrome.tabs.sendMessagetab.id, Devanagari             break         default             console.logBG Default       codepre  pFile manifest.jsonp  precode   name Parivartan,   version 0.8.2,   manifestversion 2,   permissions[     contextMenus,     ltallurlsgt,     tabs   ],   contentscripts [            matches [ltallurlsgt],       js [myscript.js],       allframes true        ],   background      scripts [background.js]      codepre  pI am not able to figure out few things.p  p1 Where should my init function which should run only once to inititialize my plugin globals be placed.p  p2 Replace the selected text with the output of a function.     The above code does not work says modifySelection not found.p  p3 How can call my functions if they are in a different file2.js file.     At present I placed all my functions in a single file myscript.js.p  p4 How can I create menu within a menu.p  pI tried to search on google but could not find solutions to the above. Can anyone please help me.p  pMohanp
Negative 3262 pIve got a dataframe that looks likep  precodedfltdata.frameDateas.Datec060810,060910,061010,061110,061310,closedthisyearcumgvc3,5,6,7,NA,openedthisyearcumgvc2,5,6,8,10,closedlastyearcumgvc5,6,7,8,10,openedlastyearcumgvc5,6,8,10,NA codepre  pand have this framework for a plot using ggplot2p  precodeggplotdf, aesxDate   geomlineaesyclosedthisyearcumgv, colorblue,linetypedashed   geomlineaesyopenedthisyearcumgv, colorblue   geomlineaesyclosedlastyearcumgv, colorred,linetypedashed   geomlineaesyopenedlastyearcumgv, colorred   xlabDate   ylabMillions of Dollars   ggtitleCummulative Sum of TGV for Opened and Closed Cases  2013 vs. 2012 codepre  pI tried this with the sample data but for some reason the lines arent showing up theyre showing up with my real data. I want the NAs to not be graphed, which is why they arent 0.p  pIn my real data, it graphs, but the legend title has blue and its contents are blue and red as labels. I want them to be labeled by year and openedclosed. Ive tried various methods but nothing seems to override the legend.p  pHow do I control the legend title and labelsp  pEdit changed to class Datep
Negative 3262 pmy first question exiting.....p  pim buizy with a new CMS and im getting this error.....p  precodeNotice Undefined variable config in Cxampphtdocsglobal.php on line 13 codepre  pI checked my code twice, but it seems like nothing is wrong to me if someone of you sees it please answer the question...p  pHere is my global.phpp  precodeltphp sessionstart   Config requireonce incconfig.php   Classes  requireonce incclassesclass.tpl.php   Database connectie via MySQLi  db  new mysqliconfig[database][host], config[database][user], config[database][pass], config[database][name]  ifdbgtconnecterror     diePik, zet je database eens goed   gt codepre  pThanx for your time...p  pEDIT p  pMy config.phpp  precodeltphp CONFIG[database][host]  localhost CONFIG[database][username]  root CONFIG[database][pass]  assembla1 CONFIG[database][database]  data gt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a subclass of PFQueryTableViewController that I am trying to show in a container view as a subview.  My problem is that I cannot get the custom cells to show in the tableview.  I have verified the following via debuggingp  ul liThe tableview is being added to the parent viewli liThe tableview is a PFQueryTableView Controller as it includes the default pull to refreshli liThe PFQuery is returning the correct number of objectsli liThe CellForRowAtIndexPath method is being called and iterating through the correct number of timesli liThe correct data from Parse is being passed to the different labels in the cells li liThe labels are connected via IBOulets in my subclass of UITableViewCell.  When I am trying to access the labels it is working correctly as it accesses the subclass and labelli ul  pI have everything working here correctly except that the cell actually shows up  What am I missingp  pThis is my cellForRowAtIndexPath codep  precode     UITableViewCell tableViewUITableView tableView cellForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath objectPFObject object       static NSString CellIdentifier  RoundCell      RoundCell   cell  [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifier CellIdentifier]      if cell  nil              cell  [[RoundCell alloc] initWithStyleUITableViewCellStyleDefault reuseIdentifierCellIdentifier]             get string values from Parse      NSString  teeString [object objectForKeyroundTee]      NSString courseString  [object objectForKeyroundCourse]          NSString  courseString2  [[courseString stringByAppendingString  ]stringByAppendingStringteeString]      NSString  dateString  [object objectForKeyroundDate]      NSString  scoreString  [object objectForKeyroundScore]     NSString  differentialString  [object objectForKeyroundDifferential]       cell.courseNameCell.text  courseString2     cell.dateCell.text  dateString     cell.scoreCell.text scoreString     cell.differentialCell.textdifferentialString      return cell   codepre
Negative 3262 pi have these datasp  precodex    y    z    vx   vy   vz  1    2    3    4    5    6  6    5    2    6    8    7 codepre  pin .txt file. x,y,z defines points and vx,vy,vz defines vectors from the points. How can I draw it in 3D graph MATLAB R2012p  pi have more data in the txt file, it is just an example, how the datas look in the txt file.p
Negative 3262 pThis is an example program am trying. p  pI am dealing with Items  Single or Multip  precodepublic interface IItemltTgt       T getContents        An item that holds a Map and uses it for something   public class SingleItem implements IItemltMapltString,Stringgtgt      . . . . .    An item that holds a List of maps and uses it for something   public class MultiItem implements IItemltListltMapltString,Stringgtgtgt      . . . . .  codepre  pProducers that can produce SingleItems or MultiItemsp  precodepublic interface IProducerltTgt       T produce   public class SingleItemProducer implements IProducerltSingleItemgt       Override     public SingleItem produce          return new SingleItem...        public class MultiItemProducer implements IProducerltMultiItemgt      . . . . .      . . . . .  codepre  pConsumers that can consume SingleItems or MultiItemsp  precodepublic interface IConsumerltTgt      void consumeT item   public class SingleItemConsumer implements IConsumerltSingleItemgt       Override     public void consumeSingleItem item            System.out.printlnitem.getContents        public class MultiItemConsumer implements IConsumerltMultiItemgt      . . . . .     . . . . .       codepre  pProcessors that will use Producers amp Consumers to get the work done.p  precodepublic interface IProcessorltTgt      void process     void processT item    A generic processor that should be able to work with any type of consumer or producer  public class GenericItemProcessor implements IProcessorltIItemlt extends Objectgtgt       IProducerltIItemlt extends Objectgtgt producer     IConsumerltIItemlt extends Objectgtgt consumer      public GenericItemProcessor IProducerltIItemlt extends Objectgtgt p, IConsumerltIItemlt extends Objectgtgt c          this.producer  p         this.consumer  c           Override     public void process          IItemlt extends Objectgt item  null          As long the producer produces items, keep processing them         while item  producer.produce  null              this.processitem                    Override     public void processIItemlt extends Objectgt item          consumer.consumeitem       codepre  pAnd, in the main program, when I try this,p  precodeIProducerltSingleItemgt producer  new SingleItemProducer IConsumerltSingleItemgt consumer new SingleItemConsumer IProcessorltIItemlt extends Objectgtgt processor  new GenericItemProcessorproducer, consumer codepre  pIt says I cant do the last assignment. p  precodeException in thread main java.lang.Error Unresolved compilation problem      The constructor GenericItemProcessorIProducerltSingleItemgt, IConsumerltSingleItemgt is undefined codepre  pOf course, this would work,p  precodeIProcessorltSingleItemgt processor  new GenericItemProcessorproducer, consumer codepre  pIf I replace all occurances of codeIItemlt extends Objectgtcode with codeSingleItemcode inside codeGenericItemProcessorcode.p  pBut the problem with that is that I have to create a processor to process each item type, which looks like it would defeat the purpose of having a Generic Typed processor.p  pMay be am missing something obvious here, but, how can this be done correctly  Would appreciate some advice.p
Negative 3262 pIn order to generalize a function, I found myself using null. But I cant figure out how to refactor to remove it. Heres the code snipp  precodetrait ContextSwitch    def appropriateContextimplicit context ActorContext  null, system ActorSystem  null ActorRefFactory        val either Either[ActorContext, ActorSystem]  if context  null Leftcontext else Rightsystem     val refProvider  either.fold[ActorRefFactory]ac gt ac, as gt as     refProvider     codepre  pThe idea is that I am now able to call thisp  precodeappropriateContext.actorOfProps[Actor] codepre  pand it works no matter the context. Which makes my other functions that depend on it testable since tests are at the system level while the functions are usually deployed on actors where only context is availablep  pThe function works, but how can I get rid of the nullsp
Negative 3262 pThe documentation on GeoAlchemy2 doesnt seem fully featured as compared to the pervious version.p  pI have a modelp  precodeclass AddressCodeBase     tablename  addresscodes     id  ColumnInteger, primarykeyTrue     code  ColumnUnicode34     geometry  ColumnGeometryPOINT codepre  pAnd I want to store latlong data, which I tried to save in the above model, examplep  precode51.42553,0.666085 codepre  pWhich gives me the errorp  precodeParse error at position 9 within Geometry the , char codepre  pAnyone able to shed some light on where I am going wrong herep  pAlso on the subject, how would I peform a query to say..p  pShow nearest 20 usersp  precodeclass AddressCodeBase     tablename  addresscodes     id  ColumnInteger, primarykeyTrue     name  ColumnUnicode34     geometry  ColumnGeometryPOINT codepre  pSomething likep  precodegeomvar  51.42553,0.666085 Session.queryUser.filterfunc.STDWithin, 20, geomvar.all codepre
Negative 3262 pUsing SQLite is there a way of using the LIKE command where the search parameter could find results that would be considered a substring of itself p  pie. a search parameter of delicious and tasty fruit and cinnamon. could return delicious and tasty in a DESC order by length so that if delicious was also a returned result it would show up last.p  psearching for delicious and tasty fruit and cinnamon. could return...p  precode delicious and tasty fruit  delicious and tasty  delicious codepre
Negative 3262 pI have done thisp  precodeheroku pgbackupscapture  heroku pgbackupsurl  downloaded file from url obtained from above result  Created psql db abc codepre  pRan this comamnd locallyp  precodepgrestore verbose clean noacl noowner U uname d abc  Downloadsb001.dump codepre  poutputp  precodepgrestore connecting to database for restore pgrestore implied dataonly restore codepre  pI have loaded in 2ways. First created db, and directly ran pgrestore command. Then no tables created.p  pThen, thinking that dump contains only data, I have run migrationsmeans create table structure on the new created db and ran pgrestore command. But still table data is empty.p
Negative 3262 pI want to create a word guessing game where the program randomly selects a word from my word list and the user has to guess the word.p  ul liUser can only guess one letter at a time.li liUser is only allowed to have 6 failed guesses. Loses when 6 failed attempts are used.li liUser wins if he guess the complete word before 6 failed attempts is used.li ul  pSo Im facing quite a number of problems with my programp  ol liHow do I make the guessed letter stay on the blanks when it goes to the next round of guessli liIf the word has two of the same letters, how do I display it on my blanks too li liHow do I show all the users missed letters for each roundli ol  pHeres what I did so farp  precodeimport random  wordlist  [giraffe,dolphin,             pineapple,durian,             blue,purple,              heart,rectangle]  Obtain random word randWord  random.choicewordlist  Determine length of random word and display number of blanks blanks     lenrandWord print  print Word ,blanks   Set number of failed attempts count  6  Obtain guess while True     print      guess  input Please make a guess         if lenguess  1         print Please guess one letter at a time     elif guess not in abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz        print Please only guess letters  Check if guess is found in random word     for letters in randWord         if guess  letters             letterIndex  randWord.indexguess             newBlanks  blanks[letterIndex2]  guess  blanks[letterIndex21]             print Guess is correct         else             count 1             print Guess is wrong , count,  more failed attempts allowed.     print      printWord ,newBlanks  codepre  pThe results I hope to obtain for randWord purplebrp  precodeWord        Missed  Please make a guess l Guess is correct   Word     l   Missed Please make a guess z Guess is wrong 5 more failed attempts allowed.   Word     l   Missed z Please make a guess o Guess is wrong 4 more failed attempts allowed.   Word     l   Missed z, o Please make a guess p Guess is correct   Word p   p l   Missed z, o Please make a guess e Guess is correct   Word p   p l e  Missed z, o Please make a guess r Guess is correct   Word p  r p l e  Missed z, o Please make a guess u Guess is correct   Word p u r p l e  YOU WON  codepre  pPlease do helpp
Negative 3262 precodeString query  DElETE from Photo where pId  id and photoName  name getSession.createQueryquery.setParameterid, id .setParametername, name.executeUpdate codepre  pThe above does not work when it executes from my app. the query I got from this is,p  precodedelete from photo where id  77 and photoname  77HollywoodStar.jpg codepre  pi even used p  blockquote   pcreateSQLQuerydelete from photo where id  77 and photoname  77HollywoodStar.jpg p blockquote  pbut no usep  pThe above works when I run this in mysql.  p
Negative 3262 pI know this may sound like a basic question but the truth is Im not that of an expert with animations and its hard to calculate the math from x and y. So, I would like to know how to make the glbanner div simply slide up after a 0.51 seconds and disappear and the content below it will be pushed up to its original position. What css properties do I use cssanimation transition How do I do itp  pP.S. I did some research on animations and I saw a lot of animations, advanced animations but couldnt find a simple slide up animation. A little help is appreciated Thanksp  pstrongHTML CODEstrongp  precodeltdiv idglbanner styledisplaynone visibilityhiddengtGood Luck ltdivgt                 ltform idquiz actiongrade.php methodpost stylevisibilityhiddengt                     ltQuestion 1gt                     lth3gt1. How many percent of modern camera phones use CMOSlth3gt                     ltdivgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion1answers idquestion1answersA valueA gt                         ltlabel forquestion1answersAgtA 20ltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion1answers idquestion1answersB valueB gt                         ltlabel forquestion1answersBgtB 80ltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion1answers idquestion1answersC valueC gt                         ltlabel forquestion1answersCgtC 50ltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion1answers idquestion1answersD valueD gt                         ltlabel forquestion1answersDgtD 90ltlabelgt                     ltdivgt                     ltQuestion 2gt                     lth3gt2. Which type of camera settings is best for greater control and flexibility in terms of focusing on a subjectlth3gt                     ltdivgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion2answers idquestion2answersA valueA gt                         ltlabel forquestion2answersAgtA Manual Focusltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion2answers idquestion2answersB valueB gt                         ltlabel forquestion2answersBgtB Auto Focusltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion2answers idquestion2answersC valueC gt                         ltlabel forquestion2answersCgtC Both A and Bltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion2answers idquestion2answersD valueD gt                         ltlabel forquestion2answersDgtD Neitherltlabelgt                     ltdivgt                     ltQuestion 3gt                     lth3gt3. What are the three properties included in an exposure trianglelth3gt                     ltdivgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion3answers idquestion3answersA valueA gt                         ltlabel forquestion3answersAgtA White Balance, ISO, Low Lightltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion3answers idquestion3answersB valueB gt                         ltlabel forquestion3answersBgtB Shutter Speed, Exposure, ISOltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion3answers idquestion3answersC valueC gt                         ltlabel forquestion3answersCgtC Aperture, ISO, Exposureltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion3answers idquestion3answersD valueD gt                         ltlabel forquestion3answersDgtD ISO, Aperture, Shutter Speedltlabelgt                     ltdivgt                     ltQuestion 4gt                     lth3gt4. The higher the ISO, the more noise it produces in an image.lth3gt                     ltdivgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion4answers idquestion4answersA valueA gt                         ltlabel forquestion4answersAgtA Trueltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion4answers idquestion4answersB valueB gt                         ltlabel forquestion4answersBgtB Falseltlabelgt                     ltdivgt                     ltQuestion 5gt                     lth3gt5. What is the name of the smartphone youve seen all over this sitelth3gt                     ltdivgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion5answers idquestion5answersA valueA gt                         ltlabel forquestion5answersAgtA Nokia Pureview 808ltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion5answers idquestion5answersB valueB gt                         ltlabel forquestion5answersBgtB Nokia Lumia 1020ltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion5answers idquestion5answersC valueC gt                         ltlabel forquestion5answersCgtC Nokia Lumia 925ltlabelgt                         ltbrgt                         ltinput typeradio namequestion5answers idquestion5answersD valueD gt                         ltlabel forquestion5answersDgtD Nokia Lumia 920ltlabelgt                     ltdivgt                     ltbr gt                     lthr stylebordertop1px borderstylesolid bordercolor 000 gt                     ltinput stylecursorpointer typesubmit valueSubmit Quiz gt                 ltformgt codepre  pstrongJavaScript Codestrongp  precodefunction takeQuiz   hide the intro document.getElementByIdintro.style.display  none   display the quiz document.getElementByIdquiz.style.visibility  visible document.getElementByIdglbanner.style.display  block document.getElementByIdglbanner.style.visibility  visible   codepre
Negative 3262 pSo, I know that Ada offers two remainder operators, coderemcode and codemodcode, but what exactly is the difference between them I was able to find a hrefhttpen.wikibooks.orgwikiAdaProgrammingOperators relnofollowthisa, but Im not sure Im fully grasping the difference.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to create an code in Java to get the HMACSHA1 of an message with an key, and the result must match with the following openssl command line in UBUNTU emopenssl dgst sha1 hmac keyinhex filename.filemp  pI have the following code in Javap  precodeprivate static MessageDigest md private static byte[] XorKeyIpad, XorKeyOpad  private static final byte ipad  0x36 private static final byte opad  0x5c private static final byte maxsize  64  public static void HMACSHA1String msg, String keyString throws NoSuchAlgorithmException, UnsupportedEncodingException       int i     String keyHex  toHexkeyString     byte[] keyByte  keyHex.getBytes     md  MessageDigest.getInstanceSHA1      Verify if the Key have the right size     if keyByte.length gt maxsize          keyByte  md.digestkeyByte         md.reset          System.out.printlnKeyByte   keyByte   Length   keyByte.length      XOR between Key and ipad     XorKeyIpad  new byte[maxsize]     for i  0 i lt keyByte.length i          XorKeyIpad[i]  byte keyByte[i]  ipad          System.out.printlnXorKeyIpad   XorKeyIpad    Ipad   ipad     md.updateXorKeyIpad     XorKeyIpad  md.digestXorKeyIpad              Concat the XOR between Key and ipad with the message     String concatXorKIM  concatByteStringXorKeyIpad, msg       SHA1 of the concat the XOR between Key and ipad with the messagewhich i call X     md.updateconcatXorKIM.getBytes     byte[] hashConcatXorKIM  md.digest     md.reset       XOR between Key and opadwhich i call Y     XorKeyOpad  new byte[maxsize]     for i  0 i lt keyByte.length i          XorKeyOpad[i]  byte keyByte[i]  opad           Concat between X and Y     byte[] concatHashXorKIXorKO  concatByteBytehashConcatXorKIM, XorKeyOpad      SHA1 of the variable concatHashXorKIXorKO     md.updateconcatHashXorKIXorKO     byte[] hmac  md.digest     md.reset    public static String toHexString arg throws UnsupportedEncodingException      return String.format040x, new BigInteger1, arg.getBytesUTF8   public static String concatByteStringfinal byte[] bytes, final String str      final StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder     for byte b  bytes          sb.appendb          sb.appendstr     return sb.toString   public static byte[] concatByteBytefinal byte[] byteOne, final byte[] byteTwo      byte[] concatBytes  new byte[byteOne.length  byteTwo.length]     System.arraycopybyteOne, 0, concatBytes, 0, byteOne.length     System.arraycopybyteTwo, 0, concatBytes, byteOne.length, byteTwo.length      return concatBytes   final protected static char[] hexArray  0123456789ABCDEF.toCharArray  public static String bytesToHexbyte[] bytes      char[] hexChars  new char[bytes.length  2]     int v     for int j  0 j lt bytes.length j          v  bytes[j] amp 0xFF         hexChars[j  2]  hexArray[v gtgtgt 4]         hexChars[j  2  1]  hexArray[v amp 0x0F]          return new StringhexChars  codepre  pThe two results are different which means im doing something wrong.p  pCan someone help mep  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pstrongHow to execute maven commands with Spring STS manuallystrongp  pI use Spring STS with buildin Maven using Linux. I need to add jar manually. I found that I need to do it by executing this commandp  precodemvn installinstallfile DgroupIdcom.oracle DartifactIdojdbc14 Dversion10.2.0.1.0 Dpackagingjar Dfileojdbc14.jar DgeneratePomtrue codepre  pIt is possible to do it through windows cmd. However, by using terminal in linux I receive outputp  precodeThe program mvn can be found in the following packages   maven   maven2 Try aptget install ltselected packagegt codepre  pI dont need install another Maven when Spring STS works with an internal Maven. p  pstrongHow to redirect terminal to use internal Maven in Spring STS strongp  pOn the top of my head I think to edit MAVENHOME, but I am beginner and I prefer to ask you guys first.p
Negative 3262 pI want to start an activity from a static java method on an android device. I do not have any context or anything passed as parameter to the static function. For starting the activity I must call startActivity with the current running method as this pointer. So is there a way to get the current running activityp
Negative 3262 pI try to test PhoneGap Social Sharing plugin for Android, a hrefhttpsgithub.comEddyVerbruggenSocialSharingPhoneGapPlugin relnofollowhttpsgithub.comEddyVerbruggenSocialSharingPhoneGapPlugina.p  ptry to install with this code  cordova plugin add a hrefhttpsgithub.comEddyVerbruggenSocialSharingPhoneGapPlugin.git relnofollowhttpsgithub.comEddyVerbruggenSocialSharingPhoneGapPlugin.gitap  pand then  cordova preparep  pafter that I lost all my project files, so bad luck i dont backup or use version control and no files in recycle bin.p  panyone can help me to rollback my project p  pthank you from stupid me.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to deliver a local notification, it looks something like thisp  precodeNSUserNotification notification  [[NSUserNotification alloc] init] set title, subtitle, and sound [[NSUserNotificationCenter defaultUserNotificationCenter] deliverNotificationnotification] codepre  pBut the notification doesnt appear. I know sometimes notifications are not presented if the app is frontmost but at the time of delivery its not. In system preferences I made sure that notifications from my app are allowed, and I even overrode the userNotificationCentershouldPresentNotification method to always return YES but it still doesnt present the notification. p  pWhat is most confusing is that everything was working fine until I updated to Mavericks. I suppose something has changed in the update but I cant figure out what. p  pThanks for the help. p
Negative 3262 pI have a list of nested tuples in which the second element is na floatp  precodel  [drink, [vodka, 9.2, beer, 6.3, alcohol, 5.4, gin, 2.1, liquid],  evict, [tenant, 66.0, squatter, 2.75, owner, 1.1, bum, 1.0, deadbeat, 1.0]] codepre  pI want to sum the three first items on the list, and append the result to the beginning, like thisp  precodel  [drink, 20.9 [vodka, 9.2, beer, 6.3, alcohol, 5.4, gin, 2.1],  evict, 69.75 [tenant, 66.0, squatter, 2.75, bum, 1.0, deadbeat, 1.0]] codepre  pI am using the code belowp  precodesortedbysum[] for t in l     tup[t[0]]     tup.appendt[1]     tup.appendsumfloatx for x in t[0][162]     sortedbysum.appendtupletup codepre  pBut I am getting the mistakep  precodeValueError could not convert string to float a codepre  pAny hints on what how to correct this I thank you very much in advance. p
Negative 3262 pWhere is codeissetcode or codearraykeyexistcode suitable to use p  pIn my case both are working.p  precodeif isset array[index]      Do something        if arraykeyexists index, array      Do something  codepre
Negative 3262 pIm wanting to set my ipod as a trusted bluetooth device on my raspberry pi running raspian via command line using blueztools.p  pOn Ubuntu I run p  precodebtdevice set 283737B51AB5 Trusted 1 codepre  pThe output isp  precodeTrusted 0 gt 1 codepre  pbrp  pOn my Raspberry pi the same btdevice commend is entered the following is outputp  precodebtdevice bluez service is not found Did you forget to run bluetoothd codepre  pI have run the commandp  precodebluetoothd codepre  pon my Raspberry Pi, it seems to be running.p  pThe Raspberry is running bluez Version 4.992, and blueztools Version 0.1.38git662e3p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pHi I actually followed this link for creating a gauge view.p  pa hrefhttpmindtherobot.comblog272androidcustomuimakingavintagethermometer relnofollowhttpmindtherobot.comblog272androidcustomuimakingavintagethermometerap  pBut when I run the code in the emulator, the readings of the gauge turn out to be zero and I am not able to figure out why. Any clues on what could have gone wrong I printed the i values of the function drawscale and they turn out to be fine but the reading in the gaugeview when I run the emulator always is zero. p  precode      package com.mindtherobot.samples.thermometer         import java.util.List       import android.content.Context      import android.graphics.Bitmap      import android.graphics.BitmapFactory      import android.graphics.BitmapShader      import android.graphics.Canvas      import android.graphics.Color      import android.graphics.LightingColorFilter      import android.graphics.LinearGradient      import android.graphics.Matrix      import android.graphics.Paint      import android.graphics.Path      import android.graphics.RadialGradient      import android.graphics.RectF      import android.graphics.Shader      import android.graphics.Typeface      import android.hardware.Sensor      import android.hardware.SensorEvent      import android.hardware.SensorEventListener      import android.hardware.SensorManager       import android.os.Bundle       import android.os.Handler     import android.os.Parcelable     import android.util.AttributeSet     import android.util.Log     import android.view.View      public final class Thermometer extends View implements SensorEventListener   private static final String TAG  Thermometer.class.getSimpleName  private Handler handler   drawing tools private RectF rimRect private Paint rimPaint private Paint rimCirclePaint  private RectF faceRect private Bitmap faceTexture private Paint facePaint private Paint rimShadowPaint  private Paint scalePaint private RectF scaleRect  private Paint titlePaint    private Path titlePath  private Paint logoPaint private Bitmap logo private Matrix logoMatrix private float logoScale  private Paint handPaint private Path handPath private Paint handScrewPaint  private Paint backgroundPaint   end drawing tools  private Bitmap background  holds the cached static part   scale configuration   private int totalNotches  100 private int incrementPerLargeNotch  10 private int incrementPerSmallNotch  2 private float degreesPerNotch  360.0f  totalNotches    private int scaleCenterValue  40  the one in the top center 12 oclock private int scaleMinValue  30 private int scaleMaxValue  110   hand dynamics  all are angular expressed in F degrees private boolean handInitialized  false private float handPosition  scaleCenterValue private float handTarget  scaleCenterValue private float handVelocity  0.0f private float handAcceleration  0.0f private long lastHandMoveTime  1L   public ThermometerContext context      supercontext     init   public ThermometerContext context, AttributeSet attrs      supercontext, attrs     init   public ThermometerContext context, AttributeSet attrs, int defStyle      supercontext, attrs, defStyle     init   Override protected void onAttachedToWindow      super.onAttachedToWindow     attachToSensor   Override protected void onDetachedFromWindow      detachFromSensor     super.onDetachedFromWindow   Override protected void onRestoreInstanceStateParcelable state      Bundle bundle  Bundle state     Parcelable superState  bundle.getParcelablesuperState     super.onRestoreInstanceStatesuperState      handInitialized  bundle.getBooleanhandInitialized     handPosition  bundle.getFloathandPosition     handTarget  bundle.getFloathandTarget     handVelocity  bundle.getFloathandVelocity     handAcceleration  bundle.getFloathandAcceleration     lastHandMoveTime  bundle.getLonglastHandMoveTime   Override protected Parcelable onSaveInstanceState      Parcelable superState  super.onSaveInstanceState      Bundle state  new Bundle     state.putParcelablesuperState, superState     state.putBooleanhandInitialized, handInitialized     state.putFloathandPosition, handPosition     state.putFloathandTarget, handTarget     state.putFloathandVelocity, handVelocity     state.putFloathandAcceleration, handAcceleration     state.putLonglastHandMoveTime, lastHandMoveTime     return state   private void init      handler  new Handler      initDrawingTools   private String getTitle      return mindtherobot.com   private SensorManager getSensorManager      return SensorManager getContext.getSystemServiceContext.SENSORSERVICE          private void attachToSensor      SensorManager sensorManager  getSensorManager      ListltSensorgt sensors  sensorManager.getSensorListSensor.TYPETEMPERATURE     if sensors.size gt 0          Sensor sensor  sensors.get0         sensorManager.registerListenerthis, sensor, SensorManager.SENSORDELAYFASTEST, handler      else          Log.eTAG, No temperature sensor found               private void detachFromSensor      SensorManager sensorManager  getSensorManager     sensorManager.unregisterListenerthis   private void initDrawingTools      rimRect  new RectF0.1f, 0.1f, 0.9f, 0.9f       the linear gradient is a bit skewed for realism     rimPaint  new Paint     rimPaint.setFlagsPaint.ANTIALIASFLAG     rimPaint.setShadernew LinearGradient0.40f, 0.0f, 0.60f, 1.0f,                                         Color.rgb0xf0, 0xf5, 0xf0,                                        Color.rgb0x30, 0x31, 0x30,                                        Shader.TileMode.CLAMP           rimCirclePaint  new Paint     rimCirclePaint.setAntiAliastrue     rimCirclePaint.setStylePaint.Style.STROKE     rimCirclePaint.setColorColor.argb0x4f, 0x33, 0x36, 0x33     rimCirclePaint.setStrokeWidth0.005f      float rimSize  0.02f     faceRect  new RectF     faceRect.setrimRect.left  rimSize, rimRect.top  rimSize,               rimRect.right  rimSize, rimRect.bottom  rimSize              faceTexture  BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetContext.getResources,                 R.drawable.plastic     BitmapShader paperShader  new BitmapShaderfaceTexture,                                                  Shader.TileMode.MIRROR,                                                  Shader.TileMode.MIRROR     Matrix paperMatrix  new Matrix     facePaint  new Paint     facePaint.setFilterBitmaptrue     paperMatrix.setScale1.0f  faceTexture.getWidth,                           1.0f  faceTexture.getHeight     paperShader.setLocalMatrixpaperMatrix     facePaint.setStylePaint.Style.FILL     facePaint.setShaderpaperShader      rimShadowPaint  new Paint     rimShadowPaint.setShadernew RadialGradient0.5f, 0.5f, faceRect.width  2.0f,                 new int[]  0x00000000, 0x00000500, 0x50000500 ,                new float[]  0.96f, 0.96f, 0.99f ,                Shader.TileMode.MIRROR     rimShadowPaint.setStylePaint.Style.FILL      scalePaint  new Paint     scalePaint.setStylePaint.Style.STROKE     scalePaint.setColor0x9f004d0f     scalePaint.setStrokeWidth0.005f     scalePaint.setAntiAliastrue      scalePaint.setTextSize0.045f     scalePaint.setTypefaceTypeface.SANSSERIF     scalePaint.setTextScaleX0.8f     scalePaint.setTextAlignPaint.Align.CENTER              float scalePosition  0.10f     scaleRect  new RectF     scaleRect.setfaceRect.left  scalePosition, faceRect.top  scalePosition,                   faceRect.right  scalePosition, faceRect.bottom  scalePosition      titlePaint  new Paint     titlePaint.setColor0xaf946109     titlePaint.setAntiAliastrue     titlePaint.setTypefaceTypeface.DEFAULTBOLD     titlePaint.setTextAlignPaint.Align.CENTER     titlePaint.setTextSize0.05f     titlePaint.setTextScaleX0.8f      titlePath  new Path     titlePath.addArcnew RectF0.24f, 0.24f, 0.76f, 0.76f, 180.0f, 180.0f      logoPaint  new Paint     logoPaint.setFilterBitmaptrue     logo  BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetContext.getResources, R.drawable.logo     logoMatrix  new Matrix     logoScale  1.0f  logo.getWidth  0.3f     logoMatrix.setScalelogoScale, logoScale      handPaint  new Paint     handPaint.setAntiAliastrue     handPaint.setColor0xff392f2c          handPaint.setShadowLayer0.01f, 0.005f, 0.005f, 0x7f000000     handPaint.setStylePaint.Style.FILL         handPath  new Path     handPath.moveTo0.5f, 0.5f  0.2f     handPath.lineTo0.5f  0.010f, 0.5f  0.2f  0.007f     handPath.lineTo0.5f  0.002f, 0.5f  0.32f     handPath.lineTo0.5f  0.002f, 0.5f  0.32f     handPath.lineTo0.5f  0.010f, 0.5f  0.2f  0.007f     handPath.lineTo0.5f, 0.5f  0.2f     handPath.addCircle0.5f, 0.5f, 0.025f, Path.Direction.CW      handScrewPaint  new Paint     handScrewPaint.setAntiAliastrue     handScrewPaint.setColor0xff493f3c     handScrewPaint.setStylePaint.Style.FILL      backgroundPaint  new Paint     backgroundPaint.setFilterBitmaptrue   Override protected void onMeasureint widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec      Log.dTAG, Width spec   MeasureSpec.toStringwidthMeasureSpec     Log.dTAG, Height spec   MeasureSpec.toStringheightMeasureSpec      int widthMode  MeasureSpec.getModewidthMeasureSpec     int widthSize  MeasureSpec.getSizewidthMeasureSpec      int heightMode  MeasureSpec.getModeheightMeasureSpec     int heightSize  MeasureSpec.getSizeheightMeasureSpec      int chosenWidth  chooseDimensionwidthMode, widthSize     int chosenHeight  chooseDimensionheightMode, heightSize      int chosenDimension  Math.minchosenWidth, chosenHeight      setMeasuredDimensionchosenDimension, chosenDimension   private int chooseDimensionint mode, int size      if mode  MeasureSpec.ATMOST  mode  MeasureSpec.EXACTLY          return size      else   mode  MeasureSpec.UNSPECIFIED         return getPreferredSize          in case there is no size specified private int getPreferredSize      return 300   private void drawRimCanvas canvas       first, draw the metallic body     canvas.drawOvalrimRect, rimPaint      now the outer rim circle     canvas.drawOvalrimRect, rimCirclePaint   private void drawFaceCanvas canvas            canvas.drawOvalfaceRect, facePaint      draw the inner rim circle     canvas.drawOvalfaceRect, rimCirclePaint      draw the rim shadow inside the face     canvas.drawOvalfaceRect, rimShadowPaint   private void drawScaleCanvas canvas       Draw a large notch every large increment, and a small      notch every small increment.      canvas.drawOvalscaleRect, scalePaint      canvas.saveCanvas.MATRIXSAVEFLAG     for int i  0 i lt totalNotches i          float y1  scaleRect.top         float y2  y1  0.015f         float y3  y1  0.025f         System.out.printlnThe value of i is i          int value  notchToValuei         System.out.printlnThe value of value is value         if i  incrementPerLargeNotchincrementPerSmallNotch  0              System.out.printlninside loop ii             if value gt scaleMinValue ampamp value lt scaleMaxValue                   draw a nick                 canvas.drawLine0.5f, y1, 0.5f, y3, scalePaint                  String valueString  Integer.toStringvalue                 System.out.printlnthe value of value string is valueString                  Draw the text 0.15 away from y3 which is the long nick.                 canvas.drawTextvalueString, 0.5f, y3  0.015f, scalePaint                               else             if value gt scaleMinValue ampamp value lt scaleMaxValue                   draw a nick                 canvas.drawLine0.5f, y1, 0.5f, y2, scalePaint                                canvas.rotatedegreesPerNotch, 0.5f, 0.5f          canvas.restore          private int notchToValueint value      int rawValue  value lt totalNotches  2  value  value  totalNotches  incrementPerSmallNotch     int shiftedValue  rawValue  scaleCenterValue     return shiftedValue   private float valueToAnglefloat value      return value  scaleCenterValue  2.0f  degreesPerNotch  private void drawTitleCanvas canvas      String title  getTitle     canvas.drawTextOnPathtitle, titlePath, 0.0f,0.0f, titlePaint                private void drawLogoCanvas canvas      canvas.saveCanvas.MATRIXSAVEFLAG     canvas.translate0.5f  logo.getWidth  logoScale  2.0f,                       0.5f  logo.getHeight  logoScale  2.0f      int color  0x00000000     float position  getRelativeTemperaturePosition     if position lt 0          color  int 0xf0  position  blue      else          color  int 0xf0  position ltlt 16  red                    Log.dTAG,    Integer.toHexStringcolor     LightingColorFilter logoFilter  new LightingColorFilter0xff338822, color     logoPaint.setColorFilterlogoFilter      canvas.drawBitmaplogo, logoMatrix, logoPaint     canvas.restore          private void drawHandCanvas canvas      if handInitialized          float handAngle  valueToAnglehandPosition         canvas.saveCanvas.MATRIXSAVEFLAG         canvas.rotatehandAngle, 0.5f, 0.5f         canvas.drawPathhandPath, handPaint         canvas.restore          canvas.drawCircle0.5f, 0.5f, 0.01f, handScrewPaint        private void drawBackgroundCanvas canvas      if background  null          Log.wTAG, Background not created      else          canvas.drawBitmapbackground, 0, 0, backgroundPaint        Override protected void onDrawCanvas canvas      drawBackgroundcanvas      float scale  float getWidth            canvas.saveCanvas.MATRIXSAVEFLAG     canvas.scalescale, scale      drawLogocanvas     drawHandcanvas      canvas.restore      if handNeedsToMove          moveHand        Override protected void onSizeChangedint w, int h, int oldw, int oldh      Log.dTAG, Size changed to   w  x  h      regenerateBackground   private void regenerateBackground       free the old bitmap     if background  null          background.recycle           background  Bitmap.createBitmapgetWidth, getHeight, Bitmap.Config.ARGB8888     Canvas backgroundCanvas  new Canvasbackground     float scale  float getWidth            backgroundCanvas.scalescale, scale      drawRimbackgroundCanvas     drawFacebackgroundCanvas     drawScalebackgroundCanvas     drawTitlebackgroundCanvas           private boolean handNeedsToMove      return Math.abshandPosition  handTarget gt 0.01f   private void moveHand      if  handNeedsToMove          return           if lastHandMoveTime  1L          long currentTime  System.currentTimeMillis         float delta  currentTime  lastHandMoveTime  1000.0f          float direction  Math.signumhandVelocity         if Math.abshandVelocity lt 90.0f              handAcceleration  5.0f  handTarget  handPosition          else              handAcceleration  0.0f                  handPosition  handVelocity  delta         handVelocity  handAcceleration  delta         if handTarget  handPosition  direction lt 0.01f  direction              handPosition  handTarget             handVelocity  0.0f             handAcceleration  0.0f             lastHandMoveTime  1L          else              lastHandMoveTime  System.currentTimeMillis                                invalidate      else          lastHandMoveTime  System.currentTimeMillis         moveHand        Override public void onAccuracyChangedSensor sensor, int accuracy     Override public void onSensorChangedSensorEvent sensorEvent      if sensorEvent.values.length gt 0          float temperatureC  sensorEvent.values[0]         Log.iTAG,  Temperature   temperatureC          float temperatureF  9.0f  5.0f  temperatureC  32.0f         setHandTargettemperatureF      else          Log.wTAG, Empty sensor event received        private float getRelativeTemperaturePosition      if handPosition lt scaleCenterValue          return  scaleCenterValue  handPosition  float scaleCenterValue  scaleMinValue      else          return handPosition  scaleCenterValue  float scaleMaxValue  scaleCenterValue        private void setHandTargetfloat temperature      if temperature lt scaleMinValue          temperature  scaleMinValue      else if temperature gt scaleMaxValue          temperature  scaleMaxValue          handTarget  temperature     handInitialized  true     invalidate  codepre  pp
Negative 3262 pI have a CSV like this one linep  precode101, 120, 130 codepre  pHow can I scan these into variables like thisp  precodeptnum  101 x  120 y  130 codepre
Negative 3262 pMy program creates 2D vector sheets that model wind data in a 3D space. Id like to know how I can interpolate between those 2D sheets. X and Y values wont vary because they correspond to latlong values that remain static. the W component of the vector is set to 0, leaving only the UV components of the vector to be interpolated over a Zrange which corresponds to the Zdistance between two 2D vector sheets.p  pIve read into interp3, but Im not sure itll work with what Im trying to do. If you can help at all with this, Id be infinitely appreciative, thanks.p  pNote I deleted a question that was similar to this that I previously asked because I believe I overcomplicated my question, thus dooming the potential for others to help answer it. p  pThank you for your help, and let me know if I can provide any more informationimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCVP1u.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pWhen using the Schema Compare tool with SSDT in Visual Studio 2012 to update a database project with changes made to schema objects on a local database, the schema is lost from the object declaration. I am connected to my local sql server instance using a Windows account and this account has default schema of dbo on the database being compared.p  pFor example, a local stored procedure definition may bep  precodeCREATE PROCEDURE [dbo].[SetPriceBounds] codepre  pBut when this is added to the database project using schema compare, it becomesp  precodeCREATE PROCEDURE SetPriceBounds codepre  pWhen this is subsequently deployed to another SQL Server instance, it fails with the errorp  pcodeThe default schema does not exist.codep  pI need to get the codedbo.code prefix preserved when the schema comparison is executed, any ideas are welcome.p
Negative 3262 pi have a div defined for my listview like this p  precodeltdiv idcarrierListgtltdivgt codepre  pHere is my script that defines the listview and its datasource  p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt  document.readyfunction         var t94StragglerCarriers  new kendo.data.DataSource         transport              read                  url MenuTrainT94StragglerCarriers,                                     dataType json                                ,             schema                      fields                          id  type string ,                                                   val  type string                                                                   ,             pageSize 5,             serverPaging  true                     var carriers  carrierList.kendoListView         dataSource t94StragglerCarriers,         selectable true,         pageable  true ,         change onChange,         template  kendo.templatecarrierTemplate.html     .datakendoListView        function onChange                    var index  carriers.select.index         var item  carriers.dataSource.view[index]         console.logItem   index   selected. Guid    item.id        codepre  pp  pHere is the template definition for my listview p  precodeltscript typetextxkendotmpl  idcarrierTemplategt     ltdiv idcarrierListValvalid classktextboxgtvalltdivgt            ltbrgt codepre  pp  pHere is the action method on my controller  p  precodepublic JsonResult T94StragglerCarriers [DataSourceRequest] DataSourceRequest request                          return Jsont94RailcarRepository.CarriersWithStragglers, JsonRequestBehavior.AllowGet       codepre  pHere is the json string returned by the server  p  precode[id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valCHTT,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valCMO ,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valCTCX,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valDBUX,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valGATX,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valMWCX,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valNDYX,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valPLMX,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valTAEX,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valTCIX,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valTEIX,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valTILX,id10eac72ad62d434f85054869cdb27b04,valUP  ,idffbcdb6c4d3a45f68ef6ada5f28ba44b,valMDXx] codepre  pMy problem is that from the onChange event handler, when i try to get the index of the selected listview item, like so p  precode var index  carriers.select.index codepre  pit is returned a value as if each field in the json string is an element. For example , the first objects id field would be index 0 , and its val fiedl would be index 1. and so on. Can anyone see what i am doing wrong to get the index of the selected listview item or is there something wrong with the json string i dont seep
Negative 3262 pIm using a wizardlike menu for travelbooking.. The client uses this menu to book flights, hotels, rent a cars and so on. My problem is, when the client chooses the flight, my script posts throught ajax that information to my php file, but throught SESSION[] and COOKIE[] i cant accesss it until page refresh.. What i want to know is if there is any way to access the values that were posted. Example  Client chooses flight flight number, date, time In step rent a car i want to access the arrival time, to book the car from that time on. Can anyone help me p  pRegards Valdo Rosa   p
Negative 3262 pI generated a new MVC5 application with the web wizard in VS2K13 on Windows8.1 X64 and enabled Facebook and Google logins for the project. In my tests, only Facebook login worked and google failed all the time. I think there is a bug in Microsoft.Owin.p  pI asked the same question on Asp.net and have got no valid answer so far. Seems no one knows what the bug is on asp.net.p  pHere is the debugging outputp  precodeException Details System.NullReferenceException Object reference not set to an instance of an object.  Source Error    Line 197        public async TaskltActionResultgt ExternalLoginCallbackstring returnUrl Line 198         Line 199            var loginInfo  await AuthenticationManager.GetExternalLoginInfoAsync Line 200            if loginInfo  null Line 201                Source File  cdownloadswebprojectsTestMvc5TestMvc5ControllersAccountController.cs    Line  199   Stack Trace     [NullReferenceException Object reference not set to an instance of an object.]    Microsoft.Owin.Security.AuthenticationManagerExtensions.GetExternalLoginInfoAuthenticateResult result 189    Microsoft.Owin.Security.ltGetExternalLoginInfoAsyncgtd7.MoveNext 362    System.Runtime.CompilerServices.TaskAwaiter.ThrowForNonSuccessTask task 93    System.Runtime.CompilerServices.TaskAwaiter.HandleNonSuccessAndDebuggerNotificationTask task 52    System.Runtime.CompilerServices.TaskAwaiter1.GetResult 24    TestMvc5.Controllers.ltExternalLoginCallbackgtd25.MoveNext in cdownloadswebprojectsTestMvc5TestMvc5ControllersAccountController.cs199    System.Runtime.CompilerServices.TaskAwaiter.ThrowForNonSuccessTask task 93    System.Runtime.CompilerServices.TaskAwaiter.HandleNonSuccessAndDebuggerNotificationTask task 52    System.Runtime.CompilerServices.TaskAwaiter.GetResult 21    lambdamethodClosure , Task  64    System.Threading.Tasks.TaskHelpersExtensions.ThrowIfFaultedTask task 37    System.Web.Mvc.Async.TaskAsyncActionDescriptor.EndExecuteIAsyncResult asyncResult 114    System.Web.Mvc.Async.ltgtcDisplayClass34.ltBeginInvokeAsynchronousActionMethodgtb33IAsyncResult asyncResult 65    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncResult1.CallEndDelegateIAsyncResult asyncResult 47    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncResultBase1.End 136    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.EndIAsyncResult asyncResult, Object tag 102    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncControllerActionInvoker.EndInvokeActionMethodIAsyncResult asyncResult 49    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncInvocationWithFilters.ltInvokeActionMethodFilterAsynchronouslyRecursivegtb3c 117    System.Web.Mvc.Async.ltgtcDisplayClass45.ltInvokeActionMethodFilterAsynchronouslyRecursivegtb3e 323    System.Web.Mvc.Async.ltgtcDisplayClass30.ltBeginInvokeActionMethodWithFiltersgtb2fIAsyncResult asyncResult 44    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncResult1.CallEndDelegateIAsyncResult asyncResult 47    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncResultBase1.End 136    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.EndIAsyncResult asyncResult, Object tag 102    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncControllerActionInvoker.EndInvokeActionMethodWithFiltersIAsyncResult asyncResult 50    System.Web.Mvc.Async.ltgtcDisplayClass28.ltBeginInvokeActiongtb19 72    System.Web.Mvc.Async.ltgtcDisplayClass1e.ltBeginInvokeActiongtb1bIAsyncResult asyncResult 185    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncResult1.CallEndDelegateIAsyncResult asyncResult 42    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncResultBase1.End 133    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.EndIAsyncResult asyncResult, Object tag 56    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncControllerActionInvoker.EndInvokeActionIAsyncResult asyncResult 40    System.Web.Mvc.Controller.ltBeginExecuteCoregtb1dIAsyncResult asyncResult, ExecuteCoreState innerState 34    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncVoid1.CallEndDelegateIAsyncResult asyncResult 70    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncResultBase1.End 139    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.EndIAsyncResult asyncResult, Object tag 59    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.EndIAsyncResult asyncResult, Object tag 40    System.Web.Mvc.Controller.EndExecuteCoreIAsyncResult asyncResult 44    System.Web.Mvc.Controller.ltBeginExecutegtb15IAsyncResult asyncResult, Controller controller 39    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncVoid1.CallEndDelegateIAsyncResult asyncResult 62    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncResultBase1.End 139    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.EndIAsyncResult asyncResult, Object tag 59    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.EndIAsyncResult asyncResult, Object tag 40    System.Web.Mvc.Controller.EndExecuteIAsyncResult asyncResult 39    System.Web.Mvc.Controller.System.Web.Mvc.Async.IAsyncController.EndExecuteIAsyncResult asyncResult 39    System.Web.Mvc.MvcHandler.ltBeginProcessRequestgtb4IAsyncResult asyncResult, ProcessRequestState innerState 39    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncVoid1.CallEndDelegateIAsyncResult asyncResult 70    System.Web.Mvc.Async.WrappedAsyncResultBase1.End 139    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.EndIAsyncResult asyncResult, Object tag 59    System.Web.Mvc.Async.AsyncResultWrapper.EndIAsyncResult asyncResult, Object tag 40    System.Web.Mvc.MvcHandler.EndProcessRequestIAsyncResult asyncResult 40    System.Web.Mvc.MvcHandler.System.Web.IHttpAsyncHandler.EndProcessRequestIAsyncResult result 38    System.Web.CallHandlerExecutionStep.System.Web.HttpApplication.IExecutionStep.Execute 9688704    System.Web.HttpApplication.ExecuteStepIExecutionStep step, Booleanamp completedSynchronously 155 codepre
Negative 3262 pI just started using C and im having some trouble compiling. It seems that the compiler constantly has trouble with char. Notice how i have to put space before c. Now after researching online for a bit i learned that adding , 1 after ampflag pretty much solves this, but i rather solve this completely, as it should work fine like this. Im using Visual studio 2013 btw.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  void main     int num   char flag   while 1         printfPlease enter your no.     scanfsd, ampnum      if num gt 1             if num lt 10                printfYour number is 1 digit.n               else if num lt 100                printfYour number is 2 digits.n               else if num lt 1000                printfYour number is 3 digits.n                else if num gt 999                printfYour number has a lot of digits.n                   else            printfPlease input a correct value.n            printfWould you like to countinue yn n     scanfs c, ampflag      problem      if flag  n            exit0           codepre
Negative 3262 pIm trying to create a Sitecore App on Sitecore 7.1 with Speak UI framework using Sitecore Rocks.  When Im trying to add a new item nothing appears and it is blocked.  Im trying to follow this a hrefhttpwww.youtube.comwatchvi2UZWcjqSPcvideoa . p  pPlease see attached picture. Do you have idea why is not workingp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXH4UC.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 precodevar image  new Image  image.onLoad  function    alertloaded   image.onError  function    alertnot loaded   image.src httpss3.amazonaws.comprofileImages.mySample.comspiderman.png dummy URL for reference only. codepre  pThis is my code. I am fetching my images from amazon services, problem is that if I am getting some error likep  precodeltErrorgt ltCodegtAccessDeniedltCodegt ltMessagegtAccess DeniedltMessagegt ltRequestIdgtABCDEFGHIJltRequestIdgt ltHostIdgt AABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRST ltHostIdgt ltErrorgt codepre  pthen my code is not executing the image.onError.p  phow to check whether image exist at the URL p
Negative 3262 pCurrently facing an issue with Filepickers iframe in my application... my toolsp  ul liFramework Rails 4 including turbolinks li liAPI Filepicker.io JSli liFile type Coffeescriptli ul  pMy sample codep  precodeready  gt filepickerapikey  jsdata.datafilepickerApiKey unprocessedpath  jsdata.dataunprocessedPath filepicker.setKeyfilepickerapikey   imageupload.click e gt      pickeroptions      services [COMPUTER]     mimetypes [image]      storeoptions      location s3     path unprocessedpath     access public      filepicker.pickAndStore pickeroptions, storeoptions gt       console.log foobar        alot of code comes here.. which works whenever I refresh the page  document.readyready document.onpageload, ready codepre  pIt stops once I try uploading something. My logs show this error codeError Permission denied to access property filepickercommiframecode and doesnt show my codefoobarcode logp  pBut when I refresh the page, I receive no error, and the file uploads accordingly. I am trying to avoid the flaw of having to refresh the page in order to upload successfully.p
Negative 3262 pI want to avoid loading an image on the website when the screen width is lesser than 1146px. Ive tried to add the below CSS rulep  precodemedia only screen and maxwidth 1146px  imgcabecera2 display none  codepre  pAnd of course, the image is not shown, but it is loaded. I want to load an image only if the screen width s more than 1146px.How could achieve it p  pI dont mind if the solution uses CSS, Javascript, jQuery or PHP code.p  pstrongEditstrongp  pIve achieved it in this wayp  ptemplate.htmlp  precode ltdiv idimgcabecera2gt  ltimg srcdataimagegifbase64,R0lGODlhAQABAADACwAAAAAAQABAAACADs3D width0 height0 altgt  ltdivgt codepre  pscript.jsp  precodefunction   Set imgcabecera2 size       function setsrc        var windowwidth  window.width       if windowwidth lt 1147            imgcabecera2.cssdisplaynone            else            imgcabecera2 img.attrwidth, 300.attrsrc, publicimgcarrete.png.attralt, logo.attrheight,auto           imgcabecera2.csstop15px,left 44,displayblock                      setsrc       window.resizefunction          setsrc           ... codepre
Negative 3262 pIm trying to restrict drag and drop motion to only the Yaxis so that a user can only take a view and drag it up or downnot left or right.p  pIve got two views ids of textView and dropZone right now.  One textView has a touch listener set to it and another dropZone has a drag listener set on it.p  pHeres the layout xml activitymain.xmlp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin     toolscontext.MainActivity gt  ltTextView     androidididtextView     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue     androidlayoutmarginTop50dp     androidbackgroundFFFFFF00     androidtextText Drag gt  ltTextView     androidididdropZone     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue     androidlayoutmarginTop167dp     androidbackgroundFFFF0000     androidtextDrop Zone gt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pThe following is the activity codep  precodepackage com.example.dragexperiment  import android.app.Activity import android.content.ClipData import android.graphics.Color import android.os.Bundle import android.util.Log import android.view.DragEvent import android.view.Menu import android.view.MotionEvent import android.view.View import android.view.View.DragShadowBuilder import android.view.View.OnDragListener import android.view.View.OnGenericMotionListener import android.view.View.OnTouchListener import android.widget.RelativeLayout import android.widget.TextView  public class MainActivity extends Activity  TextView tv, dz, sv      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain          tv  TextView findViewByIdR.id.textView         dz  TextView findViewByIdR.id.dropZone         tv.setOnTouchListenernew MyTouchListener         dz.setOnDragListenernew MyDragListener           private final class MyTouchListener implements OnTouchListener          int viewX0, viewY0,             cY0, cY1,             deltaCursorY          Override         public boolean onTouchfinal View v,final MotionEvent event                switchevent.getAction                  case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN                     viewX0  int v.getX                     viewY0  int v.getY                     cY0  int event.getRawY                     ClipData data  ClipData.newPlainText,                      DragShadowBuilder shadow  new View.DragShadowBuilderv                     v.startDragdata, shadow, v, 0                     return true                 case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE                   cY1  int event.getRawY                   deltaCursorY  cY1  cY0                   v.setXviewX0                   v.setYviewY0  deltaCursorY                     return true                              return false                    class MyDragListener implements OnDragListener           public boolean onDragView v, DragEvent event              switch event.getAction              case DragEvent.ACTIONDRAGSTARTED                 break             case DragEvent.ACTIONDRAGENTERED                 v.setBackgroundColorColor.BLUE                 break             case DragEvent.ACTIONDRAGEXITED                 break             case DragEvent.ACTIONDROP                 v.setBackgroundColorColor.BLUE                 break             case DragEvent.ACTIONDRAGENDED                 break             default                 break                          return true                     Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.main, menu         return true        codepre  pAs you can see from the code above, when a user drags textView over dropZone, I try to turn the dropZone view background color to blue.  This works fine if I use create a DragShadowBuilder in the ACTIONDOWN motion eventp  precode    ClipData data  ClipData.newPlainText,      DragShadowBuilder shadow  new View.DragShadowBuilderv     v.startDragdata, shadow, v, 0 codepre  pThe problem is that I cant control the shadow so that it only moves along the Yaxis vertical axis.  p  pIf I take out the DragShadowBuilder code the three lines above, and add in code to move the dragged view in the ACTIONMOVE motion event its commented out abovep  precode    cY1  int event.getRawY     deltaCursorY  cY1  cY0     v.setXviewX0     v.setYviewY0  deltaCursorY codepre  pThen I can control the textView to move only along the Yaxis.  Unfortunately, without a DragShadowBuilder, I cant get the ACTIONDRAGENTERED DragEvent to trigger to turn the dropZone view blue.p  pIf I leave both the DragShadowBuilder code and the four lines of code above, the ACTIONMOVE motion event is only triggered once for a drag it doesnt continue to follow the drag around.p  pAnybody have any ideas as to what I can do  Ive been tooling around with this for a while, but with no luck.  I even tried at one point to create a custom view that extends the Android View class, but I cant override the startDrag method because its declared as final.  I wish I were better at this.  p
Negative 3262 pIm creating an app that needs to display the darker keyboard UIKeyboardAppearanceDark in iOS7 for a UIWebView text field. p  pBasically, Im posting a video to Facebook using a hrefhttpsgithub.cometernalstormsESSVideoShareforOSXLionwikiHowToforiOS relnofollowESSVideoSharea, by logging in through a web view Facebook login page. And for the keyboard that appears when you touch the WebView is the default white keyboard in iOS7. I would like to change this to be the darker keyboard to keep the theme of the app consistent.p  pI managed to do this for the UITextFields by doing p  precodeeditableTextField.keyboardAppearance  UIKeyboardAppearanceDark codepre  pBut I wasnt able to find a way to access the keyboard or appearance properties of UIWebView. p  pThis app is not going into the app store and thus I can use private APIs, if there are no public API available to achieve this.p  pAny help will be greatly appriciated.p
Negative 3262 pI have a gif image in my html. I want to make the image walk so Im using jquery code.animatecode the walking is fine, now, once it reaches the other side of the screen, Id like to hide the image so Im trying to use the complete option. My code looks like sop  precodedocument.readyfunction  forvar i  0 i lt 500 i  i  20           animategif.animatebackgroundPositionX i, 50,               function  alertfinished    codepre  pHowever, the alert does not show. Ive also tried doing the followingp  precodeduration  50, complete  function  backgroundPositionX i, duration  50, complete function codepre  pBut neither worked and Im getting a warning in my debugger Unexpected token . So my question is, how exactly do you add a complete option for the animate function in jquery Ive tried looking through the documentation and some examples and what ive tried are pretty much what Ive seen. p
Negative 3262 pI want to have a button that will trigger fullscreen mode using the HTML5 fullscreen API. I followed some examples around the web to get the code below, but it only works in SafariChrome as a result of the webkitspecific prefixes. I want to use the moz prefixes and the standard HTML5 ones too to make this work in Firefox also, but Im not sure how to go about doing that. Any advicep  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv idviewergt      lta href classfullscreengtExitenter fullscreen modeltagt ltdivgt codepre  pJSp  precode.fullscreen.onclick, function      var elem  document.getElementByIdviewer      if document.webkitFullscreenElement            document.webkitCancelFullScreen       else            elem.webkitRequestFullScreen        codepre
Negative 3262 pHello and thank you for helpingp  pI am using Weblogic 10.3.0.0 with a JDBC data source configured to use the thin driver from oracle.jdbc.OracleDriver. The driver library is ojdbc6.jar and the driver version is 11.1.0.6.0Production. On my local client, I was using the 11.2.0.3.0 version but I have also tried the same version as the server but to no avail.p  pThe symptom of the problem comes in the form of two NullPointerExceptionsp  precodejava.lang.NullPointerException at weblogic.utils.wrapper.WrapperFactory.getCachedWrapperClassWrapperFactory.java44 at weblogic.utils.wrapper.WrapperFactory.getWrapperClassWrapperFactory.java195 at weblogic.utils.wrapper.WrapperFactory.getWrapperClassWrapperFactory.java183 at weblogic.utils.wrapper.WrapperFactory.createWrapperWrapperFactory.java168 at weblogic.jdbc.wrapper.JDBCWrapperFactory.getWrapperJDBCWrapperFactory.java186 at weblogic.jdbc.rmi.internal.PreparedStatementStub.readResolvePreparedStatementStub.java48 at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57 at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43 at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606 at java.io.ObjectStreamClass.invokeReadResolveObjectStreamClass.java1104 at java.io.ObjectInputStream.readOrdinaryObjectObjectInputStream.java1805 at java.io.ObjectInputStream.readObject0ObjectInputStream.java1348 at java.io.ObjectInputStream.readObjectObjectInputStream.java370 at weblogic.utils.io.ChunkedObjectInputStream.readObjectChunkedObjectInputStream.java197 at weblogic.rjvm.MsgAbbrevInputStream.readObjectMsgAbbrevInputStream.java564 at weblogic.utils.io.ChunkedObjectInputStream.readObjectChunkedObjectInputStream.java193 at weblogic.rmi.internal.ObjectIO.readObjectObjectIO.java62 at weblogic.rjvm.ResponseImpl.unmarshalReturnResponseImpl.java240 at weblogic.rmi.internal.BasicRemoteRef.invokeBasicRemoteRef.java223 at weblogic.jdbc.rmi.internal.ConnectionImplweblogicjdbcwrapperPoolConnectionoraclejdbcdriverT4CConnection1030WLStub.prepareStatementUnknown Source at weblogic.jdbc.rmi.SerialConnection.prepareStatementSerialConnection.java228 at org.hibernate.jdbc.AbstractBatcher.getPreparedStatementAbstractBatcher.java534 at org.hibernate.jdbc.AbstractBatcher.getPreparedStatementAbstractBatcher.java452 at org.hibernate.jdbc.AbstractBatcher.prepareQueryStatementAbstractBatcher.java161 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.prepareQueryStatementLoader.java1573 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doQueryLoader.java696 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doQueryAndInitializeNonLazyCollectionsLoader.java259 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doListLoader.java2228 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.listIgnoreQueryCacheLoader.java2125 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.listLoader.java2120 at org.hibernate.loader.hql.QueryLoader.listQueryLoader.java401 at org.hibernate.hql.ast.QueryTranslatorImpl.listQueryTranslatorImpl.java361 at org.hibernate.engine.query.HQLQueryPlan.performListHQLQueryPlan.java196 at org.hibernate.impl.SessionImpl.listSessionImpl.java1148 at org.hibernate.impl.QueryImpl.listQueryImpl.java102 at org.hibernate.ejb.QueryImpl.getResultListQueryImpl.java67 codepre  pandp  precodejava.lang.NullPointerException at org.hibernate.type.StringType.setStringType.java49 at org.hibernate.type.NullableType.nullSafeSetNullableType.java154 at org.hibernate.type.NullableType.nullSafeSetNullableType.java136 at org.hibernate.param.NamedParameterSpecification.bindNamedParameterSpecification.java61 at org.hibernate.loader.hql.QueryLoader.bindParameterValuesQueryLoader.java514 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.prepareQueryStatementLoader.java1589 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doQueryLoader.java696 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doQueryAndInitializeNonLazyCollectionsLoader.java259 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doListLoader.java2228 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.listIgnoreQueryCacheLoader.java2125 at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.listLoader.java2120 at org.hibernate.loader.hql.QueryLoader.listQueryLoader.java401 at org.hibernate.hql.ast.QueryTranslatorImpl.listQueryTranslatorImpl.java361 at org.hibernate.engine.query.HQLQueryPlan.performListHQLQueryPlan.java196 at org.hibernate.impl.SessionImpl.listSessionImpl.java1148 at org.hibernate.impl.QueryImpl.listQueryImpl.java102 at org.hibernate.ejb.QueryImpl.getResultListQueryImpl.java67 codepre  pI have stepped through everything up until weblogic.jdbc.rmi.SerialConnection.prepareStatement since that source is not public. The problem appears to be that this returns a null PreparedStatement which is then passed on to those two methods that throw the NPE.p  pThe datasource is declared as a Spring bean URL and credentials have been removed for securityp  precodeltbean iddatasource classorg.springframework.jndi.JndiObjectFactoryBeangt     ltproperty namejndiNamegt         ltvaluegtjdbcDSltvaluegt     ltpropertygt     ltproperty nameresourceRefgt         ltvaluegttrueltvaluegt     ltpropertygt     ltproperty namejndiEnvironmentgt         ltpropsgt             ltprop keyjava.naming.factory.initialgtweblogic.jndi.WLInitialContextFactoryltpropgt             ltprop keyjava.naming.provider.urlgtt3000.00.00.00015031ltpropgt             ltprop keyjava.naming.security.principalgtprincipalltpropgt             ltprop keyjava.naming.security.credentialsgtcredentialsltpropgt         ltpropsgt     ltpropertygt ltbeangt codepre  pI have also set up the same exact data source in the JNDI tree of a locally run WebLogic instance and that works fine with no exceptions. It might be important to note that my local WebLogic version is 10.3.2p  precodeltbean iddatasource classorg.springframework.jndi.JndiObjectFactoryBeangt     ltproperty namejndiNamegt         ltvaluegtjdbcDSltvaluegt     ltpropertygt     ltproperty nameresourceRefgt         ltvaluegttrueltvaluegt     ltpropertygt     ltproperty namejndiEnvironmentgt         ltpropsgt             ltprop keyjava.naming.factory.initialgtweblogic.jndi.WLInitialContextFactoryltpropgt             ltprop keyjava.naming.provider.urlgtt3localhost7001ltpropgt             ltprop keyjava.naming.security.principalgtprincipalltpropgt             ltprop keyjava.naming.security.credentialsgtcredentialsltpropgt         ltpropsgt     ltpropertygt ltbeangt codepre  pLastly, by declaring the datasource directly in a Spring bean without referencing JNDI, I also got it to work just finep  precodeltbean iddatasource classorg.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DriverManagerDataSourcegt     ltproperty namedriverClassName valueoracle.jdbc.OracleDriver gt     ltproperty nameusername valueusername gt     ltproperty namepassword valuepassword gt     ltproperty nameurl valuejdbcoraclethinusername.com.com1530servicename gt ltbeangt codepre  pAny help is appreciated and I am more than happy to provide any more details if necessary. Thank you for your timep
Negative 3262 pI want to know how to extract digits from a number.p  pThe only method I can think of is converting the number to a string, then use substring  THEN convert back to int. p  pWould there be a more efficient way, such that it obtains a specific number like the substring method, but for an int or a BigIntegerp
Negative 3262 pWhile running the project it says ProductsRequest sent with productIdentifiers gives the list of product idsp  pBut while receiving product ids it says invalid productIdentifier.p  pWhen i checked in app purchases for my app in the iTunes store in the status column it says waiting for review.p  pDoes this has to do with invalid productIdentifierp
Negative 3262 pHow do I change from standart storage class to RRS for 100GB production files maybe 50k files in one bucket Currently I use AWS web console  but it takes ages to do this  eventually browser locks up or session expires and I need to login again. And then the same procedure...p  pIs there any way to do this in the background or use any specific softwarep  pthanksp
Negative 3262 pI am using Windows Authentication for Roadkill Wiki.  Has anyone attempted to add additional user roles in Roadkill Wiki for fine grain access control  If so, do you have any guides to help with this.p  pCheers.p
Negative 3262 pI have been persevering with this for a little while now, my jQuery is not great so it may be a syntax error but I am basically trying to create a mobile app function to scroll to the top of the header when an accordion body is opened. Any thoughtsp  precodeltscript srcjquery.scrollTo1.4.3.1min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgt      function                       accordion .accordion                       collapsible true,                       heightStyle content,                       activate .scrollTouiaccordionheaderactive, newHeader                                         ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have two use cases. p  pA. I want to synchronize access by two threads to a queue. p  pB. I want to synchronize access by two threads to a queue and use a condition variable because one of the threads will wait on content to be stored into the queue by the other thread.p  pFor use case A I see code example using codestdlockguardltgtcode. For use case B I see code example using codestduniquelockltgtcode. p  pWhat is the difference between the two and which one should I use in which use case  p
Negative 3262 pHow can we configure a server to serve a hrefhttpdomain1.com relnofollowhttpdomain1.coma using Meteor.js and a hrefhttpdomain2.com relnofollowhttpdomain2.coma using nginxapachep
Negative 3262 pMy cells are squares and look good at any size. I am looking to find the largest size for cells so that displaying all of them will not require scrolling.p  pAnd by example, this screen shot is great for 3 players, but kicking it up to 12 players makes them scroll out of bounds, which is to be avoided.p  pIs there a way to accomplish thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVLXni.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pso if I have an NSMutableArray, and I filled it with objects I defined, how do I sort it Each object has the property name along with some others...p  pMyObject.hp  precodeinterface MyObject  NSObject   property strong, nonatomic NSString name  end codepre  pNow what do I do to sort the NSMutableArray by each instance of MyObjects name propertyp
Negative 3262 pI try to implement dependency injection with repository pattern in expressJS. I want to achieve that using two different repository types mongodb and SQL Server  but one controller. p  pWhen app starts, I should choose one repository type for example SQL Server repository which is used by application. So I dont want to create different controllers for every repository types.p  pHow can I do that Is there any suggestionp
Negative 3262 pI am writing a program to manage a office. Getting rid of Excels XD.p  pI have a DAL class with the following variablesp  precode    private MySqlConnection connection     private DataSet ds     private Hashtable adapters codepre  pThere is this methodp  precode    public bool AddTablestring tableName, string sqlStat              if ds.Tables.ContainstableName                      MySqlDataAdapter adapter  new MySqlDataAdaptersqlStat, connection             MySqlCommandBuilder builder  new MySqlCommandBuilderadapter             adapter.InsertCommand  builder.GetInsertCommand             adapter.UpdateCommand  builder.GetUpdateCommand             adapter.DeleteCommand  builder.GetDeleteCommand             adapter.Fillds, tableName             adapters.AddtableName, adapter             return true                  return false      codepre  pThe program will be connected to a server with MySQL database. I need to make sure that when one client changes something in the database another client will see the new data, but this is not happening.p
Negative 3262 pMy website is set up like thisp  precodelthtml langengt   ltbodygt     ltdiv idcontainergt       ltdiv idcontentainergt          ltimg srcimgcar.png altcar.png syleposition absolute top10px left35px gt          ltdiv idcontentLeftTopgt ... ltdivgt          ltdiv idcontentRightTopgt ... ltdivgt          ltdiv idcontentLeftBottomgt ... ltdivgt       ltdivgt     ltdivgt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pAnd the CSS thats tied to the involved elements p  precodecontainer    positionrelative   marginauto   width820px   overflowhidden   zindex1  contentainer    positionrelative   floatleft   width800px   backgroundcolorFFF   border10px groove 999   borderradius15px   zindex1  codepre  pWhat seems to be happening is the image gets cutoff due to width constraints of the parent container div, but it successfully overlaps the contentainer div. What am I doing wrong Im trying to stick the codecar.pngcode to the front of the page.p  pThanks in advanced.p
Negative 3262 pSay, my data file has two columns and five rows as follows,p  precode1   3 2   5 3   3 4   4 5   2 codepre  pNow I would like to plot them but with a little math operation on second column. For example, p  precodeplot test.dat u 12 codepre  pWhat I mean by asterisk is I would like to sqrtrow22row12, which is sqrt5232, on second column values. How I can do that Many thanksp
Negative 3262 pi have a list of team names teamNames and a list of data frames weekSummariesp  pi want to get a list of team summaries by weekp  precodeteamSummaries lt llplyteamNames,getTeamSubset  getTeamSubset  functionteamName   templdplyweekSummaries,subset,teamnameteamName  codepre  phowever, when i run this i get an errorp  precodegtError in evalexpr, envir, enclos  object teamName not found codepre  pbut when i run the commandp  precodegtldplyweekSummaries,subset,teamnameDenver Broncos codepre  pi get a data frame with the information i need for one team... can somebody point out what im doing wrongp
Negative 3262 pstrongi had typo errorstrongp  pHello i have Javascript code for random image generator on my home page and its working when I do inline Javascript.p  pBut when I add that Javascript code in the external Javascript file, the code doesnt work.p  pstrongIndex.htmlstrongp  precode lthtml stylebackgroundimage urlIMGanti1.jpg backgroundsize cover gt   ltheadgt    lttitlegt House Of Spices lttitlegt    ltmeta charsetutf8gt    ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefcss.css gt     ltscript type  textjavacript srcjs.jsgtltscriptgt    ltheadgt  ltbody classk OnLoadrotateImage0 gt     ltdivgt         ltimg namelImage idLimage src width250 height250gt         ltimg namemImage idMimage src width250 height250gt         ltimg namerImage idRimage src width250 height250gt     ltdivgt    ltbodygt    lthtmlgt codepre  pstrongjs.jsstrongp  precodevar interval  2.5  delay between rotating images in seconds interval  1000 var randomdisplay  1  0  no, 1  yes  var imageindex  0 imagelist  [   3 groups of 4 images  Keep symetrical      [IMGimage11.jpg],     [IMGimage2.jpg],     [IMGimag3.jpg],     [IMGimage4.jpg],     [IMGimage5.jpg],     [IMGimage6.jpg],     [IMGimage7.jpg],     [IMGimage8.jpg],     [IMGimage9.jpg],     [IMGimage10.jpg],     [IMGimage11.jpg],     [IMGimage12.jpg],     [IMGimage13.jpg],      [IMGimage14.jpg],     [IMGimage15.jpg],     [IMGimage16.jpg]  Note no comma after last entry ]  var numberofimage  imagelist.length  3   array size  number of groups 3 for       this example  function generaterange      return Math.floorMath.random  range  function getNextImage      if randomdisplay          imageindex  generatenumberofimage   0..number of images in group      else          imageindex  imageindex1  numberofimage          return imageindex   function rotateImageplace      place  getNextImage     document.getElementByIdLimage.src  imagelist[place]     document.getElementByIdMimage.src  imagelist[place3]   number of items in     group 4 for this     document.getElementByIdRimage.src  imagelist[place5]     place      var recurcall  rotateImageplace     setTimeoutrecurcall, interval  codepre
Negative 3262 pI have grouped following DF by codehostcode and codeoperationcode columnsp  precodedf Out[163] ltclass pandas.core.frame.DataFramegt Int64Index 100 entries, 10069 to 1003 Data columns total 8 columns args             100  nonnull values host             100  nonnull values kwargs           100  nonnull values logtimestamp    100  nonnull values operation        100  nonnull values thingy             100  nonnull values status           100  nonnull values time             100  nonnull values dtypes float641, int642, object5   g  df.groupby[host,operation]  g Out[165] ltpandas.core.groupby.DataFrameGroupBy object at 0x7f46ec731890gt  g.groups.keys[10] Out[166] [yy39.segm1.org, gtfull,  yy39.segm1.org, updateWidg,  yy36.segm1.org, notifyTestsDelivered,  yy32.segm1.org, notifyTestsDelivered,  yy20.segm1.org, gSettings,  yy32.segm1.org, xgWidgboxParams,  yy39.segm1.org, clearElems,  yy3.segm1.org, gxyzinf,  yy34.segm1.org, setFlagsOneWidg,  yy13.segm1.org, xgbinf] codepre  pNow I need to get individual DataFrames for each host, operation pair. I can do it by iterating over groups keysp  precodefor el in g.groups.keys      ...     print el, VALUES, g.groups[el]      ... yy25.segm1.org, xgbinf VALUES [10021] yy36.segm1.org, gxyzinf VALUES [10074, 10085] yy25.segm1.org, updateWidg VALUES [10022] yy25.segm1.org, gtfull VALUES [10019] yy16.segm1.org, gxyzinf VALUES [10052, 10055, 10062, 10064] yy32.segm1.org, addWidging2 VALUES [10034] yy16.segm1.org, notifyTestsDelivered VALUES [10056, 10065] codepre  pQuestionsp  pQ1. Im wondering if I should split the codeDataFrameGroupBycode object or is there a faster way of achieving the goal herep  pStrategically I need to calculate exponential weighted moving average and exponential weighted standard deviation although std dev should be attenuated much more slowly.p  pTo this end, I need have itp  pa. grouped by host, operationp  pb. each hostoperation subset sorted by logtimestampp  pc. ewma and ewmstd calculated for codetimecode column.p  pIs there a way of achieving this without splitting codeDataFrameGroupBycodep  pQ2. The goal is to signal when particular time for hostoperation becomes abnormal in the last several minutes overload condition. Ive had an idea that if I calculate slow ewmstd and slow ewma for longer period of time, say, 1 hr then the shortterm ewma say 5 minutes could be interpreted as emergency value if its more than 2 slow std deviations from the slow ewma three sigma rule. Im not even sure if this is correct  best approach. Is it p  pIt may be, since this is roughly similar to how UNIX 1m, 5m, and 15m load averages work if 15m is normal but 1m load avg is much higher, you know that the load has been much higher than usual. But Im not sure of that.p
Negative 3262 pIm creating a preview of a coupon Apple passbook style. To make it feel like a real coupon, I want the top and bottom borders to have a perforated style little triangles. Like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcvfOr.png altenter image description herep  pI tried to use a little triangle image as backgroundimage repeated all along the border, but that solution cant work all the time. The page background can be dynamic and then the triangle image cant have a color that is fine with all the possible backgrounds.p  pIs there any CSS way to create a border like thisp
Negative 3262 pdoes someone knows why ARP cannot send messages beyond its LAN I have two scenariosp  ol licomputer A  router  computer Bli licomputer A  router  router  computer Bli ol  pin the first scenario the ARP works, if A wants to know Bs MAC address, it sends ARP to the router, who sends ARP to B if the router also doesnt know Bs MAC address.p  pin the second scenario it is not possible.p  pit will be great if someone knows the answer. thanksp
Negative 3262 pI am  trying to display a list of new notifications by truncate the first 20 chars of the new notification and put it in  so if user want to read the whole thing he can click the hypered link and continue reading.p  pThere is two type of notifications which Im trying to print an HTML table first column for one notification type and second column for the other type the two types are monthly evaluation feedback amp general exam feedbackp  pAnd heres what Ive donep  precodeltphp sql  SELECT  FROM msgs WHERE stdID.id. AND opened0 query  mysqlquerysql data  mysqlfetcharrayquery sql2  SELECT  FROM exam WHERE stdID.id. AND evaluated1 query2  mysqlquerysql2 data2  mysqlfetcharrayquery2  if mysqlnumrowsquery gt 0  mysqlnumrowsquery2 gt 0    echo lttable border1gtlttrgtltth width10 alignright stylemarginright200gtltthgtltth width20 alignright stylepaddingbottom20pxgtMonthly Evaluation Feedbackltthgtltth width20 alignright stylepaddingbottom20pxgtGeneral Exam Feedbackltthgtlttrgt             while row  mysqlfetchrowquery  row2  mysqlfetchrowquery2              ifrow2  mysqlfetchrowquery2            echo lttrgtlttd width10 alignrightgtlttdgt             echo lttd width20 alignrightgtltspan classtoggle stylepadding3pxgtlta idhline.row[0]. stylecursorpointer onClickmarkAsRead.row[0].gt .stripslashessubstrrow[1],0,20.ltagtltspangtlttdgt             echo lttd width20 alignrightgtltspan classtoggle stylepadding3pxgtlta idhline.row2[0]. stylecursorpointer onClickmarkAsRead.row2[0].gt .stripslashessubstrrow2[2],0,20.ltagtltspangtlttdgtlttrgt This line wont print the truncated msg substrrow2[2],0,20.          else              echo lttrgtlttd width10 alignrightgtlttdgt             echo lttd width20 alignrightgtltspan classtoggle stylepadding3pxgtlta idhline.row[0]. stylecursorpointer onClickmarkAsRead.row[0].gt .stripslashessubstrrow[1],0,20.ltagtltspangtlttdgtlttrgt And this line wont print the truncated msg substrrow[2],0,20.               echo lttablegt  else echo there is no new notification gt codepre  pIt works fine but as Ive mentioned in the code codestripslashessubstrrow[1],0,20code will not display the first 20 cars of the feedback  and I did it this way if statement inside the loop to avoid that coderow2code being undefined because coderowcode always greater that coderow2codep  pThank you in advancep
Negative 3262 pHow can I change the password for a domain user with Python I have the ldap modules on board but have no solution. I managed to query the current settings via ldap, but how can modify itp  precodeimport ldap import sys  host  ldap10.172.0.79  con  ldap.initializehost BINDDN  administratorbiztalk.com BINDPASS  a123456 con.setoption ldap.OPTXTLSDEMAND, True  con.setoption ldap.OPTDEBUGLEVEL, 255   PASSWORDATTR  unicodePwd usernamebizadmin userdn  CNs,OUUser,OUbiztalk,DCbiztalk,DCcom  username password  New12345   Set AD password unicodepass  unicode  password  , iso88591 passwordvalue  unicodepass.encodeutf16le addpass  [ldap.MODREPLACE, PASSWORDATTR, [passwordvalue]]   Replace password try     con.modifysuserdn, addpass     print Active Directory password for, username, was set successfully except ldap.LDAPError, e     sys.stderr.writeError setting AD password for   username  n     sys.stderr.writeMessage   stre  n     sys.exit1 codepre  perrorp  ppydev debugger startingp  pError setting AD password for bizadminp  pMessage desc Cant contact LDAP serverp  hr  pPython change domainMicrosoft Active Directory users password.p  p...requires certification services between python and domainp  pCould you have any good ways to deal with itp  pThank youp
Negative 3262 pat run time user give some databse details like IP, username, password. How Spring will connect to this database without restarting the server.p
Negative 3262 pMy problem is that I have a template class and i try to catch exceptions of different types of data int, float, long, char etc.p  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt using namespace std  const int MAX  3  templateltclass Typegt class Stack      class Range     class Empty     class Input      Code here     Code here     If Error      throw Range     throw Empty     throw Input   int main      try              Stackltintgt s1         Stackltfloatgt s2         Stackltlonggt s3         Stackltchargt s4          catchStackltintgtRange    Code      catchStackltfloatgtRange  Code      catchStackltlonggtRange   Code      catchStackltchargtRange   Code      catchStackltintgtEmpty    Code      catchStackltfloatgtEmpty  Code      catchStackltlonggtEmpty   Code      catchStackltchargtEmpty   Code      catchStackltintgtInput    Code      catchStackltfloatgtInput  Code      catchStackltlonggtInput   Code      catchStackltchargtInput   Code   return 0   codepre  pHow could I do the same in 3 lines I have triedp  precodetemplate ltclass Typegt catchStackltTypegtRange    Error Expected catch before lt token       Whats Wrong   templateltclass Typegt try  Code  catchStackltTypegtRange    Error A template declaration cannot appear at block scope  Definetely Wrong, I Know  templateltclass Typegt int main      try              Code          catchStackltTypegtRange     Error Cannot declare main to be a template   Of course, Thats totally wrong. codepre  pI have tried to declare Type  in many places, even though i knew it was wrong. If i dont declare Type it is also wrong. So, is there any way I could do itp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI am using Highcharts.js and the exporting module to add a custom text button on top of my chart. Im having troubles centring the text inside the custom button vertically. How it looksp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comyL8PY.png altenter image description herep  pInstead, embed chart text needs to look like the adjacent date picker.p  pMy codep  precodeexporting      buttons          contextButton              enabled false         ,         customButton              x 1,             y 30,             titleKey embed,             onclick createChart,             text embed chart,             theme                  strokewidth 1,                 height 8,                 align center,                 stroke silver,                 r 0                             codepre  pjsFiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netF8MjD relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netF8MjDap  pAny suggestions on how to change itp
Negative 3262 pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltfigure classvideothumb    datathumb0image2.jpg    datathumb1image3.jpg   datathumb2image4.jpg   datathumb3image5.jpg gt    ltimg srcimage1.jpggt  ltfiguregt codepre  pI want to get each of these datathumb attributes with jQuery.p  pI then want to iterate through these using setInterval to swap the src of image1.jpg.p  pI will end up with the user hovering and seeing the datathumb01234etc, over the duration of a few seconds.p  pThe reason I have these numbered datathumb012345 is because the CMS pushes these numbers out based on how many thumbs the client has uploaded.p  pI hope this is enough information, any help seriously appreciated. Thank you.p
Negative 3262 pI installed compass and sass and everything worked correctly. But now I am trying to install singularity and breakpoint and I am getting this error over and over p  pSayrasiMac sayralopez sudo gem install breakpoint Building native extensions.  This could take a while... ERROR  Error installing breakpoint     ERROR Failed to build gem native extension.p  precodeSystemLibraryFrameworksRuby.frameworkVersions1.8usrbinruby extconf.rb codepre  pmkmf.rb cant find header files for ruby at SystemLibraryFrameworksRuby.frameworkVersions1.8usrlibrubyruby.hp  pextconf failed, exit code 1p  pGem files will remain installed in LibraryRubyGems1.8gemsffi1.9.3 for inspection. Results logged to LibraryRubyGems1.8extensionsuniversaldarwin121.8ffi1.9.3gemmake.outp  pI am still a newb at terminal commands, so I have no idea what is going on. I tried reinstalling and updating ruby and it still wont work. Any idea what could be going on and how to fix itp  pMANY THANKSp
Negative 3262 pIve created one controller codeCommonControllercode not generated by gii in my Yii App. It contains lot of static methods.p  pEx.p  precodeclass CommonController extends Controller  public static getDate    ...    ...   public static getInfo    ...    ...   etc...   codepre  pOn Localhost I am using PHP 5.4 and calling static method from another controllermodelview Ex.p  pcodeCommonControllergetDatecodep  pand its working fine.p  pNow Ive moved app on server which has PHP 5.3 version. Ive debugged a lot and found the issue that codeCommonControllergetDatecode this class is not getting called and its breaking my app.p  pIve used this stuff everywhere so how can I solve this issue.p  pNeed help.p  pThanks.p
Negative 3262 pI want to remove duplicates where asciiname, countrycode and provinceid contain the same values.p  pHow can I do thisp  precodeSET ANSINULLS ON GO  SET QUOTEDIDENTIFIER ON GO  CREATE TABLE [dbo].[citiesgeonames]     [id] [int] IDENTITY1,1 NOT NULL,     [geonameid] [float] NULL,     [asciiname] [nvarchar]255 NULL,     [country code] [nvarchar]255 NULL,     [provinceid] [int] NOT NULL,             [population] [int] NOT NULL,  CONSTRAINT [PKcitiesgeonames] PRIMARY KEY CLUSTERED       [id] ASC WITH PADINDEX  OFF, STATISTICSNORECOMPUTE  OFF, IGNOREDUPKEY  OFF, ALLOWROWLOCKS  ON, ALLOWPAGELOCKS  ON ON [PRIMARY]  ON [PRIMARY]  GO   INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2743447,Abelhal,PT,463,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2657842,Aberchalder,GB,201,30 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2522470,Acebuchal,ES,353,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2522446,Aceuchal,ES,356,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2657756,Achallader,GB,201,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2959625,Achthal,DE,314,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2959626,Achthal,DE,314,10 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2959627,Achthal,DE,314,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2959363,Affalterthal,DE,314,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2657642,Aghalee,GB,202,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 4179245,Ahaluna,US,60,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2958936,Aich halden,DE,315,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2958937,Aich halden,DE,315,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 6714269,Air Halim Rambung,ID,551,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2958612,Albrechtsthal,DE,312,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2958542,Alexandrinenthal,DE,314,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2657476,Allhallows,GB,203,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2956763,Altenthal,DE,310,4000 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2957440,Altenthal,DE,310,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2957169,Althaldensleben,DE,302,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 2956888,Altrosenthal,DE,312,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 1651600,Aluhaluh,ID,565,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 736891,Amigdhala,GR,513,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 736889,Amigdhalea,GR,513,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 736890,Amigdhalea,GR,513,30 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 265176,Amigdhalea,GR,511,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 265178,Amigdhalea,GR,502,650 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 265179,Amigdhalea,GR,502,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 265180,Amigdhalea,GR,512,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 265181,Amigdhalea,GR,509,560 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 265182,Amigdhalea,GR,509,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 265183,Amigdhalea,GR,509,0 INSERT INTO citiesgeonamestest geonameid,asciiname,[country code],provinceid,[population] VALUES 265184,Amigdhalea,GR,504,0 codepre  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pMy apologies, it turns out that I need one more thing keep the record where the column codepopulationcode has the highest value, how would I incorporate that into this statement Ive updated table create statement and insert statementsp  precodeWITH CTE asciiname, [country code],provinceid, DuplicateCount AS    SELECT asciiname, [country code],provinceid,     ROWNUMBER OVERPARTITION BY asciiname,[country code],provinceid ORDER BY id AS  DuplicateCount   FROM citiesgeonames  DELETE FROM CTE   WHERE DuplicateCount gt 1 GO codepre
Negative 3262 pIm trying to do a simple codeSELECTcode statement from a MySQL Database. My table names contains codeunderscores code and they could contain codespaces  code as well. I put the table name in backticks but I get SQL Syntax error.p  pExample of one of my query p  precodeSELECT  From   ID    objectName   ORDER BY date DESC LIMIT 1 codepre  pIf I do not use the backticks and the object name does not have any space in it, the query works.p  pAny idea what could be the problemp
Negative 3262 pI am using echoservertls example with Chrome client. It works fine when I add the certificate to Trusted Root Certificate Authorities in certmgr. But if the certificate is not added there, the connection fails silently.p  pHow can I ask user to accept my certificate in case of Certificate Authority errorp  pMy OS is Windows 7p
Negative 3262 pI have seen lots of tutorials but not found solution anywhere. I am using hr tag in codehtmlcode to show lines on top and bottom, its working proper. But when i try to use hr tag to show line in center, its not working. I want to show line in center and also want to show some text there. As i am new if some help me with some code its easy to learn.p  pI want to show something like thisp  precodeHello codepre  pBut i want the line above in solid form.p
Negative 3262 paccording to this post a hrefhttpwww.asp.netwebapioverviewsecurityexternalauthenticationserviceshttpwww.asp.netwebapioverviewsecurityexternalauthenticationservicesa...  im able to login with emlocalem authentication service with new Asp.net identity frameworkp  pbut cant find a walktrough to call properly from a mobile app or a hrefhttpwww.getpostman.comPostmana  the default web api generated in Visual Studio 2013 SPA template.p  pcan anyone help mep
Negative 3262 pIve got an SVN instance installed on a free EC2 AWS server.  In short Im using LAMP.p  pUsing what I read in a hrefhttpbrennydoogles.wordpress.com20111021usingsubversiontoautomaticallypublishyourwebsite relnofollowthis articlea and encountered the you need a TTY error as mentioned in the comments.  I followed the a hrefhttpmaymay.netblog20100317howtoworkaroundsorryyoumusthaveattytorunsudowithoutsacrificingsecurity relnofollowsecond resourcea and it cleared the error message, but doesnt seem to be executing the script.  When I manually run the script, however, it works.p  pAny clue what Im missingp  pWhen I followed the second resource to fix the TTY error I changed the contents of my svnrepositoryhookspostcommit script fromp  precodebinbash sudo usrlocalbinsvnpostcommitupdatemysite 1gtamp2 codepre  ptop  precodebinbash su sessioncommandusrlocalbinsvnpostcommitupdatemysite 1gtamp2 dynamic amp codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a little problem, I kind of understand what is needed but I am new to ZF2 so just need pushing in the right direction.p  pI currently have a route setup, for example viewsystem1 which is[action][id] p  pWhen a person clicks on a link, they change their id, so for example viewsystem5p  pIn the model where I run the sql, I wish for it to be changeable for the SQL statementp  pwheresystem.Id  .id. p  pCan anyone explain where I can GET the parameter and use this as a variable in the sql. Do i need to do somethign in the controller can i not just use a GET or something.p  pThanks for the helpp
Negative 3262 pIm programming an online card game PHP and I havent got any knowledge in Javscript, Ajax, XML, etc.p  pLets suppose I have a card, and I want to play that card. So I click on that card and the card is played lets think its on the table. But I want others players to view that I played the card without refreshing the page. I know it is possible with Ajax or jQuery, but I dont know how to use it, so lets suppose it is like thisp  pMysql Table Gameboard Row  playedcardp  pI play the card, and it add a value to the row playedcardp  pThe row has now a new record 8Clubsp  pIts okay, I can see the played card because when I played it, the page refreshed, but not for the othersp  pAnd I wanted to others players to see the card withouth manually refreshing... I know I can refresh only a div everysecond with Javascript, and put the php code to see if there is a new record inside that div, but it isnt professional and it may overload the server...p  pI was thinking something like that obviously it is completely different, Im just trying to explain my logicp  pAjaxjQuery codep  precodecheck ifrowplayedcard.newrecord  true  Do something  codepre  pAnd I wanted to know if it is possible to be always checking not refreshing that function every second, it would be like something instantly. In the moment I play a card it would immediately show to the others the card played...p
Negative 3262 pI have a link to an image that opens with nyroModal. Everything works great except for the fact that the Modal window is placed in the middle of the page instead of in the middle of the browser window. This makes it so only the top half or so of the image is visible. I should note that the image is pretty large, Im just expecting nyroModal to resize the image based on the browser size.p  pHeres a screenshot of the problem a hrefhttpimgur.comTFDsujI relnofollowhttpimgur.comTFDsujIap  pScreenshot of where it works better, but still has the problem a hrefhttpimgur.comq1mTkKL relnofollowhttpimgur.comq1mTkKLap  pIs there any way to make it so that nyroModal places the window and resizes it based on the browser window dimensions as opposed to the page sizep  pEDIT Ive kept trying to fix the problem, and have documented some more details about it. 1. This problem only exists in Firefox and Chrome. The latest version of IE has absolutely no problem.  2. The modal window seems to open at exactly 50 down the total page height. This means that if the page is long enough, the modal window will be entirely outside of the view port.  3. The window opens in the same place regardless of image size, or if there is no content in it at all.p  pIve emailed the developer of nyroModal as a last ditch effort and havent recieved any reply.p  pHere is the code in which Im using nyroModalp  precodeltdiv classsegment  onmouseoverdocument.getElementByIdhypocricy.style.display  block onmouseoutdocument.getElementByIdhypocricy.style.display  nonegt     ltdiv idhypocricy styledisplaynonegt         ltdiv idthumbDescriptiongt         lth2gtHypocricy Sculpturelth2gt         ltdiv classthumbDescriptionLinksgt             ltdiv classthumbDescriptionLinkBoxgt             lta hrefprojectshypocricyhypocricy1.jpg classnyroModal relgalhypocricygtzoomltagt             lta hrefzoomimageshypocricy2.jpg styledisplaynone classnyroModal relgalhypocricy gtltagt             lta hrefzoomimageshypocricy3.jpg styledisplaynone classnyroModal relgalhypocricy gtltagt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classthumbDescriptionLinkBoxgtlta hrefhypocricyprocess.htmlgtprocessltagtltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltpgtA sculpture of two intersecting heads made up of layers of bass wood.ltbrgtltbrgt         For this, I cut many evenly spaced slices out of a 3d head model. Importing the top view of these cross sections into Illustrator allowed me to cut them out of a sheet of bass wood via laser cutter. The slices were then assembled into two separate heads using circular spacers between each slice.ltpgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltimg srcworkschoolthumbshypocricy.jpg gt ltdivgt codepre  pTheres basically a square div with another square div on top of it which is hidden. Once you mouse over the lower div, the hidden div becomes visible, and there is a link inside to the nyroModal image.p
Negative 3262 pCan someone please explain to me why my picker is not showing any data when i load from plist p  pThis is plistp  precode ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC AppleDTD PLIST 1.0EN httpwww.apple.comDTDsPropertyList1.0.dtdgt ltplist version1.0gt   ltdictgt     ltkeygtEnglandltkeygt     ltarraygt         ltstringgtChelsealtstringgt         ltstringgtArsenalltstringgt     ltarraygt     ltkeygtSpainltkeygt     ltarraygt         ltstringgtBarcaltstringgt         ltstringgtRealltstringgt     ltarraygt  ltdictgt ltplistgt  codepre  pThis is part of viewController.mp  precode  voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]     NSBundle bundle  [NSBundle mainBundle]     NSURL plistFile  [bundle URLForResourcemyPListFile withExtensionplist]     NSDictionary dictionary  [NSDictionary dictionaryWithContentsOfURLplistFile]     self.countryClubs  dictionary      NSString selectedCountry  [self.countries objectAtIndex0]     NSArray array  [countryClubs objectForKeyselectedCountry]     self.clubs  array    NSIntegernumberOfComponentsInPickerViewUIPickerView pickerView      return 2    NSIntegerpickerViewUIPickerView pickerView numberOfRowsInComponentNSIntegercomponent      if component  0         return [self.countries count]     return [self.clubs count]    NSString pickerViewUIPickerView pickerView titleForRowNSIntegerrow         forComponentNSIntegercomponent      if component  0         return [self.countries objectAtIndexrow]     return [self.clubs objectAtIndexrow]    voidpickerViewUIPickerView pickerView didSelectRowNSIntegerrow        inComponentNSIntegercomponent         if component  0           NSString selectedCountry  [self.countries objectAtIndexrow]          NSArray array  [countryClubs objectForKeyselectedCountry]          self.clubs  array          [picker selectRow0 inComponent1 animatedYES]          [picker reloadComponent1]       codepre  pin viewController.h i got p  precode property nonatomic, strongNSDictionary countryClubs property nonatomic, strongNSArray countries property nonatomic, strongNSArray clubs codepre  pand in viewController.m i gotp  precodesynthesize countryClubscountryClubs synthesize countriescountries synthesize clubsclubs codepre  pIf anyone could explain why is picker blank i would appreciate it really much, it seems to that plist is not loaded because if i write p  precodeself.clubs   [[NSArray alloc]      initWithObjectsmilimetar,centimetar,metar,kilometar,inc,stopa,jard,milja, nil] codepre  ppicker is showing data.p
Negative 3262 pI have a user control which has a public property e.g. AlarmID and this control is wrapped inside a div and when user presses a button on the page, in codebehind the public property of that user control becomes set. then a ScriptManager.RegisterStartupScript is called to show a modal popup which is a div wrapping that control.p  pMy problem is that although in codebehind I first set the public property of that user control, but when the modal popup shows that user control, I cannot access that propertyp  pI used ControlPreRender, and ControlLoad events but none of them were able to show the correct value of that property in a label inside that control.p  pFor more clarification, here is my code in the codebehind of the controlp  precodeprotected void ControlLoadobject sender, EventArgs e                      lblAlarmCode.Text  alarmID.ToString                   public int AlarmID                      get                              return this.alarmID                          set                              this.alarmID  value                       codepre  pWhat is the exact lifecycle event in which I can catch the property to be shown correctly by that labelp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pThis is my codep  precodeselect maxvhisdata.C0432SAMPLVALUE1R, vhisdata.C0401aid from vhisdata, T0401accounts where vhisdata.C0401aid  T0401accounts.C0401aid and  vhisdata.c0401aid between 1179 and 1291 or vhisdata.c0401aid between 1382 and 1402 or vhisdata.c0401aid between 1462 and 1620 or   and so on until...  vhisdata.c0401aid between 5450 and 5485 or vhisdata.c0401aid between 5503 and 5495 or  codepre  pthese numbers represent various points in the systemp  pThe program displayed an errorp  precode vhisdata.c0401aid between 1179 and 1291 or   ERROR at line 5 ORA00936 missing expression codepre  pWhat Ive noticed is that the first part of the error references the strongfirst linestrong in the  codeand  ... code part of my code. I have also noticed that there is an extra codeorcode on the stronglast linestrong of my code. I can take it out, but is this extra codeorcode the emonlyem reason that the whole codeand ...code part does not work Or is there another reason that my code is not workingp  pstrongI guess a subquestion of mine, then, is, if there is a missing expression, where does the code stop executing properlystrongp  pFor example, here, the missing expression is potentially the last line because it is expecting something after the or. However, the code does not even go through the first line of the codeand ...code part of the code.p  pI have combed the net for explanations dealing with the error emORA00936 missing expressionem but have not found anything relevant enough to help me in this particular situation.p  pI welcome any criticism or advice you may have, and thank you so much in advance for any contributions that you give mep
Negative 3262 pIm getting codenullcode when trying to find codeltbodygtcode element with codequerySelectorcode on codedocumentcode object after compiling to javascript. Heres the Dart codep    pre classlangdart prettyprintoverridecodevoid main    printdocument.querySelectorbody  gt null  codepre  pThis also produces a range errorp    pre classlangdart prettyprintoverridecodedocument.getElementsByTagNamebody[0]  gt Range error, obviously the List is empty codepre  pThe dart code works just fine in Dartium though.p
Negative 3262 pI know I can create new views by codeplugin.xmlcode. Also I can create new views by codeIPerpspectiveFactory.createInitialLayoutIPageLayoutcode with code likep  precodelayout.addViewChatView.ID, IPageLayout.LEFT, 1.0f, editorArea codepre  pIs it possible to do the same from another view by commandp  pAlso my view is not singleton, so I wish to create view copies.p  pUnfortunately, with code likep  precodeHandlerUtil.getActiveWorkbenchWindowevent.getActivePage.showViewviewId codepre  pI have no ability to define view position within a layout. I woould like to pass all new views to layout folder.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI have modified the perspective code the following wayp  precodepublic void createInitialLayoutIPageLayout layout           String editorArea  layout.getEditorArea          layout.addViewIConsoleConstants.IDCONSOLEVIEW, IPageLayout.BOTTOM, 0.75f, editorArea          layout.addViewCoreSettingsView.ID, IPageLayout.LEFT, 0.25f, editorArea          layout.addViewChatView.ID, IPageLayout.LEFT, 1.0f, editorArea          IFolderLayout folder  layout.createFolderchatfolder, IPageLayout.LEFT, 1.0f, editorArea         folder.addPlaceholderChatView.ID      codepre  pCommented line previously was causing that chat view appeared in the main region of perspective.p  pNow I changed it according to advices to have placeholder in the same place.p  pThe code of handlers execute is followsp  precodeOverride     public Object executeExecutionEvent event throws ExecutionException          try              ChatView chatView  ChatView HandlerUtil.getActiveWorkbenchWindowevent.getActivePage.showView                     ChatView.ID,                      Integer.toStringcounter,                      IWorkbenchPage.VIEWACTIVATE           catch PartInitException e              e.printStackTrace                  return event      codepre  pthis causes new view appear, but they all appear in the same place as console view located. I.e. not that place it was appearing when positioned directly.p  pWhyp  pstrongUPDATE 2strongp  pThis is is picture about how it happens with placeholder. Red arrows show where new views actually appear if green button pressed. Blue arrow shows where views should appear and where it one instance actually appears if explicitly positioned in perspectivep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqivJy.jpg altenter image description herep  pstrongUPDATE 3strongp  pThe following workedp  precode    IFolderLayout folder  layout.createFolderchatfolder, IPageLayout.LEFT, 1.0f, editorArea     folder.addPlaceholderChatView.ID   codepre  pAlso I used 1.0f despite 0.95f is considered to be a maximum. If I use 0.95f then not full area is occupied.p
Negative 3262 pI setup an exception handling class to log errors to the database which works really well but I was wondering if I can also somehow setup the application so any error outside of a try catch will call the same procedure somehowp  pIt works well most of the time and shows a screen with an error code to the user but I want to be able to use this friendly error screen each time but on the odd occasion an error outside of the try catch is thrown and it shows the normal asp.net error.p  pThe catch I usep  precodecatch SqlException ex    ExceptionHandling.SQLExceptionex, constPageID, constIsSiteSpecific  codepre
Negative 3262 pI need to get a codeCGColorcode from a codeCGGradientRefcode, and use the color as a stroke colour in a drawing app for iOS 7. Is that possiblep
Negative 3262 pwe are working on a sequentially designed oracle application and we need to achieve parallel processing for that design.p  pExplination  We will get data into our external table from files and from there data will be moved into physical table for furthur processing. In this processing we have used some packages,triggers etc. which will process sequentially and moves the data into respective physical tables. So the problem is file has to wait for the previous file to complete fully. We have to deal with multiple users so it was a bottleneck for our situation.p  pIs there any way to achieve parallel processing so that multiple files can be processed at a shotp
Negative 3262 pI have these pages on my old server with old domain namep  precodewww.olddomainname.comenBusinessBiodiversity2ColumnSubPageSTEL1.html www.olddomainname.comenBusinessBiodiversity2ColumnSubPageSTEL2.html codepre  pI will be shutting this server off, moving everything to new server with new domain name. I will keep old domain name around for redirect purposes.p  pOn the new server i have a google like search page which is listening to the hashtag in the URL to perform a search. p  pNow my question isbr On .htaccess file i want to have 301 redirect script to redirect old strongPAGESstrong from old server to a single page on the new server with new domain name and new page name strongBUTstrong I also want to pass strongname of old pagestrong as a hashtag to new URL as well. So new URLs will look like thisp  precodewww.newdomainname.comsearch.phpSTEL1.html www.newdomainname.comsearch.phpSTEL2.html codepre  pIt would be awesome if the script can do batch pages. I would really appreciate any helpp  pThanks, Zaurp
Negative 3262 pI have some thought on how layout works in Android development.p  pI have written an app for a tablet with full HD resolution 10 Xperia Z1 Tablet, 1920 x 1200. The app looks good and works well on the tablet. The app is always in landscape mode.p  pWhen I install the same app on a 4.8 phone, that has half the resolution 1280 x 800, I need to specify a different layout and name the folders using the w thingie and change the layout so it fits the phone better.p  pstrongTABLETstrongbr So, for the tablet I think I should usep  precodelayoutw1359dpland codepre  pand the reason is thisp  pDpi 226 a hrefhttppixeldensitycalculator.comh1920ampv1200ampd10 relnofollowhttppixeldensitycalculator.comh1920ampv1200ampd10abr Width px 1920br Calculation 1920  226160  1920  1,4125  1359p  pstrongPHONEstrongbr And for the phonep  precodelayoutw652dpland codepre  pand the reason is thisp  pDpi 314 a hrefhttppixeldensitycalculator.comh1280ampv800ampd4.8 relnofollowhttppixeldensitycalculator.comh1280ampv800ampd4.8abr Width px 1280br Calculation 1280  314160  1280  1,9625 652p  pstrongThe problemstrongp  pIts not working. It looks as bad as it always does. It doesnt seem that it takes the layoutw652dpland into account at all.p  pThe images shows the problem, and I dont get why it doesnt matter what I do in the layoutw652dpland folder...p  pAnyone have any idea as to why the folders are not respectedp  pstrongTABLET VIEW ALL OKstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comNTPCd.png altenter image description herep  p SAMSUNG S3 PHONE VIEW before and after the foldernamechange p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comiQpB5.png altenter image description herep  pstrong EDIT strongp  pI waited with posting the XML, as I didnt want to make this post too large, and I wasnt sure it was relevant to the overall question, but here it is p  pbookingrow.xml  each row is defined by thisp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltFrameLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheight50dp     androidbackgroundAAF0F0F0gt      lt TODO Update blank fragment layout gt      ltTableLayout         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightfillparent         androidlayoutgravitycenter gt          ltTableRow             androidididbookingrowtablerow             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparent             androidpadding0dp             androidgravitycentervertical             androidbackgroundandroiddrawablelistselectorbackground             gt              ltView                 androidididbookingrowstatuscolor                 androidlayoutwidth30dp                 androidbackgroundandroidcolorholoreddarkgtltViewgt              ltView                 androidididView01                 androidlayoutwidth3px                 androidlayoutheightfillparent                 androidbackground22000000 gt              ltFrameLayout                 androidlayoutwidthfillparent                 androidlayoutheightfillparent                 androidbackgroundFFFFFF                 androidlayoutgravitycenter gt                  ltTextView                     androidididbookingrowtvtime                     androidlayoutwidth60dp                     androidlayoutheightfillparent                     androidtext1310                     androidtextSize10sp                     androidlayoutcolumn3                     androidpadding5dp                      androidgravitycenter                     gt             ltFrameLayoutgt              ltView                 androidididView01                 androidlayoutwidth0px                 androidlayoutheight0dp                 androidbackground46000000 gt             ltView                 androidididView01                 androidlayoutwidth0px                 androidlayoutheight0dp                 androidbackground00ffffff gt              ltTextView                 androidididbookingrowtvname                 androidlayoutwidth200dp                 androidtextTest test                 androidtextSize17sp                 androidlayoutcolumn3                 androidpadding5dp gt              ltView                 androidididView01                 androidlayoutwidth3px                 androidlayoutheightfillparent                 androidbackground22000000 gt              ltImageView                 androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                 androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                 androidididbookingrowimageviewdirection                 androidlayoutcolumn1                 androidsrcdrawableiconcarincoming                 androidpadding5dp                 gt              ltView                 androidididView01                 androidlayoutwidth3px                 androidlayoutheightfillparent                 androidbackground22000000 gt              ltTextView                 androidididbookingrowtvaddress                 androidlayoutwidth250dp                 androidtextSome address                 androidtextSize17sp                 androidlayoutcolumn3                 androidpadding5dp gt              ltView                 androidididView01                 androidlayoutwidth3px                 androidlayoutheightfillparent                 androidbackground22000000 gt              ltTextView                 androidididbookingrowtvdelayInfo                 androidlayoutwidth80dp                 androidtextInfo info                 androidtextSize17sp                 androidlayoutcolumn3                 androidpadding5dp gt              ltView                 androidididView01                 androidlayoutwidth3px                 androidlayoutheightfillparent                 androidbackground22000000 gt               ltImageView                 androidlayoutmargin5dp                 androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                 androidididbookingrowgpsvalid                 androidsrcdrawableicongpsvalid gt              ltView                 androidididView01                 androidlayoutwidth3px                 androidlayoutheightfillparent                 androidbackground22000000                 androidvisibilitygone gt              ltTextView                 androidididbookingrowtvmiscInfo                 androidlayoutwidth200dp                 androidtextFramplats, ENS                 androidtextSize30sp                 androidlayoutcolumn3                 androidpadding5dp                 androidvisibilitygone gt         ltTableRowgt      ltTableLayoutgt ltFrameLayoutgt codepre
Negative 3262 pIm trying to use carbon for use diffInMinutes, that works great, but before I do this I convert my timestamp in carbon format  I do p  precodeteste 20141212 150000  entrada  CarboncreateFromFormatYmd Hms, teste codepre  pbut when I ddteste, entradap  precodestring 20141212 150000 length19  objectCarbonCarbon[340]   public date gt string 20131212 150000 length19   public timezonetype gt int 3   public timezone gt string AmericaSaoPaulo length17 codepre  panyone knows how fix this thx in advancep
Negative 3262 blockquote   pReply div p blockquote  precodelta href classshowhide styletextalignrightgtReplyltagt ltdiv classslidingDivgt  ltdiv classcontainergt ltdiv idmyDivgt lta href classshowhide1 stylefloatright textdecorationnone fontsize14px fontweightbold color000gt Xltagt  ltform methodpost nameform actiongt lttable width97 border0gt  lttr height100pxgt lttdgtMessagelttdgt lttdgtlttdgt lttd colspan4gtlttextarea namemsg cols50 rows6 requiredgtlttextareagtlttdgt lttrgt lttr height30pxgt lttdgtEmaillttdgt lttdgtlttdgt lttdgtltinput nameemail typeemail requiredgtlttdgt      lttdgtMobilelttdgt    lttdgtlttdgt      lttdgtltinput namemob typetext required placeholder91 maxlength10gtlttdgt lttrgt  lttr height30pxgt lttd colspan6 alignrightgt ltinput typesubmit valuePost namesubmit classsubmitbutton onclickloadXMLDocgtlttdgt   lttrgt  ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt lttablegt  ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt ltformgt ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  blockquote   pAjax content p blockquote  pScript for show hide div which is in while loopp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt document.readyfunction   var slides  .slidingDiv.hide .showhide.show.clickfunction       if it is the reply link then find the next element     var slider  this.next.slidingDiv     if slider.length          if the link inside the slider div is cliced then find the ancestor element         slider  this.closest.slidingDiv          slides.notslider.stoptrue, true.slideUp     slider.stoptrue, true.slideToggle   ltscriptgt codepre  blockquote   pAjax which ll send data to database p blockquote  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt function  .submitbutton.clickfunction  var textcontent  content.val var dataString  content textcontent iftextcontent  alertEnter some text.. content.focus  else  flash.show flash.fadeIn400.htmlltspan classloadgtLoading..ltspangt .ajax type POST, url action.php, data dataString, cache true, success functionhtml show.afterhtml document.getElementByIdcontent.value flash.hide content.focus      return false   ltscriptgt   ltscriptgt  function loadXMLDoc    var xmlhttp   if window.XMLHttpRequest    code for IE7, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari  xmlhttpnew XMLHttpRequest    else   code for IE6, IE5  xmlhttpnew ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP    xmlhttp.onreadystatechangefunction    if xmlhttp.readyState4 ampamp xmlhttp.status200    document.getElementByIdmyDiv.innerHTMLxmlhttp.responseText     xmlhttp.openGET,ajax.txt,true xmlhttp.send  ltscriptgt codepre  blockquote   preply.txtp blockquote  pmessage sentp  pNow the problem is, i ve while loop for reply .. so if i m posting in the 3rd reply link, the 1st reply link got posted with msg sent mesage.. second validtion is not working drctly the reply.txt msg is showing n 3rd value is not inserting to databasep
Negative 3262 pI would like to have the url call and if test done as batch, draft as shell script below, what would the Windows equivilent of the following shell script look likep  precodetmp curl s httpserver.my.lantest.php   if [ tmp  0 ] then    Windows calls 2 next lines, the action I would like if the URL does not return 0   net stop World Wide Web Publishing Service   net start World Wide Web Publishing Service fi codepre  pWhat is the Windows equivilent of curlp
Negative 3262 pSo I have the given modelp  precodeclass FooBarmodels.Model     foo  models.ForeignKeyFoo,nullTrue,blankTrue     bar  models.ForeignKeyBar,nullTrue,blankTrue     fooflag  models.BooleanFielddefaultFalse     barflag  models.BooleanFielddefaultFalse codepre  pwhere the logic was that at all times, there can either be a foreign key to codeFoocode or codeBarcode and not both.But now the logic has changed so that there is always a codeFoocode foreign key and sometimes a codeBarcode. So my new model looks as suchp  precodeclass FooBarmodels.Model     foo  models.ForeignKeyFoo     bar  models.ForeignKeyBar,nullTrue,blankTrue     barflag  models.BooleanFielddefaultFalse codepre  pNow here is the complex part. The codeBarcode model looks as suchp  precodeclass Barmodels.Model     foo  models.ForeignKeyFoo codepre  pso for every previously existing item in the database where the codefoocode field is codenullcode and therefore there is a foreign key to codeBarcode, I need the codefoocode field to get a foreign key to the same codeFoocode object that has the codebarcode fields object has a foreign key to. Here is the logic stepped outp  ol lidelete codeFooBar.fooflagcodeli lipopulate all null codefoocode foreign keys with the codeFoocode objects from the codeBarcode foreign keysli lino longer allow null in codefoocode fieldli ol  pstrongHow could I go about writing this migrationstrongp
Negative 3262 pThe documentation for codecondacode has a hrefhttpdocs.continuum.iocondaintro.html relnofollowthe following exampleap  precode conda create n py33 python3.3 anaconda codepre  pMy question is, why do we specify codeanacondacode as an argument here what other options are available and what are the differences p  pIs codeanacondacode here a metapackage If so, what other metapackages are availablep
Negative 3262 pI was hoping to retrieve some easy information for my mediawiki application and I would like to scrape certain websites. Ive previously built webcrawlers with Nokogiri and the Wheneverize gem ruby.p  pHowever, this time I would like to take the information crawled and put it up on another website my wikipedia. I want to be able to log in on the site and post the retrieved information. Has anyone done this before or know some way of doing this Would love to see a guide on posting on a site with ruby but am not afraid of trying python or some other language.p  pThanks for any suggestionp
Negative 3262 pI am having some trouble with the already well known EOL problem and Git. I usually work with two machinesp  ul liM1 Work Windows 7 and Netbeans  VMWare  Debian as a local server.li liM2 Home Mac OS and Netbeans  Parallels  Samba  Debian as a local server.li ul  pI started this project with Windows. I configured my Mac this weekend and when I cloned the project, all files ara shown as modified. Ive already seen many posts and read the official git article a hrefhttpshelp.github.comarticlesdealingwithlineendingsplatformlinux relnofollowDealing with line endingsa about this problem. But I am still having some questionsp  ul liWhen I work with Windows, I figure that all files have CRLF end of line... Even if I made the git pull through ssh then Linux writes the files on Windowsli liIn M2, when I clone the entire project, it is supposed that Git changes automatically all the EOL according to Git Global config or code.gitattributescode file. When I edit these files by Netbeans through Samba in Mac OS is again the EOF changedli ul  pSo, it is clear that Git has to automanage the EOL because Im working with different platforms, but I dont know how exactly make the approach. It would be good as well to know more in deep in which way Git applies this autocrlf on the different commands pull, commit, checkout, etc....p
Negative 3262 pI want Jenkins to build my Eclipse feature project with Ant and deploy the site with incrementing version numers. I didnt find some standard usecase for using Jenkins as CI Server building Eclipse features with Ant, so maybe some of you can help me with that.p  pthanks, Christianp
Negative 3262 pHow to read the files in the current working directoryp  pI have used getcwd for current working directory. From this location I need to read all the files. I used readdir, but its not working.p  pMy code p  precodeuse Cwd my loc  getcwd loc  sg print location  locn opendirREAD,loc my files  readdirREAD close READ print filesn codepre
Negative 3262 pIm here with a question about CSS in IE8 and asking for possible workarounds.p  pI have a site with a sortofstickyfooter.p  pI have a strongdivstrong that is em100100em in emsizeem, in a strongbodystrong element with set emminwidthem and emminheightem.p  pWhich means the strongdivstrong is stretched to the window size unless the window is too small, in that case, scrollbars appear.p  pInside that strongdivstrong, I have another strongdivstrong element a sticky footer, with emabsolute positionem to the embottomem of the strongdivstrong. emThe minheightem of the body is set exactly that when the footer strongdivstrong hits the pages content it stops moving up, so it doesnt overlap with the content. Now it works good in all browsers except strongIE8strong. There are always problems with IE8...p  pWhat it does on IE8 is, that during the pages loading the footer strongdivstrong sets itself on the bottom of the screen, strongregardless of the minheightstrong, so on small screens it overlaps with the content strongandstrong scrolling doesnt move it, so it just stays frozen wherever it appears on the page.p  pSo it seems that the problem isnt in the footer, but the main strongdivstrong not resizing to em100em of the screen...p  pWhat can I do about itp  pYou can check it a hrefhttpwww.brejchablatna.czpageid12 relnofollowherea the pages code is horrible, I just got it to fix some stuff thats not working and optimizing it for IE8 is a tough, tough jobp  hr  pUnder the line Shouldnt there be a separate StackExchange site for webdesign I mean, stackoverflow is for enthusiastic strongprogrammersstrong and webdesign isnt really programming unless were asking about PHP, JS etc. which isnt much about design...p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to access the homepageswebsites from the users contacts on a iPad. Im actually trying to modify an existing script that is used as a Native Extension for Adobe Air  a hrefhttpsgithub.commemellerContactEditorblobmasterContactEditorXCodeContactEditor.m relnofollowhttpsgithub.commemellerContactEditorblobmasterContactEditorXCodeContactEditor.map  pIm very new to ObjectiveCxCode so Im really struggling get this extra field returned... Please can you someone help me out.p  precodeFREObject homepagesArray  NULL FRENewObjectconst uint8tArray, 0, NULL, amphomepagesArray, nil ABMultiValueRef homepages  ABRecordCopyValueperson, kABPersonHomePageLabel ifhomepages      for CFIndex k0 k lt ABMultiValueGetCounthomepages k          NSString homepage  bridge NSStringABMultiValueCopyValueAtIndexhomepages, k         DLogAdding homepage ,homepage         FRENewObjectFromUTF8strlen[homepage UTF8String]1, const uint8t[homepage UTF8String], ampretStr         FRESetArrayElementAthomepagesArray, k, retStr         [email release]          CFReleasehomepages     FRESetObjectPropertycontact, const uint8thomepages, homepagesArray, NULL  else     FRESetObjectPropertycontact, const uint8thomepages, NULL, NULL retStrNULL codepre
Negative 3262 pI just downloaded a file of my Synology Diskstation but the content looks like this a hrefhttppastebin.comeLLM8UZR relnofollowhttppastebin.comeLLM8UZRap  pIs there a way to decrypt itp  pThe file is the youtube.php file for the Downloadstation.p
Negative 3262 pI am using bootstrap for my portfolio, and i want the fixed navbar to have a height of 150px. Anyways, I cant figure out how to do this.p  pIs there anybody here who knows how to do that p  pMany thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI am using a hrefhttpwww.deploymaster.comDeployMastera to build an installer for a 32bit Windows application written in C using Qt.p  pThe executable depends on the Visual Studio 2013 redistributable  i.e., the a hrefhttpwww.microsoft.comenusdownloaddetails.aspxid4078432bit Visual Studio 2013 redistributablea must be installed by the end user, prior to running this application.p  pI have googled, and looked at other StackOverflow questions.  In particular, a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma657693368896this link provides the exact Registry key to checka, but for the case of VS 2008.p  pI need VS 2013, not VS 2008.p  pHowever, ideally it will be a reliable registry check  not a programmatic solution  because I can easily check a registry key with a DeployMaster installer.  If the system is determined to not have the redistributable installed, its also easy to have the DeployMaster installer kick off the installer.p  pDoes anybody know a reliable method, preferably using a Registry key, that allows to make it possible to determine if the 32bit VS 2013 redistributable is installed on an endusers machinep
Negative 3262 pCould be a very naive question, but was wondering how this stuff works Lets assume that we have 10 projects in Visual Studio, and 5 of them have references to an external DLL say Ext.dll, using a relative path.p  pNow when my application is deployed an running on client machine, would Ext.dll get loaded 5 times in memory Or would it just get loaded once and gets used by other referencing projectsp
Negative 3262 pHello guys please i built an app with windows phone studio, but they do not have a website section, to open a website within my app not linking to default browser, but withing the app So please how can i add a new page for this website section in the app using visual studio, and i need the website navigate with back button, cos i tried one that shows the website, but no matter how deep i navigate into the website, once i click the back button on my phone, it closesexits  the app.p  pThanks and much appreciate your responsep
Negative 3262 pI am trying to write a function which gets me the substring of a string stored in a variable.p  pI have done the followingp  precode  ltglobal summarys  getSummarySubstringactiveItem, 44,gt     ltfunction getSummarySubstring item summaryIdgt          ltassign Summary  helper.getLinkedItemsitem,summaryId,gt          ltassign SubSummary  Summarysubstring0,140gt          ltreturn SubSummary gt    ltfunctiongt  codepre  pI get a freemarker error sayingp  precode Caused by freemarker.core.ParseException Encountered  at line 111, column 36 in    remoteIndexing55516.                                                 Was expecting one of   in ...    gt ...    ltEMPTYDIRECTIVEENDgt ...    . ...   [ ...    ...     ...    ...    ltTERMINATINGEXCLAMgt ...     ...     ...      ...     ...     ...     ...     ...     ...     ...    gt ...    ltESCAPEDGTEgt ...    gt ...    ltSTRINGLITERALgt ... codepre  pCan any body help please p
Negative 3262 pI am new to java. I have created a listview and named my package as AndroidList and tried to see how it works on the emulator but it brings out the error Unfortunately Androidlist has stopped.p  pHere is the .java codep  precodepackage com.exercise.androidlist  import android.app.ListActivity import android.os.Bundle import android.widget.ArrayAdapter  public class AndroidList extends ListActivity    String[] DayOfWeek  Sunday, Monday, Tuesday,    Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday         Called when the activity is first created.      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.main         setListAdapternew ArrayAdapterltStringgtthis,          android.R.layout.simplelistitem1, DayOfWeek       codepre  pAnd here is the logcatp  precode    0213 212402.330 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0     0213 212402.330 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0     0213 212402.390 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0     0213 212402.390 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0     0213 212402.500 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0     0213 212402.531 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0     0213 212402.531 IChoreographer409 Skipped 35 frames The application may be      doing too much work on its main thread.     0213 212402.600 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0     0213 212402.600 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0     0213 212402.693 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0     0213 212402.693 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0     0213 212402.720 IChoreographer409 Skipped 44 frames  The application may be doing too much work on its main thread.     0213 212402.812 EStrictMode628 android.app.ServiceConnectionLeaked Service    com.android.exchange.ExchangeService has leaked ServiceConnection com.android.emailcommon.service.ServiceProxyProxyConnection40cda940 that was originally bound here 0213 212402.812 EStrictMode628  at android.app.LoadedApkServiceDispatcher.ltinitgtLoadedApk.java969 0213 212402.812 EStrictMode628  at android.app.LoadedApk.getServiceDispatcherLoadedApk.java863 0213 212402.812 EStrictMode628  at android.app.ContextImpl.bindServiceContextImpl.java1418 0213 212402.812 EStrictMode628  at android.app.ContextImpl.bindServiceContextImpl.java1407 0213 212402.812 EStrictMode628  at android.content.ContextWrapper.bindServiceContextWrapper.java473 0213 212402.812 EStrictMode628  at com.android.emailcommon.service.ServiceProxy.setTaskServiceProxy.java157 0213 212402.812 EStrictMode628  at  0213 212405.291 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0 0213 212405.291 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0 0213 212405.380 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0 0213 212405.380 WTrace409 Unexpected value from nativeGetEnabledTags 0 0213 212405.411 IChoreographer409 Skipped 39 frames  The application may be doing too much work on its main thread. codepre
Negative 3262 pi have the following methodsp  precodestatic DataContext dc  public static Int32 GetTotalRecordsForTable1      DataContext dc  new DataContext      return dc.GetTableltTable1gt.Count   public static Int32 GetTotalRecordsForTable2      DataContext dc  new DataContext      return dc.GetTableltTable2gt.Count  codepre  pand son on.p  pi want to have a method that will accept the table as argument p  precodepublic static Int32 GetTotalRecordsForTable1Tablelttgt myTable      DataContext dc  new DataContext      return dc.GetTableltmyTablegt.Count  codepre  phow can i do that p
Negative 3262 pThis question has already been asked, but has no answer  I believe because not enough information was provided.p  pI am using the bxslider as my template. See here a hrefhttpbxslider.comexamplesimageslideshowcaptions relnofollowhttpbxslider.comexamplesimageslideshowcaptionsap  pI can create a very simply caption using the title attribute, but I want to be able to create subtitles with different attributes like smaller text and I want to turn this into a link. Ive tried implementing a div within the container, and perhaps obviously, I cant get that to sync with the slider without implementing it with jquery. Ive also tried editing the CSS to no avail.p  pHow can I add a caption that more than just an image title Like a div overlaying the picturep  pHere is the JS fiddle including the HTML, CSS, and Javascript. a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netamptogetherjselhzvJ0eyf relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netamptogetherjselhzvJ0eyfap
Negative 3262 pI am currently in the process of recreating our schools website, as its predecessor was quite painful to navigate  maintain.p  pWe currently have an MS SQL Server with all of the data needed for the dynamic stuff.p  pMy main issue is that ALL the website text needs to be editable by management, but in the middle of the text there may be a custom control or dynamic data but that is not my issue. I was originally thinking of allowing a place holder and then having the server scan the text and replacing it with a web user control, however this has proved to be very difficult and probably bad practice.p  pI have spent almost a day searching Google attempting to find a solution but have had no luck with anything I have found.p
Negative 3262 pI am triyng to get the 3 columns of a NumPy RGB arrayp  precodeprint px [[[  0   0   0]   [255 255 255]   [255   0   0]   [  0 255   0]   [  0   0 255]]]  print px[,0] print px[,1] print px[,2]  [[0 0 0]] [[255 255 255]] [[255   0   0]] codepre  pbut I would like to get the R, G and B likep  precode[[0 255 255 0 0]] [[0 255 0 255 0]] [[0 255 0 0 255]] codepre  pCould you help mep  pThank youp  pHugop
Negative 3262 pPyCharm is showing me that some code is unreachable within a method before the return statement is reached. I cannot help but wonder how is that even remotely possiblep  precodedef postself      get the desired parameters     username  self.request.getuser     password  self.request.getpass      if not self.REGEX.matchusername or not self.REGEX.matchpassword         logging.debugRegistrationHandler Bad credentials gt, username, password         self.failbad username or password          print Blah  lt shows as UNREACHABLE          return  lt shows as UNREACHABLE  codepre  pcodeself.failcode simply calls codeself.response.writethingscode.p  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pYeah, when I surround it with a trycatch clause, the issue is resolved... Strange. Note that the method doesnt emalwaysem raise an exception.p
Negative 3262 pIm using Dev C 4.9.9.2 and OpenCV 2.4.8, Im also in Windows 7 x86. These are in my compiler setting, codeLDopencvbuildx86vc12bin lopencvhighgui248 lopencvcore248 lopencvflann248 lopencvgpu248 lopencvimgproc248 lopencvlegacy248 lopencvml248 lopencvnonfree248 lopencvobjdetect248 lopencvphoto248 lopencvvideo248 lopencvts248.code Every time I compile my simple project, it shows this errors Compiler p  precodeOpenCV Executing  g.exe... g.exe DVS ProjectsWebCamWebCamloadimg.cpp o DVS ProjectsWebCamWebCamloadimg.exe   g3  ICDevCpplibgccmingw323.4.2include  ICDevCppincludec3.4.2backward  ICDevCppincludec3.4.2mingw32  ICDevCppincludec3.4.2  ICDevCppinclude  IDopencvbuildincludeopencv2  IDopencvbuildinclude   LCDevCpplib LDopencvbuildx86vc12lib g3  In file included from Dopencvbuildincludeopencv2corecore.hpp4854,                  from Dopencvbuildincludeopencv2opencv.hpp47,                  from DVS ProjectsWebCamWebCamloadimg.cpp1 Dopencvbuildincludeopencv2coreoperations.hpp In static member function static cvPtrltTp2gt cvAlgorithmcreateconst stdstringamp Dopencvbuildincludeopencv2coreoperations.hpp3972 error expected primaryexpression before gt token Dopencvbuildincludeopencv2coreoperations.hpp3972 error expected primaryexpression before  token  Dopencvbuildincludeopencv2coreoperations.hpp At global scope Dopencvbuildincludeopencv2coreoperations.hpp4024 error got 2 template parameters for void cvAlgorithmInfoaddParamcvAlgorithmamp, const char, cvPtrltTp2gtamp, bool, cvPtrltTp2gt cvAlgorithm, void cvAlgorithmconst cvPtrltTp2gtamp, const stdstringamp Dopencvbuildincludeopencv2coreoperations.hpp4024 error   but 1 required Dopencvbuildincludeopencv2coreoperations.hpp4033 error redefinition of void cvAlgorithmInfoaddParamcvAlgorithmamp, const char, cvPtrltTp2gtamp, bool, cvPtrltTp2gt cvAlgorithm, void cvAlgorithmconst cvPtrltTp2gtamp, const stdstringamp Dopencvbuildincludeopencv2coreoperations.hpp4024 error void cvAlgorithmInfoaddParamcvAlgorithmamp, const char, cvPtrltTp2gtamp, bool, cvPtrltTp2gt cvAlgorithm, void cvAlgorithmconst cvPtrltTp2gtamp, const stdstringamp previously declared here codepre  pEdit there is my code.p  precodeinclude ltopencv2opencv.hppgt  include ltiostreamgt include ltio.hgt  using namespace cv using namespace std  int main int, char     cvVideoCapture camera1    ifcamera.isOpened        stdcerr ltlt ERROR Could not open camera ltlt stdendl     return 1      cvnamedWindowWebcam, CVWINDOWAUTOSIZE   while1        cvMat frame     camera gtgt frame     cvimshowWebcam, frame     if cvwaitKey30 gt 0               imwritetest.jpg, frame         break           return 0  codepre  pExecution terminatedp  pCan you please help me on this Please. Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pim trying to make an android native app for my Wordpress blog. I heard that Wordpress has JSONAPI to handle the information of a blog but I dont know how I could use it. Please, could someone give me a tiny introduction of its use and if I could use the GSON library to manage the information within my Android app  Thanksp
Negative 3262 pIn AddressBook of iPad,when i am trying to add a email, I have an option to set my own Custom Label and give the email, p  pProblem I am not able to fetch that particular label and its value, I am able to get other,iCloud,home,work email IDs from Addressbook.p  pThis is the Code related to what i have donep  precode    Email             ABMultiValueRef emailID  ABRecordCopyValuerecordRef, kABPersonEmailProperty             CFIndex emailCount  ABMultiValueGetCountemailID             PSLogcounter ld,emailCount             NSString emailLabel             NSMutableArray emailLabelsMutArr  [NSMutableArray new]              if emailCount  0                  [nameEmailMutDict setValueNo Mail ID forKeykEmailKey]                          else                              forCFIndex emailCounter  0 emailCounter lt emailCount emailCounter                                      NSMutableDictionary dict  [NSMutableDictionary dictionary]                     [dict setValuecontactFirstName forKeykEmailFirstNameKey]                     [dict setValuecontactLastName forKeykEmailLastNameKey]                     emailLabel  bridge NSStringABMultiValueCopyLabelAtIndexemailID, emailCounter                     [emailLabelsMutArr addObjectemailLabel]                     NSString strEmail  bridge NSString ABMultiValueCopyLabelAtIndexemailID, emailCounter                      if [emailLabel isEqualToStringltHomegt]                          strEmail  bridge NSStringABMultiValueCopyValueAtIndexemailID, emailCounter                         [dict setValuestrEmail forKeykEmailKey]                         contactsObject.contactEmailModal  strEmail                         [self.recordsMutableArray addObjectdict]                         continue                                     codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a rang of emails on each worksheet in a workbook, I want to send the worksheets with the body of a Subject, message body and signature to the email addresses on the worksheet.p  pSubject is working fine, but the body of the message and Signature are not. Below is my VBA code. Please, i really need your help. Thanks a lot.p  precodeSub MaileveryWorksheet     Dim sh As Worksheet     Application.ScreenUpdating  False     For Each sh In ThisWorkbook.Worksheets     On Error Resume Next         If sh.Rangeg1.Value Like  Then             sh.Copy             ActiveWorkbook.SaveAs sh.Name, 56             ActiveWorkbook.SendMail ActiveSheet.Rangeg1.Value,                  sh.Name amp  Data              Kill ActiveWorkbook.FullName             ActiveWorkbook.Close False         End If     Next sh     Application.ScreenUpdating  True     Application.DisplayAlert  False End Sub codepre  pPlease, i really need your help. Thanks so much.p
Negative 3262 pI have issue from yesterday. I decided to move one of spreadsheets to New Google Spreadsheets and it just started to be problem.p  pIn old Google Spreadsheets everything was workingp  precodevar sh  SpreadsheetApp.getActiveSpreadsheet sh.getSheets[0].getRangeA1.setValue1 codepre  pIt should set value as 1, but it always set it as string 1.00000000000000p  pTo be sure that it is a string I used codegetSheetValuescode and unfortunately it confirms my theory it shows type as String in script editor. When I type number in spreadsheet by hand, function codegetSheetValuescode return Integer.p  pIve tried setValue with codesetValueparseInt1code or codesetValueNumber1code.p  pIs this bug in Google Apps Script or is there some bug in my thinkingp
Negative 3262 pIs there any property or any code that I can implement to make an icon inside a codeJLabelcode resizable. Or is there any other item which can store an image, that I could use to have a resizable image inside a codeJFramecodep
Negative 3262 pIm not sure if this is best for stackoverflow, and obviously some of the answers have to be opinionbased, but this is a problem Ive been thinking of for a long time How do you best document convenience functions that call a whole bunch of other functions, without redundantly documenting emevery restriction from every parameterem in the beingcalled functionsp  pFor example, take this function, which is similar to many I have throughout my APIp  precodepublic static final AlterTextLineAdapterltStringReplacergt alterTextLinePattern findwhat, String rplcWithdirect, ValidResultFilter vrfunfilteredIfNull, Appendable debugifNNull      return  alterTextLine       new RegexReplacerCfg.directfindwhat, rplcWithdirect.          matches.debugTodebugifNNull.build,       vrfunfilteredIfNull  codepre  pJust as background [the code works well and I dont need help with that] It creates an object for altering text lines, as read in from a file, replacing each as configured into the codeRegexReplacercode.p  pHere is its textonly documentation I copied this from its JavaDoc webpagep  precodeCreate a textline alterer from a RegexReplacer.  Returns    alterTextLinerr, vrfunfilteredIfNull Where rr is a new RegexReplacer that   directly replaces findwhat with rplcWithdirect,   for the string as a whole via Matcher.matches, and   if nonnull, prints debugging output to debugifNNull. codepre  pThere are lots of links for more information JavaDoc sourcecode is at the bottom, but while it is reasonably informative, it obviously does not communicate every restriction on every parameter.p  pI dont see how to do it, other than byp  ul liDirectly linking to each of the called functions which would imply that the restrictions in the beingcalled function must be heeded by directly pasting the functionbody in the codereturncode, orli liduplicating every codeparamcode from every beingcalled function.li ul  pThe first I think is frowned upon, and the second is not easily maintained.p  pSo how do you best document this kind of function in an eminformative and maintainableem way  I have been struggling with this question for a while.p  pThank you for any advice.p  hr  pHeres the JavaDoc of the above documentationp  precode    ltPgtCreate a textline alterer from a code RegexReplacer.ltPgt     return  link alterTextLineRegexReplacer, ValidResultFilter alterTextLine       rr, vrfunfilteredIfNull    ltBRgtWhere code rr is a new link xbn.text.regex.RegexReplacer thatltULgt       ltLIgtltA HREFRegexReplacer.htmldirectgtdirectlyltAgt replaces           code findwhat with code rplcWithdirect,ltLIgt       ltLIgtfor the string as a whole via           ltCODEgtlink java.util.regex.Matcher Matcher.           link java.util.regex.Matchermatches matchesltCODEgt, andltLIgt       ltLIgtif noncode null, prints debugging output to           code debugifNNull.ltLIgt    ltULgt   codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a strongfreshstrong Windows 8.1 Pro x64 install with a strongfreshstrong Visual Studio 2013 Pro. When trying to compile a project with Platform Toolset to strongWindows7.1SDKstrong Im gettingp  precodeError   1   error MSB6006 CL.exe exited with code 1073741515.   CProgram Files x86MSBuildMicrosoft.Cppv4.0PlatformsWin32Microsoft.Cpp.Win32.targets   57  5   MenuBrowser codepre  pI tried running the supplied Windows SDK Configuration Tool and besides getting an error about Visual Studio 2005 and 2008 not being installed I think it did its job.p  pI tried manually editing the registryp  precodeHKEYLOCALMACHINESOFTWAREMicrosoftMicrosoft SDKsWindows codepre  pwhere I manually put codeCurrentInstallFoldercode as codeCProgram FilesMicrosoft SDKsWindowsv7.1code and codeCurrentVersioncode as code7.1.7600.0.30514code. If I look at the project properties and click the different paths  variables in there  more  Macros, I can see that WindowsSdkDir is correct.p  pAny idea as to what I should try Never ran into this problem on the old development computer with Windows 7 and VS 2012.p  pL.E. as a note, if I try a new project with the v120 tools, it works, but I need the Windows7.1SDK tools.p
Negative 3262 pI am using d3js to display a network of nodes and edges. Within the visualization, I am including an option [HTML Form input] to search nodes. Input can be more than one node.p  pI am having a hard time filtering multiple nodes using the filter function. I searched quite a bit but didnt find a similar issue. Here is the relevant codep  precodesubmitsearch.submitfunctionevent        values separated by commas     var ip  searchnodes.val.split,      converts to integers     forvar i0 iltip.length i ip[i]  parseIntip[i], 10     visualization.selectAllcircle     .filterfunctiond          return ip.indexOfd.name  1  d.name  false          .stylestrokewidth, 15     .stylestrokeopacity, 0.75     .stylefill, black  codepre  pSince indexOf function returns only the first hit, only one node is highlighted. I tried to use jQuerys grep function without success.p  pAdded an image of the visualization. Since Im using django framework locally, it is not available publicly. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhDG8J.jpg altp  pEdit included jsfiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netZqzbN relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netZqzbNa [erroneous] p  pNodes have the attributes degree centrality, group, name, betweenness centrality, degree Edges have the attributes source node, destination node, groupp
Negative 3262 pIn neo4j 2.0 if you try to place a constraint on an index that already has a constraint it throws codeConstraintViolationExceptioncode which is caused by codeAlreadyConstrainedExceptioncodep  pMy question is How do you check if codeConstraintViolationExceptioncode was caused by codeALreadyConstrainedExceptioncode or if it was something else Ive spent several hours googling and trying different things. The following code works, but feels hacky, so Im wondering if there is a better way to do it. p  precodecatchConstraintViolationException e         ife.getCause.getClass.getCanonicalName.equalsorg.neo4j.kernel.api.exceptions.schema.AlreadyConstrainedException             System.out.printlnIndex Already Constrained.                codepre
Negative 3262 pI am trying to execute a git pull from inside a batch file but from what I see you have to run this a hrefhttpwww.cygwin.commlcygwin200106msg00537.html relnofollowhttpwww.cygwin.commlcygwin200106msg00537.htmla script in your .bashrc to get the sshagent running.p  pIs there another way to execute a git pull using certificates from the windows command line or is there a way to run the git commands and make them get executed after the .bashrcp
Negative 3262 pI want to replace full words in text. Type definition is codereplace  [String, String] gt String gt Stringcode. Function example isp  precodereplace [fox, cat, he, she] The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog  result The quick brown cat jumps over the lazy dog codepre  pIt should be with functions codewordscode and codeunwordscode. p  pDo you have any idea p
Negative 3262 pMy goal is to setup my environment to be able to run  stronggit push myapp masterstrong on my local computer AND automatically deployupdate my RoR app on my VPS at Bluehost.p  pOn my computer LinuxUbuntu the RoR app is at  strongvarwwwmyappstrongp  pI followed this GREAT explained a hrefhttpwww.calzzani.comblogp92 relnofollowtutoriala and I have a plenty functional git installation on my VPS server at stronggitrepositorymyappstrongp  pIdeally, my deployed RoR app will be located on Bluehost at strongrailsappsmyappstrongp  pBluehost automatically uses Pushion Passenger, and there is a symlink between strongpublichtmlmyappstrong folder and the public side of the RoR app, located at strongrailsappsmyapppublicstrong.p  pI am stuck with the postreceive git hook and I am not using Capistrano should Ip  pI have been reading many documents with similar goals, like a hrefhttpwww.hagenburger.netBLOGHowtoautodeployRailsappsafterGitpush.html relnofollowthis onea, or a hrefhttpionrails.com20090715installingaprivategitrepositoryonyoursharedhostingaccountbluehost relnofollowthis other onea, I even found a hrefhttprubygems.orggemsgitrails relnofollowthis gema. p  pThere are different ways to achieve same goal and I am still confused because I have not found a postreceive hook example that fits my need and have not grasp the logic. p  pI have been on git guides specific section for a hrefhttpgitscm.comdocsgithooks.html relnofollowhooksa and it tells what you can do but not how to do it, which is great for everyone but a rookie.p  pAny help with the scenario and the goal Will it be easier if I use Capistrano andor gitrails gem Other suggestionsp  pTHANKS.p  pADDITIONp  pHi, I am using Capistano now but have not acheved the goal yet.p  pI have my app at varwwwmyapp on linux local machine. p  pThe git repository remote bare and share is at usermyserverserverusergitrepositorymyapp. p  pI want to deploy to serveruserrailsappsmyapp. p  pAt deploy.rb I have p  psetapplication, myapp. p  pset respository, usermyserverservergitrepositorymyapp. p  psetuser, myusername. p  pset domain, mysite.com. p  pset scm, git. p  psetscmcommand, serveruserbingit. p  pset scmpassphrase, myphrase. p  pset deployto, serveruserrailsappsmyapp. p  pset deployvia, remotecache. p  pset tmpdir, serverusertmp. p  pWhen I run it, tels me fatal No remote configured to list refs from. Can you give me some guidance Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pI am creating an app in which when user logged in he can set settings according to his need.I have preference xmlnamed settings.xml. There are two options there 1 Background Musicon or off through switch preference 2 Choose the songlist preference.Below is my main activity codep  precodepublic class SettingsActivity extends PreferenceActivity   MediaPlayer mp SharedPreferences pref Preference p MyProfile myProfile  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState       TODO Autogenerated method stub     super.onCreatesavedInstanceState      pref  PreferenceManager.getDefaultSharedPreferencesthis     getFragmentManager.beginTransaction.replaceandroid.R.id.content,             new PrefsFragment.commit           PreferenceManager.setDefaultValuesSettingsActivity.this, R.xml.settings, false    SuppressLintValidFragment public class PrefsFragment extends PreferenceFragment        Override       public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState        addPreferencesFromResourceR.xml.settings               Override       public void onResume        super.onResume         Set up a listener whenever a key changes                      getPreferenceScreen.getSharedPreferences.registerOnSharedPreferenceChangeListenerlistener          for int i  0 i lt getPreferenceScreen.getPreferenceCount i              Preference preference  getPreferenceScreen.getPreferencei             if preference instanceof PreferenceGroup                PreferenceGroup preferenceGroup  PreferenceGroup preference               for int j  0 j lt preferenceGroup.getPreferenceCount j                  updatePrefSummarypreferenceGroup.getPreferencej                             else                updatePrefSummarypreference                                       Override       public void onPause          super.onPause         Unregister the listener whenever a key changes            stopPlay         getPreferenceScreen.getSharedPreferences.unregisterOnSharedPreferenceChangeListenerlistener                     public void onDestroy            super.onDestroy             Unregister the listener whenever a key changes                          getPreferenceScreen.getSharedPreferences.unregisterOnSharedPreferenceChangeListenerlistener               OnSharedPreferenceChangeListener listener  new OnSharedPreferenceChangeListener           Override         public void onSharedPreferenceChangedSharedPreferences sharedPreferences,                 String key               TODO Autogenerated method stub              updatePrefSummaryfindPreferencekey               String ringTone  sharedPreferences.getStringprefRingtone, 0              int num  Integer.parseIntringTone                       ifnum  0                     mp MediaPlayer.creategetApplicationContext, R.raw.airtel                                  else ifnum  1                     mp MediaPlayer.creategetApplicationContext, R.raw.dance                                  else ifnum  2                     mp MediaPlayer.creategetApplicationContext, R.raw.dhoom                                  else                     mp MediaPlayer.creategetApplicationContext, R.raw.guitar                                  mp.setLoopingfalse                  ifsharedPreferences.getBooleanprefMusic, false                         mp.start                                   else                          mp.stop                       mp.release                                           private void updatePrefSummaryPreference p            ifp instanceof ListPreference               ListPreference listPref  ListPreference p                  p.setSummarylistPref.getEntry                       else               SwitchPreference swPref  SwitchPreferencep               ifpref.getBooleanprefMusic, true                   swPref.setSwitchTextOnON                   p.setSummaryswPref.getSwitchTextOn                              else                   swPref.setSwitchTextOffOFF                   p.setSummaryswPref.getSwitchTextOff                                         public void stopPlay         ifmyProfile.isFinishing                 mp.stop                 mp.release                          Context context  getApplicationContext             ActivityManager am  ActivityManagercontext.getSystemServiceContext.ACTIVITYSERVICE             ListltRunningTaskInfogt taskinfo  am.getRunningTasks1             iftaskinfo.isEmpty                 ComponentName topActivity  taskinfo.get0.topActivity                 iftopActivity.getPackageName.equalscontext.getPackageName                     mp.stop                     mp.release                                  else                                            super.onPause          codepre  pMy problem is that background music is not working properly when I switch on and off them respectively. Some time does not play and when it start playing, it does not stopwhether I choose off.Please help me to get rid of this.Any help would be highly appreciated.p  pThanks. p
Negative 3262 pI have the following button HTML codep  precodeltbutton classbutton stylewidth 95gtPHYSICIANSltbuttongt codepre  pIt is customized by CSS3 herep  precodebutton  border 1px solid rgba0,0,0,0.3 background eee color 515151 fontsize 24px fontweight 700 padding 21px 34px textdecoration none background webkitgradientlinear, left bottom, left top, colorstop0.21, rgb203,203,203, colorstop0.58, rgb227,226,226 background mozlineargradientcenter bottom, rgb203,203,203 21, rgb227,226,226 58 mozborderradius 5px webkitborderradius 5px borderradius 5px mozboxshadow 0 0 0 5px rgba255,255,255,0.3  glass edge , inset 0 1px 0 0 rgba255,255,255,0.5  top highlight , inset 0 3px 0 0 rgba0,0,0,0.5  bottom shadow  webkitboxshadow 0 0 0 5px rgba255,255,255,0.3, inset 0 1px 0 0 rgba255,255,255,0.5, inset 0 3px 0 0 rgba0,0,0,0.5 boxshadow 0 0 0 5px rgba255,255,255,0.3, inset 0 1px 0 0 rgba255,255,255,0.5, inset 0 3px 0 0 rgba0,0,0,0.5 textshadow 0 1px rgba255,255,255,0.6  buttonmozfocusinner, a.buttonmozfocusinner  padding0 border0  buttonhover, a.buttonhover  background cbcbcb cursor pointer  buttonactive, a.buttonactive  background ccc padding 22px 34px 20px mozboxshadow 0 0 0 5px rgba255,255,255,0.3, inset 0 1px 0 0 rgba255,255,255,0.5, inset 0 2px 5px 0 rgba0,0,0,0.2 webkitboxshadow 0 0 0 5px rgba255,255,255,0.3, inset 0 1px 0 0 rgba255,255,255,0.5, inset 0 2px 5px 0 rgba0,0,0,0.2 boxshadow 0 0 0 5px rgba255,255,255,0.3, inset 0 1px 0 0 rgba255,255,255,0.5, inset 0 2px 5px 0 rgba0,0,0,0.2 textshadow none  codepre  pWhich displays the following buttonp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comkcOrs.png altenter image description herep  pHow can I modify the above code, so I can add a thumbnail image to it. Something like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comBdrxN.png altenter image description herep  pThe default image size is 260X190 but I want to size it up so it fits inside the button.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQgIOj.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pIm currently running a project where we program in both Java, JavasSript and PHP. Is it possible to write tests for the different pieces of the programdifferent langauges in the same languageframework So that you can simply press Run on the tests once instead of installing three frameworks and running each of the frameworks once once for Java, once for PHP and once for JavaScriptp
Negative 3262 pOn codeGitcode web site there is a detailed instruction for version controling Microsoft Word code.doccode files with codecatdoccode.p  pa hrefhttpgitscm.combookenCustomizingGitGitAttributes relnofollowhttpgitscm.combookenCustomizingGitGitAttributesap  pHowever, I realized that this doesnt work for code.docxcode files. It seems that you need either codedocx2txtcode or codeunoconvcode instead of codecatdoccode a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions15557573howtousecatdoctodisplaydockfileencodedinutf8found herea. I decided to go with codedocx2txtcode for no reason, but I was stuck at the installation of codedocx2txtcode into Mac OS X.p  pa hrefhttpsgist.github.comnachocab6429893 relnofollowThisa sort of illustrates the steps. In my understanding, all you need is codedocx2txt.plcode at somewhere sensible. I thought codeusrlocalbincode would do. I copied it there. Then, according to a hrefhttpsgist.github.comnachocab6429893 relnofollowthe instructiona, I tried the followingp  precode cd usrlocalbin  echo binbash docx2txt.pl 1  gt docx2txt codepre  pWhen I try thisp  precode docx2txt codepre  pI gotp  precodeCant read docx file ltgt codepre  pso, codedocx2txtcode seems to be in the path.p  pThen I edited code.gitattributescode in the repository folder ASCII, LF to add the following linep  precode.docx diffwordx codepre  pThen, I also edited .gitconfig file in the repository as followsp  precode[diff wordx]     binary  true     textconv  docx2txt codepre  pBecause the repository is already in use, I didnt do codegit initcode. I edited a .docx Word file in the repository and then typed codegit diffcode in the Terminal. But result was not successful.p  precodeBinary files afoofoo.docx and bfoofoo.docx differ codepre  pCould anyone have any suggestions p
Negative 3262 pIn HTML5, when you call codecheckValiditycode method or submit the form, the browser evaluates the fields and if a field is invalid it raises the codeinvalidcode event.p  pMy question is, can I catch this event and cancel it so that the browser thinks this field as valid. I have tried the followingp  precodeltaspTextBox IDLine2TextBox runatserver placeholdere.g. Street 9 required oninvalidreturn Line2TextBoxInvalidthis gtltaspTextBoxgt  function Line2TextBoxInvalidobj      obj.setCustomValidity     return false  codepre  pWhen I try to submit the form, it stays invalid.p
Negative 3262 pIve created a sample application that enlighten my issue.p  pBasically, I have a manytomany association with a STI classp  pre classlangruby prettyprintoverridecodeclass Basket lt ActiveRecordBase   hasmany basketfruits, inverseof basket   hasmany fruits, through basketfruits    hasmany apples, through basketfruits, source fruit, classname Apple   hasmany oranges, through basketfruits, source fruit, classname Orange   hasmany bananas, through basketfruits, source fruit, classname Banana end  class BasketFruit lt ActiveRecordBase   belongsto basket, inverseof basketfruits   belongsto fruit, inverseof basketfruits    validates basket, fruit, presence true end  class Fruit lt ActiveRecordBase   hasmany basketfruits, inverseof fruit   hasmany baskets, through basketfruits    validates type, presence true, inclusion [Apple, Banana, Orange]    validates baskets, presence true end  class Apple lt Fruit end class Banana lt Fruit end class Orange lt Fruit end codepre  pSchemap  precodeBasketid integer, createdat datetime, updatedat date time BasketFruitid integer, fruitid integer, basketid integer, createdat datetime, updatedat date time Fruitid integer, type string, createdat datetime, updatedat datetime codepre  pWhen a new Banana is created using ActiveAdmin, it uses code thats equivalent top  precodeBasket.create banana  Basket.first.bananas.buildbasketids [Basket.first.id] codepre  pThe problem occurring is that this code creates two associations, which can be observed even without saving the Bananap  precodebanana.basketfruits.size gt 2 codepre  pWhy is this occurring, and how to fix it p  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pJust discovered this. Maybe thats why AR is trying to add the relationship twice, instead of overriding as I would have expectedp  precodebanana  Basket.first.bananas.build gt ltBanana id nil, type Banana, createdat nil, updatedat nilgt  banana.baskets gt ltActiveRecordAssociationsCollectionProxy []gt codepre  pIn this case, one would need to have the association pre filled after the call to codebuildcodep
Negative 3262 pBasically I am about to finish my first real index.html but a stubborn mistake is preventing me from doing so. The Twitter div isnt positioning itself just right of the  24 hour one, it is instead getting stuck in the by the middle. Namely thisp  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv iddivFootergt     ltdiv idrow1gt          lth4 idtitle4gt24 HOUR CUSTOMER SERVICElth4gt          ltdiv idcontactosgt             ltimg srcimgsiconphone.png idcustumerServiceImggt             ltpgt5129431069ltpgt             ltpgt5129431068ltpgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idcontactos classcolorgt             ltimg srcimgsiconemail.png idcustumerServiceImggt             ltpgtlta hrefgtinfoWTPcomltagt              ltpgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idcontactosgt             ltimg srcimgsiconaddress.png idcustumerServiceImggt             ltpgt1341 Oakmound Driveltpgt             ltpgtChicago, IL 60609ltpgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv idtweets classcolorgt          lth4 idtitle4gtRECENT TWEETSlth4gt          ltpgtUt enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.ltpgt         ltpgtlta hrefgt 1 day agoltagt          ltpgt         ltpgtPellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas.ltpgt         ltpgt             ltpgtlta hrefgt 2 days agoltagt              ltpgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt   codepre  pAnd the CSSp  precodedivFooter      background url..imgsbgfooter.jpg     position relative     margin 400px 0 0 0     height 291px     width 956px  custumerServiceImg      float left  row1      width 318px     padding 20px 0 0 0  row1 p      padding 0 0 0 30px     margin 0 0 10px 0     color 404040     fontfamilyQuattrocento Sans, sansserif     fontsize 14px  row1 img      margin 0px 0 10px 0  contactos      padding 10px 0 10px 0  title4      color 404040     fontfamilyQuattrocento Sans, sansserif     fontsize 14px  tweets      float left     position absolute     margin 0 0 500px 250px     width 318px  codepre  pAny help and indications of how not to fail like this again will be deeply appreciated Best Wishesp
Negative 3262 pThis message appears when trying to do a codegit pull origin mastercodep  pcodePermission denied publickey.fatal The remote end hung up unexpectedlycodep  pSometimes it is codeconq unable to process command fatal The remote end hung up unexpectedlycodep  pSometimes it goes through i.e updates and retrieves  changesp  h3The problem is the lack of consistency prevents me from locating the issue.h3  pThe issue disappears after running codegit pull origin mastercode a few times and emactually retrieves changesem. p  pA few notesp  ul lihad the repo  keys set up years ago and no changes since. Use it daily. This is newli lihad the same repo set up on a remote machine using the same publicprivate keys about a few months ago to auto deployli liusing bitbucket as a hostli ul
Negative 3262 pIm getting time stamp from the server like 20140305T130007.341Zp  pI want to set this to android calendar and convert the time stamp to ampm. I have done the following codep  precodeTimeZone tz  TimeZone.getTimeZoneAsiaCalcutta Calendar cal1  Calendar.getInstancetz SimpleDateFormat dateFormat  new SimpleDateFormatyyyyMMddTHHmmssZ dateFormat.setCalendarcal1 try     cal1.setTimedateFormat.parse20140305T130007.341Z catchException e     e.printStackTrace  codepre  pI am not able to convert to ampm . How to do that Any help will be appreciated. p
Negative 3262 pall the tutorial videos  of azure shows the data tab in mobile services but in real it is not present there.p  pa hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0BxhoXvChLA34dDB1Mm1KVFIwRUUedituspsharing relnofollowhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0BxhoXvChLA34dDB1Mm1KVFIwRUUedituspsharingap
Negative 3262 pI have used a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1627028howtosetautoscrollingofjtextareainjavaguithisa answer to get the functionality of Autoscrolling on a JTextArea. But it seems that it works only when the setEditable property of the same JTextArea is set to TRUE. Of course, i use a JScrollPane.p  pIm developing a chat application as a college project. The area where the messages are displayed is the very same JTextArea. Ive used the 2nd set of code in the 1st answer in the above link. But I need it to make it work when setEditable is set to FALSE.p  pIt wont work even after the setAutoScrolls properties of JTextArea amp JScrollPane are set to TRUE.p  pPlease help. Thanx.p
Negative 3262 pI am getting a list of missing icons when uploading binary to Apple store. I have already added these missing icons by selecting the project icon  General  Selected the required icon file. I have already added these icon files to my project. After that I performed clean and Archive. How can we remove this warning messagep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comoJMHN.png altWarning message when uploading to Apple storep
Negative 3262 pIm trying to force the WSO2 to set the http version to 1.0 because the client of a service requires the codeContentLengthcode property. I configured the following properties in the codeoutSequencecode, before the codeltsendgtcodep  precodeltproperty nameFORCEHTTP1.0 valuetrue scopeaxis2gt ltproperty nameDISABLECHUNKING valuetrue scopeaxis2gt codepre  pbut it doesnt works The response headerp  precodeHTTP1.0 200 OK userAgent SynapsePTHttpComponentsNIO Host localhost8280 SOAPAction sendMessage AcceptEncoding gzip,deflate ContentType textxml charsetUTF8 Server WSO2PassThroughHTTP Date Thu, 13 Mar 2014 215525 GMT Connection Close codepre  pIm using ESB 4.6.0 and SoapUI to call the service.br Why the codeContentLengthcode doesnt appears Whats wrongp
Negative 3262 pi am writing some JavaScript code and i test the code in console or via an alert msg i get the following text as return value.p  pif i use this codep  precode     alertimages img      codepre  pi getp  precode   [object object] codepre  phow can i get the name of the tag, ie, if its an image tag or li so i know it is being targeted correctly.p  pi use firefox and chrome..is there a way i can locate this under the developer tools or firebug...if so then under which sectionp
Negative 3262 pI have have serious problems getting the onscreen keyboard to show up on Ouya. Android works fine however. Ouya plays the sound for the keyboard opening, albeit kinda glitchy and what not, but doesnt show anything.p  pIm using LibGDX. Any help would be greatp
Negative 3262 pTomcat 7.0.47 MySQL ConnectorJ 5.1.20p  pIm testing an HA database setup where a mysql DB RDS in AWS is accessible by DNS name. Upon failover the DB will get a new IP.p  pI have a test web app with the following database connection defined in context.xmlp  precodeltResource authContainer driverClassNamecom.mysql.jdbc.Driver   maxActive3 maxIdle2 maxWait1000 namejdbcdb   passwordxxx typejavax.sql.DataSource   urljdbcmysqlxxx3306xxxautoReconnecttrue usernameroot   factoryorg.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.DataSourceFactory    removeAbandonedtrue logAbandonedtrue removeAbandonedTimeout60 gt codepre  pAs you can see there are a very small number of connections defined so this problem can more easily be reproduced. I have a web client that is making an AJAX REST call every second, this call simply makes a single select and a single insert into the DB. Web framework is Spring MVC using Spring JDBC.p  pI spin up enough clients to max out the concurrent DB usage and then I fail over the database. the database recovers and DNS fails over to the new IP. The behavior Im seeing in Tomcat is that the connections are never released or abandoned. p  precodeSEVERE Servlet.service for servlet [appServlet] in context with path [test] threw exception [Request processing failed nested exception   is org.springframework.jdbc.CannotGetJdbcConnectionException Could not get JDBC Connection    nested exception is org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.PoolExhaustedException [httpbio8080exec11] Timeout Pool empty. Unable to fetch a connection in 1 seconds, none available[size3 busy2 idle0 lastwait1000].] with root cause   org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.PoolExhaustedException [httpbio8080exec11] Timeout Pool empty. Unable to fetch a connection in 1 seconds, none available[size3 busy2 idle0 lastwait1000]. at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.ConnectionPool.borrowConnectionConnectionPool.java674 codepre  p... and the app never recovers. Im looking for a way for Tomcat to recover these connections without having to restart Tomcat. Surely there must be away for Tomcat to recognize that these connections are dead and eject them from the pool I believe thats the intent of removeAbandonedtrue but it doesnt seem to be helping here.p  pAny ideasp  p UPDATE p  pIn a debugger Ive discovered the PoolCleaner thread that cleans up abandoned connections is hung up on JDBC4ConnectionConnectionImpl.close1641. The PoolCleaner stopped and connections arent getting cleaned up. Not sure why close is timing out...p
Negative 3262 pAn codeaccountcode hasmany codeloanscode and a codeloancode has codefeecode and codeamountcode fields.p  pFor a given account, I am trying to gather the total number of loans and the sums of the fee and amount fields.p  pI want to cut this down to 1 DB query for efficiency.p  precode Trying to combine these 3 queries into 1 totalloans   Loan.whereaccountid 1.size totalfees    Loan.whereaccountid 1.sumfee totalamount  Loan.whereaccountid 1.sumamount codepre  pIve been trying to understand the PG GroupingError but I dont have adequate knowledge about PG and RDBMs to figure this out.  Honestly, Ive read several SO questions about similar topics and have Googled it but I simply cannot understand how the grouping idea works.p  precode Tried this but does not work PGGroupingError, must have loans.id in groupby stats  Loan.whereaccountid 1.selectcountid as totalloans, sumfee as totalfees, sumamount as totalamount.groupaccountid, id codepre  pI would like to be able to say codestats.totalloanscode, codestats.totalfeescode, etc...p
Negative 3262 pIve a string with some Spanish characters and when I use the U2s codeOCONVcode function with the code codeMCTcode, it changes the Spanish Character to something else.  Does anyone knowp  precodeSTRING T r L16 CITN, MOR 32000  TEST.MCT   5 STR2  OCONVSTR,MCT  S TEST.MCT   6 CRT STR2  S Cit9 Mor 32000 codepre
Negative 3262 pAnyone using mergPop with fullscreenmode p  pWith this set the fullscreenmode of me to codeletterboxcodebr the popover does not locate properly. When I try adding the rect of the button it seems to have no effect. Testing in simulator with iPad simulation.p  pMergPop works great without setting fullscreenmode but I need fullscreenmode.p
Negative 3262 pI found this code online and now im trying to make it work. I get an error when I press Edit from the first page.p  precodeNotice Undefined variable id in editform2.php on line 19 codepre  pIm not sure why this variable isnt included in the code, where should it go or does it have something to do with my tablep  precodeDatabase  album  Table  dataemployees  1. id         primaray key amp ai 2. name 3. address codepre  pWhen I press the edit button the next page should load the existing data from the database. Now it just turns up empty  the error code I wrote. What should I dop  pstrongedit.phpstrongp  precodelttd aligncentergtDATAlttdgt lttrgt lttrgt lttdgt   lttable border1gt   ltphp   includedbinc.phpdatabase connection   order  SELECT  FROM dataemployees   result  mysqlqueryorder   while rowmysqlfetcharrayresult     echo lttrgtlttdgtrow[name]lttdgt     echo lttdgtrow[employeesnumber]lttdgt     echo lttdgtrow[address]lttdgt     echo lttdgtlta hrefeditform2.phpidrow[employeesnumber]gtEditltagtlttdgtlttrgt      gt   lttablegt codepre  pstrongeditform2.phpstrongp  precode  ltphp   include dbinc.phpdatabase connection   order  SELECT  FROM dataemployees              where employeesnumberid   result  mysqlqueryorder   row  mysqlfetcharrayresult   gt   ltform methodpost nameform actioneditdata2.phpgt   ltinput typehidden nameid valueltphp echo row[employeesnumber]gtgt     lttrgt               lttdgtNamelttdgt       lttdgt         ltinput typetext namename      size20 valueltphp echo row[name]gtgt       lttdgt     lttrgt     lttrgt       lttdgtAddresslttdgt       lttdgt         ltinput typetext nameaddress size40        valueltphp echo row[address]gtgt       lttdgt     lttrgt     lttrgt       lttd alignrightgt         ltinput typesubmit        namesubmit value valueEditgt       lttdgt       lttrgt       ltformgt codepre  pstrongeditdata2.phpstrongp  precodeltphp editdata.php include dbinc.php  name  POST[name] address  POST[address] id  POST[id]  order  UPDATE dataemployees        SET namename,            addressaddress        WHERE        employeesnumberid mysqlqueryorder headerlocationedit.php gt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a calendar widget which is working OK. The problem I have is when selecting a date  the code doesnt find the field I want to set to the selected date, and I cant see why not.p  precode    ltxppanel idcalendarHoldergt         ltscriptgt             require[ dijitCalendar, dojodate, dojodomReady, dijitregistry ],             functionCalendar, date              new Calendar value new Date,              onValueSelected functiondatecalendarDateClickeddate                     ,mycal              Set month in correct format             function setMonthmonth                 switchmonth                                  case 1                 month  Jan                 break                 case 2                 month  Feb                 break                 case 3                 month  Mar                 break                 case 4                 month  Apr                 break                 case 5                 month  May                 break                 case 6                 month  Jun                 break                 case 7                 month  Jul                 break                 case 8                 month  Aug                 break                 case 9                 month  Sep                 break                 case 10                 month  Oct                 break                 case 11                 month  Nov                 break                 case 12                 month  Dec                 break                                  return month                          create Click action             function calendarDateClickeddate                 var d  new Datedate                  var month  d.getMonth  1                 month  setMonthmonth                 var day    d.getDate  ,                 var year  d.getFullYear                  var dateString  [month,day,year].join           dojo.byIdidhiddenCalWidgetSelectedDate.value  dateString                  dojo.byIdidcalDate.value  dateString                 XSP.partialRefreshPostidmainPanel,                     onComplete function                          XSP.partialRefreshGetidsideViews,                                       Post Value to server                                     ltscriptgt          ltdiv idmycalgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idtextboxgt         ltxpinputText idhiddenCalWidgetSelectedDate                 styledisplayblock valuesessionScope.selectedDategt                 ltxpthis.defaultValuegtlt[CDATA[javascript var d  new DateToday var month    d.getMonth  1 var day    d.getDate var year  d.getFullYear      if month.length lt 2 month  0  month     if day.length lt 2 day  0  day      return [day,month,year].join  ]]gtltxpthis.defaultValuegt ltxpinputTextgtltdivgt ltxppanelgt codepre  pThe error I get is dojo.byIdidhiddenCalWidgetSelectedDate is nullp  pAny help would be appreciated.p  pGraemep
Negative 3262 pI want to publish some in table where the table td widths, BG colours are different. I designed the following css  which is working fine in Chrome and Fire fox but not giving required output in Internet explorer. Can any body help me in this regard.   p  pHTMLp  precodelttd classtd1gtGameslttdgt lttd classtd2gtSportslttdgt codepre  pCSSp  precode.td1        width200px    height50px   maxwidth200px   minwidth200px    maxheight50px    minheight50px   backgroundcolor yellow   color red  .td2        width300px    height50px   maxwidth300px   minwidth300px    maxheight50px    minheight50px   backgroundcolor blue   color white  codepre
Negative 3262 pI used to do android development using Netbeans in Fedora 17, I wanted to move to Ubuntu. So I zipped my project, installed Ubuntu 12.04.4, jdk7u51, android sdk, netbeans 7.4,  the problem is when I am trying to compile my unzipped projectp  pp  pstronghomevitaliDocumentsandroidsdklinuxtoolsantbuild.xml471strong The following error occurred while executing this linep  pstronghomevitaliDocumentsandroid projectsProjectNamebuild.xml90strong Cannot find stronghomeemvitalidevelopmentandroidsdklinuxtoolsantbuild.xmlemstrong imported from strongemhomevitaliDocumentsandroid projectsProjectNamebuild.xmlemstrongp  pBUILD FAILED total time 0 seconds p  pwhere  homevitaliDocumentsandroid projectsProjectName is path to the project now in Ubuntup  phomevitalidevelopmentandroidsdklinux is the old path which was in Fedora to androidsdkp  phomevitaliDocumentsandroidsdklinux is the new one in Ubuntup  pCan anybody tell me why ant is looking android sdk using the old path and how to fix itp  pEach time I go in NetBeans toolssdk manager it asks me to locate android sdk, I do this, then when I reopen NetBeans it happens again, so it doesnt save the path to sdk.p  pin NetBeans file local.properties has the right path to sdk, but is ignored I dont know how to fix it.p  pI created env. variable ANDROIDHOME with path to sdk export ANDROIDHOMEhomevitaliDocumentsandroidsdklinux  but after rebooting computer this variable disappears.p  pmy PATH env. variablep  pPATHusrliblightdmlightdmusrlocalsbinusrlocalbinusrsbinusrbinsbinbinusrgamesstronghomevitaliDocumentsandroidsdklinuxtoolshomevitaliDocumentsandroidsdklinuxplatformtoolsstrongp  pHas anyone had this problem beforep  pupdate android update project p path doesnt help.p  pthank you.p  pstrongP.S.  when I create a new project everything is fine, it builds without problemsstrongp
Negative 3262 pSo Im trying to build a web app that has div with a table on the left half of the screen, and a div full of textboxes and stuff for editing objects from the table on the right. On mobile, however, Im trying to make both divs span 100 of the screen, with the left div appearing first, and if an object in its table is clicked, the div on the right slides over top of it.p  pCurrently, Im using absolute positioning to get the pages to look right, and I just set the right divs left equal to 100 of the page, and then turn its display to none. And when an object inside left div is clicked, it turns the display of right div to block and sets the left to 0. Ive included CSS3 Transitions to try to get this to give a sliding effect. I also have to do all of this in ASP.NET codebehind, since thats what the project is in. So instead of using JQuery to toggle classes, I have to use C to do it. I dont know if thats causing the problem, and if theres anything I can do about it.p  pHeres the relevant HTMLp  precodeltdiv classsection adminbodygt     ltdiv classcontainer leftgt         [[table and other stuff here]]     ltdivgt     ltdiv classcontainer right idRightContainer runatservergt         [[other stuff here]]     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pAnd some CSSp  precode.section.adminbody      margin 1rem 0     position relative     background none     border none   .container.left      position absolute     top 0     left 0     width 99     border .1em solid aaa     background eee     borderradius 3px     paddingbottom 1rem     zindex 1   .container.right      display none     position absolute     top 0     left 100     width 99     border .1em solid aaa     background eee     borderradius 3px     zindex 99     webkittransition left 2s linear     moztransition left 2s linear     otransition left 2s linear     transition left 2s linear   .container.right.selected      display block     left 0  codepre  pAnd finally, the Cp  precodeprotected internal void LoadCaseobject sender, EventArgs e      ...     BindData     LoadHeader     RightContainer.Attributes.Addclass, container right selected  codepre  pIve got everything to work except the CSS transitions part. Theres no sliding effect at all. Again, Im not sure if its because Im using C to Bind Data before I try to mess with the classes that activate the transitions. If anyone has any idea what Im doing wrong, Id really appreciate the helpp
Negative 3262 pHi in my jquery mobile app, i am missing the handler ,i made up the slider with strongdivstrong  i want it to look as below p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comSAmms.png altenter image description herep  pfirst of all i am unable to see the handle , and also i wanna see a value in the handle i am doing it as belowp  pHTML p  precode ltdiv idslidergt          ltdiv idredgtltdivgt         ltdiv idgreengtltdivgt         ltdiv idbluegtltdivgt      ltdivgt codepre  pstrongJavascriptstrongp  precodeslider.slider   codepre  pstrongCssstrongp  precodeslider      height 30px     width 300px  red      height 30px     width 100px     backgroundcolor red     float left  green      height 30px     width 100px     backgroundcolor green     float left  blue      height 30px     width 100px     backgroundcolor blue     float left  codepre  pAny help is appreciated.p
Negative 3262 pBasically, I have an array of emails codeattemptsArraycode that I look up using FullContacts API. p  precodeattemptsArray.forEachfunctionattempt      .fullcontact.emailLookupAPIKEY, attempt, functionobj          attemptsMade  attemptsMade  1         console.logattemptsMade         console.logLooking up attempt ...This is attempt numberattemptsMade          if obj.status  200              var score  obj.likelihood             console.logMatched with a score likelihood             correctAttempts.pushobj                codepre  pHowever, if a 404 is returned i.e., the email doesnt exist, it doesnt increment codeattemptsMadecode. Is there any way to ensure that this happens Ive tried doing an codeif obj.status  404code and that doesnt work either.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to write a string pulled from an xml file to another file HTML, but when I try an run the script it gives me this errorp  precodeUnicodeEncodeError ascii codec cant encode character uu2013 in position 124 ordinal not in range128 codepre  pThis is the Python codep  precodef  openwebtv.html, a counter  0 for showname in os.listdirxmladditional     tree  et.parsexmladditionalsen.xml  showname     root  tree.getroot     series  root.findSeries     description  series.findOverview.text     cell  nlttrgtlttdgt  showname  lttdgtlttdgt  description  lttdgtlttrgt     f.writecell f.appendulttablegtltdivgtltbodygtlthtmlgt codepre  pThis is a sample of the XML filep  precodeltSeriesgt   ltOverviewgtFrom Emmy Awardwinner Dan Harmon comes ampquotCommunityampquot, a smart comedy series about higher education  and lower expectations. The student body at Greendale Community College is made up of highschool losers, newly divorced housewives, and old people who want to keep their minds active. Within these notsohallowed halls, Community focuses on a band of misfits, at the center of which is a fasttalkin lawyer whose degree has been revoked, who form a study group and end up learning a lot more about themselves than they do about their course work.ltOverviewgt   ltothergtstuffltothergt ltSeriesgt codepre  pCan someone tell me what Im doing wrong I find Unicode mightily complicated.p
Negative 3262 pI am using an Oracle regular expression to extract the first letter of each word in a string.  The results are returned in a single cell, with spaces representing hard breaks.  Here is an example...p  pinputp  pI hope that some kind personbr browsing stack overflowbr can help mep  poutputp  pihtskp bso chmp  pWhat I am trying to do next is count the length of each word in my output, like thisp  p6 3 3p  pAlternatively, a count of the words in each line of the original string would be acceptable, as it would yield the same result.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to establish device to device messaging using Google Cloud Messaging. I tried using socket programmng, but the connection used to get lost everytime I moved to the next page. Thus I am using GCM. The plan is to send a message from clients phone and it should be displayed on servers phone, using 3gwifi and not bluetooth. p  pI am referring the following link for the same p  pa hrefhttpandroidexample.comDeviceToDeviceMessagingUsingGoogleCloudMessagingGCMAndroidExampleindex.phpviewarticlediscriptionampaid122ampaaid142 relnofollowhttpandroidexample.comDeviceToDeviceMessagingUsingGoogleCloudMessagingGCMAndroidExampleindex.phpviewarticlediscriptionampaid122ampaaid142ap  pIt has no errors and is running, but nothing is displaying on the screen. Also a few doubts p  ol liIn the code in CommonUtilities.java what should be the ServerUrl I am using XAMPP, so should it be XAMPPs URL li liAlso, what should be the SenderID li liAlso in MainActivity.java, what should be the device IMEI Do we have to enter that manually, or will the device fetch on ots own. li liAlso in the php files, its written enter GCM Registeration ID got from device.Is it clients ID I am running using Google API and registering my ID in the settings of the emulator before proceeding further.li ol  pCan anyone please tell me where am I going wrong Or even if you have a better idea, please do share here. I am looking for mobile to mobile communication only, not using push notifications.p
Negative 3262 pI am working on a project to display website and payment errors. In SQL table which logs the errors there is are two columns which contains XML. In code I am parsing the XML into separate tables. So my setup isp  precodeltRepeater IDParentRepeatergt     ltItemTemplategt         ltLabel TextltEvaltitlegt gt         ltRepeater IDChild1 DataSourceltEvalXMLTable1gt gt             ltItemTemplategt                ltLabel TextltEvalCardTypegt gt             ltItemTemplategt         ltRepeatergt     ltItemTemplategt ltRepeatergt codepre  pI have set the DataSource for the parent repeater in code behind like sop  precodeDataSet dsRepeaterSource  new DataSet DataTable dtSQLTable  new DataTable DataTable dtXMLTable1  new DataTable  dtXMLTable1.TableName  XMLTable1  dtSQLTable  SQLDataReader  Copies Sql Table to DataTable dtXMLTable1  XML Table  Copies XML table to DataTable  dsRepeaterSource.Tables.AdddtSQLTable dsRepeaterSource.Tables.AdddtXMLTable1  ParentRepeater.DataSource  dsRepeaterSource codepre  pThe ParentRepeater now has a datasource with two tables. I am wondering how to use the multiple tables within the repeater. Any help is appreciated, thanks.p
Negative 3262 pWe have a SQL query being executed against a SQL Server 2008 DB.p  precodeINSERT INTO ListDetailListID, Sequence, CompName, CompAddress, Date   SELECT    12345 AS ListID,    MAXListDetail.Sequence  1 AUTOINCREMENT as Sequence,    Company.Name AS CompName,    Company.Address AS CompAddress,    GETDATE AS Date  FROM Company  WHERE CompanyType  3  codepre  pWe want to find the max Sequence from ListDetail table.. and select records from the Company table into ListDetail.  But, we want to start with the next available Sequence value from ListDetail and then increment by 1 for each record inserted.  The Sequence field in ListDetail is just a general INT field.p  pWe do not have control over the database itsself... so created a new table or altering the existing one is not an option.p
Negative 3262 pI define a color p  precodeltColor xKeyMyBlackColorgt000000ltColorgt codepre  pI use it in a style p  precodeltStyle xKeyPageHeaderStyle TargetTypeTextBlockgt     ltSetter PropertyFontSize Value72 gt     ltSetter PropertyFontWeight ValueLightgt     ltSetter PropertyMargin Value22,0,0,12gt     ltSetter PropertyForeground ValueStaticResource MyBlackColorgt ltStylegt codepre  pIt works fine in a runtime text is black, but in designer foreground is white. p  pSame in Blend. When im clicking go to source it jumps directly to the line ValueStaticResource MyBlackColor, but the foreground is white.p  pAny ideas, whyp
Negative 3262 pHow do I write the TDD for strongis sprite added or notstrong in the scene for cocos2dx in eclipse. Here is my codep  precodeCCSprite sprite  null  adding sprite code sprite  new CCSprite spritegtinitWithSpriteFrameNameabc.png thisgtaddChildsprite codepre  pAny blog or help in right direction will be appreciated. Thanksp
Negative 3262 pIm programming server software in C, and Ill have around 8 functions that select data from an SQLite database and handle it in some way. Im considering making one function to send any kind of SQLite SELECT command and return its results as a 2D array of pointers to integers and strings then having all the functions use that, but Im worried that the performance cost might be so large that its not worth the extra expandability. Reading ahead, is performance a valid concern herep  pSQLite has no way of counting the rows of a result ahead of time, so Id have to either run two queries or use a dynamicallyallocated array. Not good Here is what I have for my implementation of the latter option. Im a newbie, so please tell me if there is anything slow, unclean, or most importantly unreliable about this before I commit to using itp  precodeemalloc and erealloc are just errordetecting malloc and realloc ptrdifft databaseSelectchar command returns null upon error sqlite3stmt stmt int retval  1 retval  sqlite3preparedb,command,sizeofcommand,ampstmt,NULL ifretvalSQLITEOK     printfSelecting data from database failed Error sn, sqlite3errmsgdb     return NULL  int retRows  10 number of rows in returned array for now ptrdifft ret  emallocsizeofptrdifftretRows make the array representing rows int result  SQLITEROW int rowIndex  0 while result  SQLITEDONE ampamp result  SQLITEERROR     result  sqlite3step stmt     if result  SQLITEROW  begin row loop         if rowIndex1gtretRows must reallocate the outer row array             retRows2             ret  ereallocret, sizeofptrdifftretRows                  const int numCols  sqlite3columncountstmt         ptrdifft row  emallocsizeofptrdifftnumCols make the array representing a row of columns          for int colIndex  0 colIndexltnumCols colIndex begin column loop             switch sqlite3columntypestmt, colIndex                 case SQLITEINTEGER                     const int col  sqlite3columnintstmt, colIndex                     memcpyrow[colIndex], ampcol, sizeofcol                     break                                  case SQLITETEXT                     const unsigned char textResult  sqlite3columntextstmt, colIndex                     const sizet textSize  strlentextResult1sizeofchar edited from before                     row[colIndex]  emalloctextSize                     memcpyrow[colIndex], textResult, textSize                     break                                  default                     perhaps warn about an error since it should either be integer or text                     break                                        end column loop          ret[rowIndex]  row add on the row to the array of rows         rowIndex      end row loop  sqlite3freestmt return ret  codepre  p And then whatever calls this function has to loop through the 2D array and free everything once its done with it.p
Negative 3262 pI have a complicated custom control written using a hrefhttpscode.google.compskia relnofollowskiaa. Is it possible to embedd this control inside a Qt application How do I integrate with the window events Is there an example that shows how to do thisp  pThanks.p
Negative 3262 pI want to do that when I click a ToggleButton from the list, retrieve the ID of the row textview. The problem is that when most IDS pulse are obtained, and when I scroll too ... I do not know what to dop  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comT7hpG.png altenter image description herep  pI get all these IDS in my LogCat.. with only ONE CLICK on the position adewwp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comUzbap.png altenter image description herep  pMy MyAdapter code is herep  precodepublic class MyAdapter extends ArrayAdapterltUsuarigt          private final ListltUsuarigt list         private final Activity context           public MyAdapterActivity context, ListltUsuarigt list              supercontext, R.layout.row, list             this.context  context             this.list  list                   static class ViewHolder              protected TextView nomusuari             protected ToggleButton botoagregar                    Override         public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent               ViewHolder viewHolder  null             if convertView  null                  LayoutInflater inflator  context.getLayoutInflater                 convertView  inflator.inflateR.layout.row, null                 viewHolder  new ViewHolder                 viewHolder.nomusuari  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.nomusuari                 viewHolder.botoagregar  ToggleButton convertView.findViewByIdR.id.botoagregar                   viewHolder.botoagregar.setOnCheckedChangeListenernew CompoundButton.OnCheckedChangeListener                       public void onCheckedChangedCompoundButton buttonView, boolean isChecked                          int getPosition  Integer buttonView.getTag   Here we get the position that we have set for the togglebutton using setTag.                         list.getgetPosition.setSelectedbuttonView.isChecked  Set the value of togglebutton to maintain its state.                         String nom  list.getgetPosition.getName                         ifisChecked                                                      Log.dSELECCIONAT,nom                                                   else                                                      Log.dDESSELECCIONAT,nom                                                                                   convertView.setTagviewHolder                 convertView.setTagR.id.nomusuari, viewHolder.nomusuari                 convertView.setTagR.id.botoagregar, viewHolder.botoagregar                  else                  viewHolder  ViewHolder convertView.getTag                            viewHolder.botoagregar.setTagposition  This line is important.                         viewHolder.nomusuari.setTextlist.getposition.getName             viewHolder.botoagregar.setCheckedlist.getposition.isSelected                 return convertView                codepre
Negative 3262 pI have already browsed through various questions on SO on iframe caching but havent got the answer I am looking for.p  pWe allow embedding of content uploaded on our web app using iframe embed code which looks something like thisp  precodeltiframe srchttpemdevcc5.mediapartner.comembed.aspxeUkvpYFBUMZc styleheight 400px width 400px     marginwidth0 marginheight0 frameborder0 scrollingauto idUkvpYFBUMZcgtltiframegt codepre  pThis code can be embedded anywhere in third party web pages like blogs, news articles etc. There is weird problem I am facing which as described here in this question. The problem described in that question is not really important at the momentp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22854556yuidialogpanelnotrenderingcorrectlyinieiframeYUI dialogpanel not rendering correctly in IE iframeap  pThat problem goes away whenever I clear browser cache from IE dev tools. That operation I believe clears cache of parent page which I dont think I can trigger from the code of of my iframe page.p  pSo I am looking for work arounds to achieve this i.e. clearing cache of parent page. Since that embed code is not generated every time it is accessed  it is generated only once and then accessed multiple times  I cant really append some random timestamp at the end of src attribute. At least I dont think I can do it without involving javascript in the embed code. p  pI do have control over iframe content and I have added nocache tags in my page head. Because of those tags, on debugging, I see that request is indeed getting served by the server. Still the problem goes away only on clearing the cache of parent page from IE dev tools. So I am not sure how I can trigger clearing of cache of the strongparent pagestrong. p  pAny ideas how I can solve this problemp
Negative 3262 pWhat is the fastest algorithm to get the max. distance of an 2d outer contour to an 2d inner contourp  pDistance is defined by by drawing radial straight lines from one contour to another, the length of the lines defines the distancep  pThe two contours are not intersecting and the inner contour lies complett in the outer contour.p  pCurrently the countours are build up from linesegments and circlesegments but if possible 2dsplines should also be possible in future. Something like a hrefhttpinspirehep.netrecord1217658filesfigure7.png relnofollowhttpinspirehep.netrecord1217658filesfigure7.pngap
Negative 3262 pI have the following data frame  p  precodeheadd[, c1,2,7], 10          date hour totalsess 2  20140406   00        115 3  20140407   01          3 4  20140407   16          3 5  20140407   21        115 6  20140408   00        115 7  20140408   06          3 8  20140409   05          3 9  20140409   11        201 10 20140409   14          3 11 20140409   20          3 codepre  pHow do i use codeggplotcode to plot a bar chart with XAxis  hour indicating date along the Axis and Y Axis as totalsessp  pI tried the following but was unable to generate a continuous flowp  precodeggplotdata  d, aesx  hour, y  totalsess, fill  factordate   geombarstatidentity   themeaxis.text.x  elementtextangle  90, hjust  0.5 codepre
Negative 3262 pSo heres what Ive done so far. it is also already connected to the database with the username as the primary key.p  precodeprotected void processRequestHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response         throws ServletException, IOException      response.setContentTypetexthtmlcharsetUTF8     try          Accounts bean  new Accounts         bean.setUsernamerequest.getParameteruname         bean.setNamerequest.getParameterfname         bean.setEmailrequest.getParameteremail         bean.setPasswordrequest.getParameterpassword         AccountsDAO aO  new AccountsDAO         aO.addAccountbean         response.sendRedirectStream.jsp          finally        codepre  pwhat i want is, when i try to register an account with the same usernameemail of any existing user in the database, it will redirect to another with another page also using a response.sendRedireectfile.jsp that will require the user to register again with another usernameemail. Thank you in advancep  phere is my AccountsDAOp  precodepublic void addAccountAccounts bean      try          bConnector  new DBConnector         Connection c  bConnector.getConnection         String query  insert into account username, name, email, password values ,,,         PreparedStatement preparedstatement  c.prepareStatementquery         preparedstatement.setString1, bean.getUsername         preparedstatement.setString2, bean.getName         preparedstatement.setString3, bean.getEmail         preparedstatement.setString4, bean.getPassword         preparedstatement.executeUpdate      catch SQLException ex          Logger.getLoggerAccountsDAO.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex       codepre
Negative 3262 pIve been working with Mercurial on windows and using TortoiseHg for some time now, but today I experienced something I just do not understand.p  pIm sure, that Ive made some modifications to a file view.xaml. When I manually compare the local file with the one committed to the repository, I can identify the modifications. But when I do a codehg statuscode it does not show any modified files...p  pFirst thing I checked was, that I had actually saved my work. While doing this, I noticed, that in the windows explorer, it showed the file as modified for just a short time like 1020 seconds. Then it changed again and showed as unmodified.p  pSecond thing I checked was the ignore list and view.xaml is not on the ignore list.p  pCan anyone enlighten me, as to why Mercurial does not show this file as modifiedp
Negative 3262 pIn my gremlin query, I have the following p  precodevert.asx. both.or   .hastime.filter it.time.toInteger gt startTime.toInteger ,   .hasisRead, .hasisWrite.dedup.gather.scatter. storey.loopxc lt limit.toInteger.iterate codepre  pIn my gremlin script, I return y, but y clearly only has vertices in it. I can manually retrieve each of the edges manually by iterating over them for each of the vertices, but I want a list returned that contains only the edges between other nodes returned in the list y. p  pIn particular, I need to be able to recreate the subgraph returned within a data structure locally, so gremlin is being used to return that information. Other details about my use case that influence these needs are the fact that manually iterating over each of the nodes edges is too slow, since the rexster server Im running my bulbs script against has to push the data over the wire, and also because if I dont have the set of edges between each of the vertices that were originally returned using the script, then I have to check each vertice encountered along each edge to make sure that its within the set originally returned very nonideal.p  pBasically, any result should be such that, when I look at any of the returned vertices I can know what vertices are linked within the returned setwithout having to do any manual checking or lookups. It should merely be in the dataset.p  pstrongEDIT 1strongp  pI found that gremlins tree pipeline capability was really good for doing exactly what I wanted The problem is, now that I use tree, I need to return it to a form that can be used... I can only return either vertexes or edges, so I cant return tree straight away.p  pstrongEDIT 2strongp  pespeed is right I should use bothE to start with. But I have some conditions that I want to satisfy... I almost had it earlier, but I couldnt get the filter to work correctly.p  precodevert.asl. bothE.gather.scatter.asedge.bothV.or   .hastime.filter it.getPropertytime.toInteger gt startTime.toInteger ,   .hasisRead, .hasisWrite. dedup.storeresults.asvertice.backedge.storeresults.backvertice .looplc lt limit.toInteger.iterate codepre  pI dont understand why I cant use two backs in one pipeline I get a NullPointerException with this one. The basic problem I want solved is do a breadth first search, storing only the nodes that satisfy all of the or above, and store the edges between all vertices that pass the test.p
Negative 3262 pim fetching from facebooks opengraph all musik interests of a user and want to compare these later with the interests of another user. Is there a smart way to save those information to a mysql databasep
Negative 3262 pIm trying to set the xAxis in highcharts to have the max equal todays date and the min equal to 7 days prior. So it will always show 7 dates even if there isnt a data point for a given date.p  pThe data is displaying correctly, just the min and max break it.p  pheres the script  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netJv82q1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netJv82q1a  notice line 3 is commented out, when uncommented it breaks the chart. Not sure why.p  precode var max  new Date.getTime var min  new Date.getTime  min.setDatemin.getDate7 function    container.highcharts     chart          type areaspline     ,     title          text Weight History     ,     credits          enabled false     ,     xAxis          type datetime,         dateTimeLabelFormats              day e b         ,         min min,         max max     ,     yAxis          title              text Weight         ,         min 20,         max 400     ,     series [         name Daily Weigh In,         color 7ec152,         data [[Date.UTC2014,  3, 13, 400],[Date.UTC2014,  3, 14, 300],[Date.UTC2014,  3, 15, 300],[Date.UTC2014,  3, 16, 300],[Date.UTC2014,  3, 18, 300],[Date.UTC2014,  3, 19, 300],[Date.UTC2014,  3, 20, 300]        ]     ]   codepre
Negative 3262 pI am experiencing an issue and I believe its due to me incorrectly removing my view. I will try to explain and hope all can follow.  I have a codeUISplitviewcode app which essentially has two views. The main detail view, and a view which is essentially a map. Upon selecting a certain string in the table this code is called this code is in the detailview but the rainObject is passed in from a codeUIViewControllercode. p  precodevoidsetReceivedRainObjectidreceivedRainObject     if [receivedRainObject isEqualToStringTest]         mapViewController mapView[[mapViewController alloc]initWithNibNamemapViewController bundlenil location0]         [self.navigationItem setHidesBackButtonNO animatedNO]         [self.navigationController setNavigationBarHiddenNO animatedYES]         [self.navigationController pushViewControllermapView animatedNO]       codepre  pSo the above code loads my map fine in the detailscreen as expected. However, when I click the first option test from the left view controller, it calls a new view controller viewcontroller2 with a row named test2 and that second controller calls a third viewcontroller3 with a row named test3 On the codeviewDidDisappearcode of viewcontoller3 and in the codeviewWillAppearcode of test I have this codep  precode [self.detailViewController.navigationController popViewControllerAnimatedNO] codepre  pSo when I drill down to viewcontroller, when I click the backbutton, it pops off one map, and when testview loads it pops the second. leaving my detail view showing exactly how I started. However, Ive noticed that if I clicked the test button twice, and try to go back, there is an extra screen that was supposed to be remove with pop. Would like to know how to remove this mass of views or to stop the program from adding so many.  Thanksp
Negative 3262 pI would like to know if there is a way to make a buttonthat is shaped like a circle choose a random spot emwithin the users screenem and stay there until, obviously the next activity starts. I have found a lot of people wanting to do this but none of the answers worked for me.p
Negative 3262 pI recently started to make a program in strongCstrong just for fun, a program that memorize bank accounts in a file.p  pSo I made a delete function which can delete a certain account by its Id. Here is how it should work I create a temporary function and there I put all the accounts but not the one with the requested Id. Then, I delete the original file, and then rename the temporary file with the name of the original one.p  pThat is how it should work but guess what, its not. I mean the function is working all and well just that the rename and delete functions are not working, they are giving the 1 message.p  pI searched and I have found many questions on this subject even here on Stack Overflow but I could not find the answer, that is why Im doing it.p  pThe program is in romanian, I translated only the delete function for you guys. If you need the whole program also, just tell me.p  precodevoid delete    FILE f,g   struct date s   int c0   char id[5],pass[10]   gfopentemp.txt,w   ifffopenbaza.txt,rNULL      checking the existence of the file      printfError  File not found n     getch     return      printfnEnter the desired Id whose account you want to delete    scanfs,id   whilefscanff,sssss,s.id,s.nume,s.prenume,s.suma,s.parolaEOF        ifstrcmps.id,id0            do         systemcls         printfnnnn         ifc0                    printfIntroduce the password for the account with ID s , s.id           scanfs,amppass                  else            ifc1                        printfWrong password, try again                        ifcgt1ampampclt6                        printfWrong password d times, try again ,c                       ifc6                        printfWrong password d times, the program will shutdown n,c             printfPress any key to exit..n             getch             exit0                      scanfs,amppass                   c       whilestrcmps.parola,pass0           ifstrcmps.id,id0            fprintfg,10s20s25s15sn,s.id,s.nume,s.prenume,s.suma          fclosef     fcloseg       renametemp.txt,baza.txt   getch  codepre
Negative 3262 pI have noisy data that should fit a quadratic function. Specificallyp  ol liThe data should fit a portion of a parabolali liThe parabola may open either up or downli liThe peak is guaranteed to not be within the datasetli liThe peak is guaranteed to be in a known direction from the datasetli liThe distance from my dataset to the peak is not known li ol  pIn essence, I know I am somewhere on the side of parabola, but not exactly where, nor do I know the shape of the parabola. Thats what Im trying to figure out.p  pCurrently I am using this approach to solve for the polynomial a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma700135325704httpstackoverflow.coma700135325704a This does a very good job, but it often solves for the peak of the parabola to be within my dataset.  Ive had no luck finding an algorithm that would avoid that situation.p  pThe only solution Ive thought of so far is to mirror the data I have on the opposite side of the parabola and fit that as well. However, this would require that I know the distance to the peak.p  pDoes anyone know of a technique where I can push the peak to where I want it without ruining the fitp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have a Mule application that is writing a file in an outbound endpoint, with the config belowp  precodeltfileoutboundendpoint pathOutbound outputPatternoutputFile[functiondatestampyyyyMMddHHmmss].csv docnameOutput Filegt codepre  pFollowing this point in the flow I need to display a log message along the lines of Successfully created file filename.p  pThe issue Im having is that  I cant find a way of displaying the name of the file I have just created. I could put codeSuccessfully created file outputFile[functiondatestampyyyyMMddHHmmss].csvcode, but there is a chance that the datestamp may differ by one second.p  pIs there a way in Mule that I can display the name of the file Ive just writtenp  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pFollowing the response from tilb, Ive achieved this using the followingp  precodeltsetvariable valueoutputFile[functiondatestampyyyyMMddHHmmss].csv variableNameFilename docnameVariablegt ltfileoutboundendpoint pathOutbound outputPattern[variableFilename] docnameOutput Filegt ltlogger levelINFO messageSuccessfully created file [variableFilename] docnameLogger gt codepre
Negative 3262 pIs there a way to create and image slide like this a hrefhttpviavoxproduction.com relnofollowhttpviavoxproduction.coma with bootstrap If so I dont even know where to start.p
Negative 3262 pIve a beginners question about types in Haskell Having a function likep  precodef i xs  sort xs  i codepre  pHow do I define the function codef0 xs  f 0 xscode without explicit use of xs Just takingp  precodef0  f 0 codepre  pdoes not work...p  pghci shows me the folling typesbr codef  Ord a gt Int gt [a] gt acodebr codef0  [] gt codebr But t f 0 gives codef 0  Ord a gt [a] gt acode.p  pWhy is that Why do I get this type for f0 Why is there any difference between the type of f0 and the type of f 0p  pThanks a lot in advance for any suggestionsp
Negative 3262 pi have a database on MySQL, which i am currently working with 3 tables. One with emails, one with categories, and a connecting table which only has category IDs and the list of IDs of emails associated to each category, which have been imploded by PHP and are separated with   br For example 2  5  4 and such and such.br I am trying to output that list of emails. First i bring the category email from another page by post, and then i use it to fetch the string of emails from the connecting table, and try to print out the emails from the email table after exploding that list. But i am getting an error. Anny help on this pleasep  precodeltphp mysqlconnectlocalhost,root, or dieproblema na conexao mysqlselectdbtrabalho1 idcategoria  GET[id]  querye  SELECT ID,categoria FROM categoria WHERE ID  .idcategoria.     resultse  mysqlqueryquerye or diemysqlerror                      while rowe  mysqlfetcharrayresultse         categorianome  rowe[categoria]                                                                               echoltcentergt                     echo Nome da categoria .categorianome.                     echo lttable border2gtn                     echoltformgt                                                echo lttr aligncentergtlttdgtData de CriaolttdgtlttdgtNomelttdgtlttdgtEmaillttdgtlttdgtData da ultima Actualizaolttdgtlttrgt                               queryq  SELECT  FROM emailcategoria WHERE categoria  .idcategoria.   resultsq  mysqlqueryqueryq or diemysqlerror                      while rowq  mysqlfetcharrayresultsq                novoarray  explode  ,rowq[email]         numero  Countnovoarray          forcont0contltnumerocont          query  SELECT  FROM email WHERE id  .novoarray[cont].           results  mysqlqueryquery or diemysqlerror                                while row  mysqlfetcharrayresults                         while row  mysqlfetcharrayresults                                                                  echo lttr aligncentergtn                                     echo lttdgtltbgtltbgt.row[datahora]. nlttdgt                                                                                  echo lttdgtltbgtltbgt.row[nome]. nlttdgt                                                                      echo lttdgtltbgtltbgt.row[email]. nlttdgt                                                                         echo lttdgtltbgtltbgt.row[dataactual]. nlttdgtlttrgt                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        echo ltformgtn                         echo lttablegtn                         echoltcentergt                                                                                                                     gt codepre  pNo error line now. Just no results showing.br And i have the table category with an id of 15, have the connection table with the category as the same id, and have 4 emails, which have been imploded with    between them.p
Negative 3262 precodeDevice connected emulator5554 Device is online emulator5554 Target device AVDforNexus4 [emulator5554] Uploading file     local path homevermaAndroidStudioProjectsIcandy1AppbuildapkAppdebugunaligned.apk     remote path datalocaltmpcom.google.icandy1.app Installing com.google.icandy1.app DEVICE SHELL COMMAND pm install r datalocaltmpcom.google.icandy1.app Error Could not access the Package Manager.  Is the system running codepre  pI got the above errors. Could anyone please solve this issue from Android Studio.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to make a resource class for my game which makes use of the SFML API.  Basically I first load the needed resources and then I just get references to them when needed in order to avoid the heavy construction of the resource classes. p  pI will use the sfTexture class as an examplep  pThe problem lies in the load function. In order to make an sfTexture I have to use the default constructor and then use its loadFromFile function to get the needed texture. Say I have a map containing pairs of the file names and the respective resourcesp  precodestdmapltstdstring, sfTexturegt textures sfTexture texture texture.loadFromFilefile codepre  pNow if I dop  precodetextures.emplacefile, texture codepre  pThis will use the copyconstructor to make another sfTexture. So I thought I should use stdmove but apparently the sfTexture class doesnt have a move constructor so this would still make a copy. In order to solve this I am now using a map containing pairs of the file names and the respective uniquepointers to the objects. So I dop  precodestduniqueptrltsfTexturegt texturenew sfTexture texturegtloadFromFilefile textures.emplacefile, stdmovetexture codepre  pHere is how the complete function looks likep  precodevoid ResourceManagerloadTexturestdstring file          stduniqueptrltsfTexturegt texturenew sfTexture         if texturegtloadFromFilefile                          throw stdruntimeerrorResourceManagerload  Failed to load   file                  auto inserted  mtextures.emplacefile, stdmovetexture         assertinserted.second  codepre  pI dont have much experience with move semantics though and I am not sure if I got everything right. Basically, have I missed anything If this question does not belong to stack overflow I will gladly move it to the appropriate site.p
Negative 3262 pI have a git repo of a magento installation. into this repo has been installed an extension some time ago. this extension has been modified or some files thereof. I now want to find out which files of the extension files only have changed since the installation.p  pI could run a diff between the commit at the time of the installation of the extension and now, but this would show me all changed files. I want to only see the files that are in the extension itself I have the original source if neccessary.p  pwhat is the best approach to this problemp
Negative 3262 pI would like to loop a set of links with selenium in python. I have tried to follow a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22309502loopthroughlinksusingseleniumwebdriverpythonthis explanationa with no success. I keep getting the stale element reference errorI am trying to use WebDriverWait. my code is as followsp  precodelistoflinks  mydriver.findelementsbyxpathul[classdirectory dircol]lia for link in listoflinks UI.WebDriverWaitmydriver, 30.untillambda mydrivermydriver.findelementbyxpathul[classdirectory dircol]lia         link.click mydriver.back codepre  pI did try placing the webdriver wait command before and after the click and back commands with no success. any help will be highly appreciated.p
Negative 3262 pWhen coding width for responsive, is it preferable to round off the value or specify the value as close as possiblep  pFor examplep  pBase on my calculation my width is 67.328699left div and 32.84right divp  por should I just round it off to 67left div and 33right div which will add up to 100p  pThanks for the help.p
Negative 3262 pI have some cheap hosting that suits my needs quite well but of course with cheap hosting they could disappear one daythough they been in business for a number of years so I figured that I could just upload my backups to blob storage what is pretty cheap.p  pMy plan is to have a quartz job that runs and connects to my ftp on my hosting site and downloads the file and then uploads it into my blob container.p  pI would like to do this async and it seems like codeSystem.Net.FtpClientcode has this option but I am confused on how to use it.p  pI found this in their examples but confused by it.p  precodepublic static class BeginOpenReadExample          static ManualResetEvent mreset  new ManualResetEventfalse          public static void BeginOpenRead               The using statement here is OK only because mreset.WaitOne              causes the code to block until the async process finishes, otherwise              the connection object would be disposed early. In practice, you              typically would not wrap the following code with a using statement.             using FtpClient conn  new FtpClient                  mreset.Reset                  conn.Host  localhost                 conn.Credentials  new NetworkCredentialftptest, ftptest                 conn.BeginOpenReadpathtofile,                     new AsyncCallbackBeginOpenReadCallback, conn                  mreset.WaitOne                 conn.Disconnect                                static void BeginOpenReadCallbackIAsyncResult ar              FtpClient conn  ar.AsyncState as FtpClient              try                  if conn  null                     throw new InvalidOperationExceptionThe FtpControlConnection object is null                  using Stream istream  conn.EndOpenReadar                      byte[] buf  new byte[8192]                      try                          DateTime start  DateTime.Now                          while istream.Readbuf, 0, buf.Length gt 0                              double perc  0                              if istream.Length gt 0                                 perc  doubleistream.Position  doubleistream.Length                              Console.WriterTransferring 01 2s 3p         ,                                           istream.Position.FormatBytes,                                           istream.Length.FormatBytes,                                           istream.Position  DateTime.Now.Subtractstart.TotalSeconds.FormatBytes,                                           perc                                                                   finally                          Console.WriteLine                         istream.Close                                                                catch Exception ex                  Console.WriteLineex.ToString                          finally                  mreset.Set                            codepre  pthe BeginOpenReadCallback area confuses me, I dont get why they call EndOpenRead read right awaythought that would be after the stream is read.p  pIt also seems like they are not doing much with the read, I am not sure what I should store stream data after the read in.p  pI see that azure blob sdk has thisp  precode Retrieve storage account from connection string. CloudStorageAccount storageAccount  CloudStorageAccount.Parse     CloudConfigurationManager.GetSettingStorageConnectionString   Create the blob client. CloudBlobClient blobClient  storageAccount.CreateCloudBlobClient   Retrieve reference to a previously created container. CloudBlobContainer container  blobClient.GetContainerReferencemycontainer   Retrieve reference to a blob named myblob. CloudBlockBlob blockBlob  container.GetBlockBlobReferencemyblob   Create or overwrite the myblob blob with contents from a local file. using var fileStream  System.IO.File.OpenReadpathmyfile      blockBlob.UploadFromStreamfileStream   codepre  pso not sure if I could just merge the ftp read with this UploadFromStream method.p
Negative 3262 pI have a struggling time with WCF REST to parse request body.  My problemp  ul liPOST method httpsServiceXY Z 0000000li liBody Request ididli ul  pMy codep  blockquote precode[ServiceContract] public interface IService      [OperationContract]     [WebInvokeMethod  POST,                 BodyStyle  WebMessageBodyStyle.Bare,                 RequestFormat  WebMessageFormat.Json,                 ResponseFormat  WebMessageFormat.Json,                 UriTemplate  XyZz                 ]     string GetRequeststring y, string z, Request request  codepre blockquote  precodepublic class Service  IService      public string GetRequeststring y, string z, Request request              Do sth        [DataContract] public class Request      [DataMember]     [JsonPropertyid]     public String  Id  get set   codepre  pThe problem that I have is that y and z has data and they are correct BUT strongid in request is null.strong I expected to be id.p  pI searched a lot in the internet and I found Stream solution which is not easily to follow in this case. I am wondering if anyone has a clever idea to do this. p
Negative 3262 pI have a default catch exception strategy for my entire flowsubflows. However, Id like to be able to tell what componentendpoint threw an exception so I can try to restart the flow at that point I have yet to figure out how to do that as well.p  pIs there any easy way to tell what componentendpoint threw the exception, and be able to tell if it was in a foreach, and at what point by looking at the counter variable.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI am porting a C program from Visual Studio 2010 to Visual Studio 2013. Both are Express versions of the IDE. In the 2013 build I encounter a sidebyside failure.p  pcodeThe application has failed to start because its sidebyside configuration is incorrect.codep  pThe codesxstrace.execode tool does not provide any information that I was able to interpret usefully. Here is the human readable output from the tool.p  blockquote   pBegin Activation Context Generation.p      pInput Parameterp      pFlags  0p      pProcessorArchitecture  AMD64p      pCultureFallBacks  enGBenenUSp      pManifestPath  CUsersBrianDocumentsVisual Studio   2013ProjectsWebInterface1WebInterface1binDebugWebInterface1.exep      pAssemblyDirectory  CUsersBrianDocumentsVisual Studio   2013ProjectsWebInterface1WebInterface1binDebugp      pApplication Config File  CUsersBrianDocumentsVisual Studio   2013ProjectsWebInterface1WebInterface1binDebugWebInterface1.exe.Configp      hr      pINFO Parsing Application Config File CUsersBrianDocumentsVisual   Studio   2013ProjectsWebInterface1WebInterface1binDebugWebInterface1.exe.Config.p      pERROR Activation Context generation failed.p      pEnd Activation Context Generation.p blockquote  pWith little information to go on, I suspected the problem may be Interop related so I proceeded with a few experiments, none of which resolved the problem.p  pThe application interoperates with Excel, originally, codeExcel 2003code from codeOffice 2003 Professionalcode. Since codeOffice 2003 Professionalcode is obsolete, I upgraded to codeOffice 2013 Home and Studentcode and converted the Excel file that my application needs to interoperate with. The upgrade did not make a noticeable difference when my application is run the sidebyside failure persists.p  pThe Interop DLL was codeMicrosoft.Office.Interop.Excel.dllcode carried over like source code from the VS 2010 project, and before that, a VS 2008 project, so I dont know about its pedigree but in order to try any random thing to fix the sidebyside problem, I attempted to use a different reference to rebuild. Under the codeAdd Reference gt Assemblies gt Frameworkcode, there is no reference that appears to be Excel Interoprelated. Likewise there is none under codeAdd Reference gt Assemblies gt Extensionscode. I mention this because in this other Q and A a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions15285880howtoreferencemicrosoftofficeinteropexceldlllinka, you can see that in VS 2012 and VS 2010, it seems that it should be possible to resolve references by finding codeMicrosoft.Office.Interop.Excelcode in the reference manager, but unfortunately, not in my installation of VS 2013.p  pUnder codeAdd Reference gt COMcode, there is a reference called codeMicrosoft Excel 15.0 Object Library Version 1.8code. This allows the project to build but the sidebyside failure persists. This a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrary15s06t57.aspx relnofollowMSDN pagea seems to indicate that this is the right way to resolve the reference when using VS 2013, so I dont have to worry about the pedigree of the DLL that has been carried over several years. p  pWhat else should I try to resolve the sidebyside failurep  pstrongUpdatestrong I removed all VS Redistributables that support C. As already mentioned, I am using C. I removed and reinstalled VS 2013. I removed Office 2003. The codesidebyside configuration is incorrectcode failure persists.p
Negative 3262 pAs i tried to configure my virtual host on codeapachexampp in windows7code  x64. p  pI put something like this,p  precodeNameVirtualHost 80  ltVirtualHost 80gt    DocumentRoot Cxampphtdocsprojectsmysitepublic    ServerName www.mysite.com     ErrorLog logswww.mysite.comerror.log    CustomLog logswww.mysite.comaccess.log common ltVirtualHostgt codepre  pAnd in my hosts file codeCWindowsSystem32driversetchostscode i put something like this,p  precode127.0.0.1       localhost 127.0.0.1       mysite.com codepre  pAnd i run it on the browser,p  pcodehttpwww.mysite.comcode  p  pServer not foundp  pFirefox cant find the server at codewww.mysite.comcode.p  pDo i missed something to configure Any ideas..p
Negative 3262 pIm taking Stanford Universitys cryptography class on Coursera actually behind a couple of weeks  , and Im having a little trouble with the first assignment. The code below may be, or is certainly, overkill... When I ran into problems with this method, I scaled down and tried crib dragging with only one XORed result of two cipher texts and then checking the list of results manually.p  pWhile I understand the principles of breaking a multiuse pad, and I understand how crib dragging works, I dont see a practical way to evaluate the results of crib dragging... I spent about an hour or two plugging in different words and straining my eyes trying to find the partial English words in the results without much success. I feel there should be a way to use a short dictionary list of possible terms to search for and somehow automatically check the results. How can I do itp  pThis is my best attemptp  precode XOR two hex encoded strings def XORa, b                 return  .join.join[chrordx  ordy for x, y in zipa ,b].split   Compares each of 10 ciphers with each other...results in 45 XORed results def compareCiphers          with openciphers.txt, r as f         ciphers  f.readlines          with openXORedCiphers.txt, w as f         n  0         for c in ciphers              print Cipher   c  n             for x in rangen, lenciphers                 if ciphers[x]  c                             print tXORed with cipher   ciphers[x]                     result  XORciphers[x], c                     print ttResultt  result  nn                     f.writeresult  n                  n  1   Drags each word of the dictionary across each XORed cipher text def cribDrag     with openXORedCiphers.txt, r as f         XORs  f.readlines      with openUsersaweeeezybindictionariesdictionary.txt, r as d         for word in d                 for x in XORs                 for index in range0, lenx                     test  XORx[index], word                     if test.isalpha                          Something should go here to check if test is an English                         word...but I cant think of a practical way to do this                          print t  test            compareCiphers cribDrag codepre
Negative 3262 pIve try to change Function.prototype.call to console.log all functions calls for debugging, but my browser crashed, is it possible If yes how the code should look likep  pIve try to do something like thisp  precodefunctioncall    Function.prototype.call  function      console.logthis     call.applythis, arguments    Function.prototype.call codepre  pbut got lots of codetoString  [Native code] code when I move the mouse over the page, and I needed to kill that tab were I call that code.p
Negative 3262 pFor my programming class in first year engineering I have to make a Dgame in Java, with only very little knowledge of Java.p  pIn one class I am generating a random integer via p  precodepublic int rbug  intMath.random  18 codepre  pevery so many ticks. I have to use this integer in another class in the requirements for an ifloop, and apparently it needs to be static. But when I change the variable to codepublic int staticcode, the value doesnt change any more.p  pIs there an easy way to solve this problemp  hr  pEdit part of code addedp  precodepublic int rbug  intMath.random  18  codepre  pwhich is used in p  precodepublic void renderGraphics g   g.drawImagebugs.getrbug, intx, inty, null codepre  pAnd in another classp  precodeifPhysics.Collisionthis,  game.eb, i, BadBug.rbug   codepre  pAs error for BadBug.rbug I get the messagep  blockquote   pCannot make a static reference to a nonstatic fieldp blockquote
Negative 3262 pIn my java class I have p  precodeSystem.setPropertytest, drinks codepre  pIn my Ant build file I am able to execute the jave class. How can I use the name test to get the result drinks in Ant p
Negative 3262 pSince the upgrade of NodeJS to 0.11.13, that integrates V8 engine 3.24.35.22 I get this error on some of C modules p  precodeerror NewSymbol is not a member of v8String codepre  pWhat should I do instead of NewSymbol then p  pThanks p
Negative 3262 pIm very new to ROR and very impressed so far, its extremely fast and structured well. Ive been taught to use the command.p  precoderails generate controller Welcome index codepre  pI understand it so far as.. create me a nondbdriven page in a subdirectory.. so the above would bep  precodelocalhost3000welcomeindex codepre  pbut what if I want my domain www.something.com localhost3000 to be the homepagep  pAs in for a normal site putting a index.html in the root.p  pis this possible, is there a reason I cant find the answer anywherep  pThank you in advance.p
Negative 3262 pIf I simply call the push method withp  precode[self.navigationController pushViewControllerviewController animatedYES] codepre  pthen it uses a push animation.  How do I change it to use a cross dissolve animation, like I can with a modal seguep
Negative 3262 pI want to encrypt a string and then put it on a file. Also want to decrypt it when I want.  I dont need very strong security. I just want to make it harder to get my data others.p  pI tried several ways. Here are these.p  pMd5 Encryptionp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3934331androidhowtoencryptastringAndroid  how to encrypt a stringap  precodepublic static final String md5final String toEncrypt          try              final MessageDigest digest  MessageDigest.getInstancemd5             digest.updatetoEncrypt.getBytes             final byte[] bytes  digest.digest             final StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder             for int i  0 i lt bytes.length i                  sb.appendString.format02X, bytes[i]                          return sb.toString.toLowerCase          catch Exception exc              return   Impossibru               codepre  pI tried this function and able to encrypt a string but I cant decrypt data from it. So it is not the solution.p  pDES Encryptionp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4487525encryptanddecryptastringinjavaEncrypt and decrypt a String in javaap  pHere passphrase is Auto generated. Is always passphrase will same on all time Then where is my security. So it is not my solution too.p  pAES Encryptionp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7762771howdoiencryptdecryptastringwithanotherstringasapasswordHow do I encryptdecrypt a string with another string as a passwordap  pI also tried Aes from this link. Here key is also auto generatedp  pIs there any other wayp
Negative 3262 pIf I run the following the two custom measures return the same results. Why doesnt code[Measures].[AvgOfChildren]code return the average for the level below code[Calendar Year]code      p  precodeWITH MEMBER [Measures].[Avg Yearly Reseller Sales Amount] AS     AVG         [Date].[Calendar].[Calendar Year].MEMBERS,         [Measures].[Reseller Sales Amount] MEMBER [Measures].[AvgOfChildren] AS     AVG         [Date].[Calendar Year].CURRENTMEMBER.CHILDREN, [Date].[Calendar].[Month].MEMBERS         [Measures].[Reseller Sales Amount] SELECT     [Measures].[Avg Yearly Reseller Sales Amount],     [Measures].[AvgOfChildren] ON 0,     [Geography].[Geography].[Country].MEMBERS ON 1 FROM [Adventure Works] codepre
Negative 3262 pI have to change TCP Congestion Control algorithm a little bit by modifying Linux Kernel Source Code. But to check if the resutl is correct, I need to log info of MAC or IP address.p  pI used PRINTK function to print messages for kernel. But I feel hard to print out MACIP address of hosts.p  blockquote   pprintkpM n, macp blockquote  pBut what is mac refer to  In TCP source code, I often work with skbuff or sock struct.p  pThank you.p  pUPDATEp  precodestruct iphdr iph  iphdrskb printkKERNDEBUG pI4, iphgtsaddr codepre
Negative 3262 pThis is my entity class. I use three ENUMINTEGER data type in this classp  precodeDatabaseTable public class MessageData       DatabaseFieldgeneratedId  true, columnName  IDFIELDNAME     private Integer messageId      DatabaseFielddataType  DataType.DATETIME, columnName  DATEFIELDNAME     private Date date      DatabaseFielddataType  DataType.ENUMINTEGER, columnName  DIRECTIONFIELDNAME     private MessageEnums.MessageDirection direction      DatabaseFieldcolumnName  CONTACTIDFIELDNAME     private String contactId      DatabaseFieldcolumnName  MESSAGEFIELDNAME     private String message      DatabaseFielddataType  DataType.ENUMINTEGER, columnName  TYPEFIELDNAME     private MessageEnums.MessageType type      DatabaseFieldcolumnName  CONTENTADDRESSFIELDNAME     private String contentAddress      DatabaseFielddataType  DataType.ENUMINTEGER, columnName  STATUSFIELDNAME     private MessageEnums.MessageStatus status      DatabaseFieldcolumnName  READFIELDNAME     private boolean read      .....  codepre  pand this is my enumeration classp  precodepublic class MessageEnums      public enum MessageDirection         IN,         OUT           public enum MessageType         TEXT,         VOICE,         IMAGE,         STICKER,         AUDIO,         VIDEO,         LOCATION           public enum MessageStatus         PENDING,         SENT,         DELIVERED,         RECEIVED       codepre  pI use this code to insert a rowp  precodenewMessageData  new MessageDatadate, MessageEnums.MessageDirection.OUT, params[2], params[1]                     , MessageEnums.MessageType.TEXT, , MessageEnums.MessageStatus.SENT, true          DaoltMessageData, Integergt dao  myApplication.getMessageDatabaseHelper.getMessageDao         dao.createnewMessageData codepre  pI get this error after running last linep  pUnable to run insert stmt on object com.x.xx.database.MessageData41a72790 INSERT INTO codemessagedatacode codedatecode ,codedirectioncode ,codecontactIDcode ,codemessagecode ,codetypecode ,codecontentAddresscode ,codestatuscode ,codereadcode  VALUES ,,,,,,,p  phope somebody help mep
Negative 3262 pi have a page with asp repeater having around 1000 rows, for some operations when i use post it runs into exception and after that whole page goes nonfunctional. p  pit says Operation is not valid due to the current state of the objectp  pand shows the below stack tracep  precode[InvalidOperationException Operation is not valid due to the current state of the object.]    System.Web.HttpValueCollection.ThrowIfMaxHttpCollectionKeysExceeded 2428582    System.Web.HttpValueCollection.FillFromEncodedBytesByte[] bytes, Encoding encoding 58    System.Web.HttpRequest.FillInFormCollection 159  [HttpException 0x80004005 The URLencoded form data is not valid.]    System.Web.HttpRequest.FillInFormCollection 217    System.Web.HttpRequest.getForm 104    System.Web.HttpRequest.getHasForm 9117999    System.Web.UI.Page.GetCollectionBasedOnMethodBoolean dontReturnNull 97    System.Web.UI.Page.DeterminePostBackMode 69    System.Web.UI.Page.ProcessRequestMainBoolean includeStagesBeforeAsyncPoint, Boolean includeStagesAfterAsyncPoint 135 ltpregtltcodegt codepre  pi already have set codeMaxHttpCollectionkeyscode to 50,000  iam using WCF, i dont understand why is this happening, can some one help, Thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pemUpdatedemp  pTrying to create a quiz where you select an answer in a comboBox, hitting a submit button and a dynamic text area telling you if the answer is correct or not.p  pCant figure out the proper scripting. The comboBox and button work on their own until I add the action script to the submit button then it just keeps looping.p  pThis is the action script Ive tried to use on the submit button box refers to the comboBox answer refers the the dynamic textp  precodesubmitBtn.addEventListenerMouseEvent.MOUSEUP, submit  function submitevtEventvoid if box.getValue  65      answer  Wrong  else if box.getValue  65      answer  Correct       codepre  pThese are the errors im gettingp  pScene 1, Layer submitBtn, Frame 1, Line 4, Column 10  1061 Call to a possibly undefined method getValue through a reference with static type fl.controlsComboBox.p  pScene 1, Layer submitBtn, Frame 1, Line 5, Column 12  1067 Implicit coercion of a value of type String to an unrelated type flash.textTextField.p  pScene 1, Layer submitBtn, Frame 1, Line 7, Column 15  1061 Call to a possibly undefined method getValue through a reference with static type fl.controlsComboBox.p  pScene 1, Layer submitBtn, Frame 1, Line 8, Column 12  1067 Implicit coercion of a value of type String to an unrelated type flash.textTextField.p  pAny help would be greatp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to do a background for listview items similar to this one. That blue line which indicates selected item has glowing affect on it. I want that p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comk869I.png altenter image description herep  pWhat I am able to get is something like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVbwEp.png altenter image description herep  pI have been looking for a solution for about 3 hours now, so help would be greatly appreciated. How to achieve it Here is what I have come up with in my drawablep  precodeltlayerlist xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroidgt     ltitemgt         ltshape androidshaperectanglegt             ltsolid androidcolorcolordarkbrown gt             ltsize androidwidth5dp gt         ltshapegt     ltitemgt      ltitem androidleft5dp         androidright180dpgt          ltshape xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid             androidshaperectanglegt              ltgradient                 androidstartColorcolordarkbrown                 androidendColorcolortextlight                 androidangle0 gt         ltshapegt     ltitemgt      ltitem androidleft5dpgt         ltshape androidshaperectanglegt             ltsolid androidcolorcolortextlight gt         ltshapegt     ltitemgt ltlayerlistgt codepre
Negative 3262 pi copied and pasted my hubspot js tracking code directly from the app as it says to do, but when i place in on the page in html it seems to be not clean code and might be closing out too soon, What is going on with thisp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     functiond,s,i,r          if d.getElementByIdireturn         var nd.createElements,ed.getElementsByTagNames[0]         n.idin.srcjs.hsanalytics.netanalyticsMath.ceilnew Daterr12345.js         e.parentNode.insertBeforen, e     document,script,hsanalytics,300000 ltscriptgt codepre  pIt is causing any code after it to be broken and attached to this js call. I searched around an cant seem to find anything on this..p
Negative 3262 pI am working on a PHP application which Db design was created by another guy who added FK constraintsemOn Cascade delete etcem between tables. So far what I am used to do is to put a FK in another table. For instance we have two tablesp  pstrongUsersstrongp  ul liIDli liNameli liCountryIDli ul  pstrongCountriesstrongp  ul liIDli liNameli ul  pAt application Level I will create two Separate INSERTs calls. If FK is present, then what change do I need to make at my application levelp
Negative 3262 pI just got a new gcc version by running codebrew updatecode and codebrew upgradecode. brew complained that codebrew linkcode did not complete successfullyp  precode   brew upgrade gt Upgrading 1 outdated package, with result gcc 4.8.21 gt Upgrading gcc gt Downloading httpsdownloads.sf.netprojectmachomebrewBottlesgcc4.8.21  100,0 gt Pouring gcc4.8.21.mavericks.bottle.tar.gz Error The brew link step did not complete successfully The formula built, but is not symlinked into usrlocal You can try again using   brew link gcc  Possible conflicting files are usrlocalbingfortran gt usrlocalCellargfortran4.8.2bingfortran usrlocalsharemanman1gfortran.1 gt usrlocalCellargfortran4.8.2sharemanman1gfortran.1  codepre  pSo I ran codebrew link gcccode manuallyp  precode   brew link gcc Linking usrlocalCellargcc4.8.2... 25 symlinks created codepre  pNow when I tell brew to clean up I get the following warningp  precode   brew cleanup Warning Skipping old usrlocalCellargcc4.8.2 due to it being linked codepre  pThere are two gcc version in my Cellarp  precode   ls usrlocalCellargcc 4.8.2   4.8.21 codepre  pDo I need both I would like to remove the old version. How can I achieve thatp
Negative 3262 pOn a certain activity, I need an actionbar height of 7 dip. I am setting this usingp  precodeltitem nameandroidactionBarSizegt6dipltitemgt codepre  phowever after a certain point I want to return the bar to its normal height. how can I do thisp
Negative 3262 pSo, I am writing a game in python and pygame. I was wondering, How come I have to press the w key multiple times to move up I want to be able to hold any key and that action would be repeated. Also, Why does my dagger not swing when the character is faced down This site is making me mad, as I am unable to format my code correctly, so just download it please.p  pThis is where to get all the files including the .py file a hrefhttpswww.mediafire.comfolderk9ai685abradgDeadWorldInfestation2181039 relnofollowhttpswww.mediafire.comfolderk9ai685abradgDeadWorldInfestation2181039ap  pI know how buggy it is, but I want to work on it over the summer and get some stuff done.p
Negative 3262 pI am new to Jasmine2 JS framework. I am using Jasmine.js framework to create test suites for my application developed in Backbone.js framework.p  pWhen I am creating test cases for Backbone.js  views home.js file, one of my home.js views function has p  precodeevent.stopPropagation codepre  pand another function hasp  precodeevent.preventDefault codepre  pIf my Backbone.js  views function has strongevent.stopPropagation and event.preventDefaultstrong, my test suites throws error as below p  pstrongTypeError Cannot read property stopPropagation of undefinedstrongp  pPlease help me, how to write a test cases for my views function which has codeevent.stopPropagation and event.preventDefaultcode p  por p  phow to skip these has event.stopPropagation and event.preventDefault when I am calling function from Jasmine.js frameworkp  pKindly let me know, If you need any further clarification from my transition. p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pIm having a temp table in which Im inserting data. In temp table data is ok and I want to update another table with temp table data. Im new to SQL My Query isp  precodeupdate resulttable set resulttable.a  temp.a,                          resulttable.b  temp.b  from temp where temp.a 1 codepre  pIm deleting the data in temp table and inserting data again in temp table and updating the result table.p  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to use simple jquery offset and animate to make my div scroll to the desired div when the user clicks on a link. p  pBasically, when the user clicks blog it will go to test1 user clicks Contact it will move to test2 user clicks Work it will move to test3.p  pI implemented some code I had used in a previous project it had worked before but the scrolls are not working correctly this time and I really dont know the reason why. I tried searching for a solution but web development has been an on and off thing for me and I dont understand some of the explanations  Any help would be appreciated. p  pEditOne had to update the html, still not working.p  pThe HTMLp  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta namedescription content gt ltmeta namekeywords content gt ltmeta nameauthor content gt ltscript typetextjavascript srcjquery.jsgtltscriptgt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefindex.css  gt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefreset.css  gt   lttitlegtBryan the Lionlttitlegt ltheadgt  ltbodygt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function goOne     var divPosition  .test1.offset     mainwrapper main.animatescrollTop divPosition.top, fast          ltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function goTwo     var divPosition  .test2.offset     mainwrapper main.animatescrollTop divPosition.top, fast          ltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function goThree     var divPosition  .test3.offset     mainwrapper main.animatescrollTop divPosition.top, fast          ltscriptgt     ltdiv id  headergt         lth1gtTitlelth1gt     ltdivgt     ltdiv id  mainboxgt         ltdiv id  designHexgt          ltdivgt         ltdiv id navgt             ltulgt             ltli id  Bloggtlta href onclick goOnegtltagtltligt             ltli id  Contactgtlta hrefonclick goTwogtltagtltligt             ltli id  Workgtlta href onclick goThreegtltagtltligt              ltulgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv id  mainwrappergt             ltdiv id maingt                 ltdiv class  test1gt                     ltpgtsome divltpgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv class  test2 gt                     ltpgtsome div2ltpgt                 ltdivgt                   ltdiv class  test3 gt                     ltpgtsome div3ltpgt                 ltdivgt               ltdivgt         ltdivgt      ltdivgt ltbodygt   lthtmlgt codepre  pThe CSS Of most importance here I think are mainwrapper, main, and test123p  precodebody height 100  background urlimagesgplaypattern.png   fontface      fontfamily AlexBrush     src urlfontsAlexBrushRegular.ttf formattruetype  header height 100px  marginbottom 20px   mainbox    margin 0 auto  width 80  height 52  0px    mainwrapper marginleft 45        width 67     overflow hidden  mainwrapper main    width 103     height 500px      overflowyscroll   .test1 height 500px  background yellow  .test2 height 500px  background blue  .test3 height 500px  background gray  nav float left width 275px  height 450px  marginleft 3   nav ul li a display block width 100  height 150px   nav ul li ahover cursor pointer  nav Blog background urlimagesBlog.png  nav Bloghover background urlimagesBloghover.png  nav Contact background urlimagesContact.png  nav Contacthover background urlimagesContacthover.png  nav Work background urlimagesWork.png  nav Workhover background urlimagesWorkhover.png  designHex background rgba255,255,255, 0.3 height 150px  width 150px  position absolute top 50px  left 5   codepre
Negative 3262 pIm new to PHP,I got error in my web page.It saidp  blockquote   pNotice Undefined index itemid in hometz005publichtmlCOMP1687edit.php on line 103p blockquote  pCan I use isset to fix this problem If yes, how to do so Here is my scriptp  precodeltphp include database connection include dbconnect.php   if the form was submittedposted, update the item ifPOST      write query     sql  UPDATE                  iteminformation              SET                 itemtitle  ,                  itemdescription  ,                 date  ,             WHERE                  itemid       stmt  mysqligtpreparesql      stmtgtbindparam         sssi,          POST[itemtitle],          POST[itemdescription],         POST[date],         POST[itemid]            execute the update statement     ifstmtgtexecute         echo Item was updated.           close the prepared statement         stmtgtclose     else         dieUnable to update.        sql  SELECT              itemid, itemtitle, itemdescription, date         FROM              iteminformation         WHERE              id   . mysqligtrealescapestringGET[itemid] .          LIMIT              0,1   execute the sql query result  mysqligtquery sql   get the result if result  mysqligtquery sql     if row  resultgtfetchassoc        row contains data       disconnect from database resultgtfree mysqligtclose gt codepre
Negative 3262 pIs there a widget that I can put on my websites order confirmation page that will play a piece of audio in my office p  pFor example Someone places and order on my website and I hear a cash register sound or a bell in my office letting me know that someone placed an order. p
Negative 3262 pIve been looking for ways how to convert vtk or stl files to json.  Im asking because I want to load my 3d models to web browser using a hrefhttpsgithub.comxtkX relnofollowhttpsgithub.comxtkXa XTK library. But the vtkstl files are too large about 100 MB to be displayed on the web.p  pIve read that the best solution is to write the model to JSON file.p  pI found this converter a hrefhttptmpvar.comtmpstljson.html relnofollowhttptmpvar.comtmpstljson.htmla ,but the same problem occurs too large size of the model.p
Negative 3262 pSay I have the following.p  precodeforeach var loop in helper.Loopx gt x.LoopItems      loop.Textx gt x.Name     loop.Spanx gt x.Name      foreach var loopItem in loop.Loopx gt x.NestedLoopItems              loopItem.Textx gt x.Age       codepre  pThis works just create with my current implementation, however it has to compile the inner lambda expression as many times as there are loop items. Currently this does something like this to create the expression to access a codeListltTgtcode indexer. eg. codex.ListItems[i]codep  precodevar methodCallExpression  Expression.Callexpression, PropertyInfo expression.Member.PropertyType.GetMethodgetItem, Expression.Constanti var expression  Expression.LambdaltFuncltTModel, TgtgtmethodCallExpression, expression.GetParameterltTModelgt codepre  pIt then doesp  precodevar newExpression  CombineExpressionlistExpression var enumerable  newExpression.Compile.InvokehtmlHelper.ViewData.Model codepre  pAnd it is the compile step that seems to be the expensive one. Would there be any way to cache this given the fact that it needs to create a new one for each loop, such that codeicode in codeExpression.Constanticode needs to increment each time modifying the expression.p
Negative 3262 pCan Sencha Architect evaluate expressions when assigning values to configuration properties at design time Example p  precode proxy          type rest,         url ajustes.getUrl      codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHA8t1.png altenter image description herep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comgWNlL.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pI have a problem with using hasmany through on a concern and from a polymorphic association.p  pSo I have 3 models and concern here a hrefhttpsgist.github.comandreorvalho5c2f0e3800fbb126df85 relnofollowhttpsgist.github.comandreorvalho5c2f0e3800fbb126df85ap  pmy problem is when I create a competition and dop  pcompetition.contentpermissionsources I get all the correct values, but when I do competition. permissionsources I get an empty collection proxy, even though the contentpermissionsource has a permissionsourcep  precode2.1.1 022 gt c.contentpermissionsources  gt ltActiveRecordAssociationsCollectionProxy [ltContentPermissionSource id 1, permissibleid 1, permissibletype Competition, permissionsourceid 5, isforced nil, createdat 20140526 190840, updatedat 20140526 190840gt, ltContentPermissionSource id 2, permissibleid 1, permissibletype Competition, permissionsourceid 4, isforced nil, createdat 20140526 190840, updatedat 20140526 190840gt, ltContentPermissionSource id 3, permissibleid 1, permissibletype Competition, permissionsourceid 6, isforced nil, createdat 20140526 190840, updatedat 20140526 190840gt]gt  2.1.1 023 gt c.permissionsources  gt ltActiveRecordAssociationsCollectionProxy []gt  2.1.1 024 gt c.contentpermissionsources.first.permissionsource  gt ltPermissionSource id 5, collectableid 1, collectabletype Site, sourcecode 690089, sourcename fallback, permissiontype newsletter, countrycode dk, createdat 20140526 190301, updatedat 20140526 190301gt  codepre  pAnybody has an idea of what I am doing wrong and how can I make sure I can access it correctlyp
Negative 3262 pI try to send some data to a multicast group. This worked for sometime, but now I get an exception. The Exception says that the hostname cant be resolved HRESULT 0x80072AF9.p  pThe hostname he tries to resolve is the ip address 224.5.6.7. This exception doesnt occurs on my Surface RT but on the Surface Pro.p  pWith this sample I could produce the errorp  precode    private async void Test               try                      var socket  new Windows.Networking.Sockets.DatagramSocket             var localAdress  CurrentIPAddress             var port  40404             const string MGROUP  224.5.6.7              socket.MessageReceived  sender, ev gt                  System.Diagnostics.Debugger.Break                            await socket.BindEndpointAsyncnew HostNamelocalAdress, port             socket.JoinMulticastGroupnew HostNameMGROUP               HRESULT 0x80072AF9             var stream  await socket.GetOutputStreamAsync                                          new HostNameMGROUP,                                          port             await stream.WriteAsyncnew byte[]  3 .AsBuffer                   catch Exception e                      System.Diagnostics.Debugger.Break             throw                    private string CurrentIPAddress              var icp  NetworkInformation.GetInternetConnectionProfile          if icp  null ampamp icp.NetworkAdapter  null                      var hostname                  NetworkInformation.GetHostNames                     .SingleOrDefault                         hn gt                         hn.IPInformation  null ampamp hn.IPInformation.NetworkAdapter  null                         ampamp hn.IPInformation.NetworkAdapter.NetworkAdapterId                          icp.NetworkAdapter.NetworkAdapterId              if hostname  null                               the ip address                 return hostname.CanonicalName                                return string.Empty      codepre  pThe Exception happens when GetOutputStreamAsync is called. p  pIn both Systems the Sockets are bound to an ipv4 address.br Both Systems are up do date. 29. May 2014p
Negative 3262 pI just installed visual studio 2013 on windows 8.1p  pWhen i go to new project then in the windows visual studio is not showing web templates like web pages, MVC 3,4,5 and other stuff like Windows form application and data bases. Visual studio is just showing phone apps development templates. why is this so because i have installed visual studio express with update 2 and i think its latest.p  pI tried many things like repairing update 2 and installed other asp.net templates for visual studio 2013 but i am not getting on my way...p  pPlease suggest me solutionsp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to create a payment method activity in Android.p  pIve seen lots of website recognizing my text input credit card number DYNAMICALLY so if I put first 34 digits, it knows if the card is VISA, MASTER, etc .. before I even finish typing.p  pWhat I thought to do was to update the String value I get from getText method each time an user types. but dont know where to start so farp  pPlease let me know.p  pThank youp
Negative 3262 pI have the following structure defined  u8 is typedef for unsigned charp  precodestruct      u8 lengthdirectoryrecord     u8 extendedattributerecord     u8 locationofextend[8]     union              u8 bytes[8]         struct                      long little             long big          endian       dir codepre  pNow when I read a file into this like thisp  precodefseekmyfile, SECTORSIZE2223434, 0 freadsampdir, sizeofdir, sizeofu8, 18, myfile codepre  pI get weird large numbers when I print the datalength value little one. The value actually are stored as LSB and MSB  both byte orders, thats why I use the struct in the union.p  precodeprintfData Length of File Section un, dir.datalength.endian.little codepre  pHowever when I do the same steps without reading into a struct it worksp  precodeunion     u8 val[4]     long v  value fseekmyfile, SECTORSIZE  222  34  3410, 0 freadsampvalue, sizeofvalue, sizeofu8, 4, myfile printfun, value.v codepre  pWhat is wrong with my first version Why is the structure incorrectly filled or where is there any problem i do not see here p  pEDIT Some more information The file i am reading is a binary file. SECTORSIZE  222  34  34 is the position where the structure starts. I verified this using a Hex Editor Sector Size is 2048, so the 10 in the second example directly jumps to the offset of the 32bit number stored as LSB an MSB  so 8 bytesp  pFile Dump of the offset starting the structurep  precode30 00 DF 00 00 00 00 00 00 DF 30 C3 0B 00 00 0B C3 30   0.......0....0 codepre  pExpected value for the datalength is 770864 bytes but the output at the moment is 3862510 random valuep
Negative 3262 pWhen I call random.samplearr,length an error returns randomsample takes at most 1 positional argument 2 given.Ive tried importing numpy under a different name, which doesnt fix the problem.Any thoughts Thanksp  precodeimport numpy.random import random import numpy as np from numpy import    points  [[1,1],[1.5,2],[3,4],[5,7],[3.5,5],[4.5,5], [3.5,4]]   def clusterX,center   clusters      for x in X      z min[i[0], np.linalg.normxcenter[i[0]]  for i in enumeratecenter], keylambda tt[1]      try       clusters[z].appendx     except KeyError       clusters[z][x]    return clusters  def updateoldcenter,clusters   d[]  r[]  newcenter[]   for k in clusters   if k[0]0     d.appendclusters[k[0],k[1]]    else    r.appendclusters[k[0],k[1]]   cnp.meand, axis0  unp.meanr,axis0  newcenter.appendc  newcenter.appendu    return newcenter  def shouldStopoldcenter,center, iterations     MAXITERATIONS0     if iterations gt MAXITERATIONS return True     unp.arrayequalcenter,oldcenter     return u  def initboardN     X  np.array[random.uniform1,4, random.uniform1, 4 for i in range4]     return X  def kmeansX,k        clusters   iterations  0   oldcenter[[],[]]   center  random.sampleX,k                           while not shouldStopoldcenter, center, iterations          Save old centroids for convergence test. Book keeping.         oldcentercenter          iterations  1         clustersclusterX,center           centerupdateoldcenter,clusters    return center,clusters  Xinitboard4 center,clusterskmeansX,2 print center,center print clusters, clusters codepre
Negative 3262 pSo far the following code successfully merges 2 images together dest is 573x311 abd src is 428x255. The merged result is 573x311. Here it isp  precode  dest  imagecreatefrompngimagesprojectlaptop.png   src  imagecreatefromjpegimagesprojectlaptopsite.jpg   mergedimage  imagesprojectlaptopsitemerged.png    imagealphablendingdest, false   imagesavealphadest, true    imagecopymergedest, src, 73, 19, 0, 0, 428, 255, 100    imagepngdest, mergedimage codepre  pEven though this works, strongwhat I really wantstrong is to reverse the order put dest on top of src, ie the png on top the jpg and have the resulting size be 573x311. The following code hasnt workedp  precode  src  imagecreatefrompngimagesprojectlaptop.png   dest  imagecreatefromjpegimagesprojectlaptopsite.jpg   mergedimage  imagesprojectlaptopsitemerged.png    imagealphablendingdest, false   imagesavealphadest, true    imagecopymergedest, src, 73, 19, 0, 0, 573, 311, 100    imagepngdest, mergedimage codepre
Negative 3262 pI need to retrieve all available MAC addresses available in the current mobile device, and if possible the currently active network card IP address.p  ul liHow can I get the currently active network card MAC and IP address in Delphi XE5  XE6 li ul
Negative 3262 pIm making a webpage that displays my database. Im using 2 tables for this.p  pTable artikel and imagesp  pBoth tables got a key that link to each other AARTCODE and IARTCODEp  pBoth keys are the same.p  pNow I got the problem my keys were not linked and I saw this was, because I didnt used thisp  precodeWHERE artikel.AARTCODE  images.IARTCODE codepre  pSo first my page looked like this a hrefhttpswww.dropbox.comsmwcadcjbi4ol8crwrongid.jpg relnofollowclick hereap  pand when I used that code I got this a hrefhttpswww.dropbox.comsh9s9krpq0xf0o7calmost.jpg relnofollowclick hereap  pLike you see, now my both IDs are correct.p  pBut I was talking about my tables, in the table images I only got 2 images. Those you see now, but I got like 383 items in my artikel table.p  pMy question now is, how can I display them all Even the items without a picturep  pThis is my total php codep  precode    ltphp includeconnectmysql.php if emptyGET[page]      page   GET[page]  else      page1   startfrom  page1  20  sqlget  SELECT  FROM artikel, images WHERE artikel.AARTCODE  images.IARTCODE LIMIT startfrom, 20    sqldata  mysqliquerydbcon, sqlget or dieerror getting defineIMAGEPATH, images  sql  SELECT COUNTAARTCODE FROM artikel rsresult  mysqliquerydbcon, sql or die mysqli query dies row  mysqlifetchrowrsresult or die mysqli fetch row dies totalrecords  row[0]  totalpages  ceiltotalrecords  20  echo ltdiv classbovengt  for i1 ilttotalpages i               echo lta hrefindex.phppage.i.gt.i.ltagt     echo ltdivgt  echo lttablegt echo lttrgtltthgtAARTCODEltthgtltthgtANUMMERltthgtltthgtAOMSCHRNltthgtltthgtAREFLEVltthgtltthgtAWINKELltthgtltthgtIARTCODEltthgtltthgtIFILEltthgtlttrgt  whilerow  mysqlifetcharraysqldata     echo lttrgtlttd alignrightgt     echo row[AARTCODE]     echo lttdgtlttd alignleftgt     echo row[ANUMMER]     echo lttdgtlttd alignleftgt     echo row[AOMSCHRN]     echo lttdgtlttd alignleftgt     echo row[AREFLEV]     echo lttdgtlttd alignrightgt     echo row[AWINKEL]     echo lttdgtlttd alignrightgt     echo row[IARTCODE]     echo lttdgtlttd alignrightgt     echo ltimg src. IMAGEPATH . row[IPATH].  . row[IID]. .png . gt     echo lttdgtlttrgt        echo lttablegt  echo ltdiv classondergt  for i1 ilttotalpages i               echo lta hrefindex.phppage.i.gt.i.ltagt     echo ltdivgt gt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a select item with in there a few options, and one of them is called other... What I want is that when a user clicks on other.. a textarea will appear, I know this can be done with jQuery. Here is a short and simple version of my HTMLp  precodelthtmlgt   ltbodygt     ltselectgt       ltoption valueopt1gtOption 1ltoptiongt       ltoption valueopt2gtOption 2ltoptiongt       ltoption valueopt3gtOption 3ltoptiongt       ltoption valueopt4gtOption 4ltoptiongt       ltoption valueothergtOther..ltoptiongt     ltselectgt     ltinput typetext idothertext gt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 3262 hr  h2GENERAL IDEAh2  hr  pHere is a snippet of what Im working withp  precodemy urltemp my pagetemp my ptemp my tempstuff my collector  foreach blarglinks          urltemp           pagetemp  get urltemp  or die          ptemp  HTMLTreeBuildergtnewfromcontent pagetemp          tempstuff  ptempgtlookdown                 tag gt foo,                 class gt bar                  foreach tempstuff                  pushcollector, httpwww.foobar.sx . 1 if gtasHTML  mhref.           codepre  pHopefully it is clear that what Im hopelessly trying to do is push the link endings found in each of a list of links into an array called codetempstuffcode. So the first link in codeblarglinkscode, when visited, has greater than or equal to 1 codefoocode tag with an associated codebarcode class that when acted on by codeasHTMLcode will match something I want in the codehrefcode equality to then pump into an array of links which have the data Im really after... Does that make sensep  hr  h2ACTUAL DATAh2  hr  precodemy url2  httpwww.chemistry.ucla.educalendarnodefielddateyear my page2  get url2  or die  my p2  HTMLTreeBuildergtnewfromcontent page2   my stuff2  p2gtlookdown         tag gt div,         class gt year minidayon   my chemlinks  foreach stuff2          pushchemlinks, 1 if gtasHTML  mhttpwww.chemistry.ucla.educalendarnodefielddateday[09]4[09]2[09]2   my urltemp my pagetemp my ptemp my tempstuff my collector  foreach chemlinks          urltemp           pagetemp  get urltemp  or die          ptemp  HTMLTreeBuildergtnewfromcontent pagetemp          tempstuff  ptempgtlookdown                 tag gt span,                 class gt fieldcontent            foreach tempstuff                  pushcollector, httpwww.chemistry.ucla.edu . 1 if gtasHTML  mhref.  codepre  hr  pemn.b.em  I want to use HTMLTreeBuilder. Im aware of alternatives.p  hr
Negative 3262 pI have a problem with my website. When I resize the browser window  access the site from a device with a small screen, a white transparent box appears from the bottom of the page and grows bigger as I resize the window. I have no idea where it came from, I cant find the issue in my code.p  pTry scrolling down to the bottom of this page www.oneonine.net and make the window smaller, to see what I am referring to.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 3262 pWhen building my ObjectiveC project for Mac OS 10.9, Xcode 5.11, I get the error messagep  precodeLexical or Preprocessor Issue OpenGLOpenGL.h file not found. codepre  pThe error is caused by the include section of the file CVDisplayLink.h where the above named file is included. CVDisplayLink.h belongs to the framework CoreVideo. Now there are two strange points related to that issuep  ol lipThe error appeared after I tried to test some basic OpenGL features using the tutorial in the Mac Developer Library  a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibrarymacdocumentationGraphicsImagingConceptualOpenGLMacProgGuideopengldrawingopengldrawing.htmlapplerefdocuidTP40001987CH404SW8 relnofollowhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibrarymacdocumentationGraphicsImagingConceptualOpenGLMacProgGuideopengldrawingopengldrawing.htmlapplerefdocuidTP40001987CH404SW8a .  I added an NSOpenGLView to my MainMenu as well as the related code given in the tutorial. Then the error message appeared. I also tried to add the OpenGL and CoreVideo frameworks to my project target, but this did not help.pli lipAfter some frustration, I removed the NSOpenGLView from my project, as well as all related code. Now the error Message still appeares and I have no Idea how to ged rid of it.pli ol
Negative 3262 pI am developing an android application in FlashDevelop. I use SWC objects,scale and position them on the stage based on the device resolution. the strange thing is that when I play the application one of the objects wont display sometimes. when I traced the object width and height it print 0 and even when I set the width and height to a fixed size it still trace 0 and doesnt display the object on screen.The strange thing is that it doesnt happen every time I run the application. I would like to know why and how I can fix itp  pthis is the codep  precodeprivate var txttext002  new text002 public var objScalepositionScale  new positionScale    txt.x  450 txt.y  10 txt.height  250 txt.width  967 tracebefore scaletxt.height tracetxt.width objScale.calR, txt.width, txt.height, txt.x, txt.y, scaleDown txt.x  objScale.X txt.y  objScale.Y txt.height  objScale.H txt.width  objScale.W codepre  ptext002 is the swc class. the positionScale is a class that I made to scale the SWC objects. the trace here prints 0 before the scaling.p
Negative 3262 pI was referring to Apples Swift programming guide for understanding creation of Mutable immutable objectsArray, Dictionary, Sets, Data in Swift language. But I couldt understand how to create a immutable collections in Swift. p  pI would like to see the equivalents in Swift for the following in ObjectiveCp  pstrongImmutable Arraystrongp  precodeNSArray imArray  [[NSArray alloc]initWithObjectsFirst,Second,Third,nil] codepre  pstrongMutable Arraystrongp  precodeNSMutableArray mArray  [[NSMutableArray alloc]initWithObjectsFirst,Second,Third,nil] [mArray addObjectFourth] codepre  pstrongImmutable Dictionarystrongp  precodeNSDictionary imDictionary  [[NSDictionary alloc] initWithObjectsAndKeysValue1, Key1, Value2, Key2, nil] codepre  pstrongMutable Dictionarystrongp  precodeNSMutableDictionary mDictionary  [[NSMutableDictionary alloc]initWithObjectsAndKeysValue1, Key1, Value2, Key2, nil] [mDictionary setObjectValue3 forKeyKey3] codepre
Negative 3262 pI am using Arduino GSM Shield receiving SMS from an Android app. And the content of this SMS will control a LED. If the content of this SMS is not off, the LED will be on and the content will be printed in the serial monitor. But if it is off, the LED will be off immediately. Besides, the LED will keep being on until the off message coming. For now, I used the code from the example of the software. But I cannot use the content of this SMS to control the status of LED. With the code below, the LED could not be turned on and the content could not be displayed on the monitor. I think it was because the sketch failed to get the whole content of this SMS. Could anybody tell me how to solve this problem Thanks.p  precodeinclude ltGSM.hgt GSM gsmAccess GSMSMS sms char senderNumber[20]   int led13 void setup   Serial.begin9600 pinModeled,OUTPUT digitalWriteled,LOW while Serial       Serial.printlnSMS Messages Receiver boolean notConnected  true whilenotConnected  ifgsmAccess.begin6442GSMREADY   notConnected  false else      Serial.printlnNot connected     delay1000           Serial.printlnGSM initialized       Serial.printlnWaiting for messages     void loop       char c   int val0   valdigitalReadled   if valHIGH   digitalWriteled,HIGH      if sms.available      Serial.printlnMessage received from   sms.remoteNumbersenderNumber, 20   Serial.printlnsenderNumber  ifsms.peek    Serial.printlnDiscarded SMS   sms.flush     whilecsms.read      ifcoff   digitalWriteled,LOW else   digitalWriteled,HIGH   Serial.printc    Serial.printlnnEND OF MESSAGE   sms.flush   Serial.printlnMESSAGE DELETED    delay1000  codepre
Negative 3262 pI am trying to show a date picker when a text control is clicked using swift. I have done this like sop  precode   var DatePickerView   UIDatePicker  UIDatePicker    DatePickerView.datePickerMode  UIDatePickerMode.Date    txtBirthdate.inputView  DatePickerView codepre  pnow when the user taps the text box instead of a keyboard we get a date picker, the problem is with this line p  precode   DatePickerView.addTarget self, action handelDatePicker, forControlEvents UIControlEvents.ValueChanged  codepre  pand I handle the control like so p  precode   func handelDatePicker           txtBirthdate.text   dateFormatter.stringFromDateDatePickerView.date     codepre  pI dont know what is going on, it keeps giving me an invalid selector exception, has anyone figured this out yet, I know swift is very new. p
Negative 3262 pIn my iOS app I have an UITabBarController. On the top of each view that will be inside the TabBar I want to have a NavigationBar with title. I dont want to use this NavigationBar for navigation between views, I want only to use it for showing a title of a view.p  pIn my opinion it is not good idea to put NavigationBar into each view. This NavigationBar should be in a root view  view of TabBarController. But if I put it into the root view, sub view overlaps root view with NavigationBar which is not visible. p  pCan you tell me how I should solve this problem Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pI install open source puppet on the servers.  Puppet server have Puppet 3.3.1 and on agent puppet 2.7.25.p  pUntil now I work with manifest file. Now I would like to create a perlphp script  that will create the YAML script and should overwrite the manifest files.p  pI edit the file puppet.conf and putp  precodemodeterminus  exec externalnodes  usrbinenv PUPPETDASHBOARDURLhttplocalhost3000 pathtobinexternalnode codepre  pIn the file pathtobinexternalnode I put my code for the perl script. when I run Puppet on the agent, its look like it still take the manifest instead of the script I put.p  pAlso,  How can I send parameters to the script  How to access to fact variables from the script, like hostname etcp  pAfter this part will work I would like to make it visual from the Dashboard too. Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pSay you have the classp  precodepublic class GenericModelltT1, T2gt      public T1 Model1  get set      public T2 Model2  get set   codepre  pHow can you tell using reflection that the type of Model1 is generic argument T1 and the type of Model2 is generic argument T2p  pIm looking for a property or something that will tell me that Model1s type maps to codetypeofGenericModellt,gt.GetGenericArguments[0]codep
Negative 3262 precode    DataTable dtbind  new DataTable         dtbind  objvehicleBAL.GetTaxdetails          for int i  0 i amplt dtbind.Rows.Count i                      DateTime dt1  DateTime.ParseExactdtbind.Rows[i][todate].ToString, ddMMyyyy, null             if dt1 amplt DateTime.Now.AddDays15                              GVTax.DataSource  dtbind.Rows[i]                 GVTax.DataBind                         codepre  pi had written my conditions in if. I want to bind only satisfied rows in grid. How can I write please help me out its urgent....p
Negative 3262 pI have salesforce apex class in that class I am unable to send an SMS via the twilio api. It executes properly, but didnt send any message. The code  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq24290617Click herea is my post.p  pCan someone tell me why it is not sending an smsp
Negative 3262 pI have written a script that works perfectly in Firefox. But whenever I use it in Chrome, it doesnt do anything. It gives me this errorp  precodeUncaught ReferenceError uneval is not defined codepre  pHow do I fix this p  precodefunction injectfunc      window.location  javascript  encodeURIComponentunevalfunc     injectfunction      var alt  window.alert     window.alert  functions          if Strings.matchError unable to connect to API              alt.applywindow, arguments                     Ping the Angel server every five minutes     window.setTimeoutfunction          if window.ANGEL ampamp ANGEL.sessionTimer              ANGEL.sessionTimer.reset             ANGEL.sessionTimer.extendSession                  window.setTimeoutarguments.callee, 5  60  1000     , 5  60  1000  codepre
Negative 3262 pHow to get image from MySQL DB using PHP amp Json and show it in Android Grid view or image view  br How to get the image from DB . I tried to generate JSON data using PHP from MySQl but it showing like this for the image strongImagePosternull,strong rest of primitive types are am getting the fine output as JSON but Dono how to fix it for image ...... br Can any one help for this br Thanks in Advancep
Negative 3262 pInitially, for DateIN column in my DB i set it as DateTime datatype. Then due to some issues, i modified it to Date datatype. But when i tried to update the model in Entity Framework by right clicking in the designer Update model from Database, the column datatype is not setting to Date datatype. p  pstrongModified datatype for DateIN columnstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comaa48r.png altenter image description herep  pstrongUpdate Model from databasestrong img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comx46fx.png altenter image description herep  pstrongDatetype not changedstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqV3HQ.png altenter image description herep  pIn the properties for the column, i even could not find Date datatype. Please check through the below images for further details. Please let me know how to proceed with this. Any alternativesp
Negative 3262 pI would like to move a file after it is printed. I am using codeFileSystemWatchercode.p  precodeprivate void DoAutomatic      FileSystemWatcher watcher  new FileSystemWatcher     watcher.Path  Properties.Settings.Default.Chemin       Watch for changes in LastAccess and LastWrite times, and     the renaming of files or directories.      watcher.NotifyFilter  NotifyFilters.LastAccess  NotifyFilters.LastWrite  NotifyFilters.FileName  NotifyFilters.DirectoryName      Only watch text files.     watcher.Filter  Properties.Settings.Default.TypeFichier       Add event handlers.     watcher.Changed  new FileSystemEventHandlerOnChanged     watcher.Created  new FileSystemEventHandlerOnChanged                 Begin watching.     watcher.EnableRaisingEvents  true       Wait for the user to quit the program.     Console.WriteLinePress q to quit the sample.     while Console.Read  q     Define the event handlers.  private  void OnChangedobject source, FileSystemEventArgs e                           MessageBox.ShowFile   e.FullPath     e.ChangeType     DoSaveNPrint   private  void DoSaveNPrint      try              string CheminBoite  Properties.Settings.Default.Chemin         if String.IsNullOrEmptyCheminBoite                      MessageBox.ShowChmin boite est vide                  else                      DirectoryInfo di  new DirectoryInfoCheminBoite             FileInfo[] rgFiles  di.GetFiles              foreach FileInfo fi in rgFiles                              switch Properties.Settings.Default.TypeDonne                                      case 35SOCAH                         Outils.PutCSVtoSQLSOCAHCheminBoite    fi.Name, Id                          break                     case 50LISM                         Outils.PutCSVtoSQLLISMCheminBoite    fi.Name, Id                         break                     default                         Outils.PutCSVtoSQLCheminBoite    fi.Name, Id                         break                                   Dictionaryltstring, intgt oDict  Outils.GetDataOrdre                 Outils.PrintBonEtickettrue, Outils.GetRightPrinterProperties.Settings.Default.Zebra, oDict[NOORDRE], oDict[NBRCOLIS]                  string SourceFile  CheminBoite    fi.Name                 string DestiFile  CSoft8DonneHisto  DateTime.Now.ToStringddMMyyyyhhmmss  fi.Name                 WaitForFileSourceFile, DestiFile                           GetData             Outils.InsrtJournaxsqlInstJounaux, Outils.GetComputerName.Trim, GetDataNPrint, 3, 3, Reussi             if Properties.Settings.Default.IsAuto                               MessageBox.ShowLa sauvegarde a t effectue                                  catch Exception excThrown              MessageBox.ShowexcThrown.Message  Environment.NewLine  Veuillez prevenir France alliance          Outils.InsrtJournaxsqlInstJounaux, Outils.GetComputerName.Trim, problme GetDataNPrint, 3, 3, excThrown.Message         ltsummarygt  Blocks until the file is not locked any more.  ltsummarygt  ltparam namefullPathgtltparamgt bool WaitForFilestring fullPathSource, string fullPathDesti      int numTries  0     while true              numTries         try                          File.MovefullPathSource, fullPathDesti             return true                  catch Exception ex                      MessageBox.ShowString.FormatWaitForFile 0 failed to get an exclusive lock 1, fullPathSource, ex.ToString              if numTries gt 10                              MessageBox.ShowString.FormatWaitForFile 0 giving up after 10 tries, fullPathSource                 return false                            Wait for the lock to be released             System.Threading.Thread.Sleep500                                       codepre  pWith my current code I get an error because the file is being used by another process.p
Negative 3262 pFollowing a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5362771loadmodulefromstringinpython75481907548190this answera, I am using codeimp.newmodulecode and codeexeccode to dynamically load a module and extract functions from it. However, when I store the module in a local variable, functions from it get broken. Here is an examplep  precodeimport imp  mod  None func  None  code   a  42  def func     print a   def main     global mod     global func     mod  imp.newmodulemodulename     exec code in mod.dict     func  mod.func  main func codepre  pExecuting this with Python 2.7.3 yields codeNonecode a hrefhttpcodepad.orggeYhLJcd relnofollowcodepada. After uncommenting codeglobal modcode line, making codemodcode global, the function works as expected and prints 42 a hrefhttpcodepad.orgwESS0m2e relnofollowcodepada. p  pWhat am I missing Why does the behaviour change when module is stored in a local variablep
Negative 3262 pIm trying to iterate over an array containing multiparent dependencies in the most efficient way possible for the purpose of building an efficient filedependency script implementing RequireJS. p  pI have used the answer to this question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4452472categoryhierarchyphpmysqlCategory Hierarchy PHPMySQLa successfully for a 1 parent scenario.  However there is another constraint in that one childscript may depend on more than one parentscript.p  pFor example a list of scripts and their dependencies which are currently an array in PHP consider the script name unique and the keyp  precode    Script Name            Dependencies            jquery            jquerycore, jquerymigrate   jquerycore       null                          jquerymigrate    null                          statistics        null                          backtotop         jquery                        jquerycircle     jquery                        interfaceslider  jquerycircle                 test1             jquery, statistics            test2             test1                         test3             null                          codepre  pWould create an array demonstrated as strongJSONstrong for clarity like the one below where a shared dependency such as that of strongtest1strong would be nested under code[jquerycore jquerymigrate][jquery][statistics]code as opposed to having a new inclusion of code[jquerycore jquerymigrate][jquery statistics][test1]codep  precodeallScripts  [              name jquerycore jquerymigrate,         children[                              namejquery,                 children[                                              namebacktotop,                         childrennull                     ,                                              namestatistics,                         children[                                                              nametest1,                                 children[                                                                              nametest2,                                         childrennull                                                                      ]                                                      ]                     ,                                              namejquerycircle,                         children[                                                              nameinterfaceslider,                                 childrennull                                                      ]                                      ]                      ]     ,              nametest3,         childrennull      ] codepre  pPerhaps this needs a form of lowestcommonancestor approacha hrefhttpwww.stoimen.comblog20120824computeralgorithmsfindingthelowestcommonancestor relnofollowhttpwww.stoimen.comblog20120824computeralgorithmsfindingthelowestcommonancestora  p  pAny help is much appreciatedp
Negative 3262 pIm using google charts with discrete values and cant seem to get the vAxis line to be drawn in black.p  pIt appears when graphic in Continuous values but I dont want the chart to be spaced out that way.p  phere are the 2 types of graphs. p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netcFHJY relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netcFHJYap  precodegoogle.loadvisualization, 1, packages [corechart] google.setOnLoadCallbackdrawChart  function drawChart      var discreteData  new google.visualization.DataTable     discreteData.addColumnstring, Number     discreteData.addColumnnumber, Value      discreteData.addRows[         [1.492, 10],         [30.701, 17],         [127.469, 6],         [749.382, 11]     ]      var discreteChart  new google.visualization.ColumnChartdocument.getElementByIddiscretechartdiv     discreteChart.drawdiscreteData,          title Discrete Axis Line Chart           var continuousData  new google.visualization.DataTable     continuousData.addColumnnumber, Number     continuousData.addColumnnumber, Value      continuousData.addRows[         [1.492, 10],         [30.701, 17],         [127.469, 6],         [749.382, 11]     ]      var continuousChart  new google.visualization.ColumnChartdocument.getElementByIdcontinuouschartdiv     continuousChart.drawcontinuousData,          title Continuous Axis Line Chart       codepre  pHow do I get the vAxis line to be drawnp
Negative 3262 pSo I am trying to automate a .bat file for AWS S3 configuration.  At this point I type in AWS configuration to the command line and the precede to enter the AWS access key, secret key, region name and output manually.   I am new to scripting and Im sure its a simple solution. How can I put these 4 things key, secret key, region, output into the .bat file so I can just run the .bat script to configure the file.  Basically how can I enter this Amazon web service S3 data automatically.p
Negative 3262 pIm looking for a way to give users premissionauthorization to configure and build only the jobs they created and not every thing. p  pIn the Matrixbased security in the job category the configure give premission for every job and its not something I want.p  pI only want to allow users to do thing on there own jobs p  phow can I do that p
Negative 3262 pIve noticed that its extremely useful to see, in realtime, how long a program has been running. Ive just began using emacs but after much searching havent found a way to do this if it is even possible. p  pAny help is much appreciated.p  pP.S. Im well aware of profilers but that is not what Im looking for.p
Negative 3262 pI simple cant figure out  I am scrapping data from an utf8 encoded site, well that is at least what it saysp  precodeContentType texthtmlcharsetutf8 codepre  pI am getting a list of regular unicode strings with XPath selector extract callp  precodeitem[city] element.selectdiv[idbubble2]divtext.extract codepre  pThis is the listp  precode[uWestbahnhofstr.xa010, u72070xa0Txfcbingen] codepre  pNow I join the list into one unicode stringp  precodeitem[city] .joinelement.selectdiv[idbubble2]divtext.extract codepre  pSo far so goodp  precodeuBeim Nonnenhausxa0672070xa0Txfcbingen codepre  pThe problem appears while I try to output this unicode string either to screen print or to a file write. whatever I try it returns an error a hrefhttppastebin.com51DkX2R2 relnofollowhttppastebin.com51DkX2R2ap  precodeexceptions.UnicodeEncodeError ascii codec cant encode character uxa0 in   position 11 ordinal not in range128 codepre  pI have encoded unicode to byte string before output of coursep  precodeitem[city].encodeutf8 codepre  pThis is my pipeline.py and how I use to open and write to my cvsp  precodeimport csv import items import urlparse import codecs  class DepostPipelineobject     def initself         self.modelsCsv  csv.writercodecs.openDees.csv, modew,encodingutf8         self.modelsCsv.writerow[city]  def processitemself, item, spider     if isinstanceitem, items.DetailsItem          item[city]  item[city].encodeutf8          self.modelsCsv.writerow[item[city]]          return item codepre  pThe most weird thing is that my system python on windows handles unicode strings perfectlyp  precodeCConsole2gtpython Python 2.7.6 default, Nov 10 2013, 192418 [MSC v.1500 32 bit Intel] on win32 Type help, copyright, credits or license for more information. gtgtgt suBeim Nonnenhausxa0672070xa0Txfcbingen gtgtgt print s Beim Nonnenhaus672070Tbingen codepre  pI have been reading about utf8, unicode, encoding and decoding a lot over the last 10 days but it seems that I still miss something here I appreciate any help or advice.p
Negative 3262 pIve got a little webpage Ive been working on for the fun of it, but there is an undesired result.p  pThere are 2 tables that by default show up with the columns aligned, as I desire. They both have 100 page width, and the cells within share the same specified width. The final cell does not have a width specified so that it can expand if the page width is increased thus keeping the table at 100 of the page width. No heights are specified so cells can grow infinitely if needed.p  pstrongTable 1strongp  precodelt boxsorting gt lttable stylezindex2positionfixedtop196pxmargintop0pxmarginleftautomarginrightautomarginbottom0pxwidth100minwidth1200pxbackgroundcolorCCCtextaligncenterverticalalignmiddlefont12px Arial, Helvetica, sansserifcolor333wordwrapbreakwordbordertopsolidborderleftsolidbordersize1pxbordercolorCCC aligncenter cellpadding0 cellspacing0gt  lttrgt     lttd width75gtTracklttdgt     lttd width300gtSonglttdgt     lttd width300gtAlbum Artistlttdgt     lttd width300gtAlbumlttdgt     lttd width100gtGenrelttdgt     lttd width75gtRatinglttdgt     lttdgtCommentslttdgt   lttrgt lttablegt codepre  pstrongTable 2strongp  precodelt boxtracklisting gt lttable stylezindex1positionrelativetop216pxmargintop0pxmarginleftautomarginrightautowidth100minwidth1200pxtextaligncenterverticalalignmiddlefont12px Arial, Helvetica, sansserifcolor333wordwrapbreakwordborderleftsolidbordersize1pxbordercolorCCC aligncenter cellpadding0 cellspacing0gt   lttrgt     lttd width75gt1 of 11lttdgt     lttd width300gtlta hrefhttpsw.soundcloud.complayerurlhttps3Aapi.soundcloud.comtracks67810795ampampcolorff5500ampampautoplaytrueampamphiderelatedtrueampampshowcommentsfalseampampshowuserfalseampampshowrepostsfalse targetplayergtBelieverltagtlttdgt     lttd width300gtAmerican Authorslttdgt     lttd width300gtOh, What A Lifelttdgt     lttd width100gtIndielttdgt     lttd width75gtGoodlttdgt     lttdgtlttdgt   lttrgt codepre  pThe problem Im having is that if the browser width decreases the top table shrinks too much, and no longer aligns with the bottom table. How can I prevent thisp  pstrongHow It Looks Normallystrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.compqG37.png altproperp  pstrongHow It Looks When Browser Window Width Is Reducedstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comvloic.png altimproperp  pIm using Mozilla Firefox, but I would prefer an answer that is compatible with the 5 major browsers Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Opera, and Safari. The page is optomized for viewing at a width of greater than 1200px. If you view it with a browser window of less than that there will be a horizontal scrollbar.p
Negative 3262 pIm testing asyncawait, and with the following code, it always execute the finally section just after the await and before it ends its execution.p  pAnd once inside the finally, when attempt to execute the Monitor.ExitlockerObject it throws a SynchronizationLockException.p  pI know this code is not a best practice for asyncawait, but is just for testing and understanding its behaviour.p  precodeprivate async void button1Clickobject sender, EventArgs e      new Threadnew ThreadStarttest.Start   private async void test      var v  await camIp.SendMessageAsyncnew ComMessageCameraIPConst.CMDMOVEUP     Console.WriteLineEND      public async TaskltIViewAppMessagegt SendMessageAsyncComMessage message              IViewAppMessage response  null          if String.IsNullOrEmptymessage.Command                      if Monitor.TryEnterlockerObject, 500                              try                                      if blocked                                              blocked  true                         switch message.Command                                                      case CameraIPConst.CMDMOVEUP                                                                 response  await camera.sendCommandAsyncnew byte[]  0x02, 0x00, 0x00, 0x01, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x01                                   break                                                                              blocked  false                                          Console.WriteLineFuera                                   catch  throw                  finally                      try                                              Monitor.ExitlockerObject                                          catch  throw                                                             return response      codepre  pAny idea why this behaviourp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pLooking at using the twilio api to receive text messages a hrefhttpswww.twilio.comdocsquickstartcsharpsmshellomonkey relnofollowhttpswww.twilio.comdocsquickstartcsharpsmshellomonkeyap  pits says create a page and add the following codep  precode     Response.ContentType  textxml  ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltResponsegt     ltMessagegtHello, Mobile MonkeyltMessagegt ltResponsegt codepre  pSo I created this page smshellomonkey.aspx updated the pointer and no response, what am I missingp
Negative 3262 pI have a bar graph using aChartEngine library for android. Everything is fine except that the grid lines are visible inside the bar item. I want the grid lines but dont want it inside the blue bar items as seen in the image below p  pThere doesnt seem to be any functionality in aChartEngine for that. What exactly is the problem I have also set opacity and alphas. But they arent working either.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLzTU2.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pHow can I customize the items in the context Menu New Screenshot p  pI want to have there an option for New Class, New Package, ...p  pIs this realizablep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comSky9e.png altContext Menup
Negative 3262 pI have scenario where user can click on a link in a dialog box. While clicking on this link the link should be opened in a new window.p  pHere the links will be local files like Edocstest.pdf that user uploaded.p  pHere is my code  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netinDiscoverCuy8z relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netinDiscoverCuy8zap  h1Code I used to open a file.h1  precodedocument.onclick, linkid, function event  alertclicked event.preventDefault window.openEDOCUMENTStest.txt  codepre  pIs this possible to do in any way. If possible please guide me to write a code for this. Or browser is blocking this as a security feature.p
Negative 3262 pi have used a button in my jsp file download in excel. I have imported the data from oracle database to excel file and when i click the download button ,it generates the excel but i want it to be downloaded from clientside.p  precodejsp code.. ltbodygt ltform methodget actionViewEmployeegt ltinput typesubmit nameviewall valueView All Employeesgt ltformgt ltbrgt ltform methodget actionViewEmployeegt ltinput typesubmit namecreatexls valueView in Excel format onClickwindow.location.hrefpathtoexcelEmployeeData.xlsgt ltformgt ltbodygt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have the following jQuery animate functionp  precodemyDiv.animate left 0 ,  duration 1000, easing easeInOutExpo ,      function           alerthi       codepre  pThe animation itself works. codemyDivcode slides with the codeeaseInOutExpocode effect, as desired. However, the callback function is never fired. To test it, I changed the callback to just codealerthicode, as you can see above. Still doesnt work.p  pWhat could I be doing wrongp
Negative 3262 pWhat is a best way to make a class that cant be initialized, but whose base classes can.p  pFor examplep  precodeclass A     def initself         printa  class BA     pass  gtgtgt B a gtgtgt A  Raises an error. codepre  pThe only way I can think of doing it right now is adding a test at the beginning of codeA.initcode checking codeif self.class.name  Acode, and raising an error if true but this isnt very flexible a solution. Is there any way of accomplishing thisp
Negative 3262 pI never did cron job so I want to know few things before getting into it.brSite where it needs to be done is not high traffic site but it works in a way that user does search and if search doesnt have hits then search parameters can be saved and every 30min that saved search is executing with cron job. If search finds hit then sms and email are sent to user.brThis means that one user can have more searches saved so cron job will execute a lot of searches.br Is it OK to do that this way And if yes, is there some max number of table rows and queries that can be executed with cron job without server overloadp
Negative 3262 pI would like to get the percentage of memory used by a single process using codeprocpidcode pseudofilesystem. With codeprocpidstatus  grep Vmcode I get some useful informationp  precodeVmPeak Peak virtual memory size. VmSize Virtual memory size. VmLck Locked memory size. VmHWM Peak resident set size. VmRSS Resident set size. VmData Size of date. VmStk stack. VmExe text segments. codepre  pBased on this information, how can I get the percentage of memory used by a single processp
Negative 3262 pI have two files that each has JS, and I have one file that opens a new window and passes that new windowp  precodenewWindow.arrayArr  foo codepre  pThe other file then tries to access viap  precodearrayArr.eachdo something codepre  pThis works great in everything but IE surprise I know that in IE it is not finding the var and says it is undefined. Is there any way for IE to find the variable without changing the structure of the filesp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to plot counts in gridded plots but I am not being able to figure out how I go about it. I want to p  p1 have dotted grids at an interval of 5p  p2 have major tick labels only every 20p  p3 I want the ticks to be outside the plotp  p4 have counts inside those gridsp  pI have checked for potential duplicates such as a hrefhttpsstackoverflow.comquestions12608788changingthetickfrequencyonxoryaxisinmatplotlibherea and a hrefhttpsstackoverflow.comquestions10453770matplotlibdefinesizeofagridonaplotherea but I have not been able to figure out.p  pThis is my code.p  precodeimport matplotlib.pyplot as plt from matplotlib.ticker import MultipleLocator, FormatStrFormatter  for key, value in sorteddata.items     x  value[0][2]     y  value[0][3]     count  value[0][4]      fig  plt.figure     ax  fig.addsubplot111      ax.annotatecount, xy  x, y, size  5      Overwrites and I only get the last data point      plt.close      Without this, I get fail to allocate bitmap error  plt.suptitleNumber of counts, fontsize  12 ax.setxlabelx ax.setylabely plt.axes.setaspectequal  plt.axis[0, 1000, 0, 1000]  This gives an interval of 200  majorLocator    MultipleLocator20 majorFormatter  FormatStrFormatterd minorLocator    MultipleLocator5  I want minor grid to be 5 and major grid to be 20 plt.grid  filename  CUsersOwlDesktopPlot.png plt.savefigfilename, dpi  150 plt.close codepre  pThis is what I get.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXKLi0.png altThis is what I get.p  pI also have problem of overwriting the data points, which I am also having trouble with... Could anybody PLEASE help me with this problemp
Negative 3262 pI want to make a pretty interface. So after reflexion, I decide to make a pattern with to axes but with some essential points. The red screen is the primary screen, all start by this one.  We can only make this two move  red to another color and another color to red. And change are made with GestureRecognizer.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comkfYyb.png altp  pI also want to switch view by seeing the two at the same time. Obviously, its following my finger and I can stay in this state.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVitBw.png alt p  pDo you think that 5 viewController witch are all load at the start and we came to these with pretty segue maybe custom is possible  And if yes, do you have an idea of how to make this p
Negative 3262 pHow can I apply the default css and jquery files I have referenced in my view to the HTML that is generated in my jquery datatables fnRender propertyp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt document.readyfunction       userssearchresults.dataTable         bServerSide true,         sAjaxSource UsersAjaxHandler,         bProcessing true,         aoColumns [                          sName NAME ,                          sName REQUESTSREMAINING ,                          sName LASTREQUEST ,                          sName EMAIL ,                                                      sName UserId,                             bSearchable false,                             bSortable false,                             fnRender function oObj                                  ltscript srcjstheme.jsgtltscriptgt                                  oObj.aData[0] returns the userId                                 return ltbutton classbtn glowgtDrop downltbuttongt                          ltbutton classbtn glow dropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngt                              ltspan classcaretgtltspangt                          ltbuttongt                          ltul classdropdownmenugt                              ltligtlta hrefgtOption oneltagtltligt                              ltligtlta hrefgtOption twoltagtltligt                              ltligtlta hrefgtOption threeltagtltligt                              ltligtlta hrefgtOption fourltagtltligt                          ltulgt                      ltdivgt                                                                 ]       codepre  pp  pWhen the html loads it has no styling or functionality. Ive tried including the script and css declarations in the actual HTML code for property fnRender but that did not work.p
Negative 3262 precode   [self.view.constraints enumerateObjectsUsingBlockNSLayoutConstraint constraint, NSUInteger idx, BOOL stop          if constraint.firstItem  view ampamp constraint.firstAttribute  NSLayoutAttributeTop              constraint.constant  200              ] codepre  pIn ObjectiveC, I would be able to enumerate a views constraints and adjust the constraints accordingly, but in Swift Im having difficulty figuring out to do the equivalent.p  phere is my attempt at applying the code in swiftp  precode   for index, value in enumerateview.constraints          var constraint  value as NSLayoutConstraint         if value.firstItem  view               constraint.constant  200                codepre  pI get a compiler error stating Type [AnyObject does not conform to protocol Sequence on the first line of this code.p  pAny help would be appreciatedp
Negative 3262 pI basically have strongtwostrong installs of gstreamer on my Mac OS X machine The one that works perfectly was installed following this tutorial a hrefhttpdocs.gstreamer.comdisplayGstSDKInstallingonMacOSX relnofollowhttpdocs.gstreamer.comdisplayGstSDKInstallingonMacOSXa and downloading and installing the Developer SDK and using XCode.  All tutorials work well.p  pI emalsoem have a local version installed with Homebrew but video playback does not work on that version see SO a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions24663520gstreamergstlaunchsamplemacosxplaysaudiobutnotvideogstreamer gstlaunch sample mac osx plays audio but not videoap  pSO, Im trying to install the strongFFMPEG pluginstrong into the emworkingem xcode dev system so that I can use FFDECH263 in a project.p  pI tried simply copying the related .SO files e.g. libgstffmpg.so from the homebrew cellar location to thep  precode LibraryFrameworksGStreamer.FrameworkVersions0.10libgstreamer0.10  codepre  pdirectory and changing permissions.   However, that gives me a emCaught a segmentation fault while loading plugin fileem error when building any code.p  pI also noticed that in the Xcode directory mentioned above, all of the plugins have a related .a and .la files in the static subdirectory...  Those same files dont exist in the homebrew version.p  pSo, what is the proper way to install a plugin when youve started with the developer SDK for Mac OSXp
Negative 3262 pIn angular JS. I am trying to make a controller on a body tag that have global user information like user name that should be displayed in different views.p  pHer i call the controller over body tag before ngview.     p  precode    ltdiv classmaincontainer gt     ltalert Messagegt         ltdiv flashalert  classcol4 alert  fnone pt10gt             ltdiv gt                 ltspan href classclosebtn ngclickhidegtlti classfa fatimesgtltigtltspangt                 ltstrong classalertheadinggtflash.type  uppercaseltstronggt                 ltspan classalertmessagegtflash.messageltspangt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt          ltsection classtopheader darkblue col10 p40gt             ltdiv classlogo col1 fnonegt                 Corpmeter             ltdivgt             ltul class pullright toplinksgt                 ltli classalertbtngtlta hrefgtReportltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtContact usltagtltligt             ltulgt         ltsectiongt        ltdivgt lt Main Container gt     ltngviewgtltngviewgt   ltbodygt lt End Body gt codepre  pHer is the controller that suppose to get user data from a factory called Session.p  precodefunction angular.moduleAccApp.controllerUserController, [ scope, Session, functionscope, Session      alertHi ]   codepre  pThat factory Session has object user which contines information about user get instantiated by another factory when the user is successfully loges in  before that the object is null. The problem is UserController runs before log in happen it runs automatically so the session is null any ideas how can i make that controller waits for the factory to gets instantiated. OR where should i save user information that navigate with every page. I do not want to store them on the global root scoop.p
Negative 3262 pa hrefhttpjhollingworth.github.iobootstrapwysihtml5 relnofollowhttpjhollingworth.github.iobootstrapwysihtml5a What can we change in javascript file of this his plugin so that it only works for input tag of the program not in other parts like tag,popover,links,potos.p
Negative 3262 pI has compiled and linked OpenCV project with Visual C Express under Windows. With GCC under Ubuntu is compiled but is link errorp  precodefinder.cpp219undefined reference to cvimreadcvString constamp, int codepre  pI have added librariesp  precodelopencvcalib3d lopencvcore lopencvfeatures2d lopencvflann lopencvhighgui lopencvimgproc lopencvml lopencvnonfree lopencvobjdetect lopencvphoto lopencvstitching lopencvsuperres lopencvts lopencvvideo lopencvvideostab codepre  pand for example cvline proceure is OK, but only one error so far imreadp
Negative 3262 pWhere exactly CLR source file can in find the actual implementation of the codeSomeDelegate.Invokecode methodp  pHow does the .Net runtime knows that calling codeSomeDelegate.Invokecode should result in calling that implementation Keep in mind that the codeSomeDelegate.Invokecode method can have any number of arguments.p
Negative 3262 pl made a C program and l want to compile it using shell forge but I had several errors, how can I solve them p  pErrorsp  pre [ERROR] compiler reported error 1 while compiling tmpsfvLvXlYsonu.c [ERROR] In file included from 1 ..sfliblinuxamd64sflib.h93 warning struct rusage declared inside parameter list ..sfliblinuxamd64sflib.h93 warning its scope is only this definition or declaration, which is probably not what you want ..sfliblinuxamd64sflib.h97 warning struct sembuf declared inside parameter list In file included from usrincludestdio.h34,                  from tmpsfvLvXlYsonu.c3 usrlibgccx8664redhatlinux3.4.6includestddef.h213 error conflicting types for sizet ..sfliblinuxamd64..commonsftypes.h25 error previous declaration of sizet was here pre
Negative 3262 pI have been following this tutorial on how to keep the footer at the bottom of the page, even when there isnt much content a hrefhttpwww.cssreset.comhowtokeepfooteratbottomofpagewithcss relnofollowhttpwww.cssreset.comhowtokeepfooteratbottomofpagewithcssap  pAs far as I can tell, I have put in all of the necessary properties specified by the tutorial, but the footer still wont stick to the bottom of the page.p  pWhen I looked at the page using firebug, I could see that the HTML and body had a height of 100, but despite using minheight 100 for wrapper, it still does not fill 100 of the window.p  pHere are the important sections of the CSS, but if you want to see the full source code, it is live here a hrefhttpewanroycroft.co.ukbc relnofollowhttpewanroycroft.co.ukbcap  precodehtml      padding 0     margin 0     height 100  body      width 100     height auto     minheight 100     padding 0     margin 0     fontfamily Trebuchet MS, Helvetica, sansserif     backgroundcolor E9E9E9  wrapper      width 100     height 100     position relative  headerWrap      width 100     height 120px     minwidth 600px     paddingbottom 1px     background urlimagesbgheader.png repeatx scroll left bottom FFFFFF  content      webkitboxsizing borderbox  SafariChrome, other WebKit      mozboxsizing borderbox     Firefox, other Gecko      boxsizing borderbox          OperaIE 8      minwidth 600px     maxwidth 900px     margin 0 auto 0 auto     padding 0px 25px 80px 25px  footerWrap      clear both     width 100     height 80px     minwidth 600px     backgroundcolor 231F20     boxshadow 0px 0px 10px 0px 231F20     position absolute     bottom 0  codepre  pThanks in advance for your helpp
Negative 3262 pI have a python source tree which is organised as followsp  precodegtfolder    gt utils         gt image.py         gt helper.py         gt init.py     gt core         gt vf.py         gt init.py codepre  pNow in vf.py, I have the following line to import utilsp  precodeimport utils codepre  pand subsequently I do something likep  precodeimg  utils.Image codepre  pNow, if I leave the codeinit.pycode file empty in the utils directory, this does not work and I get an errorp  precodeAttributeError module object has no attribute Image codepre  pHowever, if I add the following line in codeinit.pycode in the utils directory, it worksp  precodefrom image import  from helper import  codepre  pSo, I am guessing that when the top level script is called it parses this codeinit.pycode file and imports all the methods and classes from this utils package. However, I have a feeling this is not such a good idea because I am doing a  import and this might pollute the namespace.p  pSo, I was wondering if someone can shed some light on the appropriate way to do this i.e. if I have parallel directories, what is a good way to import the classes from one python package to another if indeed this codeinit.pycode approach is not clean as I suspect.p
Negative 3262 pI have 4 textboxes [nametxtone, nametxttwo, nametxtthree, nametxtfour]. Also I have  a search button. In the button click event, I want to do the search in a table the input for the search are those text boxes which I given above. I am using Entity Framework and lambda expression to load the datagrid .p  pThe code I am using ..p  precode     var result  Entities.pos.ToList            .OrderByx gt x.ID                       .SkipinitialRow                        .TakefinalRow  initialRow                   this.datagrid1.ItemsSource  result codepre  pHow can I use the where condition in this And also one more thing, in that search no fields are mandatory. database table fields are [ID,NAME,AGE,DOB]p  pThanks.p
Negative 3262 pThe below register.jsp is my user registration page and want to store user details to db using hibernate but when register.jsp file runs its keep showing an exception. and I have mapped the form action in controller.p  pregister.jsp file is                 In this file user details and I given action reg which is mapped in EmployeeController.p  pRegister.jspp  precodeltformform methodPOST actionreg.htmlgt     lttable border0gt         lttrgt             lttd colspan2 aligncentergtlth2gtSpring MVC Form Demo  Registrationlth2gtlttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtUser Namelttdgt             lttdgtltforminput pathusername gtlttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtPasswordlttdgt             lttdgtltformpassword pathpassword gtlttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtEmaillttdgt             lttdgtltforminput pathemail gtlttdgt         lttrgt          lttrgt             lttd colspan2 aligncentergtltinput typesubmit valueRegister gtlttdgt         lttrgt     lttablegt ltformformgt codepre  pEmployeeController.javap  precodeController public class EmployeeController   Autowired     private UserService userService         RequestMappingvalue  reg, method  RequestMethod.POST     public ModelAndView saveUserModelAttributecommand UserBean userBean,              BindingResult result          User user  prepareModelUseruserBean         userService.addUseruser         return new ModelAndViewRegistrationSuccess.html       codepre  pFrom register.jsp I am trying to call saveUser method which is in EmployeeController.java but whenever I am running register.jsp I am getting an exceptionp  precodeorg.springframework.web.util.NestedServletException Request processing failed nested exception is java.lang.IllegalStateException Neither BindingResult nor plain target object for bean name command available as request attribute java.lang.IllegalStateException Neither BindingResult nor plain target object for bean name command available as request attribute. codepre  pI tried with commandName and action in the form and in the controller I have mapped based on that. even though, it gives same exception like above. so how I want to configure the controller to submit this register.jsp form. is I required to add configure the controller explicit or what.. And in EmployeeController.java I have an another form controller with same default command form submit. that works fine. but here in this I have the possibilities what I searched. but does not works.p
Negative 3262 pIm using NLua to compile lua code from C. The problem is that LuaTables created in C cant be fully disposed by Lua garbage collector.p  pHere is the sample codep  precode        public static ListltLuaTablegt TempTables  new ListltLuaTablegt      static void Mainstring[] args              using Lua lua  new Lua                      double mem  doublelua.DoStringreturn collectgarbagecount[0]             for int i  0 i lt 100000 i                              LuaTable lt  NewTablua                            mem  doublelua.DoStringreturn collectgarbagecount[0]             foreach LuaTable lt in TempTables                              lt.Dispose                          TempTables.Clear              lua.DoStringcollectgarbage             mem  doublelua.DoStringreturn collectgarbagecount[0]                   public static LuaTable NewTabLua l                          LuaTable lt  LuaTablel.DoStringreturn [0]         TempTables.Addlt         return lt      codepre  pThis code simply creates 100 000 tables, then disposes it in C and calls garbage collection in lua. Memory used can be inspected in variable mem. The result is that mem will increase from 22.04Kb to approx. 1000Kb. It means that disposing this way will lead to memory leakages.p  pHowever, if we dispose LuaTable immedeatelyp  precode            for int i  0 i lt 100000 i                              LuaTable lt  NewTablua                 lt.Dispose              codepre  pIt works well. The mem stays the same 1Kb.p  pWhy is it so How should I dispose Lua objects to make it fully accessible to lua gcp
Negative 3262 pI have a String as codeFriday, August 01, 2014code. I want to format this and show as code20140801code. p  pI have tried this. but this gave codejava.text.ParseException Unparseable date Friday, August 01, 2014codep  precodeSimpleDateFormat sdf  new SimpleDateFormatE, MM d, yyyy String dateInString  Friday, August 01, 2014 Date date  sdf.parsedateInString System.out.printlndate codepre  pHow can i do this p
Negative 3262 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comB7g2S.png altenter image description here Ive been Im trying to create an exe file of my application in c express. My problem is when I run the application.exe after I build from release it shows me an error p  precodeSystem.ArgumentException An invalid connection string argument has been supplied or a required connection string argument has not been supplied. at FirebirdSql.Data.FirebirdClient.FbConnectionString.Validate at FirebirdSql.Data.FirebirdClient.FbConnection.setConnectionStringString value at FirebirdSql.Data.FirebirdClient.FbConnection..ctorString connectionString at MisService.Loginfrm.btnLoginClickObject sender, EventArgs e in dc sharp projectssamplesMisServiceMisServiceLoginfrm.csline 31 at System.Windows.Forms.Control.OnClickEventArgs e at System.Windows.Forms.Button.OnClickEventArgs e at System.Windows.Forms.Button.OnMouseUpMouseEventArgs mevent at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WmMouseUpMessageamp m, MouseButtons button, Int32 clicks at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WndProcMessageamp m at System.Windows.Forms.ButtonBase.WndProcMessageamp m at System.Windows.Forms.Button.WndProcMessageamp m at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.OnMessageMessageamp m at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.WndProcMessageamp m at System.Windows.Forms.NativeWindow.CallbackIntPtr hWnd, Int32 msg, IntPtr wparam, IntPtr lparam codepre  pI think the error only occurs when I connect to the database firebird. I am using the reference as follows.p  precodeusing FirebirdSql.Data.FirebirdClient codepre  pWhen I try to run the program using the start button of c express the code works fine. Is there something that i missed I want to make the my application in exe so that i can create an installer using 3rd party softwarep  phere is my code in app.config p  precodeltconfigurationgt ltstartupgt      ltsupportedRuntime versionv4.0 sku.NETFramework,Versionv4.5 gt ltstartupgt ltappSettingsgt   ltadd keyProviderName valueMSDASQL.1gt   ltadd keySecurityInfo valueFalsegt   ltadd keyDriver valueFirebirdInterBaser drivergt   ltadd keyUserID valuesysdbagt   ltadd keyPassword valuemasterkeygt   ltadd keyDatabase valueDdatabaseDBGENERAL.FDBgt   ltadd keyDataSource valuelocalhostgt     ltappSettingsgt   ltconfigurationgt codepre  pin my classp  precodeconProvider  ConfigurationManager.AppSettings[ProviderName]  sample on how i call app.config to string conString  Provider  conProvider                Persist Security Info  conSecurityInfo                Driver  conDriver                User ID  conUserID                Password  conPassword                Database  conDatabase                DataSource  conDataSource                CharsetNONE codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a bootstrap multiselect which contains 7 checkbox items. For 3 of them all, resolved and open I need them to act as a radio button When I select resolved then all and open must deselect. When I select all then resolved and open must deselect. When I select open then all and resolved must deselect. Is it possible to achieve that without breaking the multiselect in multiple menusp  pHere is a jsfiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netsp3L1yz3 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netsp3L1yz3ap  pI tried with onchange but the logic is incorrect as it does not know the item that was just clicked and running a each make the selectdeselect work only from top to bottom itemsp  precodeonChange functionoption, checked  var selectedOptions  menu optionselected   menu optionselected.eachfunction      if this.val.indexOfresolved gt 1        menu.multiselectdeselect, all       menu.multiselectdeselect, open       menu.multiselectselect, resolved          if this.val.indexOfopen gt 1        menu.multiselectdeselect, all       menu.multiselectdeselect, resolved       menu.multiselectselect, open          if this.val.indexOfall gt 1        menu.multiselectselect, all       menu.multiselectdeselect, resolved       menu.multiselectdeselect, open          codepre
Negative 3262 pIm modeling a schema. As Im new to Mongo DB Ive no idea on how to model a nosql db. Structuring a relational type db and using mongo on top of it does not allow me to use many to many mapping. p  pUsing Springdata does provide support for one to many using codeDBRefcode on top of the codeListltgtcode. But many to many is something I want.p  pAny help will be deeply appreciated. Kindly prefer using code to explain. Or a demo structure to illustrate. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pI have this code for multi checkboxp  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltfieldset datarolecollapsiblegt     ltlegendgtPick oneltlegendgt     ltdiv datarolecontrolgroup idZIBI alignright gt     ltdivgt ltfieldsetgt codepre  pstrongjQueryJavaScriptstrongp  precodemyArray1  new Array            1,2,3,4,5,6               ZIBI.html            for var i  0 i lt myArray1.length i                 row  myArray1[i]                ZIBI.append                    ltlabel for  row  gt  row  ltlabelgt                     ltinput typecheckbox namefavcolor id  row   value  row  gt                        ZIBI.triggercreate codepre  phow to check all or uncheck all by pressing any button p  pthanksp
Negative 3262 pI am getting this error when i open the design of a Winform.p  pstrongMessage   1244    The designer cannot process the code at line 108  this.cancelButton.DialogResult  DialogResult.Cancel The code within the method InitializeComponent is generated by the designer and should not be manually modified.  Please remove any changes and try opening the designer again.strongp  pBut when either i remove this piece of code from the designer.cs or change it to p  pthis.cancelButton.DialogResult  System.windows.Forms.DialogResult.Cancelp  pit works. My problem is i have this problem at almost all the winforms over a solution at many places. How can i resolve this issue to all places Any way p
Negative 3262 pPretty new to Cocos2dx and C from an ObjectiveC background.  Im making a game where you can have between 110 enemies on the screen at a time.  Each enemy has 1 sprite for its body and 2 stats health amp damage.p  pIn the past with ObjectiveC Ive been able to define a Class.hClass.mm file and fill it with as many variables as I want health, speed, height, weight, color, etc, but Im having trouble figuring out how to do this in Cocos2dx.p  pHere is a simplified project that isolates the problem Im having.  Im sure its something straight forward but Im having trouble looking up the solutionp  precodeEnemy.h include cocos2d.h USINGNSCC class Enemy  public cocos2dLayer public     virtual bool init     CREATEFUNCEnemy     void setHealthint val  private     int myHealth     Sprite body     Sprite weapon    Enemy.cpp include Enemy.h USINGNSCC  bool Enemyinit      if  Layerinit          return false     return true   void setHealthint newHealth      myHealth  newHealth   HelloWorldScene.h include cocos2d.h USINGNSCC class HelloWorld  public cocos2dLayer  public     static cocos2dScene createScene     virtual bool init       CREATEFUNCHelloWorld    HelloWorldScene.cpp include HelloWorldScene.h include ltiomanipgt include Enemy.h USINGNSCC  Scene HelloWorldcreateScene      auto scene  Scenecreate     auto layer  HelloWorldcreate     scenegtaddChildlayer     return scene    on init you need to initialize your instance bool HelloWorldinit      if  Layerinit          return false     Enemy newEnemy  Enemycreate     newEnemygtsetHealth100     thisgtaddChildnewEnemy     return true   codepre  pThis compiles fine except for the 2 commented lines, which cause errors.p  pPlease help, thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI have tried pretty much every open source audio players out there  Flowplayer, jwplayer, jPlayer and everything in between.   Every time I come up with a decent solution for one browser all of sudden something else is broken for the same browser on another device. A simple update to a browser will break my player as an example. Different file format such as ogg, mp3, mp4 react differently in different devices.  The only thing i have not tried is a streaming solution.p  pThis is very frustrating to go through a ton of hacks only to get disappointed in the end.  I am just wondering if there is a PAID audiovideo player solution out there that i can just purchase that will be able to protect my files and provide a decent user experience for 90 of all devices permutation out there.p  pHere are my player requirementsp  ol lipAudio Player uses HTML5 flash fall back for mobile devices.pli lipAudio player uses some kind of protection for my mp3s to prevent direct linking.pli ol  pLAMP Platform...p  pAny pointer will be appreciated.p
Negative 3262 pIve created a UIButton that when pressed, takes my users to the home screen acting as a Back button. Because I wanted to achieve this without the usual clunky navigation bar, Ive used the below code. However when the button is pressed, the transition goes from right to left how can I make the below segue transition from left to right in a back motionp  pstrongFullArticleViewController.mstrong p  precodeIBActiongoBackidsender       UIStoryboard storyboard  [UIStoryboard storyboardWithNameMainiPhone bundlenil]     FullArticleViewController yourViewController  FullArticleViewController [storyboard instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifierArticlesViewController]     [self.navigationController pushViewControlleryourViewController animatedYES]  codepre
Negative 3262 pI got a requirement that I need a default value for a codePathParametercode.p  pAnd this is how my code looks likep  precode    GET     Pathfamilymember     public Response responseMsg DefaultValueFather PathParammember  String pathParameter  codepre  pThe compiler will not show any error, and also the application of course will not act the way like what Ive expected.p  pbecause the uri familycodenullcode will not match the Path codefamilymembercode but codefamilycode p  pMay I know if there is any way to assign a default value for a codePathParamcode and how and also I want to know if  codeDefaultValuecode only compatible with  codeQueryParametercodep
Negative 3262 pI have a Windows Phone 8 XAMLC app and a Windows 8HTMLJS app.p  pBoth apps are very different visually, but they consume the same data from a JSON API service. What would be the best approach in time, effort and money to engage the development of these appsp  pExamplep  ul liCan i write only once the JSON APIConnectionSerializationDataModelsetc Code and reuse it in both apps Maybe doing a portable class libraryli liShould i use XAML for both apps Javascript for both apps to unify code languagesli liShould i have only one solution containing a WP8 project, and a W8 projectli liWhats with Windows RT Will my Windwos 8 app run in WindowsRTli ul
Negative 3262 ptoday i installed the WSO2 EMM Server as alternative to our existing mdm software. My company is building her own Android Smartphones an TabletPCs with Stock Android 4.x.x. I installed the Android EMMAgent and got the information that my device is rooted. p  blockquote   pYou are not allowed to enroll because your device is rootedp blockquote  pBut there is no root on the phone.p  pSo how can i say the agent that the device is not rooted Or should i talk to the developersp
Negative 3262 pI have a number of kernel threads that I want to get off of a given core for performance reasons. Some of these I am able to move using taskset however there are others I cannot. p  pIn particular I see processes like migration, watchdog, rcuc, etc. that do not respond to my attempt to rebind them. p  pFor example, if I try to rebind the watchdog process, I get the followingp  precode taskset pc 0 207 pid 207s current affinity list 0 schedsetaffinity Invalid argument failed to set pid 207s affinity. codepre  pHow can I get these off of the cores so I can properly isolate them for performance reasons p  pI suspect these processes are interfering with my full dynticks mode. p
Negative 3262 pThe Bootstrap 3 navbar provides a header area and a collapsible area. The header area houses a branding link that is permanent and the collapsible area houses everything else that collapses under a hamburger icon when the window is shrunk. I am trying to add a select box and a button to the header area with the intent that they sould be displayed permanently and not collapse when the window is shrunk. This is what I have tried so far full code available in a a hrefhttpcodepen.ionareshbhatiapennegbH relnofollowcodepen hereap  precodeltdiv classnavbarheadergt     lt Hamburger button gt     ltbutton typebutton classnavbartoggle ...gt         ...     ltbuttongt      lta classnavbarbrand hrefgtBrandltagt      lt Permanent select box gt     ltselect classnavbartext navbarleftgt         ltoptiongtOption 1ltoptiongt         ltoptiongtOption 2ltoptiongt     ltselectgt      lt Permanent button gt     ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault btnsm navbarbtn navbarleftgt         Action     ltbuttongt  ltdivgt codepre  pUnfortunately I am seeing two problemsp  ol liThe header wraps making the select box and the button fall below the brand link you have to resize the window from small to big to see this effect.li liAlthought the button is specified as small, it shows up as bigli ol  pAny idea how to solve these issuesp
Negative 3262 pFormp  precodeFormopenarrayaction gt HomeControllerregister  codepre  pmy HomeControllerp  precodepublic function register      user  new User      usergtpassword  HashmakeInputgetpassword     usergtemail  Inputgetemail     usergthouse  Inputgethouse     usergtphone  Inputgetphone     usergtname  Inputgetname     usergtlastname  Inputgetlastname      usergt save     return Redirectto      codepre  pRoutesp  precodeRoutegetregister,HomeControllershowRegister Routegethomeregister,HomeControllerregister codepre  pthe from is showing correctly but when i click the button i got an error p  pSymfony  Component  HttpKernel  Exception  MethodNotAllowedHttpExceptionp
Negative 3262 pI just created a Profile model for attributes such as name, website, bio for my Devise users. Everything works great, except on Heroku, I have 100 users already, so its fairly tedious to 1. create a new Profile, 2. assign it to the existing user 3. save, all in the console. p  pI am not familiar with what you can do in the Heroku console and if this is even possible  but can I mass create 100 new Profiles for each existing User that does not already have a Profile. p  pRight now, any view that has Profile info ie user.profile.name is giving me an error  I would rather create a blank profile than force Users to create a new one in the interface. p  pRails 3.2.12p  puser.rbp  precodeclass User lt ActiveRecordBase aftercreate buildprofile attraccessible email, password, passwordconfirmation, rememberme, name, role, profileattributes hasone profile, dependent destroy acceptsnestedattributesfor profile codepre  pprofile.rbp  precodeclass Profile lt ActiveRecordBase attraccessible bio, name, website, userid  belongsto user codepre
Negative 3262 pneed a little help again, here is a function that return text content and read more link in wordpressp  precodefunction whisperentrycontentoffer1  global whisper   Check on singular pages issingle  issingular ampamp ispagetemplate tplblog.php  ampamp ispagetemplate tplblogboxes.php    Allow to config via global variable if  isset whisper[issingle]       issingle  whisper[issingle]  if  issingle       echo ltdiv classentrycontentgt     thecontent     wplinkpages array         before      gt ltp classpagesgt .  Pages, whisper ,         after       gt ltpgt,         linkbefore gt ltspangt,         linkafter  gt ltspangt,           echo ltdivgt     return    Archives amp Blog pages   Display type display  fitwpoption blogdisplay    Allow to config via global variable if  isset whisper[blogdisplay]       display  whisper[blogdisplay]  if  display      display  content  echo ltdiv classentrysummarygt   Excerpt if  excerpt  display       theexcerpt     return   moretext  whispermoretext2   Post content before more tag if  more  display       if  ispagetemplate tplblog.php   ispagetemplate tplblogboxes.php                global more         more  false           thecontent moretext      wplinkpages array         before      gt ltp classpagesgt .  Pages, whisper ,         after       gt ltpgt,         linkbefore gt ltspangt,         linkafter  gt ltspangt,        else      whispercontentlimitoffer1 whispercontentlength, moretext    echo ltdivgt  .entrysummary  codepre  pNow i need to limit output text to 12 word. any suggestions or soultionsp  pThanks...p
Negative 3262 pI am having problems with the Rails runner. When I try to use if, even by command line, it does nothing it doesnt show error messages, nor results from actions.p  pFor example, if I try p  pcoderails runner Credit.countcode p  phaving defined the model codeCreditcode, and the method count as codeCredit.first.updateattributeestado, En procesocode or even simpler tasks, the runner does nothingp  pIve tried saying that the environment is development, but nothing works. Does anyone has any insights Am I doing something wrongp  pEdit I am watching the database, thats the problem, there is no update. I changed the value of the column estado for the first element to something other than En proceso, however, no matter how many times I use the runner, the db doesnt show any change at all.p
Negative 3262 pHow can I select a string in python knowing the start and end pointsp  pIf the string isp  pcodeEvelin said, Hi Dude How are you and no one caredcodep  pOr something like thisp  pcodeJane said aww thats cute, we must try it John replied, Okay, but not nowcodep  pwhat I want to write is a function that selects from the  code code not by counting the index,br but something that just selects the text from character to character, p  pcodeHi Dude How are youcode and codeOkay, but not nowcodep  pso how can I do this is there a built in function p  pI know there is a builtin function in python that get the index of the given character p  pie, p  pcodefindsomethingcode returns the index of the given string in the string.p  por it need to loop through the stringp  pIm just starting with python, sorry for a little question like this.  python 2 or 3 is just okay thank you so muchp  h3Updateh3  pThank you everyone for the answers, as a just beginner I just wanna stick with the built in codesplitcode function codequotes  string.split[12]code just because its simple. thank you all. so much love p
Negative 3262 pI am using the below code and tryin to add CHild object is the listp  precodeListlt extends Parentgt list   new ArrayListltChildgt  list.addnew Child error The method addcapture1of  extends Parent in the type        Listltcapture1of  extends Parentgt is not applicable for the arguments Child  class Parent  class Child extends Parent  codepre  pI want to know why compiler throws error herep
Negative 3262 pis it possible to replace every 4 Lines the Break to a Tab in UE or NPP with a regex searchreplacep  pFile beforep  precode    12     ab     cde     ef     34     ghij     ijk     kl     5678     uv     w     xyz ... codepre  pshould be after replacep  precode12 t ab t cde t ef 34 t ghij  t ijk t kl 5678 t uv t w  t xyz codepre
Negative 3262 pI am new to regular expression , i want a regular expression which satisfies following reqs User can enter a value in which the fractional part should not be more than 3 digits ,it can be less than 3 digits and the decimal part should not more than 1 digit.The number can be without decimal part in that case the digits should not more than 3.It is also possible to just have decimal part.Please helpp
Negative 3262 pI have a C cmake project that uses Boost Test for unit testing. Now I would like to expose a series of bash scripts used for integration testing to cmake. Suppose each of this script to return 0 in case of strongPASSstrong or something  0 in case of strongFAILUREstrong. I would like each script to be executed whenever I run codecmake testcode.p  pWhats the simplest and quickest way to obtain such behaviorp
Negative 3262 pI went to use hierarchyviewer and recieved the following messagep  pThe standalone version of hieararchyviewer is deprecated. Please use Android Device Monitor toolsmonitor instead.p  pSo, I started up Android Device Monitor in Android Studio and could only find p  pDump View Hierarchy for UI Automatorp  pand it launches uiautomatorviewer in the Device Monitor...p  pDoes anyone know if this means Google is intending to replace hierarchyviewer with uiautomatorviewerp
Negative 3262 pI want the cursor to be focused on the textbox when i load the page, i tried by adding autofocus but i could find any difference in that..p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated p  precodeHtml.TextBoxForm gt m.UserName, xyz.com, new  class  formcontrol inputlg, id  username codepre  pThank you.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to get the total number of questions on stackoverflow for an exercise I am doing and am stuck at the deserialization. p  pI would be grateful if someone could please let me know what I need to do an maybe provide some example code that would help me. p  pwhen I run this up in the console I get the error  There was an error deserializing the object of type. Encountered unexpected character which is a downward pointing triangle... p  pthis is what I have so farp  precodeusing System using System.Threading.Tasks using System.Net using System.Net.Http using System.Net.Http.Headers using System.Web using System.IO using System.Runtime.Serialization using System.Runtime.Serialization.Json   namespace csStackOverflowAPI       [DataContractNamespace  httpschemas.microsoft.comsearchlocalwsrestv1]     public class Question              [DataMemberName  questionid]         public int Questions  get set             [DataContract]     public class ResourceSet              [DataMemberName  estimatedTotal]          public long EstimatedTotal  get set          [DataMemberName  resources]         public Question[] Resources  get set            [DataContract]     public class Response               [DataMemberName  statusCode]         public int StatusCode  get set          [DataMemberName  statusDescription]         public string StatusDescription  get set          [DataMemberName  authenticationResultCode]         public string AuthenticationResultCode  get set          [DataMemberName  errorDetails]         public string[] errorDetails  get set          [DataMemberName  traceId]         public string TraceId  get set          [DataMemberName  resourceSets]         public ResourceSet[] ResourceSets  get set              class Program               public string serverUrl  httpsapi.stackexchange.com         public HttpClient client  null          static void Mainstring[] args                      try                              string noOfQuestions  CreateRequestquestions                 Response noOfQuestionsReponse  MakeRequestnoOfQuestions                 ProcessResponsenoOfQuestionsReponse                          catch Exception e                              Console.WriteLinee.Message                 Console.Read                                  public static string CreateRequeststring queryString                     string UrlRequest  httpsapi.stackexchange.com2.2                                   queryString                                   ampsitestackoverflow             return UrlRequest                   public static Response MakeRequeststring requestUrl                      try                              HttpWebRequest request  WebRequest.CreaterequestUrl as HttpWebRequest                 using HttpWebResponse response  request.GetResponse as HttpWebResponse                                      if response.StatusCode  HttpStatusCode.OK                         throw new ExceptionString.Format                         Server error HTTP 0 1.,                         response.StatusCode,                         response.StatusDescription                     DataContractJsonSerializer jsonSerializer  new DataContractJsonSerializertypeofResponse                     object objResponse  jsonSerializer.ReadObjectresponse.GetResponseStream                     Response jsonResponse                      objResponse as Response                     return jsonResponse                                           catch Exception e                              Console.WriteLinee.Message                 return null                                static public void ProcessResponseResponse noOfQuestionsReponse                        this is where the error occurs             Console.WriteLinePress any key to exit             Console.ReadKey                    public static long ToUnixTimeDateTime date                      var epoch  new DateTime1970, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, DateTimeKind.Utc             return Convert.ToInt64date.ToUniversalTime  epoch.TotalSeconds                codepre
Negative 3262 pI want to create a codeGUIDcode in my VB.Net application and save it in the codeSQL Servercode database table where the column is defined as codeUNIQUEIDENTIFIERcode type. The code is as belowp  precode Using conn As New SqlConnectionconnectionString     conn.Open     Using trans As SqlTransaction  conn.BeginTransaction         Using cmd As SqlCommand  conn.CreateCommand             cmd.Transaction  trans             cmd.CommandText  INSERT INTO [MYTABLE] [GuidValue] VALUE guidValue             cmd.Parameters.AddWithValueguidValue, Guid.NewGuid             cmd.ExecuteNonQuery             trans.Commit         End Using     End Using End Using codepre  pWould the codeGUIDcode be unique in the database table since I am passing it from the VB.Net application instead of generating it in the SQL server itself using codeNEWIDcode or codeNEWSEQUENTIALIDcode functionsp  pI would prefer to generate the GUID in my VB.net application if it is going to be unique in the database. Otherwise I would generate it in SQL server and read it back to the application.p  pAny advise would be much appreciated. Thank you all in advance.p
Negative 3262 pI need to define MaxFragmentLength max packet len for TLS server written in C. Is this extension supported and how to enable it it seems disablednot supported.p  pThis is maxfragmentlength in RFC6066p
Negative 3262 pI have a property on an class that is of the .Net type codeDateTimecode.  It is attempting to save into a table in SQL Server 2008 with a type of codeDATETIMEcode.  I am receiving a Database Error when I attempt to save a new record to the table from my .Net service.p  pWhen I look at SQL Server Profiler and see the call to the Stored Procedure that saves to the table, the property is a string 20140904 230818.0500000.  When I truncate this string to just milliseconds the Stored Procedure call succeeds.  The conversion of my .Net codeDateTimecode property to this string all happens under the hood and I have no control over that.p  pI do not need the full precision that I am seeing in the string, but it is important to keep milliseconds.  I would rather not change my table column to a data type of codeDATETIME2code.  How can I remove the extra precision from the .Net codeDateTimecode propertyp
Negative 3262 pI would like to send the result of a scan to a text field on a webpage. I get everything up to the point where it is necessary to pull the CODE from the new URL and send it to the page. Following the instructions here a hrefhttpsgithub.comzxingzxingwikiScanningFromWebPages relnofollowhttpsgithub.comzxingzxingwikiScanningFromWebPagesap  pI came across two solutions that almost achieve what I want, but not quite and Ill explain why.p  pstrongemSolution 1 using a cookieemstrong a hrefhttpsgroups.google.comdmsgzxingIyld6ffAWQk2hbDlAiJNOkJ relnofollowLinkap  pBehaviorp  ol liAfter scan, opens new tab, listing the code scanned and giving user option to confirm or discard the result.li liOn confirm, ports the code back to the original page using a cookie.li ol  pWhy it doesnt work for mep  ol liId like to skip the confirmation page. If the scan is incorrect, the user will scan again.li liRequires internet connectivity to load the new page. If possible, Id like the solution to be offlinecompatible much like a proper USB barcode reader.li ol  pstrongemSolution 2 using a hashchangeemstrong a hrefhttpsgroups.google.comdmsgzxingdQ4wKjut1MvOaguJIss3wJ relnofollowLinkap  pBehaviorp  ol liUses a change in the URL hash to capture the code.li ol  pWhy it doesnt work for mep  ol liAccording to my own experience and others, this solution does not work in Chrome for Android.li ol  pIs there a way to collect the scanned code, initiated by calling the Barcode Scanner app from a webpage, and populate it to a form on that page, ideally without additional windows popping up or requiring internet connectionp  pPlease note Im a novice. PHP is completely over my head, I dont know how to build a database, and I only know the basics of AJAX. So, a thorough explanation would be so very much appreciated.p  pThanks for your help,p  pAndrewp
Negative 3262 pIm running Processing 2.2.1 along with SimpleOpenNI 1.96 based on instructions at a hrefhttpshiffman.netp5kinect relnofollowhttpshiffman.netp5kinecta. I modified the DepthImage example sketch and added file writing code below. p  pIm trying to output the depth data from Kinect to .txt files in a folder of my choice. In the Processing IDE, the sketch runs fine the depth is outputed to the files correctly. p  pHowever I would like this functionality in an .exe file so that another program can run this .exe and read from those files, at run time. Export functionality in Processing IDE runs without errors and I get both win32 and win64 application folder. But if I execute .exe present in either one of them, nothing happens I cannot see any errors anywhere. Even if I select Present Mode while exporting, only a gray screen appears but I cannot see any files being written to the path I supply. Toggle various selections PresentModeExport java on the Export options windows hasnt helped.p  pFollowing is my sketch that works correctly in the IDEp  precodeimport SimpleOpenNI. SimpleOpenNI  context  int[] dmap int dsize float[] dmapf PrintWriter output int fitr String path  void setup     size6402, 480    fitr1    context  new SimpleOpenNIthis    if context.isInit  false             printlnCant init SimpleOpenNI, maybe the camera is not connected          exit         return          mirror is by default enabled   context.setMirrorfalse     enable depthMap generation    context.enableDepth     enable ir generation   context.enableRGB    path  savePathESYMMBOTDepthReading     void draw     update the cam   context.update   dmap  context.depthMap   dmapf  dmap.array    output  createWriterpathdepthfitr.txt   fitr   int itr  0   forint i0 ilt480 i     forint j0jlt640j       output.printdmap[itr]        itr          output.println      output.flush   output.close   dsize  context.depthMapSize   background200, 0, 0 ltgt     draw depthImageMap   imagecontext.depthImage, 0, 0     draw irImageMap   imagecontext.rgbImage, context.depthWidth  10, 0  codepre  pI tried using savePath function because someone tried it on another forum but that was not for a kinect application. But no change  it only works if I run it from the Processing IDE, not using the .exe. Any suggestions would be appreciated.p
Negative 3262 pWhat is the return type when the SQL codeconvertcode function receives a codenullcode expressionp  precodeconvertdecimal8,3, NULL codepre  pThe codenullcode would come from a field.p
Negative 3262 pIam trying to compare the source code with the sliced code, but framac normalizes the code at parsing time which makes the sliced code statements not identical to the source code statements.p  pIs it possible to Preprocesses the code using framac so that when I slice it using a criteria the resulting sliced statements can be compared to the preprocessed statementsp  pthanks.p
Negative 3262 pAnyway, Im working on some Powershell scripts for work, and Im stuck on something I thought would be fairly simple. Basically, there are some tasks that I need to perform on our Exchange server that would be great to script. I spent time writing a script that would connect me to our server on the same domain, and run invokecommand for a few test commands. Once I get the test commands running, I can actually start writing the meat of the script.p  pFor now however, Im stuck just getting getmailbox to return any information, which is really just me trying to test that things are working. See the three lines of test code herep    pre classlangpowershell prettyprintoverridecodemainSession  NewPSSession ComputerName TheServerName  invokecommand session mainSession ScriptBlock addpssnapin Microsoft.Exchange.Management.Powershell.Admin  invokecommand session mainSession ScriptBlock getmailbox codepre  pI get a psremotingtransportexception exception with a JobFailure error. What could this be I know the snapin and codegetmailboxcode commands work when I actually login to the server via remotedesktop and test them out. Assuming I can get codegetmailboxcode to function, I could actually perform the more complicated tasks I want to put in the script. The Exchange Server Im connecting to is pretty old 2007, so its not that Im using the wrong snapin. Am I missing some credentials Right now its not asking me for any, but I tried adding the credential flag and that didnt help either.p  pIm super new to Powershell, so any help is greatly appreciated. Here is the exact error, apologies for the crap formattingp  pre classlangpowershell prettyprintoverridecodeProcessing data for a remote command failed with the following error message The WSMan provider     host process did not return a proper response. A provider in the host process may have behaved improperly. For more information, see the aboutRemoteTroubleshooting Help topic.  CategoryInfo  OperationStopped System.Manageme...pressionSyncJobPSInvokeExpressionSyncJob [], PSRemotingTransportException  FullyQualifiedErrorId  JobFailure codepre  pI should mention that I already tried increasing the shell MB size via codesetitem wsmanlocalhostshellMaxMemoryPerShellMB 1024 forcecode.  My best guess is this has something to do with the codecredentialcode flag but so far I havent had any success with it.p
Negative 3262 pHow to retrieve data in delta only new data compared to last retieval using REST API  from HP QC Can we configure it to push data to an endpoint whenever there is a cahngep
Negative 3262 pIm having big problems with this fatal error. I have 5 files and every of them contains one class Nationality.php, Team.php, BoughtTickets.php, Users.php, Tickets.php and two of them require other classes.p  pSo here is index.phpp  precodeltphp  require header.html require pagesfirst.html require classdb.php  cDBconnect  require pagesfooter.html gt codepre  hr  pUsers.phpp  precoderequire Nationality.php require Team.php require BoughtTickets.php  class Users     public Email     public Name     ... codepre  hr  pBoughtTickets.phpp  precoderequire Tickets.php  class BoughtTicket      public IDTicket     public Date     ... codepre  pEveytime I want to login, it gives me fatal error. If I remove line require BoughtTickets.php from class Users, it works, but it wont display table in one file which requires class BoughtTickets.php. Do you have any idea what to do to solve the problemp  pThank youp
Negative 3262 pPycharm 3.4 fresh install will not run on Yosemite with Apple JDK 1.6p  precodeCrashed Thread        32  Java AWTEventQueue0  Dyld Error Message   Symbol not found CGContextSetAllowsAcceleration   Referenced from LibraryJavaJavaVirtualMachines1.6.065b14462.jdkContentsLibrarieslibawt.jnilib   Expected in SystemLibraryFrameworksApplicationServices.frameworkVersionsAApplicationServices codepre  pThere are advices to switch to Oracle JDK 1.7 but since apple 1.6 is recommended I would rather stick with that version. p
Negative 3262 pNormally, I need to enable the autofillmode, so I have it turned on in .emacs.  But when editting PHP in phpmode, Id like to not use autofillmode.  Is there way to set it in .emacs such that when Im in PHP mode, the autofillparagraph mode is automatically turned off and when I leave phpmode, its automatically turned on, barring other overridingp  pUpdate a closer examination of the code.emacscode revealed that autofill is set up byp  precodecustomsetvariables   customsetvariables was added by Custom.   If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.   Your init file should contain only one such instance.   If there is more than one, they wont work right.  columnnumbermode t   ...   textmodehook quote turnonautofill textmodehookidentify   ... codepre
Negative 3262 pSo I need to input number into an array and find and display the largest of the numbers, I am not sure if the loop I have there would be the best way to go about this. Also I am not positive on how to set it up, I have most of the code done to the best of my ability any input would be greatly appreciated   p  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltiomanipgt include ltcstdlibgt using namespace std    int main   initialize the CONSTANTS const int SENTINEL  1   initialize the variables int num1  0 int i int sum  0 int n int a[10] int largest float avg  BEGIN   Title largest of three revised cout ltlt setw25 ltlt Largest Of Three Revised Program ltlt n    prompt user for how many numbers they want to input for size of array with 1 to QUIT cout ltlt setw25 ltlt  ltlt endl cout ltlt setw25 ltlt Enter how many elements you want  ltlt SENTINEL ltlt  to quit  ltlt endl cout ltlt setw25 ltlt  ltlt endl while num1  SENTINEL      user inputs a number for array size    cin gtgt setw45 gtgt n         if number is larger then 10 array is automatically set to 10       if ngt10          n10         prompts users for numbers to fill the array       cout ltlt setw45 ltlt Enter the ltlt n ltlt array elementsn         clear screen       systemcls            puts user input numbers into the array while incrementing the count          for i0iltni          cin gtgt setw45 gtgt a[i]            finds the largest number          largest  a[0]             fori1iltni                                    if a[i]gt largest                             largest  a[i]            adds all the numbers together to find the sum          for i0iltni                           sumsuma[i]                       calculates the average of the sum         avgsumn           display largest number         cout ltlt setw45 ltlt Largest number is  ltlt largest ltlt n ltlt endl           displays the sum         cout ltlt setw45 ltlt nsum of array elements nltlt sum           displays the average         cout ltlt setw45 ltlt naverage of array elements nltlt avg ltltn      cout ltlt0123456789 0123456789 0123456789 0123456789 0123456789 0123456789 0123456789 0123456789n  return 0    codepre
Negative 3262 pI am trying to write a script in python which takes input from a file, which is a list of usernames, and run codeVRFYcode command for smtp server. Below is the script. p  pI am a almost new to python. I was able to create the below script with help from internet. In this script in have to run the script with a particular username. p  pHow can I provide a file which includes a list of usernames and the script performs codeVRFYcode for each of the user in the filep  precodeusrbinpython  import socket import sys if lensys.argv  2         print usage vrfy.py ltusernamegt         sys.exit0  create socket ssocket.socketsocket.AFINET, socket.SOCKSTREAM connect to the server  connects.connect10.10.10.10,25 REceive the banner banners.recv1024 print banner VRFY a user s.sendVRFY   sys.argv[1]  rn results.recv1024 print result close the socket s.close codepre  pthanks,p
Negative 3262 pI have a codetoCopycode codeHashMapcode thats of the form codeHashMapltString, SetltIntegergtgtcode. The key of codetoCopycode is a string consists of two numbers, like 01 or 10.p  pWhen I want to add a value to the entry 01, I did p  precodetoCopy.get01.add1 codepre  pIn this case, for some reason both 01 and 10 entries values were updated. Can someone help me figure out why this happenedp  pI also tried doingp  precodeSetltIntegergt a  toCopy.get01 a.add1 toCopy.put01,a codepre  pBut the outcome is the same.p  pI tried using debugger to find out whats going on, but it seems that the hashmap just updated two entries at the same time..p  pEdit here is my codep  precode    MapltString,SetltIntegergtgt toCopy  new HashMapltgt      initialize toCopy map     forint d1  0 d1ltdataCentersd1         forint d2  0 d2ltdataCentersd2             ifd1d2                 SetltIntegergt value  new HashSetltgt                  String key1  Integer.toStringd1.concatInteger.toStringd2                 String key2  Integer.toStringd2.concatInteger.toStringd1                   toCopy.putkey1,value                 toCopy.putkey2,value                                System.out.printlntoCopy      forint i  0 i lt dataCenters i         forint j  1 j lt dataCenters1 j              data from two centers             SetltIntegergt d1Data  data.geti             SetltIntegergt d2Data  data.getj              d1 gt d2              loop over data in d1, find those needed to be transferred             forInteger d1 d1Data                  String d1Tod2  Integer.toStringi.concatInteger.toStringj                 ifd2Data.containsd1                      toCopy.get01.addd1                               codepre
Negative 3262 pI debug a simple swift app ,  it can normally running in the simulator, but on a real machine running on the crash immediately .p  psystem version , ios 8  xcode version , 6.0.1p  pcrash logp  blockquote   pdyld Library not loaded rpathlibswiftCore.dylib   Referenced from   privatevarmobileContainersBundleApplication002E2F03EE10433BB95FAE3760E777DAsMdp.appsMdp   Reason no suitable image found.  Did find   privatevarmobileContainersBundleApplication002E2F03EE10433BB95FAE3760E777DAsMdp.appFrameworkslibswiftCore.dylib   mmap error 1 at address0x100104000, size0x00194000 segmentTEXT   in Segmentmap mapping   privatevarmobileContainersBundleApplication002E2F03EE10433BB95FAE3760E777DAsMdp.appFrameworkslibswiftCore.dylibp blockquote
Negative 3262 pI have a class codeQuestioncode with a nested struct codeMultipleChoiceAnswerscode. When initializing codeQuestioncode, I initialize codeMultipleChoiceAnswerscode as well, giving it a reference to the codeQuestioncode instance. I then want to assign the codeMultipleChoiceAnswerscode instance to the property codeanswerscode of the codeQuestioncode instance.p  pHeres an overviewp  precodestruct Answer    let valueDouble   let isCorrectBool   class Question    struct MultipleChoiceAnswers      let questionQuestion     let answers[Answer]       let answersMultipleChoiceAnswers    init possibleAnswersCountUInt       let answers[Answer]            here I generate some Answer instances       that get appended to the answers Array          self.answers  MultipleChoiceAnswers question self, answers answers   lt error     codepre  pHowever, this results in the errorp  blockquote   pVariable self.answers used before being initalizedp blockquote  pThis makes sense. Can I resolve this error somehow, though I was thinking of resolving this with codeweakcode or codeunownedcode preferably the latter, since it should be a strikestrongstrike guaranteed noncodenilcode reference, but I dont think I completely understand the logic yet, because changing codeMultipleChoiceAnswerscode top  precodestruct MultipleChoiceAnswers    unowned let questionQuestion   let answers[Answer]  codepre  p... does not resolve the error.p  pHow can I resolve this error, while keeping a strikestrongstrike guaranteed noncodenilcode circular referencep  psupP.S. to be honest, Im not even entirely sure yet whether I actually emneedem this circular reference to begin with, but since this tentative implementation raised this error, I got curious about a possible resolution anyway.supp
Negative 3262 pIs there a way to know the size of memory space allocated by an application on iPhone or iPad via objectivec code This is just to know how much memory my application is allocating space in RAM during run time.p  pThanks.p
Negative 3262 pI want to add different stuffs to costumers cart but before adding the stuff transition in the database costumer must pay and then redirect to another page after Successful transition i need the chosen stuffs ids i tried using codePOSTcode but the browser does not send the post value because of payment system in the middle i tried using sessions instead  I want to add array of codeintegerscode to a session control i already tried using this codep  precodetarray1,2,3,4,5 SESSION[examid]t codepre  pI dont know if i can do such a thing or not but what is the parallels p
Negative 3262 pLike many other Firemonkey developers, I need a general multiplatform solution to send messages from a thread to the main thread to replace PostMessage. I need it to also work on iOS.p  pThere is a solution by Franois Piette that is implemented for Android and Windows, but not for iOS  a hrefhttpfrancoispiette.blogspot.dk201312firemonkeyandroidwindowsand.html relnofollowTMessagingSystema.p  pHowever, I think it can be done much more simple by using the new TMessageManager in combination with TThread.Queue. But no one have published code, using this aproach, that actually works e.g. a hrefhttpcodeverge.comembarcadero.delphi.firemonkeyiosandtmessagefromathread1052957 relnofollowthis one is not completea.p  pDo you have a tested implementation you would like to share with the community or maybe just suggestions how to implement it rightp
Negative 3262 pI have a Java application that leverages the OBIEE Web Service API to consume data from the BI Server. I am able to XMLViewService and the WebCatalogService just fine, but I cant quite get the HtmlViewService to properly render a report in the Java app. The report just shows the spinning loader, but never actually renders the report. Im pretty sure it has to do with the fact that the Java app and the BI Server are on different domains. This is what the API documentation saysp  pstrongIn situations where Oracle BI Web Services and the thirdparty Web server do not  belong to the same Domain Name Service DNS domain, users may get JavaScript errors related to browser security constraints for crossdomain scripting. To avoid these issues, use the setBridge method to modify callback URLs to point to the thirdparty Web server. Be aware that a Web component executed by the thirdparty Web server to reroute requests to Oracle BI Web Services is not provided. This function would need to be fulfilled by the thirdparty application.strongp  pSeveral years ago, I did this same type of integration using .NETC and ran in the the same issue because the .NET app and the BI Server were on different domains. As a result, I had to create an HTTP Handler .ashx file as well as use the setBridge method to to solve the issue. p  pThe challenge that Im having is that I cant find a servlet bridge example for Java. And Im not too confident in porting the .NET.ASHX code to a Java servletbridge. Does anyone have any code examples or direction they could provide to point me in the right direction  Heres a snippet of code to show you what Im doing to pull back the report datap  precode     define report path     ReportRef reportRef  new ReportRef     reportRef.setReportPathreportFolder    reportName       set page params     StartPageParams pageParams  new StartPageParams      pageParams.setDontUseHttpCookiestrue       set report params     String pageId  htmlService.startPagepageParams, sawSessionId     String reportId  pageId  reportName     htmlService.addReportToPagepageId, reportId, reportRef, null, null, null, sawSessionId       get report html     StringBuffer reportHtml  new StringBuffer      reportHtml.appendhtmlService.getHtmlForReportpageId, reportId, sawSessionId        return html     return reportHtml.toString codepre  pstrongThis is the error that is coming back in the browserstrongp  pXMLHttpRequest cannot load a hrefhttpmyobiserver.comanalyticssaw.dllajaxGo relnofollowhttpmyobiserver.comanalyticssaw.dllajaxGoa. No AccessControlAllowOrigin header is present on the requested resource. Origin a hrefhttpmyjavaapp.com relnofollowhttpmyjavaapp.coma is therefore not allowed access. p  pPer requested, here is my .NET.ASHX bridgep  precodeusing System.Collections.Specialized using System.Net using System.Text using System.Web using System using System.Collections using System.Configuration using System.Collections.Specialized using System.Web using System.Text using System.Net using System.IO using System.Diagnostics   This is a ASP.NET handler that handles communication  between the SharePoint site and OracleBI. It will be deployed to  CProgram FilesCommon FilesMicrosoft Sharedweb server extensions12TEMPLATELAYOUTSOracleBI   public class OracleBridge IHttpHandler    public   bool IsReusable getreturn true   public OracleBridge         string getServer          string strServer  httpltenterdomaingtanalyticssaw.dll      int index  strServer.LastIndexOfsplit off saw.dll      if index gt0         return strServer.Substring0,index1      else         return strServer      public void ProcessRequestHttpContext context         HttpWebRequest req  forwardRequestcontext      forwardResponsecontext,req      private HttpWebRequest forwardRequestHttpContext context         string strURL  makeURLcontext      HttpWebRequest req  HttpWebRequestWebRequest.CreatestrURL      req.Method  context.Request.HttpMethod      NameValueCollection   headers  context.Request.Headers      req.Accept   headers.GetAccept      req.Expect  headers.GetExpect      req.ContentType  headers.GetContentType      string strModifiedSince  headers.GetIfModifiedSince      if strModifiedSince  null ampamp strModifiedSince.Length  0         req.IfModifiedSince   DateTime.ParsestrModifiedSince      req.Referer  headers.GetReferer      req.UserAgent  headers.GetUserAgent          if req.Method.EqualsGET               CopyStreamscontext.Request.InputStream,req.GetRequestStream            return req       private void forwardResponseHttpContext context, HttpWebRequest req         HttpWebResponse resp null      try               resp  HttpWebResponsereq.GetResponse            catchWebException e               resp   HttpWebResponsee.Response            context.Response.StatusCode  intresp.StatusCode       for int i  0 i lt resp.Cookies.Count i                Cookie c  resp.Cookies[i]          HttpCookie hc  new HttpCookiec.Name, c.Value          hc.Path  c.Path          hc.Domain  getServer          context.Response.Cookies.Addhc            context.Response.ContentType  resp.ContentType      CopyStreamsresp.GetResponseStream, context.Response.OutputStream        private string makeURLHttpContext context         string strQuery  context.Request.Url.Query      string[] arrParams  strQuery.Split,amp      StringBuilder resultingParams  new StringBuilder      string strURLnull      foreachstring strParam in arrParams                 string[] arrNameValue  strParam.Split         if arrNameValue[0].EqualsRedirectURL                     if strParam.Length  0                           if resultingParams.Length  0                  resultingParams.Appendamp               resultingParams.AppendstrParam                              else if arrNameValue.Length gt1            strURL  HttpUtility.UrlDecodearrNameValue[1]             if strURL null         throw new ExceptionInvalid URL format. requestURL parameter is missing      String sAppendChar  strURL.Contains  amp        if strURL.StartsWithhttp  strURL.StartsWithhttps                String tmpURL  strURL  sAppendChar  resultingParams.ToString          return tmpURL            else                String tmpURL  getServer  strURL  sAppendChar  resultingParams.ToString          return tmpURL             private void CopyStreamsStream inStr,Stream outStr         byte[] buf  new byte[4096]      try               do                     int iRead  inStr.Readbuf,0,4096            if iRead  0               break            outStr.Writebuf,0,iRead                  while true            finally               outStr.Close          codepre
Negative 3262 pI use ohmyzsh with Zsh and I want Vim bindings on the command line. In my .zshrc, I have the following lines full .zshrc a hrefhttpsgithub.comlwmdotfiles relnofollowhereap  precode terminal vim bindkey v export KEYTIMEOUT1 bindkey M viins jk vicmdmode   todo  THIS DOES NOT WORK bindkey M viins k killline bindkey  backwarddeletechar bindkey h backwarddeletechar bindkey w backwardkillword bindkey r historyincrementalsearchbackward   show which vim mode we are in precmd    RPROMPT  zlekeymapselect    RPROMPT   [[ KEYMAP  vicmd ]] ampamp RPROMPTCOMMAND MODE     return promptstatus    zle resetprompt  zlelineinit    typeset g promptstatus  zle N zlekeymapselect zle N zlelineinit codepre  pNow, I just to be able to switch back to command mode by pressing jk on the command line, but it wont work. Escape does work though.p  pWhere am I going wrongp
Negative 3262 pI am using the below vb6 code to get the currently running cpu id p  precode     Dim CpuId As String      Dim objWMIService, colItems, objItem       Set objWMIService  GetObjectwinmgmts.rootcimv2      Set colItems  objWMIService.ExecQuerySelect  from Win32Processor       For Each objItem In colItems      CpuId  objItem.ProcessorId       Next       msgbox cpuid codepre  pThis works well for a single cpu processor. But many computers nowadays are having multiple processors, dual core, core i 3 etc. How can i list all the existing processor ids.p  pI am using the processor id to make licensing for my software and when the client computers swicthes the processor to the one i have not registered, the licensed machine is being declared unlicensed.p
Negative 3262 pCan anyone tell me why my application close itself unexpectedlyp  pBelow are the LogCat error but i have no idea what they mean, need help.p  pstrongLogCat errorstrongp  precode1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275 FATAL EXCEPTION main 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275 java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start activity ComponentInfocom.fyp.atmscom.fyp.atms.MainActivity java.lang.NullPointerException 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2663 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2679 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at android.app.ActivityThread.access2300ActivityThread.java125 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java2033 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java123 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4627 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java521 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java868 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java626 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275 Caused by java.lang.NullPointerException 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at com.fyp.atms.MainActivity.onCreateMainActivity.java30 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1047 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2627 1008 111500.556 EAndroidRuntime275  ... 11 more codepre  pstrongMainActivity.javastrongp  precodepackage com.fyp.atms  import android.support.v7.app.ActionBarActivity import android.os.Bundle import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuItem import android.view.View import android.view.View.OnClickListener import android.widget.Button import android.widget.EditText import android.widget.TextView  import com.memetix.mst.language.Language import com.memetix.mst.translate.Translate  public class MainActivity extends ActionBarActivity implements OnClickListener      TextView tled     EditText toTl     Button translate      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain          Translate.setClientIdbharatnakka         Translate.setClientSecretHLa1sMAlW6Kw6XpNcIom2DxLZySLpmV2BgT96sA2s          translate.setOnClickListenerthis          translate  Button findViewByIdR.id.btnT    translate button         tled  TextView findViewByIdR.id.Ted    translated         toTl  EditText findViewByIdR.id.toT    to be translate          translate.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener               Override             public void onClickView v                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                 switchv.getId                 case R.id.btnT                     String input  toTl.getText.toString                     try                          String output  Translate.executeinput, Language.AUTODETECT, Language.FRENCH                      toTl.setTextinput                     tled.setTextoutput                      catch Exception e                          e.printStackTrace                                                                         Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.main, menu         return true           Override     public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item           Handle action bar item clicks here. The action bar will          automatically handle clicks on the HomeUp button, so long          as you specify a parent activity in AndroidManifest.xml.         int id  item.getItemId         if id  R.id.actionsettings              return true                  return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem           Override     public void onClickView v           TODO Autogenerated method stub        codepre  pstrongactivitymain.xmlstrongp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin     toolscontextcom.fyp.atms.MainActivity gt      ltTextView         androidididtextView1         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentToptrue         androidlayoutmarginTop28dp         androidtextstringatms         androidgravitycenter         androidtextSize20dp gt      ltEditText         androidididtoT         androidhintType to translate...         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignLeftidtextView1         androidlayoutbelowidtextView1         androidlayoutmarginTop40dp         androidems10 gt      ltButton         androidididbtnT         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue         androidlayoutcenterVerticaltrue         androidtextTranslate gt      ltTextView         androidididTed         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignLeftidtoT         androidlayoutbelowidbtnT         androidlayoutmarginTop57dp         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceLarge gt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  patms Manifestp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     packagecom.fyp.atms     androidversionCode1     androidversionName1.0 gt      ltusessdk         androidminSdkVersion8         androidtargetSdkVersion21 gt      ltapplication         androidallowBackuptrue         androidicondrawableiclauncher         androidlabelstringappname         androidthemestyleAppTheme gt         ltactivity             androidname.Firstpage             androidlabelstringappname gt             ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt                  ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt             ltintentfiltergt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity             androidname.MainActivity             androidlabelstringappname gt             ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnamecom.fyp.atms.MAINACTIVITY gt                  ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt             ltintentfiltergt         ltactivitygt     ltapplicationgt  ltmanifestgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI need a data structure like Queue. Only the first element can exit and new elements should be added to end of Queue. And also I need to access to last element.p  pThe codeSystem.Collections.Queuecode has all functionality I need except the last one.p  pI wondering is there any built in data structure like thisp
Negative 3262 pWhile Im trying to mock restangular get request by calling below mentioned get requestp  precode Restangular.alldata.getListpage  2, count  10           .thenfunctiondata              console.logdata           , functionerror console.logerror codepre  pMock.jsp  precode    return [200,           result data,          total total      ] codepre  pThe above mock works fine with coderesourcecode, but not with Restangular. I get an errorp  precodeError Response for getList SHOULD be an array and not an object or something else codepre  pWhat are changes should I make in my return statement to get it workingp
Negative 3262 pI have been working on allowing function chaining. I have created a class called continuationmonad which takes a value, and a function from a  b. This allows me to use fmap and bind to chain these together. I have also used lazy to allowed calls to be defered where possible.p  pIs this class really the continuation monad or is it something else. I am finding it hard to find good literature which is not is Haskell.p  pAlso any comments on how to improve  correct this.p  precodeusing NUnit.Framework using System  namespace Monads       public class ContinuationltInput, Outputgt         public ContinuationInput value, FuncltInput,Outputgt function             this.value  new LazyltInputgt  gt value             this.function  function                   public ContinuationLazyltInputgt value, FuncltInput,Outputgt function             this.value  value             this.function  function                   public ContinuationltOutput, Resultgt FMapltResultgtFuncltOutput, Resultgt map             return new ContinuationltOutput, Resultgtnew LazyltOutputgt  gt Run , x gt mapx                   public ContinuationltOutput,Resultgt BindltResultgtFuncltOutput, ContinuationltOutput, Resultgtgt f             return fRun                   public Output Run             return functionvalue.Value                   private FuncltInput, Outputgt function         private LazyltInputgt value           public static class ContinuationExtension         public static ContinuationltA,Bgt UnitltA,Bgtthis FuncltA,Bgt f, A value             return new ContinuationltA, Bgtvalue,f                   public static ContinuationltA,Bgt UnitltA,Bgtthis A value,FuncltA,Bgt f             return new ContinuationltA, Bgtvalue,f                    [TestFixture]     public class MonadTests               public Continuationltint,intgt Wrappedint value             return new Continuationltint,intgtvalue, x gt x  10                   [Test]         public void ContinuationMonadTests                       var number  42             var result  number.Unitx gt x  8.FMapx gt x  2.BindWrapped.Run              Console.WriteLineresult                codepre
Negative 3262 pI am attempting a crystal Report using Visual studio. The report consists of multiple sections that are pulled from different tables some have processing calculations. The thing is this report will have to be run multiple times 5000 times  batch printing so speed is a factor in the design. Do I do a stored procedure or multiple views Which option will be fasterp  pAlso, I was thinking of doing sub report for one or two sections. Will this slow down the renderingp  pyour input is appreciated, please assistp
Negative 3262 pIm working with apktool GUI but i dont know how to call jar file with a windows form. I just want to make the apktool GUI program so i dont have to run cmd and type the command and file path.p  pHere is the code i want to make.p  pcall apktoolp  precodeProcess.Startjava, String.Join , args  codepre  pPrepare the argumentsp  precodestring[] args   jar, apktool, d, f , filename, decompiled   codepre  papktool  The path to apktoolp  pfilename  the APK file namep  pdecompiled  The Apktool create a Decompiled folder. Decompiled is a folder name.p  pd  decompile modep  pf  overwrites file if it exist forcep  pThe final command should look likep  precodejar capktool.exe d f cbf.apk cdecompiled codepre  pbut i want the program to call the jar file on any location and not just in Cp
Negative 3262 pI am studying OOP in C but the programming style made me crazy. Which style is OOP for a function input from file. Thanksp  precodeclass Point public    Point    Point    ltinput from filegt private    int x, y  codepre  pStyle 1p  precodevoid Inputchar filename    ifstream fin    fin.openfilename    ltread the filegt    fin.close  codepre  pStyle 2p  precodevoid Inputifstream ampfin    ltread the filegt  codepre
Negative 3262 pI tried this and it returns Truep  precodea  solvesinx5, x printa[0].rhs in RR codepre  pHowever the expected answer is False, what am I missing  p  pI just want to programmatically check when I have real solutions to some equations.p  pI also tried codelenacode which returns 1 which is also not correct as there are infinite many [nonreal] solutions.  p  pI also tried codea  solvesinx1, x printa[0].rhsltpicode p  pwhich return neither true nor false but the string pi2 lt pi p
Negative 3262 pIn my GWT app Im using a dock panel in which codeDockPanel.NORTHcode is a codeMenuBarcode component, implementing my navigation bar while the component in the codeDockPanel.CENTERcode position displays different panels according to the option selected in the navigation bar is a codeDeckPanelcode.p  pMy problem is that the navigation bar on codeDockPanel.NORTHcode is always aligned to the left. When the DeckPanel switches to a wider component the navigation bar moves too. So for each panel in the codeDeckPanelcode the navigation bar could be in a different position, which is annoying for the user. It would be great to me is this component in codeDockPanel.NORTHcode could be always centered, but it seems that I can center the codeDockPanelcode itself, but not the component in codeDockPanel.NORTHcode.p  pAll the components in this DockPanel are styled withp  precode.navigationPanel     marginleft auto     marginright auto     textalignjustify  codepre  pThe GWT UI Binder for the codeMenuBarcode item isp  precodeltgDockPanelgt     ltgDock directionNORTH gt         ltgMenuBar uifieldmainMenugt     ltgDockgt ltgDockPanelgt codepre  pI have tried playing with other properties, like code.setHorizontalAlignmentHasHorizontalAlignment.ALIGNCENTERcode with no success. Either, I havent been able to tweak the right properties for the p  precode.gwtMenuBar     align center important  codepre  pstyle property at the codeMenuBarcode component codeUiBindercode interface.p  pCould anybody help me correct this behaviorp
Negative 3262 pHello i have problem then i use try resize very big image like a 30 000px x 20 000px with ImageMagic software i not enought RAM, because i have 8GB but software required about 10gb. Then i not enought RAM start to write disk but its very slow, i need use all data in RAM. i try two optionp  p1 using emconvertem, writes to a different image filep  precodeconvert resize 90 source.jpg destination.jpg codepre  p2. using emmogrifyem overwrites the original image filep  precodemogrify resize 90 source.jpg  codepre  pMaybe anyone know how i can use less memory or something tricks.. more information about imagemagic a hrefhttpwww.imagemagick.orgscriptmogrify.php relnofollowhttpwww.imagemagick.orgscriptmogrify.phpap
Negative 3262 pI am trying to implement DataTables serverside processingpagination for a table in angularjs. I have used the DataTables example but my table does not show. I am pretty sure I am missing one slight thing but cant figure it out....tried many things....p  pMy HTMLp  precodeltdiv classtableresponsivegt lttable idconsolidatedPageTable classtable tablecondensed tablestriped tablebordered gt     lttheadgt         lttrgt             ltth gtSourceltthgt             ltth gtMailing Dateltthgt             ltth gtStatusltthgt             ltth gtCPIltthgt             ltth gtUser IDltthgt             ltth gtProgramltthgt             ltth gtCustomer Numberltthgt             ltth gtCustomer Nameltthgt             ltth gtDL Dateltthgt         lttrgt     lttheadgt lttablegt codepre  pp  pMy controllerp  precodeapp.controllerConsolidatedController, functionscope,rootScope,http,filter,location,routeParams       createTable      location.pathconsolidated    function createTable function     var table  consolidatedPageTable.dataTable         destroy true,             processing true,         serverSide true,         ajax scriptsconsolidationTable.php,                columnDefs [                      targets [9],             visible false,             searchable true              ]        codepre  pMy php scipt I replaced server specific information with XXXp  precodeltphp errorreporting0 table  consolidated primaryKey  customerNumber columns  array columns[]  arraydb gt source , dt gt 0 columns[]  arraydbgtmailingDate,dtgt1 columns[]  arraydbgtstatus,dtgt2 columns[]  arraydbgtcpi,dtgt3 columns[]  arraydbgtuserId,dtgt4 columns[]  arraydbgtshorttext,dtgt5 columns[]  arraydbgtcustomerNumber,dtgt6 columns[]  arraydbgtcustomerName,dtgt7 columns[]  arraydbgtdlDate,dtgt8 sqldetails  arrayuser gt XXX,pass gt XXX,db gt XXX,host gt XXX requiressp.class.php echo jsonencodeSSPsimple GET, sqldetails, table, primaryKey, columns  gt codepre  pI can run the php script by itself and it displays the correct data in the format shown in the dataTables example. In my application though, on the screen all I get is the header line and it does not appear to be in a dataTables looking format. p  pCan anyone see what could be causing no data to show p
Negative 3262 phow to stop empty group in php using mysqlp  pi want to stop empty rows group p  pthis code is showing like this p  precode                     lt and this empty rows is showing empty group how to stop this  UK  UAE  USA  codepre  pand i want like thisp  precode UK  UAE  USA  codepre  pthis is codep  precodeltphp     mysqlconnectlocalhost, user, password. or die mysqlerror     mysqlselectdbphone or die mysqlerror     result  mysqlquerySELECT  from topdata GROUP BY model     While there are rows to display     whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayresult     Display the results from the current row and a line break      echo  ltligtlta href..model.urlencoderow[model]..htmlgt .row[model].ltagtltligt          gt codepre
Negative 3262 pIm new to Python, nltk and nlp. I have written simple grammar. But when running the program it gives below error. Please help me to solve this errorp  pGrammarp  precodeS gt NP NP gt PNPROD[NUMn] N[NUMn]D[NUMn] A N[NUMn]D[NUMn] N[NUMn] PPQP N[NUMn]A N[NUMn]D[NUMn] NOM PPD[NUMn] NOM PP gt P NP D[NUMsg] gt a D gt the N[NUMsg] gt boygirlroomgardenhair N[NUMpl] gt dogscats PN gt saumyadinesh PRO gt shehewe A gt tallnaughtylongthreeblack P gt withinfromat QP gt some NOM gt A NOMN[NUMn] codepre  pCodep  precodeimport nltk  grammar  nltk.data.loadfileenglishgrammer.cfg rdparser  nltk.RecursiveDescentParsergrammar sent  a dogs.split trees  rdparser.parsesent  for tree in trees print tree codepre  pErrorp  pValueError Expected a nonterminal, found [NUMn] N[NUMn]D[NUMn] A N[NUMn]D[NUMn] N[NUMn] PPQP N[NUMn]A N[NUMn]D[NUMn] NOM PPD[NUMn] NOMp
Negative 3262 pI have an iterator within an iterator, the second iterator needs to use the value of the list that the first iterator is iterating over as a parameter of a method call within iterator two. I cannot find the sufficient documentation that will show me what I need to use.p  precodefirstList  1,2,3,4 ltsiterator valuefirstListgt   ltsiterator valuegetSecondListFIRST LIST ITERATION PROPERTY REQUIRED HEREgt     Do Something   ltsiteratorgt ltsiteratorgt codepre  pI want to use codeltspropertygtcode but I cant use a struts tag inside a struts tag. Thank you for any help and advice.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to set codeAdMobcode to my application, but when I try to sync my  project this error shows up p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comUcMVm.jpg altenter image description herep  pI have already downloaded Google Play Services and I dont know how to fix this error. What should I dop
Negative 3262 pIve been working on a share extension and am now trying to have it activate within dropbox when sharing images. I notice Mail, FB, and Twitter are in the list, however mine is not. My codeNSExtensionActivationRulecode accepts codeNSExtensionActivationSupportsFileWithMaxCountcode, codeNSExtensionActivationSupportsWebURLWithMaxCountcode, codeNSExtensionActivationSupportsImageWithMaxCountcode, codeNSExtensionActivationSupportsAttachmentsWithMaxCountcode, codeNSExtensionActivationSupportsWebPageWithMaxCountcode. Any ideasp  pemNote the extension does work on the camera picker.emp
Negative 3262 pI would like to do batch updates in elastic search using elastica. The data comes from a postgresql db and the es ids are the same as psql ids. After an operation in the sql db ids and its data can be changed, deleted or inserted.p  pWhen doing batch updates on ids in es which dont exist, an exeption is thrown  that is bad. When trying to delete an id which doesnt exist, also an exeption follows  also bad.p  pIs there an elegant and efficient solution to do batch updates avoiding exeptionsp
Negative 3262 pI encountered the following property of codestdvectorcode that I did not know and I was wondering if someone could clarify it for me.p  pI think this codep  precodeint main    int i  5    vectorltintgt vector   whilei gt 0     vector.pushbacki     i     codepre  pshould produce a vector with the following elements p  precode5, 4, 3, 2, 1 codepre  pHowever, when I run the code above what I get is p  precode5, 4, 3, 2, 0 codepre  pIn order to explore what is going on I printed the vector at each stage and I get the following sequencep  ul lii5   vector 0li lii4  vector5, 0li lii3  vector5, 4, 0li lii2  vector5, 4, 3, 0li lii1  vector5, 4, 3, 2, 0li ul  pSo I think somehow a zero gets pushbacked in the first cycle where 5 should be which is very strange. If I try a bigger say n10 then the last element is modified every time cycle. p  pI do not understand whats going. My guess is that there is something in the buffer maybe that gets push back before 5 and then this puts the push back and the cycle out of phase. Or is it something else p  hr  pEditp  hr  pSo as people kindly pointed out or implied in the comments the error was in the printing routine that I was used. For the record it wasp  precodevoid printvectorstdvectorltintgt vector   cout ltlt string10,  ltlt endl   cout ltlt     forint i0 i lt vector.size  1 i     cout ltlt vector[i] ltlt ,       cout ltlt vector[vector.size]   cout ltlt  ltlt endl   codepre  pAnd the mistakes comes from the codevector[vector.size]code which does weird things when the vector does not have elements I guess.p
Negative 3262 pI am implementing a global filter across all requests to identify that the user who is making the request is authenticated, and if not send them to the login screen.p  pMy Global object extending the WithFilters class which is using the Authentication Filterp  precodeobject Global extends WithFiltersAuthenticationFilter   codepre  pMy Authentication Filterp  precodeclass AuthenticationFilter  extends Filter    def applynext RequestHeader gt Future[Result]request RequestHeader Future[Result]       printlnthis is the request that will be filtered   request     if authenticated         How do i send the request to the login Action     else        nextrequest      object AuthenticationFilter    def applyactionNames String  new AuthenticationFilter  codepre  pMy question is how do I go about sending an unauthenticated user to the login Actionroutep
Negative 3262 pIm trying to add elements to an ArrayList in Processing.js, basically a javascript array in a for loop. BEcause of the many objects I need to add, the for loop is not incrementing all the way through. I basically have an ArrayList of levels like in a game and each level has its own ArrayList of GameObjects. Im first adding all the level objects to their own array, them Im looping through that ArrayList to make each level, a.k.a. add a bunch of gameObjects to that level based on a String array. Heres my codep  precodevoid setupAllLevels    forint i  0 i lt map.length i      levels.addnew Leveli       forint i  0 i lt levels.size i       levels.geti.makeLevel     codepre  pAnd heres the makeLevel function within each level objectp  precodevoid makeLevel  forint y  0 y lt map[levelNum].length y    forint x  0 x lt map[levelNum][y].length x      ifmapKey[map[levelNum][y][x]]           gameObjects.addnew mapKey[map[levelNum][y][x]]x  tileSize, y  tileSize, levelNum             codepre  pit works when I only try to make one level, but looping through all of them and making them results in either half of a level being made, or none of a level its kind of random how much it works. I dont care how long this function takes, because Im doing it in setup. Does anyone have any ideas of how to do this process so that every level gets made Possibly by slowing down the for loop Ive tried setTimeoutloop here, 0, but that hasnt worked. Any ideas p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to figure out how to sort an dictionary which looks like thisp  precodepublic Dictionaryltstring, ParseObjectgt dict  new Dictionaryltstring, ParseObjectgt codepre  pThe ParseObject has some fields in itp  pstrongobjectId, name, datestrongp  pWhich i can get like this dict.Getdatep  pThe data inside date looks like this strong20141028201007strongp  pNow, I want to reordersort the dictionary on the date field either ascending or descending but dont know how to do thisp  pI have looked at thisp  precode Example dictionary.     var dictionary  new Dictionaryltstring, intgt5     dictionary.Addcat, 1     dictionary.Adddog, 0     dictionary.Addmouse, 5     dictionary.Addeel, 3     dictionary.Addprogrammer, 2       Order by values.      ... Use LINQ to specify sorting by value.     var items  from pair in dictionary             orderby pair.Value ascending             select pair       Display results.     foreach KeyValuePairltstring, intgt pair in items              Console.WriteLine0 1, pair.Key, pair.Value            Reverse sort.      ... Can be looped over in the same way as above.     items  from pair in dictionary         orderby pair.Value descending         select pair codepre  pBut this is not based on an object...p  pHope someone can help or guide me in the right direction and thanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pi deploy using laravel forge from a github repo. this repo worked until i made some change to a few views did a composer update, and it grabbed some new symfony components and removed a social media generator i no longer used.p  pnow, on forge, after deploying to github, i get thisp  precodeFrom github.comjeffwalshwittischism  branch            master     gt FETCHHEAD error Your local changes to the following files would be overwritten by merge vendorautoload.php vendorcomposerautoloadclassmap.php vendorcomposerautoloadnamespaces.php vendorcomposerautoloadpsr4.php vendorcomposerautoloadreal.php vendorcomposerinstalled.json Please, commit your changes or stash them before you can merge. Aborting Updating 0d5c6df..dbadbdb Loading composer repositories with package information Installing dependencies including requiredev from lock file Nothing to install or update codepre  pthe site still works but nothing from the last commit is active.p  pall the changes in the github commit show they all relate to composer. ive tried all the solutions posted so far on github, but most pertain to this error occuring in a different circumstance.p  pive tried stash, merge, stash pop, ive tried resetting headers, etc. if i try another commit it says i am up to date.p  pive also tried git add filenamehere.php and then commit but it says im up to date. also tried git add a and the same thing.p
Negative 3262 pIm working with Emberjs. I want to refresh data of User  route on change a select box value from application controller. On change value of select box just changing the params value not the roue. Ember does not refresh the model data based on new params.p  precodeonOrganizationChangefunction     var urlusersorg  this.selectedOrg     this.transitionToRouteurl .observesselectedOrg codepre  pthis function is called every time when user change the company from select box in application handelbar.p  pAnd my route map isp  precodeApp.Router.mapfunction this.resourceusers, function     this.resourceuser, pathuserid     this.routeadd, pathadd  codepre
Negative 3262 pI need to add some data to a page using AJAX. I have written the following code for the purpose. The problem is that the call is not returning any data. The PHP file is just for test purposes as of now. Obviously, some actually functionality will be added to it. Javascriptp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function addprodprodid          var xmlHttp         if prodid              document.getelementbyIDnewprod.innerhtml             return                  if window.XMLHttpRequest                      xmlHttpnew XMLHttpRequest                  else             xmlHttpnew ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHttp                  xmlHttp.onreadystatechangefunction             ifxmlHttp.readystate4 ampamp xmlHttp.status200                 document.getelementbyIDnewprod.innerhtmlxmlHttp.responseText                               xmlHttp.openGET,addrow.phpqprodid,true         xmlHttp.send          ltscriptgt codepre  pHTMLp  precodeltspan idnewprodgtltspangt ltformgt     ltinput typetext nameaddprodbyid classformcontrol placeholderEnter Product ID onkeyupaddprodthis.value gt ltformgt codepre  paddrow.phpp  precodeltphp prodidREQUEST[q] echo prodid gt codepre  pI tried checking with Firebug. The AJAX call is working, but no data is being sent to the PHP file. The URL that gets called everytime is codeaddrow.phpqcode.p
Negative 3262 pI have a OpenGL ES.20 project that I am trying to move to Google Cardboard, everything is working except objects in GoogleCardboard appear larger than in my framework.  I believe the frustumM or perspective is not right.p  pA cube that is 1 to 1 size in my project is about the size of a cube in Minecraft less than 14 screen, in GoogleCardboard its as large as the screen at the same distancep  pI have tried to manual changing it on the onDrawEye event. I have tried scaling objects down but this has other issues.p  pIs anyone using GoogleCardboardp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to read JSON data from web, and i am using Json.net library for this task, the problem is if  there is only one json object p  precodeid2340,time20141029 162649 codepre  peverything works fine, but if there is an array of them p  precode[id2340,time20141029 162649, id2341,time20141029 162721] codepre  pProgram isnt working.p  precodeusing System using System.Net using System.IO using System.Collections.Generic using System.ComponentModel using System.Data using System.Data.OleDb using System.Drawing using System.Linq using System.Collections.Specialized using System.Text using System.Windows.Forms using Newtonsoft.Json      namespace Localhostnet              public partial class Form1  Form                      public Form1                              InitializeComponent                           private void Form1Loadobject sender, EventArgs e                               using WebClient client  new WebClient                                      string htmlCode  client.DownloadStringhttplocalhostjson.php                     LocalhostTiming jsonResponse  JsonConvert.DeserializeObjectltLocalhostTiminggthtmlCode                     string timeId  jsonResponse.id                      MessageBox.ShowtimeId                                                 public class LocalhostTiming                      public string id  get set              public string time  get set                 codepre  pIve tried to add p  precodepublic class DataContainer      public ListltLocalhostTiminggt LocalhostTiming get set   codepre  pBut i dont know how to work with this code.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to render a div with a template in ajax. Im using .html function for setting the template data in div. But when I do so, it hides scroll bar of page and even the page doesnt scroll.p  precode.ajax     typePOST,     urlmethodaction,     data myform.serialize,     success functiondata      replacableDiv.html     companyModal.modalhide     .modalbackdrop.hide     replacableDiv.htmldata           codepre
Negative 3262 pBy using emknitrem package in R, I could produce a markdown file by usingp  precodeknit001minimal.Rmd codepre  pto get em001minimal.mdem.p  pHowever, this  em001minimal.mdem is different from the normal markdown file, as it contains something like thisp  precoder 11  codepre  pthen I could not convert this markdown file to html usingp  precodemarkdown input.md output.html codepre  pin bash shell.p  pYou may tell me I could directly usingp  precodeknit2html001minimal.Rmd,output.html codepre  pThe reason I dont want to use this is because I want to set a specific css style for the emoutput htmlem file.p  pDo you guys has any cluep
Negative 3262 pHow can I set default direction for all widgets used in JQuery widgets Currently I am use codertl  truecode property when I am initialize strongeverystrong widget.p  precode jqxgrid.jqxGrid                              width 1000,                 rtltrue, . . . codepre  pIt is redundant and if I wants to change the localization setting to RTL based location such as Persian, I should add this property to all of widgets.p
Negative 3262 pI have the following object set upp  precodepublic class DrawingInstance      public string DrawingNum     public string Rev     public string Title     public int LevelNum     public string RefDesc     public string DateRelease     public string DrawingType     public DrawingInstance ParentMember     public int PageInstance      public ListltDrawingInstancegt ChildMembers  new ListltDrawingInstancegt  codepre  pAfter gathering all of the data, I am currently accessing each child member one level at a time, like sop  precodefor int i  0 i lt drawingInstance.ChildMembers.Count i      for int j  0 j lt drawingInstance.ChildMembers[i].ChildMembers.Count j              ....         ....       codepre  pThe number of levels in the file being processed can be different each time.p  pIs there a way through recursion to loop through and traverse an infinite number of levels I need to process them 1 level at a time. So all of the is will be processed, then all of the js for each i are processed, and so on. Currently I have 10 blocks of code for processing a possible of 10 levels, but I feel like there has to be a better way to go about this.p  pstrongEDITstrong Thanks for the quick responses. Here is a more detailed look straight from my code that gives a little more insight into how I am currently processing the objectsp  precodeLevel 0 Pages         int pageNum  PageNum         int startIdx  0         int pageCount  0         pageCount  GetVisioPageCounttreeArray.ChildMembers.Count         for int i  0 i lt pageCount i                      VisioSheetOutline tempSheet  new VisioSheetOutline             tempSheet  GetSingleSheettreeArray, startIdx, pageNum, i  1             for int cMember  0 cMember lt tempSheet.ChildPairs.Length cMember                              ParentDictionary.AddtempSheet.ChildPairs[cMember].SingleInstance, tempSheet.SheetName                          SheetList.AddtempSheet             pageNum             startIdx  15                    Level 1 Pages         for int i  0 i lt treeArray.ChildMembers.Count i                      pageCount  0             pageCount  GetVisioPageCounttreeArray.ChildMembers[i].ChildMembers.Count             startIdx  0             for int j  0 j lt pageCount j                              VisioSheetOutline tempSheet  new VisioSheetOutline                 tempSheet  GetSingleSheettreeArray.ChildMembers[i], startIdx, pageNum, i  1                 for int cMember  0 cMember lt tempSheet.ChildPairs.Length cMember                                      ParentDictionary.AddtempSheet.ChildPairs[cMember].SingleInstance, tempSheet.SheetName                                  SheetList.AddtempSheet                 pageNum                 startIdx  15                                Level 2 Pages         for int i  0 i lt treeArray.ChildMembers.Count i                      for int j  0 j lt treeArray.ChildMembers[i].ChildMembers.Count j                              pageCount  0                 pageCount  GetVisioPageCounttreeArray.ChildMembers[i].ChildMembers[j].ChildMembers.Count                 startIdx  0                 for int k  0 k lt pageCount k                                      VisioSheetOutline tempSheet  new VisioSheetOutline                     tempSheet  GetSingleSheettreeArray.ChildMembers[i].ChildMembers[j], startIdx, pageNum, i  1                     for int cMember  0 cMember lt tempSheet.ChildPairs.Length cMember                                              ParentDictionary.AddtempSheet.ChildPairs[cMember].SingleInstance, tempSheet.SheetName                                          SheetList.AddtempSheet                     pageNum                     startIdx  15                                        codepre  pI am currently looking into a few of the suggestions that were made to see which one fits my particular need. p
Negative 3262 phow to block only past date in DatePicker in android Am using sample code in that past date and current date getting blocked , I need only past date get blocked not current date here is my codep  precodeprivate DatePickerDialog.OnDateSetListener mDateSetListener          new DatePickerDialog.OnDateSetListener               public void onDateSetDatePicker view, int yearSelected,                                   int monthOfYear, int dayOfMonth                 year  yearSelected                month  monthOfYear                day  dayOfMonth                int nmon  monthOfYear1                  businessdateet.setTextdaynmonyear                                 private TimePickerDialog.OnTimeSetListener mTimeSetListener              new TimePickerDialog.OnTimeSetListener                   public void onTimeSetTimePicker view, int hourOfDay, int min                      hour  hourOfDay                     minute  min                      businesstimeet.setTexthourminute                                               protected Dialog onCreateDialogint id                  switch id                  case DATEDIALOGID                      DatePickerDialog da  new DatePickerDialogthis, mDateSetListener,                             mYear, mMonth, mDay                     Calendar c  Calendar.getInstance                      c.addCalendar.DATE, 1                     Date newDate  c.getTime                     da.getDatePicker.setMinDatenewDate.getTime                     return da                  case TIMEDIALOGID                     return new TimePickerDialogthis,                             mTimeSetListener, mHour, mMinute, false                                   return null              codepre
Negative 3262 pWhile using AppiumLibrary with RobotFramework, I am getting below error. p  pError importing test library AppiumLibrary failed  ImportError No module named switchtop  pHere,PYTHONPATH usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesselenium2.44.0py2.7.eggp  pTo resolve above error I want to try solution mentioned at link a hrefhttpsgithub.comappiumappiumissues2625 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comappiumappiumissues2625a which asks to remove the lower version of selenium. p  pI have two selenium folders at below location.  Selenium folders 1usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesselenium 2usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesselenium2.44.0.egginfo How can I remove the the selenium other than 2.44p
Negative 3262 pMy program produces a segmentation fault and as a result will not print the lowest number from my array. I went over my program with my TA but she only told me that the cause of the segmentation fault was probably an array out of bound exception. I need a little help spotting where I went wrong if anyone would be so kind.p  precodesection .data                                        initilized data segment matrixA dd  79, 98, 58, 62, 94                       5x5 matrix         dd  82, 92, 76, 51, 81         dd  83, 46, 67, 71, 52         dd  43, 61, 73, 44, 48         dd  59, 85, 82, 66, 89  msgLow db The lowest Value of the Matrix is, 0x0a  Lowest Message lenLow equ  msgLow   section .bss                                         uninitialized data segment ...  section .text                                        program data global start                                        global scope start                                              main function   printMsg                                            Prints msgLow mov eax, 4 mov ebx, 1 mov ecx, msgLow mov edx, lenLow int 0x80  init mov edi, 0                                       used to track row position mov esi, 0                                       added to edi give a number in the matrixA mov ecx, 99                                      upper limit of lowest number  call outter                                      sub routine for finding lowest number  mov eax, 4                                       Prints out the lowest number  mov ebx, 1 mov ecx, esp add [ecx], DWORD 48              mov edx, 4  exit                                            Program Exit mov eax, 1 xor ebx, ebx int 0x80 Exit  Function Start                                  Function for finding lowest value outter                                          Compare Main cmp edi, 96                                       ja  functend                                    end the function at edi gt 100 mov esi, 0                                       initialize esi when this part of loop is run      inner cmp esi, 4                                       Compare esi inner loop index to 5 ja innerend                                     ends inner loop if gt 4 esis limit  mov eax, [matrixA  edi  esi  4]               moves element from  matrixA into eax cmp eax, ecx                                     Compare eax element of matrixA to ecx ja  higher                                       jump if value is above ecx value mov ecx, eax                                     sets new lowest number if reached  higher                                          Incrementer inc esi                                          increments sdi jmp inner  innerend                                       if outter give a higher value                              add edi, 20                                      row is 5 x 4 jmp outter  functend                                       end of function push ecx ret Function End codepre  pAny help is greatly appreciated.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to add a file with tagged sentences that the Brown Corpus can read. What I did is that I went to codenltkdatacorporabrowncode, added the file codetagged5code and went to codecats.txtcode and added a line codetagged5 homeworkcode.p  pBut when I dop  precodebrownhomework  brown.taggedsentscategorieshomework codepre  pIt just gives me codeValueError In category mapping file cats.txt tagged5 not foundcodep  pAlthough the file codetagged5code is there with all the other corpus files.p  pAny ideap
Negative 3262 pI am developing a monitoring plugin that queries multiple database. I would like to use HikariCP in order to keep the connection open, but I do not know how the connection pool has to be instantiated.p  pDoes HikariCP use just one pool for several databases or just one pool for one database, and it is my responsibility to instantiate as many pools as database I will use.p
Negative 3262 pIm developing a new shipping method that calculates the rate based on the package weight, volume and customers zip code...  Ive had no problem retrieving the cart information on the calculateshipping function, but when I try to retrieve the zip code from customer it seems to return an empty value. how can I retrieve this information on runtime in order to calculate the final costp  precodepublic function calculateshipping package        GLOBAL woocommerce      items  woocommercegtcartgtgetcart      cliente  woocommercegtcustomer       peso  woocommercegtcartgtcartcontentsweight      customerpostcode  woocommercegtcustomergtgetshippingpostcode   codepre  pSolvedp  pcodecustomerpostcode  getusermeta getcurrentuserid, shippingpostcode, true codep
Negative 3262 pI am new to work light. I want to create an application which shows me current available wifi network as a list and allow me to connect any of them and also it show the signal strength of the each network. I have studied the strongWL.Device.Wifistrong but it is not giving much help. Please provide your suggestions. I want to do this for iOS.p
Negative 3262 pDuring the development process of my phonegapcordova application I used phonegap serve. When I access my application through phonegap serve with the Phonegap app, the application is working as expected. p  pHowever when I perform a phonegap run ios on either the emulator or iPhone itself, the jQuery Mobile collapsable set is not seen on the second half of the screen.p  pHere is the latest committed code on the development branch  a hrefhttpsgithub.comkacole2jsmap1treeplacesAPI relnofollowhttpsgithub.comkacole2jsmap1treeplacesAPIap  pThis is how the application looks when viewed with phonegap serve img srchttpi.imgur.comR52zbjU.png altworkingp  pThis is how the application looks when viewed on the emulator or iOS device with phonegap run ios img srchttpi.imgur.comPR0bhuy.png altnot workingp  pThank you in advance for any helpp
Negative 3262 pI need to find all usages of a base class property that is accessed via a particular derived class.p  precodepublic abstract class AbstractClass      public string Prop  get set    public class ConcreteClass  AbstractClass    public class AnotherConcreteClass  AbstractClass    public class Program      public Program              ConcreteClass cc  new ConcreteClass         cc.Prop  Value          AnotherConcreteClass acc  new AnotherConcreteClass         acc.Prop  Value       codepre  pFor instance, I just want to get the usage of codePropcode with codeConcreteClasscode.p  pCan this be done with Resharperp
Negative 3262 pI wish to use Pythons codeemailcode module to change the encoding of MIME mail message parts from codequotedprintablecode or codebase64code to code7bitcode or code8bitcode. All seems to work out, except that at the end, for some messages, codeemail.message.asstringcode encodes some parts codetextplaincode and codetexthtmlcode both encountered as codebase64code. I do not understand why, and what to understand this behavior to avoid it.p  pThe script codep  precode Read and parse the message from stdin msg  email.messagefromstringsys.stdin.read  for part in msg.walk   if part.getcontentmaintype  text     if part[ContentTransferEncoding] in quotedprintable, base64       payload  part.getpayloaddecodeTrue       del part[ContentTransferEncoding]       part.setpayloadpayload       email.encoders.encode7or8bitpart   Send the modified message to stdout printmsg.asstring codepre  pIf this matters I use Python 3.3p
Negative 3262 pI have a loop in my code and I want to plot some variables,p  pIn each iteration I plot a new point and I want it to be connected to the previous point.p  pHere is an example code In this code the loop is unnecessary but in actual code, its not. p  precoden   500 Fs  1000 f1  10 t   0 dt  1  Fs for i  1  n     s  sin2  pi  f1  t     t  t  dt     plott,s,bo hold on     axis[0 tend 1 1] end codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com18w4w.png altenter image description herep  pThe right one is what I want.p  pI thought of using codelinecode but that would get messy I would have to change codeicode and use code4code points in each codelinecode command.p  pIt seems a simple question, maybe Im missing something.p  pThanks for any help. p
Negative 3262 pFNG, here.p  pI am working my way through Apples iOS tutorial. I am about halfway through the last tutorial, having just completed the Display the Data subsection. Problem is, no data is displayed.p  pIt appears that the codetableViewcellForRowAtIndexPathcode method is not being called, as evidenced by the fact that an codeNSLogHerecode added to the method before the codereturn cellcode line creates no output.p  pOf course, I could start from scratch and simply recreate the thing, but that would lose a valuable learning opportunity. Also, Id probably create just another error somewhere else.p  pThe app builds and launches fine, just no data is displayed. The codeloadInitialDatacode method is being called.p  pAlso, Im using Xcode 6.1, which is I think a version beyond the one used in the tutorial, but everything else seems to be fine.p  pAny tips on how to debug from here greatly appreciated.p  pEdit thank you to Alex and lefteris and zisoft for answers and edits. For anyone who has this problem, it turns out I left out the code that put the data into the the array code[self.toDoItems addObjectanItem]code, which means codetableViewnumberOfRowsInSectioncode returns 0, so nothing calls any further codetableViewcode methods. I found the answer by searching the documentation for Table View Data Source thanks Alex where, through the beginnings of comprehension, I had an aha.  p
Negative 3262 pthis is my mpproductlist.phpp  precodeltphp getheadergt                 ltdiv classcontentmidgt                     ltphp if  haveposts   gt                     ltphp while  haveposts   thepost gt                     ltdiv classpost thingt                          lta hrefltphp thepermalink gt relbookmark titlePermanent Link to ltphp thetitleattribute gtgt                              lth2gtltphp thetitle gtlth2gtltagt lta hrefltphp thepermalink gt relbookmark titlePermanent Link to ltphp thetitleattribute gtgtltphp if  functionexists addthemesupport   thepostthumbnail gtltagt                         lth3gtltphp mpproductpricetrue gtlth3gtltphp mpbuybuttontrue, singlegt                     ltdivgt                     ltphp endwhilegt                     ltphp else  gt                     ltphp endif gt                     ltend postgt                 ltdivgt ltphp getfootergt codepre  pand this is what Im getting a hrefhttpangelov.gaoldstoreproducts relnofollowhttpangelov.gaoldstoreproductsap  pits only fetching one products instead of the two test products I havep  pthanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pThis is a followup on this question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions26164800d3dynamichierarchicaledgebundling2wayimportD3 Dynamic hierarchical edge bundling  2 way importap  pThe original problem was resolved and is shown in a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netw2rfwokx1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netw2rfwokx1a i.e there is an orange link in case node 1 and node 2 both import each other. But there seems to be an issue with this resolution, which becomes apparent in this new data set shown in a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netw2rfwokx3 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netw2rfwokx3ap  pWhen node 1 and node 2 both import each other, and when node 1 is highlighted, node 2 is in orange, which is how it needs to be, but the link is not.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPXQkT.gif altenter image description herep  pI guess the code is not taking into account the complex data set. In this complex data set, node 1 imports node 2, node 2 imports node 1 and node 3, node 3 imports node 2.p  pI can figure out that construction of unique links array in this code block needs changep  precodevar uniquelinks  links.reducefunctionp,c      var indexp.mapfunctiond,i  ifd.sourcec.target ampamp d.targetc.source return i.shift     ifisNaNindex p[index].bothtrue else p.pushc     return p   ,[] codepre  pThough i am struggling to see what change. I am still learning d3.js and my primary purpose is application of this to process managementp  pAny pointers would be helpfulp
Negative 3262 pI am using Apigee REST to SOAP to REST Proxy.p  pAfter creating the WSDL proxy and deploying it. I see all the parameters that could be sent to the SOAP endpoint. Let call it param1, param2, param3, all optional. But Validation on it is [09AFaf]8, so that means each param if not empty must be 8 characters long.p  pThe problem I am having is when param2 is null. Some reason the proxy still includes that within the request causing validation error.p  pDoes anyone know how I can fix this I basically wants this. a hrefhttpxxx.apigee.commyrestendpointparam1xxxampparam3xxx relnofollowhttpxxx.apigee.commyrestendpointparam1xxxampparam3xxxap  pThe soap will not include param2, only sending param1 and param3.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to draw an image in C Forms, but Im missing the color parameter like SpriteBatch.Draw in XNA, so I can draw white images as red and green images with a tint of red and so on. How can I do thisp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to create a scheduled task that runs a C program with highest permissions available. This is an example of the task creationp  blockquote   pSchTasks Create SC DAILY S COMPUTERNAME RL HIGHEST TN File Automation TR CDFileAutomation.exe INT ST 0500p blockquote  pThis C program creates subprocesses that also need AdminHighest permissions to execute properly. I have tried several solutions and not a single one has workedp  ul liAdding a manifest with  li liForce the subprocess ProcessStartInfo to verb  runas. I also played a little bit with this processstartinfo without success.li ul  pre classlangc prettyprintoverridecode        private void RunSDProcessstring command                      ProcessStartInfo processStartInfo  new ProcessStartInfosd.exe, command              processStartInfo.CreateNoWindow  true             processStartInfo.UseShellExecute  false             processStartInfo.RedirectStandardError  true             processStartInfo.RedirectStandardOutput  true             processStartInfo.Verb  runas              Process sdProcess  new Process              sdProcess.StartInfo  processStartInfo             sdProcess.Start             sdProcess.WaitForExit              sdProcess.StandardOutput.ReadToEnd              string errors  sdProcess.StandardError.ReadToEnd             Console.WriteLineerrors          codepre  pWhat should I do to give the launched subprocesses admin permissionsp
Negative 3262 pI have an codeXpagescode view [only used in codeXPiNC]code with a list of users. Want to display their email addresses and have the user be able to click the address and open a new email in their email application with codeSendTocode populated with the email of the user they clicked on.p  pI can get a link to work to open a new email.p  precodeltxplink escapetrue     textNew Memo idlink2     valueNotes0000000000000E00MemoOpenFormgt ltxplinkgt codepre  pBut in the post I got this the author said there was no way to prepopulate fields.p  pIs there a simple way to do this, or should I just write codeSSJScode to do it, or even worse, run an codeLScode agentp
Negative 3262 pOn a hrefhttpwww.timmerenonderhouddino.nlproductendienstenmeubelsopmaatkastenopmaat relnofollowthis pagea of my website, the divs are floating in a strange way. The original theme a hrefhttpdemo.fabthemes.comreveraportfolio relnofollowhttpdemo.fabthemes.comreveraportfolioa displays them in a correct way. Ive checked the code  css but cannot seem to find the problem. p  pWhat is going wrong herep
Negative 3262 pIm creating an app wherein the user can access a database using PHP and MySQLi.p  pFor creating the account I create a url string with the parameters appended on the end which is then read using GET in my signup.php file and added to the database Ill be adding things like email activation later.p  pTwo questionsp  ol lipIs there a problem using codeGETcode in this fashion since Im appending the email and password to the url string, I feel its not secure, but since its inside the app Im not as sure.pli lipHow should I handle the login  The way I was thinking was to use codeGETcode method again and using this information in a query to check for matching results then return a message which the app would pick up to log the user in.pli ol
Negative 3262 pI apologize if there is a duplicate of this question here somewhere, but I just spent my entire Sunday trying to implement a search function for a database on my android app. I am trying to search for a database entry using a string that a user inputs on an edittext. Id like to ask for any input as to how I can do this, I am very new to android so please bear with me. My main classp  precodepackage com.mobisys.android.externaltoapplication  import java.io.IOException  import android.app.Activity import android.content.SharedPreferences import android.database.Cursor import android.database.SQLException import android.os.Bundle import android.util.Log import android.view.View import android.widget.Button import android.widget.EditText import android.widget.TextView import android.widget.Toast  public class CopyDbActivity extends Activity   Called when the activity is first created.  Cursor cnull Cursor dnull Button button1 EditText origin, destination TextView org, dest  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitycopydb     button1  Button findViewByIdR.id.button01      final String PREFSNAME  MyPrefsFile      SharedPreferences settings  getSharedPreferencesPREFSNAME, 0      if settings.getBooleanmyfirsttime, true          the app is being launched for first time, do something                 Log.dComments, First time                    first time task         DatabaseHelper myDbHelper  new DatabaseHelperCopyDbActivity.this         try              myDbHelper.createDataBase              catch IOException ioe                  throw new ErrorUnable to create database                  try              myDbHelper.openDataBase         catchSQLException sqle             throw sqle                  Toast.makeTextCopyDbActivity.this, Success, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show         cmyDbHelper.queryPlace, null, null, null, null,null, null         ifc.moveToFirst                      do                  Toast.makeTextCopyDbActivity.this,id   c.getString0  n NAME   c.getString1  n Type   c.getString2  n  Lat   c.getString3 n Long  c.getString4 , Toast.LENGTHLONG.show             while c.moveToNext                       record the fact that the app has been started at least once         settings.edit.putBooleanmyfirsttime, false.commit          public void searchahView a     DatabaseHelper myDbHelper  new DatabaseHelpergetBaseContext     myDbHelper.openDataBase     origin  EditTextfindViewByIdR.id.origin     org  TextViewfindViewByIdR.id.org     String org1  origin.getText.toString     Cursor or  myDbHelper.getPlaceorg1     org.setTextor.getString1nLat  or.getString3n Long  or.getString4     codepre  pAs you can see Ive made a feeble attempt at doing this my self to no avail. Here is the helper classp  precodepackage com.mobisys.android.externaltoapplication import java.io.FileOutputStream import java.io.IOException import java.io.InputStream import java.io.OutputStream import java.util.ArrayList  import android.content.Context import android.database.Cursor import android.database.SQLException import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteException import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteOpenHelper  public class DatabaseHelper extends SQLiteOpenHelper   String DBPATH null  private static String DBNAME  LibotNegOr   private SQLiteDatabase myDataBase   private final Context myContext public static final String TABLEPLACE  PLACE public static final String COLUMNPLACENAME  placeName   public DatabaseHelperContext context       supercontext, DBNAME, null, 1     this.myContext  context     DBPATHdatadatacontext.getPackageNamedatabases       public void createDataBase throws IOException      boolean dbExist  checkDataBase      ifdbExist      else           SQLiteDatabase db  this.getReadableDatabase         if db.isOpen             db.close                       try               copyDataBase           catch IOException e               throw new ErrorError copying database                    private boolean checkDataBase      SQLiteDatabase checkDB  null      try         String myPath  DBPATH  DBNAME         checkDB  SQLiteDatabase.openDatabasemyPath, null, SQLiteDatabase.OPENREADONLY      catchSQLiteException e              ifcheckDB  null          checkDB.close            return checkDB  null  true  false   private void copyDataBase throws IOException       InputStream myInput  myContext.getAssets.openDBNAME       String outFileName  DBPATH  DBNAME       OutputStream myOutput  new FileOutputStreamoutFileName       byte[] buffer  new byte[1024]     int length     while length  myInput.readbuffergt0         myOutput.writebuffer, 0, length            myOutput.flush     myOutput.close     myInput.close    public void openDataBase throws SQLException       String myPath  DBPATH  DBNAME     myDataBase  SQLiteDatabase.openDatabasemyPath, null, SQLiteDatabase.OPENREADONLY     Override public synchronized void close           ifmyDataBase  null             myDataBase.close          super.close      Override public void onCreateSQLiteDatabase db     Override public void onUpgradeSQLiteDatabase db, int oldVersion, int newVersion     public Cursor queryString table,String[] columns, String selection,String[] selectionArgs,String groupBy,String having,String orderBy     return myDataBase.queryPlace, null, null, null, null, null, null     public Cursor getPlaceString str       TODO Autogenerated method stub     Cursor m  myDataBase.querytrue, Place, placeName, , str, null, null, null, null          codepre  pI will appreciate any input that you guys can provide.p
Negative 3262 pWe have the following code...p  precode  if aForceRebuild or not FHasBitmap then   try     if TFile.ExistsFFileName then     begin       FRectangle.WrapModeTImageWrapMode.Fit Try to force correct drawing in Android       FRectangle.Bitmap.LoadThumbnailFromFileFFilename, FRectangle.WidthTHUMBMARGIN, FRectangle.HeightTHUMBMARGIN       FHasBitmapTrue     end   except     Raise   end codepre  p...which on Windows draws correctly the bitmap keeping the proportion ratios of the loaded thumbnail while on Android, the output image is stretched in order to cover the entire rectangle.p  pemHow can we fix this in order to have correct rendering ie. keeping the aspect ratio on any platformemp  pNotesp  ul liFRectangle is a codeTImagecode object.li licodeFRectangle.WrapModeTImageWrapMode.Fitcode is called also at codeFRectanglecodes creation. No luck.li liVersions Delphi XE6, Windows 7, Android 4.2li ul
Negative 3262 pIm using php with Mysql and I need to run a specific query when user selects month and year in a datefield. This query returns all records created by the monthyear selected by user and I dont want relate days in a clause where inside the select. Since I need only records from monthyear select, is there any ways how can I define inside the select only monthyearp  pHere is my Mysql statement with variable selected by user There are two tables related with inner join so I can grab records with Datep  precodequermesano  Select b.name AS Canal                                                                   from canalcanalvenda b                                 inner join metameta c On  c.canalcanalvendaidc  b.id                                 And c.deleted  0                                 where c.periodo  monthyear Here is the date value I just need to put in monthyear                                 And b.deleted  0                                 Group by Canal order by 1 codepre  pCan any one help mep
Negative 3262 pSuppose I have a table that looks a little like this in SQL Server 2008p  precodeUID    StdRecordID  1      10 2      10 3      12 4      10 5      10 6      10 7      12 codepre  pBasically there will be a sequence of code10codes followed by a single code12code. The code10code could also be in the list code14, 50, 21, 24, 31code and the code12code could be in the list code16, 52, 23, 26, 33code respectively. An increment of 2 pretty much signifies the end of a set.p  pI need to increment a counter every time there is a new set.p  pI know I can get a counter to increment and reset like sop  precodeselect ROWNUMBER over partition by StdRecordId order by UID Ind ,UID from inputTable codepre  pBut this isnt quite what I want given that it will produce the followingp  precodeUID    StdRecordId    Ind  1      10              1 2      10              2 3      12              1 4      10              1 5      10              2 6      10              3 7      12              1 codepre  pI need it to do something like this insteadp  precodeUID    StdRecordId    Ind  1      10              1 2      10              1 3      12              1 4      10              2 5      10              2 6      10              2 7      12              2 codepre  pHow does one go about accomplishing this without resorting to iteration Im trying to get rid of the iteration in the procedure Im working in since the iteration is the slowest part of the procedure it does loads of other things other than this.p
Negative 3262 pI am using Eclipse ADT, and created a Virtual Android4.4.2 Nexus device.brbr I am able to start the Emulator, but when i do Run As  Android Application  Selecting Emulator as target  it fails.. i see following error in logcat not sure what 10.1.1.100 IP and 9401 port is in the logsp  precode    WSystem.err6599 org.apache.http.conn.ConnectTimeoutException Connect to 10.1.1.1009401 timed out     WSystem.err6599     at org.apache.http.conn.scheme.PlainSocketFactory.connectSocketPlainSocketFactory.java121     WSystem.err6599     at org.apache.http.impl.conn.DefaultClientConnectionOperator.openConnectionDefaultClientConnectionOperator.java143     WSystem.err6599     at org.apache.http.impl.conn.AbstractPoolEntry.openAbstractPoolEntry.java164     WSystem.err6599     at          ...         ... DBatteryService1478 update start Eyahoo.push.service6542 yahoo.log.im Thread17im KA exception prod2.restcore.msg.yahoo.com Eyahoo.push.service6542 java.net.UnknownHostException prod2.restcore.msg.yahoo.com Eyahoo.push.service6542     at java.net.InetAddress.lookupHostByNameInetAddress.java506 Eyahoo.push.service6542     at java.net.InetAddress.getAllByNameImplInetAddress.java294 Eyahoo.push.service6542     at java.net.InetAddress.getAllByNameInetAddress.java256 codepre  pIf it matters  I am able to run the app successfully on a Physical Device.p  pstrong[EDIT 1]strongbr After clearing the cusersmeuser .android directoryp  pI still see the following errorsp  precode    java.net.UnknownHostException prod2.restcore.msg.yahoo.com     ....     Edalvikvm8793 Could not find class com.google.android.gms.deviceconnection.a.c,  referenced from method com.google.android.gms.deviceconnection.a.a.ltinitgt     ...     Could not find class android.app.AppOpsManager, referenced from method com.google.android.gms.common.util.e.a codepre  pAnd ultimately in the console Uploading my.apk onto device emulator5554p  precodeInstalling my.apk... Installation error Unknown failure Please check logcat output for more details. Launch canceled codepre
Negative 3262 pI have two projects in my Solution. emWindows phone Silverlight 8.1 Applicationem and emWCF service projectem. In my WCF project I have some classes that are used in WCF and they also should be used on client side in Windows Phone app. So I want to add a reference to my WCF project. So I rightclick on my WP project and select emadd referenceem. Then I choose emSolutionProjectsand select my wcfem project and I get following errorp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comjNz9z.png altenter image description herep  pHow can I add a reference to WCF project in my Windows Phone Silverlight application Because Im guessing that this is the best way to consume classes from WCF in my WP projectp
Negative 3262 pI am developing a mobile application for one of our client using Salesforce SDk. I havent found any documentation regarding the community registration vai Salsforce SDK. Is this possible Because when i complete the registration from Not a member link the page is still loading in the webview , not getting redirected to the application  to mobile. Is there any way to accomplish registration via SDKp
Negative 3262 pI have a aspx popup which shows the final result. the result is a data table.  I want to resize the popup size according to the content. How can I achieve this. I dont want to use scrollbars as the table is huge.  This is the function p  precode            ltscript typetextjavascriptgt              function basicPopupdetails                popupWindow  window.openSIKHealthDisplay.aspxDetails     details , popUpWindow, height150,width280,left500,top250,resizableNo,scrollbarsno,toolbarno      ,menubarno,locationno,directoriesno, statusNo                codepre
Negative 3262 pCan somebody explain me please what is the difference between Android Support Repository vs Android Support Library vs Google Repository vs Google Play Servicesp  pMy understanding is that Google Repository is identical with Google Play Services just that has separated all the apis vs the classical play services that is one big jar containing all and that is better suited to be used in android studio because now you can choose exactly what api you want to compile eg com.google.android.gmsplayservicesads vs relying  on proguard to strip away the unneeded apis at build time.p  pAm I rightp  pHow about Android Support Repository vs Android Support Libraryp
Negative 3262 pmy script is that. It compare files in a folder to files in database. If one file in my folder is not in my database, it inserts it. Now I would like to add a functionalit to compare the modified date of the file. If it has been modified, I insert it, and if not, just do nothing.p  pI tried to do something, but not sure how to make it.p  pbellow my scriptp  precodebdd  new PDOmysqlhostlocalhostdbnamecheck, root, root  dirname  .check dir  scandirdirname  fichiersbdd  bddgtquerySELECT filename, modifiedDate1 FROM file fichiersbdd  fichiersbddgtfetchAllPDOFETCHCOLUMN    params  array i  0 foreachdir as file      iffile  . ampamp file  .. ampamp isdirdirname.file ampamp inarrayfile, fichiersbdd               ifi  0             reqINSERT INTO file filename, modifiedDate1 VALUES             i         else req .,      req . , modifiedDate1     params[]  file     vardumpreq         ifemptyparams     stmt  bddgtpreparereq     stmtgtexecuteparams else echo all files are already in database. codepre
Negative 3262 pThis is my .html codep  precode ltdiv classcol2gt         ltdiv classcolcontentgt          ltdiv classltgt            ltdiv classltimg archgtltdivgt           ltdivgt           ltdiv classrtgt                                   lth3gtCompetitve Priceslth3gt                  ltpgtArch Linux 2012.12 x64ltpgt                  lta hrefgtRead more ltdiv classarrowgtltdivgtltagt                               ltdivgt                     ltdiv classclearfixgtltdivgt            ltdiv classwholeboxgt                     ltulgt                        ltligtArch Linux 2012.12 x64ltligt                         ltligtArch Linux 2012.08 x64ltligt                         ltligtArch Linux 2012.08 x86ltligt                     ltulgt            ltdivgt        ltdivgt      ltdivgt codepre  pI have .js file code here ..p  precode  .rt a .clickfunction      .wholebox .slideToggle slow     return false    codepre  pbProblemb  When i click on link it show all div having classcodewholeboxcode.In code.csscode file i set property to codedisplaynonecode for this codewholeboxcode class.How can i show codewholeboxcode only for particular link with this hierarchy of codeHTMLcode code .p
Negative 3262 pI am using the a hrefhttpsgithub.comscrooloosenerdtree relnofollownerdtreea with some a hrefhttpsgithub.combodokaiservimrcblobmastervimrcL9L38 relnofollowother pluginsa.p  pWhen I edit files with different indent settings e.g. codeMakefilecode which requires tabs and code.jscode which should have spaces then vim mixes up both and applies tabs to code.jscode.p  pThe file type stuff is defined in a hrefhttpsgithub.combodokaiservimrcblobmastervimrcL102L114 relnofollowthese linesap  precode use real tabs for these languages autocmd FileType go,make              set noexpandtab   use two spaces for these languages autocmd FileType ruby,html,json,jade,javascript              set tabstop2               set shiftwidth2   use four spaces for these languages autocmd FileType css              set tabstop4               set shiftwidth4 codepre  pAny idea how to make vim to reapply codeautocmd Filetypecode when opening another tab in nerdtreep  pBodop
Negative 3262 pIve got following set up in my index.htmlp  precode... ltscript srccomponentsangularangular.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript srccomponentstraceurtraceur.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srccomponentses6moduleloaderdistes6moduleloader.src.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srccomponentssystem.jsdistsystem.src.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscriptgt     System.baseURL   ltscriptgt  ltscript typemodulegt      Example     import angular from angular      angular.modulemyApp, [...] ltscriptgt codepre  pId like to load angular.js and some other common libs globally via script tag. But when Im trying to use it in modules in my case, es6modules system.js tries to load it via URL codehttpmysiteangular.jscode. It just doesnt see that Ive already included it as global lib. I spent several hours figuring out how can I handle this, read system.js wiki on Github, but Im still stuck with this.p  pCan anybody show how to configure system.js to work with global libsp
Negative 3262 pIm writing an application for WPF in MVC pattern. The purpose of application is to display some data in the database and these data are being updated asynchronously.p  pIm thinking about how to design the architecture, such that it will be threadsafe. In particularp  ul liEach page or its viewmodel must be able to subscribe and unsubscribe from the service, which updates the database.li liThe service updating the database informs all  subscribers, that new data arrived and that they should refresh their views.li ul  pObviously, the page, which is just being closed should unsubscribe from the service and the page, which just appears, should or may subscribe.p  pI could put subscription inside a critical section, as well as broadcast about new data, but then imagine the following scenario page  its viewmodel, that does not matter much herep  ul liService enters critical section to broadcast information about new data in separate threadli liPage tries to enter critical section to unsubscribe in main threadli liService informs page about new data in separate thread.li liPage populates its fields and raises PropertyChange event in separate thread.li liPropertyChange event is marshalled to the main thread. Which waits for the critical section. li ul  pAnd it looks like a deadlock to me.p  pHow can I safely design this architecture to avoid such deadlocks Maybe pages should never unsubscribe Or is there another way to secure threads such that they wont deadlockp
Negative 3262 pI am designing a website and am struggling with aligning my images as in the picture below a design I made using adobe indesign.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfE6Hu.png altenter image description herep  pAs shown by the fiddle codecodea hrefhttpjsfiddle.netrupsdino1997uyL0jdxq15 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netrupsdino1997uyL0jdxq15a, my bottom images do not align with my top images, and also they are too far apart, i need them to be closer together as shown in the picture below, also, in the fiddle, the  The House tag is not on the same vertical height as the images, why is that and how can that be fixedp  pThanks a Millionp  pCode in case fiddle goes downp  pHTML codep  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodedocument.readyfunction     var currentPosition  0   var slideWidth  1000   var slides  .slide   var numberOfSlides  slides.length   var slideShowInterval   var speed  3000    slideShowInterval  setIntervalchangePosition, speed   slides.wrapAllltdiv idslidesHoldergtltdivgt   slides.css     float left      slidesHolder.csswidth, slideWidth  numberOfSlides    function changePosition      if currentPosition  numberOfSlides  1        currentPosition  0      else        currentPosition          moveSlide       function moveSlide      slidesHolder       .animate         marginLeft slideWidth  currentPosition           codepre pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecode    wrapper main ul.horizontal li        display inlineblock       liststyle       none          wrapper main .horizontal img        height 250px       width 200px       margintop 15px                  boxsizing borderbox          wrapper main ul.horizontal li        display inlineblock       fontsize 16px       liststyle       none       padding 1em       textalign justify       verticalalign top       width 25          img        display block          ul.horizontal        liststyle       none       margin 0       padding 20       fontsize 0          body        margin 0px       color 151515       fontfamily Gill Sans, Gill Sans MT, Myriad Pro, DejaVu Sans Condensed, Helvetica, Arial, sansserif       backgroundcolor EFF5F8          slideshow slideshowWindow        width 1000px       height 600px       margin 0       padding 0       position relative       overflow hidden          slideshow slideshowWindow .slide        margin 0       padding 0       width 1000px       height 600px       float left       position relative          wrapper        width 100       minwidth 740px       maxwidth 1000px       marginleft auto       marginright auto       border 6627C9       backgroundcolor FFFFFF          slideshow slideshowWindow .slide img        height 100       width 100          top        overflow hidden          h1        fontsize 65px       margintop 0px       marginbottom 14px       color 3399DD       fontfamily Gill Sans, Gill Sans MT, Myriad Pro, DejaVu Sans Condensed, Helvetica, Arial, sansserif       maxwidth 100       textalign center          h2        margintop 0.5em          mainimg img        maxwidth 100       paddingtop 2px       paddingbottom 2px          h1,     h2        color 3399CC       fontweight 600       fontsize 36px          figure        display block       width 740px          .centered        marginleft auto       marginright auto          footer        paddingtop 2px       paddingbottom 2px       paddingleft 2       backgroundcolor 43a6cb       color FFFFFF          a        fontweight bold       textdecoration none          alink        color FF6600          avisited        color FF944C          mainnav ahover,     mainnav aactive,     mainnav afocus,     mainnav a.thispage        color FFFFFF       textdecoration none       backgroundcolor 43A6CB          mainnav ul        liststyletype none       margintop 0px       marginright 0px       marginbottom 0px       marginleft 0px       paddingtop 0px       paddingright 0px       paddingbottom 0px       paddingleft 0px          mainnav a        width 20       backgroundcolor 4D4D4D       textalign center       texttransform uppercase       color FFFFFF       paddingtop 6px       paddingbottom 6px       display block       float left     codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltbodygt   ltdiv idwrappergt     ltheader idtopgt       lth1 stylefontsize60pxgtLAuberge De Napoleon IIIlth1gt       ltnav idmainnavgt         ltulgt           ltligtlta hrefIndex.html classthispagegtHomeltagt           ltligt           ltligtlta hrefProperties Features.htmlgtFeaturesltagt           ltligt           ltulgt             ltligt               lta hrefarticle.htmlgtArticleltagt             ltligt           ltulgt           ltligtlta hrefActivities.htmlgtActivitiesltagt           ltligt           ltligtlta hrefContact.htmlgtContact USltagt           ltligt           ltligtlta hrefPricing.htmlgtPricingltagt           ltligt         ltulgt       ltnavgt       ltdiv idslideshowgt         ltdiv idslideshowWindowgt           ltdiv classslidegt             ltimg idmainimg srchttpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons11eStonehenge.jpg gt           ltdivgt           ltdiv classslidegt             ltimg srchttpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons11eStonehenge.jpg gt           ltdivgt           ltdiv classslidegt             ltimg srchttpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons11eStonehenge.jpg gt           ltdivgt         ltdivgt       ltdivgt       ltarticle idmaingt         ltul classhorizontal stylepaddingtop 15pxgt           ltligt             lth1gtThe Houselth1gt             ltpgt               This magnificient selfcatering gite de charme is situated in the centre of FelinesTermenes, a village in the rolling hills of the Hautes Corbieres. It has a lot of cachet and history. Local legend has it that Napoleon III once slept in this former auberge               on his way waging war with Spain. The oldest foundations of the house are Roman.             ltpgt           ltligt           ltligt             ltimg srchttpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommonsaa8TourEiffelWikimediaCommons.jpg gt           ltligt           ltligt             ltimg srchttpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommonsaa8TourEiffelWikimediaCommons.jpg gt           ltligt           ltligt             ltdivgt               ltimg srchttpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommonsaa8TourEiffelWikimediaCommons.jpg gt             ltdivgt           ltligt         ltulgt         ltp stylemargin 0px 30px 10px 30pxgt           The house has been entirely renovated with respect for the original elements like stone walls, wooden beams,  This 5 bedroom house sleeps 8 is a well equipped property. Situated in one of the most sunny regions of France it profits from a sunny, sheltered           court yard and garage in the basement. This comfortable property is based in the LanguedocRoussillon region, famous for its recreational activities as here in Cathar country history meets nature. From the village you can reach famous historic           towns such as Perpignan, Carcassonne and Narbonne within an hour. Felines is also close to the medieval village of Lagrasse, one of the les plus beaux villages de France. A drive to the sea or Spain equally takes you about an hour. Take advantage           of your stay and visit some vintners, as FelinesTermenes is on the Route des 20, a local initiative of the wine growers of the Corbieres. With your family or with friends, you will appreciate the calm of this 180 sq.m. property.         ltpgt       ltarticlegt        ltfootergtPowered By Ruben ampcopy 2015ltfootergtcodepre div div p
Negative 3262 pThe problem lies whenever the program does the animation at a very fast rate, it becomes extremely lagging. I have been trying all I can to improve this code below... But I can not think of anything useful...p  pI know some of you might say Draw less or something like that, but that just is not possible.p  pThis basically draws a small rectangle with rounded corners and makes it larger each frame until it reaches a specific size seen in the codeifcode statements.p  pFull code if needed a hrefhttpsgithub.comGunZi200MemoryColourblobmasterSourceCode.js relnofollowhttpsgithub.comGunZi200MemoryColourblobmasterSourceCode.jsap  precodefunction turnEventAnX, AnY      var lengd  rects.length     eventDone  false,     one30  18,     one40  18,       one301  false,      one401  false     for var i  0 i lt lengd i  1           Indentifying rectangle in use, so we can access the color, and position.         if collides[rects[i]], AnX, AnY              var rightBox  rects[i]             var rectangle  rects2[i]                   roundedrectrectangle.x, rectangle.y, 90, 110, 10, black, black     function render          ctx.beginPath         ctx.fillStyle  rightBox.color         ctx.moveTorectangle.x  42  one40  Xf, rectangle.y  32  one30  Yf         ctx.lineTorectangle.x  48  one40  Xf, rectangle.y  32  one30  Yf         ctx.quadraticCurveTorectangle.x  58  one30  Xf, rectangle.y  32  one30  Yf, rectangle.x  58  one30  Xf, rectangle.y  42  one40  Yf         ctx.lineTorectangle.x  58  one30  Xf, rectangle.y  68  one40  Yf         ctx.quadraticCurveTorectangle.x  58  one30  Xf, rectangle.y  78  one30  Yf, rectangle.x  48  one40  Xf, rectangle.y  78  one30  Yf         ctx.lineTorectangle.x  42  one40  Xf, rectangle.y  78  one30  Yf         ctx.quadraticCurveTorectangle.x  32  one30  Xf, rectangle.y  78  one30  Yf, rectangle.x  32  one30  Xf, rectangle.y  68  one40  Yf         ctx.lineTorectangle.x  32  one30  Xf, rectangle.y  42  one40  Yf         ctx.quadraticCurveTorectangle.x  32  one30  Xf, rectangle.y  32  one30  Yf, rectangle.x  42  one40  Xf, rectangle.y  32  one30  Yf         ctx.fill         ctx.closePath         ctx.fillStyle  fillstyle         if one30  30              one30  0             one301  true          else              one30  2                  if one40  30              one401  true          else              one40  1                  if one401 ampamp one301              eventDone  true                   function animloop         if eventDone condition to stop requestAnimationFrame             eventDone  false             ctx.clearRect0, 0, 310  Xf, 365  Yf             ctx.putImageDataimgData, 0, 0             return                  requestAnimationFrameanimloop         render       codepre  pstrongEDITstrong The problem is to make the actual image. I cannot render it onto a cached canvas because Images in HD will be simply to big. I am developing this for iPhone, Retina Displays. p  pI render the UI before i run these if statements below, and simply take a picture of a part of it. I use the main canvas to keep the quality of the image. If I use drawImage...strongwhat image do I usestrong I do not want to use a file, but I wont mind any examples of that p  precodeif x  414 ampamp y  736      imgData  ctx.getImageData0,0,3x,3365Yf  iPhone 6 and 6  else if x  768 ampamp y  1024      if acanvas.width  2  x          imgData  ctx.getImageData0,0,2x,2365Yf  normal retina      else          imgData  ctx.getImageData0,0,x,365Yf  nonRetina displays       else      imgData  ctx.getImageData0,0,2x,2365Yf  normal retina  codepre
Negative 3262 pI am trying to ploat a graph using ggplot. its asingle sales graph where x axis is year and y axis is sales in the particulat year using shiny framework in R. the input file contain dales detail for every day. Complete data size for  approx 1 TB. Graph is getting plotted but it is taking lot of time approx 5 mins. please suggest any solution for the same.p  pthanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pIm trying to compile some C code with Visual Studio 2010 but am getting the following errorp  blockquote   perror C2664 molderMoldsetpiecemaker  cannot convert parameter 1 from piecemakerPieceMaker const  to piecemakerPieceMaker p blockquote  pThat error is referring to two mirror functions that manage a mutual reference between two classes  p  precodevoid PieceMakersetmoldmolderMold value, void origin      if thisgtmold  value         return      thisgtmold  value     thisgtmoldgtsetpiecemakerthis, this  This is the line with the error  codepre  pandp  precodevoid MoldsetpiecemakerpiecemakerPieceMaker value, void origin      if thisgtpiecemaker  value         return      thisgtpiecemaker  value     thisgtpiecemakergtsetmoldthis, this  codepre  ul liIm not using const with either of these classes anywhere.li liThe error only happens with the moldsetpiecemaker line, while the mirrored piecemakersetmold line compiles just fine.li liThe compiler is claiming this is const but isnt flagging my modification of its mold property, and is not flagging my passing this as the origin parameter.li liWhen I actually make setmold const, then the compiler raises errors for trying to modify mold in that function and trying to pass this as origin.li ul  pWhat could be happening for the compiler to raise that errorp
Negative 3262 pIm running my webserver in flask at a hrefhttpnumbersindia.com relnofollowNumbersIndia.coma . When I try to submit a balnk form the form at a hrefhttpnumbersindia.comflaskhelloworld.fcgitrackmobilenumbers relnofollowhttpnumbersindia.comflaskhelloworld.fcgitrackmobilenumbersa or the pincode form I get an internal server. Here is the code for pincode route.p  precodeapp.routefindpincodes, methods[POST,GET] def pincodes     if request.method  POST         if request.form[number]               number  request.form[number]             number  number.replace ,             number  number.replace,             number  number.strip             strnumber  number             try                 number  intnumber                 num  pinCodes.query.filterbypincode  number.first                 return rendertemplatepincodes.html, pincode  Pincode  strnumber,                                      officename  Office name  num.officename,                                       taluk  Taluk  num.taluk,                                      district District   num.district,                                     state  State  num.state                                                  except                 return rendertemplatepincodes.html,                                      pincode  Pincode  strnumber,                                      officename  Invalid pincode, try again         else             return rendertemplatepincodes.html,                                      pincode  Pincode  strnumber,                                      officename  Invalid pincode, try again      else         return rendertemplatepincodes.html codepre
Negative 3262 pIm having difficulties understanding whats happening on line 34 in this exercise in Learn Python The Hard Way.p  precode1 class Songobject 2 3     def initself, lyrics  This part 4         self.lyrics  lyrics 5 6     def singmeasongself 7         for line in self.lyrics 8             print line 9 10 happybday  Song[Happy birthday to you, 11                    I dont want to get sued, 12                    So Ill stop right there] 13 14 bullsonparade  Song[They rally around the family, 15                         With pockets full of shells] 16 17 happybday.singmeasong 18 19 bullsonparade.singmeasong codepre  pIm reading the excercise over and over again but i dont understand what is happening. Why the 2 arguments Why is it formatted like self.lyricsp
Negative 3262 precodeint ptr  0 int ampref  ptr codepre  pI write above code in Visual Studio and it works Here I am pointing to NULL.  Why it is allowed Pointer can take any address, NULL or even invalid address. Still reference to indirection of pointer is allowedp  pThen why it is said Reference cannot be null. Here, is reference not pointing to codeNULLcodep
Negative 3262 pIm trying to shorten a URL fromcodehttplocalhost50830ControllerActionparametercodebr To codehttplocalhost50830parametercodep  pSo the second URL has to do the same thing as the first URL.br I already tried this in the codeRouteConfig.cscodep  precoderoutes.MapRoute  name Parameter route, url parameter, defaults new  controller  controllerName,                 action  Actionname,                 parameter  UrlParameter.Optional   codepre  pBut then when I type this URL form codehttplocalhost50830parametercode into the browser, it says codeThe resource cannot be foundcode.p
Negative 3262 pi am writing a unitest for login in my project .p  pwhen i call the login function of my controller. Memership.GetUser giving null value for passed User. below is Test casep  precode[TestMethod]     public void Login               Arrange         AccountController account  new AccountControllerforgotPasswordTokensRepo, IMessageTemplateDAO, IEmailService, ISettingDAO, IProfileDAO         ListltAccountBOgt TestUsers  new ListltAccountBOgt          AccountBO objAccountBO  new AccountBO         objAccountBO.Email  uuyopmail.com         objAccountBO.Password  123456789           TestUsers.AddobjAccountBO          var result  JsonResultaccount.LoginTestUsers[0]         var json  new System.Web.Script.Serialization.JavaScriptSerializer          string data  result.Data.ToString.Split[1].Trim         bool Processdata  Convert.ToBooleandata.Replace,  .Trim          Assert.AreEqualltboolgttrue, Processdata         codepre  pController function is p  precodepublic JsonResult LoginAccountBO account, string returnUrl                  bool hasBeenUnlocked  false         if ModelState.IsValid                     MembershipUser adminUser            adminUser  Membership.GetUseraccount.Email            so on               codepre  phere adminUser  Membership.GetUseraccount.Email is giving null.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to click on checkbox which represents as  in Firefox using Watir. I have code left to me from the previous tester, and this code works in Chrome, but not Firefox.p  pHere is what I have.p  pHere is the code that leads to this divp  precodeltdiv classxgrid3body stylewidth515px idextgen201gt     ltdiv classxgrid3row  xgrid3rowfirst stylewidth515pxgt         lttable classxgrid3rowtable border0 cellspacing0 cellpadding0 stylewidth515pxgt             lttbodygt                 lttrgt                     lttd classxgrid3col xgrid3cell xgrid3td0 xgrid3cellfirst  stylewidth 158px tabindex0gt                         ltdiv classxgrid3cellinner xgrid3col0 xunselectable unselectableongtOrganisationltdivgt                     lttdgt                     lttd classxgrid3col xgrid3cell xgrid3td1  stylewidth 298px tabindex0gt                         ltdiv classxgrid3cellinner xgrid3col1 xunselectable unselectableongtCatch Softwareltdivgt                     lttdgt                     lttd classxgrid3col xgrid3cell xgrid3tdscopeCheckColumn xgrid3celllast  xgrid3checkcoltd stylewidth 53px tabindex0gt                         ltdiv classxgrid3cellinner xgrid3colscopeCheckColumn xunselectable unselectableongt                             ltdiv classxgrid3checkcol xgrid3ccscopeCheckColumngtampnbspltdivgt                         ltdivgt                     lttdgt                 lttrgt             lttbodygt         lttablegt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pWhat I need essentially is to click on this div p  precodeltdiv classxgrid3checkcol xgrid3ccscopeCheckColumngtampnbspltdivgt codepre  pI cant attach screenshots rating is low, but this div is the checkbox that I need to click.p  pThis piece of code works in Chromep  precodebrowser.divclass gt xboxinner, index gt 1.tableclass gt xgrid3rowtable.tdtext gt Organisation.parent.tdindex gt 2 codepre  pBut in Firefox I can see that Watir is just click on the whole parent div can see selection appear in browser, not on the checkbox div.p  pThank you.p
Negative 3262 pHy,p  pBasically what I want to achieve is to align some content vertically, in my case name amp job.p  pThe issue here is, when resizing the window, I want the content to stay in the middle.  I found a small script but I cannot get it to work, still learning the basics of JS.p  pMy markup is the followingp  ol liNavigation li liVertically contentli liFooter position absolute bottom 0  is aligned to bottom.li ol  pI created a JSFiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netmarianstroiukhm52p0a1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netmarianstroiukhm52p0a1a, so can you see what Im talking about. p  precodefunction getWindowHeight              var windowHeight  0             if typeofwindow.innerHeight  number                  windowHeight  window.innerHeight                          else                  if document.documentElement ampamp document.documentElement.clientHeight                      windowHeight  document.documentElement.clientHeight                                  else                      if document.body ampamp document.body.clientHeight                          windowHeight  document.body.clientHeight                                                                return windowHeight                  function setContent              if document.getElementById                  var windowHeight  getWindowHeight                 if windowHeight gt 0                      var contentElement  document.getElementByIdvcontent                     var contentHeight  contentElement.offsetHeight                     if windowHeight  contentHeight gt 0                          contentElement.style.position  relative                         contentElement.style.top  windowHeight  2  contentHeight  2  px                                          else                          contentElement.style.position  static                                                                     window.onload  function              setContent                  window.onresize  function              setContent          codepre  pThank youp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to make a table which is displayed properly on mobile devices. To achieve this, Im thinking about arranging the headers vertically likep  precodeHeader1 Information1 Header2 Information2 Header3 Information3  Header1 Information1 ... codepre  pSo, as you can see, I have to use ngrepeat so that everything from my data gets displayed. This is my code for the table so farp  precodetable classtable tablehover tablestriped classergTable idmobileTablegt         ltdiv classmobileErgDiv ngrepeatdata in responseData  limitTolimitgt             lttrgt                 ltthgtTitleltthgt                 lttdgtdata.titlelttdgt             lttrgt             lttrgt                 ltthgtKomponistltthgt                 lttdgtdata.komponistlttdgt             lttrgt             lttrgt                 ltthgtInstrumentsltthgt                 lttdgtdata.instrumentslttdgt             lttrgt         ltdivgt     lttablegt codepre  pThe problem is, that no data gets display as a result of a nonworking ngrepeat. I guess its not possilbe to repeat a div in a table Thats because I have also tried to change the div to a tr, with the same result.p  pI would appreciate every possible solution. Greetings, Force0234p
Negative 3262 pHey Guys so i have a page that displays a list inside ionic.p  pTLDR  Basically i want a buy button that increases recipe.quantityp  pThat list just lists uses ngrepeat recipe in recipes to list them all.p  pWhen i click on one it loads the details page which pulls data from a dictionaryp  phow do i make a button appear on the details page that increase the quantity of that item and make that item callable by a spanp  pdoes this all make sense is there a better way to have an amount of items that i dont have to manually code each button, just have the button check the price of the item inside the dictionary and increase it if possible updating a spanp  pif you need further info just ask, I hope its clear what i am asking.p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netd8dc2opm relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netd8dc2opmap  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodeangular.modulestarter, [ionic, starter.controllers, starter.services]  .runfunctionionicPlatform    ionicPlatform.readyfunction       Hide the accessory bar by default remove this to show the accessory bar above the keyboard      for form inputs     if window.cordova ampamp window.cordova.plugins.Keyboard        cordova.plugins.Keyboard.hideKeyboardAccessoryBartrue          if window.StatusBar         org.apache.cordova.statusbar required       StatusBar.styleDefault           .configfunctionstateProvider, urlRouterProvider      Ionic uses AngularUI Router which uses the concept of states    Learn more here httpsgithub.comangularuiuirouter    Set up the various states which the app can be in.    Each states controller can be found in controllers.js   stateProvider     setup an abstract state for the tabs directive     .statetab,      url tab,     abstract true,     templateUrl templatestabs.html        Each tab has its own nav history stack   .statetab.main,      url main,     views        tabmain          templateUrl templatestabmain.html,         controller mainCtrl                     .statetab.dash,      url dash,     views        tabdash          templateUrl templatestabdash.html,         controller DashCtrl                   .statetab.recipes,        url recipes,       views          tabrecipes            templateUrl templatestabrecipes.html,           controller RecipesCtrl                          .statetab.recipedetail,        url recipesrecipeId,       views          tabrecipes            templateUrl templatesrecipedetail.html,           controller RecipeDetailCtrl                         .statetab.buildings,        url buildings,       views          tabbuildings            templateUrl templatestabbuildings.html,           controller BuildingsCtrl                          .statetab.buildingdetail,        url buildingbuildingId,       views          tabbuildings            templateUrl templatesbuildingdetail.html,           controller BuildingDetailCtrl                         .statetab.upgrades,        url upgrades,       views          tabupgrades            templateUrl templatestabupgrades.html,           controller UpgradesCtrl                          .statetab.upgradedetail,        url upgradeupgradeId,       views          tabupgrades            templateUrl templatesupgradedetail.html,           controller UpgradeDetailCtrl                               .statetab.account,      url account,     views        tabaccount          templateUrl templatestabaccount.html,         controller AccountCtrl                    if none of the above states are matched, use this as the fallback   urlRouterProvider.otherwisetabmain    var milk  localStorage.getItemmilk   localStorage.getItemmilk  0.0 var totalMilk  localStorage.getItemtotalMilk  localStorage.getItemtotalMilk  0.0 var milkRate  localStorage.getItemmilkRate   localStorage.getItemmilkRate  1.0  var cash  localStorage.getItemcash  localStorage.getItemcash  0.0 var totalCash  localStorage.getItemtotalCash  localStorage.getItemtotalCash  0.0  var butter  localStorage.getItembutter   localStorage.getItembutter  0.0     function prettifyinput     var output  Math.roundinput  10000001000000   return output    milkButton.clickfunctione            milk  milkRate     totalMilk  milkRate     document.getElementByIdmilk.innerHTML  prettifymilk     document.getElementByIdtotalMilk.innerHTML  prettifytotalMilk                    angular.modulestarter.services, []  .factoryRecipes, function     Might use a resource here that returns a JSON array     Some fake testing data   var recipes  [      name MilkShake,     quantity 0,     sellPrice 1.5,     milkCost 2,     id 0,     face    ,           name Butter,     quantity 0,     sellPrice 1.5,     milkCost 2,     id 1,     face   ,       name Cream,     quantity 0,     sellPrice 2,     milkCost 2,     id 2,     face   ,      name Ice Cream,     quantity 0,     sellPrice 4.5,     milkCost 2,     id 3,     face   ,      name Cake,     quantity 0,     sellPrice 5,     milkCost 2.5,     id 4,     face        ]    return      all function        return recipes     ,     remove functionrecipe        recipes.splicerecipes.indexOfrecipe, 1     ,     get functionrecipeId        for var i  0 i lt recipes.length i          if recipes[i].id  parseIntrecipeId            return recipes[i]                       return null         codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltionview viewtitlerecipe.namegt   ltioncontent classpaddinggt     ltimg ngsrcrecipe.face stylewidth 64px height 64pxgt     lth2gtrecipe.namelth2gt     ltpgtYou Have recipe.quantityltpgt     ltpgtTakes recipe.milkCost Milkltpgt     ltpgtSells for recipe.sellPrice Eachltpgt     ltbutton id  recipeButtongtBuyltbuttongt   ltioncontentgt ltionviewgtcodepre div div p
Negative 3262 pIm looking to track shares of a range of links of my site. There are two tricky things here, thoughp  pFor one, the links could span multiple domains so using the FB.ui share dialog and tracking the callback is out.p  pSecond, links are specific to users for my sitep  pSo, an example url might be a hrefhttpexample.comshareuniqueidgoeshere relnofollowhttpexample.comshareuniqueidgoeshereap  pI know theres a Graph API query parameter id but thatd only track one of the URLs and Id like to avoid sending potentially hundreds of requests at the API all at once to get back sharing info.p  pIs there anyway to do a wildcard search Im open to other suggestions as wellp
Negative 3262 pActually i wants to upload a image file into server folder using jqueryjavascript and without using any severside scripting. is it possible pls guide mep
Negative 3262 pI have a HDD with a 7 bad sectors so  this is most likely reason  but odds are strangep  pI found that if I have a yii2 setup with codeception 56 times today the contents disappear and I have to run p  precodephp composer.phar update codepre  pSo to circumnavigate this I did as root ap  precodechattr R i vendorcodeception codepre  pNot sure what I am doing  I just run codecept runcode each time and again but the dir just goes away. p  pSo either Ive been hacked and someone is messing with me or I am doing something stupidp  pHas anyone else seen this or am I going madp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to put my queries into transaction and I am failing in runtime. Error I am getting is p  precodeObject ltboundgt has no method transaction codepre  pI tried to follow a hrefhttpsgithub.combalderdashywaterlineissues62 relnofollowthisa documentation.p  pIn short my model looks like that p  precodeupdateOrCreate function profileid, positive,negative    var deferred  Q.defer    Reputation.transaction.findOne.whereprofile profileid.thenfunction rep      if rep         Reputation logic        rep.savefunction err deferred.resolve      else         Reputation does not exist. Create.       Reputation.createprofile profileid, positive positive,negativenegative.execfunction e, rep          deferred.resolve        .failfunction err deferred.reject    return deferred.promise  codepre  pany ideas what did I do wrong p  pthanks.p  pw.p
Negative 3262 pI am using Django with a hrefhttpwww.djangorestframework.orgDjango REST frameworka as a backend and AngularJS on frontend. p  pFor the user management I am using a hrefhttpdjangorestauth.readthedocs.orgenlatestdemo.htmldjangorestautha which uses djangoallauth for the user management. As the base I used demo from djangorestauth.p  pThe problem is after the sign up when you try to verify the email it sends email with activation url code127.0.0.18000accountconfirmemailyhca8kmijle0ia7k3p7ztbvnd2n1xepn9kyeuaycmlzll5xw19ubjarnvjrot7eucodep  pwhere code127.0.0.18000code is the Django backend. p  pBut in my case it should send url something like codelocalhost9000verifyEmailakv2dcvrfnk9ex5fho9jk0xx1ggtpfazmi8sfsoi2sbscoezywfp7kzcyqnizrc0code. So that this verification will be done from frontend, where codelocalhost9000code is my AngularJS frontend.p  pIs there any way of customizing activateurl on djangoallauth p
Negative 3262 pIn Postgres, I have a historical table for a subway system that has this structurep  precodeCREATE TABLE stophistory      stopid character varying,     routeid character varying,     nextstopid character varying  codepre  pIm trying to figure out For a stop and route, what is the most common next stopp  pWhat I would need to do is Group by stop, routes and next stop, and get the count of those groups. For each of those groups, get the group with the highest count for each stopid and routeid combination.p  pHow would I write a postgres query like this, and what indexes should I place on this table to maximize performancep  pOne of the challenges Im running into is not being able to use codecountcode or codemaxcountcode in a where clause.p  pWith sample datap  precodeINSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 101N, 1, NULL INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 102N, 1, 101N INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 103N, 1, 102N INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 104N, 1, 103N INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 104N, 1, 103N INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 104N, 1, 102N INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 104N, 1, 103N INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 104N, 1, 102N INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 101N, D, NULL INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 102N, D, 101N INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 102N, D, 101N INSERT INTO stophistory VALUES 102N, D, NULL codepre  pExpected output isp  precodeStop  Route  Most common Next Stop  Frequency 101N 1 NULL 1 102N 1 101N 1 103N 1 102N 1 104N 1 103N 3 101N D NULL 1 102N D 101N 2 codepre
Negative 3262 pI want to analyze a stream object in a PDF file which is encoded using codeFlateDecodecode.p  pAre there any tools which allow one to decode such encoding ASCII85decode, LZWDecode, RunlenghtDecode etc. used in PDFsp  pThe stream content is most likely a PE file structure, which the PDF probably will use later in the exploit.p  pAlso, there are two codexrefcode tables in the PDF, that is alright but also two EOF which follow the codexrefcode. p  pIs the presence of these allright Note The second codexrefcode points to the 1st codexrefcode using the codeprevcode name.p  pstrongthis codexrefcode refers to the second codexrefcodestrongp  pre xref  5 6 0000000618 00000 n 0000000658 00000 n 0000000701 00000 n 0000000798 00000 n 0000045112 00000 n 0000045219 00000 n 1 1 0000045753 00000 n 3 1 0000045838 00000 n trailer  startxref 46090 EOF pre  hr  pstrongthe second codexrefcodestrongp  pre xref 0 5 0000000000 65535 f 0000000010 00000 n 0000000067 00000 n 0000000136 00000 n 0000000373 00000 n trailer  startxref 429 EOF pre
Negative 3262 precodestruct student       char            sname      struct studentid   sid       Number of references to this student.      unsigned int         sref       Transcript singlylinked list, NULL terminator.      struct transcriptentry stranscript       Whether or not this student has completed hisher program.      studentcomplete     scomplete   struct student studentgradcreateconst char name, sizet namelen,     struct studentid, int phd  struct student studentundergradcreateconst char name, sizet namelen,     struct studentid codepre  pThere are three kinds of student, strongmaster student and phd student and undergrad studentstrong.I need to implement a function that calledp  precodeint studentaddentrystruct student , struct transcriptentry  codepre  pI dont know how I can determine the student typep  pshould I do the followingp  precodeint studentaddentrystruct student undergradcreate, struct transcriptentry  int studentaddentrystruct student gradcreate, struct transcriptentry  codepre  pthanks.p
Negative 3262 pIm using this library for the first time, maybe Im making some stupid mistake but Im stuck.p  pI am using Play Framework 2.0 to serve regula 1.3.3 like thisp  precodeltscript srcroutes.Assets.versionedjavascriptsregula1.3.3.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt codepre  pThen I have p  precodeltinput typetext nameage idage dataconstraintsRangemin18, max65 gt codepre  pPlease Note that the  is required because of the Play Framework Template, however the Browser sees the same line like this p  precodeltinput typetext nameage idage dataconstraintsRangemin18, max65gt codepre  pand p  precode    document.body.onchange,input, function event          var constraintViolations  regula.validate             elements [document.getElementByIdage]               codepre  pOn the Consolep  precodeUncaught IllegalArgumentException No constraints have been bound to the specified elements age. Function received elements [[object HTMLInputElement]], elementIds [age] codepre  pIf I add another elementp  precodeltinput typetext nameemail idemail valueformemail.value dataconstraintsEmail gt codepre  pand change the validation code top  precode    document.body.onchange,input, function event          var constraintViolations  regula.validate             elements [document.getElementByIdage, document.getElementByIdemail]               codepre  pI getp  precodeUncaught TypeError Cannot read property id of null codepre  pI also tried calling regula.validate whenever a input field changes but this simple returns a empty array every time. p  pWhat am I doing wrongp  pThanks for your help.p
Negative 3262 pIm new to emberembercli and am slowly getting my head around the immense learning curve...  I have come across an issue I was hoping someone could advise me on...p  pI have an App that displays a contact and then places tabbed content underneath the contact details, one tab contains some notes info the other some site locations info.p  pI essentially have a Bootstrap Tabbed section to my page.  With currently two Tabs labelled Sites  and Notes.  The idea being if you click Notes, you see content from the Notes pod and if you click Sites you see content from the Sites Pod.p  pTo do this i am naming my outlets e.g.p  precodeoutlet sitestab codepre  pandp  precodeoutlet notestab codepre  pi.e.p  precodeemtabs selectedidxtabidx         emtablist             emtabSitesemtab             emtabNotesemtab             emtab...emtab         emtablist         emtabpanel             outlet sitestab         emtabpanel         emtabpanel             outlet notestab         emtabpanel         emtabpanel             ltpgtFuture Useltpgt         emtabpanel emtabs codepre  pand usingp  precoderenderTemplate function          this.render               into contacts.show,     the template to render into               outlet notestab        the name of the outlet in that template                codepre  pin the two pods routes to place the content in the right place.p  pif i use the urls manually e.gp  precodecontacts5961168002383609856sites contacts5961168002383609856notes codepre  pThen the content is rendered into the relevant Tab and the other is empty.p  peach pod structure is along the lines ofp  precodeapppodsnotesformtemplate.hbs  apppodsnoteseditcontroller.js apppodsnoteseditroute.js apppodsnotesedittemplate.hbs  apppodsnotesindexcontroller.js apppodsnotesindexroute.js apppodsnotesindextemplate.hbs  apppodsnotesnewcontroller.js apppodsnotesnewroute.js apppodsnotesnewtemplate.hbs  apppodsnotesshowcontroller.js apppodsnotesshowroute.js apppodsnotesshowtemplate.hbs  apppodsnotesbasecontroller.js apppodsnotesroute.js codepre  pcan you think of what would make embercli render both contents into each outlet on the same pagep  pmy approuter.js containsp  precodeRouter.mapfunction      this.resourcecontacts, function          this.routenew         this.routeedit, path contactidedit         this.routeshow, path contactid, function             this.resourcenotes, function                  this.routenew                 this.routeedit, path noteidedit                          this.resourcesites, function                  this.routenew                 this.routeedit, path siteidedit                             codepre  pmany thanks with any help you can suggest.. thanks.p  pEDITp  pOK, as per Sam Selikoff suggestion I tried switching to components, doingp  precodeember generate component contactsites ember generate component contactnotes codepre  pcreated the filesp  precodeappcomponentscontactnotes.js appcomponentscontactsites.js  and  apptemplatescomponentscontactnotes.hbs apptemplatescomponentscontactsites.hbs codepre  pI then moved my template html from codepodsnotesindextemplate.hbscode into codeapptemplatescomponentscontactnotes.hbscodep  pThis with a few tweaks seemed to display the content correctly.  I then moved on to editing a Note.  TO do this I have a button with an action codeaction editNote notecode so had to move my actions from codepodsnotesindexroute.jscode into codeappcomponentscontactnotes.jscodep  pfor examplep  pstrongappcomponentscontactnotes.jsstrongp  precodeimport Ember from ember  export default Ember.Component.extend     actions          newnote functionnote              console.logNEW NOTE, note.contact             this.transitionTonotes.new             return false         ,         editNote functionnote              console.logEdit Note, this             this.transitionTonotes.edit, note             return false                codepre  pbut I cant seem to get the Edit Note Route to work.  I either using codethis.transitionTonotes.edit, notecode  get an error sayingp  precodeDEPRECATION Ember.ViewtransitionTo has been deprecated, it is for internal use only codepre  por if i use codethis.transitionTonotes.edit, notecode I get a different errorp  precodeTypeError currentState is undefined      if currentState.enter  currentState.enterthis  codepre  pany thoughts on how I can get to a route from within a component  thanks.p
Negative 3262 pI created a new Rails application and I have done thisp  ul liI changed the sqlite3 gem to mysql2 and I added unicorn.li liI pushed the application to bitbucketli liI have created the Stack, the Rails Layer and initialise the Instance in OpsWorks, also I have created the App Ruby on rails type and linked it to the bitbucket repository.li ul  pThen when I try to do the first deploy I get the below error p  precode    [20150122T0011160000] INFO Starting chefzero on port 8889 with repository at repository at optawsopsworkscurrent     One version per cookbook     databags at varlibawsopsworksdatadatabags     nodes at varlibawsopsworksdatanodes      [20150122T0011170000] INFO Forking chef instance to converge...     [20150122T0011170000] INFO  Chef 11.10.4      [20150122T0011170000] INFO Chefclient pid 3826     [20150122T0011170000] INFO Setting the runlist to [opsworkscustomcookbooksload, opsworkscustomcookbooksexecute] from JSON     [20150122T0011170000] WARN Run List override has been provided.     [20150122T0011170000] WARN Original Run List [recipe[opsworkscustomcookbooksload], recipe[opsworkscustomcookbooksexecute]]     [20150122T0011170000] WARN Overridden Run List [recipe[opsworkscustomcookbooksload], recipe[opsworkscustomcookbooksexecute]]     [20150122T0011170000] INFO Run List is [recipe[opsworkscustomcookbooksload], recipe[opsworkscustomcookbooksexecute]]     [20150122T0011170000] INFO Run List expands to [opsworkscustomcookbooksload, opsworkscustomcookbooksexecute]     [20150122T0011170000] INFO Starting Chef Run for railsapp1.localdomain     [20150122T0011170000] INFO Running start handlers     [20150122T0011170000] INFO Start handlers complete.     [20150122T0011170000] INFO HTTP Request Returned 404 Not Found Object not found reportsnodesrailsapp1.localdomainruns     [20150122T0011220000] INFO Loading cookbooks [apache2, dependencies, deploy, gemsupport, modphp5apache2, mysql, nginx, opsworksagentmonit, opsworksawsflowruby, opsworksberkshelf, opsworksbundler, opsworkscommons, opsworkscustomcookbooks, opsworksinitialsetup, opsworksjava, opsworksnodejs, opsworksrubygems, packages, passengerapache2, php, rails, ruby, scmhelper, sshusers, unicorn]     [20150122T0011230000] INFO Not needed with Chef 11.x x gt 8 anymore.     [20150122T0011230000] INFO Processing directory[optawsopsworkscurrentsitecookbooks] action delete opsworkscustomcookbooksload line 4     [20150122T0011230000] INFO Processing rubyblock[merge all cookbooks sources] action run opsworkscustomcookbooksload line 12     [20150122T0011230000] INFO rubyblock[merge all cookbooks sources] called     [20150122T0011230000] WARN Skipping final node save because overriderunlist was given     [20150122T0011230000] INFO Chef Run complete in 5.728910816 seconds     [20150122T0011230000] INFO Running report handlers     [20150122T0011230000] INFO Report handlers complete            [20150122T0011230000] INFO Starting chefzero on port 8889 with repository at repository at optawsopsworkscurrent     One version per cookbook     databags at varlibawsopsworksdatadatabags     nodes at varlibawsopsworksdatanodes      [20150122T0011240000] INFO Forking chef instance to converge...     [20150122T0011240000] INFO  Chef 11.10.4      [20150122T0011240000] INFO Chefclient pid 3971     [20150122T0011240000] INFO Setting the runlist to [opsworkscustomcookbooksload, opsworkscustomcookbooksexecute] from JSON     [20150122T0011240000] WARN Run List override has been provided.     [20150122T0011240000] WARN Original Run List [recipe[opsworkscustomcookbooksload], recipe[opsworkscustomcookbooksexecute]]     [20150122T0011240000] WARN Overridden Run List [recipe[deploydefault], recipe[opsworksstackstatesync], recipe[deployrails], recipe[testsuite], recipe[opsworkscleanup]]     [20150122T0011240000] INFO Run List is [recipe[deploydefault], recipe[opsworksstackstatesync], recipe[deployrails], recipe[testsuite], recipe[opsworkscleanup]]     [20150122T0011240000] INFO Run List expands to [deploydefault, opsworksstackstatesync, deployrails, testsuite, opsworkscleanup]     [20150122T0011240000] INFO Starting Chef Run for railsapp1.localdomain     [20150122T0011240000] INFO Running start handlers     [20150122T0011240000] INFO Start handlers complete.     [20150122T0011240000] INFO HTTP Request Returned 404 Not Found Object not found reportsnodesrailsapp1.localdomainruns     [20150122T0011290000] INFO Loading cookbooks [apache2, dependencies, deploy, gemsupport, modphp5apache2, mysql, nginx, opsworksagentmonit, opsworksawsflowruby, opsworksbundler, opsworkscleanup, opsworkscommons, opsworksinitialsetup, opsworksjava, opsworksnodejs, opsworksrubygems, opsworksstackstatesync, packages, passengerapache2, php, rails, ruby, scmhelper, sshusers, testsuite, unicorn]     ...removed some code for stackoverflow body limitation      [20150122T0011320000] INFO file[homedeploy.sshconfig] updated atime and mtime to 20150122 001132 0000     [20150122T0011320000] INFO Processing execute[echo StrictHostKeyChecking no gt homedeploy.sshconfig] action run deployrails line 23     [20150122T0011320000] INFO execute[echo StrictHostKeyChecking no gt homedeploy.sshconfig] ran successfully     [20150122T0011320000] INFO Processing template[homedeploy.sshiddsa] action create deployrails line 27     [20150122T0011320000] INFO template[homedeploy.sshiddsa] created file homedeploy.sshiddsa     [20150122T0011320000] INFO template[homedeploy.sshiddsa] updated file contents homedeploy.sshiddsa     [20150122T0011320000] INFO template[homedeploy.sshiddsa] owner changed to 4000     [20150122T0011320000] INFO template[homedeploy.sshiddsa] group changed to 497     [20150122T0011320000] INFO template[homedeploy.sshiddsa] mode changed to 600     [20150122T0011320000] INFO Processing directory[srvwwwariadnasharedcachedcopy] action delete deployrails line 48     [20150122T0011320000] INFO Processing rubyblock[change HOME to homedeploy for source checkout] action run deployrails line 56     [20150122T0011320000] INFO rubyblock[change HOME to homedeploy for source checkout] called     [20150122T0011320000] INFO Processing deploy[srvwwwariadna] action deploy deployrails line 65     [20150122T0011340000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] cloning repo gitbitbucket.orgviktorpr7ariadnabeta.git to srvwwwariadnasharedcachedcopy     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] checked out branch master onto deploy reference 6450219b5689de565864424e4fe48da22700e088     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] synchronizing git submodules     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] enabling git submodules     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] set user to deploy     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] set group to nginx     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] copied the cached checkout to srvwwwariadnareleases20150122001132     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] set user to deploy     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] set group to nginx     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] running callback beforemigrate     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] created directories before symlinking tmp,public,config     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] linked shared paths into current release system gt publicsystem, pids gt tmppids, log gt log     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] made premigration symlinks     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] set user to deploy     [20150122T0011360000] INFO deploy[srvwwwariadna] set group to nginx     [20150122T0011360000] INFO Gemfile detected. Running bundle install.     [20150122T0011360000] INFO sudo su  deploy c cd srvwwwariadnareleases20150122001132 ampamp usrlocalbinbundle install path homedeploy.bundlerariadna withouttest development           Error executing action deploy on resource deploy[srvwwwariadna]            MixlibShellOutShellCommandFailed          Expected process to exit with [0], but received 5      Begin output of sudo su  deploy c cd srvwwwariadnareleases20150122001132 ampamp usrlocalbinbundle install path homedeploy.bundlerariadna withouttest development 2gtamp1      STDOUT Fetching gem metadata from httpsrubygems.org...........     Installing rake 10.4.2     Installing i18n 0.7.0     Installing json 1.8.2     Installing minitest 5.5.1     Installing threadsafe 0.3.4     Installing tzinfo 1.2.2     Installing activesupport 4.1.9     Installing builder 3.2.2     Installing erubis 2.7.0     Installing actionview 4.1.9     Installing rack 1.5.2     Installing racktest 0.6.3     Installing actionpack 4.1.9     Installing mimetypes 2.4.3     Installing mail 2.6.3     Installing actionmailer 4.1.9     Installing activemodel 4.1.9     Installing arel 5.0.1.20140414130214     Installing activerecord 4.1.9     Installing coffeescriptsource 1.8.0     Installing execjs 2.2.2     Installing coffeescript 2.3.0     Installing thor 0.19.1     Installing railties 4.1.9     Installing coffeerails 4.0.1     Installing hike 1.2.3     Installing multijson 1.10.1     Installing jbuilder 2.2.6     Installing jqueryrails 3.1.2     Installing kgio 2.9.2      GemExtBuildError ERROR Failed to build gem native extension.      usrlocalbinruby extconf.rb      checking for rubythread.h... yes     checking for rbthreadcallwithoutgvl in rubythread.h... yes     checking for rbthreadblockingregion... yes     checking for rbwaitforsinglefd... yes     checking for rbhashdup... yes     checking for rbintern3... yes     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no     checking for main in lm... yes     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no     checking for main in lz... yes     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no     checking for main in lsocket... no     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no     checking for main in lnsl... yes     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no     checking for main in lmygcc... no     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no      extconf.rb failed      Could not create Makefile due to some reason, probably lack of necessary     libraries andor headers.  Check the mkmf.log file for more details.  You may     need configuration options.      Provided configuration options     withoptdir     withoutoptdir     withoptinclude     withoutoptincludeoptdirinclude     withoptlib     withoutoptliboptdirlib     withmakeprog     withoutmakeprog     srcdir.     curdir     rubyusrlocalbinruby     withmysqldir     withoutmysqldir     withmysqlinclude     withoutmysqlincludemysqldirinclude     withmysqllib     withoutmysqllibmysqldirlib     withmysqlconfig     withoutmysqlconfig     withmysqldir     withoutmysqldir     withmysqlinclude     withoutmysqlincludemysqldirinclude     withmysqllib     withoutmysqllibmysqldirlib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib     withmlib     withoutmlib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib     withzlib     withoutzlib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib     withsocketlib     withoutsocketlib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib     withnsllib     withoutnsllib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib     withmygcclib     withoutmygcclib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib      extconf failed, exit code 1      Gem files will remain installed in homedeploy.bundlerariadnaruby2.1.0gemsmysql20.3.16 for inspection.     Results logged to homedeploy.bundlerariadnaruby2.1.0extensionsx8664linux2.1.0mysql20.3.16gemmake.out     An error occurred while installing mysql2 0.3.16, and Bundler cannot continue.     Make sure that gem install mysql2 v 0.3.16 succeeds before bundling.     STDERR       End output of sudo su  deploy c cd srvwwwariadnareleases20150122001132 ampamp usrlocalbinbundle install path homedeploy.bundlerariadna withouttest development 2gtamp1      Ran sudo su  deploy c cd srvwwwariadnareleases20150122001132 ampamp usrlocalbinbundle install path homedeploy.bundlerariadna withouttest development 2gtamp1 returned 5       Cookbook Trace          varlibawsopsworkscache.stage2cookbooksopsworkscommonslibrariesshellout.rb8in shellout     varlibawsopsworkscache.stage2cookbooksrailslibrariesrailsconfiguration.rb41in bundle     varlibawsopsworkscache.stage2cookbooksdeploydefinitionsopsworksdeploy.rb105in block 3 levels in fromfile       Resource Declaration           In varlibawsopsworkscache.stage2cookbooksdeploydefinitionsopsworksdeploy.rb      65     deploy deploy[deployto] do     66       provider ChefProviderDeploy.constgetdeploy[chefprovider]     67       keepreleases deploy[keepreleases]     68       repository deploy[scm][repository]     69       user deploy[user]     70       group deploy[group]     71       revision deploy[scm][revision]     72       migrate deploy[migrate]     73       migrationcommand deploy[migratecommand]     74       environment deploy[environment].tohash     75       purgebeforesymlinkdeploy[purgebeforesymlink] unless deploy[purgebeforesymlink].nil     76       createdirsbeforesymlinkdeploy[createdirsbeforesymlink]     77       symlinkbeforemigratedeploy[symlinkbeforemigrate]     78       symlinksdeploy[symlinks] unless deploy[symlinks].nil     79       action deploy[action]     80      81       if deploy[applicationtype]  rails ampamp node[opsworks][instance][layers].includerailsapp     82         restartcommand sleep deploy[sleepbeforerestart] ampamp node[opsworks][railsstack][restartcommand]     83       end     84         Compiled Resource           Declared in varlibawsopsworkscache.stage2cookbooksdeploydefinitionsopsworksdeploy.rb65in block in fromfile      deploysrvwwwariadna do     params deploydatagtdeploytogtsrvwwwariadna, chefprovidergtTimestamped, keepreleasesgt5, currentpathgtsrvwwwariadnacurrent, documentrootgtpublic, ignorebundlergroupsgt[test, development], absolutedocumentrootgtsrvwwwariadnacurrentpublic, rakegtusrlocalbinrake, migrategttrue, migratecommandgtif [ f Gemfile ] then echo OpsWorks Gemfile found  running migration with bundle exec ampamp usrlocalbinbundle exec usrlocalbinrake dbmigrate else echo OpsWorks no Gemfile  running plain migrations ampamp usrlocalbinrake dbmigrate fi, railsenvgtproduction, actiongtdeploy, usergtdeploy, groupgtnginx, shellgtbinbash, homegthomedeploy, sleepbeforerestartgt0, stackgtneedsreloadgttrue, enablesubmodulesgttrue, shallowclonegtfalse, deletecachedcopygttrue, purgebeforesymlinkgt[log, tmppids, publicsystem], createdirsbeforesymlinkgt[tmp, public, config], symlinkbeforemigrategtconfigdatabase.ymlgtconfigdatabase.yml, configmemcached.ymlgtconfigmemcached.yml, symlinksgtsystemgtpublicsystem, pidsgttmppids, loggtlog, environmentgtRAILSENVgtproduction, RUBYOPTgt, RACKENVgtproduction, HOMEgthomedeploy, environmentvariablesgt, sslsupportgtfalse, autonpminstallondeploygttrue, nodejsgtrestartcommandgtmonit restart nodewebappariadna, stopcommandgtmonit stop nodewebappariadna, portgt80, applicationgtariadna, applicationtypegtrails, autobundleondeploygttrue, deployingusergtarnawsiam673556511701root, domainsgt[ariadna], mountedatgtnil, restartcommandgtnil, sslcertificategtnil, sslcertificatekeygtnil, sslcertificatecagtnil, scmgtscmtypegtgit, repositorygtgitbitbucket.orgviktorpr7ariadnabeta.git, revisiongtmaster, sshkeygtBEGIN RSA PRIVATE 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 RSA PRIVATE KEY, usergtnil, passwordgtnil, databasegt, memcachedgthostgtnil, portgt11211, appgtariadna, namegtnil     provider ChefProviderDeployTimestamped     action [deploy]     updated true     updatedbylastaction true     retries 0     retrydelay 2     deployto srvwwwariadna     environment RAILSENVgtproduction, RUBYOPTgt, RACKENVgtproduction, HOMEgthomedeploy     repositorycache cachedcopy     purgebeforesymlink [log, tmppids, publicsystem]     createdirsbeforesymlink [tmp, public, config]     symlinkbeforemigrate configdatabase.ymlgtconfigdatabase.yml, configmemcached.ymlgtconfigmemcached.yml     symlinks systemgtpublicsystem, pidsgttmppids, loggtlog     revision master     migrate true     remote origin     enablesubmodules true     scmprovider ChefProviderGit     keepreleases 5     enablecheckout true     checkoutbranch deploy     cookbookname deploy     recipename rails     repo gitbitbucket.orgviktorpr7ariadnabeta.git     user deploy     group nginx     migrationcommand if [ f Gemfile ] then echo OpsWorks Gemfile found  running migration with bundle exec ampamp usrlocalbinbundle exec usrlocalbinrake dbmigrate else echo OpsWorks no Gemfile  running plain migrations ampamp usrlocalbinrake dbmigrate fi     restartcommand sleep 0 ampamp ....sharedscriptsunicorn cleanrestart     beforemigrate ltProc0x007f21fcfabcc8varlibawsopsworkscache.stage2cookbooksdeploydefinitionsopsworksdeploy.rb100gt     sharedpath srvwwwariadnashared     destination srvwwwariadnasharedcachedcopy     currentpath srvwwwariadnacurrent     end        [20150122T0012050000] INFO Running queued delayed notifications before reraising exception     [20150122T0012050000] ERROR Running exception handlers     [20150122T0012050000] ERROR Exception handlers complete     [20150122T0012050000] FATAL Stacktrace dumped to varlibawsopsworkscache.stage2chefstacktrace.out     [20150122T0012050000] ERROR deploy[srvwwwariadna] deployrails line 65 had an error MixlibShellOutShellCommandFailed Expected process to exit with [0], but received 5      Begin output of sudo su  deploy c cd srvwwwariadnareleases20150122001132 ampamp usrlocalbinbundle install path homedeploy.bundlerariadna withouttest development 2gtamp1      STDOUT Fetching gem metadata from httpsrubygems.org...........     Installing rake 10.4.2     Installing i18n 0.7.0     Installing json 1.8.2     Installing minitest 5.5.1     Installing threadsafe 0.3.4     Installing tzinfo 1.2.2     Installing activesupport 4.1.9     Installing builder 3.2.2     Installing erubis 2.7.0     Installing actionview 4.1.9     Installing rack 1.5.2     Installing racktest 0.6.3     Installing actionpack 4.1.9     Installing mimetypes 2.4.3     Installing mail 2.6.3     Installing actionmailer 4.1.9     Installing activemodel 4.1.9     Installing arel 5.0.1.20140414130214     Installing activerecord 4.1.9     Installing coffeescriptsource 1.8.0     Installing execjs 2.2.2     Installing coffeescript 2.3.0     Installing thor 0.19.1     Installing railties 4.1.9     Installing coffeerails 4.0.1     Installing hike 1.2.3     Installing multijson 1.10.1     Installing jbuilder 2.2.6     Installing jqueryrails 3.1.2     Installing kgio 2.9.2      GemExtBuildError ERROR Failed to build gem native extension.      usrlocalbinruby extconf.rb      checking for rubythread.h... yes     checking for rbthreadcallwithoutgvl in rubythread.h... yes     checking for rbthreadblockingregion... yes     checking for rbwaitforsinglefd... yes     checking for rbhashdup... yes     checking for rbintern3... yes     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no     checking for main in lm... yes     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no     checking for main in lz... yes     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no     checking for main in lsocket... no     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no     checking for main in lnsl... yes     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no     checking for main in lmygcc... no     checking for mysqlquery in lmysqlclient... no      extconf.rb failed      Could not create Makefile due to some reason, probably lack of necessary     libraries andor headers.  Check the mkmf.log file for more details.  You may     need configuration options.      Provided configuration options     withoptdir     withoutoptdir     withoptinclude     withoutoptincludeoptdirinclude     withoptlib     withoutoptliboptdirlib     withmakeprog     withoutmakeprog     srcdir.     curdir     rubyusrlocalbinruby     withmysqldir     withoutmysqldir     withmysqlinclude     withoutmysqlincludemysqldirinclude     withmysqllib     withoutmysqllibmysqldirlib     withmysqlconfig     withoutmysqlconfig     withmysqldir     withoutmysqldir     withmysqlinclude     withoutmysqlincludemysqldirinclude     withmysqllib     withoutmysqllibmysqldirlib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib     withmlib     withoutmlib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib     withzlib     withoutzlib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib     withsocketlib     withoutsocketlib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib     withnsllib     withoutnsllib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib     withmygcclib     withoutmygcclib     withmysqlclientlib     withoutmysqlclientlib      extconf failed, exit code 1      Gem files will remain installed in homedeploy.bundlerariadnaruby2.1.0gemsmysql20.3.16 for inspection.     Results logged to homedeploy.bundlerariadnaruby2.1.0extensionsx8664linux2.1.0mysql20.3.16gemmake.out     An error occurred while installing mysql2 0.3.16, and Bundler cannot continue.     Make sure that gem install mysql2 v 0.3.16 succeeds before bundling.     STDERR       End output of sudo su  deploy c cd srvwwwariadnareleases20150122001132 ampamp usrlocalbinbundle install path homedeploy.bundlerariadna withouttest development 2gtamp1      Ran sudo su  deploy c cd srvwwwariadnareleases20150122001132 ampamp usrlocalbinbundle install path homedeploy.bundlerariadna withouttest development 2gtamp1 returned 5     [20150122T0012050000] FATAL ChefExceptionsChildConvergeError Chef run process exited unsuccessfully exit code 1 codepre  pUpdatedp  pIm using Ubuntu 14.04, I added the libmysqlclientdev but still the same error when I try deploy, here you can see the Layer configurationp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com5F8h6.png altenter image description herep  pI needed to restart the instancep
Negative 3262 pI am getting the below error in my ColdFusion application p  blockquote   p1121 112343 Debug [scheduler1]  Next mail spool run in 15   seconds. java.lang.RuntimeException Request timed out waiting for an   available thread to run. You may want to consider increasing the   number of active threads in the thread poolp blockquote  p I know ColdFusion apps with high volume sites or long running templates may receive the mentioned error. I believe this is not a defect in the application but a problem  in CF itself. So to eliminate this I was trying to increase the strongMaximum number of running JRun threadsstrong under Server Settings  Request Tuning. But I was surprised to see that the whole field is missing there in the Admin  strongJRun Master Request Limitsstrong. please refer the screen shot below. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDfNfR.png altenter image description here And the same field is available in my local CF Admindeveloper edition. See screen shot belowp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comvHO5i.png altenter image description herep  pAny idea Why this discrepancy And how should I increase the threadsp
Negative 3262 pI would like to loop through a list of dataframes and change the column names I want each of the columns to have the same name Does anyone have a solution using the following datap  precodedf lt data.framex  110, y  211, z  312 df2 lt data.framex  110, y  211, z  312 df3 lt data.framex  110, y  211, z  312  x lt listdf, df2, df3 codepre  pEither using a for loop or apply  Would actually love to see both if possiblep  pThanks, Benp
Negative 3262 pas a beginner in C, I am struggling with an obscure problem and because I couldnt find a solution to this particular problem I want to ask you the following Currently I am trying to understand void pointers and their arithmetic operations. I attempted to write a stronggeneric functionstrong, which accepts a void pointer to an array, the length of the array and size of one element and splits the given array into two different parts list1 and list2p  precodevoid splitvoid array, int arrlen, int objsize   divide the arrlen and save the values     int lenlist1  arrlen  2     int lenlist2  arrlen  lenlist1   Allocate memory for two temporary lists     void list1  voidmallocobjsize  lenlist1     void list2  voidmallocobjsize  lenlist2      if list1  NULL  list2  NULL              printf[ERROR]n         exit1        list1 gets initialized properly with int and char elements     memmovelist1, array, lenlist1objsize                printflist1      printarrlist1, lenlist1   memmovecharlist2, chararraylist1length, list2lengthobjsize      memmovelist2, intarraylenlist1, lenlist2objsize     printflist2     printarrlist2, lenlist2  codepre  pMy problem is the following If I give this function an int array it will work fine, but if I call split with a char array as an argument, I have to...p  precodememmovecharlist2, chararraylist1length, list2lengthobjsize memmoveintlist2, chararraylist1length, list2lengthobjsize codepre  pcomment line  out, in order to have the same results. A solution certainly could be to write an ifelse condition and test the objsizep  precodeif objsize  sizeofint      move memory as in the 1st code snippet else      move memory with the int cast codepre  pBut with this solution I would also have to check other data types, so it would be very kind of you to give me a hint.p  pThanksp  pmatzuip
Negative 3262 pIm trying to make an AJAX add to cart button for WooCommerce on the product pages, with variable products. Its possible to add a product to cart using AJAX by doing the following in jQueryp  precodevar data        action woocommerceaddtocart,      productid pid,      quantity quantity     .post wpadminadminajax.php, data, function response         if   response           return    codepre  pHowever Im trying to adapt this to also work for variable products on the product page, not the archive page and this is what I have so farp  precodevar params   pasize500gresealablepouch, paflavourchocolate   var variationParams  .param params    var data        action woocommerceaddtocart,      productid pid,      quantity quantity,      variationid varid,      variation variationParams     .post wpadminadminajax.php, data, function response         if   response           return    codepre  pAll this does is adds the product to the cart but it ignores the variation, so doesnt put Size X, Flavour Y into the basketp  pI know Im supposed to send an array to the woocommerceaddtocart function, but I cant figure out how to send the associative array via AJAX. Ive read a bit about .param but it doesnt seem to work.p  pNote that I want to use this function rather than post to the addtocarturl because that method makes it ouput Product added to cart messages all over the place.p
Negative 3262 pI have a custom class for which Ive implemented the NSCoder protocol. My intended data model is to store an array of these custom classes in NSUserDefaults. I encode it as NSData and store it in an array, which I store in NSUserDefaults. However when I retrieve the stored data from NSUserDefaults the array does not contain the values I initially set. Here is an example, a couple lines of code, some there explicitly for debuggingp  precodelet values  Subjectname self.name.text, instructor self.instructor.text, time self.time.date, assignmentsnil Create my custom class let archivedValues  NSKeyedArchiver.archivedDataWithRootObjectvalues Archive as NSData var testarr  [archivedValues] Store as ArrayltNSDatagt NSUserDefaults.standardUserDefaults.setObjecttestarr, forKey subjects Commit to NSUserDefaults var subjectArray  NSUserDefaults.standardUserDefaults.arrayForKeysubjects as ArrayltNSDatagt Retrieve array codepre  pHowever the contents of these two arrays are different. The printed descriptionp  precodePrinting description of testarr [NSData] testarr  1 value  [0]  0x00007f9998e89440 445 bytes  Printing description of subjectArray [NSData] subjectArray  1 value  [0]  lterror use of undeclared identifier cocoarr error 1 errors parsing expression gt codepre  pThe retrieved subjectArray seems to imply an error that occurred. However, it is an error I dont understand.p
Negative 3262 pI am new to Sails.js and OrientDB. I am trying to figure out how to create a model that has multiple edges using the a hrefhttpswww.npmjs.compackagesailsorientdb relnofollowsailsorientDBa adapter.p  pI have a vehicle model that stores basic vehicle information and a vehicle colorp  precodemodule.exports     schema true,   tableName Vehicle,   attributes      id        type string,       primaryKey true,       columnName rid     ,     make        type string,       unique false,       required true     ,     model        type string,       unique false,       required true     ,     year        type int,       int true,       unique false,       required true     ,     color        collection VehicleColor,       via color,       edge vehicleColor            codepre  pAnd a vehicle Color Modelp  precodemodule.exports     schema true,   tableName VehicleColor,   attributes      id        type string,       primaryKey true,       columnName rid     ,     name        type string,       unique true,       required true     ,     hexCode        type string,       hexColor true          codepre  pI want each Vehicle to be able to have multiple colors. For Examplep  ul liVehicleA  Red li liVehicleA  Blue li liVehicleA  Yellowli ul  pThe documentation shows how to set up a one to one relation, but I cant figure out the correct way to do one to many, or many to many. I looked into using this adapter npmjs.compackagewaterlineorientdb  but that looks like it negates the benefits github.comappscotwaterlineorientdbissues29 of using a graph Database. p  pWould I simply create an edge model like p  precodemodule.exports     schema true,   tableName VehicleColor,   attributes      vehicleID        type string,           ,      colorID        type string,           ,     codepre  pAnd then in my model store an array of those edges Is there a better way to do this Thanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 precodecheck1ltrimpala.queryselect  from sum2 Error in .jcallRJavaTools, LjavalangObject, invokeMethod, cl,      java.sql.SQLException Method not supported codepre  pdimsum2 is 49501 rows and 18 columns.p  precodecheck1ltrimpala.queryselect from sum3 codepre  pdimsum3 is 102 rows and 6 columns.p  pIt worked with smaller sample size.p  psorry that I cant reproduce example to this. Is anyone encounter the same problem with larger data size Any idea to solve this Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pIs there a way by which the codecfoutputcode can select all columns from the table and display on the webpage using a HTML table I have a database table with a large number of columns, and I do not want to list out each column name in either codecfquerycode or codecfoutputcode part of the cfm webpage.p  pExample Lets say Table1 has 26 columns  codeA,B,C,D,E....X,Y,Zcode. I wish not to specify these column names explicity, in codecfoutputcode while building the HTML table. Instead prefer to dynamically build the table so that all columns that are in codeTable1code are presented as a table. p  precodeltCFQUERY NAMEquery1 DATASOURCEabcdgt select a,b,c,....,x,y,x from table1 ltCFQUERYgt codepre  pNow in the table part of webpagep  precodeltTABLEgt                     ltTRgt                          ltTHgtAltTHgt                          ltTHgtBltTHgt                         ltTHgt..ltTHgt                         ltTHgtYltTHgt                         ltTHgtZltTHgt                     ltTRgt                         ltCFOUTPUT queryquery1gt                     ltTR aligncentergt                         ltTDgtaltTDgt                         ltTDgtbltTDgt                         ltTDgt...ltTDgt                         ltTDgtyltTDgt                                                 ltTDgtzltTDgt                                             ltTRgt                     ltCFOUTPUTgt                 ltTABLEgt codepre  pMy actual tables would have quite a large number of columns. It would be easy to build the table dynamically rather than manually listing it. Any suggestions, much appreciatedp
Negative 3262 pI am really new to web programming, and recently I started learning Javascript. I read a debate about where to put javascript, at top or at bottom. The top supporters emphasised that a slow loading is better than broken page since lack of js makes some of the features unfunctional the bottom supporters focused more on the loading speed, and argued that broken function could be warned by using css, which must get to load at the beginning. However, all the debate Ive seen was at least 2 years posts talking about this on SO was around a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1638670javascriptatbottomtopofwebpage20092010a, the latest ive seen is around a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9814301isitpracticallygoodtoputjsfilesatthebottomofwebpage2012a from now, and html5 introduces new async and defer attribute to  tag in recent years. So my questions arep  pWhere is the best place to put your js, top or bottom strongusing the current technology, i.e. with async and deferstrong If it depends, what kind of situation should you put js at the top bottom, and what kind of js should you put at the topbottomp  pThanks very muchp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to write a template function to help with accessing classes stored in a tree structure a Qt model as it happens, but that isnt important. Every item in the tree is derived from the same class, but there are two branches of derived class, each with their own types.  Ill use an analogy, say I have a base class Vehicle, and two main subclasses LandVehicle and SeaVehicle. LandVehicles have subclasses with a LandVehicle type function returning a class specific type enum, landvehicletypee, say car, truck, skateboard, as do SeaVehicles with seavehicletypee boat, jetski, etc. I.e a Truck is a subclass of LandVehicle which is a subclass of Vehicle.p  pI need a function to pull every car from the tree, or every SeaVehicle. I am trying to do this with template functions, avoiding the type enums, instead using the typeinfo function.p  pMy plan of attack has been to create a template function as followsp  precodetemplate classlt Tgt QListltQStandardItemgt MyModelvehiclesT vehicletype     ltiterating over tree items which have a function to return stored datagt           T  data  dynamiccastltTgt itemgtvehicle      iftypeinfodata  typeinfovehicletype              ltadd to list of return valuesgt            codepre  pIm now doubtful this will work as I intend it to. For instance, can I use a function like thisp  precodeQListltQStandardItemgt vehiclesltVehiclegtVehicle myVehicle codepre  pAnd pass it a subclass of Vehicle such as Truck, and expect it to return a list of Trucks because the typeinfo of the Vehicle passed in will be equivalent to Truck Or since my template type is Vehicle, will it return a list of every Vehicle, since the typeinfo of Vehicle will be equivalent to Vehicle p  pIt seems to me that if the templates are expanded using Vehicle then the latter would be true. If this is the case, can you suggest a better way to handle this situation without relying on switch statements I am trying to rework a current system which in the above analogy only has to deal with LandVehicles, and uses the type function to decide what to return. I would like a way to handle arbitrary subclasses of Vehicle without needing to code for each new type. p  pTo clarify the question sorry Barry, I would like a single function that I can pass any subclass of Vehicle, which will return all other items in the tree of that same subclass type. I am trying to avoid having to code separately for each derived type. p
Negative 3262 pMy Asp.Net MVC 5 application loads content articles, news, etc from a remote SaaS product that offers the writing room using API calls so I dont have to deal with it myself.p  pAt first we were going to load this data on a percall basis, but since the data changes once a day or less articles are not added all the time I decided to load everything up front using lazy load so when the first call comes in ALL content entities are loaded and cached using MemoryCache.p  pRight now we have about 20 different entities with about 1000 total instances so its not a big deal regarding the cache size. However, in order to load all these instances I need to make about 80 remote calls and some logic to mix related content like emonce all articles are loaded, loop through them so their RelatedArticles properties are filledem.p  pMy problem right now is that when the application is deployed causing app pool to flush everything or started locally the initial load time is huge from 60 to 120 seconds. p  pIm sure I have some local optimizations I can do to reduce the load time by improving some of the content mixing logic, but my biggest question is strongshould I continue to use lazy load when bringing this data in or should I use a different pattern to try to make this betterstrongp
Negative 3262 pi have a menu in the left and i want the sitecontent resize by changing the screen size. actually like in a hrefhttpsmyspace.com relnofollowhttpsmyspace.comap  pwhat i have now the menu in the left side. this is the codep  precode.mainnavigation  backgroundcolor 000000 borderleft 1px solid cccccc display block float left fontfamily Open Sans Condensed, Helvetica, Arial, sansserif fontweight normal maxwidth 50 position absolute top 85px width 150px height auto textalign right texttransform capitalize  codepre  pthe sitecontent i putted marginleft 150px to put the content after the menu because if not, the content is under the menu.  p  precode.blog .sitecontent, .archive .sitecontent, .search .sitecontent  margin 0 auto maxwidth 885px position relative left 0px marginleft 150px  codepre  pand the article that insidep  precode.blog .sitecontent .hentry, .archive .sitecontent .hentry, .search .sitecontent .hentry  float left margin 0 overflow hidden width 295px height 295px  codepre  pthe mainindex isp  precodegetheader gt  ltdiv idprimary classcontentareagt     ltmain idmain classsitemain rolemaingt      ltphp if  haveposts   gt          ltphp  Start the Loop  gt         ltphp while  haveposts   thepost gt              ltphp                  Include the PostFormatspecific template for the content.                   If you want to override this in a child theme, then include a file                   called content.php where  is the Post Format name and that will be used instead.                                   gettemplatepart content, home              gt          ltphp endwhile gt          ltphp pictoricopagingnav gt      ltphp else  gt          ltphp gettemplatepart content, none  gt      ltphp endif gt      ltmaingtlt main gt ltdivgtlt primary gt  ltphp getfooter gt codepre  pthe navmenu is in the header so the headerp  precodeltphp wphead gt codepre  pp  p p  precodeltheader idmasthead classsiteheader rolebannergt     ltdiv classsiteheaderinnergt         ltdiv classsitebrandinggt             lth1 classsitetitlegtlta hrefltphp echo escurl homeurl    gt relhomegtltphp bloginfo name  gtltagtlth1gt             lth2 classsitedescriptiongtltphp bloginfo description  gtlth2gt         ltdivgt                             ltnav idsitenavigation classmainnavigation rolenavigationgt             lth1 classmenutogglegtltspan classscreenreadertextgtltphp e Menu, pictorico  gtltspangtlth1gt             lta classskiplink screenreadertext hrefcontentgtltphp e Skip to content, pictorico  gtltagt              ltphp wpnavmenu array themelocation gt primary   gt         ltnavgtlt sitenavigation gt         ltdiv classheadersearchgt             ltphp getsearchform gt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltheadergtlt masthead gt ltphp if  ishome ampamp pictoricohasfeaturedposts 1    gt     ltphp gettemplatepart content, featured  gt ltphp elseif  getheaderimage ampamp  ishome  isarchive  issearch    gt     ltdiv classhentry hasthumbnailgt         ltdiv classentryheadergt             ltdiv classheaderimage stylebackgroundimage urlltphp headerimage gtgt                 lta hrefltphp echo escurl homeurl    gt relhomegtltspan classscreenreadertextgtltphp bloginfo name  gtltspangtltagt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltphp endif gt ltdiv idcontent classsitecontentgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a simple Computed Property on one of my Ember Data models. Its a codequestioncode that hasMany codeanswerscode, and answers have an ordering.p  pHeres the CPp  precode modelsquestion.js export default DS.Model.extend   orderedAnswers function      return this.getanswers.sortByposition   .propertyanswers.each.position  codepre  pElsewhere in my app, I update a property on one of these codeanswerscode, and this CP gets triggered and recalculated. This causes reflows in my app and causes me to lose app state.p  pAny ideas why this is happening The positions arent changing, I placed a debugger in the CP and verified that.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to work out why this code doesnt sort the array...p  h1Arbitrary vector.h1  precodex  array[[3, 2, 4, 5, 7, 4, 3, 4, 3, 3, 1, 4, 6, 3, 2, 4, 3, 2]] xCoo  sps.coomatrixx perm  np.argsortx xCoo.col  perm[xCoo.col] printxCoo.toarray  array[3, 2, 4, 5, 7, 4, 3, 4, 3, 3, 1, 4, 6, 3, 2, 4, 3, 2] codepre  pIm not sure what Ive misunderstood.  Whats the correct way to do thisp  pThank you.p  pP.S. Im aware that I can just call sort on the array however, I went to apply this same permutation over and over again.p
Negative 3262 pI am looking for an efficient way to cluster about 10 million strings into  clusters based on the appearance of similar word sequences.p  pConsider a list of strings likep  precodethe fruit hut number one the ice cre  am shop number one jims taco ice cream shop in the corner the ice cream shop the fruit hut jims taco outlet number one jims t  aco in the corner the fruit hut in the corner codepre  pAfter the algorithm runs on them I want them clustered as followsp  precodethe ice cre  am shop number one ice cream shop in the corner the ice cream shop  jims taco jims taco outlet number one jims t  aco in the corner  the fruit hut fruit hut number one the fruit hut in the corner codepre  pAs it is obvious, the sequences that differentiate the clusters arep  precodeice cream shop, jims taco and fruit hut codepre
Negative 3262 pGood day, needed some help. My Navigation bar can be seen in Story.board but not during runtime. p  pIt was displaying well before I added an Embedded Tab Bar controller to the screen. Now I dont even know how to remove the Embeded Tab Bar controller.p  pAny help would be appreciated. p  psorry my reputation too low and cannot post picture. p
Negative 3262 pI have nested fragment like the following.p  ul liMainActivity ul liFragmentA ul liFragmentA1 ul liFragmentA3li ulli liFragmentA2li ulli liFragmentB ul liFragmentB1li ulli ulli ul  pI want to login facebook from FragmentA3. But can not.p  pIn FragmentA3, my app stop in onResume after called onActivityResult.p  pWhat should I dop  pemFragmentA3emp  precodepublic class FragmentA3 extends Fragment     public static final String TAG  FragmentA3.class.getCanonicalName   private UiLifecycleHelper mFbSdkUiHelper   private OnLoggedListener mCallback   private final ListltStringgt permissions    public OthersFBLogin         Required empty public constructor       permissions  Arrays.asListbasicinfo, email       public interface OnLoggedListener        Callback to notify about login success.       public void onLoginSuccess       private final Session.StatusCallback mSessionCallback  new Session.StatusCallback        Override       public void callSession session, SessionState state, Exception exception          onSessionStateChangesession, state, exception              private void onSessionStateChangeSession session, SessionState state, Exception exception        Log.dTAG,onSessionStateChange       if state.isOpened            mCallback.onLoginSuccess        else if state.isClosed            if session  null                session.closeAndClearTokenInformation                         Override   public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState        Log.dTAG,onCreate       super.onCreatesavedInstanceState       mFbSdkUiHelper  new UiLifecycleHelpergetActivity, mSessionCallback       mFbSdkUiHelper.onCreatesavedInstanceState       Override   public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container, Bundle savedInstanceState        Log.dTAG,onCreateView       View rootView  inflater.inflateR.layout.othersfblogin, container, false       LoginButton loginButton  LoginButton rootView.findViewByIdR.id.loginbutton       loginButton.setFragmentthis       loginButton.setReadPermissionspermissions        return rootView       Override   public void onAttachActivity activity        Log.dTAG,onAttach       super.onAttachactivity       try            mCallback  OnLoggedListener activity        catch ClassCastException e            throw new ClassCastExceptionactivity.toString                     must implement OnLoggedListener in order to use this fragment              Override   public void onResume        Log.dTAG,onResume       super.onResume       Session session  Session.getActiveSession       if session  null ampamp session.isOpened  session.isClosed            onSessionStateChangesession, session.getState, null              mFbSdkUiHelper.onResume       Override   public void onDestroyView        super.onDestroyView       Override   public void onActivityResultint requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data        Log.dTAG,onActivityResult       super.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data       mFbSdkUiHelper.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data       Override   public void onPause        Log.dTAG,onPause       super.onPause       mFbSdkUiHelper.onPause       Override   public void onDestroy        super.onDestroy       mFbSdkUiHelper.onDestroy       Override   public void onSaveInstanceStateBundle outState        Log.dTAG,onSaveInstanceState       super.onSaveInstanceStateoutState       mFbSdkUiHelper.onSaveInstanceStateoutState     codepre  pemLogCatemp  precodeDcom.example.sample.FragmentA3   onAttach Dcom.example.sample.FragmentA3   onCreate Dcom.example.sample.FragmentA3   onCreateView Dcom.example.sample.FragmentA3   onResume Ddalvikvm                        GCFORALLOC freed 764K, 10 free 7977K8816K, paused 3ms, total 6ms WGooglePlayServicesUtil          Google Play services is missing. Dcom.example.sample.FragmentA3   onPause Dcom.example.sample.FragmentA3   onSessionStateChange WEGLemulation                   eglSurfaceAttrib not implemented IChoreographer                   Skipped 174 frames  The application may be doing too much work on its main thread. Dcom.example.sample.MainActivity onActivityResult Dcom.example.sample.FragmentA    onActivityResult Dcom.example.sample.FragmentA3   onActivityResult Dcom.example.sample.FragmentA3   onResume codepre
Negative 3262 pI am trying to make a simple javascript function work in the .ascx file in my asp.net and vb.net application.   I have included the following html code inside the asp panel tag.p  precode                    ltdiv classinline gt                       ltaspCheckBox IDtick runatserver TextPlease tick the box to confirm the above information are correct Checkedfalse CssClasssmall onchangeEnableSubmit gt                 ltdivgt codepre  pand the following javascript code  in the .ascx filep  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt function EnableSubmit       if document.getElementByIdtick.checked  true            document.getElementByIduxSubmit.enabled  true          else          document.getElementByIduxSubmit.enabled  false         codepre  pp  pAs  you can see from the code  I am trying to include a checkbox. And the user has to tick the check box to make submit button active.  But the function is not working. whenever i tick the check box a white box like a popoup  appears in front of the screen.p  pI have tried the answer given in this link but in that way my whole form became invisible.  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3785816howtousejavascriptinascxpagesHow to use javascript in .ascx pagesap  pI appreciate your kind suggestion and help.p  pThank you p  pThe full code in the .ascx file is given below.Please let me know if you need more information. p  precodelt Control LanguageVB AutoEventWireupfalse CodeFileCandidateRegistration3.ascx.vb InheritscontrolsCandidateRegistration3 gt codepre      precodeltaspCustomValidator IDuxProfileCVValReq runatserver EnableViewStatefalse ErrorMessageYou create a Personal Profile or upload a Word Compatible or PDF Curriculum Vitae. ValidationGroupcandidateregistration DisplayNone gt codepre  pp  pp  precodeltdiv stylemarginbottom 20pxgt ltaspPanel IDpanUpload runatservergt     ltaspCustomValidator IDCustomValidator1 runatserver EnableViewStatefalse         ErrorMessageYou must upload a Word Compatible or PDF Curriculum Vitae. DisplayNone         ValidationGroupCVUpload gt     ltpgtYour registration form will be populated from the details contained in your CV or application form, please upload now.ltpgt     ltaspFileUpload IDtxtFilePath runatserver CssClass ValidationGroupCVUpload gt      ltaspHiddenField IDhdDocId runatserver gt ltaspPanelgt ltaspPanel IDpanForm runatserver Visiblefalsegt      lttable classtable tableborderedgt          lttrgt             lttdgtltlabelgtEmail Addressltlabelgtlttdgt             lttdgt                 ltaspTextBox IDuxEmail runatserver CssClass MaxLength100                     EnableViewStateFalse gt              lttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtltlabelgtPasswordltlabelgtlttdgt             lttdgt                 ltaspTextBox IDuxPassword runatserver CssClass MaxLength20                     EnableViewStateFalse TextModePassword gt             lttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtltlabelgtConfirm Password ltlabelgtlttdgt             lttdgt                 ltaspTextBox IDuxPasswordConfirm runatserver CssClass TextModePassword gt             lttdgt         lttrgt     lttablegt      ltaspCustomValidator IDuxCVFileTypeReq runatserver EnableViewStatefalse         ErrorMessageYou must upload a Word Compatible or PDF Curriculum Vitae. DisplayNone         ValidationGroupCVUpload gt     ltaspHiddenField IDuxCVID runatserver EnableViewStatefalse gt      ltpgtTo complete your registration please click Next.ltpgt      ltdiv classinline gt           ltaspCheckBox IDtick runatserver TextPlease tick the box to confirm the above information are correct Checkedfalse CssClasssmall onchangeEnableSubmit gt      ltdivgt  ltaspPanelgt ltdivgt      ltp classgt        ltaspLinkButton runatserver IDuxSubmit TextNext OnClickSaveClick CausesValidationtrue ValidationGroupcandidateregistration CssClassbutton2 Enabledfalse  gt         lta href onclickparent..colorbox.close classbutton2gtCancelltagt        ltaspLinkButton runatserver IDuxUpload TextUpload CssClassbutton2 CausesValidationtrue ValidationGroupCVUpload gt ltpgt   ltscript typetextjavascriptgt    function EnableSubmit          if document.getElementByIdtick.checked  true                  document.getElementByIduxSubmit.enabled  true                   else               document.getElementByIduxSubmit.enabled  false                      ltscriptgt codepre  pto understand the problem better that I am talking about and to  see my page live please go to the following link.  a hrefhttpt.c.mypeoplebiz.comsagepaycareers2935commerciallitigatorsolicitor13yearspqe.aspx relnofollowhttpt.c.mypeoplebiz.comsagepaycareers2935commerciallitigatorsolicitor13yearspqe.aspxa p  pand click apply now button. p  pA popup will appear. please give a email address to register. dont worry. it does not have to be a original email address. just abcxyz.com is fine.p  pWhen you upload a document then you can see the form.The check box is at the bottom of the page.p
Negative 3262 pI have 2 classes User and Routerp  pIn my script, class User is instantiated first to set user data, then class Router is instantiated to set page data.p  precodeuser  new User router  new Router codepre  pInside one of Routers methods, I need to invoke usergetSuperPrivileges. This function queries the DB and sets extra parameters in the user object, then returns them.p  pI could pass user as a parameter of Routeruser and save it as a property in the construct function, but I believe this would only create a clone of the real object. Problem with this is that the values set by thisusergetSuperPrivileges would only be accessible by the clone, and not in the global script by the real object. In other words, I would need to invoke the getSuperPrivileges method once again in the real object to set these properties again, which is counterproductive.p  pWhat is the best way to achieve what I want access the real object emuserem and its methods from inside emrouterem, without having to create a clone passed as a function parameterp
Negative 3262 pI want to convert bytes to pdf format. As i want to speed up the process to use ParallelMultithreading feature.  p  pProblem is it hangs or breaks up when MaxDegreeOfParallelism is more than 1. I guess memory is getting corrupted..Can anyone please advisep  precodepublic ConcurrentDictionaryltInt64, Byte[]gt letterContentDictionary  new ConcurrentDictionaryltInt64, Byte[]gt  private void ProcessFilesInParallel  var files  oldDbContext.LetterData.Wherex gt x.ByteContent  null.Selecty gt y.Take100 Parallel.ForEachfiles, new ParallelOptions  MaxDegreeOfParallelism  4 , file gt      byte[] byteCompleteLetterPdf  null     byteCompleteLetterPdf  ConvertToPdfWithAsposefile.ByteContent     letterContentDictionary.TryAddfile.LetterId, byteCompleteLetterPdf   codepre
Negative 3262 pI need to make a math quiz. Here is workflowp  pOn button clickStart i need to show a question e.g. 55, which stays on screen for 2 seconds after which a dialog i shown asking for result of previous operation. And i need to repeat that for e.g. 5 times. At the end I need to show to user number of correct answers.p  pI have Java experience but Im new to Android. I have read various articles and examples regarding Android threading but havent found solution to this workflow.p  pAs far as I know I cannot block or pause mainUI thread, but the problem is that i should repeat questions for e.g. 5 times and after each oneafter 2 sec. I should pause activity to show Dialog and then go back to showing another question.p  pThanks in advance p  pEDIT Here is my code for now. The number is shown on screen and after 2 seconds alert dialog is shown asking to enter that number. But the problem is that the application doesnt wait for user input but continues to show new random number an opens new alert dialog every 2 seconds.p  precode Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activityquestions      tv  TextView findViewByIdR.id.questionText      handler  new Handler      Runnable r  new Runnable          public void run              tv.setTextString.valueOfrand.nextInt50  1             createDialog             handler.postDelayedthis, 2000                    handler.postDelayedr, 2000     protected void createDialog      LayoutInflater li  LayoutInflater.fromcontext     View promptsView  li.inflateR.layout.activityanswerdialog, null      AlertDialog.Builder alertDialogBuilder  new AlertDialog.Buildercontext       set prompts.xml to alertdialog builder     alertDialogBuilder.setViewpromptsView      final EditText userInput  EditText promptsView.findViewByIdR.id.editTextDialogUserInput       set dialog message     alertDialogBuilder             .setCancelablefalse             .setPositiveButtonOK,                     new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                          public void onClickDialogInterface dialog,int id                               get user input and set it to result                              edit text                             result.setTextuserInput.getText                                                           .setNegativeButtonCancel,                     new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                          public void onClickDialogInterface dialog,int id                              dialog.cancel                                                     create alert dialog     AlertDialog alertDialog  alertDialogBuilder.create       show it     alertDialog.show  codepre  pPS. Also I tried to create separate Activity for dialog and added this line to Manifestp  precodeandroidthemeandroidstyleTheme.Dialog  codepre  pbut the same thing happens.p
Negative 3262 pa hrefhttpkoovay.comtestrodriguez relnofollowhttpkoovay.comtestrodriguezap  pI have a few various on click functions set that do not seem to work in IE9.p  pI have a few .components in my markup, heres onep  precodeltdiv classtourtab componentgt lta href idtourcomponentgtlti classiconearthgtltigtltspangt Tour    Datesltspangtltagt ltdiv ideventcontent classcomponentcontentgt ltdiv classattachedartgtltspangtltspangtltdivgt lth2gtUpcoming Showslth2gt   ltulgt   ltphp gettemplatepart content, hometour  gt   lth4gtlta hrefltphp echo escurl homeurl    gttourdatesgtSee  Allltagtlth4gt   ltulgt ltdivgt lt end content gt codepre  pp  precode.component.ontap, functione   e.preventDefault   .component.active.notthis.removeClassactive   this.toggleClassactive  codepre  pIm simply trying to add a class to the component, which in turn will add a displayblock to the .componentcontentp  pIm using tappy.js which is why is says tap instead of click, but it did not work either way...p
Negative 3262 pIm creating a new report for our company. The reports rdlc are stored in the Class Library. Reports went well when load. But theres a requirement where I need to add a new tablix and display that on the new page, if I extracted the report it should be displayed in two sheets and should be named as Marketingfirst sheet and Banking second sheet. Unfortunately I cant find the PageName property of the tablix.p  pIm using visual studio 2010.p  pI already checked this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9598112pagenamepropertyismissinginssrsrdlcfileurla but does not give me the answer. p
Negative 3262 pWe are just installing our first Neo4j 2.1 application to Jelastic server environment and cant get connection to db working. The simple program from an answer in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions26576871neo4jphpcannotinstantiateabstractclasseverymanneo4jtransportneo4jphp Cannot instantiate abstract class EverymanNeo4jTransporta is thisp  precoderequirevendorautoload.php  use EverymanNeo4jClient client  new ClientServeripaddress, 8080 printrclientgtgetServerInfo  codepre  pThe last row gives an error 401 Unauthorized p  blockquote   pUnable to retrieve server info [401]nHeaders Arraybr   br       [WWWAuthenticate]   Basic realmneo4j graphdbbr       [ContentType]   texthtml charsetISO88591br       [CacheControl]   mustrevalidate,nocache,nostorebr       [ContentLength]   0br       [Server]   Jetty9.0.5.v20130815br   br   Body Arraybr   br   br   .p blockquote  pShould I configure the useridpassword somewhere in my Apache 2.2 environment, or is there something else missingp  pThanks after all strongThe working versionstrong is thisp  precoderequirevendorautoload.php    use EverymanNeo4jClient client  new EverymanNeo4jClienthost, port clientgtgetTransport   gtsetAuthusername, password printrclientgtgetServerInfo codepre  pAlso useHttps should be used, if you dont have a trusted environment. p
Negative 3262 pIm attempting to calculate the decisionfunction of a SVC classifier MANUALLY as opposed to using the inbuilt method using the the python library SKLearn.p  pIve tried several methods, however, I can only ever get the manual calculation to match when I emdontem scale my data.p  pcodezcode is a test datum thats been scaled and I think the other variables speak for themselves also, Im using an rbf kernel if thats not obvious from the code.p  pHere are the methods that Ive triedp  h11 Looping methodh1  precodedecfunc  0 for j in rangenp.shapesupvecs[0]      norm2  np.linalg.normsupvecs[j, ]  z2      decfunc  decfunc  dualcoefs[0, j]  np.expgammanorm2  decfunc  intercept codepre  h12 Vectorized Methodh1  precodediff  supvecs  z norm2  np.sumnp.sqrtdiffdiff, 12 decfunc  dualcoefs.dotnp.expgammaparamsnorm2  intercept codepre  pHowever, neither of these ever returns the same value as codedecisionfunctioncode. I think it may have something to do with rescaling my values or more likely its something silly that Ive been over lookingp  pAny help would be appreciated.p
Negative 3262 pPlease take a look at this screenshot. Its the head part of the posts in my blog. See that the header image is covered by a black gradient. I created that using Photoshop because I dont know how to do it on CSS.p  pIts based on a wordpress theme.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comy2pKU.jpg altenter image description herep  pHeres the codep  pstrongHTMLPHPstrongp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltphp if haspostthumbnail postgtID   gt   ltphp image  wpgetattachmentimagesrc getpostthumbnailid postgtID , singlepostthumbnail  gt     ltdiv classposttitlecontainer stylebackground urlltphp echo image[0] gt norepeat center centergt       ltphp         if  issingle             thetitle lth1 classposttitletextgt, lth1gt          else            thetitle sprintf lth2 classposttitletextgtlta hrefs relbookmarkgt, escurl getpermalink  , ltagtlth2gt          endif       gt     ltdivgt ltphp endif gtcodepre div div p  pstrongCSSstrongp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecode.posttitlecontainer  position relative width 100 height 300px opacity 1 boxshadow none backgroundsize 100 auto   .posttitletext  color FFF important marginbottom 0 padding 18 10 0 10 width 80 zindex 1 lineheight 1.2 position absolute fontsize 4.14286rem   .posttitletext gt a  color FFF important   .posttitletext gt ahover  color rgba255, 255, 255, 0.8 important codepre div div p  pAny ideas Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pI am using swift for writing a code and used parse for in app purchases. Apple rejected the app for not having a restore purchase button. I am obviously a beginner.p  pThere is a function in parses PFPurchase as download asset for transaction.p  pIt is likep  precodePFPurchase.downloadAssetForTransactionSKPaymentTransaction, completion String, NSError gt Void, progress PFProgressBlock codepre  pany ideas how to implement this The action I want this restore to do is the same as purchase button does which is as followsp  precodelet userDefaults  NSUserDefaults.standardUserDefaults userDefaults.setBooltrue, forKey removeAds userDefaults.synchronize codepre  panyone have suggestionsp
Negative 3262 pWhat are the rules in GNU make regarding quote characters  I had thought that in most cases they would simply be part of the text in the make file and usually have no special meaning to make.  The following simple make file demonstrates that double quote characters appearing around an argument to if ... are being stripped rather than passed out of the if call.  This seems wrong, and oddly the unescaped quotes do pass through in a more complex make file Ive been using.p  precodeinclude gmsl  VAR1   var1value VAR2   var2value1 var2value2  failquote  if call ne,words 1,1,1,1 passquote  if call ne,words 1,1,1,1  TESTFAILQUOTE  call failquote,VAR2 TESTPASSQUOTE  call passquote,VAR2  quotetest      echo gtExecuting recipe for quotetest     echo VAR2 is VAR2     echo TESTFAILQUOTE  TESTFAILQUOTE     echo TESTPASSQUOTE  TESTPASSQUOTE codepre  pThe output is thusp  precodebash4.1 make f testquote.mk quotetest gtExecuting recipe for quotetest TESTFAILQUOTE  var2value1 var2value2 TESTPASSQUOTE  var2value1 var2value2 codepre  pNote youll need the Gnu Make Standard library for this make file to work, for the call ne,....  Find it here a hrefhttpgmsl.sourceforge.net relnofollowhttpgmsl.sourceforge.netap
Negative 3262 pMy code is supposed to evaluate a solution to a knapsack problem. Wts is a list. I would include the whole code, but its really long. Im getting this problemp  precodetotalwt  intwts[i] IndexError list index out of range codepre  pBut here is the codep  precodeev  inputDo you want to evaluate a potential solution [yn]  chosen  [] totalwt  0 totalval  0  if ev  y     printPlease enter a potential solution.     n  True     while n  True         sol  intinputEnter id [1..0] of item to be picked, or 0 when done. .formatitems         if intsol gt 1 and intsol lt items             chosen.appendsol         else             n  False     for i in chosen         totalwt  intwts[i]         totalval  intvals[i]     if totalwt lt intcap         printFeasible ,Total Wt  ,totalwt,Total Val  ,totalval     else         printInfeasible ,Total Wt  ,totalwt,Total Val  ,totalval elif ev  n     printOkay. You are done. Thank you codepre  pI dont see the problem. But if more code is needed, I will be happy to supply it.p
Negative 3262 pI have created a new perspective in an already existing RCP product, The perspective contains two views. I have different images for the perspective and the views. When I run the product in eclipse it takes the images for the perspective and all the views but when I export it as a product the images for the perspective and views are missing. Each view also contains a tree view and the expandable icons at nodes are also missing. I have no clue what can be the cause for this problem. As it works in eclipse but not in the exported product. In the exported product all the functionality also works.p  pMy label provider class for the tree is p  precode private static class ComponentsTreeLabelProvider extends LabelProvider implements IColorProvider      private static ImageRegistry imageRegistry  new ImageRegistry       Override     public Image getImageObject element          SoftwareArchitectureModel softModel  activeArchitectureModelReader.getArchitectureModel         ImageDescriptor imageDescriptor  null          ifelement instanceof Component             ifsoftModel.isEnabledelement                 imageDescriptor  Activator.getDefault.getImageRegistry.getDescriptorActivator.COMPONENTID             else                 imageDescriptor  Activator.getDefault.getImageRegistry.getDescriptorActivator.COMPONENTDISABLEDID                   if imageDescriptor  null             return null          Image image  imageRegistry.getimageDescriptor.toString         if image  null              image  imageDescriptor.createImage             imageRegistry.putimageDescriptor.toString, image                             return image           Override     public String getTextObject element           ifelement instanceof Component             return Component element.getName          return null           Override     public Color getForegroundObject element          SoftwareArchitectureModel softModel  activeArchitectureModelReader.getArchitectureModel         ifelement instanceof Component             ifsoftModel.isEnabledelement                 return Display.getCurrent.getSystemColorSWT.COLORBLACK             else                 return Display.getCurrent.getSystemColorSWT.COLORRED                  return null           Override     public Color getBackgroundObject element          return null       codepre  pPlugin name is  myproject.memorymodeling.ui under this plugin I have icons folder in which all the images are available. In the manifest file Under Extensions I addedp  precode org.eclipse.ui.views  codepre  pwhich contains both the views and under the icon fields I provided iconsimagename.pngp  pAnyone has any idea why my images are missing when I export the productp  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have two sites like codea.comcode and codea.combcode.I have set b site on addson while new link is codeb.comcode.I am trying to set the same login info on both the site.So after logging into first site i send request from ajax like this p  precode ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     var urlhttpa.comindex.phpcustomeraccountlogincdSID              url  urlltphp echo 6788w3f54 gt jQuery.ajax             type POST,       url url,       dataType jsonp,       xhrFields             withCredentials true       ,       crossDomain true,       beforeSend functionxhr              xhr.setRequestHeaderCookie, sessionxxxyyyzzz       ,       success function            alertsuccess            console.logdocument.cookie       ,       error function xhr               if xhr.readyState4 ampamp xhr.status200                         console.logxhr                       ltscriptgt codepre  pMy PHP script to get cookie and set customer is  p  precodeifMagegetModelcorecookiegtgetloginuser gt 0  COOKIE[loginuser] gt 0    customer  MagegetModelcustomercustomer     gtsetWebsiteIdMageappgtgetWebsitegtgetId     gtloadCOOKIE[loginuser]       MagegetSingletoncustomersessiongtloginByIdCOOKIE[loginuser]     printrCOOKIE codepre  pon page it shows empty array while on ajax request its reponse is below. while seeing the browser response i get this p  precodeArray              [frontend] gt eea1f76e4a747fed0d1f66359dd1e2c9         [foo] gt 22         [myValue] gt 5,path         [persistentshoppingcart] gt GjQ7AFa3zz8QIua5tlTWRkl4iUji2aCLGSmUrXd38VHTBEQ3Ij         [loginuser] gt 22      codepre  pI want to use loginuser values on the page either refresh the page or something else.I try to reload the page but i lost the value.I want to use this value for custom login.p
Negative 3262 pCurrently codeindexNamecode is configured through the codeDocumentcodeannotation.  I wanted to use the same data structure and Elasticsearch Repository code for multiple tenants, and codeindexNamecode was the suggested way to do this.  I tried codeJava Genericscode to fake it, but that did not work out.p  pI manage to find this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions24333327rollingindexdynamicindexnameinspringdataelasticsearchRolling Index in Spring Data Elasticsearcha.p  pBut that only allows working with one codeindexNamecode at a time.  Could springdataelasticsearch be enhanced to support reconfiguring the codeindexNamecode through the Elasticsearch Repository interface instead  And also allow working with more than one codeindexNamecode at a timep
Negative 3262 pI have used filterpane in the list view page. When the amount field selected as equal to an amount, the result is not coming in list page. But HQL is returning a value in the SQL Management studio. Not sure what is happening from the HQL to the list page. Can anyone please helpp  precode20150223 222039,604 [httpbio8080exec10] DEBUG hibernate.SQL   select top 10 this.intTranId as intTranI110, this.fltAmt as fltAmt210, this.intCatId as intCatId310, this.dtDate as dtDate410 from expense this where this.fltAmt 20150223 222039,606 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicBinder   binding parameter [1] as [FLOAT]  [56.0] 20150223 222039,608 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [intTranI110]  [BIGINT]  [8] 20150223 222039,608 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [fltAmt210]  [FLOAT]  [56.0] 20150223 222039,609 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [intCatId310]  [BIGINT]  [5] 20150223 222039,609 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [dtDate410]  [TIMESTAMP]  [20150120 000000.0] 20150223 222039,631 [httpbio8080exec10] DEBUG hibernate.SQL   select count as y0 from expense this where this.fltAmt 20150223 222039,632 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicBinder   binding parameter [1] as [FLOAT]  [56.0] 20150223 222039,632 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [y0]  [BIGINT]  [1] 20150223 222039,729 [httpbio8080exec10] DEBUG hibernate.SQL   select category0.intCatId as col00 from category category0 20150223 222039,733 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [col00]  [BIGINT]  [1] 20150223 222039,734 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [col00]  [BIGINT]  [2] 20150223 222039,734 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [col00]  [BIGINT]  [3] 20150223 222039,734 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [col00]  [BIGINT]  [4] 20150223 222039,734 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [col00]  [BIGINT]  [5] 20150223 222039,734 [httpbio8080exec10] TRACE sql.BasicExtractor   extracted value [col00]  [BIGINT]  [6] codepre
Negative 3262 precode        wrapper         width 960px         margin0 auto         fontfamily Arial, Helvetica, sansserif         border 2px solid black                   header         backgroundcolor2C394F         color white         textalign center         padding 5px                   nav          lineheight 30px         float left         padding 5px         height content         width 150px                   content         float center         padding 10px                    footer         backgroundcolor 2C394F         color white         textalign center         padding 5px               ltstylegt  ltheadgt  ltbody idwrappergt   ltdiv idheadergt          lth1gtTitlelth1gt  ltdivgt  ltdiv idnavgt     lta hrefpage1.htmlgttitleltagtltbrgt     lta hrefpage2.htmlgtltagtltbrgt     lta hrefpage3.htmlgtltagtltbrgt     lta hrefpage4.htmlgtltagtltbrgt     lta hrefpage5.htmlgtltagtltbrgt ltdivgt   ltdiv idcontentgt      lth3gtlth3gt         ltulgt             ltligtltligt             ltligtltligt             ltligtltligt         ltulgt       lth3gtlth3gt      lth3gtlth3gt         ltulgt             ltligt                 ltulgt                     ltligtltligt                            ltulgt             ltligt         ltulgt     lth3gtlth3gt             ltulgt             ltligtltligt             ltligtltligt             ltligtltligt             ltligtltligt         ltulgt      lth3gtlth3gt          ltulgt             ltligtltligt             ltligtltligt             ltligtltligt             ltligtltligt                ltulgt  ltdivgt   ltdiv idfootergt      ltpgtampcopy 2015 ltpgt  ltdivgt codepre  pIs there any way to get the nav height to automatically determine how long it needs to be according to the height of the content Ill eventually put the internal css into an external css file for other pages later on with different content heights. I only need the nav to be proportional to the content and to end before the footer.p
Negative 3262 pi want to run about 10.000 concurrent requests using .net codeHttpWebRequestcode, not all of them going to the same host and some of them go through a pool of proxies. brbr Im currently using Threads which works fine up to 1000 concurrent requestsequals around 3 in task manager, but when I scale up to 2000 or even 5000 concurrent requests, I get many Exceptionssee below and 100 cpu load.brWhen I noticed that I thought its too much for the server, but running for example 2 instances with 1000 concurrent works also, so Im guessing its something with the connection management.brbr First of all sample code of requestguessing its all fine, works fine until big scalep  precodepublic string HttpGetstring url      try          HttpWebRequest request  HttpWebRequestHttpWebRequest.Createurl         request.Timeout  20000         request.CookieContainer  Cookie         request.AutomaticDecompression  DecompressionMethods.GZip         request.KeepAlive  true         request.Method  GET         HttpWebResponse response  HttpWebResponserequest.GetResponse          Stream dataStream  response.GetResponseStream         StreamReader reader  new StreamReaderdataStream         string tmp  reader.ReadToEnd         reader.Close         dataStream.Close         response.Close          return tmp      catch Exception ex          return        codepre  pAnd Yeah of course I think I  also set ServicePointManager rightp  precodeServicePointManager.DefaultConnectionLimit  20  1000 ServicePointManager.MaxServicePointIdleTime  1000  60  20maybe this is an issue ServicePointManager.UseNagleAlgorithm  false ServicePointManager.Expect100Continue  false codepre  pThe strange thing is that Im getting Timeoutsno real timeout, its an timeout like it occurs when you have a low DefaultConnectionLimit and trying to make requests parallel even when the application even doesnt use the half of the limit of connections.brbr So I decided to try using the ConnectionGroupName to give each thread an unique connectionp  precoderequest.ConnectionGroupName  randomStringPerThreadBasis codepre  pThat increased at least the opened TCP connections, so I not only extended the .NET codeDefaultConnectionLimitcode, I also increased the available dynamic TCP ports under windows like this a hrefhttpkb.globalscape.comKnowledgebaseArticle10438.aspx relnofollowhttpkb.globalscape.comKnowledgebaseArticle10438.aspxa and this codenetsh int ipv4 set dynamicport tcp start1025 num50000code brbrThe strange thing again is that the app opens now so many connections, which arent needed, but still has a high cpu footage and still times out rarelybut much better than before, so its maybe something with the connection management. brbrbrFor completeness Im also getting these exceptions somtimesbut not so oftenp  precodeSystem.Net.WebException The underlying connection was closed A connection that was expected to be kept alive was closed by the server. gt System.IO.IOExceptionUnable to read data from the transport connection  An existing connection was forcibly closed by the remote host. gt A connection attempt failed because the connected party did not properly respond after a period of time, or established connection failed because  connected host has failed to respond    at System.Net.Sockets.NetworkStream.ReadByte[] buffer, Int32 offset, Int32 size    at System.Net.Sockets.NetworkStream.ReadByte[] buffer, Int32 offset, Int32 size    at System.Net.FixedSizeReader.ReadPacketByte[] buffer, Int32 offset, Int32 count    at System.Net.Security.SslStream.StartFrameHeaderByte[] buffer, Int32 offset, Int32 count, AsyncProtocolRequest asyncRequest    at System.Net.Security.SslStream.StartReadingByte[] buffer, Int32 offset, Int32 count, AsyncProtocolRequest asyncRequest    at System.Net.Security.SslStream.ProcessReadByte[] buffer, Int32 offset, Int32 count, AsyncProtocolRequest asyncRequest    at System.Net.TlsStream.ReadByte[] buffer, Int32 offset, Int32 size    at System.Net.PooledStream.ReadByte[] buffer, Int32 offset, Int32 size    at System.Net.Connection.SyncReadHttpWebRequest request, Boolean userRetrievedStream, Boolean probeRead    at System.Net.HttpWebRequest.GetResponse codepre  pstrongSo my question is how can I solve this emDid I sth wrong Are there workarounds Can I manage the connections on my own Is there another classlanguage which just works for this case etc.emstrongp
Negative 3262 pI want to create circle in Google plus from my android app, for this Im working with Google plus domain APIs then for API authentications i am following these steps and configuring all things that describe here a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comdomainsquickstartjava relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comdomainsquickstartjavaa p  pBut when im going to create circle as given here  a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comdomainscirclescreating relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comdomainscirclescreatinga im getting 400 Bad request error invalidgrant then its seems its authonticating but not creating circle.p  pCan anybody help me  Thanks to consider...p  pstrongMy Code isstrong p  pstrongemIn My Activityemstrongp  precode  Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain         domainDelegation  new DomainDelegationthis         PlusDomains service  null             try                  service  domainDelegation.authenticate                 People people  service.people                 domainDelegation.createCircleservice              catch GeneralSecurityException  IOException e                  e.printStackTrace                      codepre  pstrongemIn My DomainDelegation Classemstrongp  precodeprivate static final String SERVICEACCOUNTEMAIL      xxxxxxxxxdeveloper.gserviceaccount.com  private static final String USEREMAIL  namedomainname.com private static final ListltStringgt SCOPE  Arrays.asList         httpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.me,         httpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.stream.read,         httpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.profiles.read,         httpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.stream.write,         httpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.circles.read,         httpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.circles.write  public  PlusDomains authenticate throws GeneralSecurityException,         IOException        System.out.printlnString.formatAuthenticate the domain for s,             USEREMAIL     Log.iTAG, Authenticate the domain for   USEREMAIL      HttpTransport httpTransport  new NetHttpTransport     JsonFactory jsonFactory  new JacksonFactory       Setting the sub field with USEREMAIL allows you to make API calls      using the special keyword      me in place of a user id for that user.     GoogleCredential credential  new GoogleCredential.Builder             .setTransporthttpTransport             .setJsonFactoryjsonFactory             .setServiceAccountIdSERVICEACCOUNTEMAIL             .setServiceAccountScopesSCOPE             .setServiceAccountUserUSEREMAIL               Im accessing .p12 file from my sdcard              .setServiceAccountPrivateKeyFromP12File                     new FilegetReceiveFilename                                      .build        Create and return the Plus service object     PlusDomains service  new PlusDomains.BuilderhttpTransport,             jsonFactory, credential.setApplicationNameGooglePlusDomainAPI.build     return service  public void createCirclePlusDomains service      Circle circle  new Circle     circle.setDisplayNameTech support     Circle result     try          result  service.circles.insertme, circle.execute         System.out.printlnCreated Tech support circle with id   result.getId         Log.iTAG, circle with id  result.getId      catch IOException e          e.printStackTrace         Log.vTAG, IOException  e.getMessage       codepre  pstrongemGetting Exceptionemstrongp  precodecom.google.api.client.auth.oauth2.TokenResponseException 400 Bad Request  error  invalidgrant  at com.google.api.client.auth.oauth2.TokenRequest.executeUnparsedTokenRequest.java287 at com.google.api.client.auth.oauth2.TokenRequest.executeTokenRequest.java307 at com.google.api.client.googleapis.auth.oauth2.GoogleCredential.executeRefreshTokenGoogleCredential.java384 at com.google.api.client.auth.oauth2.Credential.refreshTokenCredential.java489 at com.google.api.client.auth.oauth2.Credential.interceptCredential.java217 at com.google.api.client.http.HttpRequest.executeHttpRequest.java859 at com.google.api.client.googleapis.services.AbstractGoogleClientRequest.executeUnparsedAbstractGoogleClientRequest.java410 at com.google.api.client.googleapis.services.AbstractGoogleClientRequest.executeUnparsedAbstractGoogleClientRequest.java343 at com.google.api.client.googleapis.services.AbstractGoogleClientRequest.executeAbstractGoogleClientRequest.java460 at com.example.googleplusdomainapi.DomainDelegation.createCircleDomainDelegation.java144 at com.example.googleplusdomainapi.MainActivity.doThisMainActivity.java95 at com.example.googleplusdomainapi.MainActivity.access0MainActivity.java57 at com.example.googleplusdomainapi.MainActivity11.doInBackgroundMainActivity.java43 at com.example.googleplusdomainapi.MainActivity11.doInBackgroundMainActivity.java1 at android.os.AsyncTask2.callAsyncTask.java287 at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerRunFutureTask.java305 at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runFutureTask.java137 at android.os.AsyncTaskSerialExecutor1.runAsyncTask.java230 at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1076 at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java569 at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java856 codepre
Negative 3262 pI have this simple codep  precodepublic class MainActivity extends ActionBarActivity   public TextView textView StringBuilder builder  new StringBuilder  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain     textView  TextView findViewByIdR.id.touchtextView     textView.setTextHello       textView.setOnTouchListenernew View.OnTouchListener           String TAG  onTouchListener          Override         public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event              Log.dTAG,Triggered               TODO Autogenerated method stub             switchevent.getAction                          case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN                 Log.dTAG,Down                 builder.appenddown,                  break             case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE                 builder.appendmove,                  Log.dTAG,Move                 break             case MotionEvent.ACTIONCANCEL                 builder.appendcancel,                  Log.dTAG,Cancel                 break             case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP                 builder.appendup,                  Log.dTAG,Up                 break                           builder.appendevent.getX             builder.append,              builder.appendevent.getY             String text  builder.toString             Log.dTouchTest, text             textView.setTexttext                      return true                 codepre  p...and this simple layoutp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin toolscontextcom.example.touchhandling.MainActivitygt  ltTextView     androidididtouchtextView     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontentgt ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pMy problem is that my TextViews onTouchListener is not receiving the touch events, instead I see this in Logcatp  pViewRoots Touch event ACTIONUPp  pIt seems that my FrameLayout is stealing the touch events. How can I make this work Should the child get the event firstp  pThank you, any hint is appreciatedp
Negative 3262 pI have my mainpage.aspx and then my mainDetails.ascxp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodeAs well as this javascript document.readyfunction    modalclose.clickfunction      modalcontent, modalbackground, modalclose.toggleClassactive      keywordSelection.clickfunction      alerthit     mainDetails.ascx is an aspUpdatePanel this contains the following javascript function jsModal    keywordSearch.clickfunction      alerthi     modalcontent, modalbackground, modalclose.toggleClassactive     modalcontent.divTestVal.append.html      var html  modalcontent.nextdivTestVal.html     alerthtml    codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodelt mainpage.aspx is a web form that contains the followinggt ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery2.1.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltdiv idmodalbackgroundgtltdivgt ltdiv idmodalcontentgt   ltinput typebutton idmodalclose valueClose Modal Window gt   ltbr gt   ltdiv iddivTestValgt     [Append Values Here]   ltdivgt   ltbr gt   ltinput typebutton idkeywordSelection valueSelector gt ltdivgtcodepre div div p  pWhat I need is a way to populate and read the values from the modal.  Right now the html variable is returning codenullcode.  p  pHow do a get the code[Append Values Here]code value from the modalp
Negative 3262 pI hope someone can help with the issue I am having. First of all, I tried to remove as much code as I can that wasnt causing the issue.p  pMy problem is this When I run the program everything runs perfectly until I create a graph with about 130 nodes.  Once it hits 130 nodes the program will run forever in an infinite loop.  p  pI try running the program with 135 nodes at 15 for the desired graph density.p  pTo give some context I am working on research simulations and for this I am creating random graphs and building spanning trees using BFS.p  pMy problem arises during the creation of the Spanning Tree.p  pCopy and paste code and compile using javac MMB.java all in one file.p  precodeimport java.util.      Custom type Set used to differentiate nodes in the FAST and SLOW sets  enum Set      FAST, SLOW       Custom node class used to store our spanning tree  class NodeltTgt       private T data     private NodeltTgt parent     private ListltNodeltTgtgt children     private int level     private int rank     private Set set       constructor for root Nodes and stand alone nodes     public NodeT data         this.data  data         this.parent  null         this.level  0         this.rank  Integer.MINVALUE         this.children  new ArrayListltNodeltTgtgt            constructor for all non root nodes     public NodeT data, NodeltTgt parent         this.data  data         this.setParentparent         this.level  parent.getLevel  1         this.rank  Integer.MINVALUE         this.children  new ArrayListltNodeltTgtgt            get data     public T getData         return this.data            set data     public void setDataT data         this.data  data            add child node     public void addChildNodeltTgt child         children.addchild            remove child node     public void removeChildNodeltTgt child         children.removechild            get rank     public int getRank         return this.rank            set rank     public void setRankint rank         this.rank  rank            get parent     public NodeltTgt getParent         return this.parent            set parent  updates parent node to have child     public void setParentNodeltTgt parent         this.parent  parent         parent.addChildthis            returns level of a Node     public int getLevel         return this.level            returns a list of children of a given node     public ListltNodeltTgtgt getChildren         return this.children            set the Set a node is in     public void setSetSet set         this.set  set            get the Set a node is in     public Set getSet         return this.set            returns the tree as a list of nodes using DFS traversal     public ListltNodeltTgtgt treeToList         ListltNodeltTgtgt list  new LinkedListltNodeltTgtgt         ListltNodeltTgtgt visitedNodes  new LinkedListltNodeltTgtgt          list.addthis         whilelist.size gt 0             NodeltTgt currentNode  list.getlist.size  1             ListltNodeltTgtgt currentNodesChildren  currentNode.getChildren             ifvisitedNodes.containscurrentNode                 forNodeltTgt n  currentNodesChildren                     list.addn                                  visitedNodes.addcurrentNode                          else                  list.removecurrentNode                               return visitedNodes            returns the number of levels in the tree      Note levels start at 0     public int numberOfLevels         ListltNodeltTgtgt list  this.treeToList         int maxLevel  0         forNodeltTgt n  list             ifn.getLevel gt maxLevel                 maxLevel  n.getLevel         return maxLevel  1            returns the max rank in the tree     public int maxRank         ListltNodeltTgtgt list  this.treeToList         int maxRank  0         forNodeltTgt n  list             ifn.getRank gt maxRank                 maxRank  n.getRank         return maxRank            returns a list of nodes with a given rank and level in the FAST set     public ListltNodeltTgtgt nodeRankLevelSubsetint rank, int level         ListltNodeltTgtgt list  this.treeToList         ListltNodeltTgtgt subset  new LinkedListltNodeltTgtgt         forNodeltTgt n  list             ifn.getRank  rank ampamp n.getLevel  level ampamp n.getSet  Set.FAST                 subset.addn         return subset            Print All     public void printAll         ListltNodeltTgtgt list  this.treeToList         forNodeltTgt n  list             System.out.println             System.out.println data   n.getData  ,             System.out.println level   n.getLevel  ,             System.out.println rank   n.getRank  ,             switchn.getSet                 case FAST                     System.out.println set FAST                     break                 case SLOW                     System.out.println set SLOW                     break                          System.out.print parent              ifn.getParent  null                 System.out.printlnn.getParent.getData  ,             else                 System.out.println ,             System.out.print children [             forNodeltTgt cn  n.getChildren                 System.out.printcn.getData  ,                          System.out.println]n                    BFS to print     public void printTree         ListltNodeltTgtgt discoveredNodes  new LinkedListltNodeltTgtgt         ListltNodeltTgtgt queue  new LinkedListltNodeltTgtgt         ListltNodeltTgtgt children         NodeltTgt currentNode         queue.addthis         discoveredNodes.addthis         whilequeue.size gt 0             currentNode  queue.remove0             children  currentNode.getChildren             System.out.printn  currentNode.getData                forNodeltTgt n  children                 queue.addn                 discoveredNodes.addn                 System.out.printn.getData      Rank   n.getRank                                  System.out.printn        public class MMB       boolean 2D array used to make the edges in a random graph     public static boolean[][] randomGraph      custom Node class used to store our BFS spanning tree     public static NodeltIntegergt spanningTree      public static void mainString[] args         int numberOfNodes, graphDensity          Scanner scanner  new ScannerSystem.in         System.out.printEnter the desired number of Nodes          numberOfNodes  scanner.nextInt         System.out.printEnter the desired graph density          graphDensity  scanner.nextInt          randomGraph  randomGraphnumberOfNodes, graphDensity           Print Out Graph          forint i  0 i lt randomGraph.length i             System.out.printi                forint j  0 j lt randomGraph.length j                 System.out.printf   randomGraph[i][j]                             System.out.println                  System.out.println         System.out.printlnHERE  CREATED GRAPH         spanningTree  spanningTree0         System.out.printlnHERE  CREATED SPAnnING TREE          rankNodesspanningTree, spanningTree.numberOfLevels          System.out.printlnHERE  FIRST RANK          determineSetspanningTree          System.out.printlnHERE  DETERMINE SET          spanningTree.printTree          reRankNodesspanningTree          System.out.printlnHERE  RERANK NODES          spanningTree.printTree          spanningTree.printAll                    Create an undirected graph at random        A 2D boolean array will represent the edges between nodes        param  numberOfNodes   number of nodes in the graph        param  graphDensity    integer percentage of graph density          public static boolean[][] randomGraphint numberOfNodes, int graphDensity         boolean[][] graph  new boolean[numberOfNodes][numberOfNodes]         Random randomNumber  new Random          boolean hasEdge         forint i  0 i lt numberOfNodes i             hasEdge  false             forint j  0 j lt numberOfNodes j                  i  j ensures no loops                 ifi  j ampamp randomNumber.nextInt100  1 lt graphDensity                     graph[i][j]  true                     graph[j][i]  true                     hasEdge  true                                            to ensure no disconnected nodes, keep track with hasEdge              if no edge exists create a random one             int randomNum             whilehasEdge                 ifrandomNum  randomNumber.nextIntnumberOfNodes  i                     graph[i][randomNum]  true                     graph[randomNum][i]  true                     hasEdge  true                                                return graph                    Create a Spanning Tree from an undirected graph using BFS        A custom Node structure will represent our spanning tree        param  root    root of undirected graph from 0 to numberOfNodes1          public static NodeltIntegergt spanningTreeint root         NodeltIntegergt tree  new NodeltIntegergtroot         NodeltIntegergt currentNode         Integer currentNodeData          LinkedListltNodeltIntegergtgt discoveredNodes  new LinkedListltNodeltIntegergtgt         LinkedListltNodeltIntegergtgt queue  new LinkedListltNodeltIntegergtgt          queue.addtree         discoveredNodes.addtree         whilequeue.size gt 0             currentNode  queue.removeFirst             currentNodeData  currentNode.getData             forint i  0 i lt randomGraph.length i                 ifrandomGraph[currentNodeData][i] ampamp listContainsNodediscoveredNodes, i                     NodeltIntegergt newNode  new NodeltIntegergti, currentNode                     queue.addnewNode                     discoveredNodes.addnewNode                                                return tree            Helper Methods       search a list of Nodes for a value     public static boolean listContainsNodeListltNodeltIntegergtgt list, Integer data         forNodeltIntegergt n  list             ifn.getData  data                 return true         return false       codepre
Negative 3262 pI am getting the following error when attempting to perform my save function in a view on my app. I have passed my parent object in called Vacation. I am attempting to save a child object called SavingsEntry. The app stopped and showsp  precodelldb  codepre  pIn the console and p  precodelibswiftCore.dylibswiftdynamicCastClassUnconditional 0x10c13b860  pushq  rbp 0x10c13b861  movq   rsp, rbp 0x10c13b864  testq  rdi, rdi 0x10c13b867  je     0x10c13b89e               swiftdynamicCastClassUnconditional  62 0x10c13b869  movabsq 0x7fffffffffffffff, rax 0x10c13b873  testq  rax, rdi 0x10c13b876  jne    0x10c13b89e                swiftdynamicCastClassUnconditional  62 0x10c13b878  leaq   0xb52e9rip, rax 0x10c13b87f  movq   rax, rax 0x10c13b882  andq   rdi, rax 0x10c13b885  nopw   csrax,rax 0x10c13b890  cmpq   rsi, rax 0x10c13b893  je     0x10c13b8ad                swiftdynamicCastClassUnconditional  77 0x10c13b895  movq   0x8rax, rax 0x10c13b899  testq  rax, rax 0x10c13b89c  jne    0x10c13b890                swiftdynamicCastClassUnconditional  48 0x10c13b89e  leaq   0x36b7drip, rax        Swift dynamic cast failed 0x10c13b8a5  movq   rax, 0xb4c0crip        gCRAnnotations  8 0x10c13b8ac  int3    0x10c13b8ad  movq   rdi, rax   Thread1EXCBREAKPOINT codeEXCI386BPT,subcode0x0 0x10c13b8b0  popq   rbp 0x10c13b8b1  retq    0x10c13b8b2  nopw   csrax,rax codepre  pIve narrowed down the break is in the section where I am saving setting my object values and saving. But I cant see where the problem is.p  precodeif let managedObjectContext  UIApplication.sharedApplication.delegate as AppDelegate.managedObjectContext           savingsEntry  NSEntityDescription.insertNewObjectForEntityForNameSavingsEntry, inManagedObjectContext managedObjectContext as SavingsEntry          savingsEntry.vacation  vacation          savingsEntry.created  NSDate          if addToSavings.text                 savingsEntry.amount  NSDecimalNumberstring removeFromSavings.text             savingsEntry.type  debit             vacation.totalSaved  subtractionvacation.totalSaved, right savingsEntry.amount           else if removeFromSavings.text                savingsEntry.amount  NSDecimalNumberstring addToSavings.text             savingsEntry.type  credit             vacation.totalSaved  additionvacation.totalSaved, right savingsEntry.amount                      var e NSError         if managedObjectContext.saveampe  true              printlninsert error e.localizedDescription             return               codepre
Negative 3262 pIm having trouble figuring out how to correctly mock Socket.io in an Angular application using Jasmine and Karma.p  pHere are the files found in codekarma.conf.jscodep  precodebowercomponentsangularangular.js, bowercomponentsangularmocksangularmocks.js, bowercomponentsangularuirouterreleaseangularuirouter.js, bowercomponentsangularsocketiosocket.js, bowercomponentssocket.ioclientsocket.io.js, bowercomponentsangularsocketiomocksocketio.js, publicjavascripts.js, ngtests.js, ngtestsstateMock.js codepre  pHere is how my controller looksp  precodevar lunchrControllers  angular.modulelunchrControllers, []  lunchrControllers.controllerUserMatchingController, [state, socket,     function state, socket          socket.emitmatch          socket.onmatched, function data              state.gousers.matched, name data.name              ] codepre  pHere is my socket factoryp  precodevar lunchrFactories  angular.modulelunchrFactories, []  lunchrFactories.factorysocket, function socketFactory      return socketFactory  codepre  pHere is the main angular modulep  precodevar lunchrApp  angular.modulelunchr, [ui.router, btford.socketio, lunchrControllers, lunchrFactories ]  lunchrApp.config[stateProvider, urlRouterProvider, locationProvider,     function stateProvider, urlRouterProvider, locationProvider          urlRouterProvider.otherwise          stateProvider.             statemainPage,                  url ,                 templateUrl partialsmain.jade,                 controller MainPageController                          .stateusers,                  url users,                 templateUrl partialsusers.jade,                 controller UserController                          .stateusers.matching,                  url matching,                 templateUrl partialsusers.matching.jade,                 controller UserMatchingController                          .stateusers.matched,                  url matched,                 templateUrl partialsusers.matched.jade,                 paramsnamenull,                 controller UserMatchedController                          .stateregister,                  urlregister,                 templateUrl partialsregister.jade,                 controller RegisterController                      locationProvider.html5Modetrue     ] codepre  pHere is the test Im having trouble figuring outp  precodeuse strict  describeUserMatchingController, function       beforeEachmodulelunchr     beforeEachmodulestateMock       var controller, rootScope, state, socket      beforeEachinjectfunction injector           Get hold of a scope i.e. the root scope         rootScope  injector.getrootScope          state  injector.getstate           The controller service is used to create instances of controllers         controller  injector.getcontroller          socket  injectorsocket           afterEachfunction           state.ensureAllTransitionsHappened           function createController          return controllerUserMatchingController, scope rootScope           describeon initiazation, function         itsocket should emit a match, function              createController               would like to be able to expect a socket.emit call                  itshould transition to users.matched upon receiving matched, function             createController             state.expectTransitionTouser.matched             socket.receivematched, name Ben This errors out with cannot read property receive of undefined                codepre  pI suspect that codesocketcode isnt being properly injected and Im not sure how to fix it. Similarly, Id also like to be able to expect that a call to codesocket.emitcode is made but dont know how.p  pAny help would be appreciated.p  pEDIT Id like to use a hrefhttpsgithub.comnullivexangularsocket.iomock relnofollowthis socket mocka if possible but Im having trouble figuring out exactly how it works.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to create a testing framework that uses a with block to run asserts, e.g.p  precodedef test     stack  stack     stack.pusha     with expectations         not stack.empty         lenstack  2 codepre  pWhen codetestcode is being called, the codewith expectationscode block will actually run something similar top  precodeassert evalnot stack.empty assert evallenstack  2 codepre  pIve considered doing it by using a decorator for the test method itself that will transform the whole function before execution, but I would like to know if there is a way only do that when I execute the with statement by running some code in the codeentercode method of the codeexpectationscode object. Something in the works ofp  precodedef enterself      get parent frame with inspect      get the block code that forms the with statement      run assert eval... for each line the block      skip actual execution of the block codepre  pIs it possible Is it better in some way then manipulating method before execution in a decoratorp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to allow the user to create comments on a specific post, using AJAX in Rails. I get the form to show, but on create it does not work. In my form it says the hrefpostspostidcommentsnew methodpost. I think it should just be postpostidcomments with a methodpost, But I cannot get this to work. p  pThe console just says no route matches POST postidcommentsnew because it is wrong obviously.p  pcommentscontroller.rbp  precodeclass CommentsController lt ApplicationController  respondto html, js  def index      comments  Comment.all end   def new     newcomment  Comment.new end  def create     post  Post.findparams[postid]     comment  post.comments.createcommentparams end codepre  pform.html.erb in comments viewsp  precodelt simpleformfor postcommentspath, remote true, htmlclass forminline do f gt   lt f.input body, inputhtml  class formcontrol  gt   lt f.button submit, class gt btn btnsuccess, value Post Comment gt lt end gt codepre  pindex.html.erb main view with postsp  precode    ltdiv classpullleftgt       lt linkto newpostcommentpathpost, remote true, method get do gt           ltbutton classbtn btnprimarygtCommentltbuttongt       lt end gt     ltdivgt     ltdiv idcommentform styledisplaynonegtltdivgt     lt if post.comments.count gt 0 gt       ltdiv idcommentsgtlt render comments gtltdivgt     lt end gt codepre  pnew.js.erb in commentsp  precodecommentform.htmllt j render form gt commentform.slideDown350 codepre  pcreate.js.erb in commentsp  precodecomments.htmllt j render comments gt commentform.slideUp350 codepre
Negative 3262 pWhats considered best practice for calling retina images using media queries Ive only just heard of dppx and wanted to know why it was bettermore future proof than pixel ratiop  pa hrefhttpscsstricks.comsnippetscssretinadisplaymediaquery relnofollowChris Coyier recommends thisa as being the most future proof solutionp  precodemedia only screen and webkitmindevicepixelratio 2, only screen and    minmozdevicepixelratio 2, only screen and      omindevicepixelratio 21, only screen and         mindevicepixelratio 2, only screen and                 minresolution 192dpi, only screen and                 minresolution 2dppx       Retinaspecific stuff here    codepre
Negative 3262 pIm having a problem loading my data in dynamic textboxs... the first row is loaded in the static controls , and the second and the third row must be loaded in the dynamic textboxs , but only the second row of my table is loaded correctly , the third row is missing... How can I do the load of all the data in my dinamic textboxs without repeating the binding of the repeaterp  pa hrefhttpi60.tinypic.com2dkz41z.jpg relnofollowclick to see the image of my formap  pcodep  pp  precode          ltHeaderTemplategt               lttablegt           ltHeaderTemplategt           ltItemTemplategt               lttrgt                  lttdgt  ltaspTextBox IDTextBox111 runatserver Text ltEvalSeqgt Width10pxgtltaspTextBoxgtlttdgt                   lttdgt                       ltaspTextBox IDtxt runatserver Text ltEvalcodigogtgtltaspTextBoxgt                   lttdgt                   lttdgt                       ltaspTextBox IDtxt1 runatserver Text ltEvalactigtgtltaspTextBoxgt                   lttdgt                   lttdgt                  ltaspTextBox IDTextBox1 runatserver Text ltEvalfechagtgtltaspTextBoxgt            ltajaxCalendarExtender IDCalendarExtender1 runatserver       TargetControlIDTextBox1 FormatddMMyyyygt       ltajaxCalendarExtendergt                          lttd          lttrgt           ltItemTemplategt           ltFooterTemplategt               lttablegtltFooterTemplategt       ltaspRepeatergt codepre  pstrongvb.netstrongp  pPublic Class RowDatap  precode    Private mIndex As Integer      Private mcodigo As String     Private macti As Integer     Private mfecha As Date     Public Property Seq As Integer         Get             Return mIndex         End Get         Setvalue As Integer             mIndex  value         End Set     End Property      Public Property codigo As String         Get             Return mcodigo         End Get         Setvalue As String             mcodigo  value         End Set     End Property     Public Property acti As Integer         Get             Return macti         End Get         Setvalue As Integer             macti  value         End Set     End Property     Public Property fecha As Date         Get             Return mfecha         End Get         Setvalue As Date             mfecha  value         End Set     End Property End Class codepre  pPublic sub loaddatap  pIf Not IsPostBack Thenp  precode        DATA LOADED IN STATIC TEXTBOXS          Dim selectSQL As String         selectSQL  select  from [OPP].[tblDetalleFichaProgra]         selectSQL  where numeActi1         Dim cmd As New SqlCommandselectSQL, con         Dim olector As SqlDataReader         con.Open         olector  cmd.ExecuteReader         olector.Read          estatico1.Text  olectoridPracti.ToString         estatico2.Text  olectornumeActi.ToString         estatico3.Text  olectorfechaIniActi.ToString          olector.Close         con.Close     End If       DATA LOADED IN DYNAMIC TEXTBOXS     Dim selectSQL2 As String     selectSQL2  select  from [OPP].[tblDetalleFichaProgra]     selectSQL2  where numeActi2     Dim cmd2 As New SqlCommandselectSQL2, con     Dim olector2 As SqlDataReader     con.Open     olector2  cmd2.ExecuteReader     olector2.Read      Dim dataSource As New ListOf RowData     Dim objrowdata  New RowData     objrowdata.Seq  i      dataSource.AddNew RowData With .Seq  i, .codigo  olector2idPracti.ToString, .acti  olector2numeActi.ToString, .fecha  olector2fechaIniActi.ToString      olector2.Close     con.Close      Me.rpt.DataSource  dataSource     Me.rpt.DataBind codepre  pEnd subp  pPlease I need help... Thank you allp
Negative 3262 pHelp  what else can I do to fix this error    org.springframework.web.HttpMediaTypeNotAcceptableException Could not find acceptable representation.p  pI think my project is configured properly to handle json restful requests. In the past several days, I have read and applied various suggestions to no avail. Are there any more ideas on what else I should be doing differentlyp  pI am using Spring MVC 4.1.5 and com.fasterxml 2.5.1.p  pA portion of my pom.xmlp  precode ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtcom.fasterxml.jackson.coreltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjacksonannotationsltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt2.5.1ltversiongt     lttypegtbundlelttypegt  ltdependencygt  ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtcom.fasterxml.jackson.coreltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjacksoncoreltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt2.5.1ltversiongt     lttypegtbundlelttypegt  ltdependencygt  ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtcom.fasterxml.jackson.coreltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjacksondatabindltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt2.5.1ltversiongt     lttypegtbundlelttypegt  ltdependencygt codepre  pHere is my part of my web.xml   p  precodelt Creates the Spring Container shared by all Servlets and Filters gt ltlistenergt     ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListenerltlistenerclassgt ltlistenergt  lt Processes application requests gt ltservletgt     ltservletnamegtappServletltservletnamegt     ltservletclassgtorg.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServletltservletclassgt     ltinitparamgt         ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt         ltparamvaluegt             WEBINFspringappServletservletcontext.xml         ltparamvaluegt     ltinitparamgt     ltloadonstartupgt1ltloadonstartupgt ltservletgt  ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtappServletltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt ltservletmappinggt codepre  pHere is part of my servletcontext.xml    p  p     p  precodelt Handles HTTP GET requests for resources by efficiently serving up static resources in the webappRootresources directory gt ltresources mappingresources locationresources gt  lt Resolves views selected for rendering by Controllers to .jsp resources in the WEBINFviews directory gt ltbeansbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.InternalResourceViewResolvergt     ltbeansproperty nameprefix valueWEBINFviews gt     ltbeansproperty namesuffix value.jsp gt ltbeansbeangt  ltcontextcomponentscan basepackagecom.losgatosgt     ltcontextincludefilter typeannotation expressionorg.springframework.web.bind.annotation.ControllerAdvice gt ltcontextcomponentscangt    codepre  pHere is my controllerp  precodepackage com.losgatos.controllers  import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RequestMapping import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RestController  import com.losgatos.User  RestController RequestMapping user  public class UserController        RequestMapping value  data, producesapplicationjson      public User getUser         return new User          codepre  pHere is the User User POJOp  precodepackage com.losgatos  import java.util.EnumSet  public class User       public User         id  0         age  22         name  Titus Feng          alias  tornado tie         roles  EnumSet.of Role.NORMAL, Role.NEW            private int id, age     private String name, alias     private EnumSetltRolegt roles      added getters and setters here      public enum Role         NEW, NORMAL, ADMIN, MEMBER, DORMANT           codepre
Negative 3262 pNo matter what I try, an codeArrayListltint[]gtcode I have inside a method defaults to the same value. Using codeSystem.out.printlncodes, I was able to find out that the codewhilecode loop inside my method makes changes to the ArrayList, but once it exits the loop, it always defaults to having the array code[0,1,2]code.p  pHere is the methodp  precodeprivate int[][] computeHighestSum      int totalValue  Integer.MINVALUE     ArrayListltint[]gt lowestPositions  new ArrayListltint[]gt creates list to hold sequences     totalValue  int graphTraversalpositions[0] assigns default sequences value     lowestPositions.addpositions adds default sequence to the List      Object[] x      loops through and tries other sequences     whilex  graphTraversal[1]  null          if the current sequence produces greater value, clear the List, and then add this sequence, and assign new value to totalValue         ifint x[0] gt totalValue              lowestPositions.clear             totalValue  int x[0]             lowestPositions.addint[] x[1]           else ifint x[0]  totalValue               lowestPositions.addint[] x[1]                   return lowestPositions.toArraynew int[lowestPositions.size][]  codepre  pWhat the method does is initially traverse through a graph and computes a total value, and sets it to the default codetotalValuecode. Then it adds that particular graph navigation sequence to the codeArrayListltint[]gtcode which contains the navigation sequences in an codeint[]code. This becomes the default codetotalValuecode and graph sequence. p  pThen it traverses through the same graph using different sequences until it runs out of valid sequences. If it finds a value thats greater than the current codetotalValuecode, it assigns that value to codetotalValuecode, and clears the codeArrayListcode, and adds the new sequence. If it finds that its the same, it adds it to the codeArrayListcode. p  pInside the codewhilecode loop, it makes changes and everything, but as soon as the method ends, it the ArrayList always contains the same array. Funny thing is, if the codewhilecode loops finds an codencode number of same codetotalValuecodes, it adds all of them to the codeArrayListcode but then at the end of the method, all codencode elements inside the codeArrayListcode are the same array code[0,1,2]code.p  pEven if I take out the initial codelowestPositions.addpositionscode, which adds the [0,1,2] to begin with, it still defaults to it at the end. The codetotalValuecode is always computed correctly.p  pHere is my codeSystem.out.printlncode debugging code if it helpsp  precode private int[][] computeHighestSum      int totalValue  Integer.MINVALUE     ArrayListltint[]gt lowestPositions  new ArrayListltint[]gt     totalValue  int graphTraversalpositions[0]     lowestPositions.addpositions     System.out.printlnDefault Array added   Arrays.toStringpositions     Object[] x     whilex  graphTraversal[1]  null          System.out.printlnArrays.toStringint []x[1]         ifint x[0] gt totalValue              lowestPositions.clear             totalValue  int x[0]             lowestPositions.addint[] x[1]             System.out.printlnAn Array Greater Added   Arrays.toStringint[] x[1]             System.out.printlnArrays.toStringlowestPositions.get0          else ifint x[0]  totalValue              System.out.printlnAn Array Equal Added   Arrays.toStringint[] x[1]             lowestPositions.addint[] x[1]                   System.out.printlnArrays.toStringlowestPositions.get0     System.out.printlnlowestPositions.size     System.out.printlntotalValue     return lowestPositions.toArraynew int[lowestPositions.size][]  codepre  pHere are some sample outputs I am putting in the values for the matrix from terminal for now p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comp1kl1.png altSample outputp
Negative 3262 pI am using an MX a hrefhttphelp.adobe.comenUSFlashPlatformreferenceactionscript3mxcontrolsRichTextEditor.html relnofollowRich Text Editora that works fine in windowswith chrome, firefox , ie and safari. But when I use Safari browser in MAC machine, the font is not getting bold or italic. Is there any known issue for safari for flash player in MAC or a code level solution is required to handle MAC os p
Negative 3262 pI wanted to add animations to my app on page enter, and hooked with the default codeWinJS.UI.Animation.enterPageelementcode, and that worked fine sliding in the element from right to left. I need to slide it from bottom 100px to top. Once I overrode the default values with codeWinJS.UI.Animation.enterPageelement,  top 100px, left 0px code I saw no animation at all on my screen which is weird. However when coupled with codeWinJS.UI.Animation.exitPageoldElementcode, the animation seemed to work but I wanted to further tweak the timing.p  pfollowing as per a hrefhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsappsDn127042vwin.10.aspxcreatingcustomanimations relnofollowhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsappsDn127042vwin.10.aspxcreatingcustomanimationsa, didnt help. After using the example from Combining custom animations and transitions in the link, I could see only the opacity changing and the element fading in, however no translation at all. I tried the same pairing with codeWinJS.UI.Animation.exitPagecode, and adding my own customExitPage  basically using from WinJS, and with just opacity... and nothing just works. I was referring to some of the animation implementations from here as well  a hrefhttpsgithub.comwinjswinjsblobad8691b3d5227ff1576a5d2a90a42f022498d2a9srcjsWinJSAnimations.js relnofollowhttpsgithub.comwinjswinjsblobad8691b3d5227ff1576a5d2a90a42f022498d2a9srcjsWinJSAnimations.jsa, to get control over the timing.p  pAnyone else having this issue or am I doing something wrong... or is it WinJS behaving badp  pEDIT  weirdly enough the to top animation with codeenterPageelement, top 100px, left 0pxcode started working. However the custom animation still remains elusive.p
Negative 3262 pI use the PagerSlidingTabStrip from astuetz and i use icons in the selector. I have two fragments. The tabstrip is defined in the xmlp  precodeltcom.astuetz.PagerSlidingTabStrip     androidididptsOverview     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     pstspstsShouldExpandtrue     pstspstsIndicatorHeight5dp     pstspstsDividerColorFFFFFF     pstspstsIndicatorColorcolorptsindicatorgt codepre  pThe problem is that i cant find the correct icon size. If the size is too large, the icon is shown as center crop. If the icon is too small it is shown ungly.p  pAny idea what the correct size of a icon Thank youp
Negative 3262 pIm building a program that relies on the Fox Toolkit library in Visual Studio.  Library builds fine.  When I build the program I getp  precode1gtVDUFileSelector.obj  error LNK2001 unresolved external symbol public virtual void cdecl FXFXWindowattachunsigned long attachFXWindowFXUEAAXKZ 1gtVDUWizard.obj  error LNK2001 unresolved external symbol public virtual void cdecl FXFXWindowattachunsigned long attachFXWindowFXUEAAXKZ 1gtCUsersMyNameDropboxVDUwinVDUx64ReleasewinVDU.exe  fatal error LNK1120 1 unresolved externals codepre  pThis function is not in those files.  I tried using dumpbin header on the .obj files, but no attach symbol is present.  There is an FXFXWindowattachFXID id where FXID is a void defined in the Fox library.p  pI remove all references to the Fox library, and get hundreds of unresolved symbols when I build, as expected.  That means that those are all being satisfied by the library except for the attach.p  pWhat does MSVS want from me  They are both x64, have the same character set, same runtime library...p  pEDITp  pFound in the dumpbin for the fox libraryp  pFXFXWindowattachvoid  attachFXWindowFXUEAAXPEAXZp  pas what Visual Studio is looking forp  pFXFXWindowattachunsigned long attachFXWindowFXUEAAXKZp
Negative 3262 pI prefer to edit my WPF XAML in Visual Studio but there is no way to get a visual indication of what my datatemplates looks like unless you run the software and have it render the templates in a control. Alternately you can use Blend to preview the datatemplates stored in a Windows.Resources them but every time you save that window back in Visual Studio, it switches the designer back to viewing that window.... grrr.p  pIdeally, I want to be able to have Blend open on one monitor and never have to touch it unless I need it for a Blend task. I mostly want it to preview my templates and have it refresh and stay on that template when I save it on Visual Studio. I searched through the Blend options and didnt see anything. Has anyone come up with a good way to do thisp
Negative 3262 pI have problem while changing a query in PLSQL oracle with different proper query. Current query p  precodeSELECT MAX workzone            FROM sccddeviceuimtab           WHERE NAME LIKE 18075009   codepre  pmy client need the query revised because p  precodeFull table with a  should definitely be avoided. codepre  pwhat solution of this issuep  pThanks in advancep  hr  pAdding query from packagep  precodePROCEDURE sccdgetimpactservicemanual        infaultid          IN       VARCHAR2,       indeviceid         IN       VARCHAR2,       instatus           IN       VARCHAR2,       inopendate         IN       DATE,       inclosedate        IN       DATE,       outimpactresult   OUT      tcur,       outcountservice   OUT      NUMBER,       outworkzone        OUT      VARCHAR2,       pretchar          OUT      VARCHAR2,       pretnumber        OUT      NUMBER,       pretmsg           OUT      VARCHAR2        IS    BEGIN       SELECT orauser.ossagetstofromdevice indeviceid         INTO outworkzone         FROM DUAL        IF outworkzone IS NULL       THEN          SELECT MAX workzone            INTO outworkzone            FROM sccddeviceuimtab           WHERE NAME  indeviceid this is I try to solve           WHERE NAME LIKE indeviceid   this is the current issue       END IF codepre
Negative 3262 pThi is the first time Ive used StackOverFlow. Im hoping someone can help me. I have some database coursework and its all a mystery to me.p  pI have to create a 2 attribute tablep  pASSFILM  Fnum, Film,  p  pwhere  the primary key, Fnum is an SQL 1992 datatype but film is of Oracle XMLType. Then I need to populate it with the contents of 5 xml files I have sitting on my desktop which include actors, directors genres etc line by line and then run queries like Display the names of all films which Tom Cruise acted in. p  pI seem to have sussed creating the table. However, I cant seem to figure out the syntax for importing each xml file into each line of the table. I dont know if Ive created the table wrong, or Im importing the xml data wrong. p  pAny advice p  pJAVA CODE p  precodeStatement stmt  conn.createStatement         conn.setAutoCommitfalse         stmt.executeUpdateDROP TABLE ASS2FILM          CREATE THE SQL TABLE         stmt.executeUpdateCREATE TABLE ASS2FILMEnum VARCHAR3PK PRIMARY KEY,   film1 SYS.XMLTYPE             try         FileInputStream fis1  new FileInputStream CUsersBrendanDesktopAssignmentfilm1.xml         XMLType xmlv  new XMLType conn, fis1         System.out.printlnxmlv.getStringVal         stmt.executeUpdate INSERT INTO ASS2FILM VALUESGodfather,The, sys.XMLType.createXMLxmlv.getStringVal DATE20150312                  catch FileNotFoundException error              System.out.printlnError Could not find film1.xml file.          codepre  pXML CODE from the first XML filep  precodeltfilmgt lttitlegtGodfather, Thelttitlegt ltyeargt1972ltyeargt ltdirectorsgt ltdirectorgt Francis Ford Coppolaltdirectorgt ltdirectorsgt ltgenresgt ltgenregt Crime ltgenregt ltgenregt Drameltgenregt ltgenregt Mafia ltgenregt ltgenregtAdventureltgenregt ltgenresgt ltplotgt Son of a mafia boss takes over when his father is critically wounded ltplotgt ltcastgt ltperformergt ltactorgtMarlon Brandoltactorgt ltrolegtDon Vito Corrleoneltrolegt ltperformergt ltperformergt ltactorgtAl Pacinoltactorgt ltrolegtMichael Corleoneltrolegt ltperformergt ltperformergt ltactorgtDiane Keatonltactorgt ltrolegtKay Adams Corleoneltrolegt ltperformergt ltperformergt ltactorgtRobert Duvallltactorgt ltrolegtTom Hagenltrolegt ltperformergt ltperformergt ltactorgtJames Caanltactorgt ltrolegtSonny Corleoneltrolegt ltperformergt ltcastgt ltfilmgt codepre
Negative 3262 pIve read up on several posts here and elsewhere regarding very similar questions a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2510457installingcodeigniteronrootandwordpressinsubdirectorythis onea probably being the closest. The catch with our situation is that I dont want WP to be a blog that is appended to our app, but rather the thing people see when they hit our URL. The problem, of course, being that Codeigniter, since its in the root whilst WP is in codewordpresscode, has its index.php in the root. For me to set WP up to read as root without it being such requires emitsem index.php to be in the root.p  pAny ideas besides moving our application portion into a new directory Have tons of user activity at the moment that is mission critical so dont want to fool with potential downtime, conflicts, etc. Basically we want to not touch the app if at all possible and simply have people not logged in route to the WP marketing site without seeing wordpress in the URL.p  pThanks for any pointersp
Negative 3262 pI would like to develop crossplatform applications using wxWidgets on Linux and then port them to Windows using Cygwin. It is desirable to have a quick way to distribute the compiled application binaries for Windows. Do someone knows a way to compile and distribute wxWidgets applications using Cygwin, but preferably without needing to ask users to install a full Cygwin distributionp
Negative 3262 pIn my web application htaccess is able to translate seo friendly urls of the formp  precodeedmishome   edmissystemadmingroups       edmissystemadminstandardlistsaccountingCOA  codepre  p....br ....br TO  p  precodeedmisindex.phpcontenthome   edmisindex.phpcontentsystemadmingroups   edmisindex.phpcontentsystemadminstandardlistsaccountingCOA  codepre  p....br ....  p  pHowever I am caught in a situation where I need to redirect to page using jquery.For example,p  precodevar root  location.protocol    location.host window.location.hrefrootedmishome codepre  pTo my suprise,strongcodewindow.location.hrefcodestrong is always taking me to the index page,that is,codeedmisindex.phpcode removing the content parameter.br You assistance will be greatly appreciated as it will shorten hours of googling on web about this.br strongHere is the .htaccess filestrongp  precodeOptions MultiViews  Turn on rewriting RewriteEngine On  Starting with edmis RewriteBase edmis  If theres no file that matches the request RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f  nor a directory RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d RewriteRule . index.phpcontent1 [L,QSA] codepre
Negative 3262 pI have the following block of codep  precodestring price  1,234.56 decimal value  0 var allowedStyles  NumberStyles.AllowDecimalPoint amp NumberStyles.AllowThousands  if Decimal.TryParseprice, allowedStyles, CultureInfo.InvariantCulture, out value      Console.logThank you  else      throw new InvalidFormatException  codepre  pUltimately, codepricecode will either be in US style i.e. 1,234.56 or German style i.e. 1.234,56. My challenge is right now, codeDecimal.TryParsecode fails. I suspect its because of the thousands separator. Which is why I added the codeallowedStylescode variable. p  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 3262 pIm usingp  pEmber 1.10.0 Ember Data 1.0.0beta.15p  pI have a model like thisp  precodemodelsacceptedtask.js import DS from emberdata export default DS.Model.extend     userAggregateId DS.attrnumber,     taskAggregateId DS.attrnumber,     name DS.attrstring  codepre  pI get this back from the serverp  precodeacceptedTaskid5,userAggregateId1,taskAggregateId3,nameClean table codepre  pWhenever I get this json back ember throws the following errorp  precodeError Assertion Failed You must include an id for taskmanagementmodelacceptedtask in an object passed to push     at new Error native     at Error.EmberError httplocalhost4200assetsvendor.js2299223     at Object.Ember.assert httplocalhost4200assetsvendor.js1448915     at Ember.Object.extend.push httplocalhost4200assetsvendor.js7431715     at httplocalhost4200assetsvendor.js7478324     at Object.Backburner.run httplocalhost4200assetsvendor.js1074927     at emberdatalibsystemstoreadapterRun httplocalhost4200assetsvendor.js7475932     at httplocalhost4200assetsvendor.js7478016     at tryCatch httplocalhost4200assetsvendor.js6099016     at invokeCallback httplocalhost4200assetsvendor.js6100217 codepre  pIs anyone able to help me with this I feel like Im missing something basic after trolling half the internet for similar problems p  pThanks,p  pTomp
Negative 3262 pCan you pleas help me  I have this issue ORA01407 cannot update schema.UTILISATEUR.IDPERSONNE to NULL.p  p But I checked and schema.UTILISATEUR.IDPERSONNE is not null  Every record is filled.p  pBelow the query  p  precodeUPDATE schema.utilisateur   SET schema.utilisateur.IDPersonne  select testtable.NewIDPersonne                                         from testtable                                         where TESTTABLE.Login  schema.utilisateur.Login                                           and testtable.Newidpersonne is not null codepre
Negative 3262 pIve run into a rather annoying issue when dealing with auto generated classes thats part of the domain model.p  pFor example Im consuming an OData endpoint which has entities thats part of my core domain model. Im using the a hrefhttpsvisualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com9b786c0e79d14a5089a5125e57475937 relnofollowOData v4 Client Code Generatora tool which is great but it outputs something like thisp  precodepublic partial class FooBar      globalMicrosoft.OData.Client.BaseEntityType,     globalSystem.ComponentModel.INotifyPropertyChanged      ... codepre  pThats tightly coupled to the codeMicrosoft.OData.Clientcode which doesnt belong in the domain model.p  pOne way to emfixem this would be to keep the autogenerated codeFooBarcode class in a codeMicrosoft.OData.Clientcode infrastructure project and create my own POCO of FooBar in the codeDomainModelcode project and then use codeAutoMappercode to map between them. But thats so cumbersome p  pI much prefer the way Entity Framework does it via POCOs in the Code First approach. But I dont suppose that would be easy to implement elsewhere.p  pIm at a loss here. Id like to know what youve done when working with problems like this. Have I missed something obvious Any helpful input really p
Negative 3262 pI am looking to create a calculated member in SSAS 2012 that aggregates a Confirmed measure over a Confirmed Month hierarchy from the Confirmed Date dimension. I have attached a screenshot from a tool called Pyramid Analytics that shows what I have so far. I have also attached a screenshot of how the Confirmed Date dimension is laid out in BIDS. So, for each month in the future, the calculated member should aggregate the data to include the confirmed count for that month plus the confirmed count from all the previous months. p  pI am not very comfortable with writing MDX and I would be very grateful if someone could get me started. Thanks.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6FqES.png altenter image description hereimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6CXcF.png altenter image description herep
Negative 3262 pWhen I copypaste html in browser or Microsoft Word, format is preserved so I see that html data is stored somewhere. Im guessing its in windows clipboard memory.p  pI tried to view how it is stored via pywin32, but I can only get parsed data.p  pSay I copy      h1 h1     h2 h2 You can test it fromp  precodeltdoctype htmlgt lthtml langengt ltheadgt     ltmeta charsetUTF8gt     lttitlegtDocumentlttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt  lth1gt lth1gt lth2gt lth2gt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pAnd run this python codep  precodeimport win32clipboard class Clipboard     def enterself         win32clipboard.OpenClipboard         return win32clipboard     def exitself, type, value, traceback         win32clipboard.CloseClipboard  with Clipboard as c     formats  c.EnumClipboardFormats     printc.GetClipboardDataformats     printc.GetGlobalMemoryc.GetClipboardDataHandle.decodeeuckr       printc.GetGlobalMemoryc.GetClipboardDataHandleformats.decodeutf16, errorsignore codepre  pEverything returns just p  p p  p p  pIs there a way to view the raw html data Can I do it with pywin32p
Negative 3262 pim working with lotus notes 6.5.6 and sometimes, when users try to exegute an agent notes retrive loading USE or USELSX module error so, i have to go into the library that is used my that agent and resave it. After that the agent work. I dont know the cause of this error but im studying for understand it, meantime i have to find a solution that allow users to solve the problem without my presence. So im look for a solution that allow users to access the library and resave it to solve that error.p  pI try to do thisp  precodeDim db As NotesDatabase Dim session As New NotesSession Dim doclib As NotesDocument Dim colllib As NotesNoteCollection Dim id As String Set dbsession.CurrentDatabase Set colllib  db.CreateNoteCollectionFalse colllib.SelectScriptLibrariesTrue Call colllib.BuildCollection Idcolllib.GetFirstNoteId While Not Id          Set doclibdb.GetDocumentByIDId     If Not doclib Is Nothing Then         Call doclib.ComputeWithFormFalse,False         Call doclib.SaveTrue,False     End If     idcolllib.GetNextNoteIdId Wend codepre  pbut the error is not resolved. How can i do  thanksp
Negative 3262 pLately weve been stress testing some of our Cassandra clusters comparing performance of all combinations of consistency leves, preparednonprepared statements and syncasync execution modes and on every single configuration the highest performance has always been the combination of anyone nonprepared statements running asynchronouslyp  pThere are to bits meaningful there, anyone consistency levels are the less restrictive, so should be fastest therefore. Also running queries asynchronously, and therefore taking advantage of parallel computation should be, and is, faster than running them sequentially, but what about the prepared vs nonprepared statementp  pWeve always read and heard blogs, summits, evangelists, ... that we should favor prepared statements over non prepared whenever possible, but this results are confusing...p  pTo give you a bit of background weve used two different tools one internally built and cassandrastress both throwing the same results. p  pHas anyone come across this before Which is the explanation What are we missingp  pRegardsp  pEdit p  ul lia hrefhttpsgist.github.comcalonso99878f5495a51e68037e relnofollowResults using cassandrastress toolali lia hrefhttpsgist.github.comcalonso43ea2c5e7a61f831a86c relnofollowResults using our own Ruby scriptali ul
Negative 3262 pI have a base url that as far as I can tell works for any link that has code like codehref...code but does not work with files that are called by the codeincludecode command. p  pcodeltbase hrefhttp...www targetblankgtcodep  pFor example, suppose I am one directory down from the directory specified by the base url. The base directory contains, say, codehelper.csscode and a folder called codeincludescode that has a file codesidebmenu.htmcode. The code on the page that is one directory downp  precodeltlink hrefhelper.css mediascreen relstylesheet typetextcssgt codepre  pwill load codehelper.csscode. Likewise, any links to other pages inside the base directory and any sub folders are correctly called on.p  pHowever,p  pcodeltinclude fileincludessidemenu.htmgtcodep  pwill not work unless I use code..code to go up one directoryp  pcodeltinclude file..includessidemenu.htmgtcodep  pand then it will work. p  pIs there something similar to codeltbasegtcode that will make the paths to files called on by codeincludecode relative to the same base directory  p
Negative 3262 pI dragged 3 multi label text and put them right above each other like this in the storyboard.p  precodeMultitextlabel1 Multitextlabel2 Multitextlabel2 codepre  pBut when i build the project there are a large number of spaces between them like this.p  precodeMultitextlabel1   Multitextlabel2    Multitextlabel3 codepre  pHow do i remove the spaces between the multi label texts in MACOSX.Any ideasp
Negative 3262 pIm building a website based on bootstrap 3, and I require it to have a contact form. The code is literally copy and pasted but have adapted it for my use. Its quite simple and unfortunately, I cannot find the reference I used for it. below is the extract of the HTML codep  precodeltdiv classcontainergt       ltdiv classrowgt         ltdiv classcolmd4gt         lth3gtMessagelth3gtlthrgt         ltform namecontactform methodpost actionjscontact.phpgt         ltdiv classinputgroupgt         ltinput typetext classformcontrol placeholderName ariadescribedbynamegt         ltdivgt          ltbrgt          ltdiv classinputgroupgt         ltinput typeemail classformcontrol placeholderEmail ariadescribedbyemailgt         ltdivgt          ltbrgt          ltdiv classinputgroupgt         ltinput typetel classformcontrol placeholderPhone ariadescribedbyphonegt         ltdivgt          ltbrgt          ltdiv classinputgroupgt         ltinput typetext classformcontrol placeholderMessage ariadescribedbymessagegt         ltdivgt          ltbrgt          ltdiv classinputgroupbtngt         ltinput classbtn btndefault typesubmit valueSubmitgtlta hrefjscontact.phpgtltagt         ltdivgt          ltformgt         ltdivgt codepre  pThe Following below is the PHP script that was usedp  precodeltphp if issetPOST[email]        EDIT THE 2 LINES BELOW AS REQUIRED     emailto  fullbodyfitnessoutlook.com     emailsubject  enquiry      function diederror           your error code can go here         echo We are very sorry, but there were errors found with the form you submitted.          echo These errors appear below.ltbr gtltbr gt         echo error.ltbr gtltbr gt         echo Please go back and fix these errors.ltbr gtltbr gt          die            validation expected data exists     ifissetPOST[name]          issetPOST[email]          issetPOST[phone]          issetPOST[message]           diedWe are sorry, but there appears to be a problem with the form you submitted.                 firstname  POST[name]  required     emailfrom  POST[email]  required     telephone  POST[phone]  not required     comments  POST[message]  required      errormessage        emailexp  [AZaz09.][AZaz09.].[AZaz]2,4      if pregmatchemailexp,emailfrom        errormessage . The Email Address you entered does not appear to be valid.ltbr gt           stringexp  [AZaz .]      if pregmatchstringexp,name        errormessage . The Name you entered does not appear to be valid.ltbr gt            if strlenmessage lt 2      errormessage . The Message you entered do not appear to be valid.ltbr gt       if strlenerrormessage gt 0      diederrormessage       emailmessage  Form details below.nn    function cleanstringstring      bad  arraycontenttype,bcc,to,cc,href     return strreplacebad,,string       emailmessage . Name .cleanstringname.n   emailmessage . Email .cleanstringemailfrom.n   emailmessage . Phone .cleanstringphone.n   emailmessage . Message .cleanstringmessage.n     create email headers   headers  From .emailfrom.rn.   ReplyTo .emailfrom.rn .   XMailer PHP . phpversion   mailemailto, emailsubject, emailmessage, headers     lt include your own success html here gt   Thank you for contacting us. We will be in touch with you very soon. gt codepre
Negative 3262 pI want to maintain width of code600 pxcode and height be adjusted accordingly in order to emmaintain aspect ratioem. How can that be achievedp  pI m using following codep  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml langen xmllangengt ltheadgt     lttitlegtlttitlegt     ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcswfobject.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         swfobject.registerObjectmyFlashContent, 9.0.0     ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltdivgt         ltobject classidclsidD27CDB6EAE6D11cf96B8444553540000 width600 idmyFlashContentgt             ltparam namemovie valueswffile.swf gt             lt[if IE]gtgt             ltobject typeapplicationxshockwaveflash dataswffile.swf width600gt             ltlt[endif]gt                 lta hrefhttpwww.adobe.comgogetflashplayergt                     ltimg srchttpwww.adobe.comimagesshareddownloadbuttonsgetflashplayer.gif altGet Adobe Flash player gt                 ltagt             lt[if IE]gtgt             ltobjectgt             ltlt[endif]gt         ltobjectgt     ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 3262 pIm attempting to transfer one object containing an ArrayList of other Objects to another Activity in Android. The idea is to add those to an ArrayList and display them so that the Task in question can be performed.p  precodeTask ta  new Taskn, o, t, v, subList      Intent i  new Intentthis, ActivityList.class     i.putExtratask, ta     startActivityi codepre  pThis is the intent. Task is Parcelable, and the subList is an ArrayList of class Subtask which is also Parcelable.  Surely, since ArrayList always implement Serializable, Parcelling them shouldnt be a problem The constructor arguments are String, byte, byte, byte, ArrayList. The bytes are to be used as booleans.p  pHere is the Parcel code for Task if you need itp  precodeOverride public void writeToParcelParcel dest, int flags      dest.writeStringtaskName     dest.writeBytebyte soundCueOne  1  0     dest.writeBytebyte soundCueTwo  1  0     dest.writeBytebyte vibrCue  1  0     dest.writeSerializablemyList   private TaskParcel in      this.taskName  in.readString     this.soundCueOne  in.readByte  0     this.soundCueTwo  in.readByte  0     this.vibrCue  in.readByte  0     this.myList  ArrayListltSubtaskgt in.readSerializable       public static final Parcelable.Creator CREATOR  new Parcelable.Creator      public Task createFromParcelParcel in          return new Taskin           public Task[] newArrayint size          return new Task[size]       codepre  pCan anyone see what is wrong with the code Its obviously somewhere, maybe even in the Subtask class, since the emulator crashes as soon as the Task is constructed and it tries to Parcel it. p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to call the codeSavecode method from a codeSystem.Drawing.Imagecode object, after loading the assembly from the GACp  precodedrawingAssembly  Assembly.Load                     System.Drawing, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3a  drawingAssembly.GetTypeImage.GetMethodSave.InvokemyImageObject, new object[]  path  codepre  pBut its not working. I cant even get the type for some reason this returns nullp  precodevar t  drawingAssembly.GetTypeImage  null codepre
Negative 3262 pIve been a couple of days trying to get jalview to work, but none of my attempts worked.p  pIm runningp  precodejava version 1.7.076 JavaTM SE Runtime Environment build 1.7.076b13 Java HotSpotTM 64Bit Server VM build 24.76b04, mixed mode codepre  pwith Jalviews version jalview282.tar.gz.p  pWhen I run it without privileges, it starts but said that cant open the input file. And when i run it with privileges Java blocks it although I created an exception for the file in java control panel...p  pThe error from the title pops up when I try to call Jalview from Django, and I cant find any reference to this error anywhere.p
Negative 3262 pI have built an crossplatform app that involves playing audio podcast mp3 files in the background.p  pI have followed the examples as best as I can for performing background audio on Windows Phone 8.1 XAML apps.  It will launch and try to start sometimes giving a second or two of audio, and then I get this in the outputp  precodeThe program [3284] Windows.Media.BackgroundPlayback.exe has exited with code 1 0x1. codepre  pI dont even know where to look from here.  It doesnt seem to raise an actual exception in the application itself.  Any idea what is wrong or how to further troubleshoot thisp
Negative 3262 pmy .htaccess file contain this code p  precodeRewriteRule [azAZ09] profile.phpusername1 RewriteRule [azAZ09] profile.phpusername1 codepre  pfor changing this url p  precodehttplocalhostprofile.phpusernamesrinivas codepre  ptop  precodehttplocalhostsrinivas codepre  pand I want to know how can i get the username with GET[username] in phpp
Negative 3262 pI am looking to unshorten resolve a url in python, when the final urls are https. I have seen the question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7153096howcaniunshortenaurlusingpythonHow can I unshorten a URL using pythona emas well as similar othersem, however as noted in the comment to the accepted answer, this solution only works when the urls is not redirected to https.p  pFor reference, the code in that question which works fine when redirecting to http urls isp  precode This is for Py2k.  For Py3k, use http.client and urllib.parse instead, and  use  instead of  for the division import httplib import urlparse  def unshortenurlurl     parsed  urlparse.urlparseurl     h  httplib.HTTPConnectionparsed.netloc     resource  parsed.path     if parsed.query           resource    parsed.query     h.requestHEAD, resource      response  h.getresponse     if response.status100  3 and response.getheaderLocation         return unshortenurlresponse.getheaderLocation  changed to     process chains of short urls     else         return url codepre  pnote  for obvious bandwidth reasons, I am looking to achieve via only asking for the file headers [i.e. like the httponly version above] and not by asking for the content of the whole pagesp
Negative 3262 pUsually I am able to solve these types of issues with white space and such, but this one has me stumped. I have no idea what is causing it, but there is a small white space between two divs on my website that I am working on. a hrefhttpscenturylegacy.codio.iofixednavmasterindex.html relnofollowHere is the linka to it where you can see it right below the main image. Here is an image of the problem also. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGSKXF.png altenter image description herep  pHere is also some code from the website it happens right below the main image divp  precodeltheadergt   lta hrefhome classlogo datascrollgtJohn Doe  Web Developer amp Designerltagt   ltnav classnavcollapsegt     ltulgt       ltli classmenuitem activegtlta hrefhome datascrollgtHomeltagtltligt       ltli classmenuitemgtlta hrefabout datascrollgtAboutltagtltligt       ltli classmenuitemgtlta hrefprojects datascrollgtProjectsltagtltligt       ltli classmenuitemgtlta hrefblog datascrollgtBlogltagtltligt     ltulgt   ltnavgt ltheadergt  ltdiv idmainimagegt         ltimg idimage1 srchttpsdownload.unsplash.comphoto14217572955389c80958e75b0gt ltdivgt  ltdiv classcontainerbluegt ltdiv idabout classjumbotrongt          lth1gtWho am Ilth1gt         ltpgtI am a self taught successful web developer and I am constantly striving to learn new web development techniques. I like to build projects in my free time.ltpgt         ltpgtI am always available to talk about building you your website. You can contact me by email at lta hrefmailtojohndoegmail.comgtjohndoegmail.comltagt or call me anytime at 1234567890. We can work together to build your custom website or whatever you need done.ltpgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pCSS a hrefhttpscenturylegacy.codio.iofixednavmastercssstyles.css relnofollowdirect link to all of the CSSa p  precode nametitle          fontfamily Open Sans, sansserif         color white         fontweight 300         margin 0       mainimage          width 100         height 100      .jumbotron        padding 50px   width auto   color white   textalign center   margin 0 auto  .jumbotronwhite        padding 50px   width auto   color black   textalign center   margin 0 auto  .jumbotron h1      fontsize 2.8em     lineheight 1.3em   .containerwhite    width 100   height 50   textalign center   margin 0 auto   backgroundcolor white  .containerblue      width 100   height 50   textalign center   margin 0 auto   backgroundcolor 34495E  codepre
Negative 3262 pSo this was my initial question. strongemThe answeremstrong to my question below, seems to be that the only solution to get UTF8 and UTF8 without BOM encoding, is to use the ADODB.Stream object.br The answer to my new question in the subject line is posted as a code.br bremI am sitting here and trying to codeSavecode an Excel sheet as a code.CSVcodefile with a VBA macro.br  However, I am wondering if it matters whether I use codeADODBcodecodeADODB.Streamcode or just code.SaveAscode codeFileformatxlCSVcode. I have tried to Google it, and it seems like I cannot find an answer to which method is the best. I would need it to be comma delimited, UTF8, and double quotations  as textidentifier.br br Is it correct that when you use codeFileformatcode, it is not possible to codeSaveAscode UTF8, since the codexlCSVcode is not using that encodingem strongYES, that is correct.strongbr br brThis code will convert your Excel sheet and save it as a CSV file with the UTF8 without BOM encoding. I found this code on a website, so I will not take credit for it. a hrefhttpswww.google.czurlsatamprctjampqampesrcsampsourcewebampcd1ampcadrjaampuact8ampved0CCEQFjAAampurlhttp3A2F2Fvbacorner.livejournal.com2F5733.htmlampeiOOEkVf31O8alsAHUnIHgBAampusgAFQjCNHm2E0tNI8e3qolNR77dJGsLK3nIQampsig2aILAtb4800hyo7qdbuMydQ relnofollowCSV without BOM linkap  precodeSub CSVFileAsUTF8WithoutBOM Dim SrcRange As Range Dim CurrRow As Range Dim CurrCell As Range Dim CurrTextStr As String Dim ListSep As String Dim FName As Variant Dim UTFStream As Object Dim BinaryStream As Object   ask for file name and path   FName  Application.GetSaveAsFilename, CSV File .csv, .csv   prepare UTF8 stream   Set UTFStream  CreateObjectadodb.stream   UTFStream.Type  adTypeText   UTFStream.Mode  adModeReadWrite   UTFStream.Charset  UTF8   UTFStream.LineSeparator  adLF   UTFStream.Open    set field separator   ListSep  ,   set source range with data for csv file   If Selection.Cells.count gt 1 Then     Set SrcRange  Selection   Else     Set SrcRange  ActiveSheet.UsedRange   End If    For Each CurrRow In SrcRange.Rows     enclose each value with quotation marks and escape quotation marks in values     CurrTextStr       For Each CurrCell In CurrRow.Cells       CurrTextStr  CurrTextStr amp  amp ReplaceCurrCell.Value, ,  amp  amp ListSep     Next     remove ListSep after the last value in line     While RightCurrTextStr, 1  ListSep       CurrTextStr  LeftCurrTextStr, LenCurrTextStr  1     Wend     add line to UTFStream     UTFStream.WriteText CurrTextStr, adWriteLine   Next    skip BOM   UTFStream.Position  3    copy UTFStream to BinaryStream   Set BinaryStream  CreateObjectadodb.stream   BinaryStream.Type  adTypeBinary   BinaryStream.Mode  adModeReadWrite   BinaryStream.Open    Strips BOM first 3 bytes   UTFStream.CopyTo BinaryStream    UTFStream.Flush   UTFStream.Close    save to file   BinaryStream.SaveToFile FName, adSaveCreateOverWrite   BinaryStream.Flush   BinaryStream.Close  End Sub codepre
Negative 3262 pI have some files that have the same name but have 1 2 3 append to them.  Unfortunately Im horrible with regex. Can someone help me with the regex string to strip off the trailing 2 from the entire filename.p  pFor examplep  precodeMyFile1.jpg gtgt MyFile.jpg AnotherFile3.docx gtgt AnotherFile.docx Last.Example.Boo999.xlsx gtgt Last.Example.Boo.xlsx codepre  pThanks SOp
Negative 3262 pI want to write little application operating on MySQL database. However after reading this two topics below I got confused what is the proper way to work with Connection to databasep  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions312702isitsafetokeepdatabaseconnectionsopenforlongtimeis it safe to keep database connections open for long timeap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2225221closingdatabaseconnectionsinjavaClosing Database Connections in Javaap  pOne say I should keep Connection for a long time and Statements short, and second that I should close everything as soon as possible.p  pWhich is the betterproper wayp  pstrongExample 1strongp  precode    private void query         final String query  SELECT  FROM database         MysqlDataSource dataSource  new MysqlDataSource         dataSource.setServerNamelocalhost         dataSource.setDatabaseNamedatabase         dataSource.setUserroot         dataSource.setPasswordpassword          try Connection connection  dataSource.getConnection              try PreparedStatement preparedStatement  connection.prepareStatementquery                  try ResultSet resultSet  preparedStatement.executeQuery                       working with resultset                                       catchException exception              handling exception               codepre  por is it okay to open connection which will last until application is closedp  pstrongExample 2strongp  precodepublic class Main extends Application       public static Connection connection I will use this everywhere      Override     public void startStage primaryStage           opening connection and setting on close request         MysqlDataSource dataSource  new MysqlDataSource         dataSource.setServerNamelocalhost         dataSource.setDatabaseNamedatabase         dataSource.setUserroot         dataSource.setPasswordpassword         try              connection  dataSource.getConnection             System.out.printlnconnected to   dataSource.getDatabaseName          catch SQLException e               exception                   primaryStage.setOnCloseRequestegt             try                  connection.close                 System.out.printlnconnection closed              catch Exception exc                   System.err.printlncouldnt close connection                                 try              BorderPane root  BorderPaneFXMLLoader.loadgetClass.getResourceCONSTANTS.ROOTMAINWINDOW.string             Scene scene  new Sceneroot             scene.getStylesheets.addgetClass.getResourceviewapplication.css.toExternalForm             primaryStage.setScenescene             primaryStage.show          catchException e              e.printStackTrace                    public static void mainString[] args          launchargs       codepre  por maybe you know better wayp
Negative 3262 pI have a code snippet that shows a div once you click the menu item, there are different divs on this space and what the menu does is hide the one that was there before and show the new one, the problem is when I click on the same menu item it shows the current div again and I want to stop that from happening, it should only show the animation if its not the current one, if it is nothing should happen.p  pHere is the code snippet p  precodevar curPage menu a.clickfunction       if curPage.length           curPage.hideslide            curPagethis.datapage      curPage.showslide        codepre  pAnd here is a demo of how its occuring now a hrefhttpsjsfiddle.netLfsvc1ta relnofollowhttpsjsfiddle.netLfsvc1taap
Negative 3262 pIm using a hrefhttpsgithub.comindyarmyjQuery.awesomeCloud.plugin relnofollowhttpsgithub.comindyarmyjQuery.awesomeCloud.plugina to create tag cloud element in wordpress. Ive created it and it works  if there is only one element. And I need it to work if there are multiple elements.p  pSo I have several repeating elements on the site with the same class likep  precodeltdiv classtagcloudgt     ltspan dataweight19gtBlaltspangt     ltspan dataweight29gtBlaaltspangt     ltspan dataweight39gtBlaaaltspangt     ltspan dataweight79gtBlaaaaaltspangt     ltspan dataweight59gtBlaaaaaaaaltspangt ltdivgt codepre  pAnd this repeats 4 times. In my jquery Ive targeted the element codetagcloudcode with code.eachcode functionp  precodedocument.readyfunction         var settings                   size                       grid  1,  word spacing, smaller is more tightly packed                     factor  0,  font resize factor, 0 means automatic                     normalize  false  reduces outliers for more attractive output                 ,                 color                       background  rgba255,255,255,0,  background color, transparent by default                     start  fff,  color of the smallest font, if options.color  gradient                     end  fff  color of the largest font, if options.color  gradient                 ,                 options                       color  gradient,  randomlight, randomdark, gradient                     rotationRatio  0.35,  0 is all horizontal, 1 is all vertical                     printMultiplier  3,  set to 3 for nice printer output higher numbers take longer                     sort  random  highest, lowest or random                 ,                 font  Arimo, sansserif,   the CSS fontfamily string                 shape  square  circle, square, star or a theta function describing a shape                      .tagcloud.eachfunction             this.awesomeCloudsettings               codepre  pAnd the weird thing is, that in every element, under my spans with dataweight I can see the   element, but all the words are rendered in the first element, which I dont want of course. p  pIs there an easy workaround around this, or will I have to add a counter to the elements as a class additional class code.element1code, code.element2code etc. and target them individually with some kind of for or while loop in my jqueryp
Negative 3262 pline codepresentViewControllercode crash appp  precodeinterface VVPassbook  NSObject  property nonatomic, retain id delegate  voidgotPassbookFromUrlNSURL passbookUrl  end  import VVPassbook.h  implementation VVPassbook      voidgotPassbookFromUrlNSURL passbookUrl          present view controller to add the pass to the library                 PKAddPassesViewController vc  [[PKAddPassesViewController alloc] initWithPasspass]                 [vc setDelegateidself.delegate]                 [self.delegate presentViewControllervc animatedYES completionnil]      end codepre  pim call this method in AppDelegate.m in methodp  precode     voidapplicationUIApplicationapplication didReceiveRemoteNotification     NSDictionaryuserInfo  VVPassbook pass  [[VVPassbook alloc] init] pass.delegate  self.window.rootViewController [pass gotPassbookFromUrlMYURL ]  codepre  pall times error p  precodereason Application tried to present a nil modal view controller on target ltVVRightManuViewController 0x15dd28460gt. codepre
Negative 3262 pAs per OrientDB docs it says p  blockquote   pThe Drop Property command removes a property from the schema. This   doesnt remove the property values in records, but just change the   schema information. Records will continue to have the property values   if any.p blockquote  pThis is creating some issues in my code, making app throw null pointer exception for dropped properties. Is there any way to drop property and remove values from existing records too. p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pI have a spacedelimited text file where the bulk of the rows look like thisp  precode 23123456AB 123456 A B [and 600K more columns after that] codepre  pHowever, there are some rows where the first 5 columns look like thisp  precode23 . 234567 C D codepre  pCan anyone suggest an awk or sed command or any alternative method that would change the first column from code23code to codecode and the second column from code.code to code23234567CDcode using the data from the first five columns while leaving the other columns untouched, but only in those rows that start with code23codep
Negative 3262 pIm going to create a php file with 2 loan calculators inside. This file should be included as a panel like [panel namecalculatormain].  On the Home Page, file should display both calculator interfaces. On other pages  just a single calculator.p  pIm thinking to display appropriate calculator on the page with the following wayp  precodeswitch display  case  calculator 1  First calculator content  break case calculator 2   Second calculator content  break default  here come 2 combined calculators for the Home Page   codepre  pI would much appreciate if anybody will guide me how to call display parameter in the panel.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to create a list view with split buttons., The button that is split should be a delete icon allowing the user to delete the element from the list. I have read the tutorials which say, all you have to do to add a split icons in your list is to add a second link within the list item. The code below works fine until it reaches the delete link, which should have appeared as a delete icon. However it doesnt and just returns as a text hyperlink.p  precodeltphp         include db configuration file         includeonceconfig.php         echo ltul datarolelistview dataspliticondeletegt          MySQLi query         results  mysqligtquerySELECT customerid,customername,barberid FROM barberqueue ORDER BY customerid         get all records from adddeleterecord table         whilerow  resultsgtfetchassoc                  echo ltligtlta hrefhergt                         customerid  row[customerid]           echo Customer ID           echo row[customerid]           echo customername           echo row[customername]           echo row[barberid].ltligt            echo ltagtlta hrefdeletecustomer.phpcustomerid.customerid.  gtDeleteltagt           echo ltligt                  echo ltulgt         close db connection         mysqligtclose     gt codepre  pHelp appreciatedp
Negative 3262 pI have a list of strings and those strings are lists. Like this code[[1,2,3],[10,12,5]]code, for example. I want to get a list of lists or even every list there p  precode[[1,2,3],[10,12,5]] codepre
Negative 3262 pHopefully its a simple question. I am trying to make a HEADGET request to a university server, making sure the server even exists. The HEAD request sends first, and if that fails we send a GET request. Unfortunately, both requests are returning 403s. This is using a little Java program I made. p  pNow when I use Linux to send HEADGET requests, I get a 200 response with both. So what is the deal here Is there a difference in information requested with Java compared to Linux Thank you in advance for anythingp  pEDIT Here is the code. The command I use to run it is simply java FILE URL. The Linux command I compared it to is curl I URL.p  precodepublic static boolean urlHeadRequestString link      PageConnection conn     boolean problem  false     int status     URL url     try         iflink.indexOf  1             link  link.substring0, link.lastIndexOf                   url  new URLlink         conn  new PageConnectionurl         System.out.printlnRequesting   link         Set the request method to HEAD  only get back header information         conn.setRequestMethodHEAD         status  conn.getHttpResponseCode         System.out.printlntHEAD request status   status         Try GET request if HEAD fails, this takes longer but is more likely to succeed         if status gt 200 ampamp status lt 299             System.out.printlnServer is good.                        else  Server is down             conn  new PageConnectionurl             conn.setRequestMethodGET             status  conn.getHttpResponseCode             System.out.printlnHEAD request failed. Using GET request...             if status lt 200  status gt 299                 problem  true                 System.out.printlnlink   is unreachable with status   status                          else                 problem  false                 System.out.printlnURL is reachable using GET request with status   status                                catchException e         System.out.printlnError Server is not responding or does not exist.             return problem   codepre  pPageConnection is a custom class. I think these two functions might be relevantp  precodepublic void setRequestMethodString method throws ProtocolException                  huc.setRequestMethodmethod                  return HTTP status code, an integer between 0 and 999.  For details see lta hrefhttpwww.w3.orgProtocolsHTTPHTRESP.htmlgtW3C HTTP Response Codesltagt       throws IOException           public int getHttpResponseCode throws IOException                  this.huc.getErrorStream             return this.huc.getResponseCode      codepre  pHopefully this helps a bit.p
Negative 3262 pI have this script in build.gradle and i am unable to access tomcat home from system environmental variables. FYI  null value I verified i have environmental variable as TOMCATHOME  CtomcatCapachetomcat8.0.21p  pAny ideas what i might be doing wrong p  precodebuild.mustRunAfter clean  task deploydependsOn [clean, build, deployWar] ltlt      println      println hcadmin.war installed     println    task deployWartype Copy      from war     into System.getPropertyTOMCATHOME  webapps  codepre
Negative 3262 pI want to understand the object creation best practices in Java Programming. I have given an example below Please check and suggest me  Orphan Objects in Java Good or Badp  pI have an codeShapecode interface.p  ol licodeCircle implements Shapecodeli licodeSquare implements Shapecodeli licodeCube implements Shapecodeli licodeSphere implements Shapecodeli ol  pApproach 1 causes orphan objects, Approach 2 causes unnecessary references. Which approach is the best practicep  pstrongApproach 1strongp  precode    Shape shape     shape  new Circle   CREATES CIRCLE OBJECT     shape.draw     shape  new Cube     CREATES CUBE OBJECT     shape.draw     shape  new Sphere   CREATES SPHERE OBJECT     shape.draw     shape  new Square   CREATES SQUARE OBJECT     shape.draw codepre  pstrongApproach 2strongp  precode    Circle circle  new Circle     circle.draw     Cube cube  new Cube     cube.draw     Sphere sphere  new Sphere     sphere.draw     Square square  new Square     square.draw codepre
Negative 3262 pI use scaffolding in rails and I have part of texttext. how can I change that my text is not everything in one line. If I press RETURNENTER that save that RETURNENTER in my datap  pnow is everything in one linep
Negative 3262 pI would like to be able to extract all the anchor tags from my input string,  under the heading codepickscode. p  pstrongFor example, here is my input feed going into bottom variablestrongp  precodestring bottom  ltP alignjustifygtltSTRONGgtpicksltBRgt ltA hrefArticle.aspx articlefrothampampPUB250ampampISS22787ampampSID51610 name  targetblankgtfrothltAgtltSTRONGgt Text...ltBRgtltSTRONGgt ltA hrefArticle.aspxarticleBouncing backampampPUB250ampampISS22787ampampSID51603 name targetblankgtBouncing backltAgtltSTRONGgt Text...ltBRgtltSTRONGgtltPgt codepre  pC function p  precode     string bottom  reader.GetString1                  string price                   if bottom.ToLower.Containspicks                                       price  bottom.Substringbottom.IndexOfpicks, 5                      HtmlDocument html  new HtmlDocument                      html.LoadHtmlbottom                     var anchors  html.DocumentNode.DescendantsA                          foreach var a in anchors                                                      result  a.OuterHtml                                            codepre  pMy issue is, the above function is only able to extract the last anchor as an output, from the input string, whereas the input string contains two anchor tags.  I tried using codeAnycode method with the anchor variable, but I could not get the desired result with that also. p  pany further help would be very much appreciated. Thanksp
Negative 3262 pI have a Arduino GSM shield GSM R3 connected to arduino uno and I want to start a ussd session. p  ol lipIs there any official documentation on how to do this  as the one for sms send and receive on a hrefhttparduino.ccenGuideArduinoGSMShield relnofollowhttparduino.ccenGuideArduinoGSMShielda. Are there any officialrecommended libraries that should be used for USSD pli lipHow to check whether the GSM shied is supporting SIM900pli ol  pThank youp
Negative 3262 pIn old Rails versions one could call a Model by name in the console and get a list of all attributes. In the new versions that is not possible  at least not right away until a connection is establishedp  precode rails c Loading development environment Rails 4.2.1 gtgt Product gt Product call Product.connection to establish a connection gtgt  codepre  pI know that this is a feature and not a bug. And I know that a simple codeProduct.countcode would establish the connection. Im wondering what other method I could call to receive the list of attributes that automatically establishes the connection to the database. Im looking for this outputp  precodegt Productid integer, name string, createdat datetime, updatedat datetime codepre
Negative 3262 pIm working on a small C project that uses curl and miniz. Curl is installed as a shared library and Miniz is inside .minizfolderp  pIt downloads and compress a single file from a given URL. The makefile Im using isp  precodeCC  gcc  ifeq OS,WindowsNT     CCFLAGS  D WIN32     ifeq PROCESSORARCHITECTURE,AMD64         CCFLAGS  D AMD64 endif ifeq PROCESSORARCHITECTURE,x86     CCFLAGS  D IA32 endif else     UNAMES  shell uname s     ifeq UNAMES,Linux         CCFLAGS  D LINUX     endif             Mac OS X            ifeq UNAMES,Darwin     CFLAGS  Wall g     CFLAGS  Iusrlocallib Lusrlocallib     OSNAME  MacOSX          endif             Ubuntu 64 bits            UNAMEP  shell uname p     ifeq UNAMEP,x8664         CFLAGS  Wall g         CFLAGS  Iusrlocallib Lusrlocallib         OSNAME  Linux     endif      endif              VERBOSE  v CFLAGS  VERBOSE stdc99  example     CC v CFLAGS examplecode.c o examplecodeOSNAME lcurl codepre  pNow I want to use curl as a static library. I read that I can copy the libcurl.a file into the same location of the examplecode.c, and modify the Makefile linep  precodeCFLAGS  Iusrlocallib Lusrlocallib codepre  ptop  precodeCFLAGS  Bstatic L. lcurl codepre  pAnd add thisp  precodestaticexample     CC v examplecode.c CFLAGS o staticexamplecodeOSNAME codepre  pBy doingp  precodemake staticexample codepre  pI gotp  precodegcc v examplecode.c Wall g Bstatic L. lcurl v stdc99 o  staticexamplecodeLinux Using builtin specs. COLLECTGCCgcc COLLECTLTOWRAPPERusrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.6ltowrapper Target x8664linuxgnu Configured with ..srcconfigure v withpkgversionUbuntuLinaro 4.6.31ubuntu5 withbugurlfileusrsharedocgcc4.6README.Bugs enablelanguagesc,c,fortran,objc,objc prefixusr programsuffix4.6 enableshared enablelinkerbuildid withsystemzlib libexecdirusrlib withoutincludedgettext enablethreadsposix withgxxincludedirusrincludec4.6 libdirusrlib enablenls withsysroot enableclocalegnu enablelibstdcxxdebug enablelibstdcxxtimeyes enablegnuuniqueobject enableplugin enableobjcgc disablewerror witharch32i686 withtunegeneric enablecheckingrelease buildx8664linuxgnu hostx8664linuxgnu targetx8664linuxgnu Thread model posix gcc version 4.6.3 UbuntuLinaro 4.6.31ubuntu5  COLLECTGCCOPTIONSv Wall g B static L. v stdc99 o staticexamplecodeLinux mtunegeneric marchx8664 usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.6cc1 quiet v v imultilib . imultiarch x8664linuxgnu examplecode.c quiet dumpbase examplecode.c mtunegeneric marchx8664 auxbase examplecode g Wall stdc99 version fstackprotector o tmpccOU3ajz.s GNU C UbuntuLinaro 4.6.31ubuntu5 version 4.6.3 x8664linuxgnu compiled by GNU C version 4.6.3, GMP version 5.0.2, MPFR version 3.1.0p3, MPC version 0.9 GGC heuristics param ggcminexpand100 param ggcminheapsize131072 ignoring nonexistent directory usrlocalincludex8664linuxgnu ignoring nonexistent directory usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.6........x8664linuxgnuinclude include ... search starts here include lt...gt search starts here  usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.6include  usrlocalinclude  usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.6includefixed  usrincludex8664linuxgnu  usrinclude End of search list. GNU C UbuntuLinaro 4.6.31ubuntu5 version 4.6.3 x8664linuxgnu     compiled by GNU C version 4.6.3, GMP version 5.0.2, MPFR version 3.1.0p3, MPC version 0.9 GGC heuristics param ggcminexpand100 param ggcminheapsize131072 Compiler executable checksum 75e879ed14f91af504f4150eadeaa0e6 examplecode.c523 fatal error curlcurl.h No such file or directory compilation terminated. make  [staticexample] Error 1 codepre  pIs there something Im missing about using the libcurl.a static libraryp
Negative 3262 pI dont understand how Geocoding request should be formulated to always return an expected result.p  pI try to know all cities of Apremont in France for example. So I send the requestp  precodehttpsmaps.googleapis.commapsapigeocodejsonsensorfalseampaddressApremont,fr codepre  pBut it only returns an apremont in Vende, 85.p  pNow, if I send the following request,p  pa hrefhttpsmaps.googleapis.commapsapigeocodejsonsensorfalseampaddressApremont,fr,26 relnofollowhttpsmaps.googleapis.commapsapigeocodejsonsensorfalseampaddressApremont,fr,26ap  pit effectively find all Apremont in France 26, 73, 85, etc..., and more but here is not the subject.p  pSo, how to format the request to ask geocoding to returns all cities of Apremontp  pRegards,p
Negative 3262 pi have correctly running code for mvc4 using c as followsp  precode        try                       foreach var spec in db.Questions                              int[] ans  db.Answers.Wherem gt m.inId  spec.inId.Selectm gt m.inAnswerID.ToArray                  Random RandString  new Random                 foreach var prod in db.Sheet                                      SheetAns prodAns  new SheetAns                                               inSheetID  prod.inSheetID                                           SheetAns.inAnswerID  ans[RandString.Next0, ans.Length]                     db.SheetAns.AddprodAns                                           db.SaveChanges             return Success                   catchException ex                      return Fail gt   ex.Message           codepre  pthis code is having large execution time.p  pI want to perform same operation using sql query or stored procedure for database. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comxZeNa.png altenter image description herep  pHow can we convert this code to pure sql server 2008 queryor stored procedure  p  pThank you, in advance.p
Negative 3262 pMATLAB said The fir2 function also designs windowed FIR filters, but with an arbitrarily shaped piecewise linear frequency response.  This is in contrast to fir1, which only designs filters in standard lowpass, highpass, bandpass, and bandstop configurations.p  pI found fir filter coefficients with fir1 command  and get frequency responses by using freqz as followsp  precodeb1fir1M,wn,high  b1highpass FIR filter coefficients  hdfreqzb1,1,w FIR filter frequency responses with respect to b1 codepre  pthen I pass this frequency responseshd to fir2 as followsp  precodeb2fir2M,w,hd  get FIR filter coefficient from same frequency samplesw and frequency responseshd codepre  pb1 must equal to b2 according to MATLAB but  for the FIR filter of order 13br this is the result p  pb10.0042    0.0063   0.0000   0.0403   0.1221   0.2103    0.7470   0.2103   0.1221   0.0403   0.0000 0.0063    0.0042p  pb20.0017   0.0044    0.0180   0.0937    0.2075   0.1097   0.0012    0.0105   0.0081    0.0050   0.0025  0.0010   0.0005p  pb1 isnt equal to b2.This is supposed to be right in theory.I dont understand whats wrong.p
Negative 3262 pI have a dilema, quite a big one.p  pI am working stripe as my payment gateway and it works in a 2 way process.p  ol liCollect billing info which generated a tokenli licharge the client using tokenli ol  pproblem is that token can only be used once and on step 1 i am unable to verify if client has sufficient fund, so if it doesnt then the card gets declined, and the problem is that i cant reused the token so i cant go back to the customer, and ask for their details again. So my question is how to i verify without charging the client that they have sufficient fund when generating the token.p  pbelow is a quick look on how the code is generatedp  precodefunction onSubmit      var form  paymentform  TODO give your htmlformtag an id attribute and type this id in this line. IMPORTANT Dont replace the        Disable the submit button to prevent repeated clicks    TODO give your htmlsubmitinputtag an id attribute      Stripe.card.createTokenform, stripeResponseHandler  codepre  pupdatep  precode    This identifies your website in the createToken call below   Stripe.setPublishableKeyCODE      var appendedStripeToken  false  var stripeResponseHandler  functionstatus, response      var form  paymentform      if response.error           Show the errors on the form         form.find.paymenterrors.textresponse.error.message                 form.findbutton.propdisabled, false       else           token contains id, last4, and card type         var token  response.id         handleCalltoken        function handleCalltoken      var form  paymentform     if appendedStripeToken            Insert the token into the form so it gets submitted to the server form.appendltinput typehidden idcourseToken namestripeToken gt.valtoken         appendedStripeToken  true          phpCall           function onSubmit      var form  paymentform  TODO give your htmlformtag an id attribute and type this id in this line. IMPORTANT Dont replace the        Disable the submit button to prevent repeated clicks    TODO give your htmlsubmitinputtag an id attribute      Stripe.card.createTokenform, stripeResponseHandler    function phpCall   if appendedStripeToken  true     .ajax     type POST,     data run true, priceFinal priceFinal.val, courseProvider courseProvider.val,      userEmail userEmail.val, courseDelivery courseDelivery.val, courseTitle courseTitle.val, courseDate courseDate.val,      courseToken courseToken.val, cardname billingcardName.val, finalCoupon finalCoupon.val, couponDiscount couponDiscount.val ,     url functionspaymentEmail.php,     success function response response is value returned from php for    your example its bye bye                   paymentform.propdisabled, true  TODO give your htmlsubmitinputtag an id attribute  window.location  response              codepre
Negative 3262 pon a Windows 7 environment,  i installed ruby 2.2 and and the ruby development kit and want to install a gem now, which throws this errorp  perror unknown type name BOOLp  pfor the commandp  pgem install avcapture v 1.0.1p  pon multiple .h files. The avcapture gem is part of a bundle install i want to do for another gem.p  pI also get one fatal error AVFoundationAVFoundation.h No such file or directoryp  pSo i doubt that avcapture gem can be installed at all p  pGoogle tells me to use g instead of gcc to fix the bool type error, i dont think that i can adjust this for the ruby devkit though.p  pThe DevKit itself seems to work fine, the example json part of the devkit wiki installation site works.p
Negative 3262 pFrom my reading of the documents and the model relations examples, I didnt see how you would save onetomany relations in MongoDB. I have the following modelsp  precode1. Category 2. Post codepre  pcodeCategorycode has many codePostscode and Post belongs to Category The foreign key I used is codecategoryIdcodep  pI used the following scripts to insert sample data into MongoDBp  pstrongcreatecategories.jsstrongp  precodevar categories  [         title  Technology Matters, description Blogs on latest technologies,         title  Innovative Ideas, description Innovative ideas on the next project,         title  Comments on Hot Topics, description My comments on the hot topics ] module.exports  functionserver          var dataSource  server.dataSources.mongoDatastore         dataSource.automigrateCategory, functionerr                  if err throw err                 var Model  server.models.Category                 create some sample data                 var count  categories.length                 categories.forEachfunctioncategory                          Model.createcategory, functioner, result                                  if er return                                 console.logCategory created , result                                 count                                 if count  0                                          console.logCategories all created                                         dataSource.disconnect                                                                                   could define a model scope here                            codepre  pstrongcreateposts.jsstrongp  precodevar posts  [         title  Post 1 Title, bodyText body text for blog post 1, dateCreated new Date, categoryId 1,         title  Post 2 Title, bodyText body text for blog post 2, dateCreated new Date, categoryId 1,         title  Post 3 Title, bodyText body text for blog post 3, dateCreated new Date, categoryId 2,         title  Post 4 Title, bodyText body text for blog post 4, dateCreated new Date, categoryId 2,         title  Post 5 Title, bodyText body text for blog post 5, dateCreated new Date, categoryId 1,         title  Post 6 Title, bodyText body text for blog post 6, dateCreated new Date, categoryId 3,         title  Post 7 Title, bodyText body text for blog post 7, dateCreated new Date, categoryId 2,         title  Post 8 Title, bodyText body text for blog post 8, dateCreated new Date, categoryId 3,         title  Post 9 Title, bodyText body text for blog post 9, dateCreated new Date, categoryId 1,         title  Post 10 Title, bodyText body text for blog post 10, dateCreated new Date, categoryId 2 ] module.exports  functionserver          var dataSource  server.dataSources.mongoDatastore         dataSource.automigratePost, functionerr                  if err throw err                 var Model  server.models.Post                 create some sample data                 var count  posts.length                 posts.forEachfunctionpost                          Model.createpost, functioner, result                                  if er return                                 console.logPost created , result                                 count                                 if count  0                                          console.logPosts all created                                         dataSource.disconnect                                                                                   could define a model scope here                            codepre  pstrongPlease notestrong that categoryId faked up in each post object above is just temporary, I wish to save the actual categoryId from MongoDB to each post object.p  pstrongMy question isstrong when saving each post object to MongoDB, how would you get the owners ID in this case, categoryId. The categories saved in my MongoDB are following, each of them has an codeidcode that is ObjectId type. Is it necessary to save the category ObjectId as a foreign key in Post collection and if yes, howp  precode         id  ObjectId55355f076ed9d911089ea0a7,         title  Technology Matters,         description  Blogs on latest technologies           id  ObjectId55355f076ed9d911089ea0a8,         title  Innovative Ideas,         description  Innovative ideas on the next project           id  ObjectId55355f076ed9d911089ea0a9,         title  Comments on Hot Topics,         description  My comments on the hot topics  codepre
Negative 3262 pA,B,C and D are distinct attributes in a relation schema RABCD. MVDs are defined over R.p  pAre the following inferences correct I have to prove them using formal definitions. If anyone can help me out, I would appreciate it a lot thanksp  ol liIf A   B and A  C, then A  BC.li liIf A  BC, then A  B.li liIf AB  C, then A  C.li ol
Negative 3262 precodeError Expression undefined used with directive is nonassignable codepre  pIm getting the above error when trying to change a controller scope variable from my directive. Directivep  precodeltmydir selUserselectedUsergtltmydirgt codepre  pMy controllerp  precodeangular.modulemyApp   .controllerMainCtrl, function scope, http      scope.selectedUser        scope.watchselectedUser, function        console.loguser changed        codepre  pAnd finally my directivep  precodeangular.modulemyApp   .directivemydir, function      return        restrict E,       templateUrl appmydirmydir.html,       scope          selUser        ,       link functionscope          scope.changeUser  functionuser            console.loguser   JSON.stringifyuser           scope.selUser  user                         codepre  pAs you can see, I am trying to change the selected user in the parent controller scope on the click of a button. But then the click happens, the error is thrown.p  pI have seen several combinations of how to define the scope in the directive and on the html declaring the directive but none of these seemed to work. Is there something else Im missingp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to use the glyphicons from twitter bootstrap. I want to use the pseudoelement after instead of before.p  p.glyphicon.glyphiconsearchbefore The above works just fine.p  p.glyphicon.glyphiconsearchafter The above does not work.p  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 3262 pI have implemented strongSlidingUpPanelLayoutstrong in my app and its working fine. Now I want to set the strongPanel height dynamically once my activity has createdstrong right now I am doing it in my xml like thisp  precodeltcom.sothree.slidinguppanel.SlidingUpPanelLayout     xmlnssothreehttpschemas.android.comapkresauto     androidididslidinglayout     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidgravitybottom     sothreeumanoPanelHeight68dp     sothreeumanoShadowHeight4dp     sothreeumanoParalaxOffset100dp     sothreeumanoDragViewiddragView     sothreeumanoOverlaytruegt      lt MAIN CONTENT gt     ltFrameLayout         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightmatchparent         androidorientationverticalgt          ltTextView             androidididmain             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheightmatchparent             androidgravitycenter             androidtextMain Content             androidclickabletrue             androidfocusablefalse             androidfocusableInTouchModetrue             androidtextSize16sp gt     ltFrameLayoutgt      lt SLIDING LAYOUT gt     ltLinearLayout         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightmatchparent         androidbackgroundffffff         androidorientationvertical         androidclickabletrue         androidfocusablefalse         androidididdragViewgt          ltLinearLayout             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheight68dp             androidorientationhorizontalgt              ltTextView                 androidididname                 androidlayoutwidth0dp                 androidlayoutheightmatchparent                 androidlayoutweight1                 androidtextSize14sp                 androidgravitycentervertical                 androidpaddingLeft10dpgt              ltButton                 androidididfollow                 androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                 androidlayoutheightmatchparent                 androidtextSize14sp                 androidgravitycenterverticalright                 androidpaddingRight10dp                 androidpaddingLeft10dpgt          ltLinearLayoutgt          ltImageView             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheight0dp             androidlayoutweight1             androidscaleTypefitStart             androidsrcdrawablegraphic gt         ltImageViewgt     ltLinearLayoutgt ltcom.sothree.slidinguppanel.SlidingUpPanelLayoutgt codepre  pThis works fine, but I want to set in the code on strongonCreatestrongp  precode mLayout  SlidingUpPanelLayout findViewByIdR.id.slidinglayout  mLayout.setPanelSlideListenernew PanelSlideListener       Override     public void onPanelSlideView panel, float slideOffset           Log.iTAG, onPanelSlide, offset   slideOffset           Override     public void onPanelExpandedView panel           Log.iTAG, onPanelExpanded           Override     public void onPanelCollapsedView panel           Log.iTAG, onPanelCollapsed           Override     public void onPanelAnchoredView panel           Log.iTAG, onPanelAnchored           Override     public void onPanelHiddenView panel           Log.iTAG, onPanelHidden       mLayout.setPanelHeightUtils.getPixels80, getResources codepre  pBut while doing this I get a crashp  pstrong0423 200924.010 EAndroidRuntime13344 Caused by java.lang.NullPointerException Attempt to invoke virtual method int android.view.View.getLeft on a null object referencestrongp  pSince strongmSlideableViewstrong is being null in strongsmoothSlideTostrong method of SlidingUpPanelLayout.java. p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pI have a problem obviously. I am noob in UDP in java sorry.p  pI am making an application for sending and receive UDP datagrams.The idea to run 2 times the same program and send and receive packets, which I am doing with threads. The problem , receibve this program always gives me the same message.p  precodejava.net.BindException Address already in use codepre  pIt has to do with the port that I try to open in use, but I do so with any port you try, 80, 8080, 12345. Even watch online command ports were free, but if you tell me who are equally busy.p  precodenetstat a codepre  pThe code is  p  pSenderp  precodeclass envioNodo extends Thread  byte[] tablaEnca  new byte[10000] int port  0 int puertoVecino  0 String IPenvio   , IPemisor  public envioNodoString tE , String IP , int puerto , String IPe      port  puerto     IPenvio  IP     IPemisor  IPe     System.out.printlnSe enviar el vector de distancias a la IP  IPenvio  con puerto  port  public void run      System.out.printlnSe ejecuta el envio de paquetes del nodo     try          DatagramSocket dS  new DatagramSocket  null Sin null envia los datos por un puerto cualquiera udp          dS.setReuseAddresstrue          DatagramPacket dP  null             try                  dP  new DatagramPackettablaEnca , tablaEnca.length, InetAddress.getByNameIPenvio  , port                  dS.senddP                 System.out.printlnPaquete enviado               catch UnknownHostException e                  e.printStackTrace              catch IOException e                 e.printStackTrace                          try                  dS.senddP              catch IOException e                  e.printStackTrace                           dS.close       catch SocketException e          e.printStackTrace       codepre  pp  pReceivep  precodeclass recepcionNodos extends Thread  int port  0 String vDrN  byte[] buff  new byte[10000] DatagramPacket dP  null DatagramSocket dS  null public recepcionNodosint puerto     port  puerto     System.out.printlnInicio del hilo de espera de respueta     System.out.printlnEl puerto por el que se escuchara es el  port  public void run     do         try              System.out.printlnComienzo recepcion             port             dS  new DatagramSocketport             dP  new DatagramPacketbuff,buff.length             System.out.printlnEspera en el receive             dS.receivedP             vDrN  new StringdP.getData.substring0,dP.getLength             System.out.printlnString recibido.             System.out.printvDrN             System.out.printlnPaquete recibido          catch IOException e              System.out.printlnError en recepcion del paquete             e.printStackTrace             System.exit1               whiletrue  codepre  pWhit DatagramSocket and DatagramPacket  null.p  pI Start whit send emDatagramSocket  new DatagramSocketem In this position the constructor get first port can send datagram , But receive i dont know , How do cant receive the packets UDPp  pEdit  i have 2 interfaces 10.0.0.1 10.0.0.2 and run one program en one interface whit  p  precodeSudo ip addr add codepre  pSolution  p  precodeclass recepcionNodos extends Thread      int port  0 , aux  0     String vDrN      byte[] buff  new byte[10000]     DatagramPacket dP  null     DatagramSocket dS  null     public recepcionNodosint puerto         port  puerto         System.out.printlnInicio del hilo de espera de respueta         System.out.printlnEl puerto por el que se escuchara es el  port          public void run         do             try                  System.out.printlnComienzo recepcion                 port                 dS  new DatagramSocketport                  dP  new DatagramPacketbuff,buff.length                 System.out.printlnEspera en el receive                 dS.receivedP                 vDrN  new StringdP.getData.substring0,dP.getLength                 System.out.printlnString recibido.                 System.out.printvDrN                 System.out.printlnPaquete recibido              catch IOException e                  System.out.printlnError en recepcion del paquete                 e.printStackTrace                 e.printStackTrace                 Rip r  new Rip                 port  Rip.generarPuerto  and this function                 System.out.printlnport                 ifaux  0                  System.exit1                 aux                        whiletrue      codepre  pThis is p  precodepublic static int generarPuerto          int aux  0         try              Thread.sleep1000          catch InterruptedException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace                  Random r  new Random         r.setSeedr.nextLong         aux  r.nextInt49151  1024  1  1024         return aux  codepre  pMy problem is  p  p2 interfaces  p  precode10.0.0.1 10.0.0.2 codepre  pAnd run in a aplication whit 1 IP and other whit other IP , but i think the ports is independents . I use this function and no broblem , but now have the problem i cant receive mensage.p  pPD  And any whit very much experience or reputation wants to reform the post is free. PD2  Sorry , very long post and very much edits. PD3  Very much thx for help , this forum is the best for problems programming. p
Negative 3262 pIve been writing Javascript for years, but just now realized I dont entirely understand how these HTMLy methods actually interact with the DOM.p  pMy assumption is that when HTML is interpreted into the DOM, the browser keeps references as to which HTML element became which DOM node.p  pSo for code.getElementByIdcode when you select an element, the browser returns the relevant node by reference. Why not just do code.getNodeByIdcode then and be more correctp  pMy assumption is that code.innerHTMLcode is interpreted by the browser into the DOM at runtime. However, in older browsers like IE7, code.innerHTMLcode cannot be used to create table nodes. This suggests to me that it was originally intended just to modify the text properties of existing nodes, but then it seems strange that it exists at all, and we dont just use code.innerTextcode.p  pI guess Im just confused by some Javascript history.p
Negative 3262 pIve strongtried tonsstrong probably in excess of 250 different rewrite rules but none of them are having the desired effect.p  hr  pstrongRulesstrong for strongemmaindomain.comemstrong which is a wordpress website with SSL amp should run with the prefix codewww.codep  ul liCheck and force codewww.code to the entire domainfolderssubfolders...etc not just wordpress strongEXCEPTstrong the folder codetestfoldercodeli liCheck and force codehttps.code to the entire domainfolderssubfolders...etc not just wordpress strongEXCEPTstrong the folder codetestfoldercodeli ul  hr  pstrongRulesstrong for strongemtest.otherwebsite.comemstrong which is a custom set of pages hosted in codetestfoldercode on the serverp  ul liCheck and forcefully remove codewww.code from the domain codetest.otherwebsite.comcodeli liCheck and forcefully changed codehttpscode to codehttpcode from the domain codetest.otherwebsite.comcodeli ul  pThese rules shouldnt be needed I dont think... if the first set of rules work correctly.p  hr
Negative 3262 pI am having trouble getting BI Publisher to sort based on my parameter.  The parameter name in the data model is SORTBY and has two options NAME, BIRTHDATE. The values come from a list of values in the data model that match field names in the result set. I want the report to sort by the field selected by the user.p  pBelow is my code in the RTF template using BI Pub tagsp  precodeltparambeginSORTBYgt ltforeachG1gt ltifSORTBYNAMEgt   ltsortNAMEascendingtextgt ltend ifgt ltifSORTBYBIRTHDATEgt   ltsortBIRTHDATEascendingtextgt ltend ifgt codepre  pAnd here is the relevant resulting xslfo exported from Microsoft Wordp  precodeltxslforeach select.G1 xdofoctx3gt   ...   ltxslif test.SORTBY  NAME xdofoctx3gt     ltxslsort select.NAME[1] orderascending datatypetextgt   ltxslifgt   ltxslif test.SORTBY  BIRTHDATE xdofoctx3gt     ltxslsort select.BIRTHDATE[1] orderascending datatypetextgt   ltxslifgt   ... ltxslforeachgt codepre
Negative 3262 pThis is a repost of my last question, I wasnt specific enough I thought so I wanted to give it another shot. Before I get into the code I wanted to explain that basically Im trying to draw particles using points in a 3D space using the Oculus Rift headset. I have the pointx,y,z set up so every time I hit a button it draws a new point adds a new particle at the coordinates of wherever the Oculuss head position is located. Only problem, is that after I draw them, they are stuck to the Oculus so I cannot move away or get closer to them, they are attached.p  pHere is my class for the Particlesp  precodeclass Particle     PVector pos   float x,y,z    Particlefloat x,float y, float z       pos  new PVectorx,y,z       void display         strokeWeight5       stroke255,0,0,120       pointpos.x,pos.y,pos.z      codepre  pIn the constructor I am asking for floats which will be the XYZ head position aka accelerometers for the Oculus rift It works kind of the same way as mouseX and mouseY position only instead there are 3 different values, this is how i am trying to draw them.p  pI then draw them using this for loopp  precodefor int i  0 i lt particles.size  i         Particle p  Particle particles.geti      p.display    codepre  pLastly, here is my function in the main sketch, which creates the particles everytime I press A on my xbox controller. p  precodevoid dots      boolean pressA  gpad.getButton0.pressed    ifpressA  true      particles.addnew ParticleOculusHead.x,OculusHead.y,OculusHead.z         boolean pressB  gpad.getButton1.pressed   ifpressB  true     particles.remove0        codepre  pThe PVector OculusHead is just p  precode  PMatrix3D headOrientationMatrix  oculusRiftDev.headOrientationMatrix   headOrientationMatrix.translate0, 0, 3 codepre  pI made a PVector for the head orientation matrixp  pdirOculus  headorientationMatrix p  pthen I made p  pOculusHead  dirOcoulusp  pAnd I used OculusHead to draw the Particles. the values that I get when I print dirOculus arep  precode[ 1.4553496, 0.3224336, 2.6034582 ] [ 1.4442493, 0.31946403, 2.6099975 ] [ 1.4424462, 0.31894052, 2.6110585 ] [ 1.4324908, 0.31568787, 2.616928 ] [ 1.43102, 0.31515715, 2.6177962 ] codepre  pAnd it keeps going..p  pSo how would I be able to draw them using the Oculus but still keep them in one place after Ive drawn them Maybe When I get closer to them my location is subtracted from their position  I hope I was able to make sense this time, thank you again for your help.p  pUPDATEp  pOkay so I was actually able to make it stay in one exact coordinate position when I translate it with a PVector that I use for my current location in the sketch. The location PVector itself always updates but I am only able to draw in my starting position. p  precode     translateLocationDraw.x,0,LocationDraw.z codepre  pWhen I had an input for Y, i was able to do noclip mode haha through the sketch when I held down the A button the drawing button.p  pemend updateemp
Negative 3262 pIm trying to position a div beneath another div on this page a hrefhttpwww.tbbadenver.orgservices relnofollowhttpwww.tbbadenver.orgservicesap  pIf you take a look you can see my div at the bottom, but it overlaps one of the pictures on the bottom as well. I just need to place the div with a header and a list beneath the images. Im using a Wordpress template and I think that might be getting in the way...p  pThe div id is nonPaid. My current css isp  precodenonPaid  height 300px width 300px position absolute display inline bottom 0 clear both  codepre  pIm sure there are things in there that I dont need, but can anybody tell me what Im missingp  pAny help is greatly appreciatedp
Negative 3262 pI was just experimenting with a hrefhttpsdocs.python.org2librarymultiprocessing.htmlsynchronizationbetweenprocesses relnofollowsome examplea from official docs and noticed that locking doesnt seem to work as advertised. What is happeningp  precodefrom multiprocessing import Process, Lock  def fl, i     l.acquire     for j in range10000         print j,     print     l.release  if name  main     lock  Lock      for num in range10         Processtargetf, argslock, num.start codepre  pRan in Ipython notebook, output as followsp  blockquote   p2716 2717 27180 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10p blockquote
Negative 3262 pI am using a simulator that is iOS 8.1, it works, but in iOS 8.3 doesnt work.p  pAnd for real iphone, I tested with iOS 8.1.2 and 8.3, doesnt work both.p  pwhen I choose my app to share, this screen doesnt appear  this simulator is iOS 8.1p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLroMB.png altp  pWhat could be problemp  pI am using Xamarin iOS. Installed the last version of all.p  pEdit  info.plistp  precode ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC AppleDTD PLIST 1.0EN httpwww.apple.comDTDsPropertyList1.0.dtdgt ltplist version1.0gt ltdictgt     ltkeygtCFBundleDevelopmentRegionltkeygt     ltstringgtenltstringgt     ltkeygtCFBundleDisplayNameltkeygt     ltstringgtShareExtensionltstringgt     ltkeygtCFBundleExecutableltkeygt     ltstringgtShareExtensionltstringgt     ltkeygtCFBundleIdentifierltkeygt     ltstringgtaa.xx.cc.iOSShareExtensionltstringgt     ltkeygtCFBundleInfoDictionaryVersionltkeygt     ltstringgt6.0ltstringgt     ltkeygtCFBundleNameltkeygt     ltstringgtaa.xx.cc.iOSShareExtensionltstringgt     ltkeygtCFBundlePackageTypeltkeygt     ltstringgtXPCltstringgt     ltkeygtCFBundleShortVersionStringltkeygt     ltstringgt1.0ltstringgt     ltkeygtCFBundleSignatureltkeygt     ltstringgtltstringgt     ltkeygtCFBundleVersionltkeygt     ltstringgt1ltstringgt     ltkeygtNSExtensionltkeygt     ltdictgt         ltkeygtNSExtensionAttributesltkeygt         ltdictgt             ltkeygtNSExtensionPointNameltkeygt             ltstringgtcom.apple.shareservicesltstringgt             ltkeygtNSExtensionPointVersionltkeygt             ltstringgt1.0ltstringgt             ltkeygtNSExtensionActivationRuleltkeygt             ltdictgt                 ltkeygtNSExtensionActivationSupportsFileWithMaxCountltkeygt                 ltintegergt0ltintegergt                 ltkeygtNSExtensionActivationSupportsImageWithMaxCountltkeygt                 ltintegergt1ltintegergt                 ltkeygtNSExtensionActivationSupportsMovieWithMaxCountltkeygt                 ltintegergt0ltintegergt                 ltkeygtNSExtensionActivationSupportsTextltkeygt                 ltfalsegt                 ltkeygtNSExtensionActivationSupportsWebURLWithMaxCountltkeygt                 ltintegergt1ltintegergt                 ltkeygtNSExtensionActivationSupportsWebPageWithMaxCountltkeygt                 ltintegergt1ltintegergt              ltdictgt         ltdictgt         ltkeygtNSExtensionMainStoryboardltkeygt         ltstringgtMainInterfaceltstringgt         ltkeygtNSExtensionPointIdentifierltkeygt         ltstringgtcom.apple.shareservicesltstringgt     ltdictgt ltdictgt ltplistgt codepre
Negative 3262 pIm having a news codeViewControllercode and a codeTeamViewControllercode. The codeTeamViewControllercode contain a tableView of teamObjects which when selected is added into array. I want to add this array into codeNSUserDefaultscode so i can access them from the codeNewsControllercode which contain a url request where the teamObjects is needed. However i keep gettingp  blockquote   pAttempt to insert nonproperty list object                 for key teamsp blockquote  pIm open for other suggestions if there is better ways than storing it in codeNSUserDefaultscodep  pcodedidSelectRowAtIndexPathcode methodp  precodeoverride func tableViewtableView UITableView, didSelectRowAtIndexPath indexPath NSIndexPath      tableView.deselectRowAtIndexPathindexPath, animated true       let team  self.teamArray[indexPath.row] as Team     var removed  false      for index, value in enumerateself.teamSelected          if value  team              self.teamSelected.removeAtIndexindex             removed  true                    if removed          self.teamSelected.appendteam           var userDefaults  NSUserDefaults.standardUserDefaults     userDefaults.setValueself.teamSelected, forKey teams     userDefaults.synchronize      tableView.reloadData  codepre  pMy objectp  precodeclass Team NSObject     var id Int     var name NSString     var shortname NSString       initid Int, nameNSString, shortname NSString          self.id  id         self.name  name         self.shortname  shortname         codepre
Negative 3262 pThe default is apparently to search all public tweets. I am trying to use the search API to return tweets from only the users followers, or from the users twitterfeed, or both. In the search manual a hrefhttpsdev.twitter.comrestpublicsearch relnofollowhttpsdev.twitter.comrestpublicsearcha it says I am able to include a query operator of sourcetwitterfeed to accomplish the latter. I have tried this on the twitter website search form, and it works, or at least it does something. When I try it with my API search, I get no results. No error, no results. My API search works fine without it. I do urlencode the query operator and I have tried adding it in front or behind my search query.p  pHere is an example path I have triedp  precode1.1searchtweets.jsonqsource253Atwitterfeed2520fgampcount7ampresulttyperecent codepre  pAlso on the twitter search page there is an optional parameter ffollows which allows you to search only followers. Can I use this with the API I have tried using it directly and it did not have any effect.p
Negative 3262 pGiven an orthogonal grid codeRp,qcode, is there any straightforward answer to the questionp  pWhat is the maximum length of the induced canonical cycle In other words, what is the strongmaximum kstrong for which we can induce the cycle isomorphic to Ck  by deleting nodes from the gridp
Negative 3262 pheres my code of customized Listview ,, p  precodepublic class MainActivity extends ActionBarActivity       Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain           Simple array with a list of my favorite TV shows         String[] Teams  RealMadrid, Barcelona, Juventus, BayernMunich          ListAdapter theAdapter  new ArrayAdapterltStringgtthis, R.layout.rowlayout, R.id.textView1, favoriteTVShows         theListView.setAdaptertheAdapter          ...       codepre  pmy click listener here  p  precodetheListView.setOnItemClickListenernew AdapterView.OnItemClickListener      Override     public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt adapterView, View view, int position, long l          String tvShowPicked  You selected   String.valueOfadapterView.getItemAtPositioni         Toast.makeTextMainActivity.this, tvShowPicked, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show       codepre  pas you can see I have common response for all the items of the list , what if I want to set a specific response to each item for example when I click on first item it opens a website ,, amp the second item opens different website amp so on p
Negative 3262 pI would like to create a matrix using a list whose elements would be the elements of the matrix under the diagonal. p  precodeimport numpy as np x1  np.array[0.9375, 0.75, 0.4375, 0.0, 0.9375, 0.75, 0.4375, 0.9375, 0.75, 0.9375] x1 codepre  pthe matrix I would like to have is p  precodearray[[ 1.    ,  0.9375,  0.75  ,  0.4375,  0.    ],    [ 0.9375,  1.    ,  0.9375,  0.75  ,  0.4375],    [ 0.75  ,  0.9375,  1.    ,  0.9375,  0.75  ],    [ 0.4375,  0.75  ,  0.9375,  1.    ,  0.9375],    [ 0.    ,  0.4375,  0.75  ,  0.9375,  1.    ]] codepre  pI thought you could do this with strongnp.trilstrong but it gives a result I do not expect. p  precodemat  np.trilx1, k  1   printmat codepre  pwhat am I missing  p  pI apologize in advance if this is a trivial question but I could not figure out how to it without looping.p
Negative 3262 pI need to get jquery variable to php variable using Ajax. I would be very grateful if anyone can help me.  p  p     p  precodedocument.readyfunction      roomOptions select.changefunction          var total  0         roomOptions select.eachfunction              totalparseIntthis.val                   roomOptions roomOptionstotal.htmltotal       ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 3262 pi have an Mvc controller which looks likep  precodepublic class PaymentController  Controller      public ActionResult ApiReturn              var notifyid  Request.QueryString[notifyid]         return null       codepre  phow do i transfer the query string notifyid when i do unit test for this ApiReturn, my unit test for this action is like belowp  precode[TestClass] public class PaymentControllerUnitTest      [TestMethod]     public void TestApiReturn              var paymentController  new PaymentController         paymentController.ApiReturn       codepre
Negative 3262 pI have an Excel interop module A that display on the menu bar which in turn load another Excel addin B.xla when Excel is loaded.p  pA is installed into Excel by an msi installer. B.xla is charged viap  precodeAddIn addin  excelApp.AddIns.AddxlaFile if addin.Installed      addin.Installed  true codepre  pWhen I uninstall A, the file B.xla that was brought by the installer is deleted. A is also deleted from the menu bar and from the list of COM addins. However, B is not deleted from the list of macro addins. p  pTherefore, after uninstalling A, when I open Excel the first time, a message will show saying Addin B is missing. I need to go to macro addins manager to uncheck B. Upon clicking to uncheck, Excel will say again that it cannot find B, and delete it from the list.p  pHow can I deactivate and delete B from the list upon uninstalling A programmatically, without passing through the Addins dialogmanager This is posing a problem when I perform an update of A. A is deleted from the menu bar, B.xla the file itself is deleted together with A, but the entry of B in Addins dialog is still there, and will block the update trying to register a new B into the addins dialog.p  pMany thanks.p
Negative 3262 pHello I want to extract month inside a trigger, but I get a syntax error near new is there another way to get month from fdate inside the trigger    p  precodeSELECT EXTRACTMONTH FROM TIMESTAMP new.fdate into monthextr codepre
Negative 3262 pCurrently, Im designing a platformer game concept. Of course, this involves moving and whatnot. Right now, Im attempting to make a square jump onto a platform. I have a minbottom which the square rests on, but I have a small problem. I cant figure out which element is overlapped by the square. Do you have answer to this The idea is to set the mminbottom variable to the bottom value of a platform, but this only works with the first .block element. Note Im using classes so that is a bit harder. Controls are space to jump, right to right, left to left.p  pIf you need any information, please comment me.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodevar PAUSETIME  100 var runningr  false var runningl  false var runningj  false  50 is the bottom, edit the 2nd number  var minbottom  setMinBottom0  var spp  500  20  var log     log functions      .log.appends  ltbrgt         Collision Thingy   httpstackoverflow.comquestions5419134howtodetectiftwodivstouchwithjquery   function collisiondiv1, div2    var x1  div1.offset.left   var y1  div1.offset.top   var h1  div1.outerHeighttrue   var w1  div1.outerWidthtrue   var b1  y1  h1   var r1  x1  w1   var x2  div2.offset.left   var y2  div2.offset.top   var h2  div2.outerHeighttrue   var w2  div2.outerWidthtrue   var b2  y2  h2   var r2  x2  w2    if b1 lt y2  y1 gt b2  r1 lt x2  x1 gt r2     return false   return true   function setMinBottominteger    return 50  integer   function    .fn.keyone  functionkeyCode, action, fn      this.oneaction, functione        if e.keyCode  keyCode          fn                jQuery  window.setIntervalfunction    if collision.squarewrapper, .block      log.logtrue      minbottom  setMinBottom100    , 50  document.onkeyup, functione    switch e.keyCode      case 39       runningr  false       .squarewrapper.cssleft, .squarewrapper.cssleft       break     case 37       runningl  false       .squarewrapper.cssleft, .squarewrapper.cssleft       break     case 32       break     default       runningr  false       runningl  false       runningj  false       break      document.onkeydown, functione      CSS Method      log.loge.keyCode   Pressed    switch e.keyCode      case 39        if runningr           runningr  true          log.logGo Right          .squarewrapper.cssleft, Number.squarewrapper.cssleft.replace[d.]g,   10000           document.keyone39, keyup, function           .squarewrapper.cssleft, .squarewrapper.cssleft                        break     case 37        if runningl           runningl  true          log.logGo Left          .squarewrapper.cssleft, Number.squarewrapper.cssleft.replace[d.]g,   10000           document.keyone37, keyup, function           .squarewrapper.cssleft, .squarewrapper.cssleft                        break     case 32        if runningj           runningj  true          log.logJump           .squarewrapper.csstransition, bottom 300ms cubicbezier0.000, 0.000, 0.440, 1.000         .squarewrapper.addClassjumpup          .squarewrapper.cssbottom, Number.squarewrapper.cssbottom.replace[d.]g,   125          setTimeoutfunction             .squarewrapper.csstransition, bottom 300ms cubicbezier0.440, 0.000, 1.000, 1.000            .squarewrapper.removeClassjumpup           .squarewrapper.addClassjumpdown            var bottom  Number.squarewrapper.cssbottom.replace[d.]g,   125            .squarewraper.csstransitionduration, 30s,   bottom  spp  ms            .squarewrapper.cssbottom, minbottom           setTimeoutfunction              .squarewrapper.removeClassjumpdown             runningj  false           , 200         , 200               break     codepre pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecode.botline    position absolute   bottom 50px   background black   border 1pt solid black   width inherit   boxsizing borderbox  html, body    margin 0   height 100  .window    height 100   width 80  .squarewrapper    position absolute   bottom 50px   height 30px   width 30px   border 2pt solid black   left 50px   background 00c5ff  .squareinside    position relative   top 3px   height 20px   width 20px   border 2pt solid black   left 3px   background 8cff52  .move    transition left 30s linear  .jumpup    transition left 30s linear, bottom 200ms cubicbezier0.000, 0.000, 0.000, 0.440   transitionproperty left, bottom   transitionduration 30s, 200ms   transitiontimingfunction linear, cubicbezier0.000, 0.000, 0.000, 0.440  .jumpdown    transition left 30s linear, bottom 200ms cubicbezier0.440, 0.000, 1.000, 1.000   transitionproperty left, bottom   transitionduration 30s, 200ms   transitiontimingfunction linear, cubicbezier0.440, 0.000, 1.000, 1.000  .log    height 100   width 20   position absolute   boxsizing borderbox   right 0   top 0   border 3pt ridge 909090   padding 5px   overflow auto codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.9.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langengt  ltheadgt   ltmeta charsetutf8gt    lt Always force latest IE rendering engine even in intranet amp Chrome Frame Remove this if you use the .htaccess gt   ltmeta httpequivXUACompatible contentIEedge,chrome1gt    lttitlegtPlatfomer Testlttitlegt   ltmeta namedescription contentgt   ltmeta nameauthor contentSamuel Ligt    ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1.0gt    lt Replace favicon.ico amp appletouchicon.png in the root of your domain and delete these references gt   lt ltlink relshortcut icon hreffavicon.icogt ltlink relappletouchicon hrefappletouchicon.pnggt gt ltheadgt  ltbodygt    ltdiv classwindowgt     ltdiv classbotlinegtltdivgt     ltdiv classsquarewrapper movegt       ltdiv classsquareinsidegtltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classblock datax100 datay100 stylewidth 100px boxsizing borderbox border 2pt solid black height 4pxgtltdivgt     ltdiv classblock datax100 datay200 stylewidth 100px boxsizing borderbox border 2pt solid black height 4pxgtltdivgt   ltdivgt    ltdiv classloggtltdivgt    ltscriptgt     .block.eachfunction        var x  this.datax       var y  50  this.datay       console.log       this.css         position absolute,         left x,         bottom y  this.height,                 var log  window.log     log.logRight to go Right     log.logLeft to go Left     log.logSpace to go space     log.logGoing down after going up not implemented yet   ltscriptgt  ltbodygt  lthtmlgtcodepre div div p  pJSFiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netMashedPotatoes8k4kfpwv relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netMashedPotatoes8k4kfpwvap
Negative 3262 pPlease have a look at the following Maniferst.xml filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     packagepack.saltriver      androidversionCode1      androidversionName1.0     androidpermissionandroid.permission.RECEIVEBOOTCOMPLETEDgt      ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.RECEIVEBOOTCOMPLETEDgtltusespermissiongt      ltapplication androidicondrawableicon androidlabelstringappnamegt          ltreceiver androidname.autostartgt             ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.BOOTCOMPLETED gt             ltintentfiltergt         ltreceivergt          ltactivity androidname.hellogtltactivitygt         ltservice androidenabledtrue androidname.service gt     ltapplicationgt  ltmanifestgt codepre  pDo I really need to use both p  precodeandroidpermissionandroid.permission.RECEIVEBOOTCOMPLETEDgt codepre  pand p  precodeltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.RECEIVEBOOTCOMPLETEDgtltusespermissiongt codepre  pAnd whats the differences between themp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to perform the load test through J Meter by putting load of around 80 requests at a time. Few response go through fine but few errors with the below response error.p  precodejava.net.ConnectException Connection timed out connect     at java.net.TwoStacksPlainSocketImpl.socketConnectNative Method     at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.doConnectUnknown Source     at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectToAddressUnknown Source     at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectUnknown Source     at java.net.PlainSocketImpl.connectUnknown Source     at java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connectUnknown Source     at java.net.Socket.connectUnknown Source     at java.net.Socket.connectUnknown Source     at sun.net.NetworkClient.doConnectUnknown Source     at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.openServerUnknown Source     at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.openServerUnknown Source     at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.ltinitgtUnknown Source     at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.NewUnknown Source     at sun.net.www.http.HttpClient.NewUnknown Source     at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.getNewHttpClientUnknown Source     at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.plainConnect0Unknown Source     at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.plainConnectUnknown Source     at sun.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnection.connectUnknown Source     at org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.sampler.HTTPJavaImpl.sampleHTTPJavaImpl.java487     at org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.sampler.HTTPSamplerProxy.sampleHTTPSamplerProxy.java62     at org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.sampler.HTTPSamplerBase.sampleHTTPSamplerBase.java1088     at org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.sampler.HTTPSamplerBase.sampleHTTPSamplerBase.java1077     at org.apache.jmeter.threads.JMeterThread.processsamplerJMeterThread.java428     at org.apache.jmeter.threads.JMeterThread.runJMeterThread.java256     at java.lang.Thread.runUnknown Source codepre  pCould this be issue from J Meter side or server side Please let me know. p
Negative 3262 pIm in an array amp hash rabbit hole, please excuse verbose question.p  pIm trying to display values in a view. I created my hash by combining hashes together and grouping them by a value, so my data looks like thisp  precode[   447478xxxxxxgt[                      cbrsgt[                                telephonenumbergt447478xxxxxx, typegtcbr                              ]                      ,                       pupilcallsgt0,                       returnedcallsgt0                     ]   ,    447440xxxxxxgt[                     cbrsgt[                               telephonenumbergt447440xxxxxx, typegtcbr                             ]                     ,                      pupilcallsgt0,                      returnedcallsgt[                                        fromnumbergt447952xxxxxx, tonumbergt447440xxxxxx, typegtcall, durationgt50, directiongtoutbound,                                         fromnumbergt447952xxxxxx, tonumbergt447440xxxxxx, typegtcall, durationgtnil, directiongtoutbound                                        ]                                         ]    ,   447588xxxxxxgt[                       cbrsgt0,                        pupilcallsgt[                                        fromnumbergt447588xxxxxx, tonumbergt441483xxxxxx, typegtcall, durationgt5, directiongtinbound                                       ]                       ,                        returnedcallsgt0                     ]    ] codepre  pIn my view I am trying to do this sort of thing p  precodelt array.each do a gt  lt a.firstkey gt this is the number at the start each group eg 447478xxxxxx  lt a.cbrs.each do c gt     ltc.typegt for example, this is just limited sample of the scope of the data  ltendgt  lt a.pupilcalls.each do c gt     ltc.fromnumbergt  ltc.tonumbergt   ltendgt  lt a.returnedcalls.each do c gt     ltc.durationgt  ltendgt  ltendgt codepre  pBut I dont know how to go about accessing the values contained within the hashes within the arrays within the hashes within the array Think I got that right.p  pEdit What Im after is simple enough  I just want to be able to do something like this for each item in arrayp  precode Tel 447478xxxxxx   CBRS 1   Calls 0  Returned 0   Tel 447440xxxxxx  CBRS 1  Calls 0  Returned Calls 2   Call first returned about 5 minutes after CBR This would be using createdat dates for example, there is a lot of info I didnt include in my sample data.     Returned Call 1 recording link  Returned Call 2 recording link codepre  pHope that helps, I just wrote out the output without html etc. The above would be as a result of looping through array of hashes and for each hash looping through it ...p
Negative 3262 pSo I have been trying to install Laravel Homestead through VagrantVirtualBox.  It used to work but now it is not working at all.  I have included what is returned from running codevagrant upcode in addition to the log file codevarlogvboxaddinstall.logcode mentioned in the error from the guest machine.  Below are all the version numbers to my current setup as well.p  blockquote   pOS Windows 8.1 64bit, VirtualBox 4.3.26, Vagrant 1.7.2p blockquote  pHere is the result of running the command codevagrant upcodep  precodePS CUsersbrand000Homesteadgt vagrant up Bringing machine default up with virtualbox provider... gt default Checking if box laravelhomestead is up to date... gt default Clearing any previously set forwarded ports... gt default Clearing any previously set network interfaces... gt default Preparing network interfaces based on configuration...     default Adapter 1 nat     default Adapter 2 hostonly gt default Forwarding ports...     default 80 gt 8000 adapter 1     default 443 gt 44300 adapter 1     default 3306 gt 33060 adapter 1     default 5432 gt 54320 adapter 1     default 22 gt 2222 adapter 1 gt default Running preboot VM customizations... gt default Booting VM... gt default Waiting for machine to boot. This may take a few minutes...     default SSH address 127.0.0.12222     default SSH username vagrant     default SSH auth method private key     default Warning Connection timeout. Retrying...     default Warning Connection timeout. Retrying... gt default Machine booted and ready Got different reports about installed GuestAdditions version Virtualbox on your host claims   4.3.18 VBoxService inside the vm claims 4.3.8 Going on, assuming VBoxService is correct... GuestAdditions versions on your host 4.3.26 and guest 4.3.8 do not match. Got different reports about installed GuestAdditions version Virtualbox on your host claims   4.3.18 VBoxService inside the vm claims 4.3.8 Going on, assuming VBoxService is correct... Reading package lists... Building dependency tree... Reading state information... linuxheaders3.16.023generic is already the newest version. dkms is already the newest version. 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 4 not upgraded. Copy iso file CProgram FilesOracleVirtualBoxVBoxGuestAdditions.iso into the box tmpVBoxGuestAdditions.iso mount devloop0 is writeprotected, mounting readonly Installing Virtualbox Guest Additions 4.3.8  guest version is 4.3.8 Verifying archive integrity... All good. Uncompressing VirtualBox 4.3.8 Guest Additions for Linux............ VirtualBox Guest Additions installer Removing installed version 4.3.8 of VirtualBox Guest Additions... Copying additional installer modules ... Installing additional modules ... Removing existing VirtualBox DKMS kernel modules ...done. Removing existing VirtualBox nonDKMS kernel modules ...done. Building the VirtualBox Guest Additions kernel modules The headers for the current running kernel were not found. If the following module compilation fails then this could be the reason.  Building the main Guest Additions module ...done. Building the shared folder support module ...fail Look at varlogvboxaddinstall.log to find out what went wrong Doing nonkernel setup of the Guest Additions ...done. Installing the Window System drivers Could not find the X.Org or XFree86 Window System, skipping. An error occurred during installation of VirtualBox Guest Additions 4.3.8. Some functionality may not work as intended. In most cases it is OK that the Window System drivers installation failed. gt default Checking for guest additions in VM... gt default Setting hostname... gt default Configuring and enabling network interfaces... gt default Mounting shared folders...     default vagrant gt CUsersbrand000Homestead Failed to mount folders in Linux guest. This is usually because the vboxsf file system is not available. Please verify that the guest additions are properly installed in the guest and can work properly. The command attempted was  mount t vboxsf o uidid u vagrant,gidgetent group vagrant  cut d f3 vagrant vagrant mount t vboxsf o uidid u vagrant,gidid g vagrant vagrant vagrant  The error output from the last command was  sbinmount.vboxsf mounting failed with the error No such device PS CUsersbrand000Homesteadgt codepre  pHere is the contents of the error file. a hrefhttppastebin.comUT0b5v0wPasteBin Upload of error file  varlogvboxaddinstall.logap  pI did install the vbguest vagrant plugin per a few guides and answers here at StackOverflow but nothing has worked so far.  Even tried downgrading VirtualBox to 4.3.8 and other version with no luck.  I followed the instructions on a hrefhttplaravel.comdocs5.0homesteadinstalling Laravel Homesteada correctly.  As I mentioned, it worked in the past.  Any suggestionsp
Negative 3262 pSo I have been trying to install Laravel Homestead through VagrantVirtualBox.  It used to work but now it is not working at all.  I have included what is returned from running codevagrant upcode in addition to the log file codevarlogvboxaddinstall.logcode mentioned in the error from the guest machine.  Below are all the version numbers to my current setup as well.p  blockquote   pOS Windows 8.1 64bit, VirtualBox 4.3.26, Vagrant 1.7.2p blockquote  pHere is the result of running the command codevagrant upcodep  precodePS CUsersbrand000Homesteadgt vagrant up Bringing machine default up with virtualbox provider... gt default Checking if box laravelhomestead is up to date... gt default Clearing any previously set forwarded ports... gt default Clearing any previously set network interfaces... gt default Preparing network interfaces based on configuration...     default Adapter 1 nat     default Adapter 2 hostonly gt default Forwarding ports...     default 80 gt 8000 adapter 1     default 443 gt 44300 adapter 1     default 3306 gt 33060 adapter 1     default 5432 gt 54320 adapter 1     default 22 gt 2222 adapter 1 gt default Running preboot VM customizations... gt default Booting VM... gt default Waiting for machine to boot. This may take a few minutes...     default SSH address 127.0.0.12222     default SSH username vagrant     default SSH auth method private key     default Warning Connection timeout. Retrying...     default Warning Connection timeout. Retrying... gt default Machine booted and ready Got different reports about installed GuestAdditions version Virtualbox on your host claims   4.3.18 VBoxService inside the vm claims 4.3.8 Going on, assuming VBoxService is correct... GuestAdditions versions on your host 4.3.26 and guest 4.3.8 do not match. Got different reports about installed GuestAdditions version Virtualbox on your host claims   4.3.18 VBoxService inside the vm claims 4.3.8 Going on, assuming VBoxService is correct... Reading package lists... Building dependency tree... Reading state information... linuxheaders3.16.023generic is already the newest version. dkms is already the newest version. 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 4 not upgraded. Copy iso file CProgram FilesOracleVirtualBoxVBoxGuestAdditions.iso into the box tmpVBoxGuestAdditions.iso mount devloop0 is writeprotected, mounting readonly Installing Virtualbox Guest Additions 4.3.8  guest version is 4.3.8 Verifying archive integrity... All good. Uncompressing VirtualBox 4.3.8 Guest Additions for Linux............ VirtualBox Guest Additions installer Removing installed version 4.3.8 of VirtualBox Guest Additions... Copying additional installer modules ... Installing additional modules ... Removing existing VirtualBox DKMS kernel modules ...done. Removing existing VirtualBox nonDKMS kernel modules ...done. Building the VirtualBox Guest Additions kernel modules The headers for the current running kernel were not found. If the following module compilation fails then this could be the reason.  Building the main Guest Additions module ...done. Building the shared folder support module ...fail Look at varlogvboxaddinstall.log to find out what went wrong Doing nonkernel setup of the Guest Additions ...done. Installing the Window System drivers Could not find the X.Org or XFree86 Window System, skipping. An error occurred during installation of VirtualBox Guest Additions 4.3.8. Some functionality may not work as intended. In most cases it is OK that the Window System drivers installation failed. gt default Checking for guest additions in VM... gt default Setting hostname... gt default Configuring and enabling network interfaces... gt default Mounting shared folders...     default vagrant gt CUsersbrand000Homestead Failed to mount folders in Linux guest. This is usually because the vboxsf file system is not available. Please verify that the guest additions are properly installed in the guest and can work properly. The command attempted was  mount t vboxsf o uidid u vagrant,gidgetent group vagrant  cut d f3 vagrant vagrant mount t vboxsf o uidid u vagrant,gidid g vagrant vagrant vagrant  The error output from the last command was  sbinmount.vboxsf mounting failed with the error No such device PS CUsersbrand000Homesteadgt codepre  pHere is the contents of the error file. a hrefhttppastebin.comUT0b5v0wPasteBin Upload of error file  varlogvboxaddinstall.logap  pI did install the vbguest vagrant plugin per a few guides and answers here at StackOverflow but nothing has worked so far.  Even tried downgrading VirtualBox to 4.3.8 and other version with no luck.  I followed the instructions on a hrefhttplaravel.comdocs5.0homesteadinstalling Laravel Homesteada correctly.  As I mentioned, it worked in the past.  Any suggestionsp
Negative 3262 pIm making a multiplayer game of airhockey between android mobiles with libgdx. I already able to connect the two phones with tcp connection and they exchange the locations of each other mallet .   The two phones have different resolutions and this causes a graphic problems for example    When in one of the phones the mallet in the same line with the puck in the other phone the mallet is not near the puck .  a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiAirhockey relnofollowhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiAirhockeya You can see here what i mean when i say mallet and puck until reading it i called it a tool and a diskp  pWhat i need to do in order to solve it so different screen sized phones can play without trouble one against .  Here is Additional info that may help p  pThe sizes of game objects and wall locations are already determined by percents of the screen for example the radius of the mallet is 7 percent of screens width. Also I send the coordinates between the two phones by float numbers between 0 1 represent where in the screen for example middle point 0.5  , 0.5. But it dont solves it .p  pHere are the things relevant to game graphics in my render function p  precodebatch  new SpriteBatch camera  new OrthographicCamera height  Gdx.graphics.getWidth width  Gdx.graphics.getHeight camera.setToOrthofalse, height, width codepre  pMaybe changing any parameters in this functions may help but i have no idea if i need to change something here . p  pThanks to the helpers.p
Negative 3262 pI found a quite strange thing when I try to send a picture from client side to server side through socket using Java. Here is my code in client side of Class ImgSender which extends Thread classp  precodepublic class ImgSender extends Thread      Socket imgs     BoolFlag imageready,dataready     ImgBoundingBox image     ByteArrayOutputStream byteArrayOutputStream  public ImgSenderSocket s,BoolFlag dataready,BoolFlag imageready,ImgBoundingBox image      this.imgss     this.imagereadyimageready     this.imageimage     this.datareadydataready  public void run      boolean runningtrue     whilerunning               System.out.printlnImg sender running         ifimageready.getFlag          System.out.printlntrying to send img             try                                OutputStream outputStream  imgs.getOutputStream                   ImageIO.writeimage.getImg, jpg, outputStream                    System.out.printlnSend imageSystem.currentTimeMillis                   outputStream.flush                   outputStream.close                   imageready.setFlagfalse                           catchException e                              System.out.printlnimage client send failed                 imageready.setFlagfalse                                 codepre  pWhat is strange is that as I comment out the first statementp  precodeSystem.out.printlnImg sender running codepre  pThe image wont be sent to the server and trying to send img wont be printed out. If I dont comment it out, or , I do some other stuff like sleep before the if statement, the picture could be sent to the server and trying to send img is printed. Moreover, if I debug the programme by putting a break point atp  precodeifimageready.getFlag codepre  pThen execute it step by step, it would pass the if statement and send it image successfully.p  pIn terms of the server side, here is the code for the Class ImgManagerp  precodeprivate class ImgManager extends Thread      Socket imgs      boolean workingtrue     public ImgManagerSocket s                    this.imgss          public void run            whileworking                    try                                InputStream inputStream  imgs.getInputStream                    System.out.printlnReading   System.currentTimeMillis                     BufferedImage image  ImageIO.readImageIO.createImageInputStreaminputStream                     System.out.printlnReceived   image.getHeight  x  image.getWidth     System.currentTimeMillis                    ImageIO.writeimage, jpg, new Fileimg.jpg                          catchException e                                 workingfalse                 System.out.printlnstopped working socket                                public void end              try                      workingfalse             imgs.close                  catchException e                      System.out.printlnconnection close failed                    codepre  pWhen it receive the image, it would print out the size of the picture so that we know if it can get the image.p  pI tried these two programmes on different machinesmac and pc windows7 and different softwareblueJ,eclipse or even launch it with command line. The problem shows no matter in which environment. p  pHere is the link to my code of the whole project storing in google drive Servera hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B6w5wGgS14UnZCbXJKUGdvSFEviewuspsharing relnofollowhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B6w5wGgS14UnZCbXJKUGdvSFEviewuspsharinga Clienta hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B6w5wGgS14aUlmcG4yQWVnemMviewuspsharing relnofollowhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B6w5wGgS14aUlmcG4yQWVnemMviewuspsharingap  pI think its better to download the source code and look inside it, its hard to describe everything in here. Sincerely looking for your helpp
Negative 3262 pSorry for the silly question but I am new of the ANN world, and since I am making a my own project i would like to know exactly everything I am doing.p  pSo I still do not get how does the storage of weights and biases , in variables , works.p  pAre they put in an array or in a matrix How does the position in these ones works then And so on... p
Negative 3262 pIve been spending some time getting Cloud9 set up for use at my company, and for the most part, everything is working fine. Ive come across a very frustrating issue relating to their SSH workspaces though, and cant seem to find information about it anywhere online.p  pThe issue is that when a file is created in the Cloud9 IDE via controln, or any other means  including drag and drop upload, that file results in a 404 when navigated to in a browser. The file very clearly exists, as it is editable in Cloud9, and definitely shows up when we FTP into the server and confirm its location. But in browser the file will result in a 404.p  pAn interesting note if you were to take the exact same file, save it locally, and upload it to the SAME DIRECTORY through FTP, everything works as expected. p  pI really cant figure out how this is even possible, and it has to be some sort of quirk with SSH that Im unfamiliar with. Anyone have experience with something like this, or any ideasp
Negative 3262 pI did everything my google manual for OAuth2. Html p  precodeltdiv idmysignin2gtltdivgt codepre  pJSp  precode ltscript srchttpsapis.google.comjsplatform.jsonloadrenderButton async defergtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function onSuccessgoogleUser          alerturaaa         console.logLogged in as   googleUser.getBasicProfile.getName           function onFailureerror          alertuff          console.logerror           function renderButton          gapi.signin2.rendermysignin2,              scope httpswww.googleapis.comauthplus.login,             width 100,             height 50,             longtitle false,             theme light,             onsuccess onSuccess,             onfailure onFailure                ltscriptgt codepre  pIt works well for Chrome and FireFox. And no authorization happens in Internet Explorer 11.p  pHow to fix itp
Negative 3262 pSo I have some Rails 3.2.x code that takes an HTML view page and outputs it to PDF using the docraptor print service.  The only issue is that it doesnt shrink the contents to fit on the PDF page, so theres overrun.  p  pI initially tried to do a media query to inject some css for printing, but that didnt seem to do anything.p  pWhat are my options to try and make this work  p  p1  I thought about making a separate print style sheet instead of media query but Im not sure docraptor is treating the HTML document in print mode when I send it to docraptor via a POST request.p  p2  I could also make a separate Rails view to print out with a narrower width say 500 px, to ensure all the contents fits on the PDF page when outputted.  This is more work, so Im trying to make something like 1 work but I havent had any luck.p  precodeclass PdfMaker   include HTTParty   def makepdf      options             documenturl gt url,           documenttype gt pdf,           name gt mydocument.pdf,           test gt false,           async gt false,           princeoptions gt baseurl gt httpwww.example.com               response  postdocs, body gt doc gt options, basicauth gtusername gt securestringXXXX   end end codepre
Negative 3262 pI use the wordpress theme Sahifa where the default position of the post title is BELOW the featured image. I want to move i ABOVE the featured image. p  pWho can identify the piece of code that needs to be movedp  pTHANKS p  pPLease find below my single.phpp    precodeltphp if   haveposts   gt ltdiv classcontentgt     ltphp gettemplatepart frameworkpartsnotfound  gt ltdivgt ltphp endif gt  ltphp while  haveposts   thepost gt  ltphp tiesetPostViews gt  ltphp     getmeta  getpostcustompostgtID      tieupdatereviewsinfo      if empty getmeta[tiesidebarpos][0]  ampamp getmeta[tiesidebarpos][0]  full  contentwidth  955      donotduplicate  array  gt  ltphp if empty getmeta[tiepostheadcover][0]    gt ltdiv classpostcoverheadgt     ltphp gettemplatepart frameworkpartsposthead  gt ltdivgt ltphp endif gt  ltdiv classcontentltphp if empty getmeta[tiepostheadcover][0]   echo  postcovergtgt      ltphp if  empty getmeta[tiepostheadcover][0]                empty getmeta[tiepostheadcover][0]  ampamp  empty getmeta[tieposthead][0]  ampamp getmeta[tieposthead][0]  thumb     gt      ltphp tiebreadcrumbs gt      ltphp endif gt       ltphp Above Post Banner     if  empty getmeta[tiehideabove][0]           if empty getmeta[tiebannerabove][0]   echo ltdiv classe3lan e3lanpostgt .htmlspecialcharsdecodegetmeta[tiebannerabove][0] .ltdivgt         else tiebannerbannerabove , ltdiv classe3lan e3lanpostgt , ltdivgt           gt      ltarticle ltphp postclasspostlisting gt idthepostgt         ltphp if empty getmeta[tiepostheadcover][0]   gettemplatepart frameworkpartsposthead  gt          ltdiv classpostinnergt          ltphp if  empty getmeta[tiepostheadcover][0]    empty getmeta[tieposthead][0]  ampamp  tiegetoption postfeatured                     empty getmeta[tiepostheadcover][0]  ampamp  empty getmeta[tieposthead][0]  ampamp getmeta[tieposthead][0]  thumb     gt             lth1 classname posttitle entrytitle itempropitemReviewed itemscope itemtypehttpschema.orgThinggtltspan itempropnamegtltphp thetitle gtltspangtlth1gt              ltphp gettemplatepart frameworkpartsmetapost  gt         ltphp endif gt              ltdiv classentrygt                 ltphp if  tiegetoption shareposttop  ampamp  empty getmeta[tiehideshare][0]     empty getmeta[tiehideshare][0]  ampamp getmeta[tiehideshare][0]  no   gettemplatepart frameworkpartsshare    Get Share Button template gt                  ltphp if tiegetoption relatedposition   in  gettemplatepart frameworkpartsrelatedposts  gt                  ltphp thecontent gt                 ltphp wplinkpages array before gt ltdiv classpagelinkgt . ti Pages , after gt ltdivgt   gt                  ltphp editpostlink ti Edit , ltspan classeditlinkgt, ltspangt  gt             ltdivgtlt .entry gt             ltphp thetags ltspan styledisplaynonegt, , ltspangt gt             ltspan styledisplaynone classupdatedgtltphp thetime Ymd  gtltspangt             ltphp if  gettheauthormeta google   gt             ltdiv styledisplaynone classvcard author itempropauthor itemscope itemtypehttpschema.orgPersongtltstrong classfn itempropnamegtlta hrefltphp theauthormeta google  gtrelauthorgtltphp echo gettheauthor gtltagtltstronggtltdivgt             ltphp else gt             ltdiv styledisplaynone classvcard author itempropauthor itemscope itemtypehttpschema.orgPersongtltstrong classfn itempropnamegtltphp theauthorpostslink gtltstronggtltdivgt             ltphp  gt              ltphp if  tiegetoption sharepost  ampamp empty getmeta[tiehideshare][0]     empty getmeta[tiehideshare][0]  ampamp getmeta[tiehideshare][0]  no   gettemplatepart frameworkpartsshare   Get Share Button template gt             ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt         ltdivgtlt .postinner gt     ltarticlegtlt .postlisting gt     ltphp if tiegetoption posttags   thetags ltp classposttaggt.ti Tags    , , ltpgt gt       ltphp Below Post Banner     if empty getmeta[tiehidebelow][0]           if empty getmeta[tiebannerbelow][0]   echo ltdiv classe3lan e3lanpostgt .htmlspecialcharsdecodegetmeta[tiebannerbelow][0] .ltdivgt         else tiebannerbannerbelow , ltdiv classe3lan e3lanpostgt , ltdivgt           gt      ltphp if  tiegetoption postauthorbio  ampamp empty getmeta[tiehideauthor][0]     isset getmeta[tiehiderelated][0]  ampamp getmeta[tiehideauthor][0]  no   gt           ltsection idauthorboxgt         ltdiv classblockheadgt             lth3gtltphp eti About  gt ltphp theauthor gt lth3gtltdiv classstripelinegtltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classpostlistinggt             ltphp tieauthorbox gt         ltdivgt     ltsectiongtlt authorbox gt     ltphp endif gt       ltphp if tiegetoption postnav   gt                     ltdiv classpostnavigationgt         ltdiv classpostpreviousgtltphp previouspostlink link, ltspangt. ti Previous .ltspangt title  gtltdivgt         ltdiv classpostnextgtltphp nextpostlink link, ltspangt. ti Next .ltspangt title  gtltdivgt     ltdivgtlt .postnavigation gt     ltphp endif gt      ltphp if tiegetoption relatedposition   in  gettemplatepart frameworkpartsrelatedposts  gt      ltphp gettemplatepart frameworkpartscheckalso  gt      ltphp endwhilegt      ltphp commentstemplate , true  gt  ltdivgtlt .content gt codepre
Negative 3262 pI am a newbie to Kinect technology and I need to start developing a prove of concept application using kinect v1, C, Eclipse IDE on Ubuntu.p  pI knew the difference between OpenNI  NITE  SensorKinect and Libfreenect.. For now I need only to access the Depth data from the Kinect. So, I have decided to start with libfreenect only. p  pI am still confused how to start developing Kinect applications using libfreenect in Eclipse p  pAny resources recommendations are really appreciated   p
Negative 3262 pSo I have a Python application running with an NginX reverse proxy providing an SSL connection to the running app. I have configured the reverse proxy with the appropriate proxysetheader directives to forward the remoteaddr variable to the XRealIP header. What Im struggling with is that the Python application is still pulling the localhost address as the IP that is accessing the app.p  pThis exact configuration is setup on two other servers, run by other people without problems.  Im just not sure if there is a configuration option in the main NginX conf file that I need to modify, although neither of the other admins mentioned having this issue with their configurations.p  pAttached is my site configuration.  Any recommendations would be appreciated.p  precodeserver      listen 80     listen []80     return 301 httpshostrequesturi   server       listen 443     servername             redacted      sslcertificate         etcnginxsslredacted.crt     sslcertificatekey     etcnginxsslredacted.key      ssl                         on     sslsessioncache           builtin1000 sharedSSL10m     sslprotocols               TLSv1 TLSv1.1 TLSv1.2     sslciphers                 HIGHaNULLeNULLEXPORTCAMELLIADESMD5PSKRC4     sslpreferserverciphers   on      accesslog              varlognginxredacted.access.log      location            proxysetheader    Host                host         proxysetheader    XRealIP           remoteaddr         proxysetheader    XForwardedFor     proxyaddxforwardedfor         proxysetheader    XForwardedProto   scheme          proxypass          http127.0.0.18765         proxyreadtimeout  90          proxyredirect      http127.0.0.18765   httpsredacted         codepre
Negative 3262 pHere is the code for my method that is supposed to detect whether or not a mouse click is within a rectangle that I defined.p  precode private boolean mouseOverint mx,int my,int x, int y, int width, int height        ifx lt mx  ampamp mx lt x  widthampampy lt my ampamp my lt y  height         System.out.printmxnmynxnynwidthnheightn     return true      else         System.out.printmxnmynxnynwidthnheightn         return false    codepre  pThis is where I am defining the rectangles with text.p  precodepublic void renderGraphics g     Font fnt  new Fontarial, 1, 50     Font fnt1  new Fontarial, 1, 30     g.setColorColor.white      g.setFontfnt     g.drawStringMenu, 240,70     g.setFontfnt1     g.drawStringPlay, 270,190     g.drawRect210, 150, 200, 64     g.drawStringScores, 270,290     g.drawRect210, 250, 200, 64     g.drawStringQuit, 270,390     g.drawRect210, 350, 200, 64  codepre  pHere is where the method is used.p  precodepublic void mousePressedMouseEvent e     int mx  e.getY     int my  e.getX     play button     if mouseOvermx ,my ,210, 150, 200, 64         game.gameState  STATE.Game          quit button     if mouseOvermx ,my ,210, 350, 200, 64          System.exit1        codepre  pWhen the method is called I commanded it to spit out the fields it takes, and here is an example. p  pmx  185 my  344 x  210 y  350 width  200 height  64 That data was from clicking the mouse inside of the rectangle, so it should have returned true if it was working properly. Maybe its returning the wrong coordinates of the mouse pressp  pAny ideas  Im using a mac if that makes any difference. p
Negative 3262 pI noticed that while debugging my applications, sometimes the [InProc] Session State is destroyed following rebuilds C Web Application.  The sequence of events are as followsp  ol liRebuild amp run application Debug or Release Mode, Doesnt Matterli liPopulate a Session Variable in PageLoad Eventli liSessionEnd fires then ApplicationEnd firesli liI perform a postback and check for Session variable populated in Step 2, it is empty.li ol  pI am running this application using IIS Express, but it seems to occur irregardless of which web server is being used.  This is causing numerous problems as the application isnt counting on Session variables to vanish.  p  precodenamespace BlankWebApp    public partial class Default  System.Web.UI.Page        protected void PageLoadobject sender, EventArgs e            if IsPostBack                Session[test]  true                  protected void butCheckSessionClickobject sender, EventArgs e            if Session[test]  null                 SessionEnd and ApplicationEnd must have been called                 codepre
Negative 3262 pI need to maintain a project that produces two applications.  Ive created two targets that share all the view Controller and Models. The only difference in these targets are storyboards and a couple of configuration files. p  pFor codeLocalizable.stringscode file I dont see any problem, as I said View Controllers and Models are shared and Ive used codeNSLocalizedStringcode function in these files. My doubts are related to the code.storyboardcode files translation. Since the storyboards are really similar they differ for the most for colors, position of some elements and for a couple of label text I feel that is useless to maintain different strings file that contains almost the same data. Any suggestion Is there a way to use the same translation file for different storyboards p
Negative 3262 pCan anyone advise how to fill below table The header and first column is dynamic. If I can populate the table data then I can print it in the codeUIcodep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.combaTGk.png altenter image description herep  pData is retrieved from the codeDBcode and set to the codeProductcode object. The codeProductcode object contains the matching codeplanscode. Some products doesnt have all the codeplanscode. So there should be an empty codeplancode object in that particular index of the codepricePlanListcode.p  precodePublic class Product       price plans this object can have.   private ArrayList pricePlanList  new ArrayList     public void setPricePlanListArrayList list      this.pricePlanList  list       public ArrayList getPricePlanList      returnn pricePlanList     codepre  pI can populate this in the jsf view but need to fill the data structure properly. Some codeproductcode have few plans, some codeproductcode has all the plans. so when populate the columns in the view table, its not working properly. Because some product has less codeplanscode objects in the list, meaning less columns. also not matching to relevant column. p  pSee codeProduct 2code doesnt have codePlan 1code in the codeDBcode. so codeProduct2code object should have a second codeplancode object but without value.p  pIs there any direct codejavacode codedata structurecode I can use else I have to loop it and fill the missing object to build this tablep
Negative 3262 pI have a fact table that includes wait times in hours for certain services. I have a lot of dimensions that could describe the waittimes based on different slices however, I am also interested in knowing how many people counts came for services through the filters of the same dimensions.p  pGiven the dimensions for both the waittimes in hours and the number of people who got services are exactly the same, I think its best practice to keep it in the same fact table. My question isp  ol liShould there be a different fact table for the count measure mentionedli liHow would I include this measure Do I just put 1 in every single row Because regardless of the waittime, theyve gotten the service only once you cannot go abovebelow 1 in my scenario.li ol
Negative 3262 pFirst of all, I should clarify that this is in Wordpress. Im having trouble returning a json array and executing a javascript function using that json array. I currently have a list of 8 projects in the database. Each project has a title, latitude, longitude, status complete or incomplete, industryi.e. oil, petrol, etc., and state. The ajax call executes based on three dropdown menus for status, industry, and state. The ajax call then creates a new wpquery based on that criteria, and then replaces the list of projects on the page. This all works fine.p  pHowever, the list also corresponds to a google map. All projects have markers on the map when the page loads. Whenever the ajax filtering happens, I need to remove and replace those markers with the new listings. This is where I need the json array in order to add the markers to the map. I just cant figure out how to return the json array and then use it in a javascript function to add the markers.p  pBelow is the ajax callp  precode states .changefunction            Get values from all three dropdown menus         var state  states.val         var markets  markets.val         var services  services.val          projectlist.fadeOut           This does the ajax request         .ajax             url ajaxurl,              data                  action  jsoninfo,                 state  state,                 status  markets,                 services  services             ,             successfunctiondata                   This outputs the result of the ajax request                 projectlist.html data                  projectlist.fadeIn                 this is where I get lost                addMarkersdata                 ,             error functionerrorThrown                 console.logerrorThrown                        end of ajax call        end of click function codepre  pAnd in the jsoninfo action, I have the followingp  precodefunction jsoninfo        The REQUEST contains all the data sent via ajax     if  issetREQUEST    ....       create a new array to store projects     projectsArray  array           query results by page template         myquery  new WPQuerypages  ....                  ifmyquerygthaveposts                    whilemyquerygthaveposts                       myquerygtthepost                         projects array is filled with the results of the query loop                     projectsArray[]  array                     title gt getthetitle,                     lat gt getfieldlatitude,                     long gt getfieldlongitude,                     status gt getfieldstatus,                     industry gt getfieldindustry,                     state gt getfieldstate                     num gt n                                              this outputs each title into a list                     echo ltligt.thetitle.ltligt              endwhile endif             end of isset           gt           ltscriptgt                  set jqueryarray before the ajax file in order to parse the PHP, Im not sure if this is correct                 var myjsonarray  ltphp echo jsonencodeprojectsArray gt             ltscriptgt           ltphp           Im not sure if this is correct                  echo jsonencodeprojectsArray       Always die in functions echoing ajax content    die   codepre  pI condensed the function for the sake of saving space. So I just put .... where the variables are being set, as well as where the wpquery args are set, as that all works just fine.p  pSo the question is, how do I output the list of titles, yet return the json array at the same time And then use that json array to execute a javascript function to add markers on the map I know how to used the json info to add the markers, just not how to access it in a javascript function that is called by an ajax success. Any help would be appreciated, as I am stuck after searching all over for an answer.p  pEDIT Adding the photo below to show what happens when I echo both the list of titles, as well as the json encoded array. I do need the list items for the titles to output like that, but I dont want the json array to echo to the screen. I only need to be able to access it in the ajax success call in order to execute a javascript function.img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comgsdCe.png altWebsite Screenshotp
Negative 3262 pI am using a virtual server hosted anywhere the virtual machine has Windows Server 2012 Datacenter R2 installed, but is not an domain controller. Now I installed Team Foundation Server 2015 RC its the release candidate but I think I will get similar problems with other versions and the URLs are populated using the machine Name. p  pFor example if my domain is abc.de, and my hostname is vmd12345, then the populated urls are something like thisp  pa hrefhttpvmd123458080tfs relnofollowhttpvmd123458080tfsap  pAccessing repositories from visual studio is not a problem, but when I do some actions for example view build logs, the web application tries to request vmd12345, what in fact is not accessible outside of the server. I tried to change the urls using the change url button in the TFS admin console, but if I do the system ask for a username and password and I do not know which user account is required. p  pTrying to change the URLs using the admin console failed cause the system has asked by to enter the credentials I guess the credentials of the configured service user is ment, but the credentials did not work. p  pFurther investigations shows that this is caused by an IIS problem of the webpage the TFS deploys into the IIS. If I connect at localhost, the credentials of the user were accepted, using the domain name the credentials was not accepted. Any Idea of what the problem can bep
Negative 3262 pIm having an issue loading the Swagger UI  enabling the UI endpoint. Maven project, Jersey version  2.12, Swagger version  1.5.1M2p  pIve a programmatically configured jersey web app. In my extension of ResourceConfig, I set the following for Swaggerp  precodeBeanConfig beanConfig  new BeanConfig beanConfig.setVersion1.0.0 beanConfig.setHosthttplocalhost8080 beanConfig.setBasePathappv1 beanConfig.setResourcePackagecom.app.features codepre  pbeanConfig.setScantruep  precoderegisterbeanConfig  registernew ApiListingResourceJSON registernew SwaggerSerializers codepre  pI also have a bootscrap class, which I load via web.xml p  precodepublic class Bootstrap extends HttpServlet    Override  public void initServletConfig config throws ServletException    Info info  new Info       .titleSwagger Sample App       .descriptionDesc       .termsOfServicehttphelloreverb.comterms       .contactnew Contact           .emailapiteamswagger.io       .licensenew License           .nameApache 2.0           .urlhttpwww.apache.orglicensesLICENSE2.0.html    ServletContext context  config.getServletContext   Swagger swagger  new Swagger.infoinfo   context.setAttributeswagger, swagger    codepre  pSaid web.xmlp  precodeltwelcomefilelistgt   ltwelcomefilegtindex.htmlltwelcomefilegt  ltwelcomefilelistgt   ltservletgt   ltservletnamegtBootstrapltservletnamegt   ltservletclassgtcom.app.Bootstrapltservletclassgt   ltloadonstartupgt2ltloadonstartupgt  ltservletgt codepre  pI have copied the contents of the Swagger UI dist to my web app folder.p  pWhen I hit the api json endpoints on a hrefhttplocalhost8080appv1swagger.json relnofollowhttplocalhost8080appv1swagger.jsona I do get the json code, e.g. p  precodeswagger2.0,infoversion1.0.0,hosthttplocalhost8080,basePathappv1 codepre  pbut I dont seem to see the Swagger UI on the paths I would expect httplocalhost8080appv1 or httplocalhost8080appv1appv1index.html.p  pIm unfortunately not as comfortable with Jersey as I am with Spring, so any assistance would be welcome.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have an codeNSDictionarycode that holds a date like thisp  blockquote   p20150523 210411 0000p blockquote  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOUtPb.png altenter image description herep  pand Im trying to parse it likep  precodeNSDateFormatter dateFormat  [[NSDateFormatter alloc] init] [dateFormat setDateFormatyyyyMMdd HHmmss z]  NSDate date  [dateFormat dateFromString[item valueForKeyenddata]] codepre  pI also tried changing the last line top  precodeNSDate date  [dateFormat dateFromString[[item valueForKeyenddata] stringValue]] codepre  pbut my error is always the samep  blockquote   p[NSDate length] unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x78ec0170p blockquote  pIve seen posts like a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1348965howtoreadansdateinfromastringthisa, or a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4999396howtoparseadatestringintoannsdateobjectiniosthisa, or a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions25945402howtogetdateinyyyymmddthhmmssssszformatthisa, and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comsearchqnsdateformatter20stringmany morea. Ive tried with different formats such asp  ol liyyyyMMdd HHmmss zli liyyyyMMdd HHmmss zzzzli liyyyyMMdd HHmmss Zli liyyyyMMdd HHmmss zzzzli liyyyyMMdd HHmmss zli liyyyyMMddTHHmmssZli liyyyyMMdd hhmmss ali liyyyyMMdd HHmmss ali liyyyyMMdd HHmmss zzzli liyyyyMMdd hhmmss zzzzli ol  pbut still getting the same codeSIGABRTcodep  pDoes anyone have a clue whats wrongp
Negative 3262 pI have a button.  When the button is clicked it will display a form.  Im usingp  precode  theform.addClasshidden     theform.removeClasshidden   ltdiv idtheform classhiddengtltform  methodPOST actionindex.php enctypemultipartformdata onsubmitreturn validateFormthisgtltformgtltdivgt codepre  pIt works fine but when the form is submitted the form disappears.   p  pIve been trying for days to make the form display after submitting but cant find a solution.   p  pMy question  After submitting the form, how can I make the form show remove .hidden  p
Negative 3262 pFor one of our automation requirement we need to download a bunch of git repositories which are available under a team project in VisualStudio Online. We are using the classes available under codeMicrosoft.TeamFoundation.SourceControl.WebApicode to retrieve the repository details and we could succeed here. Now we need to download each of the repository on to a local machine. I thought of using codeTfvcHttpClient.DownloadItemZipAsynccode to download entire repository as a zip file. Following is the code snippet I am using to download the repositoryp  precodeprivate async TaskltStreamgt DownloadRepoGuid repositoryId, string repoUrl                      System.Threading.CancellationToken cancelToken  new System.Threading.CancellationToken             TfvcHttpClient client  new TfvcHttpClientnew Urihttpsmyproject.visualstudio.comDefaultCollection, Credentials             var file  await client.DownloadItemZipAsync, new TfvcVersionDescriptor                                      VersionOption  TfvcVersionOption.None,                     VersionType  TfvcVersionType.Latest                 , cancelToken              return file          codepre  pBut here I am not clear on how to pass the TeamProjectId and the repository Id so that the api can download the repository details.p  pAny help is appreciated.p
Negative 3262 pI have URL that I am trying to get a picture from. Im using the codehttp.getcode method, but get a binary response. How can I get something back that I can insert into the pagep  precodehttp.gethttpsexampleurlimages  scope.element[i].id                             .successfunction response             I have response such as JFIFCREATOR gdjpeg v1.0 using IJG JPEG v80                              codepre
Negative 3262 precodefor int i0 ilt3i      switch i       case 0 cout ltlt 0ltltendl  case 1 cout ltlt 1ltltendl  case 2 cout ltlt 2ltltendl       codepre  pWhy print code0 1 2 1 2 2code  And not just code0 1 2code. I use gcc.p
Negative 3262 pIm a beginner when it comes to Python, but ive manage to make a simple program where you die. The problem is to get the retry command right after you die. Sorry for all the comments in the code.p  pHeres the codep  precodeimport time  def repeat    create a new definition called repeat      workinprogress       starts workinprogress def when called later in the program  def end               creates a new definition called end quit               Does what it says. It quits the program when called.            The program jumps over the next def becouse the def has not yet been called  prompt  gt             promt is sett as a string def workinprogress              Creates a new definition called workinprogress print How many hours of work do you have work  rawinputprompt             work is sett as the users input print So you have s hours of work  work           uses the answer the user inputs  workinprogress           The program calls the workinprogress def. workinprogress executes  print does it continue  print Lets make a death def  def yourdead             Creates a new def named yourdead print You died during this program Too bad... print Try again again  rawinputprompt                Again is sett as prompt which has been given a string if again  yes               If the user answer yes in the last input     workinprogress               Execute workinprogress elif again  no              If user answer no in the last input     end                            End program else                   If something else than yes or no are entered in the input     print s is not a valid answer  again                 print this     yourdead                  Execute this       The next def is not called yet so it jumps over it.  def lifequest            Creates a new def called lifequest print Die or live life  rawinputprompt          life is sett as a prompt which has been given a string if life  die            If user input in life is die     yourdead                  Execute yourdead elif life  live         Else if user input in life is live     print Lets start again        Print this     workinprogress          Execute this else                    User input is something else     lifequest             Execute this  lifequest         life quest is called and are executed codepre
Negative 3262 pI grab the image from my camera using ffmpeg and the following commandp  precodeffmpeg y f vfwcap r 25 i 0 http10.172.180.2358090feed2.ffm codepre  pand on other machine with the ip mentioned above I have the ffserver running with the following config filep  precodeHttpPort 8090 HttpBindAddress 0.0.0.0 MaxHTTPConnections 2000 MaxClients 1000 MaxBandwidth 3000 CustomLog  ltStream stat.htmlgt     Format status     ACL allow localhost     ACL allow 192.168.0.0 192.168.255.255     ACL allow 10.172.180.199     ACL allow 10.172.180.216     ACL allow 10.172.180.215 ltStreamgt ltFeed feed2.ffmgt     File tmpfeed2.ffm     FileMaxSize 1G      ACL allow 127.0.0.1     ACL allow 10.172.180.199     ACL allow 10.172.180.216     ACL allow 10.172.180.236     ACL allow 10.172.180.109 ltFeedgt ltStream live.flvgt     Format flv     Feed feed2.ffm      VideoCodec libx264     VideoFrameRate 30     VideoBitRate 800     VideoSize 1280x720      AVOptionVideo crf 23     AVOptionVideo preset medium     AVOptionVideo merange 16     AVOptionVideo qdiff 4     AVOptionVideo qmin 10     AVOptionVideo qmax 51     AVOptionVideo flags globalheader  NoAudio     AudioCodec aac     Strict 2     AudioBitRate 128     AudioChannels 2     AudioSampleRate 44100     AVOptionAudio flags globalheader ltStreamgt codepre  pAnd that works, I can stream video in flv over http... But now I would like to use rtmp, becase I want to display the live stream on my webpage with some player. I wanted to use the a hrefhttpwww.videojs.com relnofollowvideo.jsa, but it seems like in the latest versions it doesnt support live video any more... I found a hrefhttpmediaelementjs.com relnofollowmediaelement.jsa, but to stream live content there I need the rtmp protocol, so thats the cause of my question. Thanks for your helpp
Negative 3262 pI have done a small program to work as a crone job and hosted it, when i make a call to www.myurl.com3030start, the script will start and every 10 seconds a api call will happen until the set send time is met.  end time can be normally in 1 or 2 hour since the script started, this is how it works when one time its called. now it can be called again like till 100 times, so the issue is. memory is increasing like nothing, p  pi tried running twice, my memory ran in to 90 mb. so i have a question isnt there any grabage collection done in node.js  i have tried deploying with forever and pm2 both but still its same.p  pthis is the code, very simple code.p  precodevar express  requireexpress var path  requirepath var app  express var router  express.Router var bodyParser  requirebodyparser var moment  requiremoment var http  requirehttp  app.use bodyParser.json         to support JSONencoded bodies  app.usebodyParser.urlencoded      to support URLencoded bodies     extended true   app.setviews, path.joindirname, views app.setview engine, jade  app.userouter app.useexpress.staticpath.joindirname, public  router.all, function req, res, next      console.logSomeone made a request     console.logreq.body     next   router.get, function req, res      res.renderindex   router.postsecret, function req, res      console.logPost request     var utcNow  moment.utc     console.logStart At  utcNow.formatYYYYMMDD HHmmss      function callBackUrlurl, data         console.logCallback URL request at   moment.utc.formatYYYYMMDD HHmmss         var request  requirerequest          request.post             url,             form data data,             function error, response, body                  if error ampamp response.statusCode  200                      console.logbody                                                   var startAt  req.body.startAt     var callback  req.body.callback     var oldCallback  callback     var endAt  momentreq.body.endAt 0000, YYYYMMDD HHmmss Z req format 20150515 112350     var data  req.body.data     var now   moment.utc.formatYYYYMMDD HHmmss     var delay  momentnow,YYYYMMDD HHmmss.diffmomentstartAt,YYYYMMDD HHmmss  1000     console.logstartAt      now      delay       if callback    endAt    data           console.logParams cannot be empty    JSON.stringifyreq.body         res.endParams cannot be empty   JSON.stringifyreq.body           if utcNow.diffendAt, s gt 0         console.logParam endAt is invalid    JSON.stringifyreq.body         res.endParam endAt is invalid   JSON.stringifyreq.body           var jsonObject  JSON.parsedata to get the JSON object of the string       var callbackUrl1  httpqa.website.comindex.phpapidefaulttestid1     var callbackUrl2  httpqa.website.comindex.phpapidefaulttestid2      var nowCount  0      var cTask  setIntervalfunction          nowCount         var utcDate  moment.utc          console.logcrn Tick time   moment.utc.formatYYYYMMDD HHmmss          var mtime  utcDate.clone         mtime.subtractcallback, s         console.logcallback time   callback  1000          var tmpEndAt  utcDate.formatYYYYMMDD HHmmss         var tmpStartAt  mtime.formatYYYYMMDD HHmmss          if nowCount  1              callback  parseIntcallback  delay             tmpStartAt  startAt             console.log1st time   callback                  else              callback  oldCallback             console.lognot 1st time   callback                  jsonObject.startAt  tmpStartAt         jsonObject.endAt  tmpEndAt         data  JSON.stringifyjsonObject          callBackUrlcallbackUrl1, data          if utcDate.diffendAt, s gt 0              clearIntervalcTask             console.logstopped at   moment.utc.formatYYYYMMDD HHmmss             console.lognow count   nowCount             callBackUrlcallbackUrl2, data              , callback  1000      console.logPost body j, req.body     res.endBody   JSON.stringifyreq.body    app.listen3030 module.exports  app codepre
Negative 3262 pDoes anyone have guidance on how one should go about opening many sockets, listening on them, and doing sendreceive on each Currently Im looking at three high level optionsp  ol liMake a thread per connectionli liMake a single thread for all connectionsli liDont split connection handling out of the main threadli ol  pIm making a mail server like program and I cant find any best practices on the subject. Nor can I find any wisdom on the proscons of each of the above options.p
Negative 3262 pwhat is the idiomatic way to upsert a document using version 3 of the mongodb java driver specifically v3.0.1p  pWe have a collection for sessions and when a new session gets created or modified, we want to upsert it in one operation  rather than having to query if a document exists yet and then either inserting or replacing.p  pOur old upsertion code used the scala driver casbah 2.7.3.  It looked likep  precodeimport com.mongodb.casbah.MongoCollection import com.mongdb.DBObject val sessionCollection MongoCollection  ... val sessionKey String  ... val sessionDocument DBObject  ...  Either create a new one, or find and modify an existing one  sessionCollection.update     id gt sessionKey,     sessionDocument     upsert  true  codepre  pIn our current project were just using the plain java 3.0.1 driver and were using codeBsonDocumentcode instead of codeDBObjectcode to make it more typsafe. I tried to replace the above with something likep  precodeimport com.mongodb.client.MongoCollection val sessionCollection MongoCollection  ... val sessionKey String  ... val sessionDocument BsonDocument   Either create a new one, or find and modify an existing one  val updateOptions  new UpdateOptions updateOptions.upserttrue  sessionCollection.updateOne     id gt new BsonStringsessionKey,     sessionDocument,     updateOptions  codepre  pThis throws the error java.lang.IllegalArgumentException Invalid BSON field name .... The error is covered in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions29434207mongodbupdateusingjava3driverthis questiona but the op in that question wasnt trying to upsert in one operation  they were using context to decide whether to replaceupdateinsert etc...p  pIm happy with code samples in scala or java.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pIn R, one can build an codelmcode or codeglmcode object with fixed coefficients, using the codeoffsetcode parameter in a formula.p  precodexseq1,100 yx23x7  Forcing to fit the polynomial 2x2  4x  8  fixedmodel  lmy  0  offset8  4x  2Ix2  codepre  pIs it possible to do the same thing using codepolycode I tried the code below but it doesnt seem to work. p  precodefixedmodelwpoly lt lmy  0  offsetpolyx, order2, raw  TRUE, coefs c8, 4, 2 codepre  blockquote   pError  number of offsets is 200, should equal 100 number of observationsp blockquote  pI want to use codepolycode as a convenient interface to run iterations with a high number of fixed coefficients or order values, rather than having to manually code codeoffset8  4x  2Ix2 code for each ordercoefficient combination. p  hr  pP.S strongFurther but not essential informationstrong This is to go inside an MCMC routine. So an example usage would be to generate and then compare codemodelcurrentcode to codemodelnextcode in the below codep  precodelibraryMASS coeffscurrent lt c8, 4, 2 modelcurrent lt lmy  0  offsetpolyx, order2, raw  TRUE, coefs coeffscurrent  cov lt diagrep1,3 coeffsnext lt mvrnorm1, mu  as.numericcoeffscurrent ,                        Sigma  cov   modelnext lt lmy  0  offsetpolyx, order2, raw  TRUE, coeffsnext  codepre
Negative 3262 pI am a beginner in android studio, i have started creating the app named Hello World but always in the gradle build tab, its shows 2 errors. The errors i face arep  blockquote   pError1 Error retrieving parent for item No resource found that matches the given name Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar.p blockquote  blockquote   pErrorExecution failed for task appprocessDebugResources. com.android.ide.common.process.ProcessException org.gradle.process.internal.ExecException Process command eProgram FilesAndroidsdkbuildtools22.0.1aapt.exe finished with nonzero exit value 1p blockquote  pThis is my build.gradlep  precodeapply plugin com.android.application android      compileSdkVersion 22     buildToolsVersion 22.0.1      defaultConfig          applicationId com.example.android.helloworld         minSdkVersion 15         targetSdkVersion 22         versionCode 1         versionName 1.0          buildTypes          release              minifyEnabled false             proguardFiles getDefaultProguardFileproguardandroid.txt, proguardrules.pro                dependencies   codepre  pWhat should i do now to run my program without errors, please help me........p
Negative 3262 pThe following code in main does a great job of catching UncaughtExceptions  at least until iOS 8, that is. p  pre classlangc prettyprintoverridecodeint mainint argc, char  argv[]      try          autoreleasepool              return UIApplicationMainargc, argv, nil, NSStringFromClass[MyAppDelegate class]                   catch NSException exception          [[MyExceptionHandler sharedInstance] handleExceptionexception]       codepre  pRunning the same code on an iOS 7 device, any uncaught exceptions are handled by the catch block in main. However in iOS 8 it is not caught at all. p  pIf I place this code p  precodevoid onUncaughtExceptionNSException exception      [[MyExceptionHandler sharedInstance] handleExceptionexception]    BOOLapplicationUIApplication application didFinishLaunchingWithOptionsNSDictionary launchOptions    ....   NSSetUncaughtExceptionHandleramponUncaughtException  codepre  pin my AppDelegate, I can catch all exceptions as expected. I am just wondering whats the reason for the catchinmainapproach to have stopped working in iOS 8 or is it perhaps related to 64bit supportp  pRegards, p  pChristian p
Negative 3262 pI have an elasticsearch index that includes an attachment using the Attachment Type plugin. I want to perform a partial update on the document using the updatedocumentattributes method which appears to work well except following the update its no longer possible to search against the attachment. p  pHas anyone else had this experience and possibly a solution to thisp  pThank you in advance.p
Negative 3262 precodeimport java.sql.Connection import java.sql.DriverManager  public class ConnectionExample    public static void mainString args[]      try        Class.forNamesun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcDriver      catch Exception e        System.out.printlnJDBCODBC driver failed to load.       return           try        Connection con  DriverManager.getConnectionjdbcodbcabcdefg, ,        con.close      catch Exception e        System.out.printlne          codepre  pThis code always printsp  blockquote   pcodeJDBCODBC driver failed to load.codep blockquote  pI cant understand what the problem is.. I follow these stepsp  pgo to codecwindowssysWOW64odbcad32.execodep  pcodesystem dsn tab  addcode  codeMicrosoft Excel Driver xls, xlsx, xlsm, xlsbcodep  pgive Data Source Name abcdefgp  pcodeSelect Workbookcode  codego to myFile excel path and add it gt OKcodep  pand then run my code... where is the mistakep
Negative 3262 pSo Im trying to pass a freemarker variable value item.uid on the click of a link in order to launch a modal with the same unique id value. p  pAlthough my functions can access the value of codeuidcode, when I run codebody.appenddiv.disclaimer  outerVar.removecode the codeouterVarcode shows codeundefinedcode.p  pstrongJavaScriptstrongp  precodevar outerVar  uid body.appenddiv.disclaimer  outerVar.remove  function showDisclaimeruid      var x  uid     div.disclaimer  x.show   function closeDisclaimeruid      var x  uid      Clear the form and close the modal     div.disclaimer  x.hide  codepre  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodelta onclickshowModalitem.uidgtCall Functionltagt ltdiv classmodalitem.uid styledisplaynonegt     ltdiv classcontentgt         Test Content Here     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 3262 pIm using DataTexture to load Uint8Array Image a hrefhttps000.tinyupload.comindex.phpfileid94469549176842174266 relnofollowdownload linka, here my codep  precodevar map  new THREE.DataTexture data, 128, 128, THREE.RGBFormat  map.needsUpdate  true material.needsUpdate  true material.map  map  codepre  pBut texture is black and receive these errorp  pIn Firefoxp  precodeError WebGL texImage2D not enough data for operation need 49152, have 5210 Error WebGL generateMipmap Level zero of texture is not defined. codepre  pIn Chrome p  precodeWebGL INVALIDOPERATION texImage2D ArrayBufferView not big enough for request codepre  pAny advice to get this workingp  pThanks.p  pI have tried to convert Uint8Array Image to Data64 and load to diffuse map ok, but I dont want to use this way because Im trying to hide texture from network tab in Chrome F12, using data64 will show the texture...p
Negative 3262 pPython scipy interpolate error. Codep  precodefrom scipy.interpolate import splrep, splev interpolation imports vertical  42400000, 59000001 vx, vy  zipvertical.items vspl  splrepvx, vy, k1,s0  lateral  41750000, 58390001 lx, ly  ziplateral.items lspl  splreplx, ly, k1,s0 codepre  pThe above snippet works fine. But when I change it to more specific values for examplep  precodefrom scipy.interpolate import splrep, splev interpolation imports vertical  42401230, 59001231 vx, vy  zipvertical.items vspl  splrepvx, vy, k1,s0  lateral  41751230, 58391231 lx, ly  ziplateral.items lspl  splreplx, ly, k1,s0 codepre  pI get the following error.p  precodeTraceback most recent call last  File temp.py, line 24, in ltmodulegt lspl  splreplx, ly, k1,s0 File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesscipyinterpolatefitpack.py, line       465, in splrep  raise iermess[ier][1],iermess[ier][0] ValueError     Error on input data codepre  pAny Ideasp
Negative 3262 pI have a push subscriber in transactional replication and the distributer is the publisher, in this subscriber I configured sql server port on 1433,  and I have a web application which connect to this subscriber database, and I want to use any port but not 1433, Can I configure SQL server to listen to two different ports one will be used in replication which stay 1433 , and the other for web request, and how to do that p  pIn case of a single port, If the default port of sql server1433 is changed this will affect on replication cause subscriber and publisher listening on the same port, is this right p
Negative 3262 pHow do I correctly bind the value codejcode in the example belowp  precodefor j  0 j lt shorts[i1].length j      Container.appendltbutton idbutj1 typebutton onclickfuncthis,jgt values[j]ltbuttongt  codepre
Negative 3262 pThe problem is that only displays the image of the latest posting. Each link should display the image of your post.p  precodejQuerydocument.readyfunction   var link  h2.topictitle gt a.attrhref jQuery.getlink, functiondata      imglink  jQuery.wrap .post .entrycontent div img, data.attrsrc     jQueryh2.topictitle gt a.afterltdiv classverimggtltimg src  imglink   gtltdivgt   codepre  pWhat I want is that he take a picture of each post and put next to the link. However he is repeating the same image to all links.p
Negative 3262 pIm working on a theme product for Plone 3.2.3. My theme product works perfectly on the default Plone installation. However, when I apply it to our existing site all the features of my theme are applied except the modifications to the main template.p  pThe product file structure is based on the paster plone3theme template and the files Ive modified are as followsp  precodemy.theme   my     theme       browser         configure.zcml         templates           siteactions.pt           ...         viewlets.py         viewletmanagers.py       profiles         default           viewlets.xml       skins         mythemecustomtemplates           maintemplate.pt codepre  pAll of the changes I made in the codebrowsercode and codeprofilescode directories are applied including custom templates, but the custom main template is not.p
Negative 3262 pIm having some trouble figuring out how to trace a line from an object that is controller by the player a car, along its own orientation. See the image for a better explanation.p  pcurrently Im just moving the end point of the trace N down in the Z axis, but that all happens in world space, which is not what I desire. I want to trace like in the image below each corner of the box has a socket attached, so I can trace from all points. This socket moves relative to the box itself.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPsHt4.jpg altenter image description herep  pAny help would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 3262 pi have an Dictionary of type int, myclass. in myclass i have following attributes an string, int, and an string array.p  pEvrything works fine when i save the data in dictionary. But i want now to look in the dictionary, if there is an value, in myclass, at the position string array. And filter them. For example every object that Contains in the Array German, should be filtered out. Is there an possibility to do thatp  pmyclassp  precode  public class MYCLASS              public int ID                      get             set                   public string Specialty                      get             set                   public string[] Language                      get             set            public myclassint id, string specialty, string[] language                      this.Language language             this.ID id             this.Specialty  specialty            codepre  pMy Dictionaryp  precodeDictionaryltint, myclassgt objdict new Dictionaryltint, myclassgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI am using chrome extension to fetch data from our website and I do not have any problem navigating with its DOM and clicking buttons until Ive encountered one of our page is using ajax to update its content. The thing that I want to do is to click a certain tab using content script,the page is updated and its DOM changes using ajax request and my data is available for fetch. However,when I do clicking of the tabs of that page behind the scene where that page is not set as the active tab,it doesnt update the DOM of page. The problem with this is that, the data that I want to fetch is available on the supposed to be updated DOM of the page after clicking the tab. It gives me an error that the element that I am selecting is undefined, since the DOM is not updated behind the scene. Anyone has any idea about this Ive tried to navigate on the source file of the page and make the ajax request that is being done when the tab is click on my chrome extension, but it fails. Any work arounds is greatly appreciated thanks.p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to create an application that uses a lot of different OAuth clients, like Facebook, Google, Microsoft Azure, Outlook, Pocket, Windows Live, and Yahoo. I dont want to manually create strategies for each of these providers. Is there some sort of gem which will allow me to easily create or use strategies for OAuth providers like thesep
Negative 3262 pI cant stop the Systems Navigation Bar from covering up my contentp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7XxMD.png altenter image description herep  pI am scrolled to the very bottom of the recyclerview but its getting hidden behind the navigation bar. Here is my XML layout.p  precodeltandroid.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnsapphttpschemas.android.comapkresauto androidididroot androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidfitsSystemWindowstruegt  ltandroid.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout     androidididappbar     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidthemestyleThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBargt      ltinclude layoutlayouttoolbargt      ltandroid.support.design.widget.TabLayout         androidididtabs         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent gt  ltandroid.support.design.widget.AppBarLayoutgt  ltandroid.support.v4.view.ViewPager     androidfitsSystemWindowstrue     androidididviewpager     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     applayoutbehaviorstringappbarscrollingviewbehavior gt  ltcom.melnykov.fab.FloatingActionButton     androidididfab     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutgravitybottomright     androidlayoutmargin16dp     appfabcolorNormalcoloraccent     appfabcolorPressedcoloraccentdark gt codepre  pp  pHere is the fragments layout which you are seeing in the picture.p  precodeltFrameLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidorientationvertical androidpadding8dpgt  ltandroid.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView     androidididrecyclerView     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidscrollbarsverticalgt  ltFrameLayoutgt codepre  pIve tried adding androidfitsSystemWindowstrue into every piece of layout I could but that did not work. Other threads mention adding margin calculated from the bar, but that doesnt seem like the proper solution. I grabbed this layout directly from Googles CheesSquare app demoing the appbarlayout, and that one looks like its working fine.p
Negative 3262 pI have Queue A. I have used this in one of my message flow which is up and running. I want to know the number of message dropped in to the queue A on particular day or time interval.p  pKindly help me in finding out this.p
Negative 3262 pAfter following instructions found herep  pa hrefhttpelinux.orgBeagleboardMicroSDAsExtraStorage relnofollowhttpelinux.orgBeagleboardMicroSDAsExtraStorageap  pand herep  pa hrefhttpelectronicsembedded.blogspot.com201410beagleboneblackusingsdcardasextra.htmlshowComment1434418179676c2761158033046523777 relnofollowhttpelectronicsembedded.blogspot.com201410beagleboneblackusingsdcardasextra.htmlshowComment1434418179676c2761158033046523777ap  pI am still having trouble. I use the code it says to use and followed the instructions, I get 3 solid LED on the board upon load up with the SD inserted, and Windows 7 doesnt detect it at all.p  pThe board works fine without the SD inserted, I can boot up and login via SSH and it is detected by Windows.p  pThe code for my uEnv.txt is as followsp  precodemmcdev1 bootpart12 mmcrootdevmmcblk1p2 ro optargsquiet codepre  pand I also added to the fstab filep  precodedevmmcblk0p1    mediacard     auto     auto,rw,async,user,nofail  0  0 codepre  pSome results from checking the filesystem, my drive is called BBBExt. This is after booting without the SD in it, and then putting it in after bootupp  precoderootbeaglebone df h Filesystem      Size  Used Avail Use Mounted on rootfs          3.5G  1.8G  1.5G  55  devroot       3.5G  1.8G  1.5G  55  devtmpfs        250M     0  250M   0 dev tmpfs           250M  4.0K  250M   1 devshm tmpfs           250M  248K  250M   1 run tmpfs           250M     0  250M   0 sysfscgroup tmpfs           250M  4.0K  250M   1 tmp devmmcblk0p1   70M   54M   16M  78 mediacard devmmcblk1p1   15G   16K   15G   1 mediaBBBExt codepre  pHere is more details on the fdiskp  precoderootbeaglebone fdisk l  Disk devmmcblk0 3867 MB, 3867148288 bytes, 7553024 sectors Units  sectors of 1  512  512 bytes Sector size logicalphysical 512 bytes  512 bytes IO size minimumoptimal 512 bytes  512 bytes Disk label type dos Disk identifier 0x00000000          Device Boot      Start         End      Blocks   Id  System devmmcblk0p1             63      144584       72261    c  W95 FAT32 LBA devmmcblk0p2          144585     7550549     3702982  83  Linux  Disk devmmcblk0boot1 2 MB, 2097152 bytes, 4096 sectors Units  sectors of 1  512  512 bytes Sector size logicalphysical 512 bytes  512 bytes IO size minimumoptimal 512 bytes  512 bytes   Disk devmmcblk0boot0 2 MB, 2097152 bytes, 4096 sectors Units  sectors of 1  512  512 bytes Sector size logicalphysical 512 bytes  512 bytes IO size minimumoptimal 512 bytes  512 bytes   Disk devmmcblk1 15.9 GB, 15931539456 bytes, 31116288 sectors Units  sectors of 1  512  512 bytes Sector size logicalphysical 512 bytes  512 bytes IO size minimumoptimal 512 bytes  512 bytes Disk label type dos Disk identifier 0x00000000          Device Boot      Start         End      Blocks   Id  System devmmcblk1p1            2048    31115263    15556608    c  W95 FAT32 LBA codepre  pAny help would be appreciated. I figured since this is Linux related that the question is applicable to SO, if its better off in SE plz let me know.p
Negative 3262 pHi I Have 10 columns in codeTableLayoutcode. codeTableLayoutcode having horizontal codeScrollBarcode. Currently only three columns is visible to the user. Once the user swiped right the 4th and 5th column comes to visible. How to get the current visible item of codeTableLayoutcode. p  pI have dot needs to be highlighted to find the current visible columns.p  pAnd also by selecting the particular dot to go to make it visible of that column. p  pPlease help me to do this. p  pThanks in advance. p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to make a codeListltbytegtcode from a file that contains string Hexadecimal . the definition is  p  precodeListltbytegt myArray  new Listltbytegt codepre  pif I want to add my information directly I use something like this p  precode  myArray.Add0xb8 codepre  pNote  Without any quotation or doublequotation .p  pThe problem is when I want to do the same thing from file Now I want to know what code0xb8codes type is so I use the following code p  precode0xc3.GetType.ToString codepre  pthe result is        System.Int32   p  pbut when I read strings from a file and use code like this , it give me the following error .p  pcode p  precode Line  0xb8 myArray.AddConvert.ToInt32Line codepre  pError  p  precodeArgument 1 cannot convert from int to byte codepre  pand its clear . because the only overload of codemyArraycode gets only a codebytecodeas argumant. What makes thing so complicated for me is why it doesnt give me any error when I add a codeInt32code to codemyArraycode in codemyArray.Add0xb8code .p  pI think it should be a form of byte  maybe p  pWhy doesnt it give any errors and how can accomplish this scenario I mean add byte from string to myArray  p
Negative 3262 pI am using this line to return a value, but instead its getting a Truep  precodevar valor  valoresCampoAdicionalesEmpresa.Selectp gt p.Key  propiedad.Nombre.First codepre  pThis the view data passes from the controller                          p  pvar valoresCampoAdicionalesEmpresa  DictionaryViewData[ValoresCampoAdicionalesEmpresa]p  precodepublic ActionResult Editint id                      var listFields  from b in db.Propiedades                              where b.Entidad.Nombre  Empresa                              select b             ViewData[CamposAdicionalesEmpresa]  listFields.ToListltPropiedadgt              if id  null                              return new HttpStatusCodeResultHttpStatusCode.BadRequest                          Empresa empresa  db.Empresas.Findid             if empresa.PropiedadesExtra  null                              XElement xmlTree  XElement.Parseempresa.PropiedadesExtra                 Dictionaryltstring, stringgt dict  new Dictionaryltstring, stringgt                 foreach var el in xmlTree.Elements                                      dict.Addel.Name.LocalName, el.Value                                   ViewData[ValoresCampoAdicionalesEmpresa]  dict                           if empresa  null                              return HttpNotFound                          return Viewempresa          codepre
Negative 3262 pI am learning Shiny by developing a strongshiny appstrong which creates a report on chosen csv file.  I was able to output dataFrame head and summary. However, I stuck with saving a str representation of df, as strongstrstrong function returns NULL, printing stuff to console instead. p  pIs there any workaround to save str to variable for the purpose of representing it in the shiny appp
Negative 3262 pI am experiencing elements transition misbehaviour into my page, IE11 onlyp  pThe fullscreen revolution slider, remain in place doesnt move with the codewrappercode when the left slider is opening clicking on info button like we have in ChromeFirefox. Thanks to afelixj, Ive tried to use a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma309628454642215this css hacka for IE in order to apply the tansition effect to the fullscreen slider too, adding code.fullscreencontainercode but without result.p  precodemedia screen and mshighcontrast active, mshighcontrast none    .header, barleft, .fullscreencontainer       left 0       transition all .5s      .shiftnavopen .header, .shiftnavopen barleft, .shiftnavopen .fullscreencontainer      left590px     codepre  pFor comparation, please open this page in IE11 and Chrome and openclose the left slider using the info button.Live link a hrefhttpgoo.glIU1SXV relnofollowhereap  pOther non fullscreen rev sliders pages work fine using the left slider openclose in IE11Chrome. live link a hrefhttpgoo.glgWM6mi relnofollowherea. Any thoughtsp  pLE also Ive tried to aaply to the codewrappercode or code.shiftnavwrappercodep  precodemedia screen and mshighcontrast active, mshighcontrast none    wrapper       left 0       transition all .5s      .shiftnavopen wrapper      left590px     codepre  pIn this second test, the result looks ok in fullscreen rev slider pages but if I open a nonfullscreen rev slider page, the content will be shifted with 590px over 590px. when the left slider is open.p
Negative 3262 pI have this bindingp  precodedatabindcss imageClass codepre  pviewmodelp  precodeimageClass ko.observablebgimage0 codepre  pcssp  precode.bgimage0 backgroundimageurlcontentimagesimage0.jpg  .bgimage1 backgroundimageurlcontentimagesimage1.jpg  .bgimage2 backgroundimageurlcontentimagesimage2.jpg codepre  pI would like the class to change every 3 seconds, so it shows image 0,1,2, 0,1,2 etc.p  pHow do I do thatp
Negative 3262 pI am creating LineChart in a userform by reading the guide from this website a hrefhttpwww.jwalk.comssexceltipstip66.htm relnofollowhttpwww.jwalk.comssexceltipstip66.htmap  precodeDim ChartNum As Integer Dim CurrentChart As String Dim Fname As String   Private Sub UpdateChart     Set CurrentChart  SheetsCharts.ChartObjects1.Chart     CurrentChart.Parent.width  300     CurrentChart.Parent.height  150     Save chart as GIF     Fname  ThisWorkbook.Path amp Application.PathSeparator amp temp.gif     CurrentChart.Export FileNameFname, FilterNameGIF       Image1.Picture  LoadPictureFname End Sub codepre  pI also have assign the 3 variables at top. I have the data for the chart in Sheet1 and the Chart in the Charts sheet. But now im stuck to update the chart. When i click the Commandbutton to update the chart, it says like thisp  precodeCompile Error  Object Required codepre  pAnd the error points to the CurrentChartp  precode Set CurrentChart  SheetsCharts.ChartObjects1.Chart codepre  pI expect to update the chart everytime the user clicks the command button. Any idea how to solve this Thank you so much for your helpp
Negative 3262 pIve done a bit of research into HttpHandlers and HttpModules and Im not clear on the best way to implement this to my specifications.p  pMy issue is that the StaticFile handler handles all urls with extensions and will return a default IIS 404 page instead of visiting the codeNotFoundcode action of my codeErrorsControllercode. I want to use MVC to handle all 404s because of the benefits of using .cshtml pages over .html pages along with the fact that I perform logging and of all 404 responses and the pages contain some dynamic content.p  pI dont want to enable codeltmodules runAllManagedModulesForAllRequeststruegtcode because of the performance impact it causes and because it seems like the wrong way to do this.p  pIs it plausible to create an HttpModule and have it check for the existence of the requested file and, if not found, send the request to the managed pipeline and eventually to my codeErrorsControllercode to handle the requestp
Negative 3262 pHello i want to use Jquery ajaxp  precodeecho document.readyfunction            submit.clickfunction                 var n  n.val                    jQuery.ajax                     type GET,                     url function.php,                     data nn,                     success functionresults                                              alertn                                                                                codepre  pbut never it shows the alertnp  pCan you help mep  hr  pEdit I try to do it with only js but dont work too.. here is it.p  precodeltscriptgt   var n  n.val    document.readyfunction      submit.clickfunction       var n  n.val        .ajax         type GET,         data n  n,         url function.php,         success function results              alertresults             alertsome                         ltscriptgt  ltform action methodpostgt   ltselect namen  idngt     ltoption valueLusianagtLusianaltoptiongt   ltselectgt   ltinput idsubmit namesubmit typesubmit valueGogt ltformgt codepre  pIm using this code  a hrefhttpsgithub.compapalevskijQuerySlidertreemasterjQuerySlider relnofollowhttpsgithub.compapalevskijQuerySlidertreemasterjQuerySliderap  pthe php isp  precodeltphp   n   issetGET[n]  GET[n]     echo n gt codepre
Negative 3262 pI have this data frame in R, where the sum column is the sum of V1 and V2, what I would like to do is use the mutate function in dplyr to create a new column V4 that takes the MIN value between V1 and V2 and divides it by the sum.        p  precode   V1 V2 sum    1  2  3  5   2  2  4  6    3  1  4  5   4  5  3  8    5  5  3  8    6  3  2  5    codepre  pthis is what I would like it to look like in the endp  precode  V1 V2 sum V4   1  2  3  5  .4 2  2  4  6  .33 3  1  4  5  .2 4  5  3  8  .375 5  5  3  8  .375 6  3  2  5  .4  codepre  pOr if you know another easier way that would be greatly appreciated. Thank youp
Negative 3262 pI got this error in the console java.lang.IllegalArgumentException Could not resolve placeholder Torg.springframework.integration.context.IntegrationContextUtils.getIntegrationPropertiesbeanFactory.getPropertyspring.integraton.channels.autoCreate in string value Torg.springframework.integration.context.IntegrationContextUtils.getIntegrationPropertiesbeanFactory.getPropertyspring.integraton.channels.autoCreatep  pusing spring integration 4.1.5.RELEASEp  precodeltintchannel idmailChannelgt  ltintmailinboundchanneladapter idemailReceiverAdapter                                   storeuriimapsusernamepasswordimap.mail.yahoo.com993inbox                                   channelreceiveChannel                                   autostartuptrue                                   shoulddeletemessagesfalse                                   shouldmarkmessagesasreadfalse                                   javamailpropertiesjavaMailProperties                                   maxfetchsize1gt     ltintpoller maxmessagesperpoll1 fixedrate10000gt ltintmailinboundchanneladaptergt  ltbean idmailReceiver classcom.company.email.EmailReceivergt  ltintserviceactivator inputchannelreceiveChannel refmailReceiver methodprocessgt  ltutilproperties idjavaMailPropertiesgt     ltprop keymail.imap.socketFactory.classgtjavax.net.ssl.SSLSocketFactoryltpropgt     ltprop keymail.imap.socketFactory.fallbackgtfalseltpropgt     ltprop keymail.store.protocolgtimapltpropgt     ltprop keymail.debuggtfalseltpropgt ltutilpropertiesgt codepre  pin the test everything runs ok, but when I start the app, I got error above.p
Negative 3262 pI have installed sentora today on new CentOS 6 VPS. br I have migrated from cpanel . and looking to set crons jobs here wrt to cpanel.p  pCpanel Syntax for my cronsbr 1brp  precodeusrbincurl silent httpwww.domain.comfilename.phppwd11111 2 gt devnull codepre  pwhere  pwd11111  is password set for that cron file to be run only from script.br 2brp  precodeusrbincurl silent httpwww.domain.comfilename.php 2 gt devnull codepre  pThis is the syntax of all cron in cpanel.p  pI am writing these lines in sentora to set up crons. But every time I receive this error.p  pError Your script does not appear to exist at that location.p  pMy crons for sentora.p  pthis one does not workp  precodeusrbincurl silent SiteDirfilename.php  2 gt devnull codepre  pThis one worksp  precodeSiteDirfilename.php codepre  pAs per sentora documentationbr strongexample foldertask.php br Note 1  Script path is relative to your sentorauser root directorybr   varsentorahostdatazadminpublichtml br Note 2  Each file access in your script must use absolute directory path as above.strongp  pI dont know how to set up crons for password protected files. I need to confirm this before moving my website to new server. And there is no other way to confirm the working of cron but after site migration.p  pKindly extend you support on this issuep  pI know A lots of users will be facing the same issue who has migrated from cpanel.p
Negative 3262 pI want to install SimpleSAMLphp in windows ApacheXampp. Let me tell you what did so far 1. I have downloaded latest stable version from a hrefhttpssimplesamlphp.orgdownload relnofollowhttpssimplesamlphp.orgdownloada and placed the unzipped file in Apache folder, i.e. CApache24simplesamlphp directory contains composer.json. I have downloaded dependencies as well. 2. Now when I am going to setup the vhost as shows in the site 6. Configuring Apache section as p  precodeltVirtualHost 80gt         ServerName localhost         DocumentRoot CApache24htdocs ltVirtualHostgt  ltVirtualHost 80gt         ServerName service.example.com         DocumentRoot CApache24service.example.com          Alias simplesaml CApache24simplesamlphpwww ltVirtualHostgt codepre  ol start3 liChanged the config file.li ol  pNow the problem I am unable to open the Alias in browser. And running httpd.exe in browser shows error about the example.com does not exist.p  pNeed help if anyone have setup SimpleSAMLphp in Windows, please share your steps and vhosting configurations. It would help I think lot of peoples.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pLineBasicMaterial does not support MorphTargets. Is there a way to animate a large object constructed of lines, so that I could provide the vertices for each frame This can be done for other materials by filling in Geometry.morphTargets and then modifying Mesh.morphTargetInfluences, but this does not work with lines.p
Negative 3262 pI am working on a project. I am using symfony2 with xampp with PHP version of 5.5.19 . Everything works fine , until I realize that I need to change my database tables so it will be normalize. And so, I do it but then when I update the entities it works fine . But then I am also using FOSUserBundle. p  pI have two bundles p  precodeMatrixBundle UserBundle codepre  pMatrixBundle is already updated since it came from my database  but I have difficulty on how I can I update the UserBundle since it is extending the FOSUserBundle . How can I do it Do I still need to update itp  pThis are the things I tried ,when I update my bundles p  blockquote   ol   lipI change the database configuration since I also renamed my database pli   lipI run this in cmd php appconsole doctrinemappingimport   force MatrixBundle xml ,both of the bundlepli   lipphp appconsole doctrinegenerateentities MatrixBundlepli   ol blockquote  pAfter doing this , I clear my cache ,then I tried to run my application  it gives me this error .p  precodeAuthentication request could not be processed due to a system problem. codepre  pWhat could be the problem Any help is appreciated. p
Negative 3262 pwhy do everytime i success ajax request, the output will execute for each of my php while i just want one of them which has uniq strongidcartstrong execute. p  pHTML p  precodeltulgt ltphp while  gt     ltli classchangeweightgt         ltformgt             ltselect namechangeq classltphp echo datacart[idcart] gtgt                   ltoption value1gt1ltoptiongt                   ltoption value2gt2ltoptiongt                   ltoption value3gt3ltoptiongt             ltselectgt         ltformgt     ltligt ltphp  gt ltulgt codepre  pAJax p  precodeselect[namechangeq].changefunction      var selectq  this.val     var selectidcart  this.attrclass         .ajax             context   this,             type      GET,             url       ajaxchangequantity.php,             dataType  json,             data      idcart  selectidcart, q  selectq,             success   functionchangeq                  li.changeweight.hide.htmlchangeq.totalweight.fadeInslow                            codepre  pchangequantity.php p  precodeltphp q  GET[q] idcart  GET[idcart]      mysqliqueryconnect,UPDATE cart SET quantity  q WHERE idcart  idcart       cart  mysqliqueryconnect,SELECT  FROM cart WHERE idcart  idcart         datacart  mysqlifetchassoccart          product  mysqliqueryconnect,SELECT  FROM product WHERE idproduct  datacart[idproduct]             dataproduct  mysqlifetchassocproduct  totalweight  datacart[quantity]  dataproduct[weight]  echo jsonencodearraytotalweight gt totalweight gt codepre  peverything works good, the data store on my database, but the problem was ajax success will do for every php while li.changeweight.p  pwhats wrong herep  pthanks you so much.p
Negative 3262 pWhile I do own an iPad, developing for it requires me to deploy my app and then visiting it on the device, since I cant access the localhost. There has to be a better way, but googling it has turned up nothing, only links to how to turn your web app into a phone app.p  pThere has to be a better way, but howp
Negative 3262 pI am using the ol.interaction.Draw method to draw a polygon on a map.  p  pI dont want the user to be able to draw a polygon that is too big, or that intersects itself, so when either of those conditions are met which I have already written code to determine, I want the lines of my polygon to change from the default blue color to red so that the user knows their polygon is not acceptable.  p  pI know how to set the style originally for the Draw functionality, but cant figure out getting the style to dynamically change strongon the flystrong, while the user is still drawing. p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated.  Thanksp
Negative 3262 pI wrote a c console application that iterates over a folder of Visio 2010 files and makes some modifications on the shapes custom properties in each document. I noticed that for some of the files the save line failsp  precodeapp.ActiveDocument.Save codepre  pthis results with a vague exception An exception occurred. when I quit the application using app.Quit function, each document that failed the saving is prompted with a save dialog box. needless to say, manually saving the files using the dialog box is not an option for me as I am iterating over thousand of files.  If I manually reduce the document size by deleting some of the shapes  the save operations succeeds. p  pPlease advise, Ilanp
Negative 3262 pI am having trouble in Google App Engine using Guzzle PHP calling to a hrefhttpsapi.mercadolibre.comsitesMLMcategoriesall relnofollowhttpsapi.mercadolibre.comsitesMLMcategoriesallap  pexception GuzzleHttpExceptionCurlException with message [curl] 6 Couldnt resolve host api.mercadolibre.com [url] a hrefhttpsapi.mercadolibre.comsitesMLMcategoriesall relnofollowhttpsapi.mercadolibre.comsitesMLMcategoriesalla in basedatahomeappssstarryjournal995141.385597037367626041vendorguzzleguzzlesrcGuzzleHttpCurlCurlMulti.php359p  pAny suggestionsp
Negative 3262 pFor a project Im using codeInputStreamcode as response body for Ring. This works great, however, the server does not respond to any additional requests when it is streaming a single response.p  pFor example, when I start five concurrent requests only the first one starts. Then the next, and so on.p  pThis is a simplified version of my code. Im using codecljhttpcode to get an input stream of a Wikipedia image and pass it directly to the response. p  precodens streaming.server   require [ring.adapter.jetty refer [runjetty]]             [cljhttp.client as client]  defn app [request]   let [largeimageurl httpsupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommons33dLARGEelevation.jpg]     clientget largeimageurl as stream  defn main [amp args]   runjetty app port 3000 join false codepre  pIs this expected behaviour What am I doing wrongp
Negative 3262 pError Message p  pInformation 0x4004300A at Testing1, SSIS.Pipeline Validation phase is beginning.p  pWarning 0x80047076 at Testing1, SSIS.Pipeline The output column [Measures].[Distinct Count] 18 on output OLE DB Source Output 13 and component PIPELINE CUBE 2 is not subsequently used in the Data Flow task. Removing this unused output column can increase Data Flow task performance.p  pInformation 0x40043006 at Testing1, SSIS.Pipeline Prepare for Execute phase is beginning.p  pInformation 0x40043007 at Testing1, SSIS.Pipeline PreExecute phase is beginning.p  pError 0xC0202009 at Testing1, PIPELINE CUBE [2] SSIS Error Code DTSEOLEDBERROR.  An OLE DB error has occurred.p  pError code 0x80040E05. An OLE DB record is available.  Source Microsoft OLE DB Provider for SQL Server 2014 Analysis Services.  Hresult 0x00000001  Description Error Code  0x80040E05, External Code  0x00000000.. Error 0xC004701A at Testing1, SSIS.Pipeline PIPELINE CUBE failed the preexecute phase and returned error code 0xC0202009.p  pInformation 0x4004300B at Testing1, SSIS.Pipeline DB TEMP wrote 0 rows.p  pInformation 0x40043009 at Testing1, SSIS.Pipeline Cleanup phase is beginning. Task failed Testing1p  pMy environmentp  ul liSQL Server Data Tools for Visual Studio 2013li liSQL Server 2014li liWindows Server 2012li ul  pAny clue why i am getting this error  knowing that it used to be working successfullyp
Negative 3262 pI was trying to solve a problem in which I should sort increasingly array of numbers, than take first k numbers from sorted array and eliminate those numbers that are repeating and write them on the output.p  pThis is my codep  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt  using namespace std  int main  int n, k cin gtgt n gtgt k int tab[n] for int i  0 i lt n i taking n numbers from input      cin gtgt tab[i]                int j, element for int i  1 i lt n i i am using insertion sort      j  0     while tab[j] lt tab[i]           j     element  tab[i]     forint k  i  1 k gt j k             tab[k  1]  tab[k]     tab[j]  element    for int i  0 i lt k i writing k smallest numbers without repetitions      if tab[i]  tab[i  1]        continue     cout ltlt tab[i] ltltn      cin gtgt n return 0  codepre  pgenerally it works and it gives expected output, however when I am uploading this problem to check its correctness i found this problem on polish site, it says wrong anwser. I cannot see any errors here, maybe you will see something which I wrote bad.p
Negative 3262 pstrongRevised Questionstrongp  pWhen one looks online in tutorials, or by Google IO presentations, there are always just 2 kinds of UI customizations that one can do but there are a hrefhttplucasr.org20140512customlayoutsonandroid relnofollowseveral implementations of doing each typea. These customizations arep  ol liCreating a custom view that is a composite of existing views, or your ownli liCreating a custom layout that is your ownli ol  pHowever, what if I wanted to create a hybrid of these two Specifically a Custom View that allow child views to be laid out how I define There is nothing that I have found online no tutorials, no videos or even anything saying if this is even feasible.p  h2Ideah2  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIve4Z.jpg altenter image description herep  pHere is the codeContacts Appcode that has something very similar to what I want to do. You notice that every list item has a very similar layout. Nothing special here. I can create codecomposite custom viewcode with codestyleablescode to set the primary and secondary text, and the main and action icons. p  pHowever, my secret sauce comes with the idea of changing the primary text the blackedout region to some other view in XML This view could be a codeTextViewcode, codeRatingBarcode, codeProgressBarcode, codeVideoViewcode, codeSurfaceViewcode, etc...p  h1Examplesh1  h2TextViewh2  pHere is an example of using my custom view that takes in a codedeveloperdefinedcode codeTextViewcode.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOH3ZF.png altenter image description herep  precodeltcom.example.customview.BaseViewLayout      ...     customimageMainIcon...     customimageActionIcon...     customsecondaryTextHomegt      ltTextView         ...         androidtextUserdefined TextView         ... gt  ltcom.example.customview.BaseViewLayoutgt codepre  h2VideoViewh2  pHere is an example of using my same custom view that takes in a codedeveloperdefinedcode codeVideoViewcode.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0Gdzu.png altenter image description herep  precodeltcom.example.customview.BaseViewLayout      ...     customimageMainIcon...     customimageActionIcon...     customsecondaryTextHomegt      ltVideoView         ... gt  ltcom.example.customview.BaseViewLayoutgt codepre  h2Codeh2  h2BaseCustomLayouth2  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidididdetaillistitem     androidlayoutwidth450dp     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutgravitycenterhorizontal     androidminHeight72dp     androidbackgroundcolormaterialbluegrey800 gt      ltImageView         androidlayoutwidth24dp         androidlayoutheight24dp         androidlayoutmarginLeft24dp         androidlayoutmarginRight24dp         androidlayoutmarginTop24dp         androidlayoutmarginBottom24dp         androidsrcdrawableicnotavailablewhite         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutalignParentStarttrue         androidididimageView gt      ltLinearLayout         androidorientationvertical         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutmarginLeft72dp         androidlayoutmarginStart72dp          androidlayoutmarginRight72dp         androidlayoutmarginEnd72dp         androidpaddingTop16dp         androidpaddingBottom16dp          androidlayouttoRightOfidimageView         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutalignParentStarttruegt           ltViewStub             androidlayoutheight20dp             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidididviewstubmainview             androidinflatedIdidinflatedmainview gt          ltLinearLayout             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheight20dp             androidpaddingTop4dpgt               ltTextView                 androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                 androidlayoutheight16dp                 androidtextItem Typegt               ltTextView                 androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                 androidlayoutheight16dp                 androidtextStylebold                 androidtext    gt              ltTextView                 androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent                 androidlayoutheight16dp                  androidtextExtragt          ltLinearLayoutgt      ltLinearLayoutgt      ltImageView         androidlayoutwidth40dp         androidlayoutheight40dp         androidsrcdrawableicnotavailablewhite         androidlayoutmarginRight16dp         androidlayoutmarginEnd16dp         androidlayoutmarginTop16dp         androidlayoutmarginBottom16dp         androidpadding8dp         androidlayoutalignParentEndtrue         androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue         androidididimageView2 gt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pstrongSo, how does a person go about developing a custom view like thisstrongp
Negative 3262 pHi all I was hoping youd help me. p  pI have a form, mainForm.h, with a listboxamong other things. Id like to add an item to the listbox from another file. I declared the CListbox but dont know what to use inside the GetDlgItememIn Hereem because I dont know my listboxs ID.  Heres how I initialized it the listbox in the other CPP file to call actionLogBoxp  precodeclistBox actionLogBox  dynamiccastltCListBoxgtGetDlgItemNo IDea what to put here codepre  pHere is my mainForm.h with the listbox called actionLogBoxp  precodepragma once  include stdafx.h  include addBase.h  include serial.h include basestation.h  namespace WCM       using namespace System     using namespace SystemComponentModel     using namespace SystemCollections     using namespace SystemWindowsForms     using namespace SystemData     using namespace SystemDrawing       ltsummarygt      Summary for mainForm      ltsummarygt     public ref class mainForm  public SystemWindowsFormsForm          public         mainFormvoid                      InitializeComponent                          TODO Add the constructor code here                            protected          ltsummarygt          Clean up any resources being used.          ltsummarygt         mainForm                      if components                              delete components                           private SystemWindowsFormsMenuStrip  menuStrip1     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  fileMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  expDataDirMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  uploadDataMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  exitMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  editMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  prefMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  helpMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  aboutMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStrip  toolStrip1     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripDropDownButton  addBaseButton     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  scanPortsMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  addBaseMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripDropDownButton  addNodesButton     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  nodeDiscMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem  addNodeMenuItem     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripSeparator  toolStripSeparator1     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripButton  nodesInfoButton     private SystemWindowsFormsToolStripButton  nodesConfigButton     private SystemWindowsFormsGroupBox  bottomBox     private SystemWindowsFormsListBox  actionLogBox     private SystemWindowsFormsListBox  baseStationBox     private SystemWindowsFormsGroupBox  sideBox     protected      private          ltsummarygt          Required designer variable.          ltsummarygt         SystemComponentModelContainer components      pragma region Windows Form Designer generated code          ltsummarygt          Required method for Designer support  do not modify          the contents of this method with the code editor.          ltsummarygt         void InitializeComponentvoid                      SystemComponentModelComponentResourceManager  resources  gcnew SystemComponentModelComponentResourceManagermainFormtypeid             thisgtmenuStrip1  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsMenuStrip             thisgtfileMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgtexpDataDirMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgtuploadDataMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgtexitMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgteditMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgtprefMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgthelpMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgtaboutMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgttoolStrip1  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStrip             thisgtaddBaseButton  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripDropDownButton             thisgtscanPortsMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgtaddBaseMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgtaddNodesButton  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripDropDownButton             thisgtnodeDiscMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgtaddNodeMenuItem  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripMenuItem             thisgttoolStripSeparator1  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripSeparator             thisgtnodesInfoButton  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripButton             thisgtnodesConfigButton  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsToolStripButton             thisgtbottomBox  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsGroupBox             thisgtactionLogBox  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsListBox             thisgtbaseStationBox  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsListBox             thisgtsideBox  gcnew SystemWindowsFormsGroupBox             thisgtmenuStrip1gtSuspendLayout             thisgttoolStrip1gtSuspendLayout             thisgtbottomBoxgtSuspendLayout             thisgtsideBoxgtSuspendLayout             thisgtSuspendLayout                            menuStrip1                           thisgtmenuStrip1gtItemsgtAddRangegcnew cliarraylt SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItem  gt3                  thisgtfileMenuItem, thisgteditMenuItem,                     thisgthelpMenuItem                          thisgtmenuStrip1gtLocation  SystemDrawingPoint0, 0             thisgtmenuStrip1gtName  LmenuStrip1             thisgtmenuStrip1gtSize  SystemDrawingSize638, 24             thisgtmenuStrip1gtTabIndex  0             thisgtmenuStrip1gtText  LmenuStrip1                            fileMenuItem                           thisgtfileMenuItemgtDropDownItemsgtAddRangegcnew cliarraylt SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItem  gt3                  thisgtexpDataDirMenuItem,                     thisgtuploadDataMenuItem, thisgtexitMenuItem                          thisgtfileMenuItemgtName  LfileMenuItem             thisgtfileMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize37, 20             thisgtfileMenuItemgtText  LFile                            expDataDirMenuItem                           thisgtexpDataDirMenuItemgtName  LexpDataDirMenuItem             thisgtexpDataDirMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize190, 22             thisgtexpDataDirMenuItemgtText  LExplore Data Directory                            uploadDataMenuItem                           thisgtuploadDataMenuItemgtName  LuploadDataMenuItem             thisgtuploadDataMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize190, 22             thisgtuploadDataMenuItemgtText  LUpload Data                            exitMenuItem                           thisgtexitMenuItemgtName  LexitMenuItem             thisgtexitMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize190, 22             thisgtexitMenuItemgtText  LExit                            editMenuItem                           thisgteditMenuItemgtDropDownItemsgtAddRangegcnew cliarraylt SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItem  gt1  thisgtprefMenuItem              thisgteditMenuItemgtName  LeditMenuItem             thisgteditMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize39, 20             thisgteditMenuItemgtText  LEdit                            prefMenuItem                           thisgtprefMenuItemgtName  LprefMenuItem             thisgtprefMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize135, 22             thisgtprefMenuItemgtText  LPreferences                            helpMenuItem                           thisgthelpMenuItemgtDropDownItemsgtAddRangegcnew cliarraylt SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItem  gt1  thisgtaboutMenuItem              thisgthelpMenuItemgtName  LhelpMenuItem             thisgthelpMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize44, 20             thisgthelpMenuItemgtText  LHelp                            aboutMenuItem                           thisgtaboutMenuItemgtName  LaboutMenuItem             thisgtaboutMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize107, 22             thisgtaboutMenuItemgtText  LAbout                            toolStrip1                           thisgttoolStrip1gtItemsgtAddRangegcnew cliarraylt SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItem  gt5                  thisgtaddBaseButton, thisgtaddNodesButton,                     thisgttoolStripSeparator1, thisgtnodesInfoButton, thisgtnodesConfigButton                          thisgttoolStrip1gtLocation  SystemDrawingPoint0, 24             thisgttoolStrip1gtName  LtoolStrip1             thisgttoolStrip1gtSize  SystemDrawingSize638, 25             thisgttoolStrip1gtTabIndex  1             thisgttoolStrip1gtText  LtoolStrip1                            addBaseButton                           thisgtaddBaseButtongtDisplayStyle  SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItemDisplayStyleImage             thisgtaddBaseButtongtDropDownItemsgtAddRangegcnew cliarraylt SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItem  gt2                  thisgtscanPortsMenuItem,                     thisgtaddBaseMenuItem                          thisgtaddBaseButtongtImage  clisafecastltSystemDrawingImagegtresourcesgtGetObjectLaddBaseButton.Image             thisgtaddBaseButtongtImageTransparentColor  SystemDrawingColorMagenta             thisgtaddBaseButtongtName  LaddBaseButton             thisgtaddBaseButtongtSize  SystemDrawingSize29, 22             thisgtaddBaseButtongtText  LAdd Base                            scanPortsMenuItem                           thisgtscanPortsMenuItemgtName  LscanPortsMenuItem             thisgtscanPortsMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize129, 22             thisgtscanPortsMenuItemgtText  LScan Ports                            addBaseMenuItem                           thisgtaddBaseMenuItemgtName  LaddBaseMenuItem             thisgtaddBaseMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize129, 22             thisgtaddBaseMenuItemgtText  LAdd Base             thisgtaddBaseMenuItemgtClick  gcnew SystemEventHandlerthis, ampmainFormaddBaseMenuItemClick                            addNodesButton                           thisgtaddNodesButtongtDisplayStyle  SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItemDisplayStyleImage             thisgtaddNodesButtongtDropDownItemsgtAddRangegcnew cliarraylt SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItem  gt2                  thisgtnodeDiscMenuItem,                     thisgtaddNodeMenuItem                          thisgtaddNodesButtongtImage  clisafecastltSystemDrawingImagegtresourcesgtGetObjectLaddNodesButton.Image             thisgtaddNodesButtongtImageTransparentColor  SystemDrawingColorMagenta             thisgtaddNodesButtongtName  LaddNodesButton             thisgtaddNodesButtongtSize  SystemDrawingSize29, 22             thisgtaddNodesButtongtText  LAdd Nodes                            nodeDiscMenuItem                           thisgtnodeDiscMenuItemgtName  LnodeDiscMenuItem             thisgtnodeDiscMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize157, 22             thisgtnodeDiscMenuItemgtText  LNode Discovery                            addNodeMenuItem                           thisgtaddNodeMenuItemgtName  LaddNodeMenuItem             thisgtaddNodeMenuItemgtSize  SystemDrawingSize157, 22             thisgtaddNodeMenuItemgtText  LAdd Node                            toolStripSeparator1                           thisgttoolStripSeparator1gtName  LtoolStripSeparator1             thisgttoolStripSeparator1gtSize  SystemDrawingSize6, 25                            nodesInfoButton                           thisgtnodesInfoButtongtDisplayStyle  SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItemDisplayStyleImage             thisgtnodesInfoButtongtImage  clisafecastltSystemDrawingImagegtresourcesgtGetObjectLnodesInfoButton.Image             thisgtnodesInfoButtongtImageTransparentColor  SystemDrawingColorMagenta             thisgtnodesInfoButtongtName  LnodesInfoButton             thisgtnodesInfoButtongtSize  SystemDrawingSize23, 22             thisgtnodesInfoButtongtText  LLoad Node Information             thisgtnodesInfoButtongtToolTipText  LLoad Nodes Information                            nodesConfigButton                           thisgtnodesConfigButtongtDisplayStyle  SystemWindowsFormsToolStripItemDisplayStyleImage             thisgtnodesConfigButtongtImage  clisafecastltSystemDrawingImagegtresourcesgtGetObjectLnodesConfigButton.Image             thisgtnodesConfigButtongtImageTransparentColor  SystemDrawingColorMagenta             thisgtnodesConfigButtongtName  LnodesConfigButton             thisgtnodesConfigButtongtSize  SystemDrawingSize23, 22             thisgtnodesConfigButtongtText  LConfigure Nodes                            bottomBox                           thisgtbottomBoxgtControlsgtAddthisgtactionLogBox             thisgtbottomBoxgtLocation  SystemDrawingPoint0, 281             thisgtbottomBoxgtName  LbottomBox             thisgtbottomBoxgtSize  SystemDrawingSize638, 119             thisgtbottomBoxgtTabIndex  3             thisgtbottomBoxgtTabStop  false             thisgtbottomBoxgtText  LAction Log             thisgtbottomBoxgtEnter  gcnew SystemEventHandlerthis, ampmainFormgroupBox1Enter                            actionLogBox                           thisgtactionLogBoxgtAnchor  staticcastltSystemWindowsFormsAnchorStylesgtSystemWindowsFormsAnchorStylesBottom  SystemWindowsFormsAnchorStylesLeft                  SystemWindowsFormsAnchorStylesRight             thisgtactionLogBoxgtBackColor  SystemDrawingSystemColorsWindow             thisgtactionLogBoxgtForeColor  SystemDrawingSystemColorsInactiveCaptionText             thisgtactionLogBoxgtFormattingEnabled  true             thisgtactionLogBoxgtItemsgtAddRangegcnew cliarraylt SystemObject  gt1  L Ready               thisgtactionLogBoxgtLocation  SystemDrawingPoint6, 17             thisgtactionLogBoxgtName  LactionLogBox             thisgtactionLogBoxgtSize  SystemDrawingSize626, 95             thisgtactionLogBoxgtTabIndex  0             thisgtactionLogBoxgtSelectedIndexChanged  gcnew SystemEventHandlerthis, ampmainFormactionLogBoxSelectedIndexChanged                            baseStationBox                           thisgtbaseStationBoxgtBackColor  SystemDrawingSystemColorsWindow             thisgtbaseStationBoxgtForeColor  SystemDrawingSystemColorsInactiveCaptionText             thisgtbaseStationBoxgtFormattingEnabled  true             thisgtbaseStationBoxgtItemsgtAddRangegcnew cliarraylt SystemObject  gt1  LAdd a Base Station              thisgtbaseStationBoxgtLocation  SystemDrawingPoint6, 19             thisgtbaseStationBoxgtName  LbaseStationBox             thisgtbaseStationBoxgtSize  SystemDrawingSize128, 199             thisgtbaseStationBoxgtTabIndex  5             thisgtbaseStationBoxgtSelectedIndexChanged  gcnew SystemEventHandlerthis, ampmainFormbaseStationBoxSelectedIndexChanged                            sideBox                           thisgtsideBoxgtControlsgtAddthisgtbaseStationBox             thisgtsideBoxgtLocation  SystemDrawingPoint6, 52             thisgtsideBoxgtName  LsideBox             thisgtsideBoxgtSize  SystemDrawingSize134, 225             thisgtsideBoxgtTabIndex  6             thisgtsideBoxgtTabStop  false             thisgtsideBoxgtText  LBase Station Controller                            mainForm                           thisgtAutoScaleDimensions  SystemDrawingSizeF6, 13             thisgtAutoScaleMode  SystemWindowsFormsAutoScaleModeFont             thisgtClientSize  SystemDrawingSize638, 400             thisgtControlsgtAddthisgtsideBox             thisgtControlsgtAddthisgtbottomBox             thisgtControlsgtAddthisgttoolStrip1             thisgtControlsgtAddthisgtmenuStrip1             thisgtMainMenuStrip  thisgtmenuStrip1             thisgtName  LmainForm             thisgtStartPosition  SystemWindowsFormsFormStartPositionCenterScreen             thisgtText  LWireless Controll Manager             thisgtLoad  gcnew SystemEventHandlerthis, ampmainFormmainFormLoad             thisgtmenuStrip1gtResumeLayoutfalse             thisgtmenuStrip1gtPerformLayout             thisgttoolStrip1gtResumeLayoutfalse             thisgttoolStrip1gtPerformLayout             thisgtbottomBoxgtResumeLayoutfalse             thisgtsideBoxgtResumeLayoutfalse             thisgtResumeLayoutfalse             thisgtPerformLayout           pragma endregion     private SystemVoid addBaseMenuItemClickSystemObject  sender, SystemEventArgs  e          addBase addbase  gcnew addBase         addbasegtShowDialog      private SystemVoid groupBox1EnterSystemObject  sender, SystemEventArgs  e   private SystemVoid mainFormLoadSystemObject  sender, SystemEventArgs  e   private SystemVoid baseStationBoxSelectedIndexChangedSystemObject  sender, SystemEventArgs  e   private SystemVoid actionLogBoxSelectedIndexChangedSystemObject  sender, SystemEventArgs  e      actionLogBoxgtItemsgtAddBlue Test     codepre
Negative 3262 pIn my chef code, I am trying to read JSON files, parsing them and using their values. Currently I am doing it from my local machine. I want to be able to store the JSONs on SVN and give my code the path to the SVN location and it should be able to read it. Currently my code looks like thisp  precodedef getjsontemplatename       bigjson  JSON.parseFilereadnewresource.localpath  templatename       return bigjson end codepre  pI want it to look something like thisp  precodedef getjsontemplatename       bigjson  JSON.parseFilereadnewresource.svnpath  templatename       return bigjson end codepre  pAnyone know how I can directly do it though SVNp
Negative 3262 pWhen Im trying to install express with npm I always get the following errorp  precodeFailed to parse json No data, empty input at 11 File root.npminherits2.0.1packagepackage.json Failed to parse package.json data. package.json must be actual JSON, not just JavaScript.  This is not a bug in npm. Tell the package author to fix their package.json file. JSON.parse codepre  pWhat am I doing wrongp  precode sudo npm install g express codepre  pOS is Ubuntu 12.04 precise armhfp
Negative 3262 pMy requirement is to remove from ArrayList like thisp  precodeArrayListltUsergt user  new ArrayListltUsergt  ListIteratorltUsergt outerIterator  null ListIteratorltUsergt innerIterator  null  User outer  null User inner  null  forouterIterator  user.listIterator outerIterator.hasNext      outer  outerIterator.next     forinnerIterator  user.listIterator innerIterator.hasNext          inner  innerIterator.next         ifSomeOperationOnouter,inner              innerIterator.remove                codepre  pAbove code is giving exceptionp  precodeException in thread main java.util.ConcurrentModificationException codepre  pas expected, because I am trying to remove from innerIterator while outerIterator is Iterator on same objectuser.p  pIs there any way to remove element from ArrayList using ListIterator in loop inside loopp
Negative 3262 pI have two lists of tuples. One list has unique elements the other does not. I need to merge and convert them. See example belowp  precodenonunique  [A,2, B,3, C,4, D,5, E,6, A,8, C, 5, E,1 ]  unique  [A,5, B,4, C,2] codepre  pThe codenonuniquecode has repeated codeAcode, codeCcode, codeEcode. But Im interested in merging adding corresponding digits in   codenonuniquecode only if same nondigit appear in codeuniquecode. Digits in codeuniquecode are not used. Therefore, A, B, C in codeuniquecode gives the dict p  precode    result  A 10, B 3, C 9 codepre  pIm not sure what steps I should use to obtain this result. Any tip would be helpful.p
Negative 3262 pEffectively I want my margins to change based upon the resolution,p  pOn my 1920x1080 computer, everything fits fine. On my tablet with a smaller resolution it overlapsmakes everything look weird.p  pIdeally I want to have the text either cut off, or change to fit better..p  pCurrently just usingp  precodemarginleft 375px marginright 375px codepre  pon certain elements I want this to be the case for, which is all of them, beside backgrounds etc.p  pIs there an easy way to do this Thanks.p
Negative 3262 pIm doing a little horse racing animation for practice. I want to change the speed of divs every 100 miliseconds and every div must have different speeds. The following code is not working as i expected.p  precodevar v  setIntervalfunction           v  Math.floorMath.random  9000  2000  1  2000          return v      , 500    start.clickfunction        karauzum.animateleft 400px, v, function            list.pushkarauzum            gelibolu.animateleft 400px, v, function           list.pushgelibolu            yalnizefe.animateleft 400px, v, function           list.pushyalnizefe            ucanoglu.animateleft 400px, v, function           list.pushucanoglu       codepre  pBtw the full page is right here a hrefhttpkilavuzbaykus.comatyarisi.html relnofollowhttpkilavuzbaykus.comatyarisi.htmlap
Negative 3262 pIve been trying to implement the OwlCarousel image slider into my RoR app. The problem is that the slider doesnt seem to be called upon.p  pThis is what it currently outputs with two images p  pimg srchttpi.imgur.comG1nJLA0.jpg altcurrent outputp  pThis is my current relevant code p  pIn application.jsp  precode require jquery  require bootstrapsprockets  require jqueryujs  require turbolinks  require owl.carousel  requiretree . codepre  pIn application.css.scssp  precode   require owl.carousel   require owl.theme   requiretree .   requireself    import bootstrapsprockets import bootstrap codepre  pIn show.html.erbp  precode    ltdivgt            ltdiv classcolxs12 colmdoffset2 colmd6 projectrightpanelgt             ltdiv idowlcarouselgt                 lt postattachments.each do p gt                   lt imagetag p.avatarurl gt                   lt linkto Edit Attachment, editpostattachmentpathp gt                 lt end gt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt      ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         document.readyfunction             owlcarousel.owlCarousel                 autoPlay 3000,                 item  3,                 itemsDesktop  [1119,3],                 itemsDesktopSmall  [979, 3]                           ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 3262 pIm working on reimplementing a PHPGD app in clientside SVG. My initial plan is to use Snap or Raphael for that. One of the features of the original app is drawing fat curved arrows, for which I need the outline. This is how the original lookedp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com16plV.png altOriginal PHP and GD curved arrowsp  pOriginally in PHP, I wrote my own catmullrom function and calculated a central spine curve between the ends and control points, then figured out a normal vector at each spine point to get the points either side of that at the distance I wanted for my fat line. That worked OK, but its fairly labourintensive, and it does strange things on tight turns.p  pInitially, I rewrote my php curve calculation in javascript, and generated large lists of straight linesegments. That works, but it doesnt remain smooth as you zoom obviously enough.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comKB36N.png altPointbypoint calculated catmullrom splinesp  pSo for the next javascript version, I started with an SVG path using the R segment type to get my catmullrom central curve, and I can get the angle and therefore normal at any point based on the distance along the curve. But I wanted to try and be more efficient and let SVG calculate the outline curves, by producing only the control points for two new CR splines passing through control points offset by the normal from the original control points green in image.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comg5GBM.png altSVG spline construction with some normal points drawn on. Green dots are control pointsp  pBut  how can I get the angle of the curve or the tangent vector at a point on the curve not a length along it I know the coordinates its the CR control point, just not the angle. There doesnt appear to be a method on SVGPathElement to actually retrieve points arbitrarily, or say, find the nearest point on the path to a point.p  pAlternatively, how else can I get the same outline Im new to SVG, so if theres a way to just let it draw a line with a strokeWidth of 20 or whatever the width is and get the outline of that in a modifiable form I need to add the outline of the arrowhead, and also in some cases run text along the outside edge of the arrow, then that would also workp  pUpdate The arrowhead shape is proportional to the width of the line, and the proportions can be adjusted somewhat by the user. The width is also specified by the user. I think this makes using markers a problem, but happy to be proved wrong. Some of these arrows will have no fill i.e. transparent, just outline.p  pExtra thought is there some property of parametric CatmullRom splines, such that the control point is always at t0.5 for example, so that I can figure out the length to the control point and use the Snap methods to get the angle [answer  yes, its t1.0, but that doesnt help with the length]p
Negative 3262 pI am using Python with Selenium Webdriver I have got the value of a textfield which is 1,000.000 I am using an if statement to check if the value from the textfield  1,000.000 If Yes then pass else i use sendkeys and enter 1,000.000 into the text field.p  pI am getting the following error TypeError cannot concatenate str and WebElement objectsp  precodeError Traceback most recent call last File CWebdriverreverted to backupClearCore 501TestCasesDataPreviewsPageTestCase.py, line 93, in testaddDataPreviews dp.ismaxrecords1000displayed File CWebdriverreverted to backupClearCore 501Pagesdatapreviews.py, line 76, in ismaxrecords1000displayed print maxrecordstextfield does not have default value 1,000.00 The value  is    maxrecordstextfield TypeError cannot concatenate str and WebElement objects codepre  pMy code snippet isp  h1max records textfield has the value 1,000.000 as defaulth1  precode    def ismaxrecords1000displayedself         maxrecordstextfield  self.driver.findelementMainPageLocators.datapreviewsmaxrecordstextfield2         print maxrecordstextfield  ,  maxrecordstextfield.getattributevalue         if maxrecordstextfield.getattributevalue  1,000.000             print maxrecordstextfield  maxrecordstextfield.getattributevalue         else             print maxrecordstextfield does not have default value 1,000.00 The value is    maxrecordstextfield             print Going to enter 1,000.00 into the textfield             maxrecordstextfield.sendkeys1,000.00 codepre  pDo i need to cast the webelement maxrecordstextfield to a string variable How would i do thisp
Negative 3262 pI set a ssh tunnel using putty and configured windows setting and Firefox proxy to browse the internet through it. It works perfectly. Now I want to upload my GAE app via the same ssh tunnel. What do I have to do to do it p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to open ftp file using below lines,p  precode con  ftpconnectmyhost                 if con                  throw new ExceptionUnable to connect                         loggedIn  ftplogincon,  user,  pass     if loggedIn                      ifftpgetcon, test.csv, ftpmyhosttest.csv, FTPASCII                        echo in                     else                         echo out                     codepre  pThen I am getting error p  blockquote   pftpget File not foundp blockquote  pbut if I ran ftp path in browser it fetches file correctly.p  pcan anyone guide me in correct path  Thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI have design a website where user can upload images and videos. Is it possible the use google cloud storage with compute engine.  p
Negative 3262 pI try to find all seconds tds among the descendants of div with the specified id, i.e. 22 and 222. The first solution that comes to my mind wasp  precodediv[idindicator]td[2] codepre  pbut it selects only the first table cell, i.e. 22 but not both 22 and 222. Then I replaced  with descendantorselfnode and got the same result obviously. But when I removed orself the xpath expression started to work as expectedp  precode test1  testtree.xpathudiv[idindicator]descendantorselfnodetd[2]  print lentest1 prints 1 first one 22   test1  testtree.xpathudiv[idindicator]descendantnodetd[2]  print lentest1 prints 2 22 and 222 codepre  pHere is test HTMLp  precodelthtmlgt     ltbodygt         ltdiv idindicatorgt             lttablegt                lttbodygt                     lttrgt                         ltthgt1ltthgt                         ltthgt2ltthgt                         ltthgt3ltthgt                     lttrgt                     lttrgt                         lttdgt11lttdgt                         lttdgt22lttdgt                         lttdgt33lttdgt                     lttrgt                     lttrgt                         lttdgt111lttdgt                         lttdgt222lttdgt                         lttdgt333lttdgt                     lttrgt                 lttbodygt             lttablegt         ltdivgt     ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pIm wondering why both expressions dont work identically since all the tds are descendants of div element no matter div included or not.p
Negative 3262 pI have this site a hrefhttpbagel.dgsite.combagel relnofollowlinka.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comdjxCT.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comdjxCT.jpg altenter image description hereap  pAs you can see, the homepage are 3 photos ... If you resize the window appears scroll the content and I do not want this ... I want to be there regardless of screen height of 100 and will not appear scroll.p  pThe height of main content is determined with jQuery codep  precodevar windowheight  window.outerHeight var meniu .navbarfixedtop.outerHeight maincontent.cssheight, 100vh maincontent.cssheight, maincontent.outerHeight  50 maincontent.csswidth,contentwh20 codepre  pI tried to add height to 100 codecontentcode and unsuccessfully codeprimarycode ... nothing changes and everything appears scrolling. Briefly I want to limit the height of content. It can do these things with CSS or JSp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI am trying to use the NOAA API to get data on monthly mean temperature and precipitation for the past 10 years. I wrote the following python code the variable token in the code is the API token that I gotp  precodeimport requests url  httpwww.ncdc.noaa.govcdowebapiv2datadatasetidGHCNDMSamplocationidZIP28801ampstartdate20000101ampenddate20100101 response  requests.geturl, headers  token  data  response.json codepre  pI am not able to get data for for the specified time period. I am not sure where I am going wrong. p
Negative 3262 pI have a message formatter class that needs to be able to serialize and deserialize JSON messages. This centralized class will be called by a separate client that sends and receives messages from a server. The problem Im running into is I dont know what class type that Ill be receiving on a response message. The serialization part is fine, code below.p  precodepublic override object Serializeobject message     return new JavaScriptSerializer.Serializemessage  codepre  pThe closest I can get is to deserialize using a dynamic operator like so.p  precodepublic override object Deserializeobject message     return new JavaScriptSerializer.Deserializeltdynamicgtmessage.ToString  codepre  pBut I really want to return is the actual class with the properties within the class filled with the data from the response message. Ive played with codeGetTypecode and other options likep  precodereturn new JavaScriptSerializer.Deserializemessage.ToString, typeofSome Class codepre  pBut nothing I try will work without knowing the response class in advance. Ive thought about storing the class name in the Json object and using an Activator to spin it up, but is there a cleaner way to do thisp
Negative 3262 pIm relatively new to iOS development, and currently using Swift to develop a prototype ResearchKit app. One of the requirements is to embed a codeWKWebViewcode in an codeORKTaskcode consisting of three steps codeORKQuestionStepcode, codeORKWebViewStepcode, codeORKCompletionStepcode. I cant seem to find much information on how to subclass codeORKStepcode and codeORKStepViewControllercode using Swift to create a custom step. Can someone guide me in the right direction for how to subclass codeORKStepcode and codeORKStepViewControllercode to display a codeWKWebViewcode using Swiftp  pThank you in advancep
Negative 3262 pIve been looking around for an explanation on how to do this for a while but havent found a decent explanation yet, so apologies if this is a repeat.p  pI dont have any problem retrieving JSON using GET but Im confused as to how to use POST to send JSON and have it interpreted at the far end by a PHP scriptp  pIm trying to do this on localhost for now.p  pForm is as follows p  precodeltdiv classrowgt     ltdiv classcolsm2 spacergtampnbspltdivgt     ltdiv classcolsm8 topSpaceNeededgtlth4gtSelect Currencies to Exchangelth4gtltdivgt     ltdiv classcolsm2 spacergtampnbspltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classrowgt     ltdiv classcolsm1gtampnbspltdivgt     ltdiv classcolsm10gt         ltform idformSendDataWithAjax methodPOST action.postedJsonDatagt             ltdiv idformSection1gt                 ltdiv classrowgt                     ltdiv classcolsm12gtampnbspltdivgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classrowgt                     ltdiv classcolsm6gt                         ltdiv classformgroupgt                             ltlabel foruserIdgtUser IDltlabelgt                             ltselect classformcontrol iduserId nameuserIdgt                                 ltoption value123456gt123456ltoptiongt                                 ltoption value654321gt654321ltoptiongt                                 ltoption value134256gt134256ltoptiongt                                 ltoption value652431gt652431ltoptiongt                             ltselectgt                         ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classcolsm6gt                         ltdiv classformgroupgt                             ltlabel fororiginatingCountry idcountryLabelgtCountry of Originltlabelgt                             ltselect classformcontrol idoriginatingCountry nameoriginatingCountrygt                                 ltoption valueIEgtIRELANDltoptiongt                                 ltoption valueENgtENGLANDltoptiongt                                 ltoption valueFRgtFRANCEltoptiongt                                 ltoption valuePLgtPOLANDltoptiongt                             ltselectgt                         ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classrowgt                     ltdiv classcolsm6gt                         ltdiv classformgroupgt                             ltlabel forcurrencyFromgtBase Currencyltlabelgt                             ltselect classformcontrol idcurrencyFrom namecurrencyFrom gt                                 ltoption valueAUDgtAUDltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueCADgtCADltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueCHFgtCHFltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueCZKgtCZKltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueDKKgtDKKltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueEUR SELECTEDgtEURltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueGBPgtGBPltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueHKDgtHKDltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueHUFgtHUFltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueNOKgtNOKltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueNZDgtNZDltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valuePLNgtPLNltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueSEKgtSEKltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueUSDgtUSDltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueZARgtZARltOPTIONgt                             ltselectgt                         ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classcolsm6gt                         ltdiv classformgroupgt                             ltlabel forcurrencyTogtBuy Currencyltlabelgt                             ltselect classformcontrol idcurrencyTo namecurrencyTogt                                 ltoption valueAUDgtAUDltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueCADgtCADltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueCHFgtCHFltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueDKKgtDKKltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueEUR SELECTEDgtEURltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueGBPgtGBPltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueHKDgtHKDltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueHUFgtHUFltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueNOKgtNOKltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueNZDgtNZDltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valuePLNgtPLNltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueSEKgtSEKltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueUSDgtUSDltOPTIONgt                                 ltoption valueZARgtZARltOPTIONgt                             ltselectgt                         ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classrowgt                     ltdiv classcolsm12gtampnbspltdivgt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv idformSection2gt                 ltdiv classrowgt                     ltdiv classcolsm12gtampnbspltdivgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classrowgt                     ltdiv classcolsm4gtampnbspltdivgt                     ltdiv classcolsm4gt                         ltdiv classformgroupgt                             ltlabel forrate idrateLabelgtampnbspltlabelgt                             ltinput typehidden idrate namerate value gt                         ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classcolsm4gtampnbspltdivgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classrowgt                     ltdiv classcolsm6gt                         ltdiv classformgroupgt                             ltlabel foramountSellgtYou Sellltlabelgt                             ltinput typenumber classformcontrol step0.10 idamountSell nameamountSell value1.00 gt                         ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classcolsm6gt                         ltdiv classformgroupgt                             ltlabel foramountBuygtYou Buyltlabelgt                             ltinput typenumber classformcontrol step0.01 idamountBuy nameamountBuy value1.00 gt                         ltdivgt                     ltdivgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classrowgt                     ltdiv classcolsm12gtampnbspltdivgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classrowgt                     ltdiv classcolsm4gtampnbspltdivgt                     ltdiv classcolsm4gt                         ltinput typesubmit idtransfer classbtn btnprimary btnblock idtransfer nametransfer valueTRANSFER NOWgt                     ltdivgt                     ltdiv classcolsm4gtampnbspltdivgt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltformgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classcolsm1gtampnbspltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pI know its probably easier to use JQuery, but Javascript is what I know so Id like to stick with that if possible.p  pThe Javascript is as followsp  precodedocument.getElementByIdformSendDataWithAjax.onsubmit       submitDataWithAjax  function submitDataWithAjaxe   intercept form submission by preventing the script from following the url of the form e.preventDefault  var f  e.target,     formData new FormDataf,     xhr  new XMLHttpRequest  xhr.openPOST, f.action xhr.setRequestHeaderContentType,applicationjson charsetutf8 xhr.sendformData  codepre  pWhat I believe this script should do is prevent the postedJsonData page from loading when the form is submitted. Instead, the data is converted to JSON and should then be sent via AJAX to the postedJsonData PHP scriptp  pIf this is correct, how do I get postedJsonData script to listen for the datap  pIs it enough to do this to extract it to an arrayp  precodedataArr  filegetcontentsphpinput codepre
Negative 3262 pFollowing a lead to another question I posted I am now trying to declare a global username variable in the AppDelegate class in swift. My goal is to have a user put in his username in the startup screen and then have that username pop up on labels in other views  a universal username simply.p  pI have declared the username in my AppDelegate classp  precodeclass AppDelegate UIResponder, UIApplicationDelegate       var window UIWindow     var userName        let appDelegate  UIApplication.sharedApplication.delegate as AppDelegate codepre  pand in my main controller I have a label and a button function that sets the namep  precodeclass ViewController UIViewController       IBOutlet var userLabel  UILabel      let appDelegate  UIApplication.sharedApplication.delegate as AppDelegate      override func viewDidLoad          super.viewDidLoad          Do any additional setup after loading the view, typically from a nib.           override func didReceiveMemoryWarning          super.didReceiveMemoryWarning          Dispose of any resources that can be recreated.           IBAction func setName           appDelegate.userName  userLabel.text        codepre  pthe idea is then that this name is to pop up in my player2 controller in its labelp  precodeimport Foundation import UIKit  class Player2  UIViewController       IBOutlet var player2  UILabel      let appDelegate  UIApplication.sharedApplication.delegate as AppDelegate       override func viewDidLoad          super.viewDidLoad          Do any additional setup after loading the view, typically from a nib.          self.player2.text  appDelegate.userName as String            override func didReceiveMemoryWarning          super.didReceiveMemoryWarning          Dispose of any resources that can be recreated.      codepre
Negative 3262 pI dont know why Im getting it. It only pops up when the raycast hits the object.p  precodevoid Update RaycastHit2D hitSideRight  new RaycastHit2D             hitSideRight  Physics2D.Raycast transform.position, Vector2.right, 1.2f, 1 ltlt LayerMask.NameToLayerGround             Debug.DrawRay transform.position, Vector2.right 1.2f              RaycastHit2D hitSideLeft  new RaycastHit2D             hitSideLeft  Physics2D.Raycast transform.position, Vector2.right, 1.2f, 1 ltlt LayerMask.NameToLayerGround             Debug.DrawRay transform.position, Vector2.right 1.2f              ifhitSideLeft.collider  null  hitSideRight.collider  null                 CancelMove                 Debug.LoghitSideRight.collider.tag.ToString               codepre  pI get the error for this line of code only when the ray contacts with the object  codeDebug.LoghitSideRight.collider.tag.ToStringcodep
Negative 3262 pI have a android media player in my app which uses a subrip file to show captions via OnTimedTextListener. I am seeing an issue with the callback to OnTimedTextListener if the consecutive texts are same. For examplep  precode1 000000,006 gt 000000,247 Butter   2 000000,247 gt 000000,501 Butter   3 000000,501 gt 000000,752 Butter   4 000000,752 gt 000000,973 Butter   5 000000,973 gt 000001,896 bread and butter codepre  pmy OnTimedTextListener implementation p  precodemMediaPlayer.setOnTimedTextListenernew MediaPlayer.OnTimedTextListener              Override             public void onTimedTextMediaPlayer mp, TimedText text                  Log.dTAG, timed text  text.getText   [mediaPlayer position  mp.getCurrentPosition]                       codepre  pand following are my OnTimedTextListener callbacksp  precodeButter [mediaPlayer position 7] Butter [mediaPlayer position 432] bread and butter [mediaPlayer position 921] codepre  pAny idea whats wrongp
Negative 3262 pI have a button below on my listview that allows the user to press it to autoscroll back to the top of the list. I was wondering if there was a way to make it so that the button can visually scroll back to the top of the list instead of just jumping to the top. My current button code is as followsp  precodeImageButton toTop  ImageButton findViewByIdR.id.topButton     toTop.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener          Override         public void onClickView v              mListView.setSelection0             mListView.requestFocus0             v.performHapticFeedbackHapticFeedbackConstants.VIRTUALKEY               codepre
Negative 3262 pI am looking to retrieve all nodes an relationships with respect to outgoing relationships only. That is all nodes b that are connected to a in this manner p  precodeagtb codepre  pIn my situation. I have User nodes that are then connected to another node, lets label it work. And from work node we relate out to many other nodes that may be labeled workfriends or worklocations. This User node may also have other nodes from the user node like school, which in turn would have outgoing nodes labeled schoolfriends and others.  p  pHow would I return all nodes starting from the work node and return his work node and all his work friends and work locations p  pWhat I have been trying. p  precodeMatchaUser,bWork WHERE a.UserId  xxxx AND b.Work  JobA Return   codepre  pbut this ends up only returning the two matched nodes where I want it to return all nodes from the matched work node out. p  pEDIT 1 So, I guess writing out the problem on here helped me solve my own problem. I have gotten closer to a solution.p  precodeMatchaUser,bWorkgtn Where a.UserId   xxxx AND  b.Name  CompanyA Return   codepre  pSo adding n in the match returned everything from a, where n is all nodes connected out from b, that is it returned p  precodeagtbgtn  codepre  pthis is close to what I am looking for. I really want to return p  precodebgtn  codepre  pand ignore the inbound relationship.  p
Negative 3262 pI was experimenting on my college websites session maintenance mechanism. I found just one cookie variable which is also supposed to be the session cookie, but even after I deleteedit that cookie using a cookie editor plugin in firefox and then reload the page the same previous hash value is assigned to that cookie variable every time. So, I cant figure out the how is this website maintaining the session.br I have checked in the html, there is no hidden input tag which could be used for this thing and also there is no variable in the url for session id. Also there is no post request being sent having the session cookie.br Can someone tell me if there is any other way to maintain session or store the session id.br PS I am allowed to perform this check on this website. Its not any kind of mischief . Also this cookie editor plugin works for sure, I have used it many times.p
Negative 3262 pI have a simple grid with filter. If I use regexp on the filter then filter is not working. If I dont use regexp on the filter then filter is working. Where is the bug my codep  pThis is my regexp  filter code p  pMy simple textfield p  precode   xtype textfield,   id usersgridfilter,   name usersgridfilter,   size 20   codepre  pAnd I have a button listenersp  precodelisteners    click function    var store  Ext.getCmpusers.getStore,     val  new RegExpExt.getCmpusersgridfilter.getValue, i      store.filterByfunctionrec         return rec.getfirstname  val                 rec.getlastname  val  ,  codepre
Negative 3262 pIm working on a project that uses both RestKit and CocoaLumberjack. The project also uses some other pods, some of them only exist in swift. I use cocoapods 0.38.2 for dependency management, my podfile looks like this removed other pods for readabilityp  precodesource httpsgithub.comCocoaPodsSpecs.git  platform ios, 8.0 useframeworks  pod RestKit pod CocoaLumberjack codepre  pI need to use codeuseframeworkscode because of those other pods that are swiftonly. I try to compile this using Xcode7 beta 5, I get the following errorsp  blockquote   pOBJCCLASSDDLog, referenced fromp  precode  objcclassref in RKLumberjackLogger.o codepre      pld symbols not found for architecture x8664p blockquote  pSo I took a look into the offending file and found thisp  precodeif hasincludeDDLog.h import RKLumberjackLogger.h import DDLog.h codepre  pLooks like the entire file resolves to nothing if the codeDDLog.hcode is not present, in which case I think the RestKit logging falls back to NSLog or whatever. Otherwise, the Lumberjack logging is used, which is what I want.p  pAfter some investigation, my suspicion is that the RestKit somehow sees the CocoaLumberjack headers where the DDLog.h is, but is not properly linked against it when the project is built. Feel free to question this in case you have better ideas, but I can confirm that going to the CocoaLumberjack sources and manually adding DDLog.m as a member to the RestKit framwork target allows me to compile the project properly.p  pimg srchttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu27427137ss.png p  pSo, my question is, what is the correct way of fixing this RestKit is not directly dependent on CocoaLumberjack, but tries to detect it and use it if possible, but fails miserably. Is there a way to link RestKit with Lumberjack from my project level so I dont have to modify the podsp  pExample project can be found a hrefhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu27427137test.zip relnofollowhereap
Negative 3262 pI need vector images which are easy to change their color so I write a special SVG like this it draws a trianglep  precodeltsvg width200 height200gt     ltrect width200 height200 stylefillbackgroundcolor gt     ltpolygon points0,0 0,200 200,100 stylefillfillcolor gt ltsvggt codepre  pAnd a class which has this function to do thatp  precode    function getSVGContentidStringString          var svgContentString  Assets.getTextid         svgContent  svgContent.replacebackgroundcolor, backgroundColor.ARGBtoWebString         svgContent  svgContent.replacefillcolor, fillColor.ARGBtoWebString         return svgContent      codepre  pThey work very well but the only problem is that the SVG image doesnt have transparent background so I added a coderectcodeangle as you see in the SVG file to fix that. But what if the SVG is on the border of two colorp  pI also added codefillopacity0code to the codestylecode of the coderectcodeangle but the SVG image came out just plain white.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comngygi.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comngygi.png altenter image description hereap
Negative 3262 pPreviously I have been using Windows 8.1 and Android Studio to develop Android apps and all was well.  However I have now just upgraded to Windows 10 and I am having a Slight Issue.p  pI have a Nexus 7 that I am using to debug, and Android Studio can no longer see this device to use it.  As I said all was well in Windows 8.1.p  pHas anyone else come across this, and have you managed to get round it  Am I missing something obviousp  pThanks againp  pStevep
Negative 3262 pWhile using codeMeldcode I am seeing three vertical side p  pOn left codeTest.txt.LOCAL.10512.txtcodep  pIn middle codeTest.txtcodep  pOn Right codeTest.txt.REMOTE.10512.txtcodep  pCan anyone help me to understand these three window. and which one should i consider as final merged file  I am not able find anything regarding this on internet.p
Negative 3262 precoderegex  ltwb[ltgt]gt[sS]lt1gtg   xHello  ltphone full9087456311gt My Numberltphonegt9087456300ltphone fullgt9087456311ltphonegt   splittedText  x.splitregex codepre  pResult splittedText  [RSVP  , phone, 9087456300, phone, ] p  pExpected splittedText  [RSVP  , 9087456300, ] p  pHere, I do not want phone as its a tag name.. what i get is, regex seems correct as it matches perfectin this case[ My Number,9087456311] but if i split it, gives tag name in this casephone in that p  pIn reference to my previous question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions31914360needregextofindtextoutsidethetagsonlyjavascriptNeed regex to find text outside the tags ONLY javascriptap
Negative 3262 pWe are starting a project which will consist inp  ul liWeb project strongASP.NET MVCstrongli listrongIOS appstrongli ul  pand both will consume data from a strong.NET WEB API servicestrong.p  pThe WEB API service will expose a POST Method with the url usercreate. But i dont know stronghow can i avoid another apps for making post to this urlstrong I know i need a security protocol, but i wanted to know which one you recommend me, and if you have, an article where is it explained.p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 phello everybody i want to refresh controller function after 5 sec automatically i am using codeheaderRefresh 10.2code inside controller function likep  precodepublic function delete               headerRefresh 10.2         currenttimedateHis,strtotime3 hours         emailthisgtsessiongtuserdata[email]         endtimethisgtmodelusergtgetresendtimeemail         ifcurrenttimegtendtime  currenttime lt005959                      thisgtmodelusergtmovereserveendtime,email              thisgtmodelusergtupqtydelemail              thisgtmodelusergtdeletereserveendtime,email                codepre  pbut this refresh the whole page also have any method that will refresh only function thanks in advancep
Negative 3262 pI have a page contains a drop down list for a enum which is binding on a field in the model, also I have a url parameter have the same namefirst letters case is not same. p  pWhen the url parameter is empty, the binding for the enum is not correct. To clarify my question, please see the detail code below.p  pFor example, when the url is codeIndexeventTypecode, the view initially show Type1 instead of Type2. Is there any special rule for the MVC5 cause that weird behaviorp  pWhen I either change the url parameter name or the field name in the model, the drop down list could select Type2 when load codeIndexeventTypecodep  pViewp  precodemodel TestMode      Layout  null   Html.EnumDropDownListForm gt m.EventType codepre  pControllerp  precode    public ActionResult Indexint eventType              var viewModel  new TestMode         viewModel.EventType  eventType.HasValue                                 CalendarEventTypeeventType.Value                                 CalendarEventType.Type2         Check the value of EventType here is CalendarEventType.Type2, but when the view loaded, there are not selected for the drop down list of enum         return ViewviewModel      codepre  pViewModelp  precodepublic class TestMode      public CalendarEventType EventType  getset   public enum CalendarEventType      Type1  0,     Type2  1,  codepre  pHTML for the codeIndexeventTypecode, there are no option be selected.p  precodeltselect datavaltrue datavalrequiredEventType field is required idEventType nameEventTypegt     ltoption value0gtType1ltoptiongt     ltoption value1gtType2ltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre
Negative 3262 pWhy is it saying use of unassigned variable isZoneEmpty. Im having a hard time finding out why. Because I am using the variable in the if statement.Please Help me. Why is it saying use of unassigned variable isZoneEmpty. Im having a hard time finding out why. Because I am using the variable in the if statement.Please Help me.       p  precodeusing UnityEngine using System.Collections using System.Collections.Generic  public class SpawnZone  MonoBehaviour   private Vector3 Zone1 private Vector3 Zone2 private Vector3 Zone3 private Vector3 Zone4 private Vector3 Zone5  public Vector3 Zone1L public Vector3 Zone2L public Vector3 Zone3L public Vector3 Zone4L public Vector3 Zone5L  public GameObject Monster  GameObject SpawnedM    void Start        Dictionary ltVector3,boolgt IsZoneEmpty new Dictionary ltVector3,boolgt               IsZoneEmpty.AddZone1,true         IsZoneEmpty.AddZone2,true         IsZoneEmpty.AddZone3,true         IsZoneEmpty.AddZone4,true         IsZoneEmpty.Add Zone5,true          if IsZoneEmpty[Zone1]  true                       SpawnedM  InstantiateMonster,Zone1L, Quaternion.identity as GameObject             Debug.LogMonster Spawned In Zone 1                        codepre
Negative 3262 pI have been using the NewRelic sdk to track the network requests on my app and now I am getting  some NullPointerException such as the one belowp  precodejava.lang.NullPointerException    at org.apache.harmony.luni.internal.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsURLConnectionImplHttpsEngine.makeSslConnectionHttpsURLConnectionImpl.java479    at org.apache.harmony.luni.internal.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsURLConnectionImplHttpsEngine.makeConnectionHttpsURLConnectionImpl.java419    at org.apache.harmony.luni.internal.net.www.protocol.http.HttpURLConnectionImpl.connectHttpURLConnectionImpl.java217    at org.apache.harmony.luni.internal.net.www.protocol.https.HttpsURLConnectionImpl.connectHttpsURLConnectionImpl.java177    at com.newrelic.agent.android.instrumentation.HttpsURLConnectionExtension.connectHttpsURLConnectionExtension.java102    at org.jsoup.helper.HttpConnectionResponse.executeHttpConnection.java512    at org.jsoup.helper.HttpConnectionResponse.executeHttpConnection.java493    at org.jsoup.helper.HttpConnection.executeHttpConnection.java205    at org.jsoup.helper.HttpConnection.getHttpConnection.java194    at com.radioafrica.mpasho.service.ArticleFetcherService.checkForApiChangesArticleFetcherService.java480    at com.radioafrica.mpasho.service.ArticleFetcherService.onHandleIntentArticleFetcherService.java261    at android.app.IntentServiceServiceHandler.handleMessageIntentService.java59    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java132    at android.os.HandlerThread.runHandlerThread.java60 codepre  pwhenever i try to make a http request to one particular url. How can i catch this exceptionp  pHere is the code making the http requestp  precode private void checkForApiChanges      String version  null      try          Document doc  Jsoup.connectCHECKURL.get         Elements v  doc.selectp.version          for Element el  v              version  el.text                catch IOException  OutOfMemoryError  ExceptionInInitializerError e          e.printStackTrace       codepre
Negative 3262 pI am having an issue with inserting a DataTable into a SQL Table regarding a column I have called recipid which is a non identity sequence number.  The point of this column is for the client to refer to a record without such a long number.  I have a Identity column that is my primary key called patientid but since this database contains over a million records I have assigned recipid for client to reference records.p  pI am using SQL Server 2008 and Casp.net.  In my program I allow for a file upload of data.  The columns specific to this issue are Patientid, Custno, and Recipid.  When I am only uploading a datafile for a single customer I can pass the Custno as a parameter and use the following stored procedure to insert the table...p  precodeCreate PROCEDURE [dbo].[JRSPImportDatatable]  Details ImportTable Readonly, Type varcharmax, Custno varcharmax  AS BEGIN  SET NOCOUNT ON added to prevent extra result sets from  interfering with SELECT statements. SET NOCOUNT ON  Insert statements for procedure here DECLARE rownum int IF EXISTSSELECT  FROM UsersMailingData WHERE custno  Custno SET rownum  SELECT MAXrecipid1 FROM UsersMailingData WHERE custno  Custno ELSE SET rownum  0  IFType  Add BEGIN INSERT INTO UsersMailingDatacustno, recipid, fname, lname, date1, fname2, lname2, date2, salutation, name1, name2, company, address, address2, city, state, zip SELECT custno, rownumber over order by custnorownum, isnullfname,, isnulllname,, isnulldate1,, isnullfname2,, isnulllname2,, isnulldate2,, isnullsalutation,, isnullname1,, isnullname2,, isnullcompany,, address, isnulladdress2,, isnullcity,, isnullstate,, isnullzip, FROM Details OPTION RECOMPILE END IFType  Replace BEGIN DELETE FROM UsersMailingData WHERE Custno  Custno INSERT INTO UsersMailingDatacustno, recipid, fname, lname, date1, fname2, lname2, date2, salutation, name1, name2, company, address, address2, city, state, zip SELECT custno, rownumber over order by custnorownum, isnullfname,, isnulllname,, isnulldate1,, isnullfname2,, isnulllname2,, isnulldate2,, isnullsalutation,, isnullname1,, isnullname2,, isnullcompany,, address, isnulladdress2,, isnullcity,, isnullstate,, isnullzip, FROM Details OPTION RECOMPILE END END  codepre  pThis works to locate the highest Recipid of the customer Custno and append sequence to Recipid keeping the Recipid unique per customer Custno.  The result would be as follows...p  pExisting data in SQL table...p  precodePatientid  Custno  Recipid     16012   D13931     1     16013   D13931     2     16014   D13931     3     16015   D13931     4 codepre  pOnce Stored Procedure is used adds the following...p  precodePatientid  Custno  Recipid   1510012   D13931     5   1510013   D13931     6   1510014   D13931     7   1510015   D13931     8   1510015   D13931     9 codepre  pThis works great as long as the Custno is passed as a parameter and the entire DataTable being inserted belongs to this customer.p  pNow I need to add the Custno to the datatable so I can uploadinsert multiple Customer files at once.  This makes it so I can no longer use the following to calculate the highest Recipid for the CustomerCustno since Custno will no longer be a parameter and instead will be included in the DataTable Detailsp  precodeIF EXISTSSELECT  FROM UsersMailingData WHERE custno  Custno SET rownum  SELECT MAXrecipid1 FROM UsersMailingData WHERE custno  Custno ELSE SET rownum  0 codepre  pHow can I get the same result in regards to Recipid for multiple Customers Custno at once. The dataTable I need to insert would look as follows minus all the name and address info just to try and simplify...p  precodeCustno    Fname    Lname    ... D13931     D13931 D13931 D43211 D43211 D43211 D84441 D84441 codepre  pSo how do I calculate the highest Recipid for each of these accounts as I am inserting them.  the goal being that once they are inserted the recipid continues from the highest number in each of these Customers existing records.p  pAny help with this would be appreciated.  p
Negative 3262 pUnder the function codedistancecode, I return a codedoublecode called codedistancode. But when I go back to the codemaincode function, and the codedis1[i]code becomes an integer. For example, if codedistancode6.06, the codedis1[i]code will just be 6 when I debug it.  Here is the codep  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltcmathgt includeltiomanipgt using namespace std        int distancedouble x1,double x2,double y1,double y2     double k     kpowx1x2,2powy1y2,2     double distan     distansqrtk     return distan    int main      int n,k      double dis0.00     cingtgtn     double points[2][100]0.0     forint i0iltni         forint m0mlt2m         cingtgtpoints[m][i]          double dis1[100]0.0     int count0     forint i0iltn1i         forint r1rltnrampampcount         dis1[count]distancepoints[0][i],points[0][ir],points[1][i],points[1][ir]            forint i0iltcounti         ifdis1[i]gtdis             disdis1[i]                   cout ltlt fixed ltlt setprecision4 ltlt dis ltlt endl       return 0  codepre  pPlus, this code is to calculate the biggest distance from two sets of pointsx and y. Please help.p
Negative 3262 pI have a JSON decoded array in php with foreach that includes a select option in a form every time I select an option from this drop down it returns the last value in the list. Im trying to save the flatnumber,building,address1 variables. How do I go about thisp  precode    apiurl  httprest.apipostcode . urlencodeGET[postcode]     apijson  filegetcontentsapiurl     apiarray  jsondecodeapijson, true     address  apiarray[addresses]     foreachaddress as addresses     echo ltoptiongt.addresses[address].ltoptiongt         flatnumber  addresses[flatNumber]         address1  addresses[building]         address2  addresses[address1]         town  addresses[town]         county  addresses[county]      codepre  pHeres the arrayp  precode    Array  [links] gt Array  [0] gt Array  [queries] gt Array  [0] gt Array  [name] gt searchByPostcode [parameters] gt Array  [0] gt Array  [data] gt GL50 2Tj [name] gt postcode [validateAs] gt validateukPostcode     [rel] gt relsdomesticaddresslookup relsself [uri] gt httpb2jmj7l5rSw0yVbvlWAYkKYBwkamppostcode  [1] gt Array  [rel] gt relshome [uri] gt http   [addresses] gt Array  [0] gt Array  [address] gt 22, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [address1] gt Andover Road [building] gt 22 [county] gt Gloucestershire [deliveryPointSuffix] gt 1A [dependentLocality] gt [dependentThorofare] gt [doubleDependentLocality] gt [flatNumber] gt [houseName] gt [houseNumber] gt 22 [id] gt 22Andover RoadCHELTENHAMGloucestershireGL50 2TJ221AlElecMNoGasMNoIGT [igtWarning] gt Unknown [knownElectricityMeter] gt 1 [knownGasMeter] gt [name] gt 22, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [postCode] gt GL50 2TJ [town] gt CHELTENHAM  [1] gt Array  [address] gt 24, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [address1] gt Andover Road [building] gt 24 [county] gt Gloucestershire [deliveryPointSuffix] gt 1L [dependentLocality] gt [dependentThorofare] gt [doubleDependentLocality] gt [flatNumber] gt [houseName] gt [houseNumber] gt 24 [id] gt 24Andover RoadCHELTENHAMGloucestershireGL50 2TJ241LwElecMGasMNoIGT [igtWarning] gt NoIGT [knownElectricityMeter] gt 1 [knownGasMeter] gt 1 [name] gt 24, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [postCode] gt GL50 2TJ [town] gt CHELTENHAM  [2] gt Array  [address] gt Flat Above, 2426, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [address1] gt Andover Road [building] gt 2426 [county] gt Gloucestershire [deliveryPointSuffix] gt [dependentLocality] gt [dependentThorofare] gt [doubleDependentLocality] gt [flatNumber] gt Flat Above [houseName] gt [houseNumber] gt 2426 [id] gt Flat Above2426Andover RoadCHELTENHAMGloucestershireGL50 2TJ2426ElecMNoGasMNoIGT [igtWarning] gt Unknown [knownElectricityMeter] gt 1 [knownGasMeter] gt [name] gt Flat Above, 2426, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [postCode] gt GL50 2TJ [town] gt CHELTENHAM  [3] gt Array  [address] gt 2426, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [address1] gt Andover Road [building] gt 2426 [county] gt Gloucestershire [deliveryPointSuffix] gt 1B [dependentLocality] gt [dependentThorofare] gt [doubleDependentLocality] gt [flatNumber] gt [houseName] gt [houseNumber] gt 2426 [id] gt 2426Andover RoadCHELTENHAMGloucestershireGL50 2TJ24261BmElecMNoGasMNoIGT [igtWarning] gt Unknown [knownElectricityMeter] gt 1 [knownGasMeter] gt [name] gt 2426, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [postCode] gt GL50 2TJ [town] gt CHELTENHAM  [4] gt Array  [address] gt 26, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [address1] gt Andover Road [building] gt 26 [county] gt Gloucestershire [deliveryPointSuffix] gt 1N [dependentLocality] gt [dependentThorofare] gt [doubleDependentLocality] gt [flatNumber] gt [houseName] gt [houseNumber] gt 26 [id] gt 26Andover RoadCHELTENHAMGloucestershireGL50 2TJ261NyNoElecMGasMNoIGT [igtWarning] gt NoIGT [knownElectricityMeter] gt [knownGasMeter] gt 1 [name] gt 26, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [postCode] gt GL50 2TJ [town] gt CHELTENHAM  [5] gt Array  [address] gt 28, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [address1] gt Andover Road [building] gt 28 [county] gt Gloucestershire [deliveryPointSuffix] gt 1E [dependentLocality] gt [dependentThorofare] gt [doubleDependentLocality] gt [flatNumber] gt [houseName] gt [houseNumber] gt 28 [id] gt 28Andover RoadCHELTENHAMGloucestershireGL50 2TJ281EpElecMNoGasMNoIGT [igtWarning] gt Unknown [knownElectricityMeter] gt 1 [knownGasMeter] gt [name] gt 28, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [postCode] gt GL50 2TJ [town] gt CHELTENHAM  [6] gt Array  [address] gt 30, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [address1] gt Andover Road [building] gt 30 [county] gt Gloucestershire [deliveryPointSuffix] gt 1F [dependentLocality] gt [dependentThorofare] gt [doubleDependentLocality] gt [flatNumber] gt [houseName] gt [houseNumber] gt 30 [id] gt 30Andover RoadCHELTENHAMGloucestershireGL50 2TJ301FqElecMGasMNoIGT [igtWarning] gt NoIGT [knownElectricityMeter] gt 1 [knownGasMeter] gt 1 [name] gt 30, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [postCode] gt GL50 2TJ [town] gt CHELTENHAM  [7] gt Array  [address] gt 32, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [address1] gt Andover Road [building] gt 32 [county] gt Gloucestershire [deliveryPointSuffix] gt 1G [dependentLocality] gt [dependentThorofare] gt [doubleDependentLocality] gt [flatNumber] gt [houseName] gt [houseNumber] gt 32 [id] gt 32Andover RoadCHELTENHAMGloucestershireGL50 2TJ321GrElecMGasMNoIGT [igtWarning] gt NoIGT [knownElectricityMeter] gt 1 [knownGasMeter] gt 1 [name] gt 32, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [postCode] gt GL50 2TJ [town] gt CHELTENHAM  [8] gt Array  [address] gt Phoenix Inn, 36, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [address1] gt Andover Road [building] gt 36 [county] gt Gloucestershire [deliveryPointSuffix] gt [dependentLocality] gt [dependentThorofare] gt [doubleDependentLocality] gt [flatNumber] gt Phoenix Inn [houseName] gt [houseNumber] gt 36 [id] gt Phoenix Inn36Andover RoadCHELTENHAMGloucestershireGL50 2TJ36NoElecMGasMNoIGT [igtWarning] gt NoIGT [knownElectricityMeter] gt [knownGasMeter] gt 1 [name] gt Phoenix Inn, 36, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [postCode] gt GL50 2TJ [town] gt CHELTENHAM  [9] gt Array  [address] gt 36, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [address1] gt Andover Road [building] gt 36 [county] gt Gloucestershire [deliveryPointSuffix] gt 1P [dependentLocality] gt [dependentThorofare] gt [doubleDependentLocality] gt [flatNumber] gt [houseName] gt [houseNumber] gt 36 [id] gt 36Andover RoadCHELTENHAMGloucestershireGL50 2TJ361P0ElecMNoGasMNoIGT [igtWarning] gt Unknown [knownElectricityMeter] gt 1 [knownGasMeter] gt [name] gt 36, Andover Road, CHELTENHAM, Gloucestershire, GL50 2TJ [postCode] gt GL50 2TJ [town] gt CHELTENHAM    codepre
Negative 3262 pIs there a way to add HTML markup to the tooltip in materialize Im trying to arrange some data as definition list  inside a tooltip. I tried to add it directly into the datatooltip attribute but it doesnt seem to recognize the tags.p
Negative 3262 pThis seems like it should be simple, but I am having difficulty.p  pI need to select elements in my codeDOMcode that have both the codecheckboxcode and codeselectedcode class applied, so I am using the strongJavaScriptstrong codep  precodevar queries  .checkbox.selected for var i  0 i lt queries.length i      console.logqueries[i]  codepre  pwhich prints outp  precode[ltdiv classcheckbox selectedgtOption 1ltdivgt,   ltdiv classcheckbox selectedgtOption 2ltdivgt] codepre  pThe issue is, when I use codequeries[i].textcode inside the loop, I getp  precodeUncaught TypeError queries[i].text is not a function codepre  pSo it looks as if my codequeriescode is not a list of DOM objects. strongHow can this bestrong Ive tried this multiple ways I cant access the codeOption 1code or codeOption 2code text at all. emHas anyone run into this error Am I accessing the elements correctlyemp
Negative 3262 pIm new to swift, In my app I use push notification concept, when I get push notification read it by NSNotificationCenter function that time I display Hi message in alert view. but the alertview displayed again and again. here is my code. how to avoid alertview displayed multiple times.p  pstrongCodestrongp  precodeNSNotificationCenter.defaultCenter.removeObserverself, name response, object nil NSNotificationCenter.defaultCenter.addObserverself, selector incomingNotification, name response, object nil func incomingNotification       printlnGetting resp...     var resp1NSStringHi      ifself.appDelegate.pushflag  resp1              self.callhialert         func callhialert      alertUIAlertView  UIAlertView     alert.delegateself     alert.titleMessage     alert.messageHi     alert.tag1     alert.addButtonWithTitleOK     alert.show   codepre
Negative 3262 pI have multiple controller endpoints with routes like thisp  precode[Routeapimyobjectsaction1action2objectIds] codepre  pThey all have method signatures like this access modifier and return type omittedp  precodePost[ModelBindertypeofCommaDelimitedArrayModelBinder] int[] objectIds codepre  pThe custom modelbinder allows me to post to the endpoint like sop  precode..apimyobjectsaction1action21,2,3 codepre  pThis works great However, all these methods are ignored by the help pages documentation generating process.p  pIf I remove the modelbinder attribute like sop  precodePostint[] objectIds codepre  pIt still does not work. Only if I add code[FromUri]code to the parameter and delete codeobjectIdscode from the route attribute it will workp  precodePost[FromUri] int[] objectIds codepre  pBut this generates a uri that is unwanted like sop  precode..apimyobjectsaction1action2objectIds[0]objectIds[0]ampobjectIds[1]objectIds[1] codepre  hr  pHow can I get the help pages documentation process to recognise my endpointsp
Negative 3262 pVS2013 update 4, VB or C, EF 6.0, SQL, LINQp  pThis is a difficult question for me to ask in a clear manner because Im uncertain of the proper terms to use.  The sum of it is my code deletes items in a record, but sets the pointer in the secondary table to NULL instead of deleting the record there.  The following is a simple representation of my model and code.p  precodePublic Class DbContext   Public Property records As DbSetOf record End Class  Public Class record   Public Property recordID As Integer   Public Property DataItems As New ListOf DataItem End Class  Public Class DataItem   Public Property DataItemID As Integer   Public Property Data As Integer End Class codepre  pIf I execute code using a .Remove each record in records will end up with 0 DataItems I can see that in VS debug mode but the DataItem table is still full of records, all with NULL pointers.  strongThis paragraph changed after initial post amp incorrect code that was referred to in a comment was removedstrongp  pI understand that I could add the following to the Public Class DbContextp  precodePublic Property DataItems As DbSetOf DataItem codepre  pThen I could go through and remove all DataItems that have the NULL pointer, but this doesnt seem like the way its supposed to be done, so Im asking for help to understand how I should be coding in this situation.p  pIs there a proper way in LINQ to remove a record from a List such that the actual record is also removed instead of merely having the pointer set to NULLp
Negative 3262 pI know that JavaScript now has a hrefhttpsdeveloper.mozilla.orgenUSdocsWebJavaScriptReferenceGlobalObjectsSet relnofollowseta, but I wonder if there is something to realize the function of emmultiSetem, or there is some framework that has realized the functions of multiset which I really need a lot.p  pOr I have ro realize it by myself to do the research of emRedBlack Treeem pls help me, with great thanks.p
Negative 3262 pI would like to use the coderecvmmsgcode call to read multiple UDP messages from ONE single socket at once. Im reading data from a single multicast group.p  pWhen I read TCP data,  I usually use codepollselectcode  with a nonblocking socket and timeout  to be notified when that is ready to be read. I follow this approach as I am aware of the issue of spurious wakeup and potential troubles of having a blocking socket.p  pAs my application must be very quick, if I follow the same approach with coderecvmmsgcode I will introduce an extra system call codepollselectcode that might slow down the execution.p  pSo my two questions are the following p  ol liWith UDP, can I safely read from BLOCKING sockets using coderecvmmsgcode without codepollselectcode or do I have to apply the same principle Ive used for TCP nonblockingpoll li liSuppose I have a huge amount of multicast traffic, would you go for nonblocking socket  coderecvmmsgcode only no poll and burn a lot of CPUli ol  pI am using Linux CentOS 7 and Oracle Linux.p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to compile my led wrapper function program file with including stronglinuxleds.hstrong p  pusing including kernel space header files stronggcc I usrsrclinuxheaders3.13.044genericinclude example.cstrongp  pby compiling it flooded the console with errors in many headers file those are depended on leds.h. Can any one please help me to compile this C file which is using kernel space header files in user space.p  pThanks in advance. p
Negative 3262 pI would like to animate the resizing of a UICollectionViewCell. I have written the code below but cannot have the codereturncode line inside the animation block. Any ideasp  precodefunc collectionViewcollectionView UICollectionView, layout collectionViewLayout UICollectionViewLayout, sizeForItemAtIndexPath indexPath NSIndexPath gt CGSize       var newSize  CGSizewidth self.view.frame.width, height 0       UIView.animateWithDuration2.0, animations   gt Void in         return newSize        codepre
Negative 3262 pI do not know how save three variables firstName, lastName, sectionName to a file on the server from my javascript in the html file.  I do not know what needs to be in the javascript code, and in the server file, to print this information on a file on the server.p  pI am trying to create a 2 question math quiz that will check a response, and record student information information on the server so I can record their grade. So far, I have an index.html file where user enters their name and selects a quiz a section 1.1.html file that contains the quiz, and javascript to check their answers  when clicking the submit button and a studentList file that I want firstName, lastName, and sectionName recorded to on the server side.p  pIn the 1.1.html file, Everything works as far as generating numbers, checking answers, and displaying results to the user, however I cannot figure out how to store firstName, lastName, and sectionName variables declared globally in the script and retrieved using localStorage from the index.html page on the server.  Here is the code that isnt working note that if I remove the .post the code works up to the point of printing to a file on the server.p  pbetween script tags in the html filep  precodefunction getScoreform    format answers in answer blank 1   form.elements[0].value  form.elements[0].value.toUpperCase   form.elements[0].value  form.elements[0].value.replacesg,    score0   for i0 iltnumQues i      if form.elements[i].value  answers[i]        score           score  Math.roundscorenumQues100   if score  100     response  confirmCongratulations, you received a 100     record name and quiz number into file     jquery AJAX     .poststudentFileName,            firstname firstName       lastname lastName       sectionname sectionName         else     response  confirmYou received a   score  .  Please try again     if response  true        reset page with new numbers.       window.location.reload      else        take to main page       window.location.href  index.html          codepre  phere is the body of the html codep  precodeltbody onloadgetRandomNumthis.form getStudentthis.formgt ltform namequizgt 1. Write an expression for distance D traveled by an airplane ltigtin terms ofltigt its speed S and time T.  Use only the letters D, S, and T along with any operations you need such as , , , , , etc.ltbrgt ltinput typetext nameq1 size15 valuegt ltpgt  2. Evaluate the expression t  6ltsupgt2ltsupgt  12 ampdivide 3  7 forltdiv idrandNumgt ltdivgt  ltbrgt  ltinput typetext nameq2 size15 valuegt ltpgt  ltinput typebutton valueGet score onClickgetScorethis.formgt ltinput typereset valueCleargtltpgt ltformgt codepre  pand here is the codestudentFileNamecode document 1.1.htmlList.aspp  precodelt dim fname, lname, section fname  Request.FormfirstName lname  Request.FormlastName section  Request.FormsectionName Response.Writelname amp ,  amp fname amp ,  amp section gt codepre
Negative 3262 pHello so I have a code that will check if a codeusernamecode exists and if yes, I want to set the variable codevarcode to the present codeaccountIDcode of the existing codeusernamecode. If the codeusernamecode doesnt exist, I want the codeMAXcode of the latest codeaccountIDcode to increment. Here is my codep  precodecheckUname  conngtprepareSELECT accountID from accounts WHERE username checkUnamegtexecutearrayPOST[txtun] row  checkUnamegtfetchPDOFETCHASSOC ifrow gt 0      var  row[accountID]  else      getMax  conngtquerySELECT MAXaccountID as maxAccountID FROM accounts         row  getMaxgtfetchPDOFETCHASSOC             maxID  row[maxAccountID]             maxID          var  maxID   UpdateTable  conngtprepareUPDATE otherTable SET someField WHERE otherTableID UpdateTablegtexecutearrayvar, POST[tableID] codepre  pNow my problem here is, what if 2 or more users will click and run the code above at the same time Will there be issues on the codeincrementingcode IDp
Negative 3262 pIm gonna create an app that supports both iPhone amp iPad. Before proceeding, I just want to know the best practices about both app development.p  pstrongHere is some points that I knowstrongp  ul liConsider that I have a tableview that shows N number of records and say it as PAGE1. When the user tapping on the cell, it will load the PAGE2 to show details about the tapped record. This is more common scenario that used in every app.li liFor iPad, this is not the case. I can show PAGE1 along with PAGE2 in the same page.Consider landscape modeli liSo, iPhones PAGE1 will be displayed in the left panel of the iPad amp iPhones PAGE2 will be displayed in the right side panel of the iPad.li ul  pstrongConclusionstrongp  ul liSo, I can make a common class for both iPhone amp iPad. That will handle the PAGE1s common functionality to both iPhone amp iPad.li liThe device specific functionality may separated into separate classes for both iPhone and iPad. li liOther than that, network related methods, parsers, utility methods, categories, custom controllers can be written commonly for both iPhone amp iPad.li liThe only addon to the iPad is, it should have a controller that will hold and handle PAGE1 and PAGE2. This make sures that the PAGE1 does not hold PAGE2 and they both are independent like iPhones PAGE1 amp PAGE2.li ul  pRefer the below attached image that will demonstrate clearly.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comat6qq.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comat6qq.jpg altenter image description hereap  pstrongQuestionsstrongp  ul liIs this approach correctli liI really dont know about iPads Container controller. Should I need it Or is there any other better proposal to group the things effectivelyli ul  pThis may be a basic question, but I need a clarification for better code pratice. p  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI want to display some dynamic data for that if field is empty I want to show ABC is required on load of page it self .p  pHow do I do that p
Negative 3262 pThis is the first time, i am using ck editor in my project.p  pNeed to add new  fonts in ck editor combo fonts list.p  pI am waiting for your answerp  padvance thanks friends..p
Negative 3262 pI am developing a spring boot application, using boot v 1.2.5,  using thymeleaf as the view technologyp  pIn my Mvc Configuration filep  precodeConfiguration public class MVCConfig extends WebMvcConfigurerAdapter    Override public void addViewControllersViewControllerRegistry registry      registry.addViewControllermessage.setViewNamemessage     registry.addViewControllererror.setViewNameerrorserror     registry.addViewControllerlogin.setViewNameauthenticationlogin  codepre  pThe problem is that the first and last mapping is working fine, but the middle one error is not working at all p  pI am using the same rules as the other two templates, same prefix, same directory structure, so it is supposed to work like the other two  But, when i point my browser to error, spring boot show the fallback error page saying that there is no mapping for errorp  pwhen i change it to  coderegistry.addViewControllererror.setViewNameerrorserrorcodep  pit works fine for errorsp  pSpring boot documentation states about the error handling For browser clients there is a whitelabel error view that renders the same data in HTML format to customize it just add a View that resolves to error.p  pso, it says to add a view that resolve to error, thats what i did, but it does not work p  pso, what is the problem why error does not workp
Negative 3262 pIs there any Open Graph parameter fetching platform that would return the OG parameters of a WebUrl as well as an image that is hosted on a CDN.p  pCan I use a hrefhttpsdevelopers.facebook.comtoolsdebug relnofollowstrongFacebook Open Graphstronga parser for my own web app and if so, how do I do it p  pThough there are a few code implementations listed  a hrefhttpogp.me relnofollowogp.mea but I do not wish to handle the server and CDN management. p
Negative 3262 pI am planning to implement Swagger for our REST APIs. But the main worry we have is, did swagger slows down the service.  1 .Since the swagger annotations will be placed on the REST calls, so will they will be called every time we hit a REST service or will it be called only when there is change in service signature . Will this extra overhead on the service signature will effect the response time performance of the service. p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to scrape the html content at this url a hrefhttpwww.dlib.orgdlibnovember14beel11beel.html relnofollowhttpwww.dlib.orgdlibnovember14beel11beel.htmla with this Python sintaxp  precode    shttpwww.dlib.orgdlibnovember14beel11beel.html     content  requests.gets     tree  html.fromstringcontent.text     titoli  tree.xpathhtmlbodyformtable[3]trtdtable[5]trtdtable[1]trtd[2]h3text     par  tree.xpathhtmlbodyformtable[3]trtdtable[5]trtdtable[1]trtd[2]ptext     articoli  json.dumpstitolititoli,contenutipar     print Contenttype json     print     print articoli codepre  pThe main request is to find a XPath query for return every tags, tags content and text inside the most useful div of the page, you can find it with this path htmlbodyformtable[3]trtdtable[5] or using a web inspector under the commented line  CONTENT TABLE . With the code ive posted before is not possible to get the entire content of the div but only titles and text inside the p div, now i cant find another way.p
Negative 3262 pI have an uncompressed Parquet file which has crawler log sort of data.p  pI import it into Spark via PySpark asp  pcodesq  SQLContextsc  p  sq.read.parquetpathtostoredasparquettableinhive  p.take1.showcodep  pThis shows strings in the source data converted to p  pcodeRowhostbytearraybsomehostname, checksumbytearraybstuff...codep  pWhen I do p.dtypes I seep  pcodehost binary, checksum binary .....codep  pWhat can I do to avoid this conversion or alternately how do I convert back to what I need p  pi.e. when I do p.dtypes I want to seep  pcodehost string, checksum string ....codep  pThanks.p
Negative 3262 pWhen using codexunit.runner.visualstudiocode version 2.0.1 in Visual Studio 2015, the names of the tests show up fully qualified.  Is there a way for the tests to show only the method namep  pConsider the following test p  pcodenamespace MySolution.Tests      public class MyTestClass              [Fact]         public void ClassUnderTestWhenDefaultConstructorUsedSomePropertyIsNotNull                      ... test code in here                codep  pIn the Test Explorer this shows as p  precodeMySolution.Tests.MyTestClass.ClassUnderTestWhenDefaultConstructorUsedSomePropertyIsNotNull codepre  pUsing MSTestVSTest this will show up as p  precodeClassUnderTestWhenDefaultConstructorUsedSomePropertyIsNotNull codepre
Negative 3262 pIm workin in a mobile application with DRF as backend and using codenaturaltimecode builtin function, but since this is a mobile app, screen space is a big problem atleast for me. So for an arbitrary date I getp  precode1 week, 2 days ago codepre  pWhich is nice, but I wonder if it is possible getp  precode1w, 2d ago codepre  pI know I could replace words in string, but I hope theres a better way. Any suggestion Thanksp
Negative 3262 pI have been trying to show bbpress user profile details using a shortcode but I am unable to execute this. Any help will be appreciative. p  pI wrote this shortcode p  precodeaddshortcodemyprofile, showbbprofile function showbbprofile  obstartgt ltdiv idbbpressforumsgt      ltphp doaction bbptemplatenotices  gt      ltdiv idbbpuserwrappergt         ltphp bbpgettemplatepart user, details  gt          ltdiv idbbpuserbodygt             ltphp if  bbpisfavorites                  bbpgettemplatepart user, favorites        gt             ltphp if  bbpissubscriptions              bbpgettemplatepart user, subscriptions    gt             ltphp if  bbpissingleusertopics         bbpgettemplatepart user, topicscreated   gt             ltphp if  bbpissingleuserreplies        bbpgettemplatepart user, repliescreated  gt             ltphp if  bbpissingleuseredit           bbpgettemplatepart form, useredit        gt             ltphp if  bbpissingleuserprofile        bbpgettemplatepart user, profile          gt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt ltphp output  obgetcontents obendclean return output  codepre  pAnd I am able to get the user profile page but links do not work at all. Here is an example a hrefhttpempgroupdev.comforumuserprofile relnofollowhttpempgroupdev.comforumuserprofileap  pThanksp
Negative 3262 pI have a system that pushes work items into Visual Studio Online VSO.  Is it possible to add a user that does not have its own email to the project So I dont have to use my own user for this servicep  pAll I want is to add a user with alternative credentials who is not a actual person.p
Negative 3262 pI have an oAuth implementation that works 99 of the time. When it gets into trouble, it is always around refreshing the token over a bad network. My problem comes when the token refresh call does not return. At that point I have no way of knowing where in the flow the call failed. p  pa If the call failed before it got to the server, I should reissue my token update. p  pb If the call failed on its way back from the server, no matter what I do I am forced to log the user out because all the tokens I have are now invalidated and I did not receive the new tokens.p  pCurrently I am reissuing the refresh token call because it has the greatest chance for success. How do most apps handle this situation Seems like something that would be an issue for most mobile apps, yeah p
Negative 3262 pI am trying to generate select form inputs and options.  However, its not working.  From what I can see the forward slash to close the html tags for select and option are causing the error.  How do I fix thisp    pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecode macro renderselectcosts       for cost in costs          ltoption value cost.id gt cost.agegender ltoptiongt      endfor   endmacro  codepre    pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecode set myselect  macros.renderselectcosts   ltdiv classformgroupgt ltpgtSelect a family sizeltpgt  ltselect namefamsize classfamsizegt     ltoption value0 selectedgtfamily sizeltoptiongt  for x in range1,13      ltoption value x gt x ltoptiongt  endfor      ltselectgt ltdivgt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt .famsize.changefunction    .family.empty   .mystatus.empty   var famsize  .famsize optionselected.val   .mystatus.appendfamsize     iffamsizegt0        fori0iltfamsizei           var selector  ltselectgt.attrid, i.htmlmyselect           .family.appendselector           .family.appendltbrgt            ltscriptgt ltdiv classfamilygtltdivgt ltdiv classmystatusgtltdivgt codepre  pI have also tried this variantp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt .famsize.changefunction    .family.empty   .mystatus.empty   var famsize  .famsize optionselected.val   var selector   myselect    .mystatus.appendfamsize     iffamsizegt0        fori0iltfamsizei           .family.appendltselectgt  selector  ltselectgt            ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI want to find out if the default browser is Google Chrome on a Mac OS X machine before the script executes.p  pHow can I do it thanksp
Negative 3262 pMy question i hope is very simple for solution.p  pI try thisp  p1 I have wrong imported project X from folder this project is inside a folder and the icon is the simple folder with Android Studio.p  p2 I delete this project from Android Studio for try to import the second time.p  pNow i try to reimport againp  p3 When i go to search again project X now i see the icon Android Studio not a icon folder.p  pSo my question is..Android Studio save some setting for this project and how i can delete allp
Negative 3262 pI have the present structure nowBR strongwww.site.comreportddmmyyyystrongBR BR exBR www.site.comreport01012015BR www.site.comreport05012015BR BR and I would like to move all the reports directory into a main directory strongreportsstrongBRp  pstrongwww.site.comreportsreportddmmyyyystrongBR BR exBR www.site.comreportsreport01012015BR www.site.comreportsreport05012015BR BR Many users have the old format in their bookmarks, so I need htaccess to detect that someone tried to access strongwww.site.comreportddmmyyyystrong and show the content of strongreportsreportddmmyyyystrong without changing the browser URL.p  pIs it possible I have been Googling for a long time but maybe I am not searching correctly. Could someone please point me in the right wayp
Negative 3262 pI have a fileupload which loses its content on button click. I have a confirm button to freeze the page from user making any further changes. Once the changes are finalized, the button shall be renamed from Apply to Submit. But during this transition Autopostback, fileupload loses its content.p  pTo avoid this autopostback, I tried to fix this using javascript by freezing the textboxes and other controls but the button name doesnt change.p  precodeif document.getElementByIdltSubmit.ClientIDgt.value  Apply      ....     document.getElementByIdltRemarks.ClientIDgt.disabled  false     document.getElementByIdltSubmit.ClientIDgt.value  Submit     return false  return true codepre  pI also tried to use the below code snippet but dint work either. In both the cases, the text boxes were disabled but the button name dint change.p  precodeif document.getElementByIdltSubmit.ClientIDgt.value  Apply      ....     document.getElementByIdltRemarks.ClientIDgt.disabled  false     document.getElementByIdltSubmit.ClientIDgt.innerHTML  Submit     return false  return true codepre  pHave referred few sites but most of them suggest to use value or innerHTML. Not sure why it dint work here. Anything else am I missingp  pPlease suggest how to fix this. p
Negative 3262 pHere is my url p  pFor Login  codehttplocalhostanglogincodep  pFor Dashboard  codehttplocalhostangdashboardcodep  pHere is my html for body tagp  pp  pIf this is current url is codehttplocalhostanglogincode then the body should have the codeclassloginlayoutcode  tag i.e., p  precodeltbody ngcloak classloginlayoutgt codepre  pelse it should have p  precodeltbody ngcloak classnoskingt codepre  pI tried to take do this in php by i cant take the url after codecode a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq23175084044949like said hereap  pstrongIs this possible to do in AngularJS itself strong p  pstrongUpdate strong p  pI tried to do this in AngularJSp  pFrom the controller i can get the url after codecodep  precodevar nextUrl  next.route.originalPath                    codepre  pbut how can i change the class name.. p
Negative 3262 pIm not very familiar with woocommerce, and therefore i ask if someone here knows what to do.p  pIm creating a website for a travel agent, and they sell trips, i decided to use woocommerce for them but im having issues with the checkout.p  pIts a single trip booking site, so the user selects how many adults, how many children gets a price and can book. But it seems that the trip Cart Content is stuck in the cart all the time, so if the user for an example cancels and does the process again, the old booking remains in the cart.p  pIs there a way around this, so if the user hits back, or doesnt complete the order the cart will not store the other order details or cart content .p
Negative 3262 pI have an application which sends a GET request to a link and get some JSON data back from the server, then saves them in a List of Posts a custom Java object and show the result in activity...p  pThe problem is, it shows me the cached result So if I change something in that JSON file, it takes a while for my application to show those changesp  pIm using codeHttpURLConnectioncode for connecting to the server, and I also tried using code.setUseCachescodep  precodeURL url  new URLurlString HttpURLConnection connection  HttpURLConnection url.openConnection  connection.setDefaultUseCachesfalse connection.setUseCachesfalse ... ... codepre  pBut it didnt work either...p  pWhat should I dop  h3EDIT I forgot to mentionh3  pAfter I change that value and open the JSON file in PCs browser any browser, I see the new result, not the cached one... But Android uses the cached versionp
Negative 3262 pI would like to know whether it is possible to measure how much energy is flowing in a mobile device IOS or Android when it is charging  In watt per Hour or MilliAmperes per Hour for exemple.p  pBasically I would like to measure how much electricity I have taken from my charge. Is there a native or low level API for that p  pthanks for yout helpp
Negative 3262 pMy idea was to convert the currently stored procedure what Ive defined before. The intention is, that I cant return the data from the database with the stored procedure. The reasons for this purpose was leaving in the query. I need to convert an existing table to a pivot table and after that I have to return the data via ASP.NET WebAPI. This pivot table is dynamically that means when the user adds a new article then it will be added in the pivot table as a column.p  pThe normal table looks like as followsp  precodedatum       rate      article  20130103   97,766..  DE011 20130105   90.214..  DE090 20130110   97,890..  DE011 20130113   65,023..  DE220 20130113   97,012..  DE300 20130115   97,344..  DE300 .... codepre  pthe pivot table should looks like as followsp  precoderate  DE011  ...  DE090  ...  DE220  ...  DE300  100     0    ...    1    ...    0    ...    0  98     2    ...    0    ...    1    ...    0  97     0    ...    0    ...    0    ...    2  90     0    ...    1    ...    0    ...    4 ... codepre  pthe column codedatumcode is important for the pivot table because the user have to take some input in the angular view.. in this example the user is choosing codedateFromcode and codedateTocode inputs. The rate will round the numbers how you can see in the pivot column coderatecode.The article descriptions are in the new table column titles and the rate will count for each article.p  pMy stored procedure works fine in SQL Server. But after the SP was imported to the EDM Model the Entity Framework defined a return type codeINTcode and that is impossible for my purposes.p  pHere is the code of EFp  precode public virtual int getMonthIsinNullableltSystem.DateTimegt fromDate, NullableltSystem.DateTimegt toDate                      var fromDateParameter  fromDate.HasValue                  new ObjectParameterfromDate, fromDate                  new ObjectParameterfromDate, typeofSystem.DateTime              var toDateParameter  toDate.HasValue                  new ObjectParametertoDate, toDate                  new ObjectParametertoDate, typeofSystem.DateTime              return IObjectContextAdapterthis.ObjectContext.ExecuteFunctiongetMonthIsin, fromDateParameter, toDateParameter          codepre  pI also have tried the .SqlQuery in my WebAPIController as followsp  precodereturn db.Database.SqlQueryltIQueryablegtEXEC getMonthIsin fromDate, toDate, fromDate, toDate.AsQueryable codepre  pBut it doesnt work.p  pWell, now the idea is to try a LINQ query and get the return values. I dont have any idea to implement this p  pCurrently Ive tried approximately this LINQ queryp  precodepublic IQueryable getDatasDateTime fromDate, DateTime toDate     var query  from t in db.table1                where t.datum gt fromDate ampamp t.datum lt toDate                group t by t.article                  into grp                  select new                                       articles  grp.Key,                     rate  grp.Selectg gt g.rate,                     total  grp.Selectg gt g.rate.AsQueryable                       return query  codepre  pBut this isnt really the correct return. It would be very helpful when anyone can help me I will upvoted each good answerp
Negative 3262 pI am very confused about ip addresses and headers. So Im sorry if my question seems simple. p  pI have gone through the answers listed here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions14843232howtogettheuseripaddressinmeteorserverHow to get the user IP address in Meteor serverap  pBut I cant figure out how to make them work. For example, I am trying to use thisp  precodeMeteor.onConnectionfunctionconn      console.logconn.clientAddress  codepre  pBut nowhere can I find where to place it. p  pIf I place it on the client side it says Meteor.onConnection is undefined. If I place it on the server nothing happens. I dont think you run it on meteor.startup. p  pIs there someone could give me a hand in explaining where to use this code Specifically if anyone has built a custom tracking system, that would be great. Do you store ips into database or how to record for tracking purposes p  pAny hint will help thanks p
Negative 3262 pI have this codep  precodevaldatefrom  strtotime20150101 valdatefrom  dateYmd,valdatefrom  valdateto  strtotime20150930 valdateto  dateYmd,valdateto  dsdate  strtotime20150107 dsdate  dateYmd,dsdate  echo valdatefrom .gt. dsdate .ampamp. valdateto .lt. dsdate.ltbrgt vardumpvaldatefrom gt dsdate ampamp valdateto lt dsdate vardumpvaldatefrom gt dsdate vardumpvaldateto lt dsdate  ifvaldatefrom gt dsdate ampamp valdateto lt dsdate    some codes if true  codepre  pI am sure my code is correct giving the exact value but still it gives me a codenullcode value.. I tried to debug my code and this is the result for codevardumpcodep  precode20150101gt20150107ampamp20150930lt20150107 boolfalse boolfalse boolfalse  20150101gt20150108ampamp20150930lt20150108 boolfalse boolfalse boolfalse  codepre  pany idea about thisp
Negative 3262 pIm working on Offline Data Synchronization using JSON Store in IBM MobileFirst. I have gone through this site but still I need more info to complete this scenario. a hrefhttpswww01.ibm.comsupportknowledgecenterSSHS8R7.0.0com.ibm.worklight.apiref.docapirefcclientapi.html relnofollowhttpswww01.ibm.comsupportknowledgecenterSSHS8R7.0.0com.ibm.worklight.apiref.docapirefcclientapi.htmlap  pSuggest me from where should I start to complete this or is there any prerequisites to do work with this one.p  pCorrect me if Im wrong Offline data Sync concept only applying for NoSQL databases. Why because  i gone through this site a hrefhttpsdeveloper.ibm.commobilefirstplatformdocumentationgettingstarted70datajsonstorejsonstorejavaapisample relnofollowhttpsdeveloper.ibm.commobilefirstplatformdocumentationgettingstarted70datajsonstorejsonstorejavaapisamplea which is dealing wth collections.  Collections concept in there in NOSQL I think.p
Negative 3262 pI have a custom page in Opencart Id like to use for a campaign, with the aim of getting people to register on the site.p  pMy custom page is a hrefhttpwww.autohouseexpress.comindex.phproutecustomhelloworld relnofollowhttpwww.autohouseexpress.comindex.phproutecustomhelloworldap  pThe question now is, how do I add the registration form to that pagep  pDo I copy the content from the registration.tpl alonep  pThank you.p
Negative 3262 pI just created a WordPress website using Google App Engine for PHP and Cloud SQL service for MySQL backend. It doesnt have large content. It just starter website with buddypress. But strongits too slow to load a webpage on firsttime.strong Since am using some recommended cache plugins its pretty decent on repeated page hits.p  pI almost tried everything recommended. But still its slow. Can you please anyone give me a solution.p  pAlready cloud sql server is on preferred location of app engine only.p  pIs Google App Engine amp Cloud SQL combo not good for WordPressp
Negative 3262 pI have an ASP.NET button that takes 12 seconds of server side processing.  To prevent multiple clicks, I disable the button like belowp  precodeltaspButton TextClick Me runatserver IDbtnClickMe OnClickbtnClickMeClick UseSubmitBehaviorfalse OnClientClickthis.disabled  true gt  protected btnClickMeClickobject sender, EventArgs e      Thread.Sleep2000  Simulate work     Response.RedirectAnotherPage.aspx  codepre  pHow can I reenable the button when the user clicks the browsers back buttonp  pI tried setting the button enable to true in the PageLoad event but that didnt work.p
Negative 3262 pwhat I am trying to do is change the font of the tablesection headers. It only takes the text of the header as parameter so there is no way to customize it. I know I can do it with a custom renderer but I am not sure how to call a custom renderer for tablesection. Any insight would be helpfull.p  pThanks in advance. p
Negative 3262 pI have one function written in c. Basically the function fetches the record from MySQL and generate a file with data. All I want to do is, I want to download that generated file when I click on Download button on my website.p  pIs it possible to call .cs file from PHPp  pPlease help me.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 3262 pIm compiling an Ionic 1.1.0 app in Xcode 7 for an iOS 9 device. However images coming through Cloudfront CDN are not appearing. The error message isp  pNSURLSessionNSURLConnection HTTP load failed kCFStreamErrorDomainSSL, 9802p  pI am sending https versions of the URL though for these images. For example a hrefhttpsabcxyx.cloudfront.net relnofollowhttpsabcxyx.cloudfront.neta...p  pIve tried the recommendation from here a hrefhttpswww.stuartbreckenridge.comapptransportsecuritycloudfront relnofollowhttpswww.stuartbreckenridge.comapptransportsecuritycloudfronta But it did not work.p  pJust as a test I set NSAllowsArbitraryLoads to true and that did work. But of course thats not a production solution that will get accepted in the App Store.p  pHere is an excerpt from my plistp  precodeltdictgt ltkeygt[SUBDOMAIN].cloudfront.netltkeygt ltdictgt ltkeygtNSIncludesSubdomainsltkeygt lttruegt ltkeygtNSExceptionAllowsInsecureHTTPLoadsltkeygt lttruegt ltkeygtNSExceptionRequiresForwardSecrecyltkeygt ltfalsegt ltkeygtNSTemporaryExceptionRequiresForwardSecrecyltkeygt ltfalsegt codepre  pp  pAnyone seen this or have ideasp
Negative 3262 pSo i just updated to xCode 7 opened my xCode project and of course it all went to hell.  Ive imported the new Alamofire.xcodeproj and linked the proper binaries.  My old code to get data from web service was this and i cant figure out why it doesnt like itp  pError Tuple types NSURLRequest, NSHTTPURLResponse,......p  pMy original Alamofire request is below  How do i modify to get the results with with what i think is swift 2, Xcode 7 and latest alamorefire.xcodeprojp  precodeAlamofire.request.GET, URL, parameters [vID emptyString, action GetDetails]             .responseJSON  request, response, data, error in                 printdata                  printrequest                  let json  JSONobject data                 if let appName  json[0][vTitle].stringValue                      self.items.removeAtIndex0                     let dataArray  data as NSArray                        for item in dataArray   loop through data items                          var vTitle  item[vTitle] as String                         var vLocation  item[vLocation] as String                         var vID  item[vID] as String                           self.items.append[sTitle, sID]                          self.vendorLabel.text  vTitle                         self.locationLabel.text  vLocation                          self.vendorLabelIPad.text  vTitle                         self.vendorLabelIPad.text  vLocation                           let obj  item as NSDictionary                                                     codepre
Negative 3262 pHow can I use thisp  precodeselect name from [linkedserver3].master.sys.databases select name from [linkedserver4].master.sys.databases select name from [linkedserver5].master.sys.databases codepre  pto make thisp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comF0RiP.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comF0RiP.png altpivotap  pIs there a way to use a pivot to do thisp  pI was trying to create a temp table, but with sintax errors  obviously p  precodecreate table temp     SQL3 NVARCHAR200,      SQL4 NVARCHAR200,      SQL5 NVARCHAR200        GO  INSERT INTO temp   SQL3 select name from [linkedserver3].master.sys.databases,NULL,NULL GO  INSERT INTO temp   SQL4 NULL,select name from [linkedserver4].master.sys.databases,NULL GO  INSERT INTO TEMP SQL5 NULL,NULL,select name from [linkedserver5].master.sys.databases GO  DROP TABLE TEMP codepre  pIs there a way to codePIVOTcode and then codeUNPIVOTcodep
Negative 3262 pI am working on ADF project. In which Dynamic Region and Bounded Task flow has been using. Now I have a requirement if Back button of browser in clicked then user should log out and land on Login.jsf page again. For this task I have read one article a hrefhttpandrejusb.blogspot.in201107howtohandlewebbrowserbuttonsin.html relnofollowhttpandrejusb.blogspot.in201107howtohandlewebbrowserbuttonsin.htmla and tried to do the same thing.  I was able to pop up the alert window successfully. But when i click on Leave Page then it does not send the navigation to Login.jsf page.  Please let me know how to manage the confirm box event. p
Negative 3262 pIm trying to use codepyodbccode to connect python to a MSSQL server. The development system is running Python 2.7 with Anaconda virtualenv on Mac OSX Yosemite.p  pExecuting the following codep  precodeconnection  pyodbc.connectDRIVERFreeTDSSERVER192.168.1.106PORT1433DATABASEmyDBUIDmyUsernamePWDmyPasswordCHARSETUTF8TDSVersion8.0 codepre  pgives the errorp  precode[unixODBC][FreeTDS][SQL Server]Unable to connect to data source 0 SQLDriverConnect codepre  pWhy is this causing an errorp  hr  pI have also installed codeunixodbccode and codefreetds withunixodbccode via codehomebrewcode, and configured the followingp  pstrong.odbc.inistrongp  precode[odbc1] Driver  FreeTDS Server  192.168.1.106 Port    1433 TDSVersion  8.0 codepre  pstrongusrlocaletcfreetds.confstrongp  precode[global]      TDS protocol version     tds version  8.0 codepre  pcodepyodbccode package is manually installed using codepython setup.py installcodep  pstrongVerifystrongp  precode isql odbc1 myUsername myPass   Connected                                                                      sqlstatement                           help [tablename]                        quit                                                                            SQLgt  codepre  pstrongVerify FreeTDSstrongp  precode tsql S sqlserver U myUsername P myPassword locale is enUS.UTF8 locale charset is UTF8 using default charset UTF8 1gt  codepre  pThere is also no problem connecting to MS SQL server using a software called Navicatp  pHow can we troubleshoot the connection problemp
Negative 3262 pI am trying to parse a HTML document and get the links from it. I used codeorg.w3c.tidy.Tidycodes  codeparseDOMis, nullcode for it. It is working fine with all the HTML documents, except for those which has JQuery Failback statements like belowp  precodeltscript srcajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.9.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgtwindow.jQuery  document.writeltscript srcsitesallmodulesjqueryupdatereplacejquery1.9jquery.min.jsgtx3Cscriptgtltscriptgt codepre  pHowever, If i change codex3Cscriptgtcode to codeltscriptgtcode in above, then it works fine.p  pI Googled a lot to fix the issue using Tidy I cannot use other APIs. But only solution i found is by using codetidy.setXmlTagstruecode I am not sure If codetidy.setXmlTagstruecodeworks in all the cases for parsing HTML files. Does anyone knows, If any other solutions using Tidy to parse the above HTML snippet without any issue or if only solution is setXmlTags, then it wont create any side effect for other HTML docsp  pBelow is the Example of the XML Doxumentp  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltscript srcajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.9.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgtwindow.jQuery  document.writeltscript srcsitesallmodulesjqueryupdatereplacejquery1.9jquery.min.jsgtx3Cscriptgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt Test lta hrefwww.google.comgtGoogleltagt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pI am using the code given at below link to parse document and get the linksp  pa hrefhttpwww.1java2c.comOpenSourceJavaDocumentWebCrawlerJoBonetmatuschekhtmlHtmlDocument.java.htm relnofollowhttpwww.1java2c.comOpenSourceJavaDocumentWebCrawlerJoBonetmatuschekhtmlHtmlDocument.java.htmap  pBelow is my main method code.p  precodeimport java.io.File import java.io.IOException import java.io.InputStream import java.net.URL import java.util.Vector  import org.apache.commons.io.IOUtils  public class LinksMain      public static void mainString[] args throws IOException          try               URL baseUrl  new Filedtest.html.toURI.toURL             InputStream is  baseUrl.openStream             byte[] bytes  IOUtils.toByteArrayis             is.close             HtmlDocument hd  new HtmlDocumentbaseUrl,bytes,UTF8             VectorltURLgt links  hd.getLinks             System.err.printlnFound links   links          catch Exception e              e.printStackTrace                codepre
Negative 3262 pI have a json string enclosed in single quotes. Hence i am escaping single quotes inside string with a single backslash.p  pWhen i write the output to a file, it writes two backslashes in the place of one.p  pA simplified example looks like,p  precodeimport re re.subr, r, abcd codepre  pIt writes to the file,p  precodeabcd codepre  pBut i prefer it to write,p  precodeabcd codepre
Negative 3262 pWhy doesnt this code work on android 6 marshmallow Api 23 It does not throw an Exception but the code within callStateListener does not work.p  precodeTelephonyManager telephonyManager  TelephonyManager getSystemServiceContext.TELEPHONYSERVICE PhoneStateListener callStateListener  new PhoneStateListener      Override     public void onCallStateChangedint state, String incomingNumber          iflogAtive Log.iLOGTAG,incomingNumber     state         ifstateTelephonyManager.CALLSTATERINGING             Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext,Hey, receive your call. Phone is ringing.,                     Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                  ifstateTelephonyManager.CALLSTATEOFFHOOK             Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext,You are in a call. ,                     Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                  ifstateTelephonyManager.CALLSTATEIDLE             Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext,You are in idle state ,                     Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                 telephonyManager.listencallStateListener, PhoneStateListener.LISTENCALLSTATE codepre  pPermissionsp  precodeltusesfeature androidnameandroid.hardware.telephony androidrequiredtrue gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.READPHONESTATE gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.MODIFYPHONESTATE gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.CALLPHONE gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.PROCESSINCOMINGCALLS gt codepre  pIt works perfectly in Android 5.1.1 but not in 6 API Level 23p
Negative 3262 pI am developing a windows runtime app for windows phone, i need to scale the text based on the screen dimension.p  pfor handle the image scaling i have used the 3 folderscale100, scale140 and scale240p  pIn the app I have different style for different kind of texttitle, subtitle...p  pis there any way to apply different style based on the screen sizep
Negative 3262 pI need to convert code in a batch file from ftp to sftp. The current code is  ftp id ssftpFPCert.txt . How do I rewrite it to sftp p
Negative 3262 pI was trying to write a Matlab wrapper for the SoundTouch DLL but Matlab does not support C syntax and classes, so I was not able to load the library.p  pHas someone already found a workaround for thatp
Negative 3262 pI am using jqgrid on my form and I am creating the column delete and want to send the object in javascript function, the code is followingp  precode                      name action,                     align center,                      sortable false,                     title false,                     fixed true,                     search false,                     formatter function cellValue, options, rowObject                          debugger                         var markup  lta titleToolTip hrefHrefgtTextltagt                         var replacements                               Text lti classfa fatrash stylecolorblackgtltigt,                             ToolTip UserRoles.messages ampamp UserRoles.messages.ClickHereToDelete                                  UserRoles.messages.ClickHereToDelete  ,                             Href javascriptUserRoles.deleteUserRoles  rowObject                                                    markup  markup.replacewg, function all                              return replacements[all]                                                  return markup                                       codepre  pI want to send the object in the function deleteUserRole by this linep  precodeHref javascriptUserRoles.deleteUserRoles  rowObject   codepre  pbut it is giving me output p  precodelta title hrefjavascriptUserRoles.deleteUserRoles[object object]gtlti classfa fatrash stylecolorblackgtltigtltagt codepre  pcan any one help mep
Negative 3262 pHave a very simple task that for some reason is not working. What we are trying to do is allow the user to create an object in this case a filter, add it to an Angular drop down, and then set the drop down to that user created value.p  pEverything is working except the setting of the drop down. The response.data parameter has the correct value of the ID. In fact if we hard code this value into that line it updates the drop down. But trying to set this through a variable causes the drop down value to not be set.p  pCode belowp  precodehttp.postltapicallurlgt, filterSaveObject.       thenfunction response            scope.filtersDataSource.read           scope.selectedFilter    selectedFilter is the ngmodel           scope.selectedFilter.ID  response.data  this line causing issues       , function response            alertAt least one filter is required          codepre  pMy best guess is that the model is not ready and so that is why we can statically set it but not through the response.data call. Any ideas would be greatly appreciatedp  pEDIT Adding code for drop downp  precodeltselect kendodropdownlist filterDropdownList koptionsfilterDropdownOptions kdatasourcefiltersDataSource kngmodelselectedFiltergtltselectgt codepre
Negative 3262 pI would like to make my WordPress blog installed on Localhost to push into GitHub and run that on GitHub as a static page. Can I do it, and if yes please give me a detailed answer with the steps and problems involvedp  pI dont care if my page is static, but will I be able to host it on GitHub pagesp
Negative 3262 pIm currently using ASP .NET MVC and Web API 2 in parallel in a project Im working on. p  pId like to be able to include links to certain MVC Actions from within my API responses, as these actions often relate to the resources being provided.p  pThe issue is that I have no MVC HttpContext from within Web API, so I cannot use the Url.Action method to generate links. My only other option is to manuallyhardcode the links but Id rather not take this approach as it doesnt scale.p  pAny way to spawn a MVC HttpContextRequestContextp
Negative 3262 pIn the well known TortoiseHare algorithm, why does the hare need to move at twice the speed of the tortoise when I tried to implement it at first, I tried to simply move the hare one ahead of the tortoise, not at twice the speed, and that  didnt work.  p
