Positive 387 pi have an echo file that output a random line from a random.txtp  precodeecho var4  sed n 1RANDOMwc l random.txt  cut f 1 d  p random.txt codepre  pEverytime the echo var4 gives a random line of the file random.txtp  pNow i have another file playlist.txtp  pInside the file playlist ive setted p  precodearandom brandom crandom drandom codepre  pand so on...p  pWhat i want is to replace the random on a,b,c,d with different output of the echo dynamicallyp  pIve tried with p  precodesed i srandomecho var4  sed n 1RANDOMwc l random.txt  cut f 1 d  p random.txt playlist.txt codepre  pBut it doesnt work, p  pany suggestionp
Positive 387 pIm trying to set up a bash script that scans its root directory for new folders while also incrementing an int assigned to each folder by one daily. So that when the increment reaches 7 after a week it sends an email out using Mutt to notify someone of the folders that are over 7 days old in the root directory.p  pHeres what I have so farp  precodebinbash  shopt s extglob nullglob INPUTfile.csv INPUT2file2.csv basedirUsers...DeleteErrorTest   Omit any subdirectories, leave empty omitdir omitdir   Create array of all folders if [[ z omitdir ]] then    cdarray basedir  else    cdarray basediromitdir  fi   Add directory to first column in csv file for i  0 i lt cdarray[] i do     printf sn cdarray[i]  done gt INPUT   add a daily incremented value awk F , 2numberOfDays OFS 6 print INPUT gt INPUT2    Checking for at least one directory if cdarray[]lt1 then     printf No subdirectories found. Exiting.n     exit 0 fi codepre  pIm able to put folders into an array then write out to a .csv file. But Im having trouble associating each element in the array with an int that increments everyday and then writing something that scans the directory for new folders without losingcopying over previous days folders. Hopefully that makes sense.p  pAny help is greatly appreciated.p
Positive 387 pIve written an OCR wrapper batch amp service script for tesseract and abbyyocr11 found here a hrefhttpsgithub.comdeajanpmOCR relnofollowhttpsgithub.comdeajanpmOCRap  pThe main function is a find command that passes its arguments to xargs with print0 in order to deal with special filenmames. The find command became more and more complex and ended up as a VERY long one liner that becomes difficult to maintainp  precodefind DIRECTORYTOPROCESS type f iregex ..FILESTOPROCES  name findexcludes print0  xargs 0 I  bash c export file function proceed  eval OCRENGINEEXEC OCRENGINEINPUTARG file OCRENGINEARGS OCRENGINEOUTPUTARG file.FILENAMEADDITIONFILENAMESUFFIXFILEEXTENSION ampamp if [ BATCHRUN eq 1 ] ampamp [ SILENT ne 1 ]then echo Processed file fi ampamp echo e date  Processed file gtgt LOGFILE ampamp if [ DELETEORIGINAL  yes ] then rm f file fi  if [ CHECKPDF  yes ] then if  pdffonts file 2gtamp1  grep yes gt devnull then proceed else echo date  Skipping file file already containing text. gtgt LOGFILE fi else proceed fi codepre  pIs there a nicer way to pass the find results to a human readable function without impacting too much speed p  pThanks.p
Positive 387 pI have a homework, write a program schedsim.sh withp  precodeschedsim.sh [h] [c x] i filename codepre  pIn thisp  pcodehcode print usernamep  pcodeccode print x1 x is entered from keyboard, if dont enter x, print 1p  pcodeicode print size of filename, filename is a name of file that entered.p  pMy codep  precodeibinbash  while getopts hci Option do       case Option in      h      whoami           c aOPTARG     if [ z a ] then         a1     else         aexpr a  1      fi     echo a           i echo Size of file Kylobytes      ls s OPTARG            echo sonething wrong           esac done codepre  pHowever, when i callp  precode.schedsim.sh c i abc.txt codepre  pError.p  pSorry, my English is poorp
Positive 387 pI am looking for a way to create a log of commit messages with timestamps for each of my commit messages as a way to keep track of what Ive done for the week Does anyone have an example of thisp
Positive 387 pIm playing with a Qt project in Windows. Actually Im preparing it to build on Linux also. The problem is that the build.sh script below inflates 1 byte per line  somewhere in the process which makes it fail when it gets executed by the end user. p  pIm comparing the size in the developer machine against the size in the end user machine. Between these, Jenkins running on Windows get things form git server and packs a tar.gz file using cygwin, which the end user gets after all. p  precodebinbash qmake Project.pro make make clean codepre  pHow should I approach this issuep  pMay I provide more informationp
Positive 387 pI know there is a thread on this site for creating a directory when using codecpcode but my question is a little different. I want to copy a file in a new destination in linux, but some part of the path might not exist and I wanted to know whether it is possible to create that path without separating directory name from file name, for example, imagine I have a variable that contains the prefix for new files codeprefixdircode and I want every file to be copied in that location.p  precodeprefixdirhomeakjnewpath listls somelocation... for l in list do    cp v l prefixdirl done codepre  pFrom the example it is obvious that there can be some directories that dont exist under new location and because of file names I cant use codemkdir prefixdirlcode. I know I can separate file name from directory name and then use codemkdircode but I was wondering if there were an elegant way to do that.p  pEDITp  pTo just clarify my question imagine I want to copy codelibtttest.socode and my codeprefixdircode is codehomeakjcode. Also imagine that codelibttcode doesnt exist, so my codecpcode command would fail. I also cant use codemkdir pcode because of codetest.socode in the path.p  pThanks.p
Positive 387 pIssue Start the Adaptec Utility in terminal and blink the second hard drive light. Sleep and submit a keystroke to end the blink.p  precodegt arcconf identify 1 device 0 1 Controllers found 1 The specified device is blinking. Press any key to stop the blinking. codepre  pCommand arcconf identify 1 device 0 1p  pHere are some commands I have tried.p  p1. codeecho ne n  arcconf identify 1 device 0 1codep  pResult Starts the program and immediately submits an enter. The utility is stopped before the drive can blink Im not sure how to add sleep here.p  p2. codekill 9 8309codep  pResult Kills the arcconf process, however, even with the process terminated the drive will forever blink.p  p3. codeecho ne n gt proc8309fd0codep  pResult Sends an enter to the process, however, this only prints new lines to the terminal running arcconf and doesnt actually submit a keystroke. Same result with echo abcd.p  pHow can I start this utility in bash, sleep, and send a keystroke to stop the utilityp
Positive 387 pI am having trouble creating path reference in shell scripts.p  hr  pI have 1 parent folder, which has 2 child folders.p  precodeDirectory Structure gt  Parent           Child1 contains shell script start           Child2 contains python files codepre  hr  pNow inside codeChild1code, I have codestart.shcode p  precodeusrbinenv bash usrbinpython ..Child2code1.py codepre  hr  pstrongProblem strong p  pWhen I codecdcode into codeChild1code and run the codestart.shcode, it works perfectly. p  pBut when I run codestart.shcode from anyother directory say codehomecode, the relative path reference in the shell script complains. It says codeNo file foundcode, and this is because it is using codehomecode and using that as relative path. I have tested this by doing an codeecho pwdcodep  pI have tried pwd amp cwd. It does not help.p  pMy aim is to have this shell script to work from anydirectory. How can I achieve thisp  hr  pLooking forward to some help here. I would be happy to add more information if needed.p
Positive 387 pI have a windows machine on which I have MinGW installed. I open up a shell and ssh to a remote machine and start emacs there. Emacs opens up fine in my local window and the basic functionality including my keyboard map and some macros, and Lisp file editing seems to run fine. However, I am unable to access the emacs top line menu, text selection using either clicking the mouse and dragging or moving the cursor and SDOWNUPARROW and dragging doesnt work, CUPARROW to move over blocks doesnt work, etc all these work fine when I am using the remote machine from a local terminal connected to it. I read elsewhere that the problem sometimes is that emacs is not running in a login shell. However I started a bash login upon sshing into the machine and then ran emacs but that makes no difference. I also tried sourcing .bashprofile and .bashrc before starting emacs.p  pAnyone have any ideas. p
Positive 387 pHeres what Im trying to do  I have a URL that displays a list of packages with version numbers at the end. I have three more URLs which each display a small portion of the same list of packages.  The goal is to be able to compare ONLY the packages that are in the latter three locations with the complete list in the first location, and check to see if the versions are the same.  If theyre not, Id like to return those lines that are different so we can see which packages we need to update.  In concept, Im thinking something like p  precodediff url1 url2, url3, url4 codepre  pstrongOutputstrongp  precodepackage11.01 lt returns package name that needs updating codepre  pObviously, the syntax is wrong but I havent found anything on diff that deals with URLs. Any ideas p
Positive 387 pI am working on monitoring scripts for linux ubuntu hosts, I currently have 2 check CPU usage scripts and I want to know if there is a way to run a script .sh or .rb file and capture how much CPUmem it required so that I can compare them and decide which one to run on my machines... How can I do this  I know you can get the stats based on PID but the script is processed so fast that I cant get accurate stats with that method..  Thanks p
Positive 387 pThis script has to run 4 times and change its path accordingly. But only Name changes 4 times and path remains the same. Any idea what is wrong with the script Im new to bash.p  precodebinbash  Filetmptmp.txt NAMENAME1 NAME2 NAME3 NAME4 DIRhomepath1 homepath2 homepath3 homepath4  for NAME in NAME[]      do              sbinmyprogram start read FILE path DIR name NAME      done codepre  pIn General, Im trying to automate this commandp  precodesbinmyprogram start read tmptmp.txt path homepath1 name NAME1 sbinmyprogram start read tmptmp.txt path homepath2 name NAME2 sbinmyprogram start read tmptmp.txt path homepath3 name NAME3 sbinmyprogram start read tmptmp.txt path homepath4 name NAME4 codepre  pCan we modify the script to start as p  precodefor FILE in tmptxt codepre  pand then read NAME and Dir separately every timep  pI dont want to put this directly in script because there might be more path, name and even there might be more than one txt. p
Positive 387 pIm writing a bash script on Mac OSX 10.11 to automatically use dnssd to proxy my Bonjour advertisements for AFP, SMB amp some printers when I connect to my VPN.p  pThe basic gist of my script is I declare a number of arrays to later use when I call dnssd. The array Im having difficulty with beingp  precodeSERVICETEXTS   modelTimeCapsule8,119 modelXserve txtvers1 qtotal1 pdlapplicationvnd.hpPCL,applicationvnd.brotherhbp rpduerqxesz5090 tyBrother MFC9120CN productBrother MFC9120CN adminurlhttpBRN001BA9243652.local. priority50 usbMFGBrother usbMDLMFC9120CN ColorT CopiesT DuplexF PaperCustomT BinaryT TransparentT TBCPF txtvers1 qtotal1 pdlapplicationvnd.hpPCL,applicationvnd.brotherhbp rpduerqxesz5090 tyBrother MFC9120CN productBrother MFC9120CN adminurlhttpBRN001BA9243652.local. priority75 usbMFGBrother usbMDLMFC9120CN ColorT CopiesT DuplexF PaperCustomT BinaryT TransparentT TBCPF txtvers1 qtotal1 pdlapplicationvnd.hpPCL,applicationvnd.brotherhbp tyBrother MFC9120CN productBrother MFC9120CN adminurlhttpBRN001BA9243652.local. priority25 usbMFGBrother usbMDLMFC9120CN ColorT CopiesT DuplexF PaperCustomT BinaryT TransparentF TBCPT  codepre  pTo determine whether I need to actually run dnssd, I dop  precodeifconfig ppp0 ampgtdevnull codepre  pTest ifconfigs return value withp  precodeif [  eq 0 ] then... codepre  pProvided ppp0 exists, I loop through the length of my array, checking to see if dnssd is currently running, and so on.p  pIf dnssd instances have been running but ppp0 is now unavailable, I kill them all by PID which I save, and check again in a few minutes.p  pIm confident the rest of my code is performing what I desire, so Ill jump straight to the offending line, in hope the general idea is clear enough.p  precodednssd P SERVICENAMES[n] SERVICETYPES[n] local SERVICEPORTS[n] SERVICENAMES[n].local SERVICEIPS[n] SERVICETEXTS[n] ampgtdevnull amp codepre  pThe man page for dnssd shows this to be usage of P, for clarity.p  precodednssd P ltNamegt ltTypegt ltDomaingt ltPortgt ltHostgt ltIPgt [ltTXTgt...]              Proxy codepre  pThe problem I face is the behaviour of space characters in the last three SERVICETEXTS elements. Troubleshooting so far has been to do everything in the terminal to make sure Im not missing something super obvious  going mad. Heres exactly what I type and exactly whats returned... Which worksp  precode dnssd P Brother MFC9129CN ipp.tcp local 631 Brother MFC9120CN.local 192.168.1.2 txtvers1 qtotal1 pdlapplicationvnd.hpPCL,applicationvnd.brotherhbp rpduerqxesz5090 tyBrother MFC9120CN productBrother MFC9120CN adminurlhttpBRN001BA9243652.local. priority50 usbMFGBrother usbMDLMFC9120CN ColorT CopiesT DuplexF PaperCustomT BinaryT TransparentT TBCPF  Registering Service Brother MFC9129CN.ipp.tcp.local host Brother MFC9120CN.local port 631 TXT txtvers1 qtotal1 pdlapplicationvnd.hpPCL,applicationvnd.brotherhbp rpduerqxesz5090 tyBrother MFC9120CN productBrother MFC9120CN adminurlhttpBRN001BA9243652.local. priority50 usbMFGBrother usbMDLMFC9120CN ColorT CopiesT DuplexF PaperCustomT BinaryT TransparentT TBCPF DATE Sat 03 Oct 2015 211140.927  ...STARTING... 211141.818  Got a reply for record Brother MFC9120CN.local Name now registered and active 211141.818  Got a reply for service Brother MFC9129CN.ipp.tcp.local. Name now registered and active codepre  pWhen I use a variable in the command however echod for clarity... This happensp  precode echo SERVICETEXTS[4] txtvers1 qtotal1 pdlapplicationvnd.hpPCL,applicationvnd.brotherhbp rpduerqxesz5090 tyBrother MFC9120CN productBrother MFC9120CN adminurlhttpBRN001BA9243652.local. priority50 usbMFGBrother usbMDLMFC9120CN ColorT CopiesT DuplexF PaperCustomT BinaryT TransparentT TBCPF   dnssd P Brother MFC9129CN ipp.tcp local 631 Brother MFC9120CN.local 192.168.1.2  SERVICETEXTS[4]  Registering Service Brother MFC9129CN.ipp.tcp.local host Brother MFC9120CN.local port 631 TXT txtvers1 qtotal1 pdlapplicationvnd.hpPCL,applicationvnd.brotherhbp rpduerqxesz5090 tyBrother MFC9120CN productBrother MFC9120CN adminurlhttpBRN001BA9243652.local. priority50 usbMFGBrother usbMDLMFC9120CN ColorT CopiesT DuplexF PaperCustomT BinaryT TransparentT TBCPF DATE Sat 03 Oct 2015 211856.968  ...STARTING... 211857.842  Got a reply for record Brother MFC9120CN.local Name now registered and active 211857.842  Got a reply for service Brother MFC9129CN.ipp.tcp.local. Name now registered and active codepre  pThe problem being the section of element 4 which goesp  precode...tyBrother MFC... codepre  pdnssd reports this as beingp  precode...tyBrother MFC... codepre  pYoull notice when I simply type the string rather than use the variable, dnssd reports it with one .p  pObviously four  doesnt do me any good... If I remove the , I still dont get the desired result because dnssd thinks Im describing a new key. I typep  precode codepre  pto try and get a literal  and from memory dnssd still receives four.p  pIve also played around with single and double quotes, including surrounding the variable in the call to dnssd in double quotes but that adds backslashes to every single space. This makes dnssd treat the TXT string as one key with one value, where the value contains spaces. This is significantly less useful than calling it without quotes, so I gave up on investigating that further.p  pSo basically, it seems dnssd receives none or four ... And it just needs one then everything will work perfectly...p  pCalling dnssd and passing SERVICETEXTS[n] without quotes comes very close to the desired behaviour, but can not handle space characters in the value of the keyvalue pairs.p  pAny guidance here would be much appreciated Ive been pouring over the bash manual, searching stack exchange and trying everything I can think of to make this work for going on 4 hours now p
Positive 387 pIn linux, using bash, whats the easiest way to find files that were modified more than an hour ago but less than 3 days agop  pSurely, theres got to be an easy way to do this. I keep searching and cant find an easy solution.p
Positive 387 pcodesudo echo sadfsadf gt etcapache2modsavailabledir.confcodep  pI ran the command with codesudocode but it returned the error permission deniedp  pWhy does this command not workp
Positive 387 pI am hoping someone can help me with some text manipulation, its not my strong point and Im coming up against an issue when trying to replace text in a file.p  pI have a Terraform file, what I wish to do is run a BASH script which collects user input and fills in the Terraform file. The format is as followsp  pstrongTerraform.tfstrongp  precodevariable mastercpu default   variable mastermem default   variable mastercount default   variable mastertemplate default   variable masterdatastore default   variable mastersecondarydisksize default   variable masternetworklabel default   variable mastergateway default   variable masternetmask default   codepre  pstrongProvisioner.shstrongp  precodeecho n How many vCPUs should these VMs have [ENTER] read mastercpu echo n How much RAM would you like to allocate [ENTER] read masterram echo n Template name Format Foldertemplate [ENTER] read mastertemplate echo n Please provide the datastore name. [ENTER] read masterdstore ... codepre  pThere are 2 issues here, first one is numbers arent wrapped in double quotes but text is, so simply searching for emdefault  em in the Terraform file is of no use.p  pThe other issue Ive faced is with variables not expanding, for examplep  precodeawk gsubdefault  , default  vcaddress, 0 print gt FILENAME terraform.tf codepre  pWill produce default  vcaddress and not use the IP captured on the command line.p  pIf anyone could give me some pointers on how to efficiently do this in BASH, for both numbers and text Id be really grateful.p
Positive 387 pIm new to bash script coding, but Ive put together something that I want to reboot the services on my server in case they crash p  pHowever, Im hitting a stumbling block at the most basic pointp  precodebinbash  declare a arrtomcat7 nginx mysql codepre  p...gives an errorp  blockquote   pscriptchecks.sh 3 scriptchecks.sh Syntax error  unexpectedp blockquote  pIve tried it quoted as wellp  precodedeclare a arrtomcat7 nginx mysql codepre  pI dont understand why Im getting this error though. It looks like Im using the correct syntaxp  pa hrefhttpwww.thegeekstuff.com201006basharraytutorial relnofollowhttpwww.thegeekstuff.com201006basharraytutorialap  pPlease advise Im coming from a Perl background, so this is quite different for me  so appologies if Ive missing something stupidp
Positive 387 pI have an xml file I would like to retrieve the codefilePathcode value and store it as a variable to use to launch an app. Heres the xml filep  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltresultset statementSELECT  FROM dms.gamThrexp  xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstancegt   ltrowgt     ltfield nameidgt1ltfieldgt     ltfield namefilePathgthomedrsVideosGame.of.ThronesGame.of.Thrones.S01E01.mkvltfieldgt  ltrowgt ltresultsetgt codepre  pI have pieced this script together but its not workingp  precodebinbash myvarecho cat rowfield[namefilePath]value  xmllint shell homedrsdmsgamThr.xml  awk F[] print NF1  vlc fullscreen myvar codepre  pany help getting this to work will be greatly appreciatedp
Positive 387 pSuppose we have a log file like marks.log and the content looks something like thisp  precodeFname   Lname   Net Algo     Jack    Miller  15  20   John    Compton 12  20   Susan   Wilson  13  19   codepre  pI want to add a new column that contains average for each person, and a new row that contains average for each course. The result has to look like thisp  precodeFname   Lname   Net  Algo  Avg Jack    Miller  15   20    17.5 John    Compton 12   20    16 Susan   Wilson  13   19    16 Average         13.3 19.6   codepre
Positive 387 pWhy is echo showing the command and not the output of the command once I start using it in a FOR I loop For example this command worksp  precoderootlinux1 tmp] iscsiadm m node awk print 1 192.168.100.88326 codepre  pBut not in a FOR I loopp  precode[rootlinux1 tmp] for i in iscsiadm m node  awk print 1do echo idone iscsiadm m node  awk print  codepre  pI want the command to print the first field so then I can add other functionality to the For I loop. Thanksp
Positive 387 pI have a Virtual Box that has Ubuntu installed on it, and have been trying to download the Sugar Labs DEV onto it via command line in bash.  I have been using the instructions found at this link a hrefhttpsdeveloper.sugarlabs.orgdevenvironment.md.html relnofollowhttpsdeveloper.sugarlabs.orgdevenvironment.md.htmlap  pBut whenever I try to pull .osbuild, I get the error message binsh 1 Syntax Error  unexpected.  I have been doing some research, as to how to fix this, but have been unsuccessful. I havent done anything extra, just been sticking right with the instructions, so I am very confused.p  pAny pointers as to how to overcome this would be very appreciated. p
Positive 387 pI am trying to read a file line by line and find the average of the numbers in each line.  I am getting the error codeexpr nonnumeric argumentcodep  pI have narrowed the problem down to sumcodeexpr sum  icode, but Im not sure why the code doesnt work.p  precodewhile read a rows do     for i in rows[]     do         sumexpr sum  i         totalexpr total  1     done     averageexpr sum  total done lt fileName codepre  pThe file looks like this the numbers are separated by tabsp  precode1       1       1       1       1 9       3       4       5       5 6       7       8       9       7 3       6       8       9       1 3       4       2       1       4 6       4       4       7       7 codepre
Positive 387 pHow to use grep ie to find strings with 2 groups of consecutive same letters. The 2 groups do not overlap. Only grep e is allowed.p
Positive 387 pIm trying to make a bash script that behaves differently based on the terminal program that someone is using Putty, mobaxterm, etc. Is there any way to retrieve this kind of information from a bash script p  pI was searching around online but I was not able to find anything or Im just wording it incorrectly, which could be a distinct possibility.p  pthank youp
Positive 387 precodeMeubuntu cat proc10syscall cat proc10syscall Permission denied codepre  pI want to know ahead of time if I will have permission for access to codesyscallcode.p  pI tried to do it with thisp  precodeFILEprocNsyscall     if [ r FILE ] then         cat procNsyscall     else         echo cant read     fi codepre  pBut its not working.p  pAny ideasp  pThanks.p
Positive 387 pSupposed I have directory structure like p  precodesrc srca srca1.ocf   srca1.pdf   srca1.txt srcb srcb2.ocf srcb2.pdf srcb2.xls srcc srcc3.doc srcc3.ocf srcc3.txt srcd codepre  pThen, I just want to synchronize only files with extension .txt.  So, I tried to use command likep  precodersync avvH include include.txt exclude src dst sending incremental file list . a a1.txt b c c3.txt d codepre  pUnfortunately, this command not only synchronize .txt file but also all directory. I dont want directory b and d be synchronized because it not contain file .txtp  pIs there simple way to do that  p
Positive 387 pIm a new user that is trying to learn bash, so Im sorry if my code really bad or stupid because I learn bash from free pdf only. My question is I have a file called number thats simply containsp  p1     3     4     2     9p  pI want to read it and sum them all together, however my code doesnt work. What I have so far isp  precodelinehead n 1 number echo line while read line do   sumexpr sum  line   echo sum done codepre  pCan someone help me to show the correct code Also, when I call line is it 1 3 4 2 9 or they split already become 1 3 4 2 9p  pThank you.p
Positive 387 pThis is a simple school project.  The console keeps stating [5command not foundp  precodebinbash  num28 echo Guess a number a number between 1 and 100 read guess  while [guess ne num] do   if [guess lt num]  then      echo number is higher  elif [guess gt num]  then      echo number is lower   else      echo Correct The number is number   fi  done codepre
Positive 387 pI want to run a script that changes the hostname and have my bash prompt PS1 variable update immediately with the proper hostname.  How do I make this happenp  pI run thisp  precodebinbash  Usage .changehost ltnewhostnamegt  Do two seds to edit the files for persistent hostname change sed i shostname1g etchosts sed i shostname1g etcsysconfignetwork  run the hostname command with new hostname to update it hostname 1 codepre  pIn a terminal like so and get thisp  precode[userhost dir] .changehost newhostname [userhost dir]  codepre  pBut what I want is thisp  precode[userhost dir] .changehost newhostname [usernewhostname dir]  codepre  pThe terminal is updated properly only when I open up a new shell.  Ive tried reexporting the PS1 variable, and sourcing the etcbashrc in and out of the script after it is run.p  pTo reiterate, how do I get the shell that I run it in to update immediatelyp
Positive 387 pId like to take a list like thisp  precodeexample.com 1.2.3.4 ftp.example.com 2.3.4.5 3.4.5.6 www.example.com 4.5.6.7 5.6.7.8 6.7.8.9 codepre  pAnd parse into a comma delimited CSV format so that when opened in a popular spreadsheet program, the parent FQDNs are in column A and the children IPs are in column B.p  pId like to do this using native Linux binaries so I can bake into an existing BASH script.p  pAny help welcome, and thanks in advance.p
Positive 387 pstrongfile.txtstrongp  precodefruitsbanana,apple,grape,limon,orange,tomate, fruitsapple,limon, fruitsbanana,grape,limon, fruitsorange,tomate,grape, fruitsbanana, fruitsapple, fruitsbanana,apple, codepre  pI need to replace everything that is different than banana for FRUIT, and get output like thisp  precodefruitsbanana,FRUIT,FRUIT,FRUIT,FRUIT,FRUIT, fruitsFRUIT,FRUIT, fruitsbanana,FRUIT,FRUIT, fruitsFRUIT,FRUIT,FRUIT, fruitsbanana, fruitsFRUIT, fruitsFRUIT,apple, codepre  pI tried using awk, but I can only replace the fields of specific strings.p  pExample replace all strings apple by fruit2, or all strings apple by fruit2 and all strings tomateor orange by fruit3p  precodeawk F  gsubapple,FRUIT2,2 print  OFS, file.tx codepre  porp  precodeawk F  gsubapple,FRUIT2,2gsubtomateorange,FRUIT3,2 print  OFS, file.txt sed s.7  fruitsbanana,FRUIT2,grape,limon,FRUIT3,FRUIT3, fruitsFRUIT2,limon, fruitsbanana,grape,limon, fruitsFRUIT3,FRUIT3,grape, fruitsbanana, fruitsFRUIT2, fruitsbanana,FRUIT2 codepre  pbut I really need is to replace everything that is different from that for any string, ex fruit4p  pHow to generate output like thisp  precodefruitsFRUIT4,FRUIT2,FRUIT4,FRUIT4,FRUIT3,FRUIT3, fruitsFRUIT2,FRUIT4, fruitsFRUIT4,FRUIT4,FRUIT4, fruitsFRUIT3,FRUIT3,FRUIT4, fruitsFRUIT4, fruitsFRUIT2, fruitsFRUIT4,FRUIT2 codepre
Positive 387 pI am brand new to linuxbash scripting and I am trying to write a script to run commands on a device connected to a gateway machine. The script is being run on the gateway machine and the device connected requires authentication. 1 ssh rootxyz 2 cd mntabcxyz 3 Play commandp  p1 runs and asks for password and logs into the device, but it stops here and does not run 2 and 3. How do I fix thisp
Positive 387 pIm currently working on an exercise that requires me to write a shell script whose function is to take a single commandline argument that is a directory. The script takes the given directory, and finds all the .jpgs in that directory and its subdirectories, and creates an imagestrip of all the .jpgs in order of modification time newest on bottom. p  pSo far, Ive writtenp  precodebinbash  dir1 the first argument given will be saved as the dir variable   find all .jpgs in the given directory then ls is run for the .jpgs, with the date format s in seconds sed lets the cut process ignore the spaces in the columns fields 6 and 7 the name and the time stamp are then cut and sorted by modification date then, field 2 the file name is selected from that input Finally, the entire sorted output is saved in a .txt file  find dir name .jpg exec ls l timestyles    sed s   g  cut d  f6,7  sort n  cut d  f2 gt jgps.txt codepre  pThe script correctly outputs the directorys .jpgs in order of time modification. The part that I am currently struggling on is how to give the list in the .txt file to the codeconvert appendcode command that will create an imagestrip for me For those who arent aware of that command, what would be inputted is codeconvert append image1.jpg image2.jpg image3.jpg IMAGESTRIP.jpgcodewith IMAGESTRIP.jpg being the name of the completed image strip file made up of the previous 3 images.p  pI cant quite figure out how to pass the .txt list of files and their paths to this command. Ive been scouring the man pages to find a possible solution but no viable ones have arisen. p
Positive 387 pIm running this command in my script, and its deleting all but 5 of each file, but its not keeping the last 5 files based on datep  precodels rv  awk F n[1]gt5  xargs rm codepre  punderscore is the delimiter between the prefix hostname and the filenames.p  pIve tried some other stuff too, but it didnt seem to do the trick.p  pIm running this to delete all but the last n files in a folder and it works correctlyp  precoderm f ls 1t I .sh  tail n 21 codepre  pThis applies to everything though.p  pI have another folder full of backups from various devices that all have hostname prefixes.  The format is hostnameconfig.backuptimestamp.p
Positive 387 pI need to make a bash script that will give me a list of true or false  depending on the address it scanned. Right now I have this simple scriptp  precodebinbash inputrootfile1 input2rootfile2 paste d, file1,2.txt  while IFS, read x y  do   nmap sV versionlight script sslpoodle p y x if somethingdetects its vulnerable echo truegtgtfile3.txt else not vulnerable echo falsegtgtfie3.txt done codepre  pthe information nmap returns when vulerable isp  pNmap scan report for ip Host is up 0.044s latency. PORT    STATE SERVICE  VERSION porttcp open  sslhttp Microsoft IIS  sslpoodle     VULNERABLE    SSL POODLE information leak      State VULNERABLEp  pIs there a way to detect the word vulnerable, or what would be the best way to do itp
Positive 387 pI want to delete the files, which are older than 15 days. Files directory isp  precodehomeappadminfiles codepre  pThere is 100 folder in the strongfilesstrong directory, I only want to delete the files, which are older than 15 days strongwithout deleting the foldersstrong.p  pIn the files directory, there are many folders like below p  precode16 Jwellary Image Clipping 300 photos to be retouched Ashraf Amin Background removal Background removal and retouching Brad C Change wording in a Photoshop file Color Correct 123 Product Photos cut out some high res photos codepre  pI want to delete the files from this folders.p  pCan anyone please help me to figure out this.p
Positive 387 pIm trying to add IP addresses blacklisted by the PF firewall to a log so we have a record of them over time, preferably with the datetime they were added.p  pThe following command shows the IP addresses Id like to capturep  precode pfctl t bruteforce T show No ALTQ support in kernel ALTQ related functions disabled    1.2.3.4    2.3.4.5 codepre  pBut the first two lines No ALTQ support in kernel, ALTQ related functions disabled need to be stripped out, and Im having no luck with awk, sed, or tail doing that. Id think the following might work, but no joyp  precode pfctl t bruteforce T show  sed 1,2d No ALTQ support in kernel ALTQ related functions disabled codepre  pAnd Im also wondering then how best to weave this into an ifthen statement so that only when there are results I.e. any IP addresses, this is then written to the log, preferably with the datetime they were added.p  pApologies for being such a greenhorn with this  any ideas or help is much appreciated.p  pDanp
Positive 387 pIm new in linux and im building a program that receives the name of a process, gets its PID i have no problem with that part and then pass the PID to the kill command but its not working. It goes something like this p  precoderead p Process to kill  proceso proid pidof proceso echo proid kill proid codepre  pCan someone tell me why it isnt killing it  I know that there are some otherways to do it, even with the PID, but none of them seems to work for me. I believe its some kind of problem with the bash language which I just started learning.p
Positive 387 pI am writing a bash function.p  pHow do I make the control exit the function as soon as any command in it error outp  pI have tried thisp  precodefunction myFunc      set e     cmd1     cmd2     set e  codepre  pIt works but it closes my terminal as well.p  pAppreciate any ideas.p  pThanks.p
Positive 387 pI have a list of tokens in a text file and want to use grep to get the lines from a second text file that contain those tokens, but seem to be having trouble accessing the shell variable with grepp  precodefor n in cat .pos1.txt do cat dictionary.txt  grep n done codepre  pIve tried n, n, n, n, n, and n None of them seem to work.p  pThanksp
Positive 387 pIm trying to fix a bug in a hrefhttpsgithub.commemozacdscriptsblobmasterpacker.sh relnofollowthis crude scripta that chokes on directory names containing single quotes. Theres a a hrefhttpsstackoverflow.comquestions18672629regexforsinglequotewithinsinglequotessimilar questiona, but it only escapes one single quote.p  pThe SQL queries look like thesep  precodeSELECT arcno, password, status FROM summary WHERE arcno  SELECT name FROM dirtree WHERE nodeid  SELECT parentid FROM dirtree WHERE name  bashargs[0]BIGINT SELECT arcno, password, status FROM summary WHERE descr  bashargs[0] INSERT INTO summary arcno, actsize, dirs, files, status, password, descr VALUES arcno, sdf[0], sdf[1], sdf[2], packing, apwd, bashargs[0] codepre  pSo a directory named As files concerning Bs work would generatep  precodeSELECT arcno, password, status FROM summary WHERE descr  As files concerning Bs work codepre  pThat would raise a syntax error.p  pTo get thisp  precodeSELECT arcno, password, status FROM summary WHERE descr  As files concerning Bs work codepre  pCan I use sed and possibly covering directory names beginning or ending with single quotes Or am I better off with more sophisticated languages such as pythonp
Positive 387 pI am trying to print filenames in my directory with lineword counts all on one line. The way my output is nowp  pfoo.txtp  p500p  pbar.txtp  p210p  p... What it should bep  pfoo.txt 500p  pbar.txt 210 ...p  pWhat I am expecting the answer to look like wc l  awk somethingp
Positive 387 pHow do I tell codelesscode, with codeRcode or otherwise, not to reset colors across newlinescodencode Heres an example of what I seep  precode echo e 033[31mThis is red.nStill red.n033[0mBack now. gtgt coltest  cat coltest This is red. Colour is red Still red.   Colour is red Back now.    Colour is the terminals foreground colour.  less RF coltest This is red. Colour is red Still red.   Colour is the terminals foreground colour. Back now.    Colour is the terminals foreground colour. codepre  pWhy is the colour of codeStill red.code reset to the terminals foreground colour in the output of codeless RFcodep
Positive 387 pI have a file that looks like thisp  precodeid,string 10,john smith 20,smith, john codepre  pOn this I run codecut d , f 2code, which returnsp  precodejohn smith smith codepre  pIn the second row, I want to return codesmith, johncode. Is there a solution to this using codecutcode that ensures the specified delimiter is not treated as one when contained within a pair of double quotation marksp
Positive 387 pI have 2 files, that list this list when you cat themp  precodecat repoExcludeList.txt  myremote pacman  cat repoFullList.txt  dmain smbus csimiami underauto extraservice Bves myremote pacman codepre  pI am trying to loop via BASH through the REPOFULLLIST and list each string, and ignoreexclude the lines in the REPOEXCLUSIONLISTp  pThis is what I have so far, but i get this error messagep  precode.checkrelbranch.sh line 13 [ myremote integer expression expected  REPOFULLLISTcat pathrepoFullList.txt REPOEXCLUSIONLISTcat pathrepoExcludeList.txt  for repo in REPOFULLLIST         do         if [[ repo ne REPOEXCLUSIONLIST ]] then         echo The repo name is repo and will be processed         else          echo this repo will be excluded  REPOEXCLUSIONLIST     fi done codepre
Positive 387 pIs there a way to display a simple text based UI via shell scripting that isnt interspersed with the prompts amp etc in the main bash process Essentially I want something that acts like codemancode, only it displays something that isnt a manpage and waits for a user input to get back to whatever the bash process was displaying. Is there a way to do this just using an existing shell command or should I be doing this portion with a compiled languagep  pI know how I can get the user input and print stuff, but Im unsure how to display said separate ui like codemancode is doing.p
Positive 387 pIm trying to extract data from a text file in bash so I can know whats the Uid on the status file in a proc folder. The excercise consists of printing all the processes Pid that have their Uid different from 0 0 0 0 The Uid is in the 8th line and Id like to take the numbers the line show but dont know how. Is there anyway to take off characters from a specific line and from a specific column In this case, id just like to save the numbers to have a new string so I can compare it with the one I created at the beginning, which only has 0s. Then I just have to compare them and if they are different, I should print the process Pid. It should be like thisp  precode  NewString0   4   5   1  example   Oldstring0   0   0   0  the one I created to be compared codepre
Positive 387 pThis is the assignment p  blockquote   pWrite a script that will generate a single sorted list of three to fiveletter words. Input text will be generated from the online ls manual pages output from man ls command.p blockquote  pThis is my code so farp  precodeman ls  sed s g  tr AZ az  tr s 040 012  sort  uniq u codepre  pHere is where I get stuck. We are provided with steps to get the desired result however I am having trouble figuring out the proper grep command. These are the directionsp  blockquote   ol start5   liUsing a single grep command, extract the 3 to 5letter words. Keep in mind that each word is now on its own line. You will need to use a regular expression that specifies the whole line not just a pattern found somewhere in the line. We know that the asterisk represents zero or more of the previous pattern. What regular expression is used to represent from three to five instances of the previous pattern on a line by itself. [ Whole line match You have regurar expression anchor points that specify the beginning and end of the line. Use themli   ol blockquote  pI emthinkem it should look something like this, but it doesnt work.p  precodegrep 3,5 codepre  blockquote   pEXTRA INFORMATIONp      ol   liFilter out all characters except spaces and alpha characters AZaz. You can do this by using the stream editor sed to remove substitute with nothing all characters not in that set. Hint How do you specify the regular expression to match a single character that is not an alpha or space characterli   liTo avoid duplicates, convert all the letters to the same case. The translate command tr should be used to do this see page 83 of the textbook. For example, The and the need to be treated as the same word. By making all the text the same case either upper or lower, you will avoid listing the same mixedcase word more than once.li   liModify the remaining text such that each word is placed on its own line. Use the tr command to convert all spaces to newlines. Every single word is now on a line by itself. Dont worry about the empty lines. Theyll get filtered out later.li   liUse the sort command to sort the lines words. Is there an option we can use with sort to remove duplicate lines Use that option.li   liUsing a single grep command, extract the 3 to 5letter words. Keep in mind that each word is now on its own line. You will need to use a regular expression that specifies the whole line not just a pattern found somewhere in the line. We know that the asterisk represents zero or more of the previous pattern. What regular expression is used to represent from three to five instances of the previous pattern on a line by itself. [ Whole line match You have regurar expression anchor points that specify the beginning and end of the line. Use them ]li   ol blockquote  pIm very new to this, and havent been able to find the right way to do it anywhere, probably because Im not searching for the right thing. If you are familiar with how to do it, I would appreciate if you could also explain how it works instead of just giving the answer. Thank you so much for the helpp
Positive 387 pI use codesocatcode for quick telnet banner grabbing, like thisp  precodefor ip in list do     socat T 1  tcpip23 amp done codepre  pIt loops through the list of specified IP addresses, and for each one calls codesocatcode which links codeTCP socketcode on port 23 with codestdincode  and disconnects after one second, while running in the background. The problem is that all of the background processes use same codestdincode, so all of them will hang. I tried codereadlinecode option, as well suppressing codestdincode with codeltdevnullcode, but with no results. codenetcatcode, for example behaves in the same way, unless codedcode is specified to ignore the input.p  pThe codesocatcode line that I specified is a part of a script that is being used for other purposes, so it would be nice if the problem could be solved without resorting to codemasscancode, codenmapcode or codenetcatcode. Thank you.p
Positive 387 pHoping someone can help. I have a list of hosts in a file, what I want to do is grab the hostname and insert that into a template using a here document in BASH.p  pThe hosts file looks like thisp  pemhosts.txtemp  precode1.2.3.4 host1 5.6.7.8 host2 codepre  pI then read this document with the following BASHp  precodewhile read LINE do   vmhostecho LINE  awk print 2 done lt .hosts.txt codepre  pWhat I am looking to do with this is take each host host1, host2 and insert that into a document, as followsp  precodecat gt .file ltlt EOF [master1] host1  [master2] host2  EOF codepre  pIf I put the here document into the while loop, it will write the last host in the loop under both master1 amp master2. p  precodecat gt .file ltlt EOF  [master1] host2  [master2] host2  EOF codepre  pHow can I ensure that when Im writing the variables in the while loop I get a unique entry under each headingp  pThanks in advancep
Positive 387 pI am running OSX 10.10.3 are there any protected alphabetic keys that cant be assigned For instance L.p
Positive 387 pIm trying to compare 2 strings. One comes from a file through the grep command and the other one never changes because Im always comparing it with the ones I create while reading file texts. If they are equal, the program should print the data associated with the content that the new string contains. Ive tried with all the syntax that bash allows cause Im new at bash but it is just not working like I expected. It looks like the second codeifcode doesnt work, because I tried earlier without that and only print the strings codeecho textcode and it worked, but not the proper way as the exercise Im doing asks for. I have to show in the console only the pid and state of the processes that are running.p  precodecd cd proc runState S sleeping for i in  ls d   do     cd i     if [ f procistatus ]         then    textgrep w S status              if [ text  run ]                 then grep w Pid status                      grep w State status              fi              cd proc         else cd proc     fi done  codepre
Positive 387 pSo I dont know scripting languages at all bare with me. I have a homework assignment where my professor provided the code for a script to execute.br I copy pasted it and when executing Im getting this errorp  precode .script257 line 9 0  11 syntax error in expression error token is 11 .script257 line 9 0  11 syntax error in expression error token is 11 codepre  pHere is the code for the script. Can anyone tell me how to fix it  I know this is a quick fix that I could email my teacher about but its due at midnight and he wont respond for days.p  precodebinbash if [  f numbers ] then     echo 0 gt numbers fi count0 while [ count ne 4000 ] do     countcount1 ntail l numbers echo n1gtgtnumbers done codepre  pThe run2 file is just  .script257 amp .script257p
Positive 387 pI am writing some tests that requires the calling program to give different error codes  e.g., test script is likep  pcputest.shp  precodestress cpu cpus timeout 30000 verbose gtgt data [  ne 0 ] ampamp passfail ampamp echo ERROR CPU stress test has failed codepre  pNow, I cant wait for 30000 seconds in my unit test. Hence I would like to to set the path to a fake stress binary that would just return an error codep  precodecat stress  binbash exit 1  codepre  pbut echo  returns 0 instead of 1 hence I am never able to test the negative test cases.p  pA C solution would be  cat fio.c p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt int main  return 1  codepre  pHow do I make a shell script return the desired error codep
Positive 387 pstrongemA SCRIPINGPROGRAMMING SOLUTION PLEASE THE KEYBOARD ISSUE MAY AS WELL BE IRRELEVANT TO WHAT I WANT TO ACCOMPLISH.  I WANT TO ACTIVELY SEARCH FOR TYPED TEXT,AND REPLACE IT,THIS IS SIMPLE ENGLISH PEOPLEemstrongp  pCan someone please provide me with a simple programmingscripting solution to help fix my keyboard. WITH EXAMPLESp  pThis is what happens if i type the ABCs and press enter after each letter.p  precodea b c3e d c3e f g h ,8i j k l m7u n .9o 0p z1q v4r s t m7u v4r x2w x2w y z1q codepre  pstrongemPLEASE DO NOT TRY TO HELP TROUBLESHOOT THE ISSUE,I HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING AND AM CONVINCED IT IS A HARDWARE PROBLEM.keyboard got wet,or shorted somehow.emstrongp  pI tried a software solution called TyperTask a hrefhttpwww.vtaskstudio.comvista.plactiondownloadamplinktypertask.exe relnofollowhttpwww.vtaskstudio.comvista.plactiondownloadamplinktypertask.exea p  pWhich seemed promising and does what i want it to door at least is supposed to but half the time it doesnt work. Im thinking because the broken keys on my keyboard type them too fast,or all at once or something.IDK.p  panyways,the way i was going to use that software was for examplep  pI press the c key and the keyboard types c3e , typer task was supposed to change it to c but doesnt work half the time A 2nd issue arises, both c and e type the same crap. So For e i set it cc3e to  e i would have to press e twice But it doesnt work for some reason.p  pstrongemANYWAYS...emstrongp  pIs there a simple coding solution to actively search for all typed text in real time on any form or application for the above glitched texts and replace them with the correct lettersp
Positive 387 pI made an alias for this function in order to kill processes in bashp  pOn my strong.bashrcstrong filep  precode  killprocess      1 being a parameter for the process name     kill ps ax  grep 1  awk print 1   alias killprocesskillprocess codepre  pSo, suppose I want to kill the codemeteorcode processp  pemLets see all meteor processesemp  precodeps aux  grep meteor  awk print 2   21565 21602 21575 21546 codepre  pemCalling the codekillprocesscode function with the aliasem p  precodekillprocess meteor  bash kill 21612  No such process codepre  pSo, the codekillprocesscode function effectively terminates the codemeteorcode processes, but its codekillcode command looks for an inexistent pid. Notice the pid code21612code wasnt listed by codeps aux  grepcode.  strongAny ideas to improve the codekillprocesscode function to avoid thisstrongp
Negative 387 pWhat tools are there available for static analysis against C code I know about FxCop and StyleCop. Are there others Ive run across NStatic before but its been in development for what seems like forever  its looking pretty slick from what little Ive seen of it, so it would be nice if it would ever see the light of day. p  pAlong these same lines this is primarily my interest for static analysis, tools for testing code for multithreading issues deadlocks, race conditions, etc. also seem a bit scarce. Typemock Racer just popped up so Ill be looking at that. Anything beyond thisp  pReallife opinions about tools youve used are appreciated.p
Negative 387 pWhat is the best way for converting phone numbers into international format E.164 using Javap  pGiven a phone number and a country id lets say an ISO country code, I would like to convert it into a standard E.164 international format phone number.p  pI am sure I can do it by hand quite easily  but I would not be sure it would work correctly in all situations.p  pWhich Java frameworklibraryutility would you recommend to accomplish thisp  pP.S. The phone number could be anything identifiable by the general public  such asp  precode 510 7860404  1800GOTMILK  4408007310658 codepre  pthat last one is my favourite  it is how some people write their number in the UK and means that you should either use the 44 or you should use the 0.p  pThe E.164 format number should be all numeric, and use the full international country code e.g.44p
Negative 387 pAt the moment, Im creating an XML file in Java and displaying it in a JSP page by transforming it with XSLXSLT. Now I need to take that XML file and display the same information in a PDF. Is there a way I can do this by using some kind of XSL filep  pIve seen the a hrefhttpwww.lowagie.comiTextiTexta JavaPDF library, but I cant find any way to use it with XML and a stylesheet.p  pAny assistance would be much appreciated. Thanks in advancep
Negative 387 pQuestion  p  pShould I write my application to directly access a database Image Repository or write a middleware piece to handle document requests.p  pBackgroundp  pI have a custom Document Imaging and Workflow application that currently stores about 15 million documentsdocument images 90 single page, group 4 tiffs, the rest PDF, Word and Excel documents.  The image repository is a commercial, 3rd party application that is very expensive and frankly has too much overhead.  I just need a system to store and retrieve document images.p  pIm considering moving the imaging directly into a SQL Server 2005 database.  The indexing information is very limited  basically 2 index fields.  Its a life insurance policy administration system so I index images with a policy number and a system wide unique id number.  There are other index values, but theyre stored and maintained separately from the image data.  Those index values give me the ability to lookup the unique id value for individual image retrieval.p  pThe database server is a dualquad core windows 2003 box with SAN drives hosting the DB files.  The current image repository size is about 650GB. I havent done any testing to see how large the converted database will be.  Im not really asking about the database design  Im working with our DBAs on that aspect.  If that changes, Ill be back p  pThe current system to be replaced is obviously a middleware application, but its a very heavyweight system spread across 3 windows servers.  If I go this route, it would be a single server system.p  pMy primary concerns are scalabity and performace  heavily weighted toward performance.  I have about 100 users, and usage growth will probably be slow for the next few years. Most users are primarily read users  they dont add images to the system very often.  We have a department that handles scanning and otherwise adding images to the repository.  We also have a few other applications that receive documents via ftp and they insert them into the repository automatically as they are received, either will full index information or as batches that a user reviews and indexes.p  pMost 90 of the documentsimages are very small, lt 100K, probably lt 50K, so I believe that storage of the images in the database file will be the most efficient rather than getting SQL 2008 and using a filestream.p
Negative 387 pHow can I convert an codeInt64code to an codeInt32code type in F without using the codeMicrosoft.FSharp.Compatibility.Int32.ofint64codep  pIm doing this because interactive doesnt seem to work when I tryp  precodeopen Microsoft.FSharp.Compatibility codepre  pWith codeFSharp.PowerPackcode added as a reference it says p  blockquote   perror FS0039 The namespace Compatibility is not defined.p blockquote  pstrongEditstrong Does anyone have an answer to the question  The suggestions about the int types are useful and informative, but Im having the same issue opening the powerpack namespace in F interactive.p
Negative 387 pI have a problem, and was hoping I could rely on some of the experience here for advice and a push in the right direction. I have an MS Access file made by propietary software. I only want to take half the columns from this table, and import into newnot yet setupmysql database.p  pI have no idea how to do this or what the best way is. New data will be obtained each night, and again imported, as an automatic task.p  pOne of the columns in the access database is a url to a jpeg file, I want to download this file and import into the database as a BLOB type automatically.p  pIs there a way to do this automatically This will be on a windows machine, so perhaps it could be scripted with WSHp
Negative 387 pI cannot seem to debug my JavaScript code with Firebug. The play button is greyed out. I use FireFox 3.0.4 and Firebug 1.2.1.p  pAre there any known issuesp  pThis is the script I want to debugp  pbreakpoints set on codeltimg onclickgtcode and function codesaycode, the code executes well.p  precodelthtmlgt     ltheadgt         ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetUTF8gt         ltscript typetextjavascript srcjqueryjquery1.2.6gtltscriptgt         ltscript typetextjavascriptgt             function saytext                 alerttext                      ltscriptgt         lttitlegtDOM Level 0 Event Handlerslttitlegt     ltheadgt     ltbodygt         ltimg onclicksayVroom vroom idvstar srcvstar.jpg altvstar gt         ltdiv idconsolegtltdivgt     ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 387 pI would like to replicate a MSSQL 2005 db hosting through a shared hosting provider directly on an integration server for development purposes. MSSQL server provides quite a few ways of performing data replication, but I am not sure that any of them is compatible with a typical shared hosting environment.p  pThe idea would be to update the database once a day or so, much better if it can be done incrementally. Any idea how to proceedp
Negative 387 pIf I want to create a .NET object in the powershell I write something like the followingp  precode[System.Reflection.Assembly]LoadWithPartialNameSystem.Xml  outnull doc  newobject typename System.Xml.XmlDocument codepre  pIf I want to call a static .Net method I use a command similar to the following linep  precodepath  [System.String]Format0 1, Hello, World codepre  pI dont see the rule behind that. If it works in the first example, why cant I use codeSystem.String.Formatcode in the second onep
Negative 387 pWhat are the dangers of giving the Network Service account readwrite permissions to your ASP.NET Web application  I have to do this for any directory that my app needs to write to like AppData for my VistaDb database and some random directories to uplaod images and make changes to text files, etc.  What is the danger in doing this  And is it acceptable to just grant readwrite perms to the entire Web application for Network Servicep
Negative 387 pConsider this sample codep  precodeltdiv classcontainter idControlGroupDivgt   ltinput onbeforeupdatealertbingo 0 return false onclickalertclick 0return false idRadio1 typeradio value0 nametest checkedchecked gt     ltinput onbeforeupdatealertbingo 1 return false onclickalertclick 1return false  idRadio2 typeradio value1 nametest gt      ltinput onbeforeupdatealertbingo 2 return false onclickalertclick 2return false  idRadio3 typeradio value2 nametest gt      ltinput onbeforeupdatealertbingo 3 return false onclickalertclick 3return false  idRadio4 typeradio value3 nametest gt      ltinput onbeforeupdatealertbingo 4 return false onclickalertclick 4return false  idRadio5 typeradio value4 nametest gt      ltinput onbeforeupdatealertbingo 5 return false onclickalertclick 5return false  idRadio6 typeradio value5 nametest gt    ltdivgt codepre  pOn FireFox 2 and 3, putting the codereturn falsecode on the click event of a radio button prevents the value of it and of all the other radio buttons in the group from changing. This effectively makes it readonly without disabling it and turning it gray.p  pOn Internet Explorer, if another radio button is checked and you click on a different one in the group, the checked one clears before the click event fires on the one you clicked. However, the one you clicked on does not get selected because of the return false on the click event. p  pa hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms536913VS.85.aspx relnofollowAccording to MSDNa, the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms536908VS.85.aspx relnofollowcodeonbeforeupdatecodea event fires on all controls in the control group before the click event fires and I assumed that was where the other radio button was being cleared. But if you try the code above, no alert is ever shown from the codeonbeforeupdatecode event  you just get the click event alert. Evidently that event is never getting fired or there isnt a way to trap it.p  pIs there any event you can trap that allows you to prevent other radio buttons in the group from clearingp  pNote that this is a simplified example, we are actually using jQuery to set event handlers and handle this.p  pstrongUpdatestrong p  pIf you add this event to one of the radio buttonsp  precodeonmousedownalertomd return false codepre  pThe alert box pops up, you close it, and the click event emnever firesem. So we thought we had it figured out, but no, it couldnt be that easy. If you remove the alert and change it to this   p  precodeonmousedownreturn false codepre  pIt doesnt work. The other radio button clears and the click event on the button you clicked on fires. codeonbeforeupdatecode still never fires.p  pWe thought it might be timing thats always a theory even though its rarely true, so I tried thisp  precodeonmousedownfor i0 ilt100000 i  return false codepre  pYou click, it pauses for a while, then the other radio button clears and then the click event fires. Aaarghp  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pInternet Explorer sucks. Unless someone comes up with a good idea, were abandoning this approach and going with the checkbox jQuery extension which does do what we want, but puts a heavier clientside script burden on the page and requires more recoding of the HTML because of the ASP.Net server control rendering and masterpage name mangling.p
Negative 387 pI read a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions383975whatpaymentstructuredoyouuseforsmallprojectswhatpaymentstructuredoyouuseforsmallprojectsa and I wonder how you guys are dealing with bug vs. feature. I once had a situation where a client wanted static reports.  Then near the end of the project after most of the work on reports had been done he said he had always wanted dynamic reports. That change was not easy, because framework we choose did not support dynamic reports. It was a weird situation, because client had a programming team, so they should have known. Maybe it was just a lack of communication skills.p  pHow do you guys deal with clients trying to make you add features, because they forgot, change their mind, or were misunderstoodp  pI mean big features, not small ones.p  pEDITp  pHe stated that the budget is fixed and cant be changed and that this feature like every is critical and without it they wont accept the system. just worst case scenariop
Negative 387 pIm currently using an htaccess file to redirect users fromp  precode detail.aspCategoryIDXXampSubCategoryIDXXampProductIDXX codepre  pto p  precode catidXXsubcatidxxproductidxx codepre  pbut I now need to check theyve arrived at the correct page. Im doing this by checking that the query string values are correct. However Id rather check that the user arrived at p  precode catidXXsubcatidxxproductidxx  codepre  pso that Google doesnt index duplicate content.p  pSo what Im wondering is if theres a way of finding out the string from the URL bar before the htaccess rewrite.p  pIf Im on a pagep  precode catidXXsubcatidxxproductidxx codepre  pthen using VBScript, if I check p  precode Request.ServerVariablesURL amp Request.ServerVariablesQUERYSTRING codepre  pI get p  precode detail.aspCategoryIDXXampSubCategoryIDXXampProductIDXX codepre  pIs there any way of getting the correct URL stringp
Negative 387 pI have a file Base.hp  precodeclass Base class DerivedA  public Base class DerivedB  public Base  etc... codepre  pand another file BaseFactory.hp  precodeinclude Base.h  class BaseFactory  public   BaseFactoryconst string ampsClassNamemsClassName  sClassName    Base  Create        ifmsClassName  DerivedA            return new DerivedA          else ifmsClassName  DerivedB            return new DerivedB          else ifetc...            etc...         private   string msClassName   etc. codepre  pIs there a way to somehow convert this string to an actual type class, so that BaseFactory wouldnt have to know all the possible Derived classes, and have if for each one of them Can I produce a class from this string p  pI think this can be done in C through Reflection. Is there something similar in Cp
Negative 387 pI am developing a Browser Helper Object running inside Internet Explorer. I am writing debugging messages with codeATLTRACE...code These appear fine when Visual Studio is attached to the codeiexplore.execode process, but this is slow for a quick test. DebugView captures nothing from my BHO.p  pstrongWhy does DebugView not show BHO debug messagesstrong Is it something to do with Internet Explorer running at low integrity levelp
Negative 387 pIs there a way in entity framework or linq to sql classes to map one class to many different tables with the same schema.  For example if I have a database with thousands of tables for different stocks.  All of the tables have the same columns.  Is there a way I could have a base type class that could be used for mapping the data to an object.  I obviously dont want to make thousands of different classes with just the table name being the difference.  Also the tables change, ie new ones are added and names of some change from time to time.  So idealy I would just have one class and when I request it I could pass in a symbol and it would map it to the correct table.p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pBecause of the confusion between all the info that is out there about mvc from all the preview releases and the one official release I am very confused how to deal with viewusercontrols. So once and for all, tell me how to implement this examplep  pI have a list of upcoming events that needs to be displayed on several pages of my website. Therefore I have put a new ViewUserControl ListEvents.ascx inside my ViewsShared folder.p  pI am requesting this ListEvents.ascx to render on my HomeIndex view like thisp  precodeltpgt     Heres a list of events     lt Html.RenderPartialListEventsgt ltpgt codepre  pHow would I go about passing my model to this viewusercontrol I know I can do thisp  precodeltpgt     Heres a list of events     lt Html.RenderPartialListEvents, new Model.Services.EventServicenull.ListEventsgt ltpgt codepre  pBut that doesnt seem like a very smart thing to do, creating a new model from inside a view Or am I wrong here I cant even pass any validationstate, hence the null parameter. So an alternative option is to store this data into the ViewData[] member, but my viewusercontrol is not supposed to be dependant on the ViewData of its parentp  pIm sure there is a very simple answer to this, please share as Im done browsing the web for this problem.p  pThanksp  pstrongSimple Answerstrong A viewusercontrol should always receive its model from the View in which it resides. Working around this, like by adding a codebehind file to a viewusercontrol, would break the MVC pattern.p
Negative 387 pI cant access my host machine from my guest machine using the computer name i.e. WINS.  I can access it using whatever IP address it happens to have at the time, but I need a consistent way of accessing it even if Im not online.p  pI have a Windows Server 2003 guest virtual machine and a Vista host.  Im using Shared Networking NAT.  Im running Microsoft Virtual PC 2007 SP1.  Ive set my DNS server to 192.168.131.254 and everything else is DHCP.  Any help is appreciated.p
Negative 387 pIn HTML you can define in a form an inputfield for uploading files. This inputfield has a button attached, that pops up a filechooserdialog. How can I set the text for this buttonp
Negative 387 pI have an codeIEnumerableltIDisposablegtcode collection that I need to dispose of at a given point. The issue is that for some cases all the object will be of one type and disposing of the objects needs to be done by collecting some data from them and making a single RPC call. In other cases, the objects will be of another type and I just need to call Dispose on each of them.p  pI control the code doing this but Id rather not push implementation details into it.p  pIf I have to I can switch to something like this but it seems inelegant.p  precodewithvar rpc  new RPCDisposer      foreach var item in Items              rpc.Additem         item.Dispose       codepre  pemEditem the list for now will only contain one type or the other, never both. But Id rather the Dispose code not have to known about the RPC stuff at all, e.i.p  precodeforeach var item in Items     item.Dispose codepre
Negative 387 pIs it possible to build a ClickOnce deployment, for a Win Form application, to ask for the user to agree to a License Agreement before continuingp
Negative 387 pI want to be able to find out how much space is left in my database files so that I can know when to increase the space so it doesnt do it when the application is running hard out.p  pI would prefer to be able to script this so I can run it across multiple databases ion a regular basis.p  pI have SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005 databases but I would prefer to be able to run the same script across both.   p  pI can use Management Studio to do this manually on 2005 databases, but not on the 2000 databases.p
Negative 387 pId like to reskin a Silverlight app to be more visually compelling.  Unfortunately, I went to school for computer science, not design, and I have trouble deciding if two colors even match.  How do I get started  Let me add that time and money are both factors so pursuing a design degree isnt an option though it might be ideal.p  pEDIT I also need to learn how to implement good design, so any guidance on the toolsets Blend or Illustrator would be helpful too.p
Negative 387 pId like to extract the content of a MS Word 2003 document into HTML in C.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 387 pI have done this by the book multiple times and have also tried using someone elses WAR to deploy, but I keep getting the same error. I am running JBoss 4.2.3 and have tried this on multiple installations of 4.2.3p  pI have verified that the supposed missing file file exists.p  precode191915,853 INFO [ContextLoader] Root WebApplicationContext initialization completed in 54014 ms 191918,172 ERROR [STDERR] javax.servlet.ServletException The configuration file cound not be found at WEBINFcfformflexconfig.xml 191918,174 ERROR [STDERR] at flex.server.j2ee.cache.CacheFilter.setupFlexServiceCacheFilter.java93 codepre  pThis error results in failure of the WAR to deployp  precode MBeans waiting for other MBeans  ObjectName jboss.web.deploymentwarcfusion.war,id611163449 State FAILED Reason org.jboss.deployment.DeploymentException URL filejeeworkspacetoolsserverdefaultdeploycfusion.war deployment failed codepre  pAny ideasp
Negative 387 pEasy question.p  pI have downloaded gnomedo and Im starting to learn about it. p  pBy mistake I have removed a file and now I want to update it with the latest version. p  pWhatst the bzr command to do thatp  pIve tried bzr update but it always says Im up to date p  pThe deleted file looks like an uncommited change. Whats the bzr option to rollback that change  I have tried revert, but only removes the previous version of the whole project and didnt recover my deleted file  p
Negative 387 pI am looking at writing a Java web application on Google App Engine. I want to be able to upload and serve images from the app but just realised that the Datastore have a 1MB limit. This is slightly too little for decent pictures. Is there an alternative way you can suggest of doing this Perhaps storing those as static content rather than in the Datastore but there seems to be no API for this.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to upload directly a picturechart from excel to a Sharepoint group URL. Here is the scriptp  phr p  pSub ExportChartJPGp  pActiveChart.Export Filenamehttpsharepoint.ap.xxxxxxxxxxxxxx.comxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxPicturesMyChart.jpg, FilterNamejpegp  pEnd Subp  phr p  pIs that possible If its not then can you suggest another way of doing it Thanksp
Negative 387 pOn a Windows XP system, Im writing a Mangaged C library which calls code in a C Assembly. Unfortunately, as soon as I start referencing a symbol in the C Assembly, running the Managed C library fails with this error I copied this from the XP crash dialogp  precodeEventType  clr20r3 P1  treeviewdemo.exe P2  0.0.0.0 P3  4a5d6d62 P4  system.windows.forms P5  2.0.0.0 P6  4889dee7 P7  12fc      P8  ac P9  system.io.filenotfoundexception codepre  pThe Manged C library is basically justp  precodeusing CMyCSharpAssembly.dll  declspecdllexport void callMangagedCode    ManagedObject o  nullptr  codepre  pThe using itself doesnt seem to cause any problem, but as soon as I start using symbols form the C DLL, I get problems. Does anybody know whats going onp  pThe codesystem.io.filenotfoundexceptioncode part makes me think that some DLL is not being found, but I have no idea which or where its looking.p
Negative 387 pIs there any way to do this in one linep  precodearr  foogtgetBarArray return arr[0] codepre  pThis throws an errorp  precodereturn foogtgetBarArray[0] codepre
Negative 387 pI know they sell a lot of apps in the app store that claim to unlock emoji keyboards. Do you know how I would go about doing this I want to made an app that enables emoji keyboards. I have payed the 100 dollar developers license fee if this makes a difference. Thanksp
Negative 387 pIm using Dippersteins bitarray.cpp class to work on bilevel black and white images where the image data is natively stored as simply as one pixel one bit.p  pI need to iterate through each and every bit, on the order of 49 megapixels per image, over hundreds of images, using a for loop, something likep  precodefor int i  0 i lt imgLength i      if myBitArray[i]  1              ... do stuff ...       codepre  pPerformance is usable, but not amazing.  I run the program through gprof and find out there is significant time and millions of calls to codestdvectorcode methods like iterator and begin.  Heres the topsampled functionsp  precodeFlat profile  Each sample counts as 0.01 seconds.      cumulative   self              self     total             time   seconds   seconds    calls   scall   scall  name      37.91      0.80     0.80        2     0.40     1.01  findPatternbitarrayc, bool, int, int, int  12.32      1.06     0.26 98375762     0.00     0.00  gnucxxnormaliteratorltunsigned char const, stdvectorltunsigned char, stdallocatorltunsigned chargt gt gtnormaliteratorunsigned char const constamp  11.85      1.31     0.25 48183659     0.00     0.00  gnucxxnormaliteratorltunsigned char const, stdvectorltunsigned char, stdallocatorltunsigned chargt gt gtoperatorint constamp const  11.37      1.55     0.24 49187881     0.00     0.00  stdvectorltunsigned char, stdallocatorltunsigned chargt gtbegin const   9.24      1.75     0.20 48183659     0.00     0.00  bitarraycoperator[]unsigned int const   8.06      1.92     0.17 48183659     0.00     0.00  stdvectorltunsigned char, stdallocatorltunsigned chargt gtoperator[]unsigned int const   5.21      2.02     0.11 48183659     0.00     0.00  gnucxxnormaliteratorltunsigned char const, stdvectorltunsigned char, stdallocatorltunsigned chargt gt gtoperator const   0.95      2.04     0.02                             bitarraycoperatorunsigned int   0.47      2.06     0.01  6025316     0.00     0.00  gnucxxnormaliteratorltunsigned char, stdvectorltunsigned char, stdallocatorltunsigned chargt gt gtnormaliteratorunsigned char constamp   0.47      2.06     0.01  3012657     0.00     0.00  gnucxxnormaliteratorltunsigned char, stdvectorltunsigned char, stdallocatorltunsigned chargt gt gtoperator const   0.47      2.08     0.01  1004222     0.00     0.00  stdvectorltunsigned char, stdallocatorltunsigned chargt gtend const ... remainder omitted ... codepre  pIm not really familiar with Cs STL, but can anyone shed light on why, for instance, stdvectorbegin is being called a few million times  And, of course, whether theres something I can be doing to speed it upp  pstrongEditstrong I just gave up and optimized the search function the loop instead.p
Negative 387 pDoes Ninject have and equivalent method for unitys registerinstance.p  pI want to create a mock object and register it.p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pIm running Classic ASP on Windows 2008 Server x64 in 64bit mode. ADODB is running fine in 64bit with classic ASP. I have a problem with mine .NET COM DLL. I have created a .NET COM DLL with such code as an samplep  precodeusing System.Runtime.InteropServices namespace TestNamespace      [GuidC446E97EB4154677B99E9644657FC98,     ProgIdTestNamespace.TestClass,     ComVisibletrue]     public class TestClass              [ComVisibletrue]         public void TestMethodstring s                      some code that uses System.Messaging to send a message                codepre  pThe DLL is compiled for Any CPU. In ASP I create object and execute methodp  precodeSet test  Server.CreateObjectTestNamespace.TestClass test.TestMethodtest string Set test  Nothing codepre  pIm registering DLL using RegAsmp  precodewindirMicrosoft.NETFrameworkv2.0.50727RegAsm.exe tlb codebase TestNamespace.dll codepre  pOn x86 platform the ASP and the DLL are running fine.p  pOn Windows 2008 Server Ive triedp  ul liCompile DLL for x64 and register using ...Framework64 v2.0.50727RegAsm.exeli liCompile for different platforms and placing in different locations including GACli limany moreli ul  pThe errors different situationsp  ul liMicrosoft VBScript runtime error 800a01ad Server.CreateObject Failedli liServer object error ASP 0177  80070002 Server.CreateObject Failedli liServer object error ASP 0177  800401f3 Server.CreateObject Failedli liServer object error ASP 0177  80131040 Server.CreateObject Failedli ul  pThe only way it worked on Windows 2008 Server x64, when ASP app pool was switched to 32bit mode. But I need it to work in 64bit I think the problem is not with permissions, because 32bit have worked.p  pAnyone have experience in classic ASP and .NET COM both running in 64bitp
Negative 387 pIm a sometime developer who is trying to get up to speed on customerfacing sites. I have a designer who has years of experience, but its all been print, so shes also ramping up on web design so Im not looking for design or usability tips. What I am interested in hearing about is the stepbystep process of doing the actual coding for a page. I want to make sure I get off on the right foot and build the pieces up in a logical order.p  pSo please share your thoughts on what things you generally do first, second, etc. in your style sheets and HTML. I mean after you already have mockups in Photoshop, or whatever and are sitting down to create your code.p  pFor example, do you first think about all the sections on your page header, nav bar, content, rss feeds, and then add appropriate DIVs to your style sheet And then go in and work on each section in detailp  pI know there have been other posts for web design tipsbest practices, but I havent found any that focus on the stepbystep coding process.p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pAssuming Im rolling my own session code, whats the right way to generate a unique and secure session id cookie in java.p  pShould I not be rolling my own but using something thats already been standardizedp  pIm using gwt and the google appengine platform.p  pHow do I make sessions persist across browserserver restartsp
Negative 387 pI have these three classesp  pbCommandbp  precodepackage pack  public abstract class Command impements java.io.Serializable      public abstract void execute  codepre  pbClientbp  precodepackage pack   imports....  public class Client      Socket socket       Constructor...      public void sendCommandCommand c               try                         new ObjectOuputStreamsocket.getOutputStream.writeObjectc           catch Exception e e.printStackTrace       codepre  pstrongMyKeyListenerstrongp  pThis keylistener is added to a component in a JFrame.p  precodepublic class MyKeyListener implements KeyListener        private Client client       public MyKeyListenerClient c       client  c         public void keyTyped..........  This method does nothing       public void keyPressedKeyEvent e                 client.sendCommandnew Command                 public void execute                                     new Robot.keyPresse.getKeyCode                                         The same for keyRelease....  codepre  pThe problem is if I run the code and he wants to send a Command. The streams stops writing  because MyKeyListener is not Serializable  But I never try to send codeMyKeyListenercodep
Negative 387 pIm using the LinqtoSQL for a WPF MVVM application, as I might want to change from LinqtoSql to something else in the future, like Entity framework or Subsonic etc, thus I found repository pattern to be helpful,p  pMy question is how do I create the model classes, suppose I have an table in the database, I understand that I cannot use the LINQtoSQL generated Class as the model class, if I do, then I would become dependent on LinqtoSQL, which inturn would take away the independence that I would have of implementing the repository pattern, does that mean that I would need to have my own custom classes for all entity classes  p
Negative 387 pI have a simple inline edit in my grid, and I want to commit the change when the user tabs off the textbox. The default behavior of jqGrid forces the user to press Enter to commit the change, but this is nonintuitive for our users.p  pimg srchttpi32.tinypic.come62iqh.jpg altalt text p  precode    onSelectRow functionid           gridCoreGroups.editRowid, true, undefined, functionresponse                          alerthello world                codepre  pIve worked my way through the events provided, but they all happen as a result of the user pressing Enter, which I want to avoid. Is there something I can wire up that would trigger an action when the user tabs off this cellp
Negative 387 pHas anyone been able to get a hrefhttpwww.uploadify.com relnofollowuploadifya to work with codeigniterp  pEverything I try it will not upload. p
Negative 387 pHow can the popup window getting started with sas be prevented from displaying when opening a second SAS session ie when a work profile is used that does not contain your normal settings p  prunning p  precodeproc options internal run codepre  preveals the TUTORIALDLG option, but I do not know the syntax to set this option at invocation  presumbably in the .CFG file..p
Negative 387 pIf a user has cookies disabled in their browser can restful authentication and role requirement still workp  pOn our site, with cookies disabled, the system wont let you log in.  Any way to fix thisp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pMy wife complains that I have too many icons on the Windows XPPro desktop.p  pI like to be able to quickly drop a file onto the icon for application I want to have open it.  And I like to follow a link to open oftenused deeply nested folders rather than navigate there.  Thus, I have over 100 icons on the desktop.p  pWe share the same user account because we switch back and forth so often and because we both need to access the same email, so separate accounts isnt the answer.p  pId like to write a program which would have similar functionality to the Windows desktop.  Then I could open that window to do the drag and drop work, but, when minimized, would leave the desktop display sparsely populated for my wife.  As an added bonus, I could implement better organization of the icons than the desktop allows.p  pThis is similar to what an Explorer window does, with the key exception that the desktop allows you to do some arrangement of icons.  For instance, program icons on the left with the most used ones near the top, folders at the top, data files on the right.p  ol lipHow do I go about getting an icon to display in a Windows Form or on an appropriate control on the form  For instance, if I drop in a link to Notepad or a link to a file folder.pli lipHow do I take the same action that the desktop does if the icon is double clicked  For instance, if a link to a folder is double clicked.pli lipHow do I take the same action that the desktop does if the icon has something dragged onto it  For instance, a text file is dragged onto the Notepad icon.pli ol  pIm using Visual Studio and C.NET for programming.p  pI know how to do basic drag and drop.p  pI do not knowbr A. what controls to use on the form to display the iconsbr B. how to find the iconbr C. what commands are built by the desktop under various situations so I can emulate the functionalityp  pI apologize that this is a multipart question, but it was hard to break apart without explaining the whole story again.p
Negative 387 pSo I ran into this problem trying to implement MVVM. AFAIK the best way to execute a method in the ViewModel class is through a CommandBinding.p  precodeltButton CommandBinding DoSomethingCommand gt codepre  pOnly this time I need to do something on a ListBoxItem double click, and the ListBoxItem doesnt implement ICommandSource. So Im wondering whats the best approach to do this, if there is one.p  pThanksp  pEditp  pI just thought of a way, but it seems rather hacky. What if I expose the ListBox.DoubleClick event, and my ViewModel class subscribes to it and runs the correct method when the DoubleClick is firedp
Negative 387 pThe shadowbox video plugin is not working in IE7 although it works fine in Firefox and Safari. p  pAny comments would be really appreciated. p  pSitep  pa hrefhttpwww.carolinedawes.com.auupdateabcgardeningaustralia.html relnofollowhttpwww.carolinedawes.com.auupdateabcgardeningaustralia.htmlap  pHTMLp  precodelta hrefmabcgardeningaustraliacarolinedawes.mov relshadowboxheight272width480gt ltimg srciabcgardeningaustraliacarolinedawesgardeningadelaide.jpg altcaroline dawes gt ltagt codepre  pJavascriptp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt Shadowbox.init     players    [qt]  ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 387 pI want to output all lines between a and b in a file.p  pThis works but seems like overkillp  precodehead n 900 file.txt  tail n 100 codepre  pMy lack of unix knowledge seems to be the limit here. Any suggestionsp
Negative 387 pIm in the process of learning ASP.NET. I bought some books on the subject. All of them suggest that using the data source controls, like ObjectDataSourceSqlDataSource etc. are the way to go. Now, Im definitely not an expert on the subject, far from it actually. but I have a strong feeling that these are toy tools. I have a hard time believing that these classes would be used in a real world, enterprise grade application. Am I right Or do these classes actually do have a place in large scale web applicationsp  pThanks, Avip
Negative 387 pI used AJAX to populate a div and then, a hrefhttpmalsup.comjquerycyclepager2.html relnofollowcycle plugin ita p  phere is the a hrefhttpwww.studioteknik.comhtml2photoportfolio.php relnofollowpagea, and here is the code calling cyclep  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function          photoviewer.loadphotolist.shtml ani         alert photo loaded         document.readyfunction              ani.cycle fx      turnDown,                               speed   fast,                               timeout 0,                               pager   nav              alertdone                    ltscriptgt codepre  pI get this error  [cycle] terminating zero elements found by selector, but with firebug i SEE the image list as where it should be...p  pso i am clueless, any help welcome p  p take note, the error console warning section is going crazy p
Negative 387 pI have a project that uses ant to build and ivy for dependencies.  I would like to generate the start scripts for my project, with the classpath, based on the dependencies configured in Ivy, especially as the order of dependencies may be important and needs to be preserved from the order in the ivy config.p  pHas anyone done this before  I also need to generate relative paths in the classpath so I cant use absolute paths as this will only work for the machine on which the build is done.p  pEDIT  Based on feedback if we cut Ivy out the equation do the resolve to a directory of my choice I can then probably resolve the list of libs ok.  But how would I generate a classpath suitable for a start script, especially with the relative paths relative to my bin directoryp  pe.g.p  precodeinstall     bin lt scripts here     lib lt jars here codepre  pSo in my codebinstart.shcode I need to have code..libcode in front of every jar reference rather than a full absolute path.p  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pI have a formsubform for inputting data into an ado table.  The main forms recordset is a local table of Widgets and information about the widgets WidgetID, WidgetName, size, color, location, etc.  I am inputting test data multiple tests per widget, all with unique dates through the subform which is connected to an ADO recordset to a table called Tests.  I have a combo box, findWidget, in the main form where the user can choose a WidgetID and it updates some info on the main form. I have also written VBA code to do the job of the parentchild relationship to change the recordset of the subform to only show the Tests that correspond to that WidgetID.  However, There is a field for the WidgetID in the subform that I would like to be filled in automatically when i choose the WidgetID in the main form.  This just worked before I applied the ADO recordset i was using two local tables, and I set up a parentchild relationship.  However, with ADO it seems parentchild doesnt work so I have to vba it.  Here is the code I have tried, this is for when the subform loadsbr codePrivate Sub FormLoadbr   Me.UCI  FormsInputMainForm.findWidgetbr End Subcodebr The code executes with no errors, but the control in the subform is not updated.  It is just blank upon loading the form. Maybe the code should be in the after update of the findWidget combo  I dont know.  If I put it there Im not really sure how to refer to the controls of the subform.  Any ideasbr Thanks.p
Negative 387 pI have an input box that is inside of a div, the div has a background image and the input box inside of it is positioned and limited in size  font to work nicely with the background image.  In FF everything works as expected, in IE though there is a major issue.  I cant select the text inside of the input box using the mouse or use shortcuts like shiftendhome, ctrlleftright.  You can move around using the mouse keys and use the deletebackspace keys to adjust the text.  The HTML looks something like thisp  precodeltdiv classmycontainergt   ltinput typetext namemytextinput classmyinput gt ltdivgt codepre  pAny insight would be greatly appreciated.  p  pI would like to add some more information, im attaching a Dojo dnd Target to the outside div.  If I dont attach the dnd then I can do the selection, once ive attached the dnd, i cant select the text anymore.  p
Negative 387 pIm trying to check sessionbasket before buying and check if database store includes same units from session p  precodeforeachSESSION[cart] AS key gt qty     sizesid[]  qty[units]  codepre  poutput from sessionp  precodeArray     [0] gt 1 units     [1] gt 5 units  codepre  plets assume that there is max 2 units in db, and 5 in session. I need to loop through the database and check if session is equal session output. if true, insert into db else, redirect frontp
Negative 387 pI use the following code in the FormCreate event handler to create a system tray icon.  When I run my program the system tray icon appears fine.p  pI set my application be started automatically on windows start up.  When I restart the computer my applications process is started but the system tray icon never appears.  p  pI think it might be something to do with the timing of when the code is run, that perhaps the system tray isnt ready to be populated.p  pI get my app to run at start up via its NSIS installer  WriteRegStr HKLM SoftwareMicrosoftWindowsCurrentVersionRun MyApp INSTDIR MyApp.exep  pCode to create system tray icon p  precodewith TrayIconData do   begin     cbSize  SizeOfTrayIconData     Wnd  Handle     uID  0     uFlags  NIFMESSAGE  NIFICON  NIFTIP     uCallbackMessage  WMICONTRAY     hIcon  Application.Icon.Handle     StrPCopyszTip, Application.Title   end    ShellNotifyIconNIMADD, TrayIconData codepre
Negative 387 pDoes anyone have a solution for the color bleeding when using a StateImageList with a Windows Forms TreeViewp  pUsing the same ImageList with assigned to the TreeViews ImageList property, results in correct rendering as can be seen by the following image.p  pimg srchttpxacc.files.wordpress.com200912bleeding.png alt24 bitp  pThe state images are left, normal images are right. All images are sourced from the same ImageList instance.p  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pI converted the images to 16 color indexed palette. Seems it does not like that either. Its a bit better, but still far from acceptable.p  pimg srchttpxacc.files.wordpress.com200912bleeding4bit.png alt4 bitp
Negative 387 pI have a controller named salescontroller at this controller I got a function in wich I want top  ol liupdate information about the sale  DONEli licreate a new record on other model  DONEli liupdate a field on a user record  PROBLEMli ol  pMy last attempted to do this wasp  precodeAppimportmodel,User user thisgtAuthgtuser nr  thisgtAuthgtusernr  1   ifusergtsavearraynrgtnr      thisgtSessiongtsetFlashDONE , true     thisgtredirectarrayactiongtpage,params  codepre  pI know that the method thisAuthuser returns an array and I read that save does not work for arrays...p  pI was trying to call read function on users, but I still dont know how I should do it. p  pThis must be something simple to do, but Im still a newbie lol.p  pSo, can anyone help mep  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI have heard the term universal type thrown around in the context of programming language type systems, does anybody know what this means  Is is something to do with objects like a String where two instances of foo are identical even though foofoo may be falsep
Negative 387 pIm going to be writing a multithreaded shared memory messaging system for ultra highvolume message delivery between processes. The messages will originate from the worker threads of a webserver. Id like to exploit the CPU cache locality that cores on the same CPU share. So that when I wake up a worker thread on the receiving end of this IPC system, I wake up a thread on the same CPU.p  pI need for Linux prefferably POSIX in genaral and windows the API calls and the bitmasking I need to do to extract the information which will let me classify the executing threadid  from the context of said thread  using the following structp  precodestruct threadcoreid      uint16t cpuId     uint16t coreId  codepre  pFunctions for both platforms will be greatly appreciated. Im hoping this can be done without system calls  i.e., contextswitches.p  p edit  p  pIm focusing on x86 at the moment, but other architectures would be useful as well.p
Negative 387 pThis might be a dumb question. I think I already know the answer, just clarify. If you declare a object in varible1 and then pass the value into varible2. If you decide to null varible2 would that kill just the reference or the object itself as well. I want to say no, but then again, everything you do to the reference it self, also affects the space in memory.p  pthese are the 2 varibles in my class. p  precodeprivate var objectsArray private var viewableObjectsArray codepre  pabove are class varibles. Later on in my code I add an object to the objects arrayp  precodeobjects[0][4]  new Enemy1 codepre  pWhen i trace i get the followingp  precode[object Enemy1] codepre  pI then add it to viewable objects arrayp  precodeviewableObjects.pushobjects[0] codepre  pnext I remove it. this is later on down the lines. I am looping through the code that is my you see a i in the first element.p  precodeviewableObjects[i][4]  null codepre  pand when I trace the same first varible objects[0][4]... it shows p  precodenull codepre
Negative 387 pI have a SQL Server 2000 database. When I run the following commandp  pselect  from sysindexkeys p  pThis display the appropriate records. p  pI then do a DBCC command for the sysindexkeys. It doesnt display anything. Strange there is no page having the sysindexkeys records. Then how the query display the list of records.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to implement Microsofts social networking solution accelerator on my Dynamics CRM deployment. Ive resolved a number of issues with the code already but this last one has me stumped. The Social Networking Accelerator hereafter referred to as SNA uses the following code to get data from Twitterp  precode        case GET             WebClient wCli  new WebClient             if creds  null                              wCli.Credentials  creds                          try                              using Stream str  wCli.OpenReadURL                                      using StreamReader reader  new StreamReaderstr                                              responseXml  reader.ReadToEnd                                                                catch WebException ex                              if ex.Response is HttpWebResponse                                      if ex.Response as HttpWebResponse.StatusCode  HttpStatusCode.NotFound                                              return null                                                       throw ex              codepre  pObviously there is a lot of setup prior to calling this code.  p  ul licreds contains valid Twitter user credentials.li liURL contains httptwitter.comstatusesreplies.xmlsinceid1amppage1li ul  pWhen I run this code within visual studio, or within a test harness outside of Dynamics CRM, it works as expected and returns a string containing XML returned from Twitter.p  pBut, when I run it inside my CRM system as part of the workflow I receive a Protocol Error at the point where the code executes wCli.OpenReadURL. Ive traced the execution and in both cases the same URL and Twitter credentials are used, outside the CRM system everything works, inside CRM, I get the errorp  precodeThe remote server returned an error 403 Forbidden. codepre  pI suspect this might be caused by the fact that Im running behind an ISA web proxy server, however the logging console in ISA suggests that the web request is never getting that far. Something is causing this to stall at source. Anyone got any suggestionsp
Negative 387 pI am trying to upload a new picture into my webpage, but in the browser it is showing the old picture. When I check in the folder the new image is being saved, but it is not showing in the page. I have tried refreshing, but it does not help. It is still the same after shutting down the browser. I have tested in different browser and it is still old image. I need help as to what can I do now. Im uploading picture using PHP coding with Ajax.p
Negative 387 pIs there a way to limit a textfield to only allow numbers 0100, thereby excluding letters, symbols and such as well I have found a way, but it is way more complicated than seems necessary.p
Negative 387 pAt the moment it seems Ive tried every trick in the book trying to get this to work. I need some way of encoding AMF requests and then decoding the responses. At this point I dont care what language its in, as long as its doable and free as in to me, however I would prefer PHP.p  pI dont know what other information is needed, but Im happy to supply more info  just comment thisp  pThanks.p  pEDIT It seems the version of AMFPHP I was using was broken. Using a different version that I extracted from somewhere worked.p
Negative 387 pive got a regular array with keys and values.p  pis there a simple way to remove the array element based on its value or do i have to foreachloop it through and check every value to remove itp
Negative 387 pIm trying to run a JavaScript window resize script on a page with a jQuery cycle slideshow but Im hitting some bugs I cant seem to work out. It resizes the first image fine on page load but then forgets the new heightwidth attributes for subsequent slides. I can set these again on before and after using jQuery but the images always flash in at full size for a brief moment before resizing.p  pIs jQuery.cycle resizing the slides back to their native size If so how do I stop thisp  precodedocument.readyfunction     .slideshow.cycle     fx fade,     speed 200,     timeout 1000,     pause 1,     before function currSlideElement, nextSlideElement, options, forwardFlag        resize     ,     after function currSlideElement, nextSlideElement, options, forwardFlag        resize            .slideshow.findimg.cssheight, 0   image.hide.idle1000.fadeIn   resize   window.resizefunction     resize   function resize     var theheight  window.innerHeight   var thewidth  window.innerWidth    var imageheight  theheight  200    if imageheight gt 540      imageheight  540      if imageheight lt 300      imageheight  300       var imagewidth  imageheight  0.6585365    .slide.cssheight, imageheight   .slide.csswidth, imagewidth   .slide.attrheight, imageheight   .slide.attrwidth, imagewidth   codepre
Negative 387 pI want to write a java program to print Unicode characters. I want to detect and not print UnknownUnassigned CHaracters which are shown by a rectangular. I have tried isDefined and  isISOControl from Character class, but it does not work. Does anybody know the solution it will be a big help for me.p  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pThis is driving me nuts.  Im trying to use a conditional IE6 stylesheet.  a hrefhttpwww.casjam.comdemoieconditional relnofollowI posted this test page herea.  Here is the code I placed in my head tagsp  precodelt[if IE 6]gt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefie6.css gt lt[endif]gt codepre  pThe ie6.css should set the body background to red when viewed in IE6.p  pWhats wrong here  Im sure its something dumb.  Could someone please point it out to mep
Negative 387 pHow do I do thisp  precode if thestring        if thestring.find1 gt 0        endif    endif  codepre  pI am assuming I need to build a template filter Will that workp
Negative 387 pOn the iPad gallery at a hrefhttpmovies.apple.comipadgallery relnofollowhttpmovies.apple.comipadgallerya there is a nifty 3Dish view when you click on the 360Button on the lower right. It seems to be built with Prototype, some custom JS and 180 single JPEGs.br Now, I dont want to steal Apples code, but I emreallyem would like to have a similar effect.  Im afraid recreating the effect all by myself would be too much for me, so  has anybody ever done something like this and released it as open source or a paid library or something like this  Integration with jQuery would be an added bonus.p
Negative 387 pHow can I find out the drive letters of available CDDVD drivesp  pI am using Python 2.5.4 on Windows.p
Negative 387 pMy data is structured in a way that I ended up creating a nested dictionary in my design likep  precodemydict  a b cI am c    mydict[a][b][c] codepre  pIs it usual or we have some other better alternatives using objectsp
Negative 387 pHow can i check if the excel file on which i a working manipulating its data or deleting it or overwriting it is in used  and how to release it from the same in c please guidep
Negative 387 pI have a dilemma with the following scenariosp  pstrongDilemma No.1strongp  pCookiesp  pIts good for users who access the website from hisher personal computer no need to select preferred language again, but what happens if a language was fist selected in a public PC e.g library by someone, then it doesnt make too much sense because someone else with another language preferences may come.p  pstrongDilemma No.2strongp  pLanguage Detectionp  pIf the webpage detects the language from the location. What happen with the foreigners living in that country Is it more probable that the foreigners living in a country use a browser which is set to hisher language.p  pI already have a menu to select the language but I think automation is good.p  pWhich could be the best solutionp
Negative 387 pThe latex file is giving the following error p  p LaTeX Error File datetime.sty not found.p  pHere is the Latex Code  codeusepackagedatetimecodep  pPlease let me know, if I am missing something. p  pI am using Debian 3.1 Linux Machine. Would appreciate any useful pointers or help.p  pThanksp  pKiranp
Negative 387 phow can i convert this into an array if someone searches for lo he gets the text no query, but how can i do this for more words i tried it with array1,2..p  precodeif query  lo    exit No Query.  codepre  pi want something like thisp  precodeif query  lo, mip, get    exit No Query.  codepre  pso, if someone types mip he gets the message.. thank youp
Negative 387 pWhere in this pattern I can place services, about which I some much hear and want use What is the purpose of use Services WCF in MVVM p  pWhich of services Web Services, WCF or RIA is the best and the easiest for MVVM I only read about realy simple WCF contracts and RIA which have from start create Update,Insert etc method...p
Negative 387 pI now split the sting op , only like thisp  precodeastring  pregsplit[,], sting codepre  pI also want to split the sting on  and  but i cant find the right regex.p
Negative 387 pI copy the MSBuild.Community.Tasks.xsd file in MSBuild Commnunity Tasks source code to the CProgram FilesMicrosoft Visual Studio 10.0XmlSchemas1033MSBuild folder of Visual Studio to get the Intellisense for the tasks but it doesnt workp  pI did try to add the schema using the property pane when editing the .proj files but whenever I add the .xsd file, the Intellisense will stop working immediately. I tryied to turn it off by removing it from the schemas in the property pane, my script with MSBuild Community Tasks s tasks run files but no Intellisense then.p  pCan anyone help me pleasep
Negative 387 pI have my own typep  precodeCREATE TYPE MyType AS TABLE      foo INT  codepre  pand a function receiving it as a parameterp  precodeCREATE FUNCTION Test      in MyType READONLY  RETURNS return MyType AS ... codepre  pcan it return codeMyTypecode or only codeTABLEcode repeating MyTypes structurep  precodeCREATE FUNCTION Test      in MyType READONLY  RETURNS return TABLE foo INT AS ... codepre  pp
Negative 387 pIm having trouble setting the path to a DLL that is not in the same directory as the executable.p  pI have a reference to dllA.dll. At present, everything is just copied into the same directory and all is well however, I need to move the executable to another directory while still referencing the DLL in the original directory.p  pSo, its setup likep  pstrongCOriginalDirstrongp  precodeprogram.exe dllA.dll dllB.dll dllC.dllcodepre  pBut I need to have it setup likep  pstrongCNewDirstrongp  precodeprogram.exe dllB.dll dllC.dlcodepre  pSuch that it is still able to reference dllA.dll in COriginaldirp  pI tried the following, but to no availp  ul liSet the Copy Local value to false for dllA.dll because I want it to be referenced in its original location.li liUnder Tools  Options  Projects and Solutions  VC Directories I have added the path to COriginalDirli liAdded COriginalDir to both the PATH and LIB environment variablesli ul  pAt runtime, it informs me that it cannot locate dllA.dll  Maybe the above steps I took only matter at compile timep  pI was able to find this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1382704cspecifyingalocationfordllreferencehttpstackoverflow.comquestions1382704cspecifyingalocationfordllreferenceap  pBut I was thinking that my above method emshouldveem worked.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 387 pAfter some struggling I managed to get boost smart pointers to build for Windows CEMobile at warning level 4.p  pI found the leastresistanceway to get rid of compile errors and warnings to bep  precodedefine BOOSTNOMEMBERTEMPLATES codepre  pWhat does it actually mean Did I sell my soul to the devil Will all hell break loose when I actually strongusestrong the typesp
Negative 387 pI cannot compile this code under SUAp  precodeinclude ltunistd.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltpthread.hgt void  threadfunctionvoid arg       printfthreadfunction started. Arg was sn, char arg       pause for 3 seconds      sleep3       exit and  return a message to another thread       that may be waiting for us to finish      pthreadexit thread one all done  int main       int res      pthreadt athread      void threadresult       create a thread that starts to run     threadfunction      pthreadcreate ampathread, NULL,      threadfunction, voidthread one      printfWaiting for thread to finish...n       now wait for new thread to finish       and get any returned message in threadresult      pthreadjoinathread, ampthreadresult      printfThread joined, it returned sn, char threadresult      exit0  codepre  pIm running on Windows 7 Ultimate x64 with Visual Studio 2008 and 2010 and I have installedp  ul liWindows Subsystem for UNIXli liUtilities and SDK for Subsystem for UNIXbased Applications in Microsoft Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2li ul  pInclude directories property of Visual Studio project is set to CWindowsSUAusrincludep  pWhat I have to configure in order to compile and run and possibly debug pthreads programs in Visual Studio 2010 or 2008p
Negative 387 pI wonder if some can help me out with this little problem. I have the following insert statementp  precodeinsert into symbol syid, syfgcolor, sybgcolor, syicon select 302, 0, 16245177, syicon  select  from openrowsetbulk Kmypathiconsmyicon.png, singleblob as image codepre  pIs it possible to make the path relative in any way Im using TFS to deploy the database, so if its not possible to make it relative with TSQL, maybe it can be done with a little help from TFSVisual Studio deployp
Negative 387 pI had been storing my data in a dropdown that was also on the page I am writing about. But the user doesnt want to see that dropdown now. If I make it go away, the data it was providing to my autocomplete data goes away. So I figured I would create a separate .aspx page and call it that way. Its not working. What do you think Im doing wrongp  pHere is the jQuery call in document.readyfunctionp  precode[idtxtEntry2].autocompleteLookupCodes.aspxtypeIC,  mustMatch true  codepre  pHere is the .aspx page. It calls one of two methods that return a list of stringsp  precodeprotected void PageInitobject sender, EventArgs e                      get the parameter from the query string, pass to fetch data             string whichSearch  Request.QueryString[type]              FC  FeedCode, IC  Ing. Code             if whichSearch  FC                              Listltstringgt feedCodes  SearchFeedCodes                 foreach string feedCode in feedCodes                                      Response.WritefeedCode                                           else IC                             Listltstringgt ingCodes  SearchIngredientCodes                 foreach string ingCode in ingCodes                                      Response.WriteingCode                                        codepre
Negative 387 pGuys is there a way to add all the zip files to a new zip file.p
Negative 387 pThis will be a little backwards from the typical approach.p  pIve used ExifTool for metadata manipulation before, but I really want to keep the best metadata backup I can before I make anything permanent.p  pWhat I want to do is remove the compressed image portion of a JPEG file to leave everything else intact. Thats backing up EXIF, Makernotes, IPTC, XMP, etc whether at the beginning or end of the file.p  pWhat Ive tried so far is to strip all metadata from a copy of the original JPEG, and use it as a basis of what bytes will be taken out of the original. After looking at the raw data, it doesnt seem like the stripped copy is contiguous in the original copy. There may be some header information still remaining in the stripped version. I dont really know. Not a good way to do it, I suppose.p  pAre there any markers that will absolutely tell me where the compressed JPEG image data starts and ends I understand that JPEG files have 0xFFD8 and 0xFFD9 to mark the start and end of the image, but have come to find out that metadata is actually between those markers.p  pIm using C.p  pThank you.p
Negative 387 pIm getting an UnauthorizedAccesExpection  Invalid crossthread access exception when I try to raise a PropertyChanged event from within a subscription to an IObservable collection created through Observable.Interval.p  pWith my limited threading knowledge Im assuming that the interval is happening on some other thread while the event wants to happen on the UI thread  An explanation of the problem would be very useful.p  pThe code looks a little likep  precodevar subscriber  Observable.IntervalTimeSpan.FromSeconds1                 .Subscribex gt                                      Prop  x  setting property raises a PropertyChanged event                  codepre  pAny solutionsp  pEditp  pThis code is being executed from a ViewModel not a DependencyObject.p
Negative 387 phello  how we could add a special class for labels and errors for a zendformelement for example html output code before add  classesp  precodeltdt idusernamelabelgtltlabel forusername classrequiredgtuser nameltlabelgtltdtgt ltdd idusernameelementgt ltinput typetext nameusername idusername value classinput gt ltul classerrorsgtltligtValue is required and cant be emptyltligtltulgtltddgt codepre  pand code after we add classesp  precodeltdt idusernamelabelgtltlabel forusername classrequsernamegtuser nameltlabelgtltdtgt ltdd idusernameelementgt ltinput typetext nameusername idusername value classinput gt ltul classerrusernamegtltligtValue is required and cant be emptyltligtltulgtltddgt codepre  pthanksp
Negative 387 pIm trying to create a stacked bar graph with variable coloring in each stacked bar that is, one bar has say blue on top of red, the next one red on top of purple, etc. I also wanted to preserve the ability to stack graphs. Thank you so much guys.p  pAdamp
Negative 387 pI need to go though a content of element, and replace every tabulator t with text Heres a tab. How is this possiblep  pMartti Lainep
Negative 387 pIm trying to persist user settings to a configuration file using ConfigurationManager.p  pI want to scope these settings to the user only, because application changes cant be saved on VistaWin 7 without admin privileges. p  pThis seems to get me the users configuration, which appears to be saved here in Win 7 [Drive]Users[Username]AppDataLocal[ApplicationName][AssemblyName][hash][Versionp  precodeConfiguration config  ConfigurationManager.OpenExeConfigurationConfigurationUserLevel.PerUserRoamingAndLocal codepre  pWhenever I try to save any changes at all to this config I get this exceptionp  precodeInnerException System.InvalidOperationException MessageConfigurationSection properties cannot be edited when locked. SourceSystem.Configuration StackTrace     at System.Configuration.SectionInformation.VerifyIsEditable     at System.Configuration.MgmtConfigurationRecord.GetConfigDefinitionUpdatesBoolean requireUpdates, ConfigurationSaveMode saveMode, Boolean forceSaveAll, ConfigDefinitionUpdatesamp definitionUpdates, ArrayListamp configSourceUpdates codepre  pI have tried adding a custom ConfigurationSection to this config. I have tried adding to the AppSettingsSection. Whenever I call codeconfig.Savecode it throws the exception above.p  pAny ideasp  pI tried using the ApplicationSettingsBase class through the ProjectSettings designer, but it doesnt appear that you can save custom types with this. I want similar functionality with the ability to save custom types.p  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pFastCGI is old but it still seems like it must be the right answer in some cases.p  pIt seems like the preferred deployment of PerlCatalyst web applications is with FastCGI. p  pFastCGI was popular with Rails but seems to no longer be. Whyp  pThe Java world doesnt seem to have anything to do with FastCGI. Is something like Tomcat way better than ApacheFastCGIp  pIs choosing FastCGI still a good idea or just a lingering technologyp  pTedp
Negative 387 pUnder what circumstances would a hrefhttpjava.sun.comj2se1.5.0docsapijavautilzipZipFile.htmlclose2829 relnofollowjava.util.zip.ZipFile.closea throw an IOException Its method signature indicates that it can be thrown, but from the source code there doesnt seem to be any place where this could happen, unless its in native code. What corrective action, if any, could be taken at the point where that exception is caughtp
Negative 387 pI have a custom user control called GoalProgressControl. Another user control contains GoalProgressControl and sets its GoalName attribute via databinding in XAML. However, the GoalName property is never set. When I check it in debug mode GoalName remains null for the controls lifetime.p  pHow do I set the GoalName property Is there something I am doing incorrectlyp  pI am using .NET Framework 4 and Silverlight 4. I am relatively new to XAML and Silverlight so any help would be greatly appreciated.p  pI have attempted to change GoalProgressControl.GoalName into a POCO property but this causes a Silverlight error, and my reading leads me to believe that databound properties should be of type DependencyProperty. Ive also simplified my code to just focus on the GoalName property the code is below with no success.p  pHere is GoalProgressControl.xamlp  precodeltUserControl xClassGoalView.GoalProgressControl xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml DataContextBinding RelativeSourceRelativeSource Self Height100gt  ltBorder Margin5 Padding5 BorderBrush999 BorderThickness1gt     ltTextBlock TextBinding GoalNamegt ltBordergt ltUserControlgt codepre  pGoalProgressControl.xaml.csp  precodepublic partial class GoalProgressControl  UserControl, INotifyPropertyChanged       public GoalProgressControl              InitializeComponent            public event PropertyChangedEventHandler PropertyChanged     public void NotifyPropertyChangedstring propertyName              if PropertyChanged  null                      PropertyChangedthis, new PropertyChangedEventArgspropertyName                    public static DependencyProperty GoalNameProperty  DependencyProperty.RegisterGoalName, typeofstring, typeofGoalProgressControl, null     public string GoalName              get                      return StringGetValueGoalProgressControl.GoalNameProperty                  set                      base.SetValueGoalProgressControl.GoalNameProperty, value             NotifyPropertyChangedGoalName                codepre  pIve placed GoalProgressControl on another pagep  precode    ltGrid Grid.Row1 Grid.Column1 Grid.ColumnSpan2 Margin5 Backgroundeee Height200gt         ltBorder BorderBrush999 BorderThickness1 BackgroundWhitegt             ltStackPanelgt                 lthgcSectionTitleBar xNamettlGoals TitlePersonal Goals ImageSource..Imagescheck.png UriPagesGoalPage.xaml MoreVisibilityVisible gt                 ltItemsControl ItemsSourceBinding PathGoalItemsgt                     ltItemsControl.ItemTemplategt                         ltDataTemplategt                             ltTextBlock TextBinding Path[Name]gt                             ltgoalGoalProgressControl GoalNameBinding Path[Name]gt                          ltDataTemplategt                     ltItemsControl.ItemTemplategt                 ltItemsControlgt             ltStackPanelgt         ltBordergt     ltGridgt codepre  pPlease note the commented out TextBlock item above. If I comment in the TextBlock and comment out the GoalProgressControl, the binding works correctly and the TextBlock shows the GoalName correctly. Also, if I replace the GoalName property above with a simple text string ex hello world, the control renders correctly and hello world is shown on the control when it renders.p
Negative 387 pIf Im trying to delete multiple rows from a table and one of those rows cant be deleted because of a database relationship, what will happenp  pWill the rows that arent constrained by a relationship still be deleted  Or will the entire delete failp
Negative 387 pWhat are the benefits of storing XML in SQL Server over storing JSON in a varchar fieldp  pAny tutorial available for how to use the XML data type effectivelyp  pDo I need to provide the dtd  xml schema somehow  Ive heard it is optional, rightp  pThank you.p  pstrongUPDATEstrong heres the answer to the last part of the Q.p  blockquote   pXML schema information is used in   storage and query optimizations. Typed   XML instances contain typed values in   the internal, binary representation as   well as in XML indexes. This provides   efficient processing of typed XML   data.p blockquote  pquoted from a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms345117SQL.90.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms345117SQL.90.aspxap
Negative 387 pI have a tabbar based app.  In the app delegate, Ive implementedp  precode voidtabBarControllerUITabBarController tabBarController didSelectViewControllerUIViewController viewController     if[viewController isKindOfClass[TabBNavigationController class]]     NSNotificationCenter nc  [NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter]     [nc postNotificationNameTabBClicked      objectself userInfonil] codepre  pand fire off a notification.  ViewB is displayed when tabB is pressed.  ViewB is inside a UINavigationController.  The problem is ViewBs viewWillAppear fires before the above event.  I need to know TabB was clicked before ViewBs viewWillAppear fires.  Is there another way to get in front of viewWillAppear in this casep
Negative 387 pI have some simple HTMLp  precodeltdiv idselectorContainergt     ltdiv idchainedSelector styledisplay nonegtlt Html.RenderPartialProjectSuggestChainedProjectSelector gtltdivgt     ltdiv idsuggestSelectorgtlt Html.RenderPartialProjectSuggestSuggestControl, new SuggestModeDTORegistrationMode  Model.RegistrationMode gtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pwhich is two containers for controls. I have jQuery code to toggle between displaying these, but I need to store as a cookie which one was used last time the user was logged in i.e. which one was visible. The storing of the cookie is not the problem.p  pThe problem is that I for some reason am not able to detect which one is the hidden one, using .ishidden, and not able to detect which one is visible using .isvisiblep  pWhen I use those two selectors, I always get both. true and true for both, eventhough one has display none and the other doesnt. Please note that they are NOT placed inside a hidden container which otherwise would hide both, so there are not any hidden ancestor containers.p  pCan anyone maybe explain why this could happenp  pjQuery code containing source for getting the Ids and for getting the selected one which currently is brokenp  precodegetChainedSelectorId function      return chainedSelector ,  getSuggestSelectorId function      return suggestSelector ,  getSelectedSelector function      alertthis.getChainedSelectorId.ishidden     alertthis.getSuggestSelectorId.ishidden     var selected  this.getChainedSelectorId.isvisible  this.getChainedSelectorId  this.getSuggestSelectorId     alertselected     return selected , codepre  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pI have a checkbox column, and it is working just as intended.p  pHow do I get the selected rows  p  pId like to get the ones that are checked and run a method using another field of the same row.p
Negative 387 pI use Vim editor for programming and heres the problem that I am facing.p  pI am using multiple tabs to edit C and Python files simultaneously and I have added the following in my .vimrc filep  precodefiletype plugin indent on au filetype python set mppython3  au filetype cpp set mpg Werror Wextra Wall ansi pedanticerrors g  codepre  pi.e all I want is that when I switch to a tab with a Python file and run codemakecode, it should run codepython3 code, and when I switch to a tab with a C file and run codemakecode it should run codeg Werror Wextra Wall ansi pedanticerrors g codep  pHowever its not working, and everytime I switch the tab and run codemakecode, it tries to execute codeg Werror Wextra Wall ansi pedanticerrors g code and when I run codeset ftcode on the 2 filesi.e Python and C to check whether the filetypes have been correctly identified or not, I get the correct result i.e python and cpp.p  pThen why is this autocommand not working Am I missing something Thanks for your patiencep
Negative 387 pI have written a COM object that in turn uses a thrid party ActiveX control.  In my FinalConstruct for my COM object, I instantiate the ActiveX control with the follow codep  precode  HRESULT hRes   LPCLASSFACTORY2 pClassFactory   hRes  CoInitializeExNULL,COINITAPARTMENTTHREADED   bool bTest  SUCCEEDEDhRes   if bTest    return EFAIL   if SUCCEEDEDCoGetClassObjectuuidofSerialPortSniffer, CLSCTXINPROCSERVER, NULL,    IIDIClassFactory2, LPVOID amppClassFactory     ... more set up code codepre  pWhen I step over the line if SUCCEEDEDCoGetClassObjectuuidofSerialPortSniffer, ..., I get 20 lines in the Output window statingp  blockquote   pFirstchance exception at 0x0523f82e   in SillyComDriver.exe 0xC0000005   Access violation writing location   0x00000000.p blockquote  pI also get the linesp  blockquote   pFirstchance exception at 0x051e3f3d   in SillyComDriver.exe 0xC0000096   Privileged instruction. Firstchance   exception at 0x100ab9e6 in   SillyComDriver.exe 0xC000001D   Illegal Instruction.p blockquote  pNotice these are firstchance exceptions.  The program runs as expected I can access the third party methodsproperties. Still, Im left wondering why they are occurring.  Perhaps my way of instantiating the ActiveX control for which I want use of its methodsproperties and not its GUI stuff is incorrect  Besides the code Im showing, I also put the linep  precodeimport spsax.dll nonamespace  codepre  pin the stdafx.h Thats all the code necessary for my simple demo project.  I noticed this problem because I had inadvertently set the break on exceptions options in my real project and it was breaking on this line.  Once I removed it, it also works.  p  pIf youre read this far thank you, and perhaps I can ask one other minor question.  In my demo project, if I right click on SerialPortSniffer and go to definition, it takes me to the file C....AppDataLocalTempspsax.tlh.  Can someone explain that  Finally, in my real project, right clicking on  SerialPortSniffer and going to difinition leads to The symbol SerialPortSniffer is not defined.  It doesnt seem to affect the program though.  Is there some setting Ive messed up p  pBy the way, all my code is written w VS2008.p  pThanks, Davep
Negative 387 pIm trying to write a shell extension using C however I havent found any example on the web about how to use a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarybb76214128VS.8529.aspx relnofollowSHCreateShellFolderViewa windows API function. Does anyone has some example of how to use itp  pIm trouble to use it on Windows 7.p
Negative 387 pThis is a followup to a question Id asked earlier which phrased this as more of a programming problem than a database problem.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2935985postgreserrorwithsinatrahamldatamapperonherokuhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2935985postgreserrorwithsinatrahamldatamapperonherokuap  pI believe the problem has been isolated to the storage of the ID column in Herokus Postgres database after running codedbpushcode.p  pIn short, my app runs properly on my original MySQL database, but throws Postgres errors on Heroku when executing any query on the ID column, which seems to have been stored in Postgres as TEXT even though it is stored as INT in MySQL. My question is why the ID column is being created as INT in Postgres on the data transfer to Heroku, and whether theres any way for me to prevent this.p  pHeres the output from a codeheroku consolecode session which demonstrates the issuep  precodeRuby console for myapp.heroku.com gtgt Post.first.title gt Welcome to First gtgt Post.first.title.class gt String gtgt Post.first.id gt 1 gtgt Post.first.id.class gt Fixnum gtgt Post[1] PostgresError ERROR  operator does not exist text  integer LINE 1 ..., title, createdat FROM posts WHERE id  1 ORDER...                                                           HINT  No operator matches the given name and argument types. You might need to add explicit type casts. Query SELECT id, name, email, url, title, createdat FROM posts WHERE id  1 ORDER BY id LIMIT 1 codepre  pThanksp
Negative 387 pCan someone point me in the right direction in regards to making an api use basic http authentication p  pI am creating a restful api with symfony but would like to require users to be logged in to get certain data. I would also like many of these methods be dependent on the the username in the authentication process in order to get some of the data using the username from the credentials to get all of a users friendsp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI have a site that currently uses images on a file server. The images appear on a page where the user can drag and drop each as is needed. This is done with jQuery and the images are enclosed in a list. Each image is pretty standardp  precodeltimg srcnetworkpathimage.png height80pxgt codepre  pNow however I need to reference images stored as a BLOB in an Oracle database no choice on this, so not a merit discussion. I have no problem retrieving the BLOB and displaying on its own usingp  precodesql  SELECT image FROM images WHERE imageid  123 stid  ociparseconn, sql ociexecutestid row  ocifetcharraystid, OCIASSOCOCIRETURNNULLS img  row[IMAGE]gtload headerContenttype imagejpeg print img codepre  pBut I need to [efficiently] get that image as the src attribute of the img tag. I tried imagecreatefromstring but that just returns the image in the browser, ignoring the other html. I looked at data uri, but the IE8 size limit rules that out.p  pSo now I am kind of stuck. My searches keep coming up with using a src attribute that loads another page that contains the image. But I need the image itself to actually show on the page. Note I say image, meaning at least one image but as many as eight on a page.p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 387 pIve got a client who has a very large internal system using Access, which is used internally to handle virtually all company data.  They want a web frontend to the customer data in that database, and would be running on a different server.  Given the limitations on Access, the frontend would likely use MySQL.p  pWhich leaves the issue of synchronizing the data.  It doesnt need to be tothesecond, even daily would be fine, but Im really unsure of a good means of doing this.p  pGiven the scope of the existing system, it would be a disproportionate amount of time and work to move the entire system to another database such as MySQL.p  pIs there any practical way to accomplish thisp
Negative 387 pStrange bug with Safari happening when a radio button input is loaded via AJAX.  The relavent code is  p  precodeltinput typeradio nameteam value231 stylewidthauto checkedcheckedgtTeam 1  ltinput typeradio nameteam value232 stylewidthautogtTeam 2 codepre  pWhen this code is loaded with plain old html, the first radio button is checked as it should be.  But if the same exact code is loaded via ajax, Safari doesnt actually show any indication it is checked, even though the checkedchecked attribute is there in the source. p
Negative 387 pWhat is the difference between codeltcstdintgtcode and codelttr1cstdintgtcode apart from that one puts things in namespace codestdcode and the other in codestdtr1codep  pSince this stuff isnt standard yet I guess its compiler specific so Im talking about gcc. To compile with the nontr1 one I must compile with codestdc0xcode, but there is no such restriction when using tr1.p  pIs the answer perhaps that there is none but you cant go around adding things to codestdcode unless there, well, standard. So until c0x is standardised an error must be issued using codeltcstdintgtcode but you dont need to worry when adding to the codetr1code namespace, which makes no claim to things in it being standard Or is there more to thisp  pThanks.p  pp.s  If you read std as standard, as I do, I do apologise for the overuse of the word in this Q.p
Negative 387 pIn certain locations in my application, if I place a breakpoint and go to that location the code window jumps me to string.h which is locked to this function.  p  precode static inline void  inlinememcpychk void dest, const void src, sizet len codepre  pWhen I hit Step I am stuck, and all I see is string.h.  My code still executes and I see my NSLog.p  pA quick fix is to run in release mode, but in my project I have special code that happens in release.  So this isnt really an option.p  pDoes anyone know what is going onp  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pdoes GWT support php p
Negative 387 pWhen I design interfaces, I dont tend to order their members in alphabetical order  I come up with an order that is logical and readable for the solution.p  pWhenever I implement an interface I use the smart tag for the interface name to get Visual Studio to implement skeleton methods  properties for me. This is a neat feature and it saves a lot of time. However, it automatically orders the implemented members in alphabetical order. I would prefer it to keep the order that they are defined in the interface.p  pDoes anyone know if this is possiblep  pThanks, Alanp
Negative 387 pi want to run my view based window application with ticker.i have code for ticker but it is in cocoa.. so how can i integrate cocoa application in my project.p  pthis is TickerView.h filep  precodeimport ltCocoaCocoa.hgt   interface TickerView  NSTextView   private   NSTimer     mTimer   double      mOffset   NSString stringValue  voidsetStringValueNSString stringValue   voidappendStringNSString s   IBActionstartAnimationidsender  IBActionstopAnimationidsender  end codepre  pThis is TickerView.m filep  precodeimport TickerView.h   implementation TickerView   idinitWithFrameNSRectframe    self  [super initWithFrameframe]   if self      [self setEditableNO]     NSTextContainer container  [self textContainer]     [container setWidthTracksTextViewNO]     [container setContainerSizeNSMakeSize99999., frame.size.height]      return self    voiddealloc    [self stopAnimationself]   [super dealloc]    voiddrawRectNSRectrect    [super drawRectrect]    NSString stringValue    return [[self textStorage] string]    NSDictionary standardAttributes    return [NSDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsAndKeys      [NSFont fontWithNameHelvetica size[self frame].size.height  0.8], NSFontAttributeName,     [NSColor redColor], NSForegroundColorAttributeName,     nil]    voidsetStringValueNSString s    NSRange fullRange  NSMakeRange0, [[self textStorage] length]   NSAttributedString sa  [[[NSAttributedString alloc]initWithStrings attributes[self standardAttributes]] autorelease]   [[self textStorage] replaceCharactersInRangefullRange withAttributedStringsa]    voidappendStringNSString s    NSRange endRange  NSMakeRange[[self textStorage] length], 0   NSAttributedString sa  [[[NSAttributedString alloc]initWithStrings attributes[self standardAttributes]] autorelease]   [[self textStorage] replaceCharactersInRangeendRange withAttributedStringsa]     IBActionstartAnimationidsender    if nil  mTimer      mTimer  [NSTimer scheduledTimerWithTimeInterval1.60. targetself selectorselectorstep userInfonil repeatsYES]        IBActionstopAnimationidsender    if mTimer      [mTimer invalidate]     [mTimer release]     mTimer  nil       voidstepNSTimer timer    mOffset  2  pixels per tick   [self setTextContainerInsetNSMakeSizemOffset, 0]   [self setNeedsDisplayYES]    end codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying to create a test database with H2 database. Im using Oracle in production, and it seems nice to have oracle compatibility mode in h2.p  pHowever Ive got a problem with translating oracle constructionp  precodecreate or replace PACKAGE permissiontools IS     FUNCTION getroleaccesslevel           proleid IN NUMBER,           ppermiss IN VARCHAR2     RETURN NUMBER END permissiontools codepre  pwhich Im calling withp  precodeselect permissiontools.getaccesslevel,  from dual codepre  pinto H2 equivalent. Ive been trying something likep  pCREATE SCHEMA PERMISSIONTOOLSp  precodeCREATE ALIAS PERMISSIONTOOLS.GETACCESSLEVEL as  String nextPrimeString value      return new BigIntegervalue.nextProbablePrime.toString   codepre  pBut this gives me compilation errorp  precodeorg.h2.jdbc.JdbcSQLException Syntax error in SQL statement   CREATE ALIAS PERMISSIONTOOLS.[]GETACCESSLEVEL AS    String nextPrimeString value      return new BigIntegervalue.nextProbablePrime.toString      expected FOR SQL statement   CREATE ALIAS PERMISSIONTOOLS.GETACCESSLEVEL as  String nextPrimeString value      return new BigIntegervalue.nextProbablePrime.toString   [42001131] codepre  pThis does not give any clue as to was is going on here.p  pAny help appreciated.p
Negative 387 pHow to look at the data stored in QMap without iterating through it I am trying to debug an application using QMap with many keys, do you know a way to look at the data in QMap without iterating through each valuep
Negative 387 pHow do i do a left join using FetchXmlp  pConsider a simple SQL query like the followingp  precodeselect person.name, address.city from person left join address on person.addressid  address.addressid codepre  pHow would something simple like this be done using FetchXml Currently my FetchXml query looks like the followingp  precodeltfetch mappinglogicalgt   ltentity namepersongt     ltattribute namename gt     ltlinkentity nameaddress fromaddressid toaddressidgt       ltattribute namecity gt     ltlinkentitygt   ltentitygt ltfetchgt codepre
Negative 387 pI noticed that etherpad, when it was alive  and living clones of it  used Jetty. Im considering writing a similar program but I want to use node.js instead.p  pCould anyone offer some insight into the pros and cons of Jettynode.js performancewisep
Negative 387 pI am trying to write an Outlook 2007 VBA script which will look at the currently opened mail item and be able to read the properties of and save off the digital signature of said mail item.p  pNow I realize that Outlook prevents access to encryptsign a new email programatically, but here I am focused on messages which have already been received. p  pHere is where I am at so far, just being able to use the MessageClass property to detect a signed email.p  pThanks,p  pDavidp  precodeFunction GetCurrentItem As Object     Dim objApp As Outlook.Application      Set objApp  CreateObjectOutlook.Application     On Error Resume Next     Select Case TypeNameobjApp.ActiveWindow         Case Explorer             Set GetCurrentItem  objApp.ActiveExplorer.Selection.Item1         Case Inspector             Set GetCurrentItem  objApp.ActiveInspector.CurrentItem         Case Else              anything else will result in an error, which is              why we have the error handler above     End Select      Set objApp  Nothing End Function  Sub DoExport     Set CurrentItem  GetCurrentItem     If CurrentItem.MessageClass  IPM.Note.SMIME.MultipartSigned Then         MsgBox CurrentItem.MessageClass      End If End Sub codepre
Negative 387 pI was just learning aboutt PHP namespaces and starting to create a simple autoload function. What O did wasp  precodefunction autoloadname    echo name . ltbr gt   requireonce name . .php  codepre  pSo, this works if I do not use any aliasing or importing statements eg. codeuse MainNamespaceSubnamespacecode because if I did that, assuming i havep  precodeGreatAppModelsUser.php GreatAppModelsProject.php GreatAppUtilUtil.php GreatAppUtilTestTest.php codepre  pif I try to dop  precodenew GreatAppModelsUser codepre  pit works because codenamecode in autoload will become codeGreatAppModelsUsercode so codeGreatAppModelsUser.phpcode is found. But when I dop  precodeuse GreatAppModels new User codepre  pit fails because now codenamecode is just codeUsercode and codeUser.phpcode will not be found. How should I setup autoloading thenp
Negative 387 precodeSDLColor normColor  255,255,255 SDLColor redColor  255,0,0 SDLColor blackColor   0,0,0  codepre  petc.p  pWhat kind of array do I need to do something likep  precodetypeofarray mycolorArray[95]  normColor, redColor, blackColor.............. .... mycolorArray[65]  redColor  to change the color codepre
Negative 387 pIm writing code that evaluates .NET codeExpressioncode trees.  Im trying to create a C 4 test to exercise my handling of an codeExpressionType.Indexcode, but I cant figure out how to create that type of expression through a codeLambdaExpressioncode.  No matter what I try, the expression comes out as an codeExpressionType.Callcode or codeExpressionType.ArrayIndexcode.  For examplep  precodeIListltintgt myList  new ObservableCollectionltintgt  3, 56, 8  ExpressionltFuncltintgtgt myExpression   gt myList[3]   myExpression.Body.NodeType  ExpressionType.Call  myList  new int[]  3, 56, 8  myExpression   gt myList[3]   myExpression.Body.NodeType  ExpressionType.Call  int[] myArray  new int[]  3, 56, 8  myExpression   gt myArray[3]   myExpression.Body.NodeType  ExpressionType.ArrayIndex  Listltintgt myNonInterfaceList  new Listltintgt  3, 7, 4, 2  myExpression   gt myNonInterfaceList[3]   myExpression.Body.NodeType  ExpressionType.Call codepre  pWhat is an codeIndexExpressioncode, and can one be created through an inline codeLambdaExpressioncode in C 4p
Negative 387 pHow can I set up a JTextArea to receive anything that I log short of creating an interface such as MyLoggerListener and implementing it into my JTextAreap  pEDITp  pI fixed this problem by creating a TextAreaOutputStream, making a printwriter with it, and adding a WriterAppender with the printwriter in the constructor.p
Negative 387 pHow can I implement full text search on app enginep  pI have read a hrefhttpwww.billkatz.com20096SimpleFullTextSearchforAppEngine relnofollowhttpwww.billkatz.com20096SimpleFullTextSearchforAppEnginea but this does not see to work anymore. p
Negative 387 pI have a list of say, 20 items. Each of them are boxes in 3 columns, like a grid format.p  pAbove the grid are options which allow you to show and hide different items within the list, depending on what you are looking for.p  pWhen a user hides specific list items, they fade out and all of the other items snap into their new positions.p  pAfter the smooth fade effect, the snapping action doesnt look too nice. Is their a way to make the elements slide into their new positionsp  pThank you.p
Negative 387 pbr  Im working on an ipad application that use coredata. It download information on a database that is on the web, and record them in coredata. The application is based on a split view. My problem was to make the update of the data in background.br  Here is how Ive done br   Ive create an NSOperation, that does the download and the update of the data.br   This NSOperation use a different NSManagedObjectContext than the context of the appDelegate, return by this function, that is in the appDelegate p  precodeNSManagedObjectContextnewContextToMainStore       NSPersistentStoreCoordinator coord  nil      coord  [self persistentStoreCoordinator]      NSManagedObjectContext moc  [[NSManagedObjectContext alloc] init]       [moc setPersistentStoreCoordinatorcoord]       return [moc autorelease]  codepre  p Ive had an observer in the NSOperation, that will call this function in the appDelegate when I save the context, to modify the context of the delegate too p  precode voidmergeChangesFromContextSaveNotificationNSNotificationnotification       [[self managedObjectContext]mergeChangesFromContextDidSaveNotificationnotification]  codepre  pBut Ive a problem  when I delete an element in the rootViewController, I really dont know how to manage the changes in the background process, because there is a loop inside that browse all the entities  if I delete one entitie when the background loop is at the same entitie, this is... really bad... br br  My solution was just to stop the update process when I delete an entitie, and then restart it, simply... br But Ive realised that the changes made in the main context were not apply in the new context I just create for the update.br br  So I ask you  Why the changes arent apply in the new context  If this the wrong way, how do you do this  Using mergeChangesFromContext or something else br  Thanks you in advance.p
Negative 387 pDoes someone know a easy way to find characters in Unicode that are similar to ASCII characters. An example is the a hrefhttpwww.fileformat.infoinfounicodechar455index.htmCYRILLIC SMALL LETTER DZEa . Id like to do a search and replace for similar characters. By similar I mean human readable. You cant see a difference by looking at it.p
Negative 387 pIs there any simple way of generating and checking MD5 checksums of a list of files in Python I have a small program Im working on, and Id like to confirm the checksums of the files.p
Negative 387 pI want to do thisp  precodewhiletheString does not have this string in it  do something  codepre
Negative 387 pI want to have my application periodically save a zip file to the cloud.p  pSince I dont want to set my own cloud solution, I thought of doing something similar to what the application a hrefhttpwww.appbrain.comapptv.studer.smssync relnofollowSMS Backupa does. It saves your Gmail credentials and when a new sms arrives it saves it to your Gmail under a specified Label and also marks it as read.p  pNow, I know how to send email from Java programmaticaly. My question is how to access Gmail only features such as assigning labels to the message and marking it as read. I imagine there must be some facilities built in to Android to allow you to manipulate the GMail account linked to the phone am i rightp
Negative 387 pI have an abstract base class that many classes extend.  Id like all these classes to define a unique value for a specific property that is originally defined in the base class similar to the codeserialVersionUIDcode property that causes a warning when not defined in classes that inherit from codeSerializablecode.p  pIs there a way for me, within my abstract base class, to declare a property that does not have a value, but requires all extended classes to define a value for itp  pNote that the value does not have to be associated with each individual instance, i.e. it can be defined as codestaticcode.p  pstrongEditstrong I guess a more basic question I should also ask, since the answers vary so widely, is how does Java implement codeserialVersionUIDcode in terms of its signature such that my IDE raises warnings when its not definedp
Negative 387 pI thought I understood the concept of the JavaScript prototype object, as well as [[proto]] until I saw a few posts regarding class inheritance.p  pFirstly, JavaScript OOP  the smart way at a hrefhttpamix.dkblogviewEntry19038httpamix.dkblogviewEntry19038ap  pSee the implementation sectionp  precodevar parent  new thisnoinit codepre  pAnd also Simple JavaScript Inheritance on John Resigs great blog.p  precodevar prototype  new this codepre  pWhat does codenew thiscode actually mean  p  pThis statement makes no sense to me because my understand has been that codethiscode points to an object and not a constructor function.  Ive also tried testing statements in Firebug to figure this one out and all I receive is syntax errors.p  pMy head has gone off into a complete spin.p  pCould someone please explain this in detailp
Negative 387 pI want to receive the WAP Push Message. My code is post as followp  precodepublic class PushMsgReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver  public final static String TAG  Push Receiver  private static final String SMSRECEIVED  android.provider.Telephony.SMSRECEIVED private static final String PUSHRECEIVED  android.provider.Telephony.WAPPUSHRECEIVED  Override public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent       TODO Autogenerated method stub     Log.iTAG, Intent recieved   intent.getAction       if intent.getAction.equalsSMSRECEIVED          toast to show result         Log.iTAG, SMS   intent.getAction         Toast.makeTextcontext, SMSRECEIVED, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show            if intent.getAction.equalsPUSHRECEIVED           toast to show result         Log.iTAG, PUSH   intent.getAction         Toast.makeTextcontext, PUSH MSG, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show       codepre  pp  pThe manifest is post as followp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid       packagecom.test.pushmsg       androidversionCode1       androidversionName1.0gt     ltapplication androidicondrawableicon androidlabelstringappnamegt         ltactivity androidname.main                   androidlabelstringappnamegt             ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt                 ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt             ltintentfiltergt         ltactivitygt      ltreceiver androidenabledtrue androidname.PushMsgReceivergt      ltintentfiltergt       ltaction androidnameandroid.provider.Telephony.WAPPUSHRECEIVED gt       ltaction androidnameandroid.provider.Telephony.SMSRECEIVED gt      ltintentfiltergt     ltreceivergt ltapplicationgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.RECEIVEWAPPUSHgtltusespermissiongt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.RECEIVESMSgtltusespermissiongt ltmanifestgt codepre  pIt can receive the SMSRECEIVED,but can not receive the WAPPUSHRECEIVED. So Who knows why I have try to use registerReceiver,but it doesnt work either.p
Negative 387 pIm pretty new to ajax and I applied it succesfully to a Drupal site. But I was wondering, how do I get an URL to a page where part of the content is loaded through ajax. Is this even possible The JSON object is retrieved on click, so how do I make it work when retrieving a certain URL  I realize this is a very broad questionany, any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advancep  pMy JS looks like thisp  precode  Drupal.behaviors.ajaxpages  function context    a.categoryLinknot.categoryLinkprocessed, context.clickfunction       var updateProducts  functiondata         The data parameter is a JSON object. The films property is the list of films items that was returned from the server response to the ajax request.       if data.films  undefined          .regionsidebarsecond .section.hide.htmldata.films.fadeIn              if data.more  undefined          content .section.hide.htmldata.more.fadeIn                  .ajax       type POST,       url this.href,  Which url should be handle the ajax request. This is the url defined in the ltagt html tag       success updateProducts,  The js function that will be called upon success request       dataType json, define the type of data that is going to get back from the server       data js1 Pass a keyvalue pair          return false   return false so the navigation stops here and not continue to the page in the link .addClasscategoryLinkprocessed  codepre
Negative 387 pI have a website, its uses the 960 grid system, everything is fine.p  pExcept the header, the header is too tallp  pIs it possible to reduce the entire website size when the users screen is less than or equal to 1024x768 p  psame way you can press CTRL and CTRL in IEp
Negative 387 pThere is a directory where a buddy adds new builds of a product.p  pThe listing looks like thisp  precode ls pathtodir 01 02 03 04  codepre  pwhere the numbers listed are not files but names of directories containing the builds.p  pI have to manually go and check every time whether there is a new build or not. strongI am looking for a way to automate this, so that the program can send an email to some people including me whenever codepathtodircode is updated.strongp  ul lipDo we have an already existing utility or a Perl library that does thisp  pa hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiInotifyinotify.ha does something similar, but it is not supported on my kernel 2.6.9.pli ul  pI think there can be an easy way in Perl.p  ul lipDo you think this will workp  blockquote   pKeep running a loop in Perl that does a codels pathtodircode after, say, every 5 minutes and stores the results in an array. If it finds that the new results are different from the old results, it sends out an email using a hrefhttpwww.perlmonks.orgnodeid19430Maila or a hrefhttpwww.perlfect.comarticlessendmail.shtmlEmaila.p blockquoteli ul
Negative 387 pWhat would be the best regular expression for tokenizing an English textp  pBy an English token, I mean an atom consisting of maximum number of characters that can be meaningfully used for NLP purposes. An analogy is a token in any programming language e.g. in C, , [, hello, amp, etc. can be tokens. There is one restriction Though English punctuation characters can be meaningful, lets ignore them for the sake of simplicity when they do not appear in the middle of w. So, Hello, world. yields hello and world similarly, You are goodlooking. may yield either [you, are, goodlooking] or [you, are, good, looking].p
Negative 387 pthe error occur near the parsing of  projclosedate. java.text.ParseException Unparseable date 09092010   i am reading projectclosedate value from database which is in string format. i want convert it in to date format to find that, is projclosedate present between fromdate and todatep  precodepublic ArrayList viewAllCustProj1String frmdate,String todate,String cust,String proj      ArrayList list new ArrayList     try              String strCust         String strproj                 ifcust.equalsIgnoreCaseALL ampamp cust.equalsnull                      strCustand customercodecust                  ifproj.equalsIgnoreCaseALL ampamp proj.equalsnull                      strprojand projectcodeproj                             ifcust.equalsIgnoreCaseALL ampamp proj.equalsIgnoreCaseALL                            else                      stmtconn.prepareStatementselect customercode from mstcustomer where visible1 strCust and categoryEU and multipleproject0             rsstmt.executeQuery             whilers.next                              reportBean beannew reportBean                 bean.setCustcoders.getStringcustomercode                 bean.setProjectcode                 list.addbean                          rs.close             stmt.close                       System.out.println select  customercode,projectcode,projclosedate,addedon from mstproject where visible1 strCust strproj         stmtconn.prepareStatementselect customercode,projectcode,projclosedate,addedon from mstproject where visible1 strCust strproj         rsstmt.executeQuery         whilers.next                      reportBean beannew reportBean              String projclosedaters.getString3             String addedonrs.getString4              DateFormat myDateFormat  new SimpleDateFormatMMddyyyy              DateFormat myDateFormat1 new SimpleDateFormatyyyymmdd hhmmss              Date myDate1  null                Date myDate2  null             Date myDate3  null             Date myDate4  null             Date myDate5  null           try                            ifprojclosedatenull  projclosedate.trim.equals  projclosedateNULL                                  System.out.printlnn  In IF Loop                    bean.setCustcoders.getStringcustomercode                   bean.setProjectcoders.getStringprojectcode                   list.addbean                              else                                    System.out.printlnn  In Else Loop                      myDate1  myDateFormat.parseprojclosedate                     myDate2  myDateFormat.parsefrmdate                     myDate3  myDateFormat.parsetodate                     myDate5  myDateFormat1.parseaddedon                     myDate4  myDateFormat.formatmyDate5                      System.out.printlnProject Code gtrs.getString2                                                                 System.out.printlnProjclosedate gtmyDate1                     System.out.printlnFrom Date gtmyDate2                     System.out.printlnto Date gtmyDate3                     System.out.printlnAddedon gtmyDate4                     System.out.printlnAddedon 1 ie Date 5 gtmyDate5                      ifmyDate1.aftermyDate2 ampamp myDate1.beforemyDate3   means gt ifprojclosedate.afterfrmdate ampamp projclosedate.beforetodate                                                                          ifmyDate1.aftermyDate4   means gt ifprojclosedate.afteraddedon                                                      bean.setCustcoders.getStringcustomercode                             bean.setProjectcoders.getStringprojectcode                             list.addbean                                                                else                                                    bean.setCustcoders.getStringcustomercode                            bean.setProjectcoders.getStringprojectcode                            list.addbean                                             if                   else              try               catch ParseException e                              System.out.printlnInvalid Date Parser Exception                   e.printStackTrace                                rs.close         stmt.close           catchSQLException sex              sex.printStackTrace          finally              closeConnection          return list  codepre
Negative 387 pI have g 4.4.3 on Linux with Ubuntu Lucid Lynx, and I am getting ap  pnanp  pas a result.  On Hardy Heron with g 4.3.1, I am getting allp  pnanp  pThis is causing my text diff regression to fail, since I am using cout to print this numerical result.p  pWhat is the meaning of a signed nan, and is there a way to tell the compiler that an unsigned nan is sufficientp
Negative 387 pSay in a action, I want to create points in the code where someone can hook into, without having to go into the controller action and edit my code.p  pIs this possible  I guess they would have to hook into my code at some point when the application startsp  pI know wordpress has a plugin arch with hooks, wondering if the same can be done in RoR and if there is already a design pattern for this.p
Negative 387 pIm running Mac OS X Snow Leopard 10.6. When trying to get into phpMyAdmin, I am getting the following errorp  pCannot load mcrypt extension. Please check your PHP configuration.p  pDoes anyone know how to fix this Im not fantastically technical so a simple explanation would be welcomep  pCheers, Mark.p
Negative 387 pI have the following a hrefhttpgtk.php.net relnofollowstrongPHP GTKstronga code located in codeCgtkcodep  precodeltphp if classexistsgtk      diePlease load the phpgtk2 module in your php.inirn   wnd  new GtkWindow wndgtsettitleBackground wndgtsetresizablefalse wndgtsetpositionGTKWINPOSCENTER  wndgtconnectsimpledestroy, arraygtk, mainquit  im  GtkImagenewfromfileCgtkbg.jpg wndgtaddim  wndgtshowall Gtkmain gt codepre  pIt strongshows the imagestrong codeCgtkbg.jpgcode but my question is stronghow can I display it from a local path.strong  The PHP file strongis located in that folderstrong so I should strongemonlyemstrong have to type codebg.jpgcode but strongthat doesnt work.strongp
Negative 387 pIm working on a project where I would find a basic plugin system useful. Essentially, I create the base class and can provide this base class to a plugin developer. Then the developer overrides it and overrides the methods. Then this is where it becomes a bit unclear to me. How does it work from here Where could I find documentation pertaining to the development of this type of systemp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pIm selecting columns from one table and would like to select all values of a column from a related table when the two tables have a matching value, separate them by commas, and display them in a single column with my results from table one.p  pIm fairly new to this and apologize ahead of time if Im not wording it correctly.p
Negative 387 pI have a C function in which I have 4 pointers and each of them point to different locations of a large 2D array of floats.p  pBecause the ARM assembly functions can only be passed with 4 parameters r0  r3, Im not able to understand how to pass the pointer to my return value, which will become the 5th parameter to my assembly function.p  pSo, to overcome this, I thought of putting all the 4 pointers into an array of pointers, so that I will have 3 more free spots, using which I can pass a pointer to my return value as well.p  pBut, I dont know how I can extract the four individual pointers from my array of pointers, inside the assembly function. Im failing in my attempts.p  pHere is a sample of what Im trying to do.p  h2Programh2  precodeincludeltstdio.hgt  void  myarmasmfloat32t   float32t dataarray[100][100]  void main         float32t ptr1, ptr2, ptr3, ptr4          ptr1   dataarray[value]  some value         ptr2   dataarray[value]  some other value         ptr3   dataarray[value]  some other value         ptr4   dataarray[value]  some other value         float32t arraypointers[4]        arraypointers[0]  ptr1        arraypointers[1]  ptr2        arraypointers[2]  ptr3        arraypointers[3]  ptr4         float32x4t result         myarmasmarraypointers, ampresult          ....         ....         ....        return 0       .text     .global myarmasm  myarmasm             r0 Pointer to my array of pointers             r1 Pointer to my result          push   r4r11, lr           How to access the array of pointers           I previously tried this, is this the right way to do it           mov r4, 0          vld4.32 d0, d1, d2, d3, [r0, r4]          add r4, r4, 1          vld4.32 d4, d5, d6, d7, [r0, r4]           add r4, r4, 1          vld4.32 d8, d9, d10, d11, [r0, r4]           add r4, r4, 1          vld4.32 d12, d13, d14, d15, [r0, r4]            ....         ....         ....          pop    r4r11, pc codepre
Negative 387 pI think one of the advantages of nosql such as MongoDB is that it can scale horizontally automatically just add a cheap machine and the data can spread over to the new machine.p  pHow about for RDBMS, does any RDBMS do that automatically toop
Negative 387 pI have object divbox, and its draggable Im using jQuery. How I can get information which direction a visitor moved it Example User drag it to left down and I wanna know it, howp  pemP.S. Sorry for my Englishemp
Negative 387 pIm developing a .NET 2.0 client application that needs to connect to a WCF service. I add a web reference to a basicHttpBinding WCF service that weve developed and VS creates the proxy class and the config paraphenalia which is fine. The problem is that I only want to use a small fraction of the methods that the WCF service implements and not carry around the extra implementations that the client app doesnt need.p  pI was thinking of creating a different basicHttpBinding endpoint and put the methods there. Is there a way for only one endpoint of a WCF service to be referenced by a .NET 2.0 projectp  pRegards, Frankp
Negative 387 pI have a class CURPRFC that contains the followingp  precodestatic public string CalcRFCstring firstname, string lastname, string middlename, string    date codepre  pIm calling this methodfunction in my codebehind as followsp  precodeCURPRFC.CalcRFCtxtfirstname.text, txtlastname.text, txtmidlename.text, txtdate.text codepre  pwhere each of the values are textbox values.  However, I receive an error statingp  precodeSystem.Web.UI.WebControls.TextBox does not contain a definition for text and no extension method text accepting a first argument of type System.Web.UI.WebControls.TextBox could be found are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference codepre  pMy C is a bit weak.  I think I need to change my textbox text values to strings, but am not sure of how to go about this.  Am I on the right track  p  pYour help is most appreciatedp  pThanks, Sidp
Negative 387 pMy setup is as followsp  ul liOS Windows 7 Home Premium 64bitli liEclipse Helios 3.6.1 64bit with CDT and Photran li liJava SE Runtime Environment 1.6.021 li liJava Hotspot 64bit Server VM build 17.0b17, mixed mode li liCygwin 1.7.2 32bitli ul  pMy initial test Fortran application simply prints Hello World and exits. The code builds and runs fine, albeit with the following 2 Warnings in the Problems tab in Eclipsep  precodeDescription Resource    Path    Location    Type Error launching external scanner info generator gcc E P v dD CUsersJoeworkspace.metadata.pluginsorg.eclipse.cdt.make.corespecs.c  HelloFortran    Unknown CC Problem Error launching external scanner info generator gcc E P v dD CUsersJoeworkspace.metadata.pluginsorg.eclipse.cdt.make.corespecs.c  HelloFortran    Unknown CC Problem codepre  pThe problem comes when trying to debug the app as a Local Fortran Application which results in this errorp  precodecygwin warning   MSDOS style path detected CUsersJoeworkspaceHelloFortran   Preferred POSIX equivalent is cygdrivecUsersJoeworkspaceHelloFortran .gdbinit No such file or directory.   CYGWIN environment variable option nodosfilewarning turns off this warning.   Consult the users guide for more details about POSIX paths     httpcygwin.comcygwinugnetusing.htmlusingpathnames autosolibadd on Undefined command autosolibadd.  Try help. Error dll starting at 0x76ba0000 not found. Error dll starting at 0x75230000 not found. Error dll starting at 0x76ba0000 not found. Error dll starting at 0x76aa0000 not found. [New thread 7060.0x10dc] [New thread 7060.0x16c0] codepre  pIm guessing the entry points arent found because its expecting 3264bit DLL and getting the other type correct me if Im wrong. The GDB version is as followsp  precodeGNU gdb 6.8.20080328 cygwinspecial GDB configured as i686pccygwin codepre  pRunning GDB from the commandline givesp  precode[New thread 5768.0x15a0] Error dll starting at 0x76ba0000 not found. Error dll starting at 0x75230000 not found. Error dll starting at 0x76ba0000 not found. Error dll starting at 0x76aa0000 not found. [New thread 5768.0x46c] hellofortran  at ..HelloFortran.f901 1    program HelloFortran Current language auto currently fortran codepre  pIf Im reading that correctly the application does run in GDB and I am able to step through it, but what are the missing DLL errors aboutp  pDependency Walker gives the following errors for my HelloFortran.exep  precodeError Modules with different CPU types were found. Warning At least one delayload dependency module was not found. Warning At least one module has an unresolved import due to a missing export function in a delayload dependent module. codepre  pThe missing DLLs seem to be IESHIMS.DLL 2 which from my quick research doesnt seem to be a big issue but I dont see any reason my application would need to reference this DLL so I dont think this is leading to the errors in GDB.p  pAll of the modules have a CPU type of x64 except forp  precodeCYGGCCS1.DLL CYGGFORTRAN3.DLL CYGWIN1.DLL HELLOFORTRAN.EXE codepre  pwhich have a CPU type of x86p  pIm concerned the missing DLL errors could harm my ability to debug my program properly although the program will eventually run on a Unixbased HPC so I shouldnt run into these issues there since all those DLLs seem to be to do with Cygwin. p  pMy questionsp  ul liWhy do I get missing DLL errors  Would switching to 32bit versions of EclipseJVM etc fix thisli liAm I okay to continue, or should I solve the missing DLL errors and if so, howli ul  pEdit My test program is as followsp  precodeprogram HelloFortran      Force variable declaration     implicit none       Print Hello World to the main output     write , Hello World       End program end program HelloFortran codepre
Negative 387 pUsing yamlcpp, version 0.2.5 ...p  pI would like to emit a blank line between entries in a list for readability purposes. Is this possiblep  pI have tried experimentation with the Verbatim, and Null manipulators, but have not had success.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to use Linq to Xml and Xaml data binding in a Windows Phone app with no luck, following a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarycc165615.aspx relnofollowthis examplea.p  pIve got some Xaml that looks like thisp  precode    ltImage             SourceBinding PathElement[image].Value, ConverterStaticResource UriBitmapConverter             Grid.Column2 MaxWidth75 HorizontalAlignmentRight VerticalAlignmentTopgt codepre  pThe codeDataContextcode is an codeXDocumentcode codeltimagegtsomeuriltimagegtcode. However this doesnt make it past the parsing stage as I getp  precodeAdditional information Invalid attribute value Binding PathElement[image].Value, ConverterStaticResource UriBitmapConverter for property  codepre  pIs this sort of binding not possible in Silverlight or am I just missing somethingp
Negative 387 pI cant understand one problemp  pstrongTypes.hppstrongp  precodeenum SomeEnum  one, two, three  codepre  pstrongFirst.hppstrongp  precodeinclude Types.hpp class First     public void someFuncSomeEnum type   ...    codepre  pstrongSecond.hppstrongp  precodeinclude Types.hpp include First.hpp class Second     public void Foo           First obj       obj.someFunctwo  two is from SomeEnum      codepre  pThee errorp  precodeno matching function for call to FirstsomeFuncSomeEnum note candidate is void FirstsomeFuncFirstSomeEnum codepre
Negative 387 pHow would I go about selecting from one mysql table friends and ordering the results by fields in another table usersp  pThe tables are setup as followsp  precodeCREATE TABLE users    id int12 NOT NULL autoincrement,   firstname varchar100 NOT NULL default ,   lastname varchar255 NOT NULL default ,   PRIMARY KEY  id  ENGINEMyISAM  CREATE TABLE friends    id int12 NOT NULL autoincrement,   userid int2,   mutual int2 NOT NULL default 0,   PRIMARY KEY  id  ENGINEMyISAM codepre  pbasically what I need to do is pull in the userids from the friends table, match them to the users table and get the users data, then order the output by the followingp  precodeconcatusers.firstname, users.lastname ASC, friends.mutual DESC codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to create an array of Arraylists in Java. I have declared it in the following wayp  precodeArrayList[][][] arrayQ  new ArrayList[90][13][18]  for int i  0 i lt 90 i    for int j  0 j lt 13 j      for int k  0 k lt 18 k        arrayQ[i][j][k]  new ArrayListltintgt             codepre  pHowever, adding the codeltintgtcode inside the while loop throws an error the IDE Im using unfortunately doesnt give me a very good error message.p  pWhats the proper way to create an integer ArrayListp
Negative 387 pIs there a .NET event that fires at a specific time eg. at 1900 as opposed to timer which fires when the countdown finishes It can be used as a scheduler to call certain method.p
Negative 387 pI have the following in the mainwindow.xibp  ol liNavigation Controller ul liList itemli ulli liTab bar controller ul litabbarli lifirstViewControllerli liSecondViewControllerli ulli ol  pThe entrypointp  precode BOOLapplicationUIApplication application didFinishLaunchingWithOptionsNSDictionary launchOptions          navController.viewControllers  [NSArray arrayWithObjecttabBarController]     [window addSubviewnavController.view]     [window makeKeyAndVisible]     return YES  codepre  pand now in the first viewcontroller im writingp  precodevoidloadView      ifrootAppDelegatenil         rootAppDelegatetabbarAppDelegate  [[UIApplication sharedApplication]delegate]      listEmergencyItems rootAppDelegate.listOfEmergencySectionItems     self.rootAppDelegate.navController.navigationBarHidden  NO     [super loadView]  codepre  pand in the second viewcontroller im writingp  precode voidloadView          ifrootAppDelegatenil         rootAppDelegatetabbarAppDelegate  [[UIApplication sharedApplication]delegate]          listHospitalsItems self.rootAppDelegate.listOfHospitalsItems     self.rootAppDelegate.navController.navigationBarHidden  YES     [super loadView]  codepre  pAnd on the runtime, when it first loads the first view, i see the navigationbar where i need to navigate into a detail view. And when i press the second tab bar item, i go to the second view, and the navigation bar gets hidden. But when i press back on the first tabbar item, i.e. returning to the first viewcontroller. the navigation bar remains hidden.p  pAny ideap
Negative 387 pHey, is there a way to tell Django Evolution to add a new field to a database table at a specific position, similar to the AFTER statement of MySQL I have a table with some columns and I want to add newcolumn after column1. Using SQL directly I would do thisp  precodeALTER TABLE  dbtable ADD  newcolumn DATETIME NULL DEFAULT NULL AFTER  column1 codepre  pFor Django Evolution this translates top  precodeMUTATIONS  [     AddFieldDbTable, newcolumn, models.DateTimeField, nullTrue, ... ] codepre  pHowever, this would add newcolumn to the emendem of the table, is there something I can pass in for the dots in the above statement giving more control over the orderp  pThank you.p
Negative 387 pHow to copy one NSString to another p  precodeinterface MyData  NSObject      private      users private info     NSInteger uID     NSString name     NSString surname     NSString email     NSString telephone      users picture     UIImage image   property nonatomic, assign int uID property nonatomic, retain NSString name property nonatomic, retain NSString surname property nonatomic, retain NSString email property nonatomic, retain NSString telephone property nonatomic, retain UIImage image end codepre  pI have two objects of this type. MyData obj1, obj2p  pFirst is initialized. Second I want to initialize with first.p  precodeobj2  [obj1 copy]   crashes      newData.surname  data.surname   crashes to     newData.email  data.email     newData.telephone  data.telephone codepre  pI neeeeed a COPY of second object NOT RETAIN Help please Thanxp
Negative 387 pI have a nested list code9, 8, 7, 8, 7, 6, 7, 6, 5, 6, 5, 4, 5, 4, 3, 4, 3, 2, 3, 2, 1codep  pI need to sort the lists within the list to createp  pcode7, 8, 9, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 7, 4, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, 2, 3, 4, 1, 2, 3codep  pHow do I do thisp
Negative 387 pIve been thinking for a long time but am not able to come up with an efficient solution. Currently, I have an array in PHP which is obtained by the user. It is an array of objects, and each object have 10 variables.p  pI need to check if this array matches the data of the SQL EXACTLY, meaning that all the variables of each object must match each other. Index doesnt matter.p  p1 How do I check Right now the only way I can compare is the number of elements in array vs number of rows in database. If I want to check indepth, do I really need to check variable by variable Meaning if i have 10 objects, I need 1010 variable checksp  p2The only viable solution I can think of is erasing the database table and insert the object one by one according the array, but Im worried if there is like 100 objects, wont it be too heavy for the sql databasep
Negative 387 pI want to know how to create a language like PHP. How does the server know how to translate a PHP file How does it work I want to do this for educational purposes. A simple language with basic features like echo, etc.p
Negative 387 pstrongcan dynamic pages be compressed and given an etag toostrongp  hr  pAny ideas Im missing Apache quite a lot. Hope someone can help p
Negative 387 pOn my JSFpage, Im showing some content based on the value of a checkbox. How can I attach an effect like fading in and out when this content is rerendered Is there an event like onRender or somethingp  pHere is what I got so far, but the effect is not showing.p  precodelttselectBooleanCheckbox titleYes labelYes valuemyBean.booleanValuegt    lta4jsupport ajaxSingletrue eventonchange reRenderpanel lttselectBooleanCheckboxgt  lttdiv idpanelgt      ltricheffect namehideDiv formyPanelGrid typeOpacity paramsduration0.8,from1.0,to0.1gt      ltricheffect nameshowDiv formyPanelGrid typeOpacity paramsduration0.8,from0.1,to1.0gt    lttpanelGrid columns2 renderedmyBean.booleanValue idmyPanelGridgt ... ... ...    lttpanelGridgt lttdivgt codepre
Negative 387 pNeed some Help Regarding how to calculate the time complexity of a function. e.g.p  precodewhilexltN     whileyltN              stat 1        if..           stat        codepre  pthanks.p
Negative 387 pMany b tree examples are implemented using integer key, but i had seen some other examples using both integer key and string key, i learned the b tree basis, but i dont understand how string key works p
Negative 387 pI am writing an addon for some softwate, using its API. What i need to do is to extract necessary data. I use FOR to go thought API classes. Each object has properties index from 0, type Lin, Ptp, and some others, and value. Going through list of objects, I am interested in two types of objects  those that have type Lin or Ptp so a few conditions should be met p  pAs to Lin typep  ul liif there is some Ptp before Lin there may be other objects of other types between them, though, Lin gets Ptps value [Ptp....Lin].li liif there is some other Lin before Lin there may be other objects of other types between them, though, Lin gets that previous closest Lins value [Lin....Lin].li liif there is neither Lin nor Ptp before Lin there may be other objects of other types between them, though, Lin gets value 0 [...Lin].li ul  pAs to Ptp type, it always gets its own valuep  pAs i am a beginner in Python, my thoughs are mixed now and i cannot come up with appropriate algorithm.p  pI was thinking it should be somthing like thisp  precodefor object in obects    If object.type  Ptp      ...object gets its own value    elif object.type  Lin      ... codepre  pHere, there should be other 3 conditions according to code[...Lin]code or code[Lin...Lin]code or code[Ptp...Lin]codep
Negative 387 pThe error below occurs when I try to run my program. Can anyone tell me what it meansp  blockquote   pERRORAndroidRuntime707 Caused by   java.lang.RuntimeException Your   content must have a ListView whose id   attribute is android.R.id.listp blockquote
Negative 387 pstrongWhat I am trying to dostrong  Make a JNI call to a shared library written in Qt. On the C side I am using QPainter and QSvgRender to manipulate an svg image and return a simple QImage.p  precodeQImage im QPainter painter ifimagesvgxml  mimeType      QSvgRenderer svgrendererar     im  QImagestaticcastltintgt svgrenderer.defaultSize.width,                 staticcastltintgt svgrenderer.defaultSize.height,                     QImageFormatARGB32     im  im.scaledQSize50,50, QtKeepAspectRatio     im.fill0     painter.beginampim     svgrenderer.renderamppainter Crashes here  codepre  pstrongWhat is the issuestrong  The code crashes while calling render as shown. And it crashes only for certain SVG images.p  pIf I run the code within a stand alone Qt Application, it works fine. I hadnt created a QApplication instance within my shared lib as against a stand alone Qt App. So I decided to create one this wayp  pFrom Java Main Thread  Spawn another thread which makes a JNI call to create a QApplication. Runs exec.p  pFrom Java Main Thread continue to make other JNI calls after the QApplication is initialized.p  pThis still doesnt work. Any advise on what I may be doing wrong and what is the right way to do what I am trying to do I have searched the forum and the web for solutions but nothing has helped. The only thread that came close to what I need is  a hrefhttpdeveloper.qt.nokia.comforumsviewthread2283 relnofollowhttpdeveloper.qt.nokia.comforumsviewthread2283a [developer.qt.nokia.com].p  pThe whole thing runs inside a java based web container.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to add gradient on only code.link.box.gradientcode but in ie7 it add on code.link.box.gradientcode and code.style.box.gradientcodep  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langsvgt     ltheadgt     lttitlegtlttitlegt         ltscript srchttpajax.microsoft.comajaxjQueryjquery1.4.4.min.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscriptgt             jQueryfunction                   head.appendltstylegt.link.boxheight100pxwidth100px.link.box.gradientfilterprogidDXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradientstartColorStr000000,EndColorStrffffffltstylegt                      ltscriptgt     ltheadgt     ltbodygt         ltdiv classstyle box gradientgtGradient styletagltdivgt         ltdiv classlink box gradientgtGradient linktagltdivgt     ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pYou can see here too, a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netZhvpy relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netZhvpya One strange thing is when i move out .link.boxheight100pxwidth100px from javascript as you can see here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netZhvpy1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netZhvpy1a it seems to work, but I dont want to move out.p  pWhy is it like this How can I fix this bugp
Negative 387 pI have a Mac Os running Snow Leopard 10.6.5 and I am trying to upgrade my Ruby installation. p  pBefore I did anything, I run the following commands and I had the following resultsp  precode ruby v ruby 1.8.7 20090612 patchlevel 174 [universaldarwin10.0]   which ruby usrbinruby codepre  pSo, to upgrade my installation, I installed first strongmacportsstrong and then Ruby using a hrefhttprvm.beginrescueend.comrvminstall relnofollowRuby Version Managera RVM.p  precode1. bash lt ltcurl httprvm.beginrescueend.comreleasesrvminstallhead 2. mkdir p .rvmsrc ampamp cd .rvmsrc ampamp rm rf .rvm ampamp git clone depth 1 gitgithub.comwayneeseguinrvm.git ampamp cd rvm ampamp .install 3. rvm install 1.9.2 4. rvm 1.9.2 default codepre  pAfter that, I run the following commands and I had the following resultsp  precode ruby v ruby 1.8.7 20090612 patchlevel 174 [universaldarwin10.0]   which ruby usrbinruby   rvm list gt ruby1.9.2p136 [ x8664 ] codepre  pstrongWhy Ruby is still at 1.8.7 What is wrong Or, what I forgotstrongp
Negative 387 pIm having problems with a circular reference when i try and serialise an object returned via EF4 CTP5.  Im using the code first approach and simple pocos for my model.p  pI have added     [ScriptIgnore]  attributes to any properties that provide a back references to an object and annoyingly every seems to work fine if i manually instantiate the pocos, i.e. they serialise to JSON fine, and the scriptignore attribute is acknowledged.  However when i try and serialise an object returned from the DAL i get the circular reference exception A circular reference was detected while serializing an object of type System.Data.Entity.DynamicProxies.xxxxp  pI have tried several ways of retreiving the data but they all get stuck with this errorp  precode    public JsonResult GetTimeSlotint id          TimeSlotDao tsDao  new TimeSlotDao         TimeSlot ts  tsDao.GetByIdid         return Jsonts      codepre  pThe method below works slightly better as rather than the timeslot dynamic proxied object causing the circular refference its the appointment object. p  precode    public JsonResult GetTimeSlotint id          TimeSlotDao tsDao  new TimeSlotDao             var ts  from t in tsDao.GetQueryable                  where t.Id  id                  select new t.Id, t.StartTime, t.Available, t.Appointment         return Jsonts      codepre  pAny ideas or solutions to this problemp  pstrongUpdatestrong  I would prefer to use the out of the box serialiser if possible although Json.Net via nuget is ok as an alternative i would hope its possible to use it as I intended as well...p
Negative 387 precodeusrbinpython   Description I try to simplify the implementation of the thing below.  Sets, such as a,b,c, with irrelavant order are given. The goal is to  simplify the messy assignment, not sure of the term, below.    QUESTION How can you simplify it    gtgtgt a[1,2,3]  gtgtgt b[bc,b]  gtgtgt c[]  gtgtgt print[xyz for x in a for y in b for z in c]  [1bc, 1b, 2bc, 2b, 3bc, 3b]   The same works with sets as well  gtgtgt a  set[a, c, b]  gtgtgt b  set[1, 2]  gtgtgt c  set[]   gtgtgt print[xyz for x in a for y in b for z in c]  [a1, a2, c1, c2, b1, b2]   BROKEN TRIALS d  [a,b,c]   TRIAL 2 trying to simplify the assignments, not sure of the term  but see the change to the abve   print[xyz for x, y, z in zip[x,y,z], d]   TRIAL 3 simplifying TRIAL 2  print[xyz for x, y, z in zip[x,y,z], [a,b,c]] codepre  pstrong[Update]strong A thing missing, what about if you really have codefor x in a for y in b for z in c ...code, i.e. arbirtary amount of structures, writing codeproducta,b,c,...code is cumbersome. Suppose you have a list of lists such as the codedcode in the above example. Can you get it simpler Python let us do codeunpackingcode with codeacode for lists and the dictionary evaluation with codebcode but it is just the notation. Nested forloops of arbitrarylength and simplification of such monsters is beyond SO, for further research a hrefhttpscholar.google.comscholarhlenampq2BunorderedcategoriesampbtnGSearchampassdt2000ampasyloampasvis0 relnofollowherea. I want to stress that the problem in the title is openended, so do not be misguided if I accept a questionp
Negative 387 pI am having some problems with mapping characters to a dictionary.  What I am going for isp  precodecounter    0,  0,  0,  0  ... codepre  pFor all the ascii chars in the decimal rangesp  precoderange33,64 range91,96 and range123,126 codepre  pAfter some time I discovered that map could possibly be used passing chr as the function and the list returned from range for iterations...p  precodesymbolMap  mapchr, range33,64  range 91,96  range123,126 codepre  pThe problem is that this map does not corrospond to an ascii table, and it gets worse when I try p  precodecounter  dict.fromkeys symbolMap, 0  codepre  psee my shell sessionp  precodegtgtgt counter  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0, amp 0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0, , 0,  0, . 0, 1 0, 0 0, 3 0, 2 0, 5 0, 4 0, 7 0, 6 0, 9 0, 8 0,  0,  0,  0, lt 0,  0, gt 0, [ 0, ] 0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0,  0 gtgtgt chr34  gtgtgt range33,64 [33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63] gtgtgt symbolMap [, , , , , amp, , , , , , ,, , ., , 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, , , lt, , gt, , [, , ], , , , , ] codepre  pCan someone explain to me how to fix this so that it maps out correctly.p
Negative 387 pThis a pretty simple question, Im just not sure how to do it exactly. I would like to bind a Button or perhaps ImageButton to a GridView in ASP.NETC. Currently, the GridView has two columns and is bound to a DataTable with two columns. I want to add a third column to the GridView, which will include the Button.p  pI know GridView has ButtonField, but Im not too sure how to go about using it to do what I want. I want to dynamically generate these Buttons and add them to the GridView.p  pHere is how my GridView looks right nowp  precodeltaspGridView      IDGridView1     Runatservergt     ltColumnsgt         ltaspHyperLinkField              HeaderTextDisplay Name             DataNavigateUrlFieldsDISPNAME             DataNavigateUrlFormatStringViewItem.aspx             DataTextFieldDISPNAMEgt             ltItemStyle Width70 gt         ltaspHyperLinkFieldgt         ltaspBoundField             DataFieldTypeDisp             HeaderTextTypegt             ltItemStyle Width20 gt         ltaspBoundFieldgt     ltColumnsgt  ltaspGridViewgt codepre
Negative 387 phey, i m trying sice few days to remove an item from a databinded listbox while using the contectmenu toolkit. the remove method ask me to insert the name of an item but i couldnt find it.p  phere is the function for adding the itemp  precode                 listObjetDevis.Addnew itemListBoxSave                    devis  tbCreerDevis.Text                   IsolatedStorageHelper.SaveObjectdevis, listObjetDevis              codepre  pthx for helpp
Negative 387 pI keep getting  550 5.7.1 Unable to relay for someUsergmail.comp  ptry              Properties p  System.getPropertiesp  precode        p.putmail.smtp.host, server IP         p.putmail.smtp.port, 25         p.putmail.debug, true         Session s  Session.getDefaultInstancep          Message msg  new MimeMessages          msg.setFromnew InternetAddressfrom          msg.setRecipientMessage.RecipientType.TO, new InternetAddressto          msg.setSubjectsubject          Multipart mp  new MimeMultipart          BodyPart bp  new MimeBodyPart         bp.setTextmessage          mp.addBodyPartbp          msg.setContentmp          Transport t  s.getTransportsmtp         t.sendmsg         return 0      catch Exception e          e.printStackTrace         return 1      codepre
Negative 387 pI have an application where I want to allow the user to set timezones. When the user creates a reminder entry, the entry will be stored in db in UTC. But when he opens the calendar entry in the app, he should see the entry in his selected timezone. I am using Chronic but that is immaterial here.br In my codeApplicationController.rbcode, I have the following string p  precodebeforefilter setusertimezone ... def setusertimezone     Time.zone  currentuser.timezone if usersignedin end codepre  pAfter this, the entries are still saved in UTC but with the time difference. For example, I set the timezone as  Delhi which is 530 from UTC. When I want to save calendar entry for Jan, 16  1215 AM  the database is populated with 20110115 184519 UTC  so its 530 hours before the actual time I want to save.br In the UI also I keep seeing this entry instead of the the time displayed in the current users timezone.p  pI want to know what should be correct way to handle this kind of timezone features in rails.p
Negative 387 pthis is probably a dumb question, but I couldnt find the answer I was looking for. Also, I was unsure if this was a C question or a VS2010 question, but the answer Im looking for is that of a technical POV, so I ended up here.p  pWhen you start a new Console Application project in VS2010, it automatically includes stdafx.h, which in turn includes strongstdio.hstrong. The answers I found regarding stdio.h vs. iostream was more or lessp  blockquote   pstdio.h was used in C and iostream is   used in Cp blockquote  pI dont know if this is right or wrong, but...p  pstrongMy question isstrong Why is stdio.h still automatically included in C projects Wouldnt iostream be sufficientp
Negative 387 pI have a domain class that is just a list of strings youtubeLinks.  p  pWhen saving these links I want to strip out the video ID and save it instead of the entire URL entered on the UI side.p  pThis is what Im trying ignore that the regex is flawedp  precodeyoutubeLinks.each   def youtubeRegex  v.  def matcher   it  youtubeRegex   it  matcher[0][1]  codepre  pWhen I save this, it saves the original value of it.  Is there a way to update this reference and have it save properly p  pThanks. p
Negative 387 pI have a problem with the initialization of two objects. I havep  precodebanner  [[UIBannerViewController alloc] initWithNibNameUIBannerViewController bundlenil] NSLogBanner , banner homeBanner  [[UIBannerViewController alloc] initWithBannervistine] NSLogHomeBanner , homeBanner codepre  pInside the UIBannerViewController I havep  precode voidviewDidLoad  if  isInitialized       bannerViews  [[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithCapacity0]     images  [[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithCapacity0]      DEPRECATED     [NSThread detachNewThreadSelectorselectorloadDataFromInternet                               toTargetself                             withObjectnil]  else       TODO Questo non va pi bene qua.      [pageControl setNumberOfPages[images count]]     [pageControl setNumberOfPages[bannerViews count]]     [pageControl setCurrentPage0]  codepre  pNo matter what I do if I uncomment the following code snippetp  precodebannerViews  [[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithCapacity0]     images  [[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithCapacity0]      DEPRECATED     [NSThread detachNewThreadSelectorselectorloadDataFromInternet                               toTargetself                             withObjectnil] codepre  pthe App crashes with Exception emem [NSMutableArray objectAtIndex] index 0 beyond bounds for empty array. What iscan be the problemp
Negative 387 pI have a start order date field and a stop order field I need to check the database to see if the start and stop orders are outside of any of the pay period start and end fields. Say 01aug10 and 14aug10 and 15aug10 and 28aug10 and 29aug10 and 11sep10 are all of the pay periods in one month. The start order 01aug10 and the end order is 14aug10. Yet when I do a SQL that said where end order not between pay period start and pay period end the 01aug10 to 14aug10 still shows up. My needs are if it finds any dates that match stop looking and go to the next record start order and stop order and start the next search till we hit the end of the record search requirements.p  pI am looking to search by month and by year to keep the query responsive. The database is quite large. My query seams like it only does the between check once and then it shows all of the data that does fit between the pay period start and stop, and that is the data I do not want to see p
Negative 387 pI have written a Windows service that I would like to keep Administrators from casually tampering with by removing their right to startstop it. p  pGranted, an strongAdministrator can elevate to SYSTEM and do anything they wantstrong, or even an admin can still suspend the services threads or delete the service, but strongthis is meant to prevent casual tamperingstrong.p  pI can do this using Process Explorer quite easily see below but I am not sure where to begin with Delphi. Ive browsed the a hrefhttpsourceforge.netprojectssetaclfiles relnofollowSetAcl C source codea and I may use their OCX file, but Id prefer to use a native Delphi solution if one already exists. If not, Ill work on cloning SetAcl functionality.p  pDoes anyone have experience with this that they could sharep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZvf86.png altalt textp  pNOTE I had advocated a screen capture tool written in Delphi in this post and I am removing it bc it is unrelated. Im leaving this note here so the comments will still make sense Regards.p
Negative 387 pI doubt this is possible without extensive jailbreaking, but is it at all possible to edit the iPads or any iOS devices hosts filep
Negative 387 pCould anyone tel me what is the mistake  As the program is for finding the substrings in a given string and count there number of occurrences for those substrings. but the substring must check the occurrences for every three alphabets.p  pfor eg strongString AGAUUUAGAstrong i.e. for AGA, UUU, AGAp  poutput AGA2         UUU1p  precodeprintEnter the mRNA Sequencen count0 count10 seqltgt chompseq p lnlengthseq jln3 fori0,k0iltln,kltjk      fra[k]substrseq,i,3     ii3     iffra[k] eq AGA          count         printThe number of AGA is count      elseiffra[k] eq UUU          count1         print The number of UUU is count1       codepre
Negative 387 pGreetings,p  pOkay so i came across an issue that is driving me crazy and I am guessing it is because I am just going about it the wrong way.p  ol liI have a nav setup in a normal UL.li liWith css I set the li element to have a bottom border.li lipThe bottom border only extends enough to underline the contents inside the li tag.pli lipI tried giving the li tag a width of 100 and a width of auto.pli lipBecause certain pages have different links, the UL for the nav is set to automatically size the width based on the dynamic contents inside. So the UL is always the correct width.pli ol  pBut the li is only the width of the content in the li, causing some links to have a wider bottom border. I want all the links in the list to have a bottom border with the width of the ul and not the li.p  pA. Should i just nix the ul list, and use divs for each item or am i looking at this all wrongp  pB. How can I set the width of the li to always be the width of the ULp  pp  pBelow is a sample of how I am able to replicate the issue. It is a snippet of the css I am using with a jquery script but the code below is enough to duplicate the issue.p  ol liThe issue only happens with IE7li lipIf I remove height 20px from the .sub ul li class, it fixes the issue.... However I am not sure why it fixes the issue or why height causes the issue in the first place...pli lipOn my page I need the height in the .sub ul li because that UL is nested inside another UL which has a taller li height than the one I want to use in .sub ul lip  precodelthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetUTF8 gt lttitlegtUntitled Documentlttitlegt ltheadgt ltstyle typetextcssgt .sub ul li.sectionheader     borderbottom1px solid ccc     marginbottom10px     paddingbottom5px   .sub ul     liststyle none     margin 0 padding 0     widthauto     float left   .sub ul li      width auto Override parent list item     color ccc     paddingleft10px     paddingright10px     displayblock     floatnone     height20px   ltstylegt  ltbodygt     ltdiv  classsubgt             ltulgt             ltli classsectionheadergttestltligt             ltli classsectionheadergttest 2ltligt             ltli classsectionheadergttest 123ltligt             ltli classsectionheadergttest 12345ltligt             ltli classsectionheadergttest 123456789ltligt         ltulgt     ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepreli ol  pThank you in advance for any comments and insight p
Negative 387 pHi Im creating small application using  Visual C. I created simple user control, this user control appeard on toolbox , but if I want to drag this control on my form I only get  Faild to load toolbox item  mycontrol  it will be removed from toolbox. I thought that it might be a fault of my custom control, so I created custom control with no item on it  just default custom control and I tried to drag it on form, but I got the same error. What could be the problem p
Negative 387 pIm developing a JavaScript application that uses several open source JavaScript projects.  All their licenses have a phrase like You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License.  Does this mean I need to make a massive HTML comment at the top of my webpage with all the licences of the software that I usep
Negative 387 pI try to access a Sharepoint list via JAXWS as described a hrefhttpdavidsit.wordpress.com20100210readingasharepointlistwithjavatutorialhereap  pHowever, when running the code below I getp  precodejava.lang.Exception Exception. See stacktrace.com.sun.xml.internal.ws.client.ClientTransportException The server sent HTTP status code 401 Unauthorized codepre  pSharepoint requires NTLM authentication. What may be the problem Thanks a lotp  precodepublic static ListsSoap sharePointListsAuthString userName, String password throws Exception      ListsSoap port  null     if userName  null ampamp password  null          try              Lists service  new Lists             port  service.getListsSoap             System.out.printlnWeb Service Auth Username   userName             BindingProvider port.getRequestContext.putBindingProvider.USERNAMEPROPERTY, userName             BindingProvider port.getRequestContext.putBindingProvider.PASSWORDPROPERTY, password          catch Exception e              throw new ExceptionError   e.toString               else          throw new ExceptionCouldnt authenticate Invalid connection details given.          return port  codepre
Negative 387 pIm returning a list of lists, but the following seems far more convoluted than it should bep  precodenewlist  [] for key, value in group.items      newlist.extend[[sssss       ncode, vendor, extra, value[suffix], tariff,     value[latestcost], value[rrp], value[rb]] for tariff in value[trf]] return newlist codepre
Negative 387 pIs it possible to write the equivalent of this TSQL statement in Lambdap  pre SELECT  DISTINCT         pba1.adGroupsId ,      Amount  SELECT pba2.value                    FROM   ProjectBudgetAdjustment pba2                    WHERE  pba1.budgetId  pba2.budgetId                    AND    pba1.adGroupsId  pba2.adGroupsId                    AND    pba2.metricId IN                                           SELECT  id                        FROM    Metrics                        WHERE   [description]  Amount                    ,      [Hours]  SELECT pba2.value                     FROM   ProjectBudgetAdjustment pba2                     WHERE  pba1.budgetId  pba2.budgetId                     AND    pba1.adGroupsId  pba2.adGroupsId                     AND    pba2.metricId IN                                           SELECT id                        FROM   Metrics                        WHERE  [description]  Hours                    FROM    ProjectBudgetAdjustment pba1 WHERE   pba1.budgetId IN     SELECT  id    FROM ProjectBudget    WHERE   projectId IN           SELECT  id       FROM    Projects       WHERE   code  xxx      pre
Negative 387 pI have these coordinatesp  precodecoord  [10,10, 13,10, 13,13] codepre  pNow i need new coordinates.  The way between two coordinates is always one. For example p  precode10,10 11,10 12,10 13,10 13,11 13,12 13,13 codepre  pAny ideasp    pI found the solution.p  precodefor n in rangelencoord1     lengthx  coord[n1][0]  coord[n][0]     lengthy  coord[n1][1]  coord[n][1]     length  lengthx2  lengthy2.5     for m in rangelength         print coord[n][0]lengthxlengthm, coord[n][1]lengthylengthm codepre
Negative 387 pFor one of my client I need to develop a CMS. For instance, I need to have the following featuresp  ol liSkinnable layout and extensionsli liAble to upload zip archives and process them they contain picturesli liClassic pages articles ala wordpress, joomlali liContact formli liA catalogli liA cartli ol  pIm used to Zend Framework so Id like to develop it using Zf.p  pId like to have a very modular application, and I hope that my experience in playing around with Modx, Wordpress, Joomla, Magento will help me to avoid bad design.p  pId like to have a minimalist core system which on I could plug extensionsplugins and be able to customize them using defined conventions.p  pFor example, Id like that even one of my core features will be one of these extensions.p  pMy feature could have p  ol liAn admin interfaceli liA customdefault skinthemesli liModelsli liAny needed fixturesli liA configuration files xmlinili liControllersli liViewsli ol  pSo my question is how would you handle such design Is it goodp  pIm wondering on how Ill register an extension to my app, how will I use it inside my layouts, controllers.p  pWell I dont really know how to start as the design will define all the development of my application.p  pI already decided to use ZF 1.12, Doctrine 2, jQueryDojo dont know yet I dont really know Dojop
Negative 387 pIm trying to exit the REPL. p  pI use code. System exit 0code or codeSystemexit 0code, but that causes an error p  precodeException in thread Thread3 java.lang.RuntimeException java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException codepre  pIs there another way to exit the REPL How I can resolve this errorp
Negative 387 pIve created a custom content type based on the Document Base Type and have attached it to the Drop Off Library Created from Content Organiser Feature.p  pFrom Office I can create and Save Word, Powerpoint documents into the SharePoint drop off library as needed along with all required metadata.  However when I try to save from Excel to Drop Off Library I get the following error appear in the web browser...p  pCannot make a cache safe URL for ewa.js, file not found. Please verify that the file exists under the layouts directory.p  pIm unable to save, but on closing Excel it leaves a copy of the file in my Drop Off library albeit with no metadata  If I then edit from here I can make changes in Excel and metadata and save normally from Excel to the Drop Off Library.p  pIve checked the LAYOUTS folder and the ewa.js file is not there I wondered what can be done to rectify this so that it works first time from Excel to Drop Off Library.p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated. p
Negative 387 pI have a standard StructureMapbased ControllerFactory setup, and I have Controllers that have various dependencies that each have a dependency of type codeIRepositorycode, like sop  precode web assembly public StructureMapRegistry  Registry       public StructureMapRegistry              Scanscanner gt                                                scanner.AssemblyContainingTypeltWidgetControllergt                          scanner.AssemblyContainingTypeltRepositorygt                          scanner.WithDefaultConventions                                ForltIRepositorygt.HybridHttpOrThreadLocalScoped.UseltRepositorygt        public WidgetControllerIService1 service1, IService2 service2, Service3 service3       etc, etc    data assembly public Service1  IService1      public Service1IRepository repository               etc, etc        public Service2  IService2      public Service2IRepository repository               etc, etc        public Service3      public Service3IRepository repository               etc, etc       codepre  pUsing debugging and codeGetHashCodecode and the like, it seems that theres a new codeRepositorycode being instantiated in each of the services when the codeWidgetControllercode, when I am expecting them to all use the the same instance.p  pAm I misunderstanding what codeHybridHttpOrThreadLocalScopedcode does Is it because Im sometimes passing in concrete classes instead of interfaces as dependences, like I did with codeService3code in the code above IRepository is ALWAYS used, never the Repository concrete class Am I just completely doing this wrongp  pThis code was obviously extrapolated from the actual code, so I hope I didnt leave out any important details.p  pNOTE I am using StructureMap 2.6.1.p
Negative 387 pI trying to spec validations of my model this is my model p  precode class Account lt CouchRestModelBase          property user, String           property password, String          property name, String          property email, String          property activate, TrueClass, default gt true          validatespresenceof user, password, name, email          validateslengthof password, in gt 6..15, if gt lambdaaccount account.password.blank           validatesuniquenessof user, if gt lambdaaccount account.user.blank   end codepre  pand into my modelspec im trying to do this p  precodeaccount  Account.new account.should have1.erroronpresenceofemail codepre  pBut instead 1 error, Im getting 6 br  I think that might be caused by validates of couchrest but not sure. p  pCan someone clarify this for me pleasep  pP.S. If I validate the same model into console I get 4 errors corresponding the four  empty properties   p
Negative 387 pI have a data producer that produces data that is used by a number of a different consumers lets call them Cs. Each C has its own set of data that its interested in. The data producer has weak references to the Cs so they can be notified for updates.p  pEach C is also used by a number of independent components, so no single one component can tell when the C is no longer needed, so we have to leave it to the JVM to determine when C is GCable.p  pThe goal here is to be notified when a C becomes obsolete, so the data producer can turn off  data that is only interesting to that unused C.p  pAs I mentioned earlier, the data producer always has weak references to the Cs, so its easy to do it when a C is GCed. However, I noticed that the Cs usually stick around in the VM for an extended period of time before its finally GCed and all this while, the data producer is producing a LOT of data it should have needed to.p  pIs there any way for me to force the GC of unused Cs I am hoping for yes, but Im expecting a No, so as a followup question, does anyone have a good suggestion to how I can redesign this to make it work bettermore efficientlyp  pThank youp  pSome answers below make a lot of good points  in particular the suggestion to force users of C to subscribe and unsubscribe. This is difficult becausep  pC is just one possible implementation of an interface I which doesnt have this subscription requirement, which is what the users really use.  The C implementation is injected during runtime, so we cant force the users to comply to Cspecific requirements.  Ouchp
Negative 387 pI have a class named ABC which has a class templatep  precodetemplate ltclass Tgt class ABC codepre  pIn another class I am trying to store of objects ABC in a listp  precodeclass CDE private   listltABC gt somelist   codepre  pI intend to store objects of ABC which might have different class template parameters. Is it necessary to specify template even for a pointer at compile time What if the container is supposed to store objects of different type Is that not possiblep
Negative 387 pIs there a way the measure the hight of the navigation bar at the bottom in pixelsp
Negative 387 pIm porting a fairly simple iPhone Navigation based app to a Split View iPad app.br I have two nested levels of navigation on the Master view.  The user picks a value from the first table and it loads the 2nd table.  Selecting a value on the second table loads the Detail item for the detail view.  Or its supposed to.  The didSelectRowAtIndexPath on my 2nd controller is firing but indexPath is null.  p  pIm following the SplitView template fairly closely.  Im only really getting off the beaten track by adding that 2nd TableViewController.  My RootViewController loads the 2nd TableViewController on didSelectRowAtIndexPath, and that parts working.  In my 2nd TableViewController.m Im trying to set the detail item for the DetailView. But its that didSelectRowAtIndexPath method thats not giving me the row.  Im fairly new to this, but it seems odd to me that the method for clicking a row would fire but not have the index for that row. p  pHeres the codep  precode voidtableViewUITableView tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath       TrackerSplitViewAppDelegate appDelegate  TrackerSplitViewAppDelegate [[UIApplication sharedApplication] delegate]     detailViewController.thisRequest  [appDelegate.requests objectAtIndexindexPath.row]     NSLogRequest Loaded , detailViewController.thisRequest.Title     NSLogIndex Row , indexPath.row     [appDelegate release]   codepre  pThe array of requests is loading properly appDelegate.requests but my objectAtIndex is failing because indexPath is null.  Or at least indexPath.row is null.  p  pEDIT  Ok, the comments below are correct, Im not using NSLog properly.  The indexPath.row is fine I thought it was also showing up as null using the mouseover in the debugger, but I just dont know how to use the debugger properly.p  pThe detailViewController property isnt getting set right for some reason.  If I substitute with thisp  precodedetailViewController.thisRequest  [appDelegate.requests objectAtIndexindexPath.row] Request aRequest  [appDelegate.requests objectAtIndexindexPath.row] codepre  pThe aRequest object loads just fine.  So the next question is why setting my property on my detailViewController object isnt working. Im still quite fuzzy on how things persist in this environment.  Any additional input would be great.  p
Negative 387 pI have to get Dow Jones Index using rest API in Flash. I found YahooApi, it works well on other indexes, but returns nothing on DJI.  I have tested it here a hrefhttpgoo.glirKeK relnofollowhttpgoo.glirKeKap  pNether DJI nor DJIA returns Dow Jones index. NDX works well. How can I get this index toop  pIf there is any other rest API option to get indexes, let me know. Thank youp
Negative 387 pI am working on an existing application which has quite a lot of external JAR dependencies. I need to enhance it to integrate with a thirdparty application which has an API. Sadly, the API is not well contained and also comes with a large number of its own dependencies some of which clash with mine.p  pI believe I should solve this using Classloaders, but Im struggling to see how to structure them correctly.p  pTo keep it simple, assume we have myapp.jar with a hibernate3.jar dependency, and vendorapi.jar with a hibernate2.jar dependency and assume these are incompatible.p  pMy new piece of code will reside in the myapp.jar library although it could be in a separate jar if this would help. Due to the way the vendor API works, my new code needs to  extend a class from the vendorapi.jar library. p  pHow can I structure the Classloaders in such a way that anything within the vendorapi.jar accesses only its own dependencies, and anything on my side accesses only the myapp.jar and dependenciesp  pThanks, Jonp
Negative 387 pIn a project Im working on, I want to send notifications to my users iPhone from my Chrome extension. The notifications will mostly be about their accounts on my site, and I would like them to be able to reply with the type of action they want taken concerning the alerts.p  pTo help me do this, I found sa hrefhttppushme.to relnofollowhttppushme.toassub1sub which works by allowing the iPhone owner to download their app, create an account via that app, and from then on be able to receive  IMlike messages and push notifications. I can send my iPhone users messages via a hrefhttppushme.toiphoneusersusername relnofollowhttppushme.toiphoneusersusernamea by automating that page with javascript. However, it will be imperative that I also send images along with the alerts, and am unable to do that as the site uses a flash uploader.p  p[strongEDITstrong To clarify  pushme.to has a feature that allows you to send along images with a message, this is what I was referring to]p  pSo, to cut to the chase and hit the bottom line does anyone know of an app the provides a companion app amp API for sending messages that the user can reply to Meaining that the user receives my messages, can reply to them  and my Chrome Extension receive their repliesp  pThanks in advancep  hr  psub1sub Service no longer activep
Negative 387 pI have  a java codeStringcode like thisp  precodeString strampPampPampPampPampPampPampPampPampPampPampPampP Tannay Mnadal ampPampPampPampPampPampP Tata codepre  pI am trying to remove all codeampPcode where the consecutive occurrence is more than  two.p  pie. any codefunctionstrcode , will return codeampPampP  Tannay Mnadal ampPampP Tatacodep  pAny help will be appreciated. Thanksp
Negative 387 pI have an NSString with data for ex.p  blockquote   pSCENE169dopravadopravatabulka    1299234095 SCENE169dopravadopravavideo    1299234166 p blockquote  pI would like delete parts brackests and the number, but the numers are not constatnt.p  blockquote   p   1299234095      1299234166p blockquote  pHow can I delete this p
Negative 387 pI want to start learning Apache Struts 2. Please explain the benefits of using a web framework such as Struts 2. Also what are the differences between Struts 1 and Struts 2p
Negative 387 pHello Everyone and Good Morning,p  pI am working with the page a hrefhttp702wedding.comlive relnofollowhttp702wedding.comliveap  pAnd it works in ALL my browsers Execpt IE. I dont have IE so I am kinda flying in the dark as far as fixing it. My boss is saying something about the iframe border showing in IE and we else any of you IEers can see. Also the font on the index page BEHIND the modal is showing tiny font.p  pI am on a mac and desprately need a way to see IE in the future, BUT can anyone help me fix this this morningp  pbProblemsbbr iFrame Showing in IEbr Tiny Font behing Modal in Index Page.brp  pThank You all very much, as always.p  pp
Negative 387 pHey Guys, I am doing a social networking site that requires a good bit of queries. I am using 1 query that has a IN function in it. I am wondering if this requires a full DB scan. I am not sure of any other way to get the same results.p  pExample Tablep  precodeID  NAME  AGE 05  Quinton  25 22  Stevey  33 78  Rebecca  22 90  Michael  26  Query SELECT  FROM users WHERE id IN05,78 ORDER BY id DESC LIMIT 0,2 codepre  pIs this the most efficient way to get a list of users that are in a array using PHPp
Negative 387 pi actually stuck on a Problem using Apples Reachability class.p  pIm checking for internet Connection by thisp  precodeReachability r  [Reachability reachabilityWithHostNamehttpgoogle.com]     NetworkStatus internetStatus  [r currentReachabilityStatus]      if internetStatus  NotReachable          UIAlertView alert  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitleKeine Internetverbindung messageDiese Applikation erfordert eine Internetverbindung. Bitte aktivieren Sie diese um die Inhalte korrekt darstellen zu knnen. delegateself cancelButtonTitleOk otherButtonTitlesnil]         [alert show]         [alert release]          else           The stuff if want to do with connection      codepre  pI tested it in Simulator and on my iPhone 4. It works fine, but only for WIFI. If Im not in a WIFI Network, I still get the alert Message. Can anybody tell me why it doesnt check for the iPhones 3G, or mobile data network connectionp
Negative 387 pHave a client thats claiming complied C is harder to reverse engineer than sudo compiled Perl bytecode, or the like. Anyone have a way to prove, or disprove this p
Negative 387 pIve a dictionary in following formatp  blockquote   parray [[uunsigned 15.0], [uoctetstring 12.0], [uoctetstring 12.0], [uoctetstring 12.0], [uoctetstring 45.0], [uoctetstring 78.0], [uoctetstring 89.0], [uoctetstring 65.0], [uoctetstring 352.0], [uoctetstring 45.0], [uoctetstring 12.0], [uoctetstring 45.0], [uoctetstring 78.0], [uoctetstring 98.0], [uoctetstring 352.0], [uoctetstring 56.0], [uoctetstring 89.0], [uoctetstring 78.0], [uoctetstring 45.0], [uoctetstring 12.0], [uoctetstring 23.0], [uoctetstring 65.0], [uoctetstring 65.0], [uoctetstring 45.0], [uoctetstring 78.0], [uoctetstring 899.0], [uoctetstring 8989.0], [uoctetstring 6565.0], [uoctetstring 323.0], [uoctetstring 1211.0]]p blockquote  pwhat is the most effective way to get values of [15.0,12.0,12.0,12.0,45.0,,,,etc]p
Negative 387 pIs there any, even an experimental, way to drag a file from the browser window to desktop May be new browsers experimental features Anything would help. Thanksp
Negative 387 pWhat do you think about TFS as time tracking tool Are there builtin functionalities that can efficiently track time that is spent at some work items, sprints, projects,... Also, it would be useful to explain how to do it. p  pI found at a hrefhttpsocial.msdn.microsoft.comforumsenUStfsworkitemtrackingthreadde0dffc0c04b46cda26ec39890ecd151MSDN foruma some suggestions that it is better to use some other tool. What is your opinion about thisp  pI edited this post, because I wanted to add one more topic  Bug tracking. During internet search I found many articles that agree that TFS is good Bug tracking tool, so I wanted to ask for your experiences and for suggestion for good Howto articles or books. Usually people suggest book a hrefhttprads.stackoverflow.comamznclick0470484268Application Lifecycle Management with Vs2010a so I take a look and found interesting chapters, but in this moment I need book or tutorial that covers Bug tracking in details in this book it is not covered in that way. Also, book is very useful and I recommend it.p
Negative 387 pI try to compile php source on AIX5.2, the command used to configure isp  p.configure prefixusrlocalphp withapxs2usrlocalapache2binapxs withconfigfilepathusrlocalapache2conf withgdoptfreeware withzlibdiroptfreewarelib enableshared disablestatic withpng withzlib withbz2 withxml withjpegdiroptfreewarelib withpngdiroptfreewarelib withxpmdiroptfreewarelib withfreetypediroptfreewarelib withmysqlusrlocalmysql.p  pIt goes well in the configure step,but in make step, I get the message for each object, likep  pgcc unrecognized option zlazyload    gcc language strconst not recognized    gcc language strconst not recognized    gcc usrlocalphp5.3.5extdatephpdate.c linker input file unused because linking not donep  pand the make failed. What is the problem,thanks p
Negative 387 pI am getting the following errorp  precodetry  Element.updatestatus, This product doesnt exist.  catch e  alertRJS errornn  e.toString alertElement.updatestatus, This product doesnt exist. throw e  codepre  pIll just jump straight into it and give you my codep  pview p  precodelt formtag productverify, remote gt true do gt   ltpgt     lt textfieldtag search, params[search] gt     lt submittag Search, name gt nil gt   ltpgt lt end gt  ltdiv idstatusgtltdivgt codepre  pproductscontroller.rbp  precode  def verify     product  Product.findbyverificationparams[search]     render update do page       if product  nil         page.replacehtml status, This product doesnt exist.       else         page.replacehtml status, This product is product.status       end     end   end codepre  proutes.rbp  precodematch verify, to gt productsverify codepre  pI have NO idea why this isnt working.  I have lt javascriptincludetag defaults  and lt csrfmetatag  in the header, ive tried the formfor with method  getp  pI do something almost exactly like this elsewhere in my application and it works perfectly im using a select menu in that instance, but in that case it is actually modifying the database.  In this instance I am just looking something up.p  pCan anyone point me in the right direction Thanksp
Negative 387 pI have a linux server with two NICs eth0 and eth1, and have set eth0 as default in ip route.  Now I would like to receive multicast packets on eth1.  I have added 224.0.20.024 dev eth1  proto static scope link to the routing table, and I connect as followsp  precodesock  socketPFINET, SOCKDGRAM, IPPROTOIP   port 12345, adress INADDRANY bindsock, ampbindaddr, sizeofbindaddr   multicast address 224.0.20.100, interface address 10.13.0.7 eth1 setsockoptsock, IPPROTOIP, IPADDMEMBERSHIP, ampimreq, sizeofimreq codepre  pAccording to codeip maddrcode it connects to that group on the right interface, and codetshark i eth1code shows that I am actually getting multicast packets.p  pHowever, I dont get any packets when calling coderecvfromsockcode.  If I set ip route default to eth1 instead of eth0, I do get packets via recvfrom.  Is this an issue with my code or with my network setup, and what is the correct way of doing thisp  pupdate strongsolutionstrong caf hinted that a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5483779receivingmulticastonaserverwithmultipleinterfaceslinuxthisa might be the same problem indeed after doing codeecho 0 gt procsysnetipv4confeth1rpfiltercode I can now receive multicast packetsp
Negative 387 pIm trying to rotate a 3D object on its Z axis updown.p  precodepublic void RotateYfloat angle      foreach CoordinateVertices cv in this.GetAllltCoordinateVerticesgt              for int i  0 i lt cv.Coordinates.Length i                      Vector3 old  cv.Coordinates[i]              float theta  Math.Atan2old.Y, old.X  angle             float rayon  Math.SqrtMath.Powold.X, 2  Math.Powold.Y, 2              cv.Coordinates[i]  new Vector3Math.Costheta  rayon, Math.Sintheta  rayon, old.Z                codepre  pThe trigonometry is fairly simple, and it seems to work fine, but for some reason, my 3D object gets cut in half.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comB58V1.jpg altComparisonp  pDoes anybody have an idea of whats going on I would have posted this on the maths StackExchange, but it might be a problem with my programming too, and the trigonometry is really simple.p
Negative 387 pDrupal 7. Webforms 3.x.p  pI am trying to modify a webform component value on submit.  I made a custom module called mos and added this code to it.p  precodefunction mosformalterampform, formstate, formid     if formid  webformclientform43        dsmform[node]gtwebform[components][1]       form[submit][]  moscontactussubmit       function moscontactussubmitform, ampformstate    form[node]gtwebform[components][1]  workingmos.com  codepre  pHowever when I look at the results in the database the regular, nonoverridden value is stored.  Can you help let me know what I am doing wrongp  pEventually I want to take the input value and output an email address based on what was provided for example. 24 turns into bobsomewhere.com But I think I can figure this part out myself.p
Negative 387 pAs per the title. Id like a list of all the inner classes of a given class, it can be a list of names or a list of types  I am not fussed. Is this possible I thought there might be a way using reflection but havent been able to find one.p  pMany thanks, Thomasp
Negative 387 pWhats the best way to ensure your PowerShell function name is unique  The standard since version 1 is to put in a short unique id after the verb dash and before the noun.  For example, with my initials I could create function GetDWServer this is fine until someone creates a function in a different module for getting an object reference to a datawarehouse and uses the same function name.  Two or three letters just isnt sufficient but more than that gets ugly to read.p  pId prefer to have a unique prefix similar to .NET namespaces.  Its better for organization, easier on the eye and works with tab completion.  And it expands gracefully so you could name it DW.GetServer or DW.Network.GetServer.p  pThe downside of doing this is it runs afoul of PowerShells proper verb check during module importExportModuleMember.  You can get around this by specifying DisableNameChecking during import but Im wondering if doing this is sloppy and might be bad if PowerShell 3 comes out with a better solution.  I know PS verb purists are there any will complain that this probably hinders discovery but I cant think of a better option.p  pWhat do you dop  pYou can refer to an exported function using modulenamefunctionname notation but this wont work with tab completion and still doesnt get around the problem of the function name being unique.p
Negative 387 pIn my JApplet program,Id like to make the color of one cell of JTable to BLUE. Though there has many methods to do it.One method I think easy is to use HTML tag. But it only works well when firstly access the JApplet with JRE 6u24. operation as followsp  p1.open the JApplet.You can see the color of cell display BLUE.p  p2.on the IE page,refresh the component by pressing F5. You can see the content of the cell which is changed to BLUE is now display as BLANKp  pThen I unistall the JRE 6u24 and install JRE of other version. The conclusion is that the problem only happens with version after 6U22including 6U22.It works well with version before 6u21including 6u21.p  pSo it seems a bug of JRE of version 6U22. p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated p
Negative 387 pThe project I am on is requesting two or even three unique identifiers from the iPhone or iPad.  I know, I know... the UDID should be enough but we are trying to see if there are any other unique identifiers that we can use.p  pI can get the IMEI, serial number, MAC Address, etc. from the phone using the IOKit.framework but apparently this is frowned upon by Apple and any app using this framework will be rejected.p  pDoes anyone have any other ideas, or identifiers that I am missing that could be usedp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pWe have a legacy ASP.NET web application that executes many stored procedures via ADO.NET. Can anyone recommend a profiling tool or a straightforward method to log these database calls clientside when they occurp  pI appreciate any tips.p
Negative 387 pWhile using this line of code, I get the errorp  pCS1040 Preprocessor directives must appear as the first nonwhitespace character on a linep  pThis code is under  tag and inside an aspRepeater controlp  precodelttd valignbottom width130gt lt EvalQuantitygt in stockltbr gt ltinput classtextbox maxlength2 nameQuantity size2 typetext value1 gt                     ltbr gt  lta idA1 classpositive runatserver onserverclickaddtocartltEvalProductDescriptionIdgt,Quantitygt Add to Cartltagt codepre
Negative 387 pIm having problems with the view for my error controller view in a ZF application. I am using a default layout, and just adding an error message to it. However, my images dont always show up in the view for 404 errors.p  pIf I type a nonexistent controller like  mysite.comcontactasddf, it shows the images fine If I type a legit controller, but nonexistent action like mysite.comcontactasdf, the images dont show upp  pThoughts p
Negative 387 pEnvironment python 2.xp  pIf codeprintcode is a builtin function, why does it strongnotstrong behave like other functions  What is so special about codeprintcode p  precodestart session gtgtgt ord a Exception  invalid syntax gtgtgt orda 97 gtgtgt print a a gtgtgt printa  a gtgtgt ord ltbuiltin function ordgt gtgtgt print  finish session codepre
Negative 387 pAlthough Ive been using git for some time now, I still consider myself a n00b, so please dont be too harsh on me.p  pIm maintaining a corporate mainframe system as two nonidentical copies. Lets call them Test and Production. The mainframe has nothing that I or, probably, any of you would consider to be a version control system, so Im using git on the desktop to provide me with version control. Here are the main features of my current workflowp  ul lipThe desktop and mainframe are synced with FTP. In the end, all development work, whether written on the mainframe or the PC, ends up on the PC in a git branch.pli lipI have no access to any kind of modern deployment technology such as Hudsonpli lipI have two main branches, called Test and Prod. Because of the inherited structure of the product, there a number of differences in the code between the Test and Prod instances. For example, all the display panels need clearly to identify whether this is Test or Prod, but there is no way to configure this at a single point.pli lipI generally create other branches adhoc for specific development subprojects.pli lipGeneral development is done on the Test branch, with multiple commits. When ready, these are cherrypicked onto Prod, tagged with a change number, and uploaded when approved. pli lipEmergency work, fortunately rare, is done on the Prod branch and cherrypicked onto Test.pli lipThe cherrypicking, very occasionally, requires a manual merge.pli ul  pI should like to improve this workflow. Currently my repository is full of parallel identical changes on the two branches. p  pI think I would prefer to do it this way for Test  Prodp  ul lipOnce development is ready, create a new branch at the HEAD of Prodpli lipCollapse this set of development changes into a single change on the new branchpli lipMerge this new branch on to Prod. Bear in mind that their common ancestor is embeforeem the changes that make Test different from Prod pli ul  pIt appears that codegit rebase icode might do the job, but I must confess that codegit rebasecode is my empons asinorumem, and somehow Ive managed to mess up my tree a number of times.p  pSo my questions are thesep  ol lipPlease suggest a better way, within the constraints of the product.pli lipIf my preferred approach is viable, could someone please suggest the correct parameters for codegit rebase icodepli ol
Negative 387 pi have a requirement wherein i have to extract content inside codeltrawgtcode tag. For example i need to extract codeabcdcode and codeefghcode from this html snippetbr  codelthtmlgtltbodygtltraw somestuffgtabcdltrawgtltraw somesuffgtefghltrawgtltbodygtlthtmlgtcode p  pI used this code in my pythonbr   codere.matchr.raw..raw., DATAcodep  pBut this is not returning any substring. Im not good at regex. So a correction to this or a new solution would help me a great deal.  I am not supposed to use external libs due to some restriction in my company. Hope my requirement sounded clear enough... do help... thanks...p
Negative 387 pI am getting codeInvalid column name Discriminatorcode whilst saving a record. Code First, EF4.1p  pI have an entity I wish to track via EFp  precodepublic class Audit  public virtual string p1  public virtual string p2 codepre  pi have a specialism UserAudit, that adds no new virtual properties, it just sets up base ready for auditp  precodepublic class UserAudit  Audit  public UserAudit  p1  someval  codepre  pAnd the configp  precodepublic class AuditConfiguration  EntityTypeConfigurationltAuditgt        public AuditConfiguration            ToTableAUDIT       HasKeyc gt c.Id       Propertyc gt c.Id.HasColumnNameAUDITID         codepre  pAnd the repop  precodepublic class AuditRepository  IAuditRepository        public void LogAuditAudit audit            using var db  new AuditContext                db.Audits.Addaudit         db.SaveChanges                codepre  pWhat do i need to do to tell EF to ignorehandle the specialism correctly when i coderepo.LogAudit userAudit code p
Negative 387 pa hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryaa36683628vvs.8529.aspx relnofollowWCHAR wszNamea  p  pIn the debugger displays multiple squares and each addressed 0xcdcd  p  precodeprintfDescription wsn, pIfRowgtwszName prints nothing codepre  pIs there a reason it can not get the name from XPbr All other info in codeMIBIFTABLEcode is correctp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI have a CoreData database for an iphone app populated with a lot of data.p  pHow can I efficiently use this database in an Android appp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI am having universal app. And i want to to display splash screen with different resolutions for iphone and ipad.  How can i set it p
Negative 387 pAs a followup to this questionbr a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5913779isabadpracticetoreturndiferenttypeswhenoverloadingamethod5913866comment6808934Is a bad practice to Return diferent types when overloading a methodap  pI am thinking about a very simple mapper interface Im usingp  precodepublic interface IMapltT,Ugt      U MapFromT obj     T MapFromU obj  codepre  pThis is perhaps a more targeted example of the noted questions discussion. An instance implementing this interface just maps between types.br I could do it this wayp  precodepublic interface IMapltT,Ugt      U MapRightT obj     T MapLeftU obj  codepre  pbut that seems silly because, conceptually, the notion of emtoem and emfromem dont really apply to my generic mapper here. Its just a bidirectional map. So, to compliment the linked question br strongIs this generic map bad practicestrong brp  pstrongHow should I name methods to avoid returning different types without compromising the genericness of the interfacestrongp  pstrongEDITstrong Also, in response to an answer, this emisem for mapper not that its really relevant. I just dont include the mapping method in the interface.p  pstrongEDIT2strong I suppose the same question would apply if I had a singledirection mapper or adapter then I implemented it twice for the two directions... same method name, different return type.p
Negative 387 pI have followed this tutorial for building my chat application. When I try to add reference of my service I get the following errorp  blockquote   pContract requires Duplex, but Binding   BasicHttpBinding doesnt support it   or isnt configured properly to   support it.p blockquote  pMy web.config is as followsp  precodeltextensionsgt   ltbindingExtensionsgt     ltadd namepollingDuplex typeSystem.ServiceModel.Configuration.PollingDuplexHttpBindingCollectionElement,System.ServiceModel.PollingDuplex, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 gt   ltbindingExtensionsgt ltextensionsgt  ltbindingsgt         ltpollingDuplexgt     ltbinding namechatPollingDuplex duplexModeMultipleMessagesPerPollgt   ltpollingDuplexgt ltbindingsgt      ltservicesgt         ltservice namePrototypeSite.ChatServicegt             ltendpoint address bindingpollingDuplex bindingConfigurationchatPollingDuplex contractPrototypeSite.ChatService gt     ltendpoint addressmex bindingwsDualHttpBinding contractIMetadataExchangegt   ltservicegt       ltservicesgt codepre
Negative 387 pI am creating a game using the BlackBerry Java API. I want to show an animation  can I use the sprite class Is there any similar functionality avaliable in the Blackberry Java APIp
Negative 387 pI have this page for phones which plays a hrefhttpbedupako.comeradio.php relnofollowmusicap  pWhen i open it in iphone it doesnt readjust the width to properly.p  pWhat i want is only the player to be prominently visible and other background only after displaying the player.p  pCurrently if i readust my browser windows it adjusts properly.p  pWhy is it not fiting into the iphone and appearin like this a hrefhttpwww.freeimagehosting.netuploads48d4ded308.png relnofollowimageap
Negative 387 pIm looking for a simple object that will hold my work threads and I need it to not limit the number of threads, and not keep them alive longer than needed. But I do need it to have a method similar to an ExecutorService.shutdown Waiting for all the active threads to finish but not accepting any new onesp  pso maybe a threadpool isnt what I need, so I would love a push in the right direction. as they are meant to keep the threads alivep  pFurther clarification of intentp  peach thread is an upload of a file, and I have another process that modifies files,but it waits for the file to not have any uploads. by joining each of the threads. so when they are kept alive it locks that process. each thread adds himself to a list for a specific file on creation, so I only join threads that upload a specific filep  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pRecently I came across a wierd thing in IE.p  pIt ignores a important tag for CSS attributes.p  pDoes anyone have a workaround for this, except putting it directly as a style attribute inside the DOMp  pI do not want to go into the DOM and put styling attributes in it.p
Negative 387 pI am attempting to create a WP7 facebook app using facebook c sdk. For WP7 all requests are async.  I want to use FQL to make multiple calls to Facebook.   The only examples I can find show making 1 Facebook get request.  The examples define a FacebookClient.GetCompleted event.  How do I create a Callback handler for every request, when the only Event I can define is GetCompleted  p  pFor example for pre FaceBookClient.QueryAsynSelect Friend...  amp FaceBookClient.QueryAsynSelect Albums... pre how do I define a callback for each of thesep
Negative 387 pI am building an application in Django and want to run a .php script I already have made earlier. I need to be able to give along a string to the .php file and catch the returning output. Does anyone have an idea how to do this Can I make some kind of http request and catch the response p  pp.s. I already tried converting the php file to python script but I couldnt get it to work..p
Negative 387 pIve been stuck on this for awhile. Does anyone know how to authenticate the Twitter Streaming API requests using OAuth As of right now Im authenticating via Basic Authentication, and I would like to completely switch over to OAuth. Also, Im using Ruby on Rails if that helps.p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI would like to know what kind of limitations there are in using websockets.p  pWebsockets is just so.. powerful. I cant imagine that it is without disadvantages.p  pSay, what is the number of users that can simultaneously connect to a server if Im creating a game and users will connect to the game through WebSockets, what will limit the number of users able to connect at any one timep  pAlso is it true that with each additional connection, the quality of the connections speed and stuff like that will decreasep
Negative 387 pIm trying to resize an NSWindow the main one with a nice easing animation EaseOut.p  pI can use the code[NSWindow animator]code but I havnt found a way to add the easing effect.p  pDo you have an idea or code sample which can help me to do thatp
Negative 387 pive been working on this for several days and im just out of ideas. ive searched everywhere and have the book ProAndroid2.p  pim trying to do something simple i thought which was have two text boxes where a user enters a number in each, then pushes a button and the sum of the numbers will display.p  pi found a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3628976addingtwonumbersfromedittextinfirstactivityanddisplayingtheansweronathisa on stackoverflow about doing pretty much the exact same thing and have been doing pretty good at learning all sorts of stuff, but im apparently missing something very very basic. i can get the text view to display a sum if i set the variables, but i cant figure out how to get user input.p  pthe errors im getting are that EditText cant be parsed as in integer, even tho everything i find says to use the toString method im using. and i think it might be because im not sure how to get the app to wait to parse it until the button is clicked which is what i thought i was doing with how i have it set up. so essentially its parsing nothing and of course that cant be parsed. ugh.p  pany help much appreciated. please believe ive searched and searched and read and read, i think i might be missing out on some important concept and not know what exactly to search for to get help. ive done some other tutorials but this is just really making me crazy.p  precode    import android.app.Activity     import android.content.Intent     import android.os.Bundle     import android.view.View     import android.view.View.OnClickListener     import android.widget.Button     import android.widget.EditText     import android.widget.TextView      public class AddNumbers extends Activity               TextView textview         Button  button1         EditText number1, number2     Called when the activity is first created.  Override  public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState       super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.main     textview  TextViewfindViewByIdR.id.textView      gets numbers from user    number1  new EditTextthis    number2  new EditTextthis      button1  ButtonfindViewByIdR.id.button1    button1.setOnClickListenerbtnListener          private OnClickListener btnListener  new OnClickListener         public void onClickView v                                  int int1  Integer.parseIntnumber1.getText.toString    int int2  Integer.parseIntnumber2.getText.toString     int sum  int1  int2    Intent intent  new Intentthis,AddNumbers.class   intent.putExtrasum,sum   startActivityintent    getIntent   intent.getIntExtrasum, sum    textview.setTextString.valueOfsum            codepre  pand heres my xmlp  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid androidorientationvertical androidlayoutwidthfillparent androidlayoutheightfillparentgt ltEditText androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidtextEditText  androidlayoutheightwrapcontent androidididnumber1gtltEditTextgt  ltEditText androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidtextEditText  androidlayoutheightwrapcontent androidididnumber2gtltEditTextgt ltButton androidididbutton1 androidtextButton androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent  androidlayoutheightwrapcontentgtltButtongt ltTextView androidtextTextView androidididtextView  androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontentgtltTextViewgt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pand the manifestp  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt     ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     packagecom.self.projectOne     androidversionCode1     androidversionName1.0gt   ltapplication androidicondrawableicon androidlabelstringappnamegt     ltactivity androidnameAddNumbers               androidlabelstringappnamegt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt  ltapplicationgt ltmanifestgt codepre
Negative 387 pCan any one please explain me on how to throw a exception from a class library to a wcf service.   Actually i have three layers     1. Data Acess layerContails DB.     2. BI LayerWCF Class library     3. Asp.NET UIp  pNow my question is how to throw if some exception accurs in DAL to WCF BI Component.And How to throw that FaultException to UI.p  pThanks in Advance, Janep
Negative 387 pIm using libcurl to talk to two separate web servers over https.  p  pThe first server is running Lighttpd 1.4.261 on 64bit Ubuntu 10.04.  Lightty is built against openssl version 0.9.8k.  p  pThe second server is running Nginx 0.7.65 on 32bit Ubuntu 10.04.  Nginx is built against openssl version 0.9.8k.p  pBoth of these servers use the same certificate, and DNS is roundrobined between them.  I use etchosts to manage which of the two Im hitting.p  pIm using libcurl version 7.21.2 built against openssl 1.0.0c.p  pWith this, libcurl can successfully make an https request to the lightty server, but not the nginx server.  I can duplicate this with the curl commandline interface.  Heres the output of curl vp  precode About to connect to lthostnamegt port 443 0    Trying ltipgt... connected  Connected to lthostnamegt ltipgt port 443 0  successfully set certificate verify locations    CAfile cadata   CApath none  SSLv3, TLS handshake, Client hello 1  SSLv3, TLS handshake, Server hello 2  SSLv3, TLS handshake, CERT 11  SSLv3, TLS alert, Server hello 2  SSL certificate problem, verify that the CA cert is OK. Details error14090086SSL routinesSSL3GETSERVERCERTIFICATEcertificate verify failed  Closing connection 0 curl 60 SSL certificate problem, verify that the CA cert is OK. Details error14090086SSL routinesSSL3GETSERVERCERTIFICATEcertificate verify failed codepre  pIf I use an older version of curl 7.19.7 with openssl 0.9.8l that I happen to have on the same system, the same request worksp  precode About to connect to lthostnamegt port 443 0    Trying ltipgt... connected  Connected to lthostnamegt ltipgt port 443 0  successfully set certificate verify locations    CAfile certdata   CApath none  SSLv3, TLS handshake, Client hello 1  SSLv3, TLS handshake, Server hello 2  SSLv3, TLS handshake, CERT 11  SSLv3, TLS handshake, Server key exchange 12  SSLv3, TLS handshake, Server finished 14  SSLv3, TLS handshake, Client key exchange 16  SSLv3, TLS change cipher, Client hello 1  SSLv3, TLS handshake, Finished 20  SSLv3, TLS change cipher, Client hello 1  SSLv3, TLS handshake, Finished 20  SSL connection using DHERSAAES256SHA  Server certificate codepre  pThinking this was something to do with the newer versions of curl andor openssl, I rebuilt my curl and libcurl with the same version and options enabledp  precodeBroken my build seldonbin ryanowen .curl V curl 7.19.7 i386appledarwin10.7.0 libcurl7.19.7 OpenSSL0.9.8l zlib1.2.3 Protocols tftp ftp telnet dict ldap http file https ftps  Features GSSNegotiate IPv6 Largefile NTLM SSL libz   Works system version seldonbin ryanowen usrbincurl V curl 7.19.7 universalappledarwin10.0 libcurl7.19.7 OpenSSL0.9.8l zlib1.2.3 Protocols tftp ftp telnet dict ldap http file https ftps  Features GSSNegotiate IPv6 Largefile NTLM SSL libz  codepre  pUnfortunately, this didnt seem to make a difference.  My curl build still fails but only when talking to the nginx server while the system build of course still works.p  pWhat could be different about my libcurl build that is causing it to fail the SSL handshake  Are there any options not reflected in the V output that I need to enable  Anything about the Nginx side of things that I should look intop
Negative 387 pI have a jtextarea with some texts. I use java highligher to highlight some texts on that jtextarea. I want to print the content of that textarea to another textarea with the highlighted texts. Is that possible Or is there any way of getting only the highlighted text inside a jtextareap
Negative 387 pI am trying my hands on using web services in my app. I am trying to use this servicehttpwww.w3schools.comwebservicestempconvert.asmx This service converts temp in celsius to fahrenheit and vice versa. So it also needs some value to convert. Please share some info on this. A code snippet will be great or any tutorial or sample app.p  pThanks,p
Negative 387 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6408434uiimageinuitableviewcellslowdownsscrollingtableUIImage in uitableViewcell slowdowns scrolling tablea  p blockquote    pI filled my table view data with plist file which will download from a server . but after user scrolls the table the scrolling is very slow  this is my code p  precode    this is my plist code that load from server           NSURL url  [NSURL URLWithStringhttpexample.comnews.plist]          titles  [[NSArray arrayWithContentsOfURLurl] retain]   tableview    NSIntegernumberOfSectionsInTableViewUITableView tableView      return 1    NSIntegertableViewUITableView tableView numberOfRowsInSectionNSIntegersection      return titles.count     return subtitle.count           Customize the appearance of table view cells.      UITableViewCell tableViewUITableView tableView cellForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath              static NSString CellIdentifier  Cell          UITableViewCell cell  [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierCellIdentifier]         if cell  nil              cell  [[[UITableViewCell alloc] initWithStyleUITableViewCellStyleSubtitle reuseIdentifierCellIdentifier] autorelease]                    tableView.backgroundColor  [UIColor colorWithPatternImage[UIImage imageNamedbg.gif]]             Configure the cell.         NSUInteger row  [indexPath row]          cell.textLabel.text  [titles objectAtIndexrow]         cell.textLabel.textColor  [UIColor darkGrayColor]         cell.textLabel.backgroundColor  [UIColor clearColor]           cell.detailTextLabel.text  [subtitle objectAtIndexrow]          cell.detailTextLabel.numberOfLines  6         cell.detailTextLabel.backgroundColor  [UIColor clearColor]           gradiant BG for cells          UIImage image  [UIImage imageNamedbg2.gif]         UIImageView imageView  [[UIImageView alloc]initWithImageimage]         imageView.contentMode  UIViewContentModeScaleToFill         cell.backgroundView  imageView         [imageView release]           cell.accessoryType  UITableViewCellAccessoryDisclosureIndicator         tableView.separatorColor  [UIColor lightTextColor]           return cell       codepre  pThank you for telling me whats is my problem p
Negative 387 pIm developping an application in C in a Linux environment. Ive noticed that the following code leaks tons of memory after only hundreds executions p  precodedo      pthreadt               flushThread     pthreadattrt          attr     logeventthreadt       logThread   Db , ampdocurl       if  pthreadattrinit  ampattr   0  ampamp          pthreadattrsetdetachstate  ampattr , PTHREADCREATEDETACHED   0             pthreadcreate  ampflushThread , ampattr , voidFlushThread , voidamplogThread          pthreadattrdestroy  ampattr        while1 codepre  pWhen I started with the code, I only used pthreadcreate, but when I noticed the leak, I started  googled and searched StackOverflow, and found the following URLs p  ul lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3098655pthreadcreatememoryleakpthreadcreate memory leakali lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5610677valgrindmemoryleakerrorswhenusingpthreadcreatevalgrind memory leak errors when using pthreadcreateali ul  pThats why I initialize the attributes and start the thread detached. I also destroy the attributes. I can not use pthreadjoin since I dont want a blocking call, I want my thread to live on his own.p  pUnfortunately, the leak is still there. Ive no more ideas, and will get any further advice p  pThank you p  hr  parrowdodger Calling pthreaddetach without setting any kind of attributes also leaks. I also tried with setdetach and pthreaddetach without success.p  pdrhirsch  I know it leaks because when I have it run for 1 day, I get a Out Of Memory kernel panic. Additionnaly, using top I can see more and more memoery dedicated to my process but I understand the best way to minitor this is to use valgrind.p
Negative 387 pWhen I collect input from a user, how can I check to see if its an IP addressp
Negative 387 pI am trying to create a compound viewgroup after inflating the group from an XML file. p  pThe viewgroup is composed as A LinearLayout Root, 2 child LinearLayouts. I am able to see the layout correctly in the layout editor however, when I attempt to add a view say a button from the editor, the view does not show up and the application immediately force closes. I was told i may need to Override the onLayout method to correctly draw the view components but Im am fairly confused.p  pMy Classp  precodepublic class FocusBox extends LinearLayout  private LinearLayout    rootLayout,                         contentLayout,                         topLayout  public FocusBoxContext context      supercontext, null  public FocusBoxContext context, AttributeSet attrs      supercontext, attrs  LayoutInflater inflater  LayoutInflatercontext.getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE inflater.inflateR.layout.focusbox, this  rootLayout  LinearLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.focusBoxParent contentLayout  LinearLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.focusBottom topLayout  LinearLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.focusTop    codepre  pAnd the xml  p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout     xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidpadding4dp     androidididfocusBoxParent     androidorientationverticalgt     ltLinearLayout         androidbackgrounddrawablegradients         androidlayoutweight.1         androidgravitycenter         androidididfocusTop         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidorientationhorizontalgt         ltTextView             androidtextTextView             androidididfocusTitle             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidgravitycenter             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontentgt     ltLinearLayoutgt     ltLinearLayout         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutweight.9         androidididfocusBottom         androidbackgrounddrawablegradient2         androidorientationhorizontalgt     ltLinearLayoutgt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre
Negative 387 pIm new to maven and I am trying to get eclipse to recognise the maven directory structure when im using the dynamic web project perspective.p  pSo I started with the question here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2185603ajavawebprojectcreatedwithmavenisnotrecognizedassuchbyeclipseA Java web project created with Maven is not recognized as such by Eclipsea and I got this farp  ul lipI edited the eclipseplugin in my pom.xml asp  precode    ltplugingt       ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.pluginsltgroupIdgt       ltartifactIdgtmaveneclipsepluginltartifactIdgt       ltversiongt2.6ltversiongt       ltconfigurationgt         ltwtpmanifestgttrueltwtpmanifestgt         ltwtpapplicationxmlgttrueltwtpapplicationxmlgt         ltwtpversiongt2.0ltwtpversiongt                      ltdownloadSourcesgttrueltdownloadSourcesgt         ltadditionalBuildcommandsgt           ltbuildcommandgtcom.atlassw.tools.eclipse.checkstyle.CheckstyleBuilderltbuildcommandgt         ltadditionalBuildcommandsgt         ltadditionalConfiggt           ltfilegt             ltnamegt.checkstyleltnamegt             lturlgthttprs.gbif.orgconventionsjavastyleconfig.xmllturlgt           ltfilegt         ltadditionalConfiggt       ltconfigurationgt     ltplugingt codepreli lipThen I used the commandp  precodemvn eclipseeclipse codepreli ul  pand it gave the following as outputp  precode     [INFO] Scanning for projects...      [INFO]      [INFO]       [INFO] Building IPT 2.0.3SNAPSHOT      [INFO]       [INFO]      [INFO] gtgtgt maveneclipseplugin2.6eclipse defaultcli  ipt gtgtgt      [INFO]      [INFO]  buildnumbermavenplugin1.0beta4create default  ipt       [INFO] Checking for local modifications skipped.      [INFO] Updating project files from SCM skipped.      [INFO] Executing cmd.exe X C svn noninteractive info      [INFO] Working directory CIORSVNgbifprovidertoolkitreadonlygbifipt      [INFO] Storing buildNumber 3391 at timestamp 1309767247372      [INFO] Executing cmd.exe X C svn noninteractive info      [INFO] Working directory CIORSVNgbifprovidertoolkitreadonlygbifipt      [INFO] Storing buildScmBranch trunk      [INFO]      [INFO] ltltlt maveneclipseplugin2.6eclipse defaultcli  ipt ltltlt      [INFO]      [INFO]  maveneclipseplugin2.6eclipse defaultcli  ipt       [INFO] Adding support for WTP version 2.0.      [INFO] Using Eclipse Workspace null      [INFO] Adding default classpath container org.eclipse.jdt.launching.JRECONTAIN      ER      [WARNING] Invalid POM for org.apache.strutsstruts2corejar2.0.5, transitive d      ependencies if any will not be available, enable debug logging for more detail      s      [INFO]  TRUE  Manifests are equal      [INFO] Not writing Manifest file as it is unchanged CIORSVNgbifprovidertoo      lkitreadonlygbifiptsrcmainwebappMETAINFMANIFEST.MF      [INFO] Wrote settings to CIORSVNgbifprovidertoolkitreadonlygbifipt.set      tingsorg.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs      [INFO] Wrote Eclipse project for ipt to CIORSVNgbifprovidertoolkitreado      nlygbifipt. codepre  pSo doing this method I get the my Java Folders recognized in the Java Perspective in eclipse, but when I go to the Java EE perspective then nothing is recognized there. So the source as well as the webapps folder does not get recognised.p  pIn terms of versions, I use the SpringSource IDE version 2.3.1 and I use version 3 of maven this version didnt come with maven prebundled so I downloaded the latest mavenp
Negative 387 pOk, I am trying to use WatirRubyAutoIt to automatically download a file. So say the dialog below pops up, my goal is to automatically click Save File, and then hit Ok. If someone could provide an example of how to do this I would be very much obliged. Thanks again.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDuSZN.png altMozilla save dialogp
Negative 387 pThere is only one method in the MouseWheelListener interface. I need to do different things depending on whether the mouse is scrolled up or down. How to achieve such a thing Just for information, I have a JPanel inside a JScrollPane. I will use mouse wheel motion to zoom in or out.p
Negative 387 pIs this possible If a link was to newprotocalrandomwords, I need chrome to recognize that and run some code in a background page. Right now, it just makes a google search for it. If not, possible to do this with a pluginp
Negative 387 pIm trying to capture a video demo of my iPhone app so I can post it on Youtube.p  pIm using Jing application a hrefhttpwww.techsmith.comjing relnofollowhttpwww.techsmith.comjinga for Mac, and was able to capture a video of the app. However, I looked at the resulting file size and its 130MB Thats huge The video is 340 mins. p  pAny tips on how I can make the size of the file smaller, so that I can easily share it and post it on Youtubep  pThanksp
Negative 387 pMy story is that I am designing a new app which must communicate with a Windows service.  After much research I have come to the conclusion that Named Pipes are the recommended method  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions512366howdoisendastringfromoneinstanceofmydelphiprogramtoanotherHow do I send a string from one instance of my Delphi program to anothera  however, it appears that I cant use SendMessage or Named Pipes in Win7 due to security problems... the messages never reach outside the service to the application.p  pI am using the Russell Libbys named Pipe components, which work without a hitch between normal desktop apps, but the Windows service seems to be throwing a wrench in the solution. Further research tells me that it may be possible to open up security on both sides to let them communicate, however, my knowledge level on this is minimal at best, and I havent been able to make heads or tails of the possible API calls.p  pBased on the Delphi component pipes.pas, what needs to be done to open up this baby so both sides can start talking  Im sure the following two functions from the pipes.pas file identify the security attributes, is anyone able to help me out herep  pThanksp  precodeprocedure InitializeSecurityvar SA TSecurityAttributes var   sd PSecurityDescriptor begin     Allocate memory for the security descriptor   sd  AllocMemSECURITYDESCRIPTORMINLENGTH     Initialize the new security descriptor   if InitializeSecurityDescriptorsd, SECURITYDESCRIPTORREVISION then   begin      Add a NULL descriptor ACL to the security descriptor     if SetSecurityDescriptorDaclsd, True, nil, False then     begin        Set up the security attributes structure       SA.nLength  SizeOfTSecurityAttributes       SA.lpSecurityDescriptor  sd       SA.bInheritHandle  True     end     else        Failed to init the sec descriptor       RaiseWindowsError   end   else      Failed to init the sec descriptor     RaiseWindowsError  end  procedure FinalizeSecurityvar SA TSecurityAttributes begin     Release memory that was assigned to security descriptor   if AssignedSA.lpSecurityDescriptor then   begin      Reource protection     try        Free memory       FreeMemSA.lpSecurityDescriptor     finally        Clear pointer       SA.lpSecurityDescriptor  nil     end   end  end codepre
Negative 387 pIm using Cucumber to test my Rails app. Is there anyway to print the scenario description as the tests run Thanksp  pSample runp  precodelaptoprailsproj mark rake cucumber SystemLibraryFrameworksRuby.frameworkVersions1.8usrbinruby S bundle exec cucumber  profile default  Using the default profile...   ........................................................................................  20 scenarios 20 passed 88 steps 88 passed 0m0.593s Loaded suite usrbinrake Started  Finished in 0.000174 seconds.  0 tests, 0 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors codepre
Negative 387 pI want to change the default priority of a build definition the build is triggered each checkins. How do I do thatp
Negative 387 pI would like to change the way on Python 2.7 under Linux would load its moduleslibraries from. I have tried to change it from the Configure file. Before that, it was likep  blockquote precodeBINLIBDEST     LIBDIRpythonVERSION LIBDEST        SCRIPTDIRpythonVERSION INCLUDEPY      INCLUDEDIRpythonVERSION CONFINCLUDEPY  CONFINCLUDEDIRpythonVERSION LIBP           LIBDIRpythonVERSION codepre blockquote  pAnd I attempted to change it into thisp  blockquote precodeBINLIBDEST     LIBDIR LIBDEST        SCRIPTDIR INCLUDEPY      INCLUDEDIR CONFINCLUDEPY  CONFINCLUDEDIR LIBP           LIBDIR codepre blockquote  pMainly removing pythonVERSION from the pathname, so that instead of emlibpython27em, it would simply load its modules from only emlibem folder. However, even if initiating strongmakestrong and strongmake installstrong works with the changes, the empythonem or empython27em Python binary file does not loads the modules from the new path. It falls back with this outputp  blockquote precodeCould not find platform independent libraries ltprefixgt Could not find platform dependent libraries ltexecprefixgt Consider setting PYTHONHOME to ltprefixgt[ltexecprefixgt] import site failed use v for traceback codepre blockquote  pstrongIsstrong there a way on forcing the Python binary itself if must to load up the modules from a new path set by me, instead of the default one as emLIBDIRpythonVERSIONemp
Negative 387 pIm hoping someone out there can help me with this.  I tried posting it in the zencart forum, but no takers yet  so Im hoping stackoverflow will be able to help.p  pIn zencart, Ive found that the productinfo page can display minimum, maximum, and product quantity units.  However, it displays it side by side.  a hrefhttpspicasaweb.google.comlhphotoNmHDeVowEyaf0JcI0Hn0awfeatdirectlink relnofollowClick to see the image.ap  pI would like to have it displayed as a list item instead, but Im at a loss on how I can do this.p  pThe furthest Ive got is narrowing it down to the tplproductinfodisplay.php and in it, I found that its caused  by p  precodethebutton  zengetproductsquantityminunitsdisplayintGET[productsid] codepre  pThank you in advancep
Negative 387 pI have a set of unbound values stored in an array its an codeNSArraycode, if that helps. The values can range from 0 to infinity in reality the max value is about 100,000,000.p  pI need to sort the values in my array into a scale of strong0 to 20strong. p  pFor example, if I have a set of code1000, 3123, 31code, strong31strong would be strong0strong, strong1000strong would be strong10strong and strong3123strong would be strong20strong. The arrays vary in number of members and in max values, so I know if there are a lot of values with different ranges, a lot of those values would take up the same positions on the scale. strongMost of the time, the number of items will be way over 20 the average number of items is about 100.strongp  pemWhen the number of items is over 20, some of the items should have the same rating.emp  pI need this for visual representations of songs populatities per search queries, where those values are the global representations of the songs position on a global chart.p  pIs it possible to create such an algorithmp
Negative 387 psql select in relation manytomany not works as expectedp  pi have the following tables in relation manytomanyp  precodetable product prdcod pk catcod fk prdnome   table descriptioncharacteristic prdcodfk idcharacteristicfk description  table characteristic idcharacteristicpk name codepre  pwe suppose that the catcod will be 1, so i want to show all the products that have the category code equals 1,that will be provided dynamically in php for parameter ...p  pI have done this select below to solve my problemp  precodeselect p.prdcod,p.prdname,c.namecharacteristic,dc.description from product p,descriptioncharacteristic dc, characteristic c where p.prdcod  dc.prdcod and dc.idccharacteristic  c.idcharacteristic and p.catcod  1 codepre  pstrongbut the data were shown this waystrongp  precodePrdcod  Prdname   namecharacteristic  descript     1          pen        Color            pink         1          Pen        manufacturer     kingston     1          Pen        type                 brush   1          Pen        weight               0.020 codepre  pstrongI want to show the result this waystrongp  precodePrdcod  Prdname   namecharacteristic  descript  namecharacteristic  descript   1          pen        Color            pink      type                 brush   2          Pendrive  manufacturer     kingston  weight               0.020 codepre  pI would like to show all the characteristics of the same product, and not just two as above...p  pI can not do a select to solve this please i need help Thank you allp
Negative 387 pI have this code below. The thing is, each time I click on the SPIN ccmenuitem, the program crashes with a Program received signal SIGABRTp  pHeres the output in the consolep  pcode20110729 135252.906 HelloWorld[1031207] [NSCFString shuffle] unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x6833c90 20110729 135252.976 HelloWorld[1031207]  Terminating app due to uncaught exception NSInvalidArgumentException, reason [NSCFString shuffle] unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x6833c90codep  pI dont know whats wrong, myp  pAnd here is my code.p  precodeimport ltFoundationFoundation.hgt import cocos2d.h  interface GameScene  CCLayer      NSMutableArray  answersArray    holds all valid answers      NSMutableArray  lettersArray    holds placement of letters to display     NSMutableArray  userAnswerArray holds users answer to check and submit     NSString  THEWORD               the word   id scene ....  void spinWord  void playWord   end codepre  pAnd this implementationp  pp  precodeimplementation GameScene  id scene      ...     id init      if self[super init]           ...everything is initialized          [self initImages]          ...            void initImages      ....     CCMenuItem menuItem1  [CCMenuItemImage itemFromNormalImagePLAYunselected.png selectedImagePLAYselected.png targetnil selectorselectoronPlayWord]      CCMenuItem menuItem2  [CCMenuItemImage itemFromNormalImageSPINunselected.png selectedImageSPINselected.png targetself selectorselectorspinWord]      CCMenu menu  [CCMenu menuWithItemsmenuItem1, menuItem2, nil]     [menu alignItemsHorizontally]     menu.position  ccp72, 198     [self addChildmenu z2]    void spinWord     NSLog,lettersArray   ltif I uncomment this line, I get an EXCBADACCESS message instead     [lettersArray shuffle]    lt this line causes the SIGABRT signal, even if its initialized.     NSLog,lettersArray     ...  codepre  pend p  pPlease help me out. Is this a memory management problem If so, how do I fix itp  pThank you very muchp
Negative 387 pI am using MongoMapper 0.9.1 in Rails 3.0.9 and it throws the following error, when I try to save an object of a custom class into the DBp  blockquote   pBSONInvalidDocument Cannot serialize an object of class Signature into BSON.p blockquote  pMy application will enable users to sign documents and these signatures should be saved in a custom class. I simply declared the Signatureclass before the Docclass which is going to store itp  precodeclass Signature    value    date    user    def self.tomongovalue       value.toa    end    def self.frommongovalue       Signature.newvalue  []    end end  class Doc     ... codepre  pNo matter if I comment out the tomongo or frommongo methods, it always throws the exception quoted above when I want to test it by calling it from the controller viap  precode doc  Doc.new signature gt Signature.new codepre  pI have no idea why it wont work in my case. If anyone of you has got an idea it would be awesome if you help me. Thank you very much in advancep  pKind regards, Sebastianp
Negative 387 pI want to change the hyperlink color inside UITextView. The default colour is blue with a underline on the text. I am doing data type detection for phone numbersaddressesemails Is there a way to change the color  Please let me know. p  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pIm looking to return the coordinates of the points bounding the area of overlap between 2 arbitrary rectangles in 2D. Whats the best way to approach this that would take care of all the special cases egp  ul liRectangles intersecting only on a single vertex  the program would have to return the lone vertexli liRectangles which share whole or part of a side  the program would have to return the endpoints of the common line segmentli ul  pTo add to the complexity, it has to order the points in either clockwiseanticlockwise order. As such, I can use a convex hull algorithm to order them before reporting, but if theres an algorithm that can figure out the bounding points in order directly, thatll be the best p  pAny ideas of what avenues I should be looking at  Im not looking for code projects etc, only a general idea of a generic algorithm for which I dont have to keep a lot of  codeif special case then do thiscode kind of code.p  pEDIT The rectangles are arbitrary  i.e. they maymay not be parallel to XY axis...p
Negative 387 pI have a pojo producer which produces MyResourceManager.p  blockquote   pTraderResouceManager RequestScoped public MyResourceManager ... ... p blockquote  pMyResourceManger is injected into SLSB p  blockquote   pinject TraderDB private MyResourceManager rmp blockquote  pThe disposer is a followsp  blockquote   ppublic void closeDisposes TraderResouceManager MyResourceManager rm       rm.close   p blockquote  pstrongQuestionstrongp  pWhen does the close execute p  pIs it before closing transaction or after closing the transaction p  blockquote   pEDIT  The question perhaps needs additional explanation. Lets take a database connection analogy.p blockquote  pI create a producer with RequestScoped, using a pojo which creates a new connection per request.p  pWhat I need is to dispose the connection at the end of request. This connection is shared by other beans for now SLSB. In a given request there may be many beans involved running inside a transaction. Hence additionally I need to close the connection only after all the transactions are logically closed.p  pstrongQuestionstrong Will I be able to achieve this behavior with above code when I use container managed transactions p
Negative 387 pI am currently developing a very simple web service and thought I could write an API for that so when I decide to expand it on new platforms I would only have to code the parser application. That said, the API isnt meant for other developers but me, but I wont restrict access to it so anyone can build on that.p  pThen I thought I could even run the website itself through this API for various reasons like lower bandwidth consumption HTML generated in browser and clientside caching. Being AJAX heavy seemed like an even bigger reason to.p  pThe layout looks like thisp  precodeServer database, programming logic  API handles user readswrites  Client application the website, browser extensions, desktop app, mobile apps  Client cache further reduces server reads codepre  pAfter the introduction here are my questionsp  ol liIs this good use of APIli liIs it a good idea to run the whole website through the APIli liWhat choices for safe authentication do I have, using the API and for some reason I prefer not to use HTTPSli ol  pstrongEDITstrongp  pAdditional questionsp  ol liAny alternative approaches I havent consideredli liWhat are some potential issues I havent accounted for that may arise using this approachli ol
Negative 387 pHow can I use ZPL II to print a bitmap BMP imagep  pI used DY to download the BMP to the printerp  precodeDYRPRINT,B,B, ltsizegt , ltwidthgt , ltdatagt codepre  pI am using PHP to send raw data to the printer, so lt variables are coming from that script. Using the printers diagnostic utility I verified that the file was successfully downloaded using that command. I was also able to print that BMP file using TSPL, a different printer language that this particular printer also supports in addtion to ZPL, so I know that the BMP was written correctly.p  pI tried using the following code to then print the BMPp  precodeXA FO0,0XGRPRINT.BMP,1,1FS XZ codepre  pBut it only spits out a blank label.p  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 387 pI use jQuery UI dialog and Columnizer plugin to open up dialog modal window and show tables in columns if needed. All is working great, but.. only first time I click. When I click second time on the link whitch must open dialog, columnizer is not working, but is called.    Where can be the problemp  precodelinktoclick.liveclick, functione    e.preventDefault     How much items per column   var itemspercolumn  15    var dialogid  modaldialogbox1   var dialog  ltdiv iddialogidgtltdivgt        There is getting and parsing data from JSON    var data is parsed and created HTML        This is wrapper what I will tell columnizer to columnize ltdivsgt inside this wrapper    data  ltdivgt, id wrapper, class table.htmldata     dialog.htmldata.dialog     closeOnEscape true,     modaltrue,     title this.attrtitle,     resizable false,     width 1000        Columnizing columns variable is calculated by items in JSON   ifcolumns gt 1      wrapper.columnizecolumnscolumns,lastNeverTallesttrue       Fixing bug that UI dialog is not centred after showing   dialogid.dialogoption, position, center    return false  codepre  pSo when I wirst time click to  all is good  dialog shows up, data is columnized and I am happy. Then I close dialog and click once more on the linktoclick. Dialog is shown, but columnizer does not work...p  pAny ideasp
Negative 387 pI would like to use a GSM modem to make a voice call to a phone number, play a recorded message, wait for a digit to be pressed and then disconnect the call. The system needs to know if the line was busy, if the user answered and which digit was pressed by user if any. It should drop the line if nothing is pressed in 30 seconds. If user presses the digit before the question is completed then the voice should stop user doesnt have to wait. Also, it would be nice if system could handle invalid digits play invalid digit message, play original message and wait for input. Multiple calls in parallel would be nice, but I guess this is not possiblep  pI have found a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiVoicemodemcommandset relnofollowthis articlea which explains lowlevel interface quite nicely. However, this question is more pragmatic  which libraries and which GSM modem would you recommend OS is Linux, modem can be either RS232 or USB. I would prefer Python, but C is ok too.p  pBTW this is not telemarketing, it is a notification system. Not that it matters... p  pstrongEDITstrong I learned this system is known by keyword IVR added for future searchers.p
Negative 387 pI have a dll file that I am trying to open with notepad. When I try, notepad says Access is denied. I have the proper administrator permissions in the security section. Another unexplainable characteristic is that when I rightclick on the file to go into properties it opens the properties window in 510 seconds, not immediately like other files. p  pI thought it was a permissions issue, so I removed and added Administrator from the security list. That didnt work. I then thought maybe notepad is not opening it with administrator permissions, so I went into cmd in admin mode start menu run cmd to execute CTRLSHIFTENTER and tried opening the file notepad Cfilename.dll. Once again I was denied access. Then I tried removing all permissions, adding them back in again, and moving to a different folder. Still no success.p  pSo basically the file is uneditable and unreadable. If anyone could help make it otherwise, I would be very grateful.p  pBest Regards, Alip
Negative 387 pHeres my situation. I have a class called somethingDao that contains all my logic for querying a table. p  pThen, I also have somethingDaoResource, which is a Jersey API resource, but also a Singleton, and is instantiating a somethingDao object via Spring i.e., Im injecting a datasource into somethingDao.p  pThen, I have a Jersey API businessLogicResource that doesp  psomethingDaoResource.getInstance.getsomethingDao which gets me the somethingDao object at which I then fire multiple queries.p  pMy question is, is this considered a good design My main concern is that every time someone sends a HTTP request to my businessLogicResource, if the somethingDaoResource wasnt a Singleton or a static, then that would create a new instance of somethingDao, and open a new connection, which takes a while to do.p  pAny suggestions are more than welcome.p  pPS  I also have a c3p0 connection pool.p
Negative 387 pIve been to the codeplex site and I see members and a few bug reports, but I cant tell if there is new development going on or if it is just in cruise mode.  Anyone have any further detailsp  pemEdit for commentsem Many issues are proposed a hrefhttpcompositewpf.codeplex.comworkitemlistbasicProposed Issuesap  pbut the last time a code commit occurred was in November, 2010p  pa hrefhttpcompositewpf.codeplex.comSourceControllistchangesetsCode Commitap
Negative 387 pI have a super class with a signature likep  precodepublic abstract class FooltC extends Comparablelt super Cgtgt.. codepre  pSo the C class is supposed to be a Comparable object.p  pI want to use org.joda.time.Instant version 1.6 as the type parameter in a subclassp  precodepublic class SubFooltInstantgt codepre  punfortunately i get this errorp  precodeBound mismatch The type Instant is not a valid substitute for the bounded parameter ltC extends Comparablelt super Cgtgt of the type BigtablePollerltT,Cgt codepre  pThe Instant class extends AbstractInstant which implements Comparable no type parametersp  pIs there any way around this issuep  pThe only way i have been able to make it work is to change Foo top  precodeSuppressWarningsrawtypes public abstract class FooltC extends Comparablegt  codepre  pI would like to avoid the warning and Josh Bloch says not to use raw types in new code effective java Item 23.p
Negative 387 pI want to create a adjacency list using json object. I would like to implement json object for adjacency list in the following format.p  precodevar JSONobj node1[x1,y1,x3,y3,x4,y4], node2[x2,y2,x3,y3], node3[] codepre  pMy doubt is, whether I can add values to coordinate list dynamically such as codeJSONobj.node3[0]x4,y4code  or is there any better way to add values to JSONobj from outside the object declarationp
Negative 387 pI am sure that I am missing something simple because I have found the length of an element within an array using several different languages in my time, but this one has me stumped. p  pThe function has an alert to notify of the lengths of the contents of the 0 position within each array. Yet, it continuously alerts me that the lengths are both one. At the same time, I have the alert of the actual contents. Granted, I took courses leading up to differential equations, so I am not a mathematician, but I know that the length of 183 is not the same length as 13600. What am I doing wrongp  precode    markerPosLat  streetAddressLat[0] markerPosLng  streetAddressLng[0]  var point  new google.maps.LatLngmarkerPosLat,markerPosLng  var panoPos  mybigpano2.getPosition var schoolAdLen  schoolAddressSelectValue.length  8  var panoAd  new Array var schoolAd  new Array var tempPanoAd   tempPanoAd  panoStreet[0] var tempPanoAd2   tempPanoAd2panoStreet[0].matchd,panoStreet[0] panoAd[0]  tempPanoAd2 var tempStAd   schoolAd[0]  schoolAddressSelectValue var tempStAd2   tempStAd2schoolAd[0].matchd,schoolAd[0] schoolAd[0]  tempStAd2 var panoAdLen  panoAd[0].length var stAdLen  schoolAd[0].length alertpanoAd[0] schoolAd[0]  var panoPosLat  panoPos.lat  180  Math.PI var panoPosLng  panoPos.lng  180  Math.PI  var y  Math.sinmarkerPosLng  panoPosLng  Math.cosmarkerPosLat  var x  Math.cospanoPosLatMath.sinmarkerPosLat  Math.sinpanoPosLatMath.cosmarkerPosLatMath.cosmarkerPosLng  panoPosLng  brng  Math.atan2y, x  Math.PI  255  ifpanoAd[0]      ifpanoAdLen  stAdLen              ifisEvenpanoAd[0] ampamp isEvenschoolAd[0]                            else ifisOddpanoAd[0] ampamp isOddschoolAd[0]                            else                      brng  brng  1                   else              brng  brng  1              else      brng  brng  1   alertpanoAd[0] schoolAd[0] brng panoAdLen stAdLen codepre  pBasically, if panoAdLen  stAdLen is true, then I need to know if the panos address and the streetmarkers address are either both even or both odd, which if they are either of the two cases, then I do nothing. p  pHowever, if one is even and one is odd, then I need to make the bering negative to the panos bering, so that the panos bering is set the streetmarkers address.p  pAll of this could work fine if I can for sure know whether or not the lengths of the street numbers are the same or not. Sometimes google returns a cross street which has no street number, etc...p  pOf course, without knowing if two variables are of the same length then none of this works.p  pThe alert is always returning panoAdLen and stAdLen as both having the value of one.p  pa hrefhttpkronusproductions.commycarpaysmeajaxtestgoogle5.php relnofollowsample to viewap  pYou can see for yourself with the link above. I choose the ABC district from the first set of selection menus, then, once the addresses have been populated, I choose the Cerritos Elementary  13600 E 183rd St, Cerritos, CA.p  pYou will see the alert show the contents of panoAd[0] as being 183 and schoolAd[0] as being 13600. Yet panoAdLen is 1, as well as, stAdLen is 1  HOWp
Negative 387 pI need to add the value 1 onto whatever value is already in a UILabel view. For example, if the value of the UILabel were 2, I need to plus one to make it 3. How can I do thisp  pThanks,p  pJamesp
Negative 387 pWhen using Core Data, Xcode seems to modify the code.xcdatamodellayoutcode file every time I view the data model. I dont want to commit that change because I havent done anything. Is it safe to add that file to the .gitignorep
Negative 387 pWhat is the proper way to forward a request in spring to a different controllerp  precodeRequestMappingsomeurl public ModelAndView executeModel model      if someCondition          forward to controller A      else          forward to controller B       codepre  pAll of the controller have dependencies injected by Spring, so I cant just create them and call them myself, but I want the request attributes to be passed on to the other controllers.p
Negative 387 pThe following is the schema of my table nameaddtocartp  precodeaddtocartid   int10 PK createddate     timestamp ipaddress       varchar17 customerid      int11 sessionid       varchar1024 brandid           int11 productid       int11 saleseventid   int11 quantity         int11 referer          varchar1024 useragent       varchar1024 codepre  pBut whenever I am trying to do execute the following queryp  precodeINSERT INTO addtocart addtocartid,createddate,ipaddress,customerid,sessionid,skuid,productid,saleseventid,quantity,referer,useragent VALUES 1,20110224 204034,66.65.135.89,70154,qbk5r0rg9sl2ndiimquvnsab46,83791,308933,10105,2,httpswww.onekingslane.comproduct10105308933,Mozilla5.0 Macintosh U Intel Mac OS X 1065 enus AppleWebKit533.19.4 KHTML codepre  pI get the following errorp  blockquote   pERROR 1064 42000 You have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right   syntax to use near   204034,66.65.135.89,70154,qbk5r0rg9sl2ndiimquvnsab46,83791,308933,10105,2,http   at line 1 ERROR 1064 42000 You have an error in your SQL syntax   check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the   right syntax to use near U at line 1 ERROR 1064 42000 You have an   error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your   MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near Intel Mac OS X   1065 at line 1 ERROR 1064 42000 You have an error in your SQL   syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version   for the right syntax to use near enus AppleWebKit533.19.4 KHTML   at line 1p blockquote  pWhat am i doing wrong. Thanks.p
Negative 387 pIve installed gearman on ubuntu 10.04 recently and installed its pecl extension. Now , when I run a php file in the browser that contains p  precodeclient  new GearmanWorker dievarDumpclient codepre  pI get codeobjectGearmanWorker1 0  codep  pbut when running the a real worker file in terminal by root , I get thisp  precodesudo php worker.php PHP Deprecated  Comments starting with  are deprecated in etcphp5cliconf.dimagick.ini on line 1 in Unknown on line 0 PHP Deprecated  Comments starting with  are deprecated in etcphp5cliconf.dmcrypt.ini on line 1 in Unknown on line 0 PHP Warning  Module pcntl already loaded in Unknown on line 0 PHP Fatal error  Class GearmanWorker not found in homeMEpublichtmltryworker.php on line 3 codepre  pThe worker code p  precodeusrbinphp  ltphp worker new GearmanWorker workergtaddServer127.0.0.1 workergtaddFunctionreverse, reversefn while 1      print Waiting for job...n     ret  workergtwork     if workergtreturnCode  GEARMANSUCCESS         break  function reversefn job      workload  jobgtworkload     echo Received  job  . jobgthandle . n     echo Workload workloadn     result  strrevworkload     for i  1 i lt 10 i           jobgtstatusi, 10         sleep1          echo Result resultn     return result  codepre  pPlease helpp
Negative 387 pIm trying to send to send the following header with my HttpWebRequestp  pcodeConnection keepalivecodep  pHowever, the header is never sent.  Fiddler2 is showing that whenever I request the page in Google Chrome, the header is sent.  However, my application refuses to send this header for some reason.p  pI have set the codeKeepAlivecode property to codetruecode its codetruecode by default anyway, yet the header still does not get sent.p  pI am trying to send this header with multiple HttpWebRequests, but they all basically look like thisp  precodeHttpWebRequest logIn6  HttpWebRequestWebRequest.Createnew UriresponseFromLogIn5 logIn6.CookieContainer  cookies logIn6.KeepAlive  true logIn6.Referer  httpslogin.yahoo.comconfiglogin.srcsptamp.intlusamp.langenUSamp.donehttpfootball.fantasysports.yahoo.com logIn6.UserAgent  Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 WOW64 AppleWebKit535.1 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome13.0.782.220 Safari535.1 logIn6.Accept  texthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8 logIn6.Headers.AddAcceptEncodinggzip,deflate,sdch logIn6.Headers.AddAcceptLanguageenUS,enq0.8 logIn6.Headers.AddAcceptCharsetISO88591,utf8q0.7,q0.3 logIn6.AllowAutoRedirect  false  HttpWebResponse logIn6Response  HttpWebResponselogIn6.GetResponse string responseFromLogIn6  logIn6Response.GetResponseHeaderLocation  cookies.AddlogIn6Response.Cookies  logIn6Response.Close codepre  pDoes anyone know what I have to do to make sure this header is sentp  pFiddler2 Raw From Chromep  precodeGET xxx HTTP1.1 Host accounts.google.com Connection keepalive Referer httpslogin.yahoo.comconfiglogin.srcsptamp.intlusamp.langenUSamp.donehttpfootball.fantasysports.yahoo.com UserAgent Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 WOW64 AppleWebKit535.1 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome13.0.782.220 Safari535.1 Accept texthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8 AcceptEncoding gzip,deflate,sdch AcceptLanguage enUS,enq0.8 AcceptCharset ISO88591,utf8q0.7,q0.3 Cookie xxx  HTTP1.1 302 Moved Temporarily SetCookie xxx SetCookie xxx Location xxx ContentType texthtml charsetUTF8 P3P CPThis is not a P3P policy See httpwww.google.comsupportaccountsbinanswer.pyhlenampanswer151657 for more info. Date Sat, 17 Sep 2011 222709 GMT Expires Sat, 17 Sep 2011 222709 GMT CacheControl private, maxage0 XContentTypeOptions nosniff XFrameOptions SAMEORIGIN XXSSProtection 1 modeblock ContentLength 2176 Server GSE codepre  pFiddler2 Raw From My Applicationp  precodeGET xxx HTTP1.1 Referer httpslogin.yahoo.comconfiglogin.srcsptamp.intlusamp.langenUSamp.donehttpfootball.fantasysports.yahoo.com UserAgent Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 WOW64 AppleWebKit535.1 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome13.0.782.220 Safari535.1 Accept texthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8 AcceptEncoding gzip,deflate,sdch AcceptLanguage enUS,enq0.8 AcceptCharset ISO88591,utf8q0.7,q0.3 Host accounts.google.com  HTTP1.1 302 Moved Temporarily Location xxx ContentType texthtml charsetUTF8 Date Sun, 18 Sep 2011 000540 GMT Expires Sun, 18 Sep 2011 000540 GMT CacheControl private, maxage0 XContentTypeOptions nosniff XFrameOptions SAMEORIGIN XXSSProtection 1 modeblock ContentLength 573 Server GSE codepre  pIm trying to get the second Fiddler2 raw information to look like the first Fiddler2 raw information.p
Negative 387 pHow do I make a webservice call from my phonegap app I found two javascript libraries one from IBM and another IvanWebService a hrefhttpwiki.phonegap.comwpage43725416SOAP20Web20Servicehttpwiki.phonegap.comwpage43725416SOAP20Web20Servicea that allow you to make such calls but i couldnt get them to run any of my webservices. I am passing in a wsdl link as the service link and i have updated the envelope parameters, still nothing.p
Negative 387 pI want to align the input and form elements to the right and have the label informatuion to the left, all while maintaining the label being vertically centered with each input it is aligned up to. I also need some space between each codeltligtcode tag per se.p  pYou can view what I am talking and asking about here... a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netCCxwF relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netCCxwFap
Negative 387 pI am trying to come up with a way to raise a public event that can be seen by more than one application. The first thing that comes to mind is SystemEvents.p  pIs there a way to define a new SystemEvent or even a public event that more than one application can see and listen for.p
Negative 387 pI would like to know how to perform multiple commands in a list comprehension.p  pCan you give me an exmple for something simple likep  precode[print bla1 and print bla2 for i in list] codepre  pso for a list of 4 length 4 I would havep  precodebla1 bla2 bla1 bla2 bla1 bla2 bla1 bla2 codepre  pstrangely enough I didnt easily find it in the documentation. If you can see an obvious reason why I didnt and can let me know how should I search for such stuff that would be even betterp  pThanksp  pEDIT OK, that was a very bad example according to comments. I emamem interested in creating a new from an old one but I feel that I need two commands to do that. not a simple print, of course. For example. I have a list of lists, and I want to create a list that is a result of manipulation of the sublists.p
Negative 387 pSo I have this Excel workbook which basically is supposed to be a data sheet for work clothes for each employee. What I want is to have one sheet for each person first name and last name, then one sheet for each clothing available. p  pThen one sheet to merge it all together. But, this would involve a repeat of each name as many times as there are unique cloth types. Hard to explain, but Ive got a workbook available for download here a hrefhttpwww.mediafire.comdxurbdjq340su6j relnofollowhttpwww.mediafire.comdxurbdjq340su6jap  pSheet2Users contains a simple list of each unique user. Sheet3Articles contains a list of each unique clothing article. And then finally we have the first SheetSummary which contains a merged list of it all. Based on this Summary sheet, Im gonna create a pivot table later. But first I need the functionality here to be dynamic. Whenever a new user or clothing is added or deleted, I only want to do this in Sheet2 or Sheet3. Whatever is in Sheet1 should collect the data dynamically.p  pAny idea Would I have to create a macro to do thisp  pEdit Ok, so Ive created a module with two public Dictionaries. Heres the code Ive got so farp  pThisWorkbookp  precodePrivate Sub WorkbookOpen      Create dictionaries     Set dictName  New Dictionary     Set dictClothItems  New Dictionary       Collect data     collectDictName     collectDictClothItems End Sub codepre  pModule1p  precodePublic dictName As Dictionary Public dictClothItems As Dictionary  Public Sub collectDictName Dim v As Variant Dim rngName As Range       Add values      With ThisWorkbook.Sheets2         Set rngName  .RangeA2, .RangeA amp Rows.Count.EndxlUp          For Each strName In rngName             dictName.Add strName,          Next     End With End Sub  Public Sub collectDictClothItems Dim v As Variant Dim rngName As Range       Add values      With ThisWorkbook.Sheets3         Set rngName  .RangeA2, .RangeA amp Rows.Count.EndxlUp          For Each strClothName In rngName             dictClothItems.Add strClothName,          Next     End With End Sub codepre  pSo, here I collect the data and store these in an array. I wasnt sure how to collect the data from the range, so I used codeFor Each strName In rngNamecode. Looks like it collects other data that I really dont need as well. Can probably fix that up by creating a string variable and assigning the value Im after to that. And then adding that string to the Dictionary. Anyways, now that the datas collected, I need to compare and add it to the actual Summary sheet now. Any idea on where to beginp
Negative 387 pIn my server code, I receive an codeXMLcode response. I need to modify that codeXMLcode response and send it to the client either in codeXMLcode or in codeJSONcode. I know it can be achieved by parsing the codeXMLcode and removing some tags and so on. But I need to do it without parsing. How can I use codeJAXBcode to achieve the result Any other solution without codeJAXBcode is also highly appreciated.p
Negative 387 pI have a bunch of enumerations that represent permissions for various parts of the application.p  precodepublic enum PermissionGroup1       CanDo11,     CanDo12,     CanDo13,   public enum PermissionGroup2       CanDo21,     CanDo22,     CanDo23,   public enum PermissionGroup3       CanDo31,     CanDo32,     CanDo33,  codepre  pFor a given user, I have a collection of all of the users permissions, and then to check permissions I have a method likep  precodepublic Boolean CheckXXXAccessint ModuleID, PermissionGroupX permission              bool hasAccess  false          if mPermissions.ContainsKeyModuleID                      hasAccess  false                  else                      hasAccess  permission  ModulePermissions[ModuleID].PermissionGroupX amp permission                   return hasAccess                  codepre  pSo to explain it further, the database contains a ModuleID there is a PermissionGroup enumeration for a given module type, and then I have a method like CheckXXXAccess for each module type.p  pstrongHow can I use generics to make a single method instead of repeating itstrongp
Negative 387 pI have a webpage, having drop down menus using Superfish. I have embedded a YouTube video on that page, using iframe. The problem is, YouTube video overlaps the menu. This issue is there on IE and Chrome. On Firefox, this works fine.p  pThe solution to this issue is to have codeltparam namewmode valuetransparent gtcode within the codeltobjectgtcode tag. But as this is an YouTube video, and we are using iframe to embed the YouTube video, we cant add codeltparam namewmode valuetransparent gtcode to the code.p  pThere is another solution and which works right now is, to embed the YouTube video using the old code.p  pI would like to know how to fix this issuep
Negative 387 pIm using VirtualBox to attach a usb device. This usb device only works under 32 bit. My host os is Windows 7 64 bit, my Guest Windows 7 32 bit.p  pI found code to write to the command prompt and read it back out, this has been tested and works very well. But now after I have read and want to write again the command prompt just freezes. I have no idea why it does that... I also tried the command without VB and the driver attach fine.p  pAny ideas how I can solve this problemp  precodePublic Class Form1     Private Results As String     Private test As Double     Private test2 As String      The Delegate is used to correct the threading issue Cant update control directly in VB.net 0810, and invokes the needed text update.     Private Delegate Sub delUpdate     Private Finished As New delUpdateAddressOf UpdateText      Private Sub UpdateText         resultsTextBox.Text  Results     End Sub      Private Sub Button1ClickByVal sender As System.Object, ByVal e As System.EventArgs Handles Button1.Click          Dim CMDThread As New Threading.ThreadAddressOf CMDAutomate         CMDThread.Start     End Sub      Private Sub CMDAutomate          Dim myprocess As New Process         Dim StartInfo As New System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfo          Starts the CMD Prompt         StartInfo.FileName  cmd.exe         StartInfo.RedirectStandardInput  True         StartInfo.RedirectStandardOutput  True          Required to redirect         StartInfo.UseShellExecute  False          Disables the creation of a CMD Prompt outside application.         StartInfo.CreateNoWindow  False           myprocess.StartInfo  StartInfo         myprocess.Start         Dim SR As System.IO.StreamReader  myprocess.StandardOutput         Dim SW As System.IO.StreamWriter  myprocess.StandardInput          Runs the command you entered...         SW.WriteLineTextBox1.Text         SW.WriteLinecd CProgram FilesOracleVirtualBox         SW.WriteLinevboxmanage list usbhost         Exits CMD Prompt          SW.WriteLineexit          Displayes the results...         Results  SR.ReadToEnd         Im reading the string out to get the right Device id         test  InStrResults, 0x0547, CompareMethod.Text         test  test  58         test2  MidResults, test, 36         test2 gives 80be0bc16f694886868fc8857bff34c1         this is the right id, if i try to input it myselves with         CProgram FilesOracleVirtualBoxgtvboxmanage controlvm test usbattach         80be0bc16f694886868fc8857bff34c1         it works...          SW.WriteLinevboxmanage controlvm   Chr34  test  Chr34  usbattach   test2         SW.WriteLineexit         Results  SR.ReadToEnd         SW.Close         SR.Close          Invokes Finished delegate, which updates textbox with the results text         InvokeFinished     End Sub  End Class codepre
Negative 387 pIm implimenting a user registrations form for a college..There I need to calculate the fees and show it to the user and the same time need to insert to a database..p  pI have used a list box for like thisp  precodeltselect namesubject idselect2gt valuefees for the subject ltoption value100gtArtsltoptiongt ltoption value150gtEnglishltoptiongt codepre  pp  pcalculation is OK with the values wich are givenI used javascript calculation for that Now I want to insert the subject to database ex p  precodeINSERT INTO username, email, subject VALUES POST[name],POST[email],POST[subject] codepre  pI want to add the subject which selected to be add to database subject field as English not the fees.p  pI hope you can understand what Im telling.Please Helpp  pThank Youp
Negative 387 pSo apparently Microsoft does not have a Months Enum on their Date structure.br What I am wondering is, is it possible to create an enum and attach it to the DateTime structure  Extension Methods come instantly to mind, but I dont know of a way to pull this off using them.p  precodeDim july As DateTime.Months  DateTime.Months.July  Public Enum Months     January  1     February  2     March  3     April  4     May  5     June  6     July  7     August  8     September  9     October  10     November  11     December  12 End Enum codepre  pAny one have any thoughts on thisp  pUpdate I am not trying to get the Month name of the current Month or of a given date.  I know how to do that.  I was just trying to create a class that had a Month property and wanted to use an Enum to represent the month.  Since this seems like an item that could have usefulness elsewhere, I hate to put the Enum into my class and would rather have it be located in the structure that it is directly related to so that it could be found easily. Thank you for all the responses.  I should have been more clear up front as to what I wanted to do.p
Negative 387 pneed help with sorting words by utf8. For example, we have 5 cities from Belgium.p  precodearray  arrayBorgloon,Thuin,Lennik,gheze,Aubel sortarray  Expected Aubel, Borgloon, gheze, Lennik, Thuin                Actual Aubel, Borgloon, Lennik, Thuin, gheze codepre  pCity strongghezestrong should be third. Is it possible to useset  some kind of utf8 or create my own character orderp
Negative 387 pMaybe silly question to the JS gurus and ninjas out there but here goesp  pMy understanding of the prototype objectproperty of an object is that it is a blueprint for future instances of an object. Given this, shouldnt a newly created instance of an object be identical to the constructor object that created itp  precodevar x  new Object  console.logx  Object.prototype  returns false. why  codepre  pstrong UPDATE strong p  pSo understanding that this will return false because they are referencing different things, I still find that new Object and codeObject.prototypecode contain a different number of properties. So to refine my question  How do I correctly check the number of properties in a prototype Object how do I iterate through themp  pThe reason I got confused by this is that if I create a simple constructor functionp  precodefunction Circle    this.tail  yes, has tail  codepre  pand want to get the number of properties it has, doing something likep  precodeconsole.logObject.getOwnPropertyNamesCircle.prototype   returns constructor, I expected it to return tail codepre
Negative 387 pI have this structure models p  precodeclass Tournament lt ActiveRecordBase   AGES  [5u, 6u, 7u, 8u]   hasmany  courts, dependent gt destroy   acceptsnestedattributesfor courts, rejectif gt lambda  a a[name].blank , allowdestroy gt true  class Court lt ActiveRecordBase   belongsto tournament, autosave gt true   hasmany  ages, dependent gt destroy   acceptsnestedattributesfor ages, rejectif gt lambda  a a[name].blank , allowdestroy gt true  class Age lt ActiveRecordBase   belongsto court codepre  pNow my forms look like this p  pform.html.erbp  precodelt semanticformfor tournament do f gt lt f.inputs do gt   lt f.input name, hint gt What is the name of the Tournament gt lt f.semanticfieldsfor courts do builder gt        lt render partial gt courtfields, locals gt  f gt builder  gt    lt end gt codepre  pcourtfields.html.erbp  precodeltdiv classnestedfieldsgt lt f.input name, inputhtml gt class gt name gt lt f.semanticfieldsfor ages do builder gt   lt render partial gt agefields, locals gt  f gt builder  gt lt end gt codepre  pagefields.html.erbp  precode Testing ...am I getting in here lt f.input name, as gt checkboxes, collection gt TournamentAGES, inputhtml gt class gt agelimits gt codepre  peverything seems to work well except nothing shows up in the agesfields partial...not the checkboxes and not even the dummy text codeTesting ...am I getting in herecode is not displaying....any ideas what could be causing the issue p
Negative 387 pI have the following HTML removed some of the form input tags to make the code minimal for readabilityp  precodelta hrefadd.htmlgtAddltagt lta hrefremove.htmlgtRemoveltagt  ltform actiongt     lta href onclickparentNode.submitreturn falsegtSubmitltagt ltformgt codepre  pIts basically three links, the last link is a link which mimics the functionality of a form submit button I wanted it as a link and appears the only crossbrowser way was with justing using a link with JavaScript  although I understand it would require JavaScript to be enabled.p  pThis is probably second nature to some but I cant seem to get the three links on the same line next to each other, it ends up displaying the the last link on the next line I believe its because the last link is wrapped in form tags.p  pIs there a way to solve this by perhaps wrapping them in a div with a CSS class of some sort just an ideap
Negative 387 pI want to write a app to monitor CPU utilizatione.g. every 5 second on iphone, but I cant find out any API to do it,  Do you know how to achieve it by objectivec on iphone, Thanks.p
Negative 387 pI am wondering if its possible to have someone click on a link in a browser on android, and it will make a camera pop up so you can capture a image then send it via mms p
Negative 387 pI was trying to make a small wave generator in OpenGL with C, using an evaluator.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAvJxE.png altenter image description herep  pHowever, I havent had much luck since my evaluator only gets partially lit.p  pWhy does this happenp  pBelow I include full source code for completeness sake, youll probably only have to look at codeinitcode, codedisplaycode and the constants at the top of the file.p  precodeinclude ltglglui.hgt include ltmath.hgt  const int DIMX  500 const int DIMY  500 const int INITIALPOSX  200 const int INITIALPOSY  200    Aspect ratio calculated on the fly float xyaspect   UI aux. matrices float viewrotate[16]   1,0,0,0,                           0,1,0,0,                           0,0,1,0,                           0,0,0,1   float objpos[]   0.0, 0.0, 0.0  float objpan[]   0.0, 0.0, 0.0    Referential axis double axisradiusbegin   0.2 double axisradiusend     0.0 double axislenght        16.0 int axisnslices  8 int axisnstacks  1   Light 0 properties float light0position[]   5.0, 5.0, 5.0, 0.0 float light0ambient[]    0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0 float light0diffuse[]    0.6, 0.6, 0.6, 1.0 float light0specular[]   1.0, 1.0, 1.0, 1.0 float light0kc  0.0 float light0kl  1.0 float light0kq  0.0 double light0x  5.0 double light0y  5.0 double light0z  5.0 double symblight0radius  0.2 int symblight0slices  8 int symblight0stacks 8   Ambient light source properties float lightambient[]  0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 1.0  Set the background ambient lighting.    Windowing related variables int mainwindow GLUquadric glQ GLUI  glui  const unsigned int gridSize  40  float grid[gridSize][gridSize][3]  const int uSize  gridSize const int vSize  gridSize  GLfloat ambient[]  0.2, 0.2, 0.2, 1.0 GLfloat position[]  0.0, 0.0, 2.0, 1.0 GLfloat matdiffuse[]  0.6, 0.6, 0.6, 1.0 GLfloat matspecular[]  1.0, 1.0, 1.0, 1.0 float matshininess[]  50.0   void displayvoid      static float value  0      glClearGLCOLORBUFFERBIT  GLDEPTHBUFFERBIT      glMatrixMode GLPROJECTION      glLoadIdentity     glFrustum xyaspect.04, xyaspect.04, .04, .04, .1, 50.0       glMatrixMode GLMODELVIEW      glLoadIdentity      glTranslatef objpos[0], objpos[1], objpos[2]25      glTranslatef objpan[0], objpan[1], objpan[2]       glRotated 20.0, 1.0,0.0,0.0      glRotated45.0, 0.0,1.0,0.0       glMultMatrixf viewrotate       glColorMaterialGLFRONTANDBACK, GLAMBIENTANDDIFFUSE     glEnableGLCOLORMATERIAL       glColor3f1.0,0.0,0.0     glPushMatrix     glRotated90.0, 0.0,1.0,0.0      gluCylinderglQ, axisradiusbegin, axisradiusend,                      axislenght, axisnslices, axisnstacks        glPopMatrix       glColor3f0.0,1.0,0.0     glPushMatrix     glRotated90.0, 1.0,0.0,0.0      gluCylinderglQ, axisradiusbegin, axisradiusend,                      axislenght, axisnslices, axisnstacks        glPopMatrix       glColor3f0.0,0.0,1.0     glPushMatrix      gluCylinderglQ, axisradiusbegin, axisradiusend,                      axislenght, axisnslices, axisnstacks     glPopMatrix       light0position[0]  light0x     light0position[1]  light0y     light0position[2]  light0z      glLightfvGLLIGHT0, GLPOSITION, light0position      glColor3f1.0,1.0,0.0     gluQuadricOrientation glQ, GLUINSIDE     glPushMatrix         glTranslatedlight0x,light0y,light0z         gluSphereglQ, symblight0radius, symblight0slices, symblight0stacks     glPopMatrix      gluQuadricOrientation glQ, GLUOUTSIDE      gluQuadricDrawStyleglQ, GLUFILL     gluQuadricNormalsglQ, GLUSMOOTH     gluQuadricOrientationglQ, GLUOUTSIDE     gluQuadricTextureglQ, GLFALSE      for unsigned int y  0 y lt vSize y          for unsigned int x  0 x lt uSize x              float xVal  53.14gridSizex             float yVal  53.14gridSizey             grid[y][x][0]  float xgridSize10.0             grid[y][x][1]  sinxVal  value  sinyVal  value             grid[y][x][2]  float ygridSize10.0                    glMap2fGLMAP2VERTEX3, 0, 1 , 3, uSize, 0, 1, uSize  3, vSize, ampgrid[0][0][0]     glEvalMesh2GLFILL, 0, gridSize, 0, gridSize      value  3.1425      if value gt 3.142         value  0      swapping the buffers causes the rendering above to be shown     glutSwapBuffers     glFlush     Mouse handling  void processMouseint button, int state, int x, int y      if button  GLUTLEFTBUTTON ampamp state  GLUTDOWN                   if button  GLUTRIGHTBUTTON ampamp state  GLUTDOWN                   glutPostRedisplay    void processMouseMovedint x, int y        pedido de refrescamento da janela     glutPostRedisplay                    void processPassiveMouseMovedint x, int y        pedido de refrescamento da janela     glutPostRedisplay                   void reshapeint w, int h      int tx, ty, tw, th      GLUIMaster.getviewportarea amptx, ampty, amptw, ampth      glViewport tx, ty, tw, th      xyaspect  floattw  floatth      glutPostRedisplay     void keyboardunsigned char key, int x, int y     switch key        case 27       tecla de escape termina o programa          exit0          break        void glutidle void     if  glutGetWindow  mainwindow       glutSetWindowmainwindow      glutPostRedisplay    void init      glQ  gluNewQuadric      glFrontFaceGLCCW         Front faces defined using a counterclockwise rotation     glDepthFuncGLLEQUAL      Por defeito e GLLESS     glEnableGLDEPTHTEST     Use a depth z buffer to draw only visible objects      glMaterialfvGLFRONT, GLDIFFUSE, matdiffuse     glMaterialfvGLFRONT, GLSPECULAR, matspecular     glMaterialfvGLFRONT, GLSHININESS, matshininess       Face Culling para aumentar a velocidade     glEnableGLCULLFACE     glCullFaceGLBACK         GLFRONT, GLBACK, GLFRONTANDBACK        Define que modelo de iluminacao utilizar consultar o manual de referencia     glLightModelfvGLLIGHTMODELAMBIENT, lightambient   define luz ambiente     glLightModelf GLLIGHTMODELTWOSIDE, GLFALSE     glLightModeli GLLIGHTMODELLOCALVIEWER, 1       por defeito a cor de fundo e o preto      glClearColor1.0,1.0,1.0,1.0     cor de fundo a branco        declaracoes para a fonte luz GLLIGHT0     glLightfvGLLIGHT0, GLAMBIENT, light0ambient     glLightfvGLLIGHT0, GLDIFFUSE, light0diffuse     glLightfvGLLIGHT0, GLSPECULAR, light0specular     glLightfGLLIGHT0, GLCONSTANTATTENUATION,  light0kc     glLightfGLLIGHT0, GLLINEARATTENUATION,    light0kl     glLightfGLLIGHT0, GLQUADRATICATTENUATION, light0kq       NOTA a direccao e a posicao de GLLIGHT0 estao na rotina display, pelo            que as isntrucoes seguntes nao sao necessarias     glLightfGLLIGHT0, GLSPOTCUTOFF, 90.0     glLightfvGLLIGHT0, GLSPOTDIRECTION, spotdirection     glLightfvGLLIGHT0, GLPOSITION, light0position       glEnableGLLIGHTING     glEnableGLLIGHT0      glEnableGLNORMALIZE       glEnableGLMAP2VERTEX3     glMapGrid2fgridSize, 0.0, 1.0, gridSize, 0.0, 1.0       glShadeModelGLSMOOTH     glPolygonModeGLFRONT, GLFILL     glPolygonModeGLFRONT, GLLINE   void donothingint key, int x, int y   int mainint argc, char argv[]      glutInitampargc, argv     glutInitDisplayModeGLUTDEPTH  GLUTDOUBLE  GLUTRGBA     glutInitWindowSize DIMX, DIMY     glutInitWindowPosition INITIALPOSX, INITIALPOSY     mainwindow  glutCreateWindow argv[0]      glutDisplayFuncdisplay     GLUIMaster.setglutReshapeFuncreshape     GLUIMaster.setglutKeyboardFunc keyboard     GLUIMaster.setglutMouseFuncprocessMouse           glutMotionFuncprocessMouseMoved     glutPassiveMotionFuncprocessPassiveMouseMoved     GLUIMaster.setglutSpecialFunc donothing         Create the bottom subwindow      glui  GLUIMaster.creategluisubwindow mainwindow, GLUISUBWINDOWBOTTOM      gluigtsetmaingfxwindow mainwindow       GLUIRotation viewrot  gluigtaddrotation Rotation, viewrotate      viewrotgtsetspin 1.0       gluigtaddcolumn false      GLUITranslation transz  gluigtaddtranslation Zoom, GLUITRANSLATIONZ, ampobjpos[2]      transzgtsetspeed .1       gluigtaddcolumnfalse     GLUITranslation transpan  gluigtaddtranslationPan, GLUITRANSLATIONXY, ampobjpan[0]     transpangtsetspeed.1      GLUIMaster.setglutIdleFunc glutidle       init      glutMainLoop      return 0  codepre
Negative 387 pwhen I run android project on emulator,the emulator starts but after some time console in my eclipse saysp  precodeemulator5554 disconnected Cancelling com.and.test.pahse1.Phase1AndEngineActivity      activity launch codepre  pWhat is this problem One more thing I want to mention is that when I run the project it asks to select the webcam and when I do something like cancel ok or apply then emulator runs.p
Negative 387 pI have a template which iterates through a map and displays the info as suchp  precode        list itemsreport.getCategoryMap.keySet, ascat            models.reporting.TransactionReportItem item  report.getCategoryMap.getcat                            cat               item.nbCredit               item.getCreditPercreport.nbCredit               item.nbDebit               item.getDebitPercreport.nbDebit               item.getTotalTransactions                     list codepre  pfor some reason the template always render the result of getCreditPerc and getDebitPerc as 0.0p  precode     public Double getCreditPerclong totalCredit         double perc  double nbCredit  totalCredit         Logger.infonbCredit s, total cr s, nbCredit, totalCredit         return new Doubleperc       codepre  pWhen calling the template I can see the output in the logp  pstrong20111121 135422  INFO  [TransactionReportItem85] getDebitPerc  nbDebit 39, total cr 4984strongp  pI tried using primitive type instead of double object with no success. When debugging the code I can see that all the values are correctly set.p  pCould it be something to do with the groovy template renderingp
Negative 387 pIm prepping for my first update 1.0.1 on the AppStore and will be changing the icon in the process. I deleted the old 57x57 and 114x114 icons, dropped new ones into Xcode 4s target summary, and did a clean buildrun. The new icons show up in Xcode, but not on the devices home screen.p  pI suspect if I delete the app and redo the above steps, this may work, but that leaves me to wonder if an AppStore distribution will update the icons for all users.p  pIs there something Im forgetting to do to update the icon for this next releasep
Negative 387 pI have an activity that creates a worker thread for transitioning a picture in a list of pictures. Yes, in onPauseonResume I start and stop the worker thread. Skipping to the meat of the worker, I have a loop that ends when it is interrupted and the main variable is set to null or another workerp  precode    public void run              whiletransitionWorkerThread  this                      try                              Log.dgetLogTag, Ready to sleep.                 Thread.sleep5000                 Log.dgetLogTag, ready to transition, is running   transitionWorkerThread  this                 iftransitionWorkerThread  this                                      Log.dgetLogTag, ready to post image change                     MAINTHREADHANDLER.postnew Runnable                                                              Override                                 public void run                                                                      Log.dgetLogTag, ready to go to next image                                     imageSlideView.goNextImage                                     Log.dgetLogTag, supposedly went to next image                                                                                   Log.dgetLogTag, posted image change, is running   transitionWorkerThread  this                                           catchfinal InterruptedException interruptedException                              Log.dgetLogTag, Worker interrupted.                          catchfinal Throwable throwable                              Log.dgetLogTag, some sort of picture error, throwable                               Log.dgetLogTag, dropped out of picture loop, worker   transitionWorkerThread   is us   transitionWorkerThread  this      codepre  pNow heres the mystery the thread disappears It just stops executing after a while Seriously Look at this log outputp  precode1122 131340.186 DPictureFrameActivity941 Ready to sleep. 1122 131340.191 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to go to next image 1122 131340.191 DPictureFrameActivity941 supposedly went to next image 1122 131345.253 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to transition, is running true 1122 131345.253 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to post image change 1122 131345.253 DPictureFrameActivity941 posted image change, is running true 1122 131345.253 DPictureFrameActivity941 Ready to sleep. 1122 131345.253 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to go to next image 1122 131345.253 DPictureFrameActivity941 supposedly went to next image 1122 131350.272 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to transition, is running true 1122 131350.272 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to post image change 1122 131350.272 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to go to next image 1122 131350.272 DPictureFrameActivity941 supposedly went to next image 1122 131350.301 DPictureFrameActivity941 posted image change, is running true 1122 131350.301 DPictureFrameActivity941 Ready to sleep. 1122 131355.325 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to transition, is running true 1122 131355.325 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to post image change 1122 131355.325 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to go to next image 1122 131355.325 DPictureFrameActivity941 supposedly went to next image 1122 131355.331 DPictureFrameActivity941 posted image change, is running true 1122 131355.331 DPictureFrameActivity941 Ready to sleep. 1122 131400.011 Edalvikvm76 No free temp registers 1122 131400.011 Edalvikvm76 Jit aborting trace compilation, reverting to interpreter 1122 131400.365 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to transition, is running true 1122 131400.365 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to post image change 1122 131400.365 DPictureFrameActivity941 ready to go to next image 1122 131400.365 DPictureFrameActivity941 supposedly went to next image 1122 131400.371 DPictureFrameActivity941 posted image change, is running true 1122 131406.042 Ddalvikvm941 GCCONCURRENT freed 2106K, 58 free 3260K7751K, external 13519K13938K, paused 15ms10ms 1122 131406.541 Idalvikvm941 Jit resizing JitTable from 1024 to 2048 1122 131411.111 Ddalvikvm941 GCCONCURRENT freed 2051K, 57 free 3342K7751K, external 13519K13938K, paused 19ms17ms 1122 131415.121 Ddalvikvm941 GCCONCURRENT freed 2174K, 59 free 3216K7815K, external 13519K13938K, paused 20ms20ms 1122 131419.271 Ddalvikvm941 GCCONCURRENT freed 2028K, 59 free 3235K7815K, external 13519K13938K, paused 24ms21ms codepre  pYoull notice after the last posted image change, is running true, the thread just goes away and is never heard from again Looking at the code, there are only a few choices I could see Worker interrupted or some sort of picture error or even dropped out of picture loop. If everything goes OK, it should loop back around and say Ready to sleep.p  pBut I dont see anything else from this thread It is as if it has been suspended at the end of a loop. Surely Android doesnt just pause a thread. This is a mystery.p  pemUpdateem Ive taken the whole worker thread out and put it in a separate local service being called by the activity. The worker thread still just disappears after a few loops. Thats crazya worker thread is a common use for services. Something fishy is going on... but Id still appreciate someone giving me a clue as to what it is.p
Negative 387 pI am running as root, but have the users uid e.g. code504code. How can I work out the users locale in my case codeenGBcode The following does not workp  precodesetuiduseruid fprintfstderr,         CFStringGetCStringPtrCFLocaleGetIdentifierCFLocaleCopyCurrent,                               kCFStringEncodingMacRoman setuid0 codepre  pThis outputs codeenUScode for me. p
Negative 387 pI have plans to upgrade my server.My major requirement is python django1.3 and postgres8.4 I am using Django 1.3 and python 2.6.5 currently.Since i want to upgrade the server I want to know whether django 1.3 supports python 2.7.2  I have read the specification that 11.04 comes with python 2.7.1 and 11.10 comes with 2.7.2.p  pI know that django 1.3 supports 2.4 to 2.7  Since i dont want to take any risk on server I want to know whether django 1.3 supports python 2.7.1 or 2.7.2 or both. Please specify how can i verify i have installed virtual env .I have multiple versions of django and python and they gave the error No module named django.core.management.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pI would like to link the taxonomy term image to the taxonomy term page, the option is available in the field of the taxonomy term name but not for the taxonomy term image in the view...p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pIm new in WP7, and I am trying to play sounds with a codeMediaElementcode when I press a button. Its works, but unfortunately I get Operation not permitted on IsolatedStorageFileStream Exception when I press the button repeatedly, before the sound begins. How can I avoid thatp  pThe Play methodp  precodepublic void Playstring filename      try              mediaElement.Stop         mediaElement.ClearValueMediaElement.SourceProperty          using var isf  IsolatedStorageFile.GetUserStoreForApplication                      using IsolatedStorageFileStream fileStream  isf.OpenFilesharedtransfers  filename, FileMode.Open                              mediaElement.SetSourcefileStream                 mediaElement.IsMuted  false                 mediaElement.Volume  1.0                                catch Exception e              MessageBox.Showe.Message       codepre  pEvent handlersp  precodevoid meMediaOpenedobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e      mediaElement.Play   void meMediaEndedobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e      mediaElement.ClearValueMediaElement.SourceProperty  codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to figure out how to append two more values to the serialize method in JQuery. I have the following code to submit a form with ajax and have two more variables that I would like to appendp  pThank youp  precode    ...     var formData  contactform.serialize     submitFormformData             AJAX FORM SUBMIT           function submitFormformData         .ajax                 type POST,             url contact.php,             data formData,             dataType json,             cache false,             timeout 7000,             success functiondata                   display success message                 responsedata.msg,show             ,             error functionXMLHttpRequest, textStatus, errorThrown                  ...             ,                           complete functionXMLHttpRequest, status                   ...                            codepre
Negative 387 pI have the following situation, what I want to know is how I go about creating the objects since I have no idea how many there will bep  precodejQuery.eachitemList, function      ltsomethinggt  new ItemObjectthis[1], this[2]  codepre  pCan strongemsomethingemstrong be an array If so, do I use .push or is there a better way of doing thisp
Negative 387 pI am writing some AJAX within an iPad app native app that sends an AJAX request to a Django dev server. For some weird reason, my Django dev server receives anywhere from 30  40 requests from the iPad. The same code does not exhibit this behavior when executed from a desktop browser. Code followsp  pJSp  precode.ajax     url http192.168.1.1208000test,     data name value  codepre  pDjangop  precodedef CommTestrequest     data  request.GET[name]     newData  TestDatadatadata     newData.save     response  HttpResponse     response[AccessControlAllowOrigin]       response[AccessControlAllowMethods]  POST, GET, OPTIONS     response[AccessControlMaxAge]  1000     response[AccessControlAllowHeaders]       return response codepre  pThe result is anywhere from 30  40 entries in my TestData object and really laggy response in the iPad app.p  pWeird, huhp
Negative 387 pI have a small image displayed in a LinearLayout with some margin on its right ans left. My problem is that the margin isnt clickable. How can I display a space on the right and left of my View, using this extra space to expand my clickable zone p  precodeltImageButton     androidididmarkReadButton     androidlayoutwidth22dp     androidlayoutheight22dp     androidlayoutmarginLeft15dp     androidlayoutmarginRight15dp     androidadjustViewBoundstrue     androidbackgroundandroiddrawablecheckboxonbackground     androidgravitycentervertical     androidonClickonMarkRead gt ltImageButtongt codepre
Negative 387 pwhat is the best way to prevent user double click or refresh page that would cause execute SQL insert statement twice, Ive tried to disable the button after click, but the result is not really good. I am expecting that it is possible to do it from codebehind. something more like SQL commit and rollbackp
Negative 387 pTrying to follow a hrefhttpthinkvitamin.comcoderubyonrailsinstallingrubyrailsandmysqlonosxlion relnofollowthisa tutorial, but my installation of mysql is failing.p  pAfter getting to the last linecodelaunchctl load w LibraryLaunchAgentscom.mysql.mysqld.plistcode, I get the following errorp  precodelaunchctl  CFURLWriteDataAndPropertiesToResource   vardblaunchd.dbcom.apple.launchd.peruser.501overrides.plist failed 10 codepre  pIt is worth noting that I originally had an error for the second to last linep  precodecp usrlocalCellarmysql5.5.15com.mysql.mysqld.plist LibraryLaunchAgents codepre  pbut I noticed I did not have a code5.5.15code folder, instead I had a code5.5.14code, which I used instead.p  pAlso, I am only following the mySql part of the tutorial, the rest I had already done.p  pIncase it is relevant, I have used MAMP on this machine, but have shut it down and restarted to no avail.p
Negative 387 pI am visualizing an incremental algorithm and at each step in the algorithm I want to update the GUI, pause for a couple of seconds, then continue on to the next step of the algorithm and repeat.p  pWhat is the prefered method of doing thisp
Negative 387 pI have a constructor that accepts an object of type codeMaterialcodep  precodeSomeClassSomeClass const Materialamp mat   codepre  pHowever, codeMaterialcode allows construction by a codeVectorcodep  precodeMaterialMaterial const Vectoramp v   codepre  pTherefore, codeSomeClasscode can allow construction by a codeVectorcodep  precodeSomeClass m vec    valid, since vec is constructed to a Material first,  then is passed to the SomeClassMaterial ctor codepre  pHowever, after shooting myself in the foot more than once with ctors emof this typeem in different classes in the same project I want to emdisallowem construction of codeSomeClasscode by codeVectorcode objects directly, instead always requiring a codeMaterialcode to be passed instead.p  pIs there a way to do this  Somehow think it has to do with the codeexplicitcode keyword.p
Negative 387 pI am getting this kind of error see below. I am suspecting some plugins are missing perhaps transitive dependencies but I am not sure. Whats more what does this strong.sourcestrong suffix mean p  pCan someone help me pleasep  pRegards,p  pJulien.p  precode    ENTRY org.eclipse.osgi 2 0 20111215 172411.556 MESSAGE One or more bundles are not resolved because the following root constraints are not resolved SUBENTRY 1 org.eclipse.osgi 2 0 20111215 172411.557 MESSAGE Bundle initialreferencefile....jeanbaptistemartin.comjavadesktopjbmgestionnaire was not resolved. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.557 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.jface.text.source3.7.1. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.557 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ecf.filetransfer.source5.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.557 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.reconciler.dropins.source1.1.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.557 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.integration.security.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.557 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.views.properties.tabbed.source3.5.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.557 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.update.core.linux.source3.2.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.558 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.source1.2.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.558 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.558 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.director.source2.1.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.558 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.integration.httpinvoker.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.558 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.webflow.ui.graph.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.558 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.views.source3.6.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.558 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.beans.ui.autowire.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.558 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.jarprocessor.source1.0.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.559 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.core.source2.1.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.662 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.director.app.source1.0.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.662 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.director.source2.1.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.663 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.directorywatcher.source1.0.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.663 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.engine.source2.1.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.663 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.extensionlocation.source1.2.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.664 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.garbagecollector.source1.0.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.664 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.jarprocessor.source1.0.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.665 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.metadata.repository.source1.2.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.665 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.metadata.source2.1.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.665 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.operations.source2.1.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.666 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.eclipse.source1.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.666 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.source1.2.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.667 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.ql.source2.0.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.667 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.reconciler.dropins.source1.1.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.667 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository.source2.1.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.668 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository.tools.source2.0.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.668 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.touchpoint.eclipse.source2.1.1. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.669 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.touchpoint.natives.source1.0.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.669 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.transport.ecf.source1.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.669 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.ui.importexport.source1.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.669 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.ui.sdk.scheduler.source1.0.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.669 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.ui.sdk.source1.0.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.669 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.ui.source2.1.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.669 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.updatechecker.source1.1.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.670 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.p2.updatesite.source1.0.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.670 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.preferences.source3.4.1. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.670 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.registry.source3.5.101. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.670 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.security.source1.1.1. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.670 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.security.ui.source1.1.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.670 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.simpleconfigurator.manipulator.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.670 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.simpleconfigurator.source1.0.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.671 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.equinox.util.source1.0.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.671 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.help.appserver.source3.1.400. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.671 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.help.source3.5.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.671 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.jface.databinding.source1.5.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.671 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.jface.source3.7.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.671 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.jface.text.source3.7.1. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.671 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.jsch.core.source1.1.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.671 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.jsch.ui.source1.1.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.671 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ltk.core.refactoring.source3.5.201. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.672 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ltk.ui.refactoring.source3.6.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.672 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.osgi.services.source3.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.672 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.osgi.source3.7.1. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.672 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.osgi.util.source3.2.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.672 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.platform.source3.7.1. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.672 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.rcp.source3.7.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.672 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.search.source3.7.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.672 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.swt.gtk.linux.x86.source3.7.1. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.673 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.team.core.source3.6.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.673 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.team.ui.source3.6.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.673 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.text.source3.5.101. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.673 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.browser.source3.3.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.673 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.cheatsheets.source3.4.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.673 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.console.source3.5.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.673 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.editors.source3.7.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.674 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.externaltools.source3.2.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.674 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.forms.source3.5.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.674 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.ide.application.source1.0.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.674 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.ide.source3.7.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.674 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.intro.source3.4.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.674 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.intro.universal.source3.2.500. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.674 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.navigator.resources.source3.4.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.674 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.navigator.source3.5.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.674 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.net.source1.2.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.675 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.presentations.r21.source3.2.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.675 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.source3.7.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.675 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.views.properties.tabbed.source3.5.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.675 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.views.source3.6.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.675 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.workbench.compatibility.source3.2.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.675 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.workbench.source3.7.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.675 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.ui.workbench.texteditor.source3.7.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.675 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.update.configurator.source3.3.100. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.676 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.update.core.linux.source3.2.200. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.676 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.update.core.source3.2.500. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.676 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.update.scheduler.source3.2.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.676 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.eclipse.update.ui.source3.2.300. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.676 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.aop.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.676 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.asm.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.676 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.batch.core.source2.0.2. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.676 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.beans.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.677 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.binding.source2.0.7. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.677 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.context.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.677 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.context.support.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.677 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.core.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.677 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.expression.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.677 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.faces.source2.0.7. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.677 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.ajdt.ui.visualiser.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.677 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.ajdt.ui.xref.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.678 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.aop.core.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.678 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.aop.mylyn.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.678 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.aop.ui.matcher.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.678 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.aop.ui.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.678 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.batch.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.678 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.beans.core.autowire.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.678 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.beans.core.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.678 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.beans.mylyn.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.678 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.beans.ui.autowire.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.679 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.beans.ui.editor.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.679 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.beans.ui.graph.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.679 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.beans.ui.refactoring.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.679 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.beans.ui.search.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.679 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.beans.ui.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.679 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.core.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.679 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.integration.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.679 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.mylyn.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.680 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.osgi.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.680 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.security.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.680 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.680 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.ui.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.680 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.webflow.core.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.680 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.webflow.mylyn.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.680 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ide.eclipse.webflow.ui.editor.source2.3.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.681 MESSAGE Missing required bundle  MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.integration.osgi.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.682 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.integration.rmi.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.682 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.integration.security.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.682 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.integration.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.682 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.integration.stream.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.683 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.integration.udp.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.683 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.integration.ws.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.683 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.integration.xml.source2.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.683 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.jdbc.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.683 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.jms.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.683 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.js.source2.0.7. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.683 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.orm.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.683 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.oxm.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.683 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.security.annotation.source2.0.5. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.684 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.security.core.source2.0.5. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.684 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.transaction.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.684 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.web.servlet.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.684 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.web.source3.0.0. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.684 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.webflow.source2.0.7. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.684 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.ws.source1.5.8. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.684 MESSAGE Missing required bundle org.springframework.xml.source1.5.8. SUBENTRY 2 jbmgestionnaire 2 0 20111215 172411.684 MESSAGE Missing required bundle com.jeanbaptistemartin.jbmdomain2.0.0. SUBENTRY 1 org.eclipse.osgi 2 0 20111215 172411.685 MESSAGE Bundle com.jeanbaptistemartin.jbmdomain2.0.0 [9] was not resolved. SUBENTRY 2 com.jeanbaptistemartin.jbmdomain 2 0 20111215 172411.685 MESSAGE Missing imported package org.hibernate.annotations0.0.0. SUBENTRY 1 org.eclipse.osgi 2 0 20111215 172411.685 MESSAGE Bundle org.springframework.instrument.tomcat3.0.6.RELEASE [424] was not resolved. SUBENTRY 2 org.springframework.instrument.tomcat 2 0 20111215 172411.685 MESSAGE Missing imported package org.apache.catalina.loader[6.0.16,7.0.0.  ENTRY org.eclipse.osgi 4 0 20111215 172411.686 MESSAGE Application error STACK 1 java.lang.RuntimeException Application jbmgestionnaire could not be found in the registry. The applications available are org.eclipse.ant.core.antRunner, org.eclipse.ant.ui.antRunner, org.eclipse.equinox.app.error, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.director, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.garbagecollector.application, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.InstallPublisher, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.EclipseGenerator, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.ProductPublisher, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.FeaturesAndBundlesPublisher, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.reconciler.application, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository.repo2runnable, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository.metadataverifier, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.artifact.repository.mirrorApplication, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.metadata.repository.mirrorApplication, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.updatesite.UpdateSitePublisher, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.UpdateSitePublisher, org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.CategoryPublisher, org.eclipse.help.base.infocenterApplication, org.eclipse.help.base.helpApplication, org.eclipse.help.base.indexTool, org.eclipse.jdt.apt.core.aptBuild, org.eclipse.jdt.core.JavaCodeFormatter, org.eclipse.pde.build.Build, org.eclipse.pde.junit.runtime.uitestapplication, org.eclipse.pde.junit.runtime.legacytestapplication, org.eclipse.pde.junit.runtime.coretestapplication, org.eclipse.pde.junit.runtime.coretestapplicationnonmain, org.eclipse.pde.junit.runtime.nonuithreadtestapplication, org.eclipse.ui.ide.workbench, org.eclipse.update.core.standaloneUpdate, org.eclipse.update.core.siteOptimizer.     at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.EclipseAppContainer.startDefaultAppEclipseAppContainer.java248     at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.app.MainApplicationLauncher.runMainApplicationLauncher.java29     at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.runApplicationEclipseAppLauncher.java110     at org.eclipse.core.runtime.internal.adaptor.EclipseAppLauncher.startEclipseAppLauncher.java79     at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.runEclipseStarter.java344     at org.eclipse.core.runtime.adaptor.EclipseStarter.runEclipseStarter.java179     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java616     at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.invokeFrameworkMain.java622     at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.basicRunMain.java577     at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.runMain.java1410     at org.eclipse.equinox.launcher.Main.mainMain.java1386 An error has occurred. See the log file homejulienDocumentsjeanbaptistemartin.comjavadesktop.metadata.pluginsorg.eclipse.pde.corejbmgestionnaire.product1323966248656.log. codepre
Negative 387 pI have a control containing a PathListBox from Blend SDK see XAML below. The items inside are of identical width and various height. Currently, the midpoint of the items follow the arcs path see the picture i.e. strongthey are clearly vertically arranged center.  However, I would like the items top vertically alignedstrong, so their top follows the arcs path. How can I do thatp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comnkvEy.jpg altenter image description herep  precodeltGrid xNameLayoutRootgt     ltecPathListBox Margin160,290,30,250gt         ltecPathListBox.LayoutPathsgt             ltecLayoutPath SourceElementBinding ElementNamearc                  Padding25  FillBehaviorNoOverlap                  DistributionEven  Span0.5gt         ltecPathListBox.LayoutPathsgt         ltRectangle FillFFF4F4F5 Height103 Width100gt         ltRectangle FillFFF4F4F5 Height120 Width100gt         ltRectangle FillFFF4F4F5 Height140 Width100gt         ltRectangle FillFFF4F4F5 Height265 Width100gt         ltRectangle FillFFF4F4F5 Height100 Width100gt         ltRectangle FillFFF4F4F5 Height265 Width100gt     ltecPathListBoxgt     ltedArc xNamearc          ArcThickness10  ArcThicknessUnitPixel  Margin160,290,30,250          StretchNone  StrokeTransparent  StartAngle7          RenderTransformOrigin0.5,0.5  StrokeThickness3          Opacity0.155 FillLightGraygt         ltedArc.RenderTransformgt             ltTransformGroupgt                 ltScaleTransform ScaleY1 ScaleX1gt                 ltSkewTransform AngleY17 AngleX16gt                 ltRotateTransform Angle0gt                 ltTranslateTransformgt             ltTransformGroupgt         ltedArc.RenderTransformgt     ltedArcgt ltGridgt codepre
Negative 387 pI want to acces my codePlayercode object in my codeDataGridViewcode. This is how Im binging my Players list to codeDataGridViewcodep  precodePlayerList  new ListltPlayergtplayers Populate Player list heere ...           DataTable dt  Tools.ToDataTableltPlayergtPlayerList Grid.DataSource  dt codepre  pAnd now I want to access my codePlayercode object in selected row in Double click eventp  precodeprivate void GridCellDoubleClickobject sender, DataGridViewCellEventArgs e      if Grid.SelectedCells  null              return          int row  Grid.SelectedCells[0].RowIndex      Here I get that exception from the title     PlayerGrid.Rows[row].DataBoundItem.KillPlayer      codepre
Negative 387 pI believe Array and ArrayList both are nonSynchronisedbehave same in multiThreaded env.  And both are Index based. Only Adavantage is ArrayList has utility methods and flexible. BR  Apart from those Utility methods only to get and set fixed no of Objects which is best in java Is there any overhead in using Arraylist than Array Pls explain.p  pLet us consider Scenario like p  p1 1,00,000 Objects to be stored. 2 1,00,000 primitives to be stored p
Negative 387 pCan someone explain me how to make a REST call using jQueryJavascript I tried using the code.getJSONcode and code.ajaxcode, but neither helped me.p  pThis is the REST URL  p  blockquote   pa hrefhttpws1.airnowgateway.orgGatewayWebServiceRESTGateway.svcforecastbyzipcodezipcode94954ampdate20100115ampformatjsonampkeyAPIKEY relnofollowhttpws1.airnowgateway.orgGatewayWebServiceRESTGateway.svcforecastbyzipcodezipcode94954ampdate20100115ampformatjsonampkeyAPIKEYap blockquote  pCodep  precode.getJSONhttpws1.airnowgateway.orgGatewayWebServiceRESTGateway.svcforecastbyzipcodezipcodezipampformatjsonampkeyltKEY HEREgt,      functiondata               alertdata.AQI         .ajax     url httpws1.airnowgateway.orgGatewayWebServiceRESTGateway.svcforecastbyzipcode,     type GET,     data zipcodezipampformatjsonampkeyltKEY HEREgt,     success function  alertget completed   codepre
Negative 387 pIts frustrated with MySQLs pattern escaping used in LIKE operator.p  precoderootdevgt create table fooname varchar255 Query OK, 0 rows affected 0.02 sec  rootdevgt insert into foo valueswithslash Query OK, 1 row affected 0.00 sec  rootdevgt insert into foo valuesslash Query OK, 1 row affected 0.00 sec  rootdevgt select  from foo where name like  Empty set 0.01 sec  rootdevgt select  from foo   name          withslash    slash        2 rows in set 0.00 sec  rootdevgt select  from foo where name like  Empty set 0.00 sec  rootdevgt select  from foo where name like binary    name          withslash    slash        2 rows in set 0.00 sec codepre  pAccording to MySQL docs a hrefhttpdev.mysql.comdocrefman5.5enstringcomparisonfunctions.htmloperatorlike relnofollowhttpdev.mysql.comdocrefman5.5enstringcomparisonfunctions.htmloperatorlikea codecode is the right operand, but why it yields no resultp  pEDIT  The database Im testing that in has charactersetdatabase set to utf8. To further my investigation, I created the same setup in a database that has charactersetdatabase set to latin1, and guess what, codecode worksp  pEDIT The problem can be reproduced and its the field collation problem. Details a hrefhttpbugs.mysql.combug.phpid63829 relnofollowhttpbugs.mysql.combug.phpid63829ap
Negative 387 pI have a Java function which can take variable number of parameters and in JNI I am receiving all the parameters in jobjectArray. But the problem is all the parameters available in String type,but originally thy are of different datatype. So in cc converting them to their original type is not possible. So if i could call some other java method which will make these conversions easy for me.is it possible in to call a java method from native code in JNIp  pPlease help me out. I am really struck at it from a long time. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pI have some links which I have styled using some a hrefhttptwitter.github.combootstrap relnofollowTwitter Bootstrapa CSS. The problem is that the links dont follow to the url specified in the codehrefcode attribute. Please see a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netY87at2 relnofollowthis fiddlea.p
Negative 387 pI have create a lookless control to be used in a Silverlight 4 project. This control contains a button and I would like to capture the click event. The Generic.xaml contains p  precodeltStyle TargetTypeTUMyControlgt     ltSetter PropertyTemplategt         ltSetter.Valuegt             ltControlTemplate TargetTypeTUMyControl gt                 ltBorder BackgroundTemplateBinding Background                         BorderBrushTemplateBinding BorderBrush                         BorderThicknessTemplateBinding BorderThickness dDesignWidth550 dDesignHeight228gt                     ltGrid BackgroundSilvergt                         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                             ltColumnDefinition Width150gt                             ltColumnDefinition Width60gt                             ltColumnDefinition Width150gt                         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                         ltBorder Grid.Column0 Margin2 BorderBrushDarkGray BorderThickness3gtltBordergt                         ltBorder Grid.Column2 Margin2 BorderBrushDarkGray BorderThickness3gtltBordergt                         ltStackPanel Grid.Column1gt                             ltButton NamePARTMyClick  Height32 Width32 Margin0,8,0,0gtltButtongt                         ltStackPanelgt                     ltGridgt                 ltBordergt             ltControlTemplategt         ltSetter.Valuegt     ltSettergt ltStylegt codepre  pAfter researching the problem I beleive that I have to add the following attribute to my control classp  precode[TemplatePartName  PARTMyClick, Type  typeofButton] codepre  pThen in my controls constructor I have added the following codep  precodevar myClick  GetTemplateChildPARTMyClick as Button ifmyClick  null      myClick.Click  o, e gt DoThings  codepre  pwhen run though the myClick variable is always null so the event handler never gets attached. Could you please tell me where I am going wrong Im a newbie so if this is the wrong approach completly then any advise on the correct approach would also be greatfully receivedp
Negative 387 pI have a Web Application and want to movemake it as a IIS websitep  pstrong1. Not Copying the DLLstrongp  pWhen I copy every part of the code except the emWeb Applications built DLL fileem I come up with an error  could not load type ...p  pstrong2. Copying the DLLstrongp  pcloning that DLL also shouldnt be practical.p  pIf we copy the DLL so the site will work as expectedp  pbut after any changes to codebehind other problems will occurp  p...  does not contain a definition for btnABCClick ....p  pWhat should be our decision or strategy in this casep  p I want to make an IISVersion of the project because of fixing some addressingPaths issuesp  pthanks in advancep
Negative 387 pI am using googles CDN and also trying to load my own AMD modules using their loader. I know Im doing something wrong but Im stuck. Any ideasp  precode    ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsdojo1.7.0dojodojo.js              typetextjavascript datadojoconfigasynctrue,parseOnLoadtruegtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         require[dojobasekernel, dojobaseloader, dojoparser], functiondojo             dojo.registerModulePathpgGallery, http127.0.0.18080js                  require[pgGalleryMessage], functionm             m.successfoo              ltscriptgt codepre  pa hrefhttp127.0.0.18080jsMessage.jshttp127.0.0.18080jsMessage.jsa is the location of the module.p
Negative 387 pIs this stored procedure considered Dynamic SQL or a Parameterised queryp  precodeCREATE PROCEDURE [dbo].[mydodgysp]     varchar1 varchar50,     varchar2 varchar50 AS BEGIN     ...      EXEC [dbo].[myreallyspecialsp] varchar1 varchar2 END codepre  pExtra chocolate donuts with cherries on top if you can tell me whether this is Dynamic  Parameterisedp  precodeCREATE PROCEDURE [dbo].[mysuperdodgysp]     varchar1 varchar50,     varchar2 varchar50,     storedprocedurename sysname AS BEGIN     ...      EXEC storedprocedurename varchar1 varchar2 END codepre
Negative 387 pSo, I have a bash script that should pipe the output of ifconfig to a text file on the hour, every hour.  As many people seem to have encountered, this script does not function properly when used by cron.  However, most of the fixes for this that I have seen do not seem to be applicable in my case.  I have all paths explicitly stated, the script has execute permissions, and there is a newline at the end of the cron file.p  pcreatively enough, my scrip, ip.sh, containsp  precodeifconfig gt homedrakeDropboxmaintenancescriptsip.txt codepre  pthe cron entry isp  precode0       homedrakeDropboxmaintenancescriptsip.sh codepre  pi have it running every minute for debuggingp  pThe BIG issue here is, when it runs, and it does run, is that it clears ip.txt of any contents it might have.  Also, I have another script which does the same exact thing with uptime, and it works wo any issues, which just has be confused.  I have also tried , which seemed to yield identical resultsp  pSo, Does anyone have any ideas why one script might function as expected, and another would just derpout like thisp  pThis is running on my Ubuntu server.  I am using Dropbox to sync the textfilesp
Negative 387 pI am writing a VBScript that automatically interacts with some web pages. I am having trouble at the final step where the script needs to click on a link to make a booking. The link for each time will only be available if that time is free. The idea of my code is to simply select the first time available I originally though I could do this by using Mid and GetElementId as I know the first 7 chars of each link ID but couldnt get this working. The array contains the IDs for all possible times available in a day. Some will already have been taken so that ID will no longer exist on the form.p  pI have 2 problemsp  p1 Neither getElementBy Id or the Document.All.Item.Click commands will accept an element from the array  I get an Object Required run time error.p  p2 If getElementId doesnt find a matching ID it simply throws an Object required error. I wasnt expecting this, I thought that my elem variable would be nothing or null and that I could test for this. p  pCan anyone give me any pointersp  precodeThis is a shortened version of my array there are lots more times Times0bookBtn0810 Times1bookBtn0818 Times2bookBtn0826  Dim TimeAvail Dim i Dim elem  TimeAvail  No i  0  Do While TimeAvail  No or ilt3   Set elem  IE.Document.GetElementByIdChr34 amp Timesi amp Chr34 Chr34 is to add    if elem is nothing then       TimeAvail  No       ii1   else        TimeAvail  Yes       IE.Document.All.ItemChr34 amp Timesi amp Chr34.click   end if Loop codepre
Negative 387 pI am sending nsurlconection request with synchronous method as below. its working fine with simulator but not working on devices.p  phere is my code p  precode FOR POST     NSString postData[NSString stringWithFormatmessage,                          [[dicGlobal valueForKeygiftMessage] stringByURLEncode]]      NSData myRequestData  [ NSData dataWithBytes [ postData UTF8String ] length [ postData length]]      NSLog,myRequestData      NSURL url[NSURL URLWithStringstrUrl]     NSMutableURLRequest request[[NSMutableURLRequest alloc] initWithURLurl]     [ request setHTTPMethod POST ]     [ request setValueapplicationxwwwformurlencoded forHTTPHeaderFieldcontenttype]     [ request setHTTPBody myRequestData ]     NSURLResponse response     NSError error     NSData returnData  [NSURLConnection sendSynchronousRequest request returningResponseampresponse erroramperror]     if returnData          NSString content  [NSString stringWithUTF8String[returnData bytes]]         NSLog,content         TBXML tbxml[TBXML tbxmlWithXMLStringcontent] codepre  pPlease check my code and help me out where is the issue.p  pThanks amp Regards  Shivamp
Negative 387 pI am creating a page in which I need to show a drop down List. From this drop down List a user can select multiple values. I know I could use a check box list likep  precodeltaspCheckBoxList IDCheckBoxList1 runatserver stylemarginright 158pxgt     ltaspListItemgtValue 1ltaspListItemgt     ltaspListItemgtValue 2ltaspListItemgt     ltaspListItemgtValue 3ltaspListItemgt     ltaspListItemgtValue 4ltaspListItemgt ltaspCheckBoxListgt codepre  pbut if there are more than 50 or so values then that will consume a lot of space on the page and will look odd. So kindly tell me how can I select multiple values from drop down list or if there any alternatives so that I can select multiple values and show many records on a minimum space but not a gridp
Negative 387 pI am having a hard time trying to figure out how to properly select a class inside the menu. p  pIt worked fine until I put the menu in a ul. Can anyone tell me what is going on and how to fix itp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netnategines7XrUk relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netnategines7XrUka p
Negative 387 pI am having an NSMutableDictionary with, being filled dynamically. It looks like thisp  precode     SomeKey  6     AnotherKey  2     JustAnotherKey  28  codepre  pI need to sort this, so it will be like this onep  precode     JustAnotherKey  28     SomeKey  6     AnotherKey  2  codepre  pIs there any way to achieve this Thanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pIve got the following class structurep  precodeclass Common  members and data here.   class Derived1  public Common     class Derived2 public Common, public Derived1   codepre  pAs I understand this hierarchy both codeDerived1code and codeDerived2code will share any members from codeCommoncode. Is there a way with out making codeDerived1code private in codeDerived2code to allow codeDerived2code to still inherit from codeCommoncode but have separate function overrides. Basically i need to override a virtual function in codeDerived1code, and codeDerived2code but still have codeDerived1codes function run its a threading api. Any help apreciated.p
Negative 387 pwhether there is an example of such an implementation howto loadsave context of msxml tofrom edit or text controlp  precodelthtmlgtltheadgt ltscript languageJavaScriptgt function loadxml    var fileName  document.getElementByIdfileName    var xmlData  new ActiveXObjectMsxml2.DOMDocument   xmlData.loadfileName.value    var editor  document.getElementByIdeditor   editor.value  xmlData  got [object]  function testxml    var editor  document.getElementByIdeditor    editor.value load by msxml  ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltinput typefile idfileNamegt ltinput typebutton valueLoad onclickloadxmlgt ltinput typebutton valueTest onclicktestxmlgtltbrgt lttextarea ideditor rows25 cols50gtno datalttextareagt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 387 pVery basic and maybe I missed it, but instead of doing something like codesignupcode for my routes, how can I do codesignupcode This is assuming I have these route like thisp  precodeget signup gt deviseregistrationsnew codepre  pIt doesnt work for me if I change it to codeget signupcode.p
Negative 387 pOK, Im confused.  In a Rails 3.1 project, Im getting a segmentation fault in the Ruby NETSMTP library see this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9030088rails3deviseactionmailerrubysmtpcausingasegmentationfaultquestiona and the message indicates it is happening in the ruby 1.9.1 version of the NETSMTP library.  However, a while back I changed versions of Ruby to 1.9.3.  To verify my Ruby version, when I go to my project and start the Rails console, I get thisp  precode  irbmain0010gt RUBYVERSION    gt 1.9.3 codepre  pAnd when I look at the ruby version from the project directory I get thisp  precode  storyproject    ruby version    ruby 1.9.3p0 20111030 revision 33570 [x8664darwin11.2.0] codepre  pThe 1.9.1 implication shows up by looking at the full path on the segmentation faultp  precode  Usersdon.rvmrubiesruby1.9.3p0libruby1.9.1netsmtp.rb583 [BUG] Segmentation fault codepre  pWhat is the deal here  Why is Ruby 1.9.3 running code from 1.9.1  Is it common for a version of Ruby to be installed with whole libraries from an older version of Ruby  Or is it possible that RVM messed this up some how Not sure if it matters but Im running on MacOS 10.7.2.p
Negative 387 pI am researching how to implement a persistent remember me type cookie for a site. I was just wondering is using a GUID for a security token as secure an an md5 hash of username and passwordp
Negative 387 pI have a UIImageView that Ive added a PinchGestureRecognizer to. Currently, the image is resized nicely when pinching, but I want to be able to resize the image without maintaining the aspect ratio. So if the user pinches horizontally, the image views width would enlarge if they pinch vertically, the height would enlarge and so forth.p  pCan anyone give me a hint on how I could do that pleasep
Negative 387 pI am having a few struggles on how to wire up my interconnected comboboxes when using MVVM. I have a DTO that represents an Order which contains a codeCustomerIdcode and an codeOrderTypeIdcode. Thesere are then wrapped inside an codeOrderViewModelcode. I also have an codeEditOrderViewModelcode which loads from a db a list of Customers. brp  pWhat I would like to do is Load an Order from the DB similar to the Load function choose the right item in the ComboBox the items source of which is a List, display the name of the selected customer in a text block to the right of the combobox and finally load the list of OrderTypes that belong to that Customer in the next combobox and again select the correct OrderType and display the OrderTypeName in a TextBlock to the right.p  pI have managed to get some of the behaviour to work when I use SelectedItem from the combobox but this is only when I select the item manually as I am not sure how in my viewmodel I can convert Order.CustomerId type int into the correct SelectedItem type CustomerDTO. Below is some code which shows generally what I am trying to achieve whilst using inmemory datasources. Thanks Alexp  precode        ltComboBox Height25 Width150  ItemsSourceBinding PathCustomers SelectedValueBinding PathOrder.CustomerId SelectedValuePathIdgt             ltComboBox.ItemTemplategt                 ltDataTemplategt                         ltTextBlock TextBinding PathCodegtltTextBlockgt                          ltTextBlock TextBinding PathNamegtltTextBlockgt                 ltDataTemplategt             ltComboBox.ItemTemplategt         ltComboBoxgt         ltTextBlock TextBinding PathName,ModeOneWay,NotifyOnSourceUpdatedTruegtltTextBlockgt  public class EditOrderViewModel  VMBase              public OrderViewModel Ordergetset          public void Load                      Order  new OrderViewModelnew OrderDtoCustomerId1,OrderTypeId2             Order.PropertyChanged  MainWindowViewModelPropertyChanged                   public EditOrderViewModel                      Order  new OrderViewModelnew OrderDto             Order.PropertyChanged  OrderViewModelPropertyChanged              Customers  new ListltCustomerDtogt                new CustomerDto Id  1, Code  ACME, Name  ACME CORP ,              new CustomerDto Id  2, Code  MSFT, NameMICROSOFT CORP ,              new CustomerDto Id  3, Code  APP, Name  APPLE               OrderTypes  new ListltOrderTypeDtogt                 new OrderTypeDtoOrderTypeId1, CustomerId 1, Name  Cake Order,                 new OrderTypeDtoOrderTypeId2, CustomerId 1, Name  Sandwich                 Order,                 new OrderTypeDtoOrderTypeId3, CustomerId 2, Name  Chocolate Order,                 new OrderTypeDtoOrderTypeId4, CustomerId 2, Name  Bread Order,                 new OrderTypeDtoOrderTypeId5, CustomerId 3, Name  Drinks Order                   void OrderViewModelPropertyChangedobject sender, PropertyChangedEventArgs e                      switch e.PropertyName                              case OrderTypeId                     break                 case SelectedCustomer                     break                 default                     break                                public ListltOrderTypeDtogt OrderTypes  get set          public ListltCustomerDtogt Customers  get set            public class OrderDto              public int CustomerId  get set          public int OrderTypeId  get set            public class CustomerDto              public int Id  get set          public string Name  get set          public string Code  get set            public class OrderViewModel  VMBase              private OrderDto orderDto         private string customerName          public OrderViewModelOrderDto orderDto                      orderDto  orderDto                   public int CustomerId              get  return orderDto.CustomerId              set                              orderDto.CustomerId  value                 RaisePropertyChangedCustomerId                                public string CustomerName                 get  return customerName              set customerName  value                  RaisePropertyChangedCustomerName                                public int OrderTypeId                      get  return orderDto.OrderTypeId              set                              orderDto.OrderTypeId  value                 RaisePropertyChangedOrderTypeId                            codepre
Negative 387 pIve launched an application last week and have noticed since that in Chrome only the height of my canvas is not always adjusted. Ive spent a bunch of hours looking at the issues and noticed that I get the following error  sometimes.p  blockquote precodeUnsafe JavaScript attempt to access frame with URL httpsapps.facebook.comtabletr from frame with URL codepre      pa hrefhttpstatic.ak.facebook.comconnectcanvasproxy.phpversion3behaviorpampmethodgetPageInfoampparams7B22channelUrl223A22https3A2F2Fsstatic.ak.fbcdn.net2Fconnect2Fxdproxy.php3Fversion3D323cb3Df3782154e26origin3Dhttps253A252F252Ftabletr.herokuapp.com252Ff2951037b26relation3Dtop.frames255Biframecanvasfbhttps255D26transport3Dpostmessage222C22frame223A22iframecanvasfbhttps227Damprelationtop relnofollowhttpstatic.ak.facebook.comconnectcanvasproxy.phpversion3behaviorpampmethodgetPageInfoampparams7B22channelUrl223A22https3A2F2Fsstatic.ak.fbcdn.net2Fconnect2Fxdproxy.php3Fversion3D323cb3Df3782154e26origin3Dhttps253A252F252Ftabletr.herokuapp.com252Ff2951037b26relation3Dtop.frames255Biframecanvasfbhttps255D26transport3Dpostmessage222C22frame223A22iframecanvasfbhttps227Damprelationtopa.   Domains, protocols and ports must match.p blockquote  pNow, knowing a thing or two about programming I deduced that this is likely due to codehttpscode and codehttpcode being used interexchangably. I get the error sometimes with secure browsing on on Facebook and never with off.p  pBut what I find really odd is that the issue occurs sporadically when browsing over HTTPS. I still havent found any pattern to the issue coming up or my code working as intended. I know there are a few posts on here on this topic and Ive tried a number of workarounds but none seem to have solved my problem. Heres part of my codep  precodeltdiv idfbrootgtltdivgt ltscriptgt     window.fbAsyncInit  function          FB.init             appId       ltmyidgt,  App ID             channelUrl  tabletr.herokuapp.comchannel.php,  Channel File             status      false,  Check login status             cookie      true,  Enable cookies to allow the server to access the session             xfbml       false   Parse XFBML                    Additional initialization code here         FB.Canvas.setSize height 1200             If I comment out this function I dont get any unsafe URL errors      anymore. Im guessing that the include of the JavaScript code either      fails to use the right protocol or is faulty in its implementation      by Facebook. My money is on the former.     functiond         var js, id  facebookjssdk if d.getElementByIdid return         js  d.createElementscript js.id  id js.async  true         js.src  connect.facebook.netenUSall.js         js.src  tabletr.herokuapp.comjsall.js         d.getElementsByTagNamehead[0].appendChildjs     document ltscriptgt codepre  pHow do I fix this Im out of them to be honest. Maybe my channel file implementation is wrongp  h3Updated codeh3  precodeltdiv idfbrootgtltdivgt ltscriptgt     window.fbAsyncInit  function          FB.init             appId       ltmyidgt,  App ID             channelUrl  tabletr.herokuapp.comchannel.php,  Channel File             status      false,  Check login status             cookie      true,  Enable cookies to allow the server to access the session             xfbml       false   Parse XFBML                    Additional initialization code here         FB.Canvas.setSize height 1200             If I comment out this function I dont get any unsafe URL errors      anymore. Im guessing that the include of the JavaScript code either      fails to use the right protocol or is faulty in its implementation      by Facebook. My money is on the former.     functiond         var js, id  facebookjssdk if d.getElementByIdid return         js  d.createElementscript js.id  id js.async  true         js.src  connect.facebook.netenUSall.js         js.src  tabletr.herokuapp.comjsall.js         d.getElementsByTagNamehead[0].appendChildjs     document ltscriptgt codepre  pIve updated my code based on Stack OVerflow question ema hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5212016facebookjavascriptsdkoverhttpsloadingnonsecureitemsFacebook JavaScript SDK over HTTPS loading nonsecure itemsaem  this, however, hasnt fixed the issue yet. I came across the following bug report from 20120119, which shows the same symptoms Im facing. Fingers crossed this will be fixed by Facebook soonp  pa hrefhttpsdevelopers.facebook.combugs192507854181725browsesearch4f2bbd593f8798794293016 relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.facebook.combugs192507854181725browsesearch4f2bbd593f8798794293016ap
Negative 387 pI need a regular for time format HHMM ampm. I found something like     p  precodetime  HHMM am pregmatch[s0]d1[02]d2s[AaPp][Mm]xms, time, match     h  match[1]     m  match[2]     a  match[3] codepre  pThere are lot of regular expression for time. But what i am looking is if someone write aamn jk instead of number then it should give haa mmn and ajk Or if someone keep them blank or partial filled like abcd then habcd mnull and anull.p  pI solved it using for loop and some if else but hope some can help me to do it using regular expression or using some PHP function.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to remove everything from a string that is NOT an html tag or comment tag. p  pI have this code which works quite well for most stringsp  precode  NSString HTMLPlainText  [HTML stringByReplacingOccurrencesOfStringlt.gt withString  options NSRegularExpressionSearch rangeNSMakeRange 0, [HTML length]] codepre  pBut it does not work for strings that contain new lines. For example this string will not be altered lt tag name n more tag gt words I want p  pThe new line throws it off. I can run a whole other search to remove all n tags before running this one and that works, but it seems like there must be a better way....p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pIm trying to parse and modify a Mavens pom.xml using Groovys XmlSlurper. My pom.xml declares the namespace xsi.p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 standalonenogt ltproject xmlnshttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0   xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance   xsischemaLocationhttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0       httpmaven.apache.orgmavenv400.xsdgt ltmodelVersiongt4.0.0ltmodelVersiongt ltgroupIdgtagroupidltgroupIdgt ltartifactIdgtanartifactidltartifactIdgt codepre  pMy Groovy source is as followsp  precodeimport groovy.xml.XmlUtil def pom  new XmlSlurper.parsepom.xml    .declareNamespace httpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0,       xsi httpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance manipulate the pom println XmlUtil.serializepom codepre  pAs you notice, Ive declared the first namespace as empty. However in the output tag0 is added everywhere.p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt lttag0project xmlnstag0httpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0  xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance  xsischemaLocationhttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0        httpmaven.apache.orgmavenv400.xsdgt lttag0modelVersiongt4.0.0lttag0modelVersiongt lttag0groupIdgtagroupidlttag0groupIdgt lttag0artifactIdgtanartifactidlttag0artifactIdgt codepre  pHow to avoid thatp  pFor the moment my workaround is removing the tags manuallyp  precodeprintln XmlUtil.serializepom.replaceAlltag0, .replaceAlltag0,  codepre
Negative 387 pi have recently created a test paypal account, and also verified all the details, then i created the below form for testing the paypal integration. below is the code in placed in the filep  precodeltform actionhttpswww.paypal.comcgibinwebscr methodpostgt      ltinput typehidden namecmd valuexclick gt     ltinput typehidden namebusiness valueaelectricwala52gmail.com gt      ltinput typehidden nameitemname valueMy painting gt     ltinput typehidden nameamount value10.00 gt      ltinput typesubmit valueBuy gt  ltformgt codepre  pnow when i pressed the buy button, i got the error sayingp  precodeThis recipient is currently unable to receive money. codepre  pcan anyone tell me what could be the issue, how can i resolve this.p
Negative 387 pI want to construct a toolbar by code from a music font with variable font margins and position it in the absolute middle. What I have so far gives me the characters in varying positions, which is unacceptable for a toolbar.p  pIs this possible, and how i use this code to fill the toolbar p  precodeif value  false     else      FontFamily family  fontChooser.SelectedFontFamily     ICollectionltTypefacegt faceCollection  family.GetTypefaces     TypefaceListItem[] items  new TypefaceListItem[faceCollection.Count]      int i  0     foreach Typeface face in faceCollection              tf[i]  new TypefaceListItemface          for int t  0 t lt fontChooser.typefaceList.Items.Count t              ToolBar tmpToolbar  new ToolBar         tmpToolbar.Name  dtoolBar  t         tmpToolbar.Band  t  1           for int n  0 n lt Keys.Length1 n                       var tmpButton  new Button               GlyphRun gr  new GlyphRun               Glyphs g  new Glyphs               g.OriginX  100               g.OriginY  200               g.UnicodeString  k[n].ToString               g.FontRenderingEmSize  11               g.FontUri  tf[t].FontFamily.BaseUri               g.Fill  new SolidColorBrushColor.FromRgb0, 0, 233               gr  g.ToGlyphRun               TextBlock textBlock  new TextBlock               textBlock.Margin  new Thickness20, 0, 0, 0               textBlock.Text  k[n].ToString               tmpButton.Content  gr                tmpButton.FontFamily  tf[t].FontFamily               tmpButton.FontStyle  tf[t].FontStyle               tmpButton.FontStretch  tf[t].FontStretch               tmpButton.FontWeight  tf[t].FontWeight               tmpButton.FontSize  fontChooser.SelectedFontSize               tmpButton.HorizontalAlignment  System.Windows.HorizontalAlignment.Stretch               tmpButton.VerticalAlignment  System.Windows.VerticalAlignment.Stretch               tmpButton.Margin  new Thickness10, 1, 10, 1               tmpButton.Click  ButtonAddButtonClick                 tmpToolbar.Items.AddtmpButton                toolBarTray1.ToolBars.AddtmpToolbar codepre  pp
Negative 387 pThe main window contains a  p  ul liTODO list text box, time allotted list box, start time text box.li liCount down timer timer, start button button.li ul  pI already have a class for the timer which contains few slots too.p  pRemaining widgets have their objects declared in the main currently.p  pNow, I need to get the clicked item from the list and supply it to the timer.br The way to do it is to create signalslots.p  pHow to decide whether to make a separate class for widgets of a window or club them all together  p  pAny design patterns herep
Negative 387 pId like to create a custom WPF control. The Control class seems to be the most appropriate class to derive my control from, since I dont need ContentControl.Content, but Id like to use Control.Template to make it lookless.p  pWhen I derive my control from Control and try to open it in the designer, the designer shows the messagep  pIntentionally left blank. The document root element is not supported by the visual designer.p  pGoogling I found the following a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarybb907310vvs.100.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarybb907310vvs.100.aspxap  pWhich says The WPF Designer supports only Panel, Page, ContentControl and their derivatives as the root element.p  pAs far as I can tell ContentControls basically only extend Controls with a Content property. IMHO thats not special enough for the designer to depend on it for being able to open a control.p  pCould anyone please explain the technical reason for why the designer cannot open controls derived from Control, while it can display ContentControlsp  pWouldnt it make sense to be able to open controls derived from Control in the designer as wellp
Negative 387 pfirst I must say that as a Python programmer, I might be seeing this problem from a wrong perspective, many years had passed since I wrote my last c code back in college.p  pIm having a bit of a problem, trying to create a hybrid pythonc plugin using firebreath. Ive been succesfull so far integrating all the parts using boostpython.h, but a problem arose when I tried to fire an event from within python. I stumbled with the problem of having to bind together a python function with a c function using the BOOSTPYTHONMODULE. First I tried to bind directly python with my JSAPI derived class fbtestconpythonAPI, the problem with this approach seems to be the lack of reference to the JSAPI object instantiated by the browser, giving me all kinds of signature mismatch problems between python function and c equivalent at execution time. p  pThe only thing that ocurred to me to fix this I agree, is an ugly dirty solution, is to use a global pointer which I initialize by hand with setpluginPointer. This actually works pretty well so far, but I know it is not the right way to do it. I read that I should not be using a raw pointer with a JSAPI object, but Im not sure how to replace it with a sharedptr for this particular implementation. Another problem is the global variable, wich is shared accross all instances, causing for example, that all events are fired on the last tabwindow opened. One way to solve the latter would be creating some sort of array with an index being the current windowthread id, wich is something I should be able to access from both my JSAPI object and pythonc function. p  pOf course Im open, and will apreciate very much, any suggestions, on how to improvefix either this particular workaround or, better, the correct way to communicate boostpython and firebreath without hacking.p  pBelow is the relevant part of the plugin codep  precode Global pointer to plugin instance fbtestconpythonAPI fbtestPtr void fbtestconpythonAPIsetpluginPointerconst stdstringamp val     mtestString  val     fbtestPtr  this Global pointer initialization   void echostdstring x      Firing the echo event on the plugin instance using the global raw pointer     fbtestPtrgtfireechox, 1   BOOSTPYTHONMODULEPointless      defecho, echo   FBvariant fbtestconpythonAPIechoconst FBvariantamp msg     int resultvalue     PyInitialize       try          initPointless  initialize Pointless          PyRunSimpleStringimport Pointless         PyRunSimpleStringPointless.echohello world          object modulehandleltgtborrowedPyImportAddModulemain         object dictionary  module.attrdict      catch erroralreadyset          PyErrPrint           PyFinalize     return 0  codepre
Negative 387 pI have a problem testing a simple Restful service on JBoss.p  pI have built the project and deployed to JBoss fine. This is my Deployer written using Javap  precodeimport javax.ws.rs.core.Application  public class Deployer extends Application    codepre  pThis is my web.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0gt  ltwebappgt     ltservletmappinggt         ltservletnamegtcom.mxyy.orderservice.deploy.Deployerltservletnamegt         lturlpatterngtorderservicelturlpatterngt     ltservletmappinggt ltwebappgt codepre  pThis is my Restful service interface written in Scalap  precodeProvider Pathcustomers trait ICustomerService    POST   ConsumesArrayapplicationxml   def createCustomeris InputStream Response    GET   Pathid   ProducesArrayapplicationxml   def getCustomerPathParamid id Int StreamingOutput    PUT   Pathid   ConsumesArrayapplicationxml   def updateCustomerPathParamid id Int, is InputStream Unit  codepre  pThis interface is implemented.p  pAfter I deployed to JBoss, I tried to access the service by typingp  precode httplocalhost8080orderservicecustomers1 codepre  pThe browser respond with p  precodeHTTP Status 404  orderservicecustomers1      type Status report     message orderservicecustomers1     description The requested resource orderservicecustomers1 is not available. codepre  pCan someone point out what I did wrong p  pMany thanks.p
Negative 387 pI have javascript function return codearraycode like this p  precode ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         function looping              var columnnum  1             var array  []             columns ul.notcolumn1.eachfunction                   var ulId  this.attrid                 var ulClass  this.attrclass                  if ulId  undefined ampamp ulClass  undefined                      var order  1                     columnnum                     li, this.eachfunction                           var liId  this.attrid                         var liClass  this.attrclass                         if liId  undefined ampamp liClass  undefined                              order                              var result  liId    liClass    columnnum    order                              array.pushresult                              alertarray[0]                                                                                          return array               ltscriptgt codepre  hr  pHow can i retrieve the result in another array in my code behind code.cscode in button click eventp
Negative 387 pIn my Java application with a Swing GUI, I would like to achieve the following. p  pThere is a nonGUI thread running, performing some work. At one point, this thread needs input from the user before it can continue. Then, I would like to make some changes to the GUI, await a specific GUI action like the user pressing the OK button, get the entered data from the GUI to the nonGUI thread, and let it continue with the computation.p  pLooking around, I have found a lot of information about how to initiate the execution of a long running task from the Swing GUI thread on another thread, but nothing on my problem. p  pcodeSwingUtilites.invokeAndWaitcode sounds like it does the job, but first, it takes a codeRunnablecode argument instead of a codeCallablecode, so there is no straightforward way to return a result, and second, it does not solve the problem of waiting for a certain GUI event.p  pI realize I could make up my own solution using e.g. a codeCountDownLatchcode, but to me, the problem seems frequent enough for there to be a standard solution. p  pSo, my questions are Is this really a frequent problem, and if yes, is there a solution in the standard library  libraries If there is no standard solution, how would you solve it If this problem doesnt occur often, why notp
Negative 387 phere its my end of link  code...homeampuistatedialogcode.  I would fix this link through codehtaccesscode in this way the link is codehomeinfocode. How could I dop
Negative 387 pThere is a table to hold last update date in database p  precodesyncDate  CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS syncinfo lastsync TIMESTAMP DEFAULT 20030101 000000 codepre  pAnd im updating it every timep  precodedateUpdate  UPDATE syncinfo SET lastsync  NOW codepre  pDate is needed for data searchp  precodequery  SELECT  FROM results WHERE InsertionDate BETWEEN startDateToSearch AND NOW codepre  pwhere insertion date is also a timestamp in table.p  pThe problem is stupid, but I cant get proper startDateToSearch from database. It always returns integer and I cant use it for data search in that way...p  precode    startDate  SELECT  FROM syncinfo startFind  mysqlquerystartDate, GLOBALS[con] array  mysqlfetcharraystartFind row  array[0] startDateToSearch  row[lastsync] codepre  pWhat Im doing wrongp
Negative 387 pIm using this plugin a hrefhttptheodin.co.ukblogajaxcontactablejqueryplugin.html relnofollowlinkabr My question is, i want to remove the button feedback and instead use a normal link in my html page  lt a hrefContactlt a that trigger the plugin br I deleted this tag from .js file lt div idcontactableinnerlt div and now i want to attach my lt a link to the plugin bri dont know jQuery, can anyone help me plzp
Negative 387 pI developing a web application using GWT where i am trying to upload a file . My servlet is working fine.p  pbut when i use DiskFileItemFactory it gives me error.p  pif some one can correct my code or tell what is missing in  code.p  precode protected void doPostHttpServletRequest request,              HttpServletResponse response                      throws ServletException, IOException             response.setContentTypetextplain          FileItem uploadItem  getFileItemrequest          if uploadItem  null             response.getWriter.writeNOSCRIPTDATA            return                    byte[] fileContents  uploadItem.get          TODO add code to process file contents here. We will just print                       response.getWriter.writenew StringfileContents    private FileItem getFileItemHttpServletRequest request       TODO Autogenerated method stub     FileItemFactory factory  new DiskFileItemFactory      ServletFileUpload upload  new ServletFileUploadfactory      try         List items  upload.parseRequestrequest        Iterator it  items.iterator        while it.hasNext           FileItem item  FileItem it.next          if item.isFormField              ampamp uploadForm.equalsitem.getFieldName             return item                         catch FileUploadException e         return null            return null   codepre  pERRORp  precode java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError java.rmi.server.UID is a restricted class. Please see the Google  App Engine developers guide for more details. at com.google.appengine.tools.development.agent.runtime.Runtime.rejectRuntime.java51 at org.apache.commons.fileupload.disk.DiskFileItem.ltclinitgtDiskFileItem.java109 at org.apache.commons.fileupload.disk.DiskFileItemFactory.createItemDiskFileItemFactory.java199 at org.apache.commons.fileupload.FileUploadBase.parseRequestFileUploadBase.java361 at org.apache.commons.fileupload.servlet.ServletFileUpload.parseRequestServletFileUpload.java126 at com.server.FileUpload.getFileItemFileUpload.java101 at com.server.FileUpload.doPostFileUpload.java48 at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java637 codepre  pEdited Working Codep  precode    try              ServletFileUpload upload  new ServletFileUpload             response.setContentTypetextplain                FileItemIterator iterator  upload.getItemIteratorrequest              while iterator.hasNext                  FileItemStream item  iterator.next                  InputStream stream  item.openStream                  if item.isFormField                      log.warningGot a form field   item.getFieldName     item                     else                     log.warningGot an uploaded file   item.getFieldName                                , name    item.getName                     int len                     byte[] buffer  new byte[8192]                     while len  stream.readbuffer, 0, buffer.length  1                         response.getOutputStream.writebuffer, 0, len                                                            catch FileUploadException e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace      codepre
Negative 387 pI have some pretty basic C codep  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltstring.hgt  include ltmsclrmarshalcppstd.hgt using ltmscorlib.dllgt using ltSystem.dllgt  using namespace System using namespace SystemDiagnostics using namespace SystemComponentModel using namespace msclrinterop  int mainint argc, char argv[]      Process myprocess     ProcessStartInfo proc1  gcnew ProcessStartInfo      stdcout ltlt Hello World ltlt stdendl      proc1gtFileName  gcnew Stringdir     myprocess.StartInfo  proc1     myprocess.StartInfogtCreateNoWindow  true     myprocess.Start      systempause      return 0  codepre  pWhen I run this code it executes the dir command in a new window and then quickly closes that window.p  pMy question is simple How can I have the output from this process directed into the same, original window in which Hello World appearsp  pHere is a relevant link describing the System.DiagnosticsProcess class I am using a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.diagnostics.process.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.diagnostics.process.aspxap  pThank you very much in advance for your time and consideration.p  pstrongEditUpdatestrongp  pIts been suggested to me try modifying the StartInfo properties top  precodemyprocess.StartInfogtCreateNoWindow  true myprocess.StartInfogtRedirectStandardOutput  true myprocess.StartInfogtUseShellExecute  false codepre  pDoing this appears to give me no output at all.p
Negative 387 pI have a situation when the source I get from a site using WebClientHttpWebRequest is different from the actual source from web browsing different buttononclick.p  pI guess the site updates the button very short after sending the first source, I would like to get an updated source of a site after like 1 second Ive been there.p  pIve tried something, but I dont really know how to do that.p  pThis is my tryp  precodepublic class KeepAliveWebClient  WebClient      public string DownloadStringstring address              return base.DownloadStringaddress          protected override WebRequest GetWebRequestUri address              HttpWebRequest request  HttpWebRequestbase.GetWebRequestaddress         request.KeepAlive  true         return request           protected override WebResponse GetWebResponseWebRequest request              var response  base.GetWebResponserequest         Thread.Sleep2000         var newResponse  base.GetWebResponserequest          return newResponse       codepre  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pTo help understand the source code of various gems I often want to place various puts statements in the source code or even try using the ruby debugger. p  pBut whats the best way of doing thisp  pDo you clone the project from github and make changes locally, if so how do you force the use of the local cloned code over the local gem on your machine. Do I just create some scripts that explicitly require the path of the cloned repos folderp  pOr do should I use rvm to create a temp gemset, download the gem and modify it directlyp  pAre there any other methods ive overlooked How would this change for gems designed for use within rails projects.p
Negative 387 pI want to do something like p  precodea.filterlink.clickfunctione              e.preventDefault             var that  this,                  categoryId  that.dataid,                 categoryName  that.datacatname             div.results.loadpathumsperformancesresultsltI WANT var categoryName heregt, category categoryId, ajax true          codepre  pHow do I place the variable there  This is inline in the template pages, so I know pathumsperformancesresults works, but I need this to be dependent on the lastsegment variable.  I just want to render a particular template so I dont have to refresh the whole page when filtering a result set.  Thanks.p
Negative 387 pIve just started learning Spring and Java and Im putting together an application that has several parts to it. What Id like is some opinions on how to structure the application in terms of within an IDE, and when deploying. I use intellij 11 with Tomcat 7 for reference.p  pMy application consists of these piecesp  ul liMain public website www.myapp.comli liREST service www.myapp.comrestli liAdmin website admin.myapp.comli liUI resources cdn.myapp.comli ul  pI need to share Java classes between all of these apps my service layer, and also theres the issue of sharing UI resources css, js, images between the main website and the admin site.p  pHow should I best go about organising these in my IDE and on Tomcatp  pMy thoughts so far are that each of the apps mentioned would be separate WAR files they dont need to share sessions. I would create my service layer as a JAR which could be used by any of the apps. How would you represent this in intellij or Eclipsep  pI guess that my UI resources on cdn.myapp.com can just be included as they normally would and again these UI resources would just be packaged as another WAR. Does this sound okp  pHow do you organise your projects with multiple subapps like thisp  pAs you can see Im not necessarily after a hard and fast rule, just opinions really though if anyone has a solid clear cut answer then great.p  pThanks,p  pJames.p
Negative 387 pIve got some html likep  precodelta classlink hrefgtlinkltagt lta classlink0 hrefgtlinkltagt lta classlink1 enabled hrefgtlinkltagt lta classlink2 hrefgtlinkltagt codepre  pI can select all of those links byp  precode[classlink] codepre  pbut I find it very difficult to check what is after hyphen, I think about getting classes by codeattrclasscode splitting with codesplit code and checking each class, if it starts with link and splitting again with codesplitcode.p  pAnyone knows better way to do thisp
Negative 387 pI am reviewing some code and I ran across some code I am unfamiliar with.  After some searching I could not come up of any example of why this is done or the benefit of this declaration.  p  precodemyClass const  const myPtr  myClassgtgetPointer codepre  pIs this a declaration of a const pointer or something entirely differentp
Negative 387 pMy codeigniter app is multilingual and I want to redirect users to their pages, by checking IP address.p  pI should check it at the top of all pages i know i can set a session or cookie, but i want to check it on all pages before any views or other.p  pWhere should i put my code function on codeStartupcode file or codeLoadercode or create an extension or plugin and load it on codeStartupcode if it can be done by an extension or plugin, how can I create it ive searched, but didnt find a useful tutorialp  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pI am using phoneGap framework to create mobile application . and i am putting my existing .db file in www directory of phoneGap . And when application loads or on some action i want to copy .db file from www directory to internal memory of application i.e datadataapplicationPackageNameappdatabases so that database could be loaded from this location. and all this i want to do using javascriptjqueryPhoneGap api .p  pplz help me with some code or article link. thanks a lot .p
Negative 387 pin syssocket.h it defines the functionp  precodeint accept int socket, struct sockaddr address, socklent addresslen codepre  pMy question has to do with strongsocklent addresslenstrong which based on the a hrefhttppubs.opengroup.orgonlinepubs7908799xnsaccept.htmlmanuala points to a strongsocklentstrong which on input specifies the length of the supplied strongsockaddrstrong structure, and on output specifies the length of the stored address.p  pUnder what conditions will the strongaddresslenstrong size input be different from outputp  pI need this so I can emulate a test case on a wrapper I have created for the strongsockaddrinstrong structure.p  pThanks a lotp
Negative 387 pIs there a simple way to do a 11 copy of a TCP packet in Java and send it back, so as to force the clients TCP implementation to automatically discard it Or am I approaching this the wrong way It seems like a simple thing to do but has me stumped.p  pstrongEDITstrong Would a raw sockets library be of any relevance here, or is it not strictly requiredp
Negative 387 pIm loading a large number of PVR texures in cocos2d in an iOS app, but the transparent areas of the PVR textures are loading white.p  pIve created the textures using the command codetexturetool e PVRTC o file.pvr f PVR filecodep  pThe textures seem to show transparency when viewed in the TexturePacker app.p  pIs there something I need to set in cocos2d to make these work Or do I need to run texturetool with different flagsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTFgym.png altTexture viewed in TexturePackerp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0QN3X.png altTexture viewed inappp
Negative 387 pI have created two tables as order amp product. In order table, order details are stored amp in product table according to order, product details are stored. Now I want to give row no.line no. for that product table. Say for order no. 100 there are 3 prodcutsp  precode1  Nokia     8000     20 2  Samsung   5000     50 3  Sony      7000     30 codepre  pSo how to give row noline no. for product in Mysql Is there any function for the same And also that no. must start from 1 for each order. Say after order no. 100, for order no. 101, it would be again start from 1,2...like this. I have maintained proper PK amp FK...like PK of order is FK for product table..p  pMy Schema is like this First I am inserting data in Order table using insert query so that will generate id i.e. mysqlinsertid amp I am using that for reference in Product table. Now my code is like thisp  precode    global id       id  mysqlinsertid       query2  SELECT a.name, a.sku, a.qtyordered, a.price, a.rowtotal, a.basesubtotal,  b.baseshippingamount, b.basegrandtotal,.id. FROM  salesflatorder b JOIN salesflatorderitem a ON a.orderid  b.entityid WHERE b.incrementid  . orderid   result2  mysqlqueryquery2  whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayresult2      resultstrproduct . . row[name] . ,.  . row[sku] . , .  . row[qtyordered] . ,.  . row[price] . , .  . row[rowtotal] . , .  . row[basesubtotal]. , .  . row[baseshippingamount] . , .  . row[basegrandtotal] .,. id.,    query3  INSERT into productname, sku, qtyordered, price, rowtotal, basesubtotal, baseshippingamount,basegrandtotal,prodf VALUES .resultstrproduct  finalresult  substrreplacequery3,,1 resultqueryproduct  mysqlqueryfinalresult codepre  pNow my requirement is that I want to generate line no.row no. for these products like I explain abovePlz chek my above example that Nokia,Samsung. So How I can give row no.line no. for these item Any inbuilt function for the same that I can use in while loop or any other approachp
Negative 387 pIs there a way to disable days from jquery UI datepicker p  pI tried to use dateformat mmyy to limit days, but my boss is still concerned that user still assume they need to choose a dayp  precodedate.datepicker yearRange 19502015, changeYear true, changeMonth true  codepre  pI want to disable day and in my situation, if possible I prefer to use datepicker instead of two dropdownlists. p  pI saw there are some articles talking about disable specified days a hrefhttpdavidwalsh.namejquerydatepickerdisabledays relnofollowhttpdavidwalsh.namejquerydatepickerdisabledaysap  pso I think there maybe a way to disable all days p
Negative 387 pIm getting the following error on using calendar component strongUncaught TypeError Object  has no method datepickerstrong This problem is coming in primefaces.js PrimeFaces.widget.Calendar.p  pThe code isp  precodeltpcolumn idstartDategt     ltpcalendar valuearticle.startDate modeinline         idinlineCal patternMMddyyyygt         ltfconvertDateTime patternMMddyyyy gt     ltpcalendargt ltpcolumngt codepre  pWhat could be the possible issues p  pThanks, Shikhap
Negative 387 pi have a array p  precodeArray      [Hindi] gt Array                      [0] gt Array                                      [Examinations] gt 124                               [1] gt Array                                      [Assignment] gt 124                               [2] gt Array                                      [Projects] gt 124                                 [Punjabi] gt Array                      [0] gt Array                                      [Examinations] gt 0                               [1] gt Array                                      [Projects] gt 124                              codepre  pAnd so on . but i need following format as per my requirement .Does anybody have idea how to make an array like this p  precode Array          [Hindi] gt Array                              [Examinations] gt124                  [Assignment] gt 124                  [Projects] gt 124                               codepre  pand so on p  pAnybody have idea how to do this p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI have a WPF Chart that I am dynamically binding a BarSeries to.  I would like to have the BarSeries show 3 pieces of information, however.  The third piece of information I would like to be shown in the tooltip of any given datapoint.p  pIs there any way to dynamically bind the valuecontent of the tooltip for a given datapoint in my barseriesp  pXAMLp  precodeltUserControl.Resourcesgt     ltStyle        xKeySimpleDataPointStyle        BasedOnStaticResource xType chartingToolkitBarDataPoint        TargetTypexType chartingToolkitBarDataPointgt         ltSetter PropertyWidth Value20gt         ltSetter PropertyHeight Value20gt         ltSetter xNameDataPointToolTip PropertyToolTip ValueBinding PathEventDescriptiongt     ltStylegt ltUserControl.Resourcesgt ltGrid xNameMetricsPanel Width904 Height376 HorizontalAlignmentLeft VerticalAlignmentTopgt        ltchartingToolkitChart xNameMetricChart HorizontalAlignmentLeft Width464 Height352 VerticalAlignmentTopgt         ltchartingToolkitChart.Seriesgt             ltchartingToolkitBarSeries xNameMainSeries                                        TitleContribution to Risk and Errors                                         IndependentValueBindingBinding                                        DependentValueBindingBindinggt                 ltchartingToolkitBarSeries.DataPointStylegt                     ltStyle                         BasedOnStaticResource SimpleDataPointStyle                         TargetTypexType chartingToolkitBarDataPointgt                       ltStylegt                 ltchartingToolkitBarSeries.DataPointStylegt              ltchartingToolkitBarSeriesgt         ltchartingToolkitChart.Seriesgt     ltchartingToolkitChartgt codepre  pCodeBehindp  phighestWeightedEvents  BuildHighestWeightedEventsTablep  precode        MainSeries.DependentValueBinding  new BindingCutsetFrequency         MainSeries.IndependentValueBinding  new BindingEventNumber         MainSeries.ItemsSource  highestWeightedEvents.DefaultView         Style dataPointStyle  StyleResources[SimpleDataPointStyle]         MainSeries.DataPointStyle  dataPointStyle codepre  pHow can I specify the binding for the tooltip in code behindp  pThank in advance...p
Negative 387 pThe convention with using JavaMail seems to be  Use smtp for sending emails  Use imap or pop for reading emails .. p  pFor our applications purposes, I reckon it is more useful to use an email client protocol imap specifically to send emails .. and ensure copies of all sent mail make into the Sent folder of gmail or whatever mail account used.  p  pNote, the primary point of the email connection is just to send mails, not to read or poll emails.p  pWould like opinionssuggestionsexamples from others who have used imap for sending emails from their java apps.  All posts appreciated.p
Negative 387 pI have 3 tables I am working with.p  precodeTableA, TableB, TableC codepre  pTableA contains the information for the client, each row contains all the information for one specific person.p  pTableB contains information for a message a person in TableA created.p  precodeID  DistID  Subject Message CreatedDate StatusID    SentTotal 57  3   MonList MonList 20120319 162136.117 2   4 codepre  pTableC contains a list of people who have access to the message in TableB.p  precodeID     MessageID    DistID  StatusID  Important  OriginalMessagelID 25111   58            516       1          0       NULL 25112   58            519       1          0       NULL 25114   58            374       1          0       NULL 25115   58            5545      1          0       NULL 25116   58            23435     1          0       NULL codepre  pTableC MessageID will be the same as TableB ID.p  pTableB and TableC DistID will reference the DistID in TableA table A included way to much info to copy for even a single row, it is a 1 to 1 ratio, 1 row for one customer.p  pI need to produce a query that links these three tables together.  Here is what I have so farp  precodeSELECT  FROM Distributor d INNER JOIN Messages ms     ON ms.DistID  d.DistID INNER JOIN Message m     ON m.DistID  d.DistID WHERE d.DCLoginDate lt GETDATE  3 OR d.DCLoginDate IS NULL AND CONVERTVARCHAR8, m.CreatedDate, 1  CONVERTVARCHAR8, GETDATE, 1 codepre  pNow TableB can have multiple messages created by the same customer, so their DistID can be present in this table more than 1 time.p  pTableC is the same way, the DistID can be present in this table more than one time.p  pI started making individual queries that workedp  precodeSELECT  FROM Distributor WHERE DCLoginDate lt GETDATE  3 OR DCLoginDate IS NULL  SELECT  FROM Message m INNER JOIN Messages ms     ON ms.MessageID  m.ID WHERE CONVERTVARCHAR8, CreatedDate, 1  CONVERTVARCHAR8, GETDATE, 1 codepre  pThe above work correctly, when I tried to combine them into one statement, it started returning 0 results when i should have returned two from my live data, not the data provided above.p  pAnyone understand how to get this to work effecientlyp
Negative 387 pI would like to replace characters with certain Unicode values in a variable with dash. I have two ideas which might work, but I do not know how to check for the value of characterp  p1 processing variable as string, checking every characters value and placing these characters in a  new variable replacing those characters which are invalidp  p2 use these magic p  precodevariable  s[charrange]g codepre  pcharrange should be similar to code[09]code or code[AZ]code, but it should be values for utf8 characters. I need range from 0x00 to 0x7F to be exact.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to implement a chat client using aSmack and ejabbered on my Android SDK.br I have the following class for receiving messagesp  precodeimport org.jivesoftware.smack. import org.jivesoftware.smack.packet. import org.jivesoftware.smack.provider. import org.jivesoftware.smackx. import org.jivesoftware.smackx.bytestreams.ibb.provider.CloseIQProvider import org.jivesoftware.smackx.bytestreams.ibb.provider.DataPacketProvider import org.jivesoftware.smackx.bytestreams.ibb.provider.OpenIQProvider import org.jivesoftware.smackx.bytestreams.socks5.provider.BytestreamsProvider import org.jivesoftware.smackx.packet. import org.jivesoftware.smackx.provider. import org.jivesoftware.smackx.pubsub.provider. import org.jivesoftware.smackx.search.UserSearch  import android.app.Activity import android.os.Bundle import android.util.Log import android.widget.TextView  public class ReceiveActivity extends Activity      XMPPConnection connection     Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.receive         final TextView tv  TextView findViewByIdR.id.textView2         configureProviderManager         try              connection  new XMPPConnection192.168.1.13             connection.connect             connection.loginadmin, 123456          catch XMPPException e              Log.eChat, e.getMessage                    register listeners         connection.getChatManager.addChatListenernew ChatManagerListener                    public void chatCreatedfinal Chat chat, final boolean createdLocally                        chat.addMessageListenernew MessageListener                            public void processMessageChat chat, Message message                                Log.dReceived message  , message  null  message.getBody  NULL                 tv.setTextmessage  null  message.getBody  NULL                                                           public static void configureProviderManager          ProviderManager pm  ProviderManager.getInstance           The order is the same as in the smack.providers file            Private Data Storage         pm.addIQProviderquery,jabberiqprivate, new PrivateDataManager.PrivateDataIQProvider            Time         try              pm.addIQProviderquery,jabberiqtime, Class.forNameorg.jivesoftware.smackx.packet.Time          catch ClassNotFoundException e              Log.wCant load class for org.jivesoftware.smackx.packet.Time, empty                     Roster Exchange         pm.addExtensionProviderx,jabberxroster, new RosterExchangeProvider           Message Events         pm.addExtensionProviderx,jabberxevent, new MessageEventProvider           Chat State         pm.addExtensionProvideractive,httpjabber.orgprotocolchatstates, new ChatStateExtension.Provider         pm.addExtensionProvidercomposing,httpjabber.orgprotocolchatstates, new ChatStateExtension.Provider         pm.addExtensionProviderpaused,httpjabber.orgprotocolchatstates, new ChatStateExtension.Provider         pm.addExtensionProviderinactive,httpjabber.orgprotocolchatstates, new ChatStateExtension.Provider         pm.addExtensionProvidergone,httpjabber.orgprotocolchatstates, new ChatStateExtension.Provider            XHTML         pm.addExtensionProviderhtml,httpjabber.orgprotocolxhtmlim, new XHTMLExtensionProvider            Group Chat Invitations         pm.addExtensionProviderx,jabberxconference, new GroupChatInvitation.Provider           Service Discovery  Items             pm.addIQProviderquery,httpjabber.orgprotocoldiscoitems, new DiscoverItemsProvider           Service Discovery  Info         pm.addIQProviderquery,httpjabber.orgprotocoldiscoinfo, new DiscoverInfoProvider           Data Forms         pm.addExtensionProviderx,jabberxdata, new DataFormProvider           MUC User         pm.addExtensionProviderx,httpjabber.orgprotocolmucuser, new MUCUserProvider           MUC Admin             pm.addIQProviderquery,httpjabber.orgprotocolmucadmin, new MUCAdminProvider           MUC Owner             pm.addIQProviderquery,httpjabber.orgprotocolmucowner, new MUCOwnerProvider           Delayed Delivery         pm.addExtensionProviderx,jabberxdelay, new DelayInformationProvider         pm.addExtensionProviderdelay, urnxmppdelay, new DelayInformationProvider           Version         try              pm.addIQProviderquery,jabberiqversion, Class.forNameorg.jivesoftware.smackx.packet.Version          catch ClassNotFoundException e              Log.wCant load class for org.jivesoftware.smackx.packet.Version, empty                    VCard         pm.addIQProvidervCard,vcardtemp, new VCardProvider           Offline Message Requests         pm.addIQProvideroffline,httpjabber.orgprotocoloffline, new OfflineMessageRequest.Provider           Offline Message Indicator         pm.addExtensionProvideroffline,httpjabber.orgprotocoloffline, new OfflineMessageInfo.Provider           Last Activity         pm.addIQProviderquery,jabberiqlast, new LastActivity.Provider           User Search         pm.addIQProviderquery,jabberiqsearch, new UserSearch.Provider           SharedGroupsInfo         pm.addIQProvidersharedgroup,httpwww.jivesoftware.orgprotocolsharedgroup, new SharedGroupsInfo.Provider            JEP33 Extended Stanza Addressing         pm.addExtensionProvideraddresses,httpjabber.orgprotocoladdress, new MultipleAddressesProvider             FileTransfer         pm.addIQProvidersi,httpjabber.orgprotocolsi, new StreamInitiationProvider         pm.addIQProviderquery,httpjabber.orgprotocolbytestreams, new BytestreamsProvider         pm.addIQProvideropen,httpjabber.orgprotocolibb, new OpenIQProvider         pm.addIQProviderdata,httpjabber.orgprotocolibb, new DataPacketProvider         pm.addIQProviderclose,httpjabber.orgprotocolibb, new CloseIQProvider         pm.addExtensionProviderdata,httpjabber.orgprotocolibb, new DataPacketProvider            Privacy         pm.addIQProviderquery,jabberiqprivacy, new PrivacyProvider           SHIM         pm.addExtensionProviderheaders, httpjabber.orgprotocolshim, new HeadersProvider         pm.addExtensionProviderheader, httpjabber.orgprotocolshim, new HeadersProvider           PubSub         pm.addIQProviderpubsub, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsub, new PubSubProvider         pm.addExtensionProvidercreate, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsub, new SimpleNodeProvider         pm.addExtensionProvideritems, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsub, new ItemsProvider         pm.addExtensionProvideritem, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsub, new ItemProvider         pm.addExtensionProvidersubscriptions, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsub, new SubscriptionsProvider         pm.addExtensionProvidersubscription, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsub, new SubscriptionProvider         pm.addExtensionProvideraffiliations, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsub, new AffiliationsProvider         pm.addExtensionProvideraffiliation, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsub, new AffiliationProvider         pm.addExtensionProvideroptions, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsub, new FormNodeProvider          PubSub owner         pm.addIQProviderpubsub, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubowner, new PubSubProvider         pm.addExtensionProviderconfigure, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubowner, new FormNodeProvider         pm.addExtensionProviderdefault, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubowner, new FormNodeProvider          PubSub event         pm.addExtensionProviderevent, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubevent, new EventProvider         pm.addExtensionProviderconfiguration, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubevent, new ConfigEventProvider         pm.addExtensionProviderdelete, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubevent, new SimpleNodeProvider         pm.addExtensionProvideroptions, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubevent, new FormNodeProvider         pm.addExtensionProvideritems, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubevent, new ItemsProvider         pm.addExtensionProvideritem, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubevent, new ItemProvider         pm.addExtensionProviderretract, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubevent, new RetractEventProvider         pm.addExtensionProviderpurge, httpjabber.orgprotocolpubsubevent, new SimpleNodeProvider            Nick Exchange         pm.addExtensionProvidernick, httpjabber.orgprotocolnick, new Nick.Provider           Attention         pm.addExtensionProviderattention, urnxmppattention0, new AttentionExtension.Provider        codepre  pnow the problem is when I send a message using another java application, nothing happens.br Im wondering where Im doing it wrongp  pstrongEDITstrong now that I noticed I get the following messages as warning in logcatp  precode0408 082715.587 WSystem.err4184     at org.jivesoftware.smack.ServerTrustManager.ltinitgtServerTrustManager.java70 0408 082715.587 WSystem.err4184     at org.jivesoftware.smack.XMPPConnection.proceedTLSReceivedXMPPConnection.java824 0408 082715.587 WSystem.err4184     at org.jivesoftware.smack.PacketReader.parsePacketsPacketReader.java267 0408 082715.587 WSystem.err4184     at org.jivesoftware.smack.PacketReader.access000PacketReader.java43 0408 082715.597 WSystem.err4184     at org.jivesoftware.smack.PacketReader1.runPacketReader.java70 codepre
Negative 387 pIm new to Doctrine, and have only just gotten my mind around Entities, which are awesome.p  pI have two tables which contain information about messages.p  pMsglinks has a p  ul limsgID fieldli litouserli liisread.li ul  pMsgcontent has p  ul licontentkeyli limsgtextli lifromuserli litimestamp.li ul  pWhen a message is generated in my application, if its from 1 user to 1 user, it generates content in both tables, and when displayed, msgID from Msglinks is relative to contentkey.p  pIf there were a message sent to 2 users, there would be only a single line in the msgcontent table, but two lines in msglinks.   I hope that makes sense.p  pWhen my code displays mail, it needs to link the two tables.  Ive done this before either with a VIEW in mysql, or with an inner join.p  pIf I understand association mapping correctly, its rather like an entity of a join. Anywhere closep  pSo do I need to figure out association mapping and use that, or use querybuilder to make a joinp  pnote that Im also using CodeIgniter2p
Negative 387 pIm looking into this clock. I have no experience with the js that comes with this file.p  pHere is the a hrefhttpwww.scripttutorials.comdemos242index.html relnofollowdemoap  pHere is all the a hrefhttpcss.dzone.comarticleshtml5canvasclockkeeps relnofollowcodeap  pHow can I edit the face of the clock p  pIm looking at this and I would like more control over what the hands look like. Can someone tell me what makes them come to a point. How could I make them just a thick line p  precode  draw hour ctx.save var theta  hour  3  2  Math.PI  12 ctx.rotatetheta ctx.beginPath ctx.moveTo15, 5 ctx.lineTo15, 5 ctx.lineToclockRadius  0.5, 1 ctx.lineToclockRadius  0.5, 1 ctx.fill ctx.restore   draw minute ctx.save var theta  minute  15  2  Math.PI  60 ctx.rotatetheta ctx.beginPath ctx.moveTo15, 4 ctx.lineTo15, 4 ctx.lineToclockRadius  0.8, 1 ctx.lineToclockRadius  0.8, 1 ctx.fill ctx.restore   draw second ctx.save var theta  seconds  15  2  Math.PI  60 ctx.rotatetheta ctx.beginPath ctx.moveTo15, 3 ctx.lineTo15, 3 ctx.lineToclockRadius  0.9, 1 ctx.lineToclockRadius  0.9, 1 ctx.fillStyle  0f0 ctx.fill ctx.restore  ctx.restore  codepre  pThanksp
Negative 387 pIm trying to get my subgrid to work with local data. However, when I click expand, I just get a Loading box like the grid is attempting to pull the data from somewhere. Im assuming I dont need a codesubGridUrlcode since the master grids datatype is codedatatypelocalcode. Is there anything else I should be doingp
Negative 387 pIm trying to convert code from a WinForm to a WinApp, but I know very little of aspx, and nothing of javascript.p  pI have programmatically created a textbox that will be given text. The text is then passed through a validation method like sop  pcodetext.Validating  new CancelEventHandlerbooleanValidatingcodep  pgoes top  precode    private void booleanValidatingobject sender, CancelEventArgs e              TextBox textBox  TextBoxsender         string boolean  textBox.Text          string message  null         if checkBooleanSyntaxboolean, out message                      Response.WriteError   message             e.Cancel  true              textBox.Text  message               codepre  pASPX doesnt have a definition for the codetext.Validatingcode part. How else can I validate the text using a Cancel Event Handlerp
Negative 387 pIve looked at all the hip, fluidgrid frameworks, and it seems like its impossible to have a fluid grid that uses percentages for column widths and ems for gutter widths, that is emdivisible by 3em, and doesnt suffer from horrible rounding errors. Take a lookp  pa hrefhttproestudios.comcode12columns.html relnofollowhttproestudios.comcode12columns.htmlap  pTry resizing your browser window, and notice how things bounce around. Most gutters dont line up at all from row to row. This is because of the lack of tidy subpixel handling. Of course, rounding varies from browser to browser.p  pThe example Ive shown is based on a 12 column grid, which is ideal, since a 12 column grid allows for elements that are 14 and 13 the width of the page.p  pThats why something like a hrefhttpgoldengridsystem.com relnofollowThe Golden Grida wont work its not divisible by 3.p  pIts fairly standard to have a home page with a full width main area, and three buckets below. Standard layout.p  pBut in trying to build responsive sites, it seems like fixedlayouts with several media queries might be the only real choice if I want elements to be pixelperfectly aligned.p  pEdit Much, much worse in Webkit, but even Firefox doesnt yield pixelperfect results.p
Negative 387 pstrong.NET Web Servicestrongbr I have a .NET web service which returns json formatted DateTimes. The json representation of a DateTime specified by Microsoft is for examplebr Date13028472000000200br This is according to a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarybb412170.aspx relnofollowMSDN  StandAlone JSON Serializationa the millisecond offset since the first of January 1970 in UTC before the  sign and after the sign the time zone offset of the local time to GMT. So for this serialization the DateTime value must be converted from the web services local time to UTC.p  pstrongAndroid java Clientstrongbr In my Android application, which receives the web service results, I parse json using Gson. Because the .NET DateTime json serialization is not a standard according to Microsoft there is no such standard for DateTime gson is not able to parse such formatted dates. I wrote a Date TypeAdapter which does the serialization and deserialization on the client side.  p  pSo this seems to work fine. DateTime exchange from and to service in UTC. It would be fine, if .NETs DateTime and Javas Calendar would regard totally the same rules when it comes to conversion of local to UTC time.p  pstrongAn examplestrong Switzerland has DST Daylight Saving Time since 1979. Java knows that DST did not exist before. .NET assumes it exists since ever. So when a date in summer before 1979 is converted from .NET to UTC and from Java back to Local time for presentation, then this date loses an hour in the same time zone.p  pstrongQuestionstrong How to face that problem Is there any mistake I am doing in the described data exchange. I thought about many different solutions. The only way which i can imagine to work properly is to replace the .NET json DateTime SerializationDeserialization. This of course is not a favoured one...p  pThanks for your time.p
Negative 387 pI want to get a single propertyblob from a single entity by Id.  I havep  precodecontext.References     .Singler gt r.ID  id     .Blob codepre  pThis strikes me as inefficient, because Im getting the entire Reference, only to discard everything except the Blob.  This led top  precodecontext.References     .Wherer gt r.ID  id     .Selectr gt r.Blob     .Single codepre  pWhich should only query for the Blob, but having the Single as an afterthought at the end is somewhat annoying yet enforcing the singularity I feel is necessary.  My question is this is there a better way to accomplish this, or is my second codeblock just the way it isp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pNow I have a filter class, such asp  precodeinterface FilterNSObject      NSString a,     NSString b      BOOL aisset     BOOL bisset  codepre  pand I have a function to get objs from core data, such asp  precodeNSArray findObjsFilter filter codepre  pHow to implement this function For this case, I know the answerp  precode... if aisset ampamp bisset   else if aisset ampamp bisset      predicate  [NSPredicate predicateWithFormata, a]  else if aisset ampamp bisset      predicate  [NSPredicate predicateWithFormatb, b]  else if aisset ampamp bisset      predicate  [NSPredicate predicateWithFormata AND b, a, b]  ... codepre  pBut how to deal with three variables, for example a, b, c p  pI have try this wayp  precode... NSString predicateStr   if aisset ... if bisset ... if cisset ... predicate  [NSPredicate predicateWithFormat, predicateStr] ... codepre  pbut if I run with this code, I will get an error Unable to parse the format string .p
Negative 387 pI get the following error when I try to submit a form in my Rails 3 project. The form is used when 1 user sends a a message to another user, using the Simple Private Messaging plugin.p  pThe way I have set the site up right now, users do not have to sign up or login in order to send a message.p  pstrongTHE ERROR I AM GETTINGstrong    p  precodeNoMethodError in MessagesControllercreate  undefined method findbylogin for ltClass0x12a374238gt  appcontrollersmessagescontroller.rb33in create codepre  pstrongMESSAGES CONTROLLERstrongp  precodedef new   message  Message.new    if params[replyto]     replyto  user.receivedmessages.findparams[replyto]     unless replyto.nil       message.to  replyto.sender.login       message.subject  Re replyto.subject       message.body  nnOriginal messagenn replyto.body     end   end end  def create   message  Message.newparams[message]   message.sender  user   message.recipient  User.findbyloginparams[message][to]    if message.save     flash[notice]  Message sent     redirectto usermessagespathuser   else     render action gt new   end end codepre  pstrongMESSAGESNEW VIEW This is where Form is being createdstrongp  precodelt formfor message, url gt messagespathuserid gt user do f gt ltbrgt ltbr gt ltbr gt ltdiv classfieldgt Hello My name is lt f.textfield subject gt and Im contacting you in response to your ad. Im interested in learning more so get in touch Heres my contact details lt f.textfield body gt. ltdivgt ltbutton typesubmit classbtn span6 largegtSubmitltbuttongt lt end gt codepre  pstrongMESSAGE MODELstrongp  precodeclass Message lt ActiveRecordBase  isprivatemessage  attraccessor to  end codepre  pstrongUSER MODELstrongp  precodeclass User lt ActiveRecordBase  hasmany posts   hasone profile hasprivatemessages  attraccessible email  validatespresenceof email validatesuniquenessof email, message gtHmm, that emails already taken validatesformatof email, with gt [s][az09].[az]2,i, message gt Hi Please use a valid email  end codepre  pstrongUSER MIGRATIONstrongp  precodeclass CreateUsers lt ActiveRecordMigration def change createtable users do t   t.string email   t.string salt   t.timestamps end end end codepre  pstrongRAILS CONSOLE OUTPUT ON FINDING USERS BY LOGINstrongp  precodegtgt u  User.first User Load 1.0ms  SELECT users. FROM users LIMIT 1 gt nil gtgt u.login NoMethodError undefined method login for nilNilClass from LibraryRubyGems1.8gemsactivesupport3.1.1libactivesupportwhinynil.rb48in methodmissing from irb2 gtgt  codepre  pstrongROUTES.RBstrongp  precodeMysalaryApplication.routes.draw do  resources users do  resources messages    end  resources profiles resources pages resources posts  get pageshome get pagesabout get pageslegal get pagesfeedback  root to gt postsnew  end codepre
Negative 387 pI would like to replicate the behavior of Tuples[list, n] of Mathematica in R. For example, p  precodeTuples[0, 1, 3]   0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0,  1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1.  codepre  pIn R, I would like the following resultp  precodetuplesc0,1, 3  list c0, 0, 0, c0, 0, 1, c0, 1, 0,  c0, 1, 1, c1, 0, 0, c1, 0, 1, c1, 1, 0, c1, 1, 1   codepre  por something similar to this where I can extract the sublists c0,0,0, etc.p  pIs there a command for this Or how can I program this Thanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pSo, I am using codeQSyntaxHiglihtercode to create syntax highlight rules for my editor. I am using codeQRegExpcode for this purpose. Now, regular expressions is not my field, so anybody know how to create a rule for say,p  precodestdcout codepre  pwith std one color, and cout another I tried with codeQRegExpbbcode, but that only colors the colons. Thanksp  pFigured it out codeb[AZaz09]codep
Negative 387 pI want to output all defined routes onto a page without any code behind, so I need to bind codeRouteTable.Routescode to a Repeater in markup. How do I do that  codeltaspRepeatergtcode only has codeDataSourceIDcode value available in markup, not DataSource.  I assume I need to declare a DataSource for codeRouteTable.Routescode and then provide its ID to the Repeater, but how do I do thatp  pAgain, I need a solution without any codebehind, declarative only.p  pIm using asp.net 4.0 not MVCp
Negative 387 pHow do I do an infinite scrolling in a codeUITableViewcode I know how to do it using a codeUIScrollViewcode, in which apple has demonstrated in one of the WWDCs video. I tried doing the following in codetableViewcellForRowAtIndexPathcodep  precodeif indexPath.row  [self.newsFeedData count]  1      [self.newsFeedData addObjectsFromArrayself.newsFeedData]     [self.tableView reloadData]  codepre  pbut this fails. Any other ideap
Negative 387 pWhile trying to compile the a hrefhttprosettacode.orgwikiMazegenerationC relnofollowMaze GeneratorSolver in Ca as present in rosettacode in Visual Studio 2010, I am facing issue during compilation.p  pThe following line p  precode   define SPC  wchart glyph[]  LSPCSPC   codepre  pis throwing an Errorp  precode1gtdprojectsmazecppmazecppmain.cpp14 error C2308 concatenating mismatched strings 1gt          Concatenating wide  with narrow    codepre  pConsidering my limited knowledge with Unicode, and the unfriendly description of the error in a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrary86888ehe28vvs.7129.aspx relnofollowMSDNa, I am puzzled about the problem and how to solve itp
Negative 387 pI am implementing the Hadoop Single Node Cluster on my machine by following a hrefhttpwww.michaelnoll.comwikiRunningHadoopOnUbuntuLinux28SingleNodeCluster29Michael Nolls tutoriala and have come across data replication errorp  pHeres the full error messagep  blockquote precodegt hadooplaptophadoop binhadoop dfs copyFromLocal gt tmptestfiles testfiles gt  gt 120504 161841 WARN hdfs.DFSClient DataStreamer Exception gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RemoteException java.io.IOException File gt userhadooptestfilestestfilesfile1.txt could only be replicated to gt 0 nodes, instead of 1   at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.FSNamesystem.getAdditionalBlockFSNamesystem.java1271 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.NameNode.addBlockNameNode.java422 gt     at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor7.invokeUnknown Source  at gt sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java25 gt     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java597     at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RPCServer.callRPC.java508     at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.ServerHandler1.runServer.java959     at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.ServerHandler1.runServer.java955     at gt java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method  at gt javax.security.auth.Subject.doAsSubject.java396  at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.ServerHandler.runServer.java953 gt  gt     at org.apache.hadoop.ipc.Client.callClient.java740   at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RPCInvoker.invokeRPC.java220  at gt Proxy0.addBlockUnknown Source    at gt sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at gt sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java39 gt     at gt sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java25 gt     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java597     at gt org.apache.hadoop.io.retry.RetryInvocationHandler.invokeMethodRetryInvocationHandler.java82 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.io.retry.RetryInvocationHandler.invokeRetryInvocationHandler.java59 gt     at Proxy0.addBlockUnknown Source     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSClientDFSOutputStream.locateFollowingBlockDFSClient.java2937 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSClientDFSOutputStream.nextBlockOutputStreamDFSClient.java2819 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSClientDFSOutputStream.access2000DFSClient.java2102 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSClientDFSOutputStreamDataStreamer.runDFSClient.java2288 gt  gt 120504 161841 WARN hdfs.DFSClient Error Recovery for block null gt bad datanode[0] nodes  null 120504 161841 WARN hdfs.DFSClient gt Could not get block locations. Source file gt userhadooptestfilestestfilesfile1.txt  Aborting... gt copyFromLocal java.io.IOException File gt userhadooptestfilestestfilesfile1.txt could only be replicated to gt 0 nodes, instead of 1 120504 161841 ERROR hdfs.DFSClient gt Exception closing file userhadooptestfilestestfilesfile1.txt  gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RemoteException java.io.IOException File gt userhadooptestfilestestfilesfile1.txt could only be replicated to gt 0 nodes, instead of 1   at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.FSNamesystem.getAdditionalBlockFSNamesystem.java1271 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.NameNode.addBlockNameNode.java422 gt     at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor7.invokeUnknown Source  at gt sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java25 gt     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java597     at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RPCServer.callRPC.java508     at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.ServerHandler1.runServer.java959     at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.ServerHandler1.runServer.java955     at gt java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method  at gt javax.security.auth.Subject.doAsSubject.java396  at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.ServerHandler.runServer.java953 gt  gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RemoteException java.io.IOException File gt userhadooptestfilestestfilesfile1.txt could only be replicated to gt 0 nodes, instead of 1   at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.FSNamesystem.getAdditionalBlockFSNamesystem.java1271 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.namenode.NameNode.addBlockNameNode.java422 gt     at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor7.invokeUnknown Source  at gt sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java25 gt     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java597     at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RPCServer.callRPC.java508     at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.ServerHandler1.runServer.java959     at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.ServerHandler1.runServer.java955     at gt java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method  at gt javax.security.auth.Subject.doAsSubject.java396  at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.ServerHandler.runServer.java953 gt  gt     at org.apache.hadoop.ipc.Client.callClient.java740   at gt org.apache.hadoop.ipc.RPCInvoker.invokeRPC.java220  at gt Proxy0.addBlockUnknown Source    at gt sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at gt sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java39 gt     at gt sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java25 gt     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java597     at gt org.apache.hadoop.io.retry.RetryInvocationHandler.invokeMethodRetryInvocationHandler.java82 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.io.retry.RetryInvocationHandler.invokeRetryInvocationHandler.java59 gt     at Proxy0.addBlockUnknown Source     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSClientDFSOutputStream.locateFollowingBlockDFSClient.java2937 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSClientDFSOutputStream.nextBlockOutputStreamDFSClient.java2819 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSClientDFSOutputStream.access2000DFSClient.java2102 gt     at gt org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.DFSClientDFSOutputStreamDataStreamer.runDFSClient.java2288 codepre blockquote  pAlso when I executep  precodebinstopall.sh codepre  pIt says that datanode has not been started and thus cannot be stopped. Though, the output of strongjpsstrong says the datanode being present.p  pI tried strongformatting the namenodestrong, strongchanging owner permissionsstrong, but it does not seem to work. Hope I didnt miss any other relevant information.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 387 precodefor int iI  4 iI gt 0 iI   faAmount[iI]  faAmount[iI  1] codepre  pThis is the code its in. How can I fix thisp
Negative 387 pI have a phpapache website under my userdir, say codehttplocalhostjohnny5codep  pI have a codeencode folder with a code.htaccesscode file and a codeindex.phpcode file p  precodehomejohnny5publichtml                          somefile.php                          someotherfile.php                          en                             .htacces                             index.php codepre  pI enable url rewriting under codeencode so all the request are handled by index.php. heres the content of .htacces p  precodeOptions FollowSymLinks RewriteEngine On RewriteBase johnny5en RewriteRule . index.php codepre  h2Up to here, everything works correctly.h2  pWhen I hit, say, codehttplocalhostjohnny5enfoobarcode, the request is handled by codeenindex.phpcode.p  pNow, for testing purpose, I move the site under codevarwwwcode so I can acces it directly by codehttplocalhostcode. I adjust the code.htaccesscode file to remove the user folderp  precodeOptions FollowSymLinks RewriteEngine On RewriteBase en RewriteRule . index.php codepre  pI now have this structurep  precodevarwww         somefile.php         someotherfile.php         en             .htacces             index.php codepre  pNow, if I hit codehttplocalhostenfoobarcode, Id expect the request to be handled by codeenindex.phpcode, but all I got is a 404 not found for codeenfoobarcode.p  h2It looks like the rewrite module works under my user dir, but not under the main dir.h2  pI am missing somethingp
Negative 387 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9519841whydoesthiscssmargintopstylenotworkWhy does this CSS margintop style not worka  p blockquote    pLets say I have two DIVs, one inside the other DIV1  DIV2, and I define a marginTop property on the inner DIV, it should move DIV2 within DIV1. Instead it moves DIV1 strongandstrong DIV2 by the  of pixels from the top. Yet marginLeft properly moves DIV2 within DIV1. p  precode     DIV1     var x  document.createElementdiv     x.style.width  200px     x.style.height  200px     x.style.backgroundColor  red       DIV2     var y  document.createElementdiv     y.style.width  50px     y.style.height  50px     y.style.backgroundColor  black     y.style.marginTop  10px     y.style.marginLeft  10px      document.body.appendChildx     x.appendChildy codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comRJ3oO.png altenter image description herep  pWhy does this happenp
Negative 387 pHi I keep trying to build my project, but I keep getting 4 errors. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPXMlf.png altenter image description herep  pAny help would be greatly appreciatedp  pI definitely added the GData code correctly, and I did add the libxml2.dylib in my build phases. amp in my other linker flags I have OBjC, lxml2, allload. Thank you so muchp
Negative 387 pHave developed an app in Sencha Touch V2.This app contains a Mappa panel where there is a map, this map has been populated with markers which corresponds to the  various locationscafes that are taken from a json file.p  pThe App Map panel  functions as followsp  pOn a marker click the start and end locations textields  pops ups, where the user enters the values for the start and end locations, another click to any of the other markers results in, the directions from start and end locations being plotted onto the map. p  pWe need to implement the following functionalityp  pWe need to facilitate the directions of locations entered in google maps  plotted onto the map on a button click and also need to recreate the map instancerefresh map and place existing markers on another button clickmap clear button so as to create a new instance for the user to find directions for different start and end locations.p  pProblems that we have arep  ol liWhile defining the handler for the button click resulted in no action being performedgetting  directions handler was not functioning.li liInorder to recreate the instance of the map, we had set the map to null but that resulted in a map without markers.li ol  pCould anyone please help out in accomplishing the tasks for this app in Sencha touch version 2.p
Negative 387 pHow can I open a child window and keep the parent window active. I am using Silverlight 5 with the latest version of the toolkit.p  pI understand that playing with the brushes can help to have the background look normal but the parent window is still disabled.p  pI am trying to implement a find feature similar to a control F. I want the user to search in a child window and the matches would be displayed on the main display.p  pThank you for your help,p
Negative 387 pNeed help with code in order to make doctest pass.p  pre classlangpy prettyprintoverridecodedef reversesectionalist, start, end          Reverse the order of the items in alist between start and end inclusive     Return a new list leaving alist unchanged.     gtgtgt testlist  [1,2,3,4,5,6,7]     gtgtgt reversesectiontestlist, 1, 3     [1, 4, 3, 2, 5, 6, 7]     gtgtgt testlist     [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7]     gtgtgt reversesection[bob,sue,mary,jim,lucy], 3,4     [bob, sue, mary, lucy, jim]      codepre  pwhat i have so far p  precodealist[start]reversedalist[start1]  alist[end1] codepre
Negative 387 pHere I implemented code for file download from server. its working fine. Now I want to make my own progress bar function which calculates some data like remaining seconds data Rate per second etc. So from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1637587clibcurlconsoleprogressbar1639047comment137501481639047herea I found one way to use curl progress bar option. how we can enable this option. I completely done with this.p  pI put my code below. here in this code codemyprogressfunccode calls frequently as per curl library time interval. I want to change this interval time and make it to 1 second. is it possible in curl library using to set some options for curl libraryp  pI want to call this codemyprogressfunccode function after every 1 second.p  pCode p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltcurlcurl.hgt  long test 0  struct FtpFile    const char filename   FILE stream   long iAppend   static sizet myfwritevoid buffer, sizet size, sizet nmemb, void stream    struct FtpFile outstruct FtpFile stream   ifout ampamp outgtstream       open file for writing        outgtstreamfopenoutgtfilename, outgtiAppend  abwb     ifoutgtstream       return 1  failure, cant open file to write       outgtiAppend  nmemb   return fwritebuffer, size, nmemb, outgtstream   int myprogressfuncvoid bar,                      double t,  dltotal                        double d,  dlnow                        double ultotal,                      double ulnow      printff  f n, d, t    return 0   int mainvoid    CURL curl   CURLcode res   int c    struct FtpFile ftpfile     dev.zip,  name to store the file as if succesful      NULL,       curlglobalinitCURLGLOBALDEFAULT    curl  curleasyinit   ifcurl      curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTURL,                      sftprootxyz192.170.10.1mntxyz.tar       curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTTIMEOUT, 120L        Define our callback to get called when theres data to be written      curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTWRITEFUNCTION, myfwrite      Set a pointer to our struct to pass to the callback      curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTWRITEDATA, ampftpfile       curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTFTPPORT,        Switch on full protocoldebug output       curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTVERBOSE, 1L      curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTNOPROGRESS, 0L     curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTPROGRESSFUNCTION, myprogressfunc      res  curleasyperformcurl      printfres is dn, data get ldn, res, ftpfile.iAppend       Retry upto 100 times it timeout or connection drop occur     for c  0 res  CURLEOK ampamp c lt 100 c             curleasysetoptcurl, CURLOPTRESUMEFROM , ftpfile.iAppend         res  curleasyperformcurl         ifres  CURLEOK c 0         printfd res is dn, data get ldn,c, res, ftpfile.iAppend            always cleanup      curleasycleanupcurl      ifftpfile.stream     fcloseftpfile.stream  close the local file    curlglobalcleanup    return 0  codepre
Negative 387 pI want to pass two matrices as argument. These matrices have different size and i dont understand how i have to do this workp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt   void fint m[3][], int n  int main    int A[3][3]1,2,3,4,5, 6,7,8,9   int B[3][2]1,2,3, 4, 5, 6    fA, 3   fB, 2    return 0    void fint m[3][], int n       int i,j     fori0ilt3i            forj0jltnj        printf5d, m[i][j]          return   codepre  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 387 pI have installed Ruby 1.9.2 along with installing the rails gem.  I have now tried to create a new rails application withp  precode rails new foo T codepre  pI am immediately prompted with p  precodeThor is not available. If you ran this command from a git checkout of Rails, please make sure thor is installed codepre  pI have thor installed and I have no clue what to do. Please help.p  pemWarning, Im a rookie at this.emp
Negative 387 pIm attempting to seed a name, date pair to a table in my rails app via seed.rd... Not quite sure how to do this.. My attempt belowp  precode[[ New Years Day, 20130101 ][ Easter, 20130331]].each do holiday   Holiday.createname, date gt holiday end codepre
Negative 387 pIm reading data from a constantly updated text file, roughly around every 0.51 second. Currently I have it worked out by using the refresh header in my PHP script, and Im using jpgraph library to generate the graph. However the problem is that the graph is rather large, around 1500x900, and so the image ends up taking the entire refresh time to reload.p  pI was wondering if there is some other way that lets the graph be generated without having to send so much data to the client using jpgraph I assume that I might be using the library wrong.p  pOr should I just use a client side graph charter and give access to the text file on the server to the client sidep
Negative 387 pId like to get some sort of Top Ten list from a table a MySQL database.  Heres an example. Lets say I have this tablep  precodeID  Username    Town  1  foo         Munich  2  bar         Kolding  3  herp        Bordeaux  4  derp        Bordeaux  5  test        Cologne  6  bla         Munich  7  blob        Bordeaux codepre  pAnd now, Id like to get the most common entries in Town, like thisp  precodeBordeaux  3 Munich    2 Cologne   1 Kolding   1 codepre  pWhat kind of query can do thatp
Negative 387 pI have a fairly long page with the Facebook comments widget at the bottom. With this widget in place the page jumps to the bottom on loading in IE7 and IE8. Whenever I remove the widget the page loads normally. This doesnt happen on any other browser. Can anyone suggest any way to prevent this Ive tried appending the .fbcomments div and calling FB.XFBML.parse on it on document ready, but the behaviour in this case is the same.p
Negative 387 pIs there a C library for LSALSI Preferably MIT, BSD, Apache,... license  no GPL.p
Negative 387 pI want to write application which displays all the Alarms and Timers set in my device.p  pLets take this scenario, strongAssumptionstrong In my device there is one system Clock application and I downloaded 2 third party clock applications. p  pNow lets say, I set 3 Alarms in system clock application and 2 Alarms for each other third party application. So Now I have total 7 322 Alarms set. I want list of all those alarms in my single application. How do I get that list I searched in Alarm Manager but not helpful. Please Help. Thank you in advance.p
Negative 387 pI need to upload a file to my server. I have no prior knowledge to server side programming and need some advice I can understand. I have my file JPEG Image in a byte array in my Windows Phone app. I now need to upload it to my server. I currently have a sample that uses HttpWebRequest with post, but I do not know how to handle the data in that post from the asp page. If you could explain how to do this it would be great, but I am open to any alternatives, providing they can be used with Windows Server.p  pThe code I am currently using b is the byte array for the filep  precodevar uri  httpwww.masonbogert.infomcodedefault.aspx         var request  HttpWebRequest.Createuri         request.Method  POST         request.ContentType  imagejpeg   Change to whatever youre uploading.         request.BeginGetRequestStreamresult1 gt                      using Stream stream  request.EndGetRequestStreamresult1                              stream.Writeb, 0, b.Length                           request.BeginGetResponseresult2 gt                              var response  request.EndGetResponseresult2                  Optionally handle the response.                 var responseStream  response.GetResponseStream                 Dispatcher.BeginInvokenew readstreamdelegatereadstream, responseStream              , null           , null   codepre  pRemember, when it comes to ASP and any other server side programming I have no prior knowledge, so please explainp
Negative 387 pSigning jar in Java, I have followed these three step to sign p  ol licodekeytool genkey keystore myKeyStore alias mecodeli licodekeytool selfcert keystore myKeyStore alias mecodeli licodejarsigner keystore myKeyStore jarfile.jar mecodeli ol  pMy questions are as follows p  ol liAfter that I have run my applet, why it shows author is unknownli liI can able to give codevaliditycode no of days for my jar, what is the maximum days I can giveli ol
Negative 387 pIve been using Spring JDBCs SimpleJdbcCall. I find very helpful, but still not simple and slick enough for me. Ideally I imagine a JDBC call not being distinquishable from an ordinary Java method call.p  pSeeing that many lightweight ORM frameworks have appeared in Java lately e.g. Ebean, I wanted to ask if there is analogous development in the direction of stored proceduresp
Negative 387 pIm trying to use a Googles OAuth 2.0 for Server to Server Applications and I ran into a roadblock.p  pIt statesp  pSign the UTF8 representation of the input using SHA256withRSA also known as RSASSAPKCS1V15SIGN with the SHA256 hash function with the private key obtained from the API console. The output will be a byte array.p  pSo I got most of down using Java libraries but how do I use a String as a private key p
Negative 387 pIm trying to pass a value to a method in the delegate and return an codeNSStringcode value. For some reason, i get a property not found on delegate error. Id appreciate any help. Here is my codep  pstrongdelegate.hstrongp  precode NSString getSoundFilePathintpageNumber codepre  pstrongdelegate.mstrongp  precodeNSString getSoundFilePathintpageNumber     switch pageNumber          case 1             return soundFilePathPage1             break         case 2             return soundFilePathPage2             break         case 3             return soundFilePathPage3             break         case 4             return soundFilePathPage4             break         case 5             return soundFilePathPage5             break         case 6             return soundFilePathPage6             break          return nil  codepre  pstrongapp.mstrongp  precodeint page  1 NSString audioFilePath  appDelegate.getSoundFilePathpage  thats where i get the error codepre
Negative 387 pIm working on an android app that allows users to upload images to my server. On the selection screen, I allow them to scale the images using pinch to zoom, and then they select the image by tapping it. I ran into two problems while implementing it.p  pThe first problem I ran into was while I was using an codeOnClickListenercode to detect when the images were clicked. That prevented me from scaling the images up or down as long as my fingers were over the images. I implemented it like thisp  precodesetOnClickListenernew OnClickListener      public void onClickView arg0               ToggleSelection         invalidate       codepre  pSince I want them to still be able to scale the images even with their fingers over the images, I decided to go with my second approach. I added an codeOnTouchListenercode instead. p  precodesetOnTouchListenernew OnTouchListener      public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event               int i  event.getAction         Log.dTouchInfo123,Event action   i         switchi amp MotionEvent.ACTIONMASK                  case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP                      ToggleSelection             invalidate             break                           return false       codepre  pThen I noticed that the codeevent.getActioncode was always returning 0, the value for codeMotionEvent.ACTIONDOWNcode. So I switched to listening for the codeMotionEvent.ACTIONDOWNcode which works. Kind of.p  pThe problem Im running into now, is that when I go to scale the images, if my fingers touch one of the images, it toggles the selection which can get really annoying.p  pI would like to be able to do one of two thingsp  pUse an codeOnClickListenercode but allow my codeScaleGestureDetectorcode to scale the images even if my fingers are touching the imagesp  pstrongorstrongp  pMake the codeOnTouchListenercode work with the codeMotionEvent.ACTIONUPcode so that I know theyre not scaling when it gets the touch event fired.p  pAny suggestionsp
Negative 387 pIm trying to figure out how to properly center a tooltip under a link so its not positioned in line with the link.p  precode                   [Link]       [tooltip should appear like this]                     [Link]                    [tooltip should not appear like this] codepre  pIm also trying to figure out why my tooltip is not fading in.p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netfj4xz relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netfj4xzap
Negative 387 pI am selecting a tabbaritem and loading a view  up from the bottom of my screen, I would like to then reselect the same tabbar item to close this view.. however I am not sure how to approach this.p  pI have looked in the tabbar api and I cannot see anything that is of help and am wondering if anyone here has a good idea to achieve my desired outcome.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to find a substring in a string, but I am not achieving the results I want.p  pI have several strings that contains the direction to different directories p  precodeUsersmymacDesktoptestpythonresultfilesSample811logs,  UsersmymacDesktoptestpythonresultfilesSample81logs,  UsersmymacDesktoptestpythonresultfilesSample89logs codepre  pHere is the part of my code here I am trying to find the exact match to the substringp  precode for name in samplenames          if dire.findname1               for files in os.walkdire                  for file in files                     listfiles[]                     listfiles.appendfile                     filedict[name]listfiles codepre  pEverything works fine except that when it looks for Sample81 in the string that contains the directory, the if condition also accepts the name Sample811. How can I make it so that it makes an exact match to prevent from entering the same directory more than once p
Negative 387 pIve set up authentication with the Foursquare API and my Rails app, and now its time to add functionality. I am not too proficient with Rails  it is not my first language. I want to allow a merchant to connect with Foursquare Working and then direct the merchant to a page where they can see unique visitors to their venue, the number of checkins to the venue, and who the mayor of the venue is. I know what endpoints to use, Im just not sure how to implement them in rails. Access Token, etc.p  pThanksp  pstrongAfter Answerstrongp  pbrIm trying to implement Turd Fergusons answer, but Im not getting anywhere. I keep getting an error saying the method is undefined. I want to try a simple venue search as soon as the user is authenticated. Create Actionp  pAlso, Im using OmniAuth for authentication.p  pstrongsessionscontroller.rbstrongp  precodeclass SessionsController lt ApplicationController    require foursquare     def create     authhash  request.env[omniauth.auth]     venues  Foursquaresearchvenuesstarbucks     render text gt venues   end    def failure   end    def destroy     session[userid]  nil     render text gt Logged out   end    def callback       code  params[code]       accesstoken  foursquare.accesstokencode, callbacksessionurl       session[accesstoken]  accesstoken        redirectto examplespath   end   end codepre  pstrongfoursquare.rbstrong     class Foursquarep  precode  def self.searchvenuestext     client.searchvenuesll gt 36.142064,86.816086, query gt text   end    def self.client     client  Foursquare2Client.newclientid gt 0YO3F0JNZIPVKG1DE01MNPB132D4JZ0QYRQSOWTZQKHHOPKB, clientsecret gt GMBOGWUNL2GIKZZXQPSLE4BMFNGB5LDHQREH2UKUCK1TJ1L0   end   end codepre
Negative 387 pFirst of all, I have no experiences with ASP.NET WebForms. However, I inherited a very old WebForm application where I have to do maintenance from time to time.  This is such a situationp  pThere is a user control that has private instance variables.  The problem is, that the values of these instance variables get lost, most likely after page reload.  What I found out so far is, that it seems that the control class gets recreated frequently.  What would be helpful, would be answers to the following questionsp  ul liDo WebForm User Controls do maintain a stateli liIf yes, how is it done in general pointers to online resources for details appreciatedli liIf no, can it be implemented somehow Any samplesli ul
Negative 387 pI am generating an ssrs report in my emSilverlightem application and I need to convert the emssrs reportem to codeRadPDFViewer controlcodetelerik silverlight.  So I am saving the pdf file in the project folder using WCF.  Now i need to read the file again and bind it to emPdfviewerem.p  pSaving happens asynchronously.  How should I wait untill the file is saved and then read from the folderp  pAlso, can you please show me how to read the PDF as a Memory stream.p  pI run the following code unsuccessfully.p  precodepublic byte[] ReturnPdfstring requestUrl          HttpWebRequest req  null var buf  new byte[1024]         try                          req  HttpWebRequestWebRequest.CreaterequestUrl                  req.Credentials  CredentialCache.DefaultCredentials                  req.Method  GET var objResponse  req.GetResponse                 var stream  objResponse.GetResponseStream                 if stream  nullBinaryReader br  new BinaryReaderstream                         buf  br.ReadBytes1024                  if                 stream  null stream.Close                   catch Exception ereturn buf   private void button2Clickobject sender, EventArgs e           string baseUrl  httpabcReportServeramprsCommandRenderamprsClearSessiontrueamprsFormatPDF          const string nullString  isnulltrue           byte[] o  ReturnPdfbaseUrl          byte[] bytes  new byte[1024]         Stream s  new MemoryStreambytes   codepre
Negative 387 pImagine the following relation in CoreDatap  precodeRecipe lt  gtgt Ingredient codepre  pIm using MagicalRecord to regularly import the server database JSON API with my local CoreData database.p  pSo, if I import codeRecipe 1code with codeIngredient 1code like thisp  precode   id1,   name Recipe 1,   ingredients [     name Ingredient 1   ]  codepre  pSo for so good, MagicalRecord creates the two entities and links them together.p  pThe problem appears when the server changes to the followingp  precode   id1,   name Recipe 1,   ingredients [     name Ingredient 2 lt Notice here   ]  codepre  pWhat MagicalRecord does is create the codeIngredient 2coderecord correct, link it to be the emonlyem ingredient for codeRecipe 1codecorrect. But if I search for Ingredients, I found em2em records on my CoreData database.p  pSo the questions is, is it possible to keep track of deleted objects when importing, and deleting themp
Negative 387 pIm using widgetkit plugin Joomla CMS, for lightbox. Since widgetkit uses fancybox to display lightbox im posting a question here.p  pFancyBox works great when im not using AJAX technology to update the content of the Joomla website. When i enable AJAX, and refresh or move to another page using ajax technology lightbox effect is gone  the image itself opens in a new window. I think this is because AJAX updates the DOM and FancyBox doesnt recognize that. I do have in the plugin of AJAX code an area, where i can write certain JavaScript code, that will AJAX execute after the website is fully loaded by AJAX.  Im just wondering what should i type in there, to initialize the FancyBox to the new DOM, that AJAX just generated.p  pFor mootools lightbox if i had it i could simply write this line window.fireEventdomreadyp  pI dont know how to do that for jQuery FancyBox.p  pI also posted the same question here if anyone needs more information a hrefhttpskrij.meQv56 relnofollowhttpskrij.meQv56ap
Negative 387 pNow that it is possible to have two CLRs running on the same box, how could they talk to each otherp  pLets say that the GUI is running under .NET 2.0 CLR and there is a script running on the .NET 4.0 CLR, for example, is there a way to modify the 2.0 based GUI from the 4.0 environmentp  pI have this exact issue when I use this technique to inject an .NET C REPL environment into another .net process a hrefhttpdiniscruz.blogspot.co.uk201206videoinjectingcdllsintomanagedc.html relnofollowVideo Injecting C DLLs into Managed C and Unmanaged C processesap  hr  pNote I asked a similar a hrefhttpwww.reddit.comrdotnetcommentsvawqphowcantwonetclrloadedinthesameprocess relnofollowquestion at Reddit and that version contains large number of referencesa which will be useful if you are interested in the topic of SidebySide execution and CLR Hostingp
Negative 387 pIm not used to use Oracle, so I may not ask my question really well.p  pI execute very simple codeSELECTcode queries from an Linux Apache server with PHP 5.3 PECL Oci8 1.4.6, client 11.2.0.3.0 to an Oracle server 10g Enterprise Edition Release 10.2.0.1.0, which Im not the admin of.p  pThe codeociparsecode and codeociexecutecode take less than a millisecond, but the codeocifetcharraycodes that I do right after this are REALLY slow sometimes more than a second.p  pAt first, I tried changing the codeSELECT code by codeSELECT [all the columns I need]code, but its still slow.p  pWhat should I look to p
Negative 387 pI have an autoscrolling TableLayoutPanel to which I am dynamically adding rows. I would like for the height of each row to be 13 of the visible area of the TableLayoutPanel, i.e., the original height of the panel before it gets expanded on the addition of the 4th panel and autoscrolling kicks in. I could just calculate the height for reach row manually and set it as an absolute height, but the TableLayoutPanel could be resized. In that case I could handle the resized event and recalculate the absolute height of each row, but Im wondering if there is a better way. Is there some way to specify the row height as a percentage of the visible panel area, or should I just go the manual calculation, absolute height routep
Negative 387 pI am extending the codeSQLiteOpenHelpercode class. My constructor isp  precodepublic MyDatabaseHelperContext context      super         context,                   MyDatabase.db,  Database name         null,             Cursor factory         1                 database version       codepre  pWhat does the SQLiteOpenHelper constructor do with the context information p  pFor my application, the constructor will behave the same regardless of the program state context. Can I pass null in for the context with out any future problemsp
Negative 387 pSo I need to use the webservices of x.com p  psomething like a hrefhttpsx.com1443servicesservicexwsdl relnofollowhttpsx.com1443servicesservicexwsdla and I have been given a .p12 and .cert file and a passphrase...p  pI tried looking through the php.net pages for SoapClient but couldnt find anything...p  palso if anybody has good tutorials to do this kind of thing, theyre welcome too...p
Negative 387 pIm planning to write a new device driver on Linux kernel.The device I intend to write will be a device that will pipe the data coming into it to another computer that will be also having the same device.p  pSo in short the device will be readablewritable and should communicate through network.I know it sounds like a socket but the idea would be to implement a interface in shell so that if you type p  precode    roothost echo Hi gtgt mydevice  codepre  pwill transfer the word Hi to the system on the other side of network and may be configure it to store on file.p  pThis is a leisure time project I intend to do and it sounds much like sockets and other already existing implementations.Well the questions regarding the design for device implementations arep  pstrikep  ol liShould I use a block or a character device The advantage I see for a block device is that if I am a initiating a complete file transfer through the device which I in tend to support later, then it would be fast.strikeli liHow do I write the data on the network Im familiar with sockets and stuff, but using sockets from with in the Kernel has performance issues I read it somewhere, after all sockets was designed to be used in userspace.Will using netfilter or other stuffs work Maybe crafting the packet directly would help  Any innovations are welcomeli liHow do I configure the driver, like how do I let it know that it should connect to a specific host in user space programs we usually do this by config files , but to change the connection settings of a driver how do you manage it sysfs  Frankly I never worked with sysfs or procli liNow as the design specifies all the transfer of files is in kernel space . When I transfer huge chunks of data through kernel space, will it slow down the system The design shouldnt overload the system , doing it in a preempitble kernel will help, but are there other characteristics I should be aware of to make the design as efficient as possible Im doing it on the latest Linux kernel li liI dont want to leave a huge memory imprint so is there any way I can reduce it while transferring of data , may be caching data on disk li liI will have to design a user space programme to co ordinate the driver wont I I cannot let the driver alone do the whole task, that would be tedious.li ol
Negative 387 pWhat is the exact way of generating a Java code using WSDL in a ant build file There were so many ways given, but most of them are not reorganized by Ant.p
Negative 387 pI want to send UDP packets to my static IP code122...code where an UDP server listens on port 1213. p  precodeudpresolver resolverioserviceSend     udpresolverquery queryudpv4,122...,1213     udpendpoint receiverendpoint  resolver.resolvequery      udpsocket socketioserviceSend     socket.openudpv4      boostsharedptrltstdstringgt messagenew stdstringTransfer      socket.sendtoboostasiobuffermessage, receiverendpoint codepre  pbut this fails. Is it because i am sending it to the private port rather than sending it to the NATs port. but for TCP it works perfectly.  Can some one explain me the theory or post a good link.  p  pand my server code isp  precodeUDPTunnelUDPTunnelboostasioioserviceamp ioservice socketioservice, udpendpointudpv4, 1213  startreceive   void UDPTunnelstartreceive      socket.asyncreceivefrom             boostasiobufferrecvbuffer, remoteendpoint,             boostbindampUDPTunnelhandlereceive, this,             boostasioplaceholderserror,             boostasioplaceholdersbytestransferred     cout ltlt nUDP Started To Listening   void UDPTunnelhandlereceiveconst boostsystemerrorcodeamp error,stdsizet   cout ltlt nUDP Recieved Message  if error  error  boostasioerrormessagesize      cout ltlt nRecieved Message    codepre  pp
Negative 387 pIm designing a project which will activate and control many asynchronous actors simultaneously.p  pId like to ask, which approach should I use for more stability and scalability p  pStateless or statefulp  pAs far I as I see the difference, it looks likep  pa. Statefulp  precodeActor act  new Actor long key  act.DoSomething object what codepre  pb. Stateless p  precodeActor act  new Actor long key  act  act.DoSomethingobject what codepre  pAs I know, second way is expensive  memory reservation, etc. But this one, second approach allows to dont bother about state and locks. p  pWhat way is preferable for dotnet The goal number of actors to reach is about 100k, with 2.53 mils operations per second for one node. p  pPS Each actor has its finitestate machine to compute. p  pFor stateful its called by periodic async delegatep  pFor stateless its called on every operation in consideration of time dimension.p
Negative 387 pI have a JScrollPane that contains a JPanel of size 5000x5000 pixels. I want to limit the JScrollPane to only be able to show a subpart of this JPanel. p  pFor example the rectangle defined by the two points X,Yp  ul li500,500 upper left cornerli li3000,3000 lower right corner.li ul  pI have tried p  precode myJScrollPane.getHorizontalScrollBar.setMinimum500  codepre  pandp  precodemyJScrollPane.getHorizontalScrollBar.setMaximum3000 codepre  pBut it doesnt work. The setMinimum function only sets the position of the viewport on the scrollpane, setMaximum doesnt do anything.p
Negative 387 pI am using a hrefhttparshaw.comfullcalendardocs relnofollowjQuery Fullcalendar plugina which works great in month view.  I am now playing around with week view.  The issue is that as I move back and forth from week to week, it only seems to refetch events when the start of the week is in a new month.  So if there is a week view that is 12 of one month and 12 of a new month for example, the last week in July 2012 where it starts on July 29th but ends on August 4th, then it wont request to refetch events. It only refetches events when I click forward one more time and I am on the week of Aug 5  Aug 11.p  pThe issue is I am only loading events for 1 particular month on the server so I am not loading the first few days of the next month. See my code below where I am passing in the month and year so my server knows which data to query.p  precode.ajax   url EventCalendarGetCalEvents,   dataType json,   data      month calendar.fullCalendargetDate.getMonth  1,     year calendar.fullCalendargetDate.getUTCFullYear,   ,   success function data      callbackdata.Events     codepre  pIs this by design and I should really be returning events for the first week of the next month as well, or is this a bug Why isnt full calendar triggering an event requestp
Negative 387 pI would like to run the following basic procedure within my Maven 3.0.4 project.  I have all the basics in place and havent had any issues but am running into problems on step 3.  For some reason the basic solution is eluding me, since it seems like something that should be very obvious.p  ol liRun a basic cleaninstall without annotation processingli liRequest that a site build be runli liBefore the site build kicks off, strongrun annotation processing on the compiled classes using an annotation processor class that was compiled in the initial stepsstrongli ol  pI tried setting up the annotation processing goal as followsp  precodeltplugingt   ltgroupIdgtorg.bsc.mavenltgroupIdgt   ltartifactIdgtmavenprocessorpluginltartifactIdgt   ltexecutionsgt     ltexecutiongt       ltidgtprocessltidgt       ltgoalsgt         ltgoalgtprocessltgoalgt       ltgoalsgt       ltphasegtpresiteltphasegt       ltconfigurationgt         ltoutputDirectorygtbasedirtargetgenerateddocumentationltoutputDirectorygt         ltprocessorsgt           ltprocessorgtcom.mydomain.MyFancyAnnotationProcessorltprocessorgt         ltprocessorsgt       ltconfigurationgt     ltexecutiongt   ltexecutionsgt ltplugingt codepre  pFor some reason this doesnt seem to be working. I feel like Im doing something very, very silly that is preventing it from working.p  pI am using the a hrefhttpcode.google.compmavenannotationplugin relnofollow titleMaven Annotation PluginMaven Annotation Plugina instead of the basic, a hrefhttpmojo.codehaus.orgaptmavenplugin relnofollow titleMojo Apt PluginMojo Apt Plugina.  I dont mind switching if someone has a working solution with that one.  I tried both without any immediate signs of success.  Again, it feels like its just something obvious that Im overlooking.p  pstrongError receivedstrongp  precode[INFO] diagnostic error Annotation processor com.mydomain.MyFancyAnnotationProcessor not found [ERROR] error on execute error during compilation codepre
Negative 387 pIm using the proximity sensor in my app, and when I register the sensor I can see in the LogCat this linep  pstrong0711 171426.049 ESensorManager26240 registerListener  handle  4  name CM3663 Proximity Sensor delay 10000 Listener com.sampler.ProximitySampler408093c8strongp  pNow, I know and its verified that the a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comreferenceandroidhardwareSensor.htmlTYPEPROXIMITY relnofollowTYPEPROXIMITYa  8. Than why in the log I get that the handle  4 p  pLets say this is a normal thing, how can I get the actual sensor type from that handle number I cannot just convert this number to be the sensor type. i.e How can I know that the handle4 means TYPEPROXIMITYp  pThanksp
Negative 387 precodeMySqlCommand status      new MySqlCommandselect nameru from requeststatus where id  50, conn MySqlDataReader drstatus  status.ExecuteReader drstatus.Read MySqlCommand cmd  new MySqlCommandquery, conn dt.Loadcmd.ExecuteReader MySqlDataReader dr  cmd.ExecuteReader codepre  perrorp  blockquote   pMySqlDataReader must be closed firstp blockquote  pPlease, help...p
Negative 387 pIm developing a small application that, given a user name, it gets the user tweets. It should check for new tweets regularly. The question is how to detect new tweets p  pI use the simple way for getting tweet feed by sending get request on the link p  blockquote   pa hrefhttptwitter.comstatusesusertimelineuserName.json relnofollowhttptwitter.comstatusesusertimelineuserName.jsona. p blockquote  pNo authentication, no login, no hard stuff I need your comments also if this method has some disadvatagesp  pThen, I parse the output JSON object and get the tweets. p  pFor checking new tweets Im thinking about comparing the date of the last tweet I get with the tweet feed e.g. 5 tweets until i reach some one with a date less than or equals the last one I have.p  pSo my questions in short are p  pIs the method I use for getting tweets a good solution or have problems  Is there a better way to get the new tweets rather than the one I suggested p
Negative 387 pI love a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryb2s063f7.aspx relnofollowXML commentsa.  However, with everything collapsed, every two lines looks likep  precode[ summary ...] public void CreateUserstring username, string password[...] codepre  pMultiply this by tens or hundreds of methods, and the resulting collapsed code is hard to sift through.  strongCan I move these comments to a separate XML filestrong, and still have Visual Studio recognize the association so that they still show up in the Intellisense  If so, how do I make that association  And Im also using SandCastle to generate documentation based on these comments, so the association will have to be recognized by SandCastle as well.p
Negative 387 pI have an EJB Session bean exposed as a webservicep  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecode    Stateless     WebServiceProvider             targetNamespace  httpWSCreateAccountMovementListRequest.ws.mybank.ru,             serviceName  WSCreateAccountMovementListRequest,             portName  WSCreateAccountMovementListRequestPort,             wsdlLocation  METAINFwsdlWSCreateAccountMovementListRequestWSCreateAccountMovementListRequest.wsdl     ServiceModevalue  Service.Mode.MESSAGE     javax.jws.HandlerChainfile  handlers.xml     public class WSCreateAccountMovementListRequestImpl implements ProviderltSOAPMessagegt  ...  codepre  pThis bean is deployed on a Websphere AS 7.0.0.21. I want the services client to be able to access the wsdl in order to generate their stubs. But I faced a trouble. I can access wsdl of the deployed service with no problems,  but when I try to create a project from the wsdl in SoapUI, I get this errorp  blockquote   pError loading   [a hrefhttpexample.com9081WSCreateAccountMovementListRequestWSCreateAccountMovementListRequestMETAINFwsdlWSCreateAccountMovementListRequestWSCreateAccountMovementListRequestTypes.xsd relnofollowhttpexample.com9081WSCreateAccountMovementListRequestWSCreateAccountMovementListRequestMETAINFwsdlWSCreateAccountMovementListRequestWSCreateAccountMovementListRequestTypes.xsdap blockquote  pIf I try to view that xsd in a browser, I get the followingp  blockquote   pError Generic Error.p      pCould not generate specified XSD filep blockquote  pThe xsd file is placed in the same directory as the wsdl filein codeMETAINFwsdlWSCreateAccountMovementListRequestcode in EJB jar.p  pAny help would be appreciated.p
Negative 387 pThe fortran 2008 codedo concurrentcode construct is a do loop that tells the compiler that no iteration affect any other. It can thus be parallelized safely.p  pA valid examplep  precodeprogram main   implicit none   integer  i   integer, dimension10  array   do concurrent i 1 10     arrayi  i   end do end program main codepre  pwhere iterations can be done emin any orderem. You can read more about it a hrefhttpwww.google.frurlsatamprctjampqampesrcsampsourcewebampcd1ampved0CFcQFjAAampurlftpftp.nag.co.uksc22wg5N1701N1750N1729.pdfampeiLScHUMCxCoio0QXo06jCDQampusgAFQjCNHsTHiC6wQOuEOBhc0BCLHbA2tVhAampsig2oDMd622TdgwtwmFHYWjagherea.p  pTo my knowledge, gfortran does not automatically parallelize these codedo concurrentcode loops, while I remember a gfortrandiffusionlist mail about doing it a hrefhttpgcc.gnu.orgmlgcc201109msg00016.htmlherea. It justs transform them to classical codedocode loops.p  pstrongMy questionstrong Do you know a way to emsystematicallyem parallelize codedo concurrentcode loops For instance with a emsystematicem openmp syntaxp
Negative 387 pIm new to Doctrine 2, so Im using the documentation on a hrefhttpdocs.doctrineproject.org relnofollowdocs.doctrineproject.orga as a template to get me started. Ive generated all of the files I need I think, and now Im trying to run the commandp  precodedoctrine ormschematoolcreate codepre  pbut doctrine is spitting backp  precode[DoctrineORMMappingMappingException]                                                           Invalid mapping file QueryRequest.dcm.xml for class QueryRequest. codepre  pHeres my strongQueryRequest.dcm.xmlstrong I especially relied on a doctrine example from a hrefhttpdocs.doctrineproject.orgenlatestreferencexmlmapping.htmldefiningfields relnofollowthesea docs to generate the filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltdoctrinemapping xmlnshttpdoctrineproject.orgschemasormdoctrinemapping     xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     xsischemaLocationhttpdoctrineproject.orgschemasormdoctrinemapping                       httpraw.github.comdoctrinedoctrine2masterdoctrinemapping.xsdgt      ltentity nameRequestMetadata tablerequestmetadatagt         ltid nameid typebigintgt             ltgenerator strategyAUTO gt         ltidgt          ltfield namesnapshot columnsnapshot typesmallint nullabletrue gt         ltfield namecustID columncustid typestring length8 gt         ltfield nameipAddress columnipaddr typestring length15 gt         ltfield namequery columnquery typestring length500 gt         ltfield namecreatedOn columncreatedon typedatetime gt          ltonetomany fieldhttpRequestResponses targetentityHttpRequestResponse mappedbyqueryRequestgt             ltcascadegt                 ltcascadepersist gt             ltcascadegt             ltorderbygt                 ltorderbyfield namecreatedOn directionDESC gt             ltorderbygt         ltonetomanygt         ltonetomany fieldqueryResults targetentityQueryResults mappedbyqueryRequestgt             ltcascadegt                 ltcascadepersist gt             ltcascadegt         ltonetomanygt     ltentitygt ltdoctrinemappinggt codepre  pHeres strongQueryRequest.phpstrongp  precodeclass QueryRequest      protected id     protected snapshot     protected custID     protected ipAddress     protected query     protected createdOn      protected httpRequestResponses  null     protected queryResults  null       public function construct          thisgtsetCreatedOnnew DateTimenow         thisgthttpRequestResponses  new ArrayCollection         thisgtqueryResults  new ArrayCollection          public function getID          return thisgtid          public function getSnapshot          return thisgtsnapshot          public function setSnapshotsnapshot          thisgtsnapshot  snapshot          public function getCustID          return thisgtcustID          public function setCustIDid          thisgtcustID  id          public function getIpAddress          return thisgtipAddress          public function setIpAddressip          thisgtipAddress  ip          public function getQuery          return thisgtquery          public function setQueryquery          thisgtquery  query          public function getCreatedOn          return thisgtcreatedOn          public function setCreatedOncreatedOn          thisgtcreatedOn  createdOn       codepre  pSince Im new Im having trouble spotting the problem  in fact I dont even know for sure if the problem is with the xml file. Can anyone help me spot the problemp
Negative 387 pMy App can work with or without iCloud support.p  pIf a user connects a device to iCloud and then wants to disconnect it, its pretty easy for me to copy all data back to the local sandbox and stop using iCloud, and this device wont contribute anything new to iCloud anymore. However, changes from other devices will still be received although not handled on this device.p  pIs there a way to completely disconnect the device from iCloud, so that new changes wont be receivedp
Negative 387 pI am saving dates in a file in the following format as a string.p  precodeSat Jul 21 233155 EDT 2012 codepre  pHow can I check if 24 hours have passed I am a beginner so please explain it a little bit p
Negative 387 pi have two dependent jobs. i need help for groovy script in jenkins, for writing pre send script for codeemailextcode plugin.p  pi want to check whether buid reason is upstream cause, then set cancel codevariabletruecodep  pBut i dont know how to write if condition in groovy for jenkins..For seperate jobs, will there be any seperate classes in jenkinsso i can create instance and call upstream causep  pis there any way to check build cause of downstream job is due to  upstream..p  pPlease help me on this code snippet..p
Negative 387 precodeUbuntu ls 1 codepre  pfile1 file2p  precodeUbuntu ls 1  xargs I echo n  codepre  pfile1file1file1file2file2file2p  pWhy dont I get the result in this order  file1file2file1file2file1fil2p
Negative 387 pat the moment im trying to play around with JNI.p  pMy JavaCode p  precodepublic class test static      System.loadLibrarywakeup64    public static native boolean setWakeupTimeDate date  public static void set     Date d  new Date     setWakeupTimed     codepre  pCCodep  precodeinclude ltjni.hgt include cppinterface.h include ltstdio.hgt  JNIEXPORT void JNICALL JavatestsetWakeupTime   JNIEnv env, jclass cl, jobject date      printftest        int main     codepre  pThe code compiles fine but if I run my java Class im getting an exceptionaccessviolationp  precode  A fatal error has been detected by the Java Runtime Environment    EXCEPTIONACCESSVIOLATION 0xc0000005 at pc0x000000000000c038, pid7456, tid4640   JRE version 7.003b05  Java VM Java HotSpotTM 64Bit Server VM 22.1b02 mixed mode windowsamd64     compressed oops  Problematic frame  C  0x000000000000c038   Failed to write core dump. Minidumps are not enabled by default on client versions of     Windows   If you would like to submit a bug report, please visit    httpbugreport.sun.combugreportcrash.jsp  The crash happened outside the Java Virtual Machine in native code.  See problematic frame for where to report the bug.     T H R E A D    Current thread 0x000000000211b000  JavaThread main [threadinnative, id4640,     stack0x0000000002290000,0x0000000002390000]  siginfo ExceptionCode0xc0000005, ExceptionInformation0x0000000000000008 0x000000000000c038  Registers RAX0x0000000000000000, RBX0x0000000000000015, RCX0x00000000fffffff4,     RDX0x000000014000d040 RSP0x000000000238f668, RBP0x000000000238f858, RSI0x0000000000000001, RDI0x00000000000000fc R8 0x000000000238f878, R9 0x00000000065cc490, R100x00000000023a21bc, R110x000000005b958940 R120x0000000000000000, R130x000000073b0739e0, R140x000000014000d570, R150x000000000211b000 RIP0x000000000000c038, EFLAGS0x0000000000010246  Top of Stack sp0x000000000238f668 0x000000000238f668   0000000140002cd9 000000000238f7c0 0x000000000238f678   000000005b922181 000000000211bd88 0x000000000238f688   000000000211b000 0000000000000003 0x000000000238f698   000000000211ba90 000000000238f878 0x000000000238f6a8   0000000140002d60 0000000000000011 0x000000000238f6b8   000000000211b000 000000014000d750 0x000000000238f6c8   000000073b0739e0 000000000211b990 0x000000000238f6d8   0000000140004374 000000000211bd88 0x000000000238f6e8   0000000000000004 000000000238f7c0 0x000000000238f6f8   00000000023ad623 000000073b0739e0 0x000000000238f708   0000000140004453 0000000000000022 0x000000000238f718   000000073b073730 000000014000d750 0x000000000238f728   000000000211b000 000000000238f7c8 0x000000000238f738   00000001400015e2 000000014000d040 0x000000000238f748   0000000140001000 000000000238f858 0x000000000238f758   0000000000000000 000000073b0739e0   Instructions pc0x000000000000c038 0x000000000000c018    [error occurred during error reporting printing registers, top of stack, instructions near pc, id 0xc0000005]  Register to memory mapping  RAX0x0000000000000000 is an unknown value RBX0x0000000000000015 is an unknown value RCX0x00000000fffffff4 is an unknown value RDX0x000000014000d040 is an unknown value RSP0x000000000238f668 is pointing into the stack for thread 0x000000000211b000 RBP0x000000000238f858 is pointing into the stack for thread 0x000000000211b000 RSI0x0000000000000001 is an unknown value RDI0x00000000000000fc is an unknown value R8 0x000000000238f878 is pointing into the stack for thread 0x000000000211b000 R9 0x00000000065cc490 is an unknown value R100x00000000023a21bc is an Interpreter codelet method entry point kind  native  [0x00000000023a1f40, 0x00000000023a27c0]  2176     bytes R110x000000005b958940 is an unknown value R120x0000000000000000 is an unknown value R130x000000073b0739e0 is an oop method    klass other class R140x000000014000d570 is an unknown value R150x000000000211b000 is a thread   Stack [0x0000000002290000,0x0000000002390000],  sp0x000000000238f668,  free space1021k Native frames Jcompiled Java code, jinterpreted, VvVM code, Cnative code C  0x000000000000c038 j  test.printV9 j  Main.main[LjavalangStringV10 v  StubRoutinescallstub  Java frames Jcompiled Java code, jinterpreted, VvVM code j  wecker.setWakeupTimeLjavautilDateZ0 j  wecker.printV9 j  Main.main[LjavalangStringV10 v  StubRoutinescallstub    P R O C E S S    Java Threads  gt current thread    0x00000000065a9000 JavaThread Service Thread daemon [threadblocked, id5300,     stack0x0000000007840000,0x0000000007940000]   0x00000000065a7800 JavaThread C2 CompilerThread1 daemon [threadblocked, id7416,     stack0x0000000007690000,0x0000000007790000]   0x0000000006594000 JavaThread C2 CompilerThread0 daemon [threadblocked, id4656, stack0x00000000074d0000,0x00000000075d0000]   0x0000000006591000 JavaThread Attach Listener daemon [threadblocked, id5864, stack0x00000000073b0000,0x00000000074b0000]   0x000000000658c000 JavaThread Signal Dispatcher daemon [threadblocked, id7252, stack0x0000000007260000,0x0000000007360000]   0x0000000002067000 JavaThread Finalizer daemon [threadblocked, id2840, stack0x0000000007060000,0x0000000007160000]   0x000000000205e800 JavaThread Reference Handler daemon [threadblocked, id8056,     stack0x0000000006e30000,0x0000000006f30000] gt0x000000000211b000 JavaThread main [threadinnative, id4640,     stack0x0000000002290000,0x0000000002390000]  Other Threads   0x0000000002055000 VMThread [stack 0x0000000006c00000,0x0000000006d00000] [id8016]   0x00000000065c2000 WatcherThread [stack 0x0000000007a70000,0x0000000007b70000] [id6884]  VM statenot at safepoint normal execution  VM MutexMonitor currently owned by a thread None  Heap  PSYoungGen      total 57344K, used 983K [0x00000007c0000000, 0x00000007c4000000,     0x0000000800000000   eden space 49152K, 2 used [0x00000007c0000000,0x00000007c00f5c98,0x00000007c3000000   from space 8192K, 0 used [0x00000007c3800000,0x00000007c3800000,0x00000007c4000000   to   space 8192K, 0 used [0x00000007c3000000,0x00000007c3000000,0x00000007c3800000  PSOldGen        total 131072K, used 0K [0x0000000740000000, 0x0000000748000000, 0x00000007c0000000   object space 131072K, 0 used [0x0000000740000000,0x0000000740000000,0x0000000748000000  PSPermGen       total 21248K, used 2569K [0x000000073ae00000, 0x000000073c2c0000, 0x0000000740000000   object space 21248K, 12 used [0x000000073ae00000,0x000000073b0827c8,0x000000073c2c0000  Code Cache  [0x0000000002390000, 0x0000000002600000, 0x0000000005390000  totalblobs169 nmethods0 adapters136 freecodecache48773Kb     largestfreeblock49943680  Dynamic libraries 0x000000013f530000  0x000000013f563000     CWindowssystem32java.exe 0x0000000077730000  0x00000000778d9000     CWindowsSYSTEM32ntdll.dll 0x0000000077610000  0x000000007772f000     CWindowssystem32kernel32.dll 0x000007fefde10000  0x000007fefde7c000     CWindowssystem32KERNELBASE.dll 0x00000000707d0000  0x000000007081a000     DProgram FilesAVAST     SoftwareAvastsnxhk64.dll 0x000007feff7f0000  0x000007feff8cb000     CWindowssystem32ADVAPI32.dll 0x000007fefe7b0000  0x000007fefe84f000     CWindowssystem32msvcrt.dll 0x000007feff970000  0x000007feff98f000     CWindowsSYSTEM32sechost.dll 0x000007fefe3e0000  0x000007fefe50d000     CWindowssystem32RPCRT4.dll 0x0000000077510000  0x000000007760a000     CWindowssystem32USER32.dll 0x000007fefe360000  0x000007fefe3c7000     CWindowssystem32GDI32.dll 0x000007fefe3d0000  0x000007fefe3de000     CWindowssystem32LPK.dll 0x000007fefe900000  0x000007fefe9c9000     CWindowssystem32USP10.dll 0x000007fefc360000  0x000007fefc554000         CWindowsWinSxSamd64microsoft.windows.common    controls6595b64144ccf1df6.0.7601.17514nonefa396087175ac9acCOMCTL32.dll 0x000007fefe9d0000  0x000007fefea41000     CWindowssystem32SHLWAPI.dll 0x000007feffa10000  0x000007feffa3e000     CWindowssystem32IMM32.DLL 0x000007fefe250000  0x000007fefe359000     CWindowssystem32MSCTF.dll 0x0000000062860000  0x0000000062931000     DProgram FilesJavajre7binmsvcr100.dll 0x000000005b7a0000  0x000000005be7a000     DProgram     FilesJavajre7binserverjvm.dll 0x000007fefabf0000  0x000007fefabf9000     CWindowssystem32WSOCK32.dll 0x000007fefe850000  0x000007fefe89d000     CWindowssystem32WS232.dll 0x000007feff7e0000  0x000007feff7e8000     CWindowssystem32NSI.dll 0x000007fefbc40000  0x000007fefbc7b000     CWindowssystem32WINMM.dll 0x0000000077900000  0x0000000077907000     CWindowssystem32PSAPI.DLL 0x0000000062a10000  0x0000000062a1f000     DProgram FilesJavajre7binverify.dll 0x00000000629e0000  0x0000000062a08000     DProgram FilesJavajre7binjava.dll 0x00000000629c0000  0x00000000629d5000     DProgram FilesJavajre7binzip.dll 0x0000000140000000  0x0000000140012000             CUsersxxworkspacetestsrcwakeup64.dll  VM Arguments javacommand Main Launcher Type SUNSTANDARD  Environment Variables PATHCProgram Files x86AMD APPbinx8664CProgram Files x86AMD     APPbinx86DProgram FilesCommon FilesMicrosoft SharedWindows LiveDProgram Files     x86Common FilesMicrosoft SharedWindows     LiveCWindowssystem32CWindowsCWindowsSystem32WbemCWindowsSystem32WindowsPow    erShellv1.0CProgram Files x86ATI TechnologiesATI.ACECoreStaticCProgram     Files x86Windows LiveSharedDProgram Filesx86Androidandroidsdkplatform    toolsCProgram FilesATI TechnologiesATI.ACECoreStaticDProgram     FilesJavajdk1.7.002binDMinGWbinDProgram Files x86Microsoft Visual Studio     9.0VCbin USERNAMExx OSWindowsNT PROCESSORIDENTIFIERAMD64 Family 16 Model 5 Stepping 2, AuthenticAMD      S Y S T E M    OS Windows 7 , 64 bit Build 7601 Service Pack 1  CPUtotal 4 4 cores per cpu, 1 threads per core family 16 model 5 stepping 2, cmov, cx8, fxsr, mmx, sse, sse2, sse3, popcnt, mmxext, 3dnowpref, lzcnt, sse4a  Memory 4k page, physical 12581048k7862816k free, swap 25160244k19112368k free  vminfo Java HotSpotTM 64Bit Server VM 22.1b02 for windowsamd64 JRE 1.7.003b05, built on Feb  3 2012 204356 by javare with unknown MS VC1600  time Sun Jul 29 010223 2012 elapsed time 0 seconds codepre  panyone allready encountered this Any help would be appreciated.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pI have been trying to make it so that when you hover over any part in the box then the boxhover div will fadein to opacity 0.7 so that it looks mostly black but little transparent. But nothing I have done is working. And I dont want to assign it with ID since there will be more boxes.p  pHere is the code I am trying to make a hrefhttppastebin.com3ZRcrx57 relnofollowhttppastebin.com3ZRcrx57ap  pThanksp
Negative 387 pIm trying to get an mp3 file and save it on the phone memory not the SD card then play it immediately with the Media Player. This code worked well when I used it to do the same thing on the SD card previously so it seems there may be some mistakes in the location where I save and read the mp3.p  pHere is my codep  precodetry               MediaPlayer player  new MediaPlayer             URI uri  null             try                  uri  new URI                         httptranslate.google.comtranslatettstl                                  oLanguage  ampq  text              catch URISyntaxException e                  e.printStackTrace                           String FileName  Audio2.mp3             URL u  new URLuri.toASCIIString             HttpURLConnection c  HttpURLConnection u.openConnection             c.setRequestMethodGET             c.setDoOutputtrue             c.connect            FileOutputStream f  new FileOutputStreamnew File                   Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory                            download  FileName              FileOutputStream f  openFileOutputFileName, MODEPRIVATE                             InputStream in  c.getInputStream             byte[] buffer  new byte[1024]             int len1  0             while len1  in.readbuffer gt 0                  f.writebuffer, 0, len1                          f.close            player.setDataSourceEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectory                        download  FileName              player.setDataSourcedatadatacom.commfiles  FileName                           player.prepare             player.start codepre  pLogcatp  precode        0730 122347.319 WMediaPlayer22426 infowarning 1, 26     0730 122347.319 EMediaPlayer22426 error 1, 4     0730 122347.319 WSystem.err22426 java.io.IOException Prepare failed. status0x1     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at android.media.MediaPlayer.prepareNative Method     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at com.comm.Connect.TextConnect.java396     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at com.comm.Connect7.onClickConnect.java233     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at android.view.View.performClickView.java2485     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java9080     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java587     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java130     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java3687     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java507     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java867     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java625     0730 122347.329 WSystem.err22426    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pAnd finally do I need to specify any permissions to allow me save to the phone memoryp
Negative 387 pI have to maintain list of events generated by the user in a codeJTablecode.The codeJTablecode consists of 2 columns emTimeem and emeventem and 5 rows. When 1st event is generated its data must be placed in 1st row of codeJTablecode, when 2nd event is generated the data in 1st row must be moved to 2nd row and the data of 2nd event must be place in the 1st row of the codeJTabelcode and so on up to 5th row. There is no limit to the eventsn events can be generated. But i have to display only 5 events in codeJTablecode and older once will be stored in text file. I have tried some logics but they are failed to work. p  pThis is my problem. Can any one give me an idea how to move rows downwards...p  pRegards... Upendra.Sp
Negative 387 pI am trying to start documenting an small Python project with Sphinx.p  pI created a codesamplecode.rstcode where I would try to organize and autogenerate the documentation for one of my classes emMyClass.pyem. p  pThis is part of that codesamplecode.rstcodep  precodeMyClass.py  .. autoclass backlib.classes.MyClass    members codepre  pBut when I try to execute codemake htmlcode, I get an Import Error and the codeMyClasscode is not imported showing an empty entry for codeMyClasscode in the generated .htmlp  precodeTraceback most recent call lastde                                                                                                                                                                                   File usrlibpymodulespython2.7sphinxextautodoc.py, line 329, in importobject     importself.modname   File homeborrajaxProjectsmyProjectbacklibclassesMyClass.py, line 4, in ltmodulegt     from backlib.database import BaseClass [ ... ]     from grokcore.component import sortcomponents ImportError cannot import name sortcomponents codepre  p... and a bit later...p  precodehomeborrajaxProjectsmyProjectdocssourcesamplecode.rst16 WARNING2 autodoc cant importfind module backlib.classes.MyClass, it reported error cannot import name sortcomponents, please check your spelling and sys.path  homeborrajaxProjectsmyProjectdocssourcesamplecode.rst19 WARNING2 dont know which module to import for autodocumenting uMyClass try placing a module or currentmodule directive in the document, or giving an explicit module name codepre  pThat codegrokcorecode thing that is messing up with my life is a module that gets installed in codeHOME.buildouteggscode and that I havent created nor I need to document.p  pI have added all the eggs found in codeHOME.buildouteggscode to the Pythonpath in the Sphinxs codeconf.pycode file but that didnt fix anything so now Im trying a different approach giving up so here goes the question Can I do something to skip this kind of errors p  pI just want the comments in codehomeborrajaxProjectsmyProjectbacklibclassesMyClass.pycode to show in a pretty html page, thats all.p  pThank you in advancep
Negative 387 pi am using the following method to assign value to label or textbox First i take dropdownlist then i use databound then i assign dropdownlist value to a label or textbox.p  precodeltaspDropDownList IDDropDownList1 runatserver          DataSourceIDA DataTextFieldRegisno DataValueFieldRegisnogt     ltaspDropDownListgt   ltaspAccessDataSource IDA runatserver DataFileAppDataDatabase.mdb              SelectCommandSELECT [Regisno] FROM [tblsignupv] WHERE [Email]  gt             ltSelectParametersgt                 ltaspSessionParameter NameEmail SessionFieldUser TypeString gt             ltSelectParametersgt         ltaspAccessDataSourcegt codepre  pI want to know a method to assign value to label or textbox directly from database using c codep  pthnx in advancep
Negative 387 pHere is my queryp  precodeSELECT t.id AS t0c0  , news.id AS t2c0  , news.title AS t2c1  , news.url AS t2c2  , news.date AS t2c3  , news.hash AS t2c4  , news.listid AS t2c5 FROM words t LEFT OUTER JOIN wordsnews newsnews ON t.id  newsnews.wordid LEFT OUTER JOIN news news ON news.id  newsnews.newsid WHERE   t.id IN 8229, 8574, 7901 codepre  pand I need to select only 5 news from codenewscode table, but dont know how, how should I write the query p
Negative 387 pI cant run my PyCharm IDE using port 80. I need to use PayPal that requires me to use port 80. But using Mac OS X 10.8 I cant have it working because of permission issues. Ive already tried running PyCharm with SUDO command.p  pDoes anyone know how to run Pycharm using port 80, or any other solutionp  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pI havep  precode    a1.addClassplay     a3.addClassplay     a5.addClassplay       a16.addClassplay     b3.addClassplay codepre  pSo decided it was best to use something likep  precodevar doStringm7,m7,a1,b2,c3,p16,o15,n14,d8,e7,g5,i4,l4,n6,o8,n10,m11,k12,i11,i13,k15,l16,f9 var strArray1  doString.split, console.logdoString console.logstrArray1  .eachstrArray1, functioni, elem       console.logelem      elem.addClassplay  not working  codepre  pBut cant figure the correct parameter to add the class to each element.p  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 387 pI want such a routing tablep  precodesearch gt searchhome  Without GET params, call action home. search gt searchresult  Call result action when search has params. codepre  pIs it possible to do thatp
Negative 387 pI am trying to take the value of a text box on a user form and assign it to a string variable, then insert hyphens into that string variable using the String classs Insert method. Every time I run this code, I get an error Invalid Qualifier with AcctUnitString highlighted.p  precodeDim AcctUnitString As String  AcctUnitString  AcctUnit.Text AcctUnitString  AcctUnitString.Insert2,   Debug.Print AcctUnitString codepre  pAcctUnit is the name of the text field on the user form. Any ideas what might be causing this error, or a better way of doing what Im trying to dop  pThe user will enter a 13 digit code in the text box example 9200030015001 and I want to format it thusly 9200030015001. Any help is greatly appreciated. Thanksp
Negative 387 pA codeprojectcode has many codetaskscode. A codetaskcode can be handled by one of many codeuserscode. For examplep  precodeProject    Task      By        P1        T1       U1             T2       U2   P2        T1       U3             T2       U4             T3       U5   P3        T1       U1             T2       U3             T3       U5   P4        T1       U1             T2       U3 codepre  pHow can I query the codecount ofcode, the strongemlastemstrong task in projects handled by users The output report is expected asp  precode  Task   By   Count           T2    U2     1    T2    U3     1    T3    U5     2 codepre  pUPDATE for Deefours comment Here is what I did to get count of strongemlastemstrong task but not sure how to get the strongBystrong columnp  precodeself.findbysqlselect taskid, counttaskid as count from          select taskid         from                  select  from tasks order by createdat desc                       taskssorted          group by projectid       latesttasks  group by taskid codepre
Negative 387 pIs there any support for Annotations in Guava Library like Spring a hrefhttpstatic.springsource.orgspringdocs3.1.xjavadocapiorgspringframeworkcoreannotationAnnotationUtils.html relnofollowcodeAnnotationUtilscodea class p
Negative 387 pLets say your writing a PHP application that will be hosted in a loadbalancedmultiserver setup. What are the things you need to know in order to ensure smooth operation Right now the only thing I think will be an issue is PHP sessions i.e., you must use a custom database handler for it. Anything elsep
Negative 387 pI was wondering how I can program a button in my android application to createmake a new button in a different xmlclass Can someone help me with this Any help appreciated. Thanks.p
Negative 387 pAs seen in this a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netaknuds1bCNcj relnofollowjsFiddlea, I have a function init that configures a button so that when clicked it opens a progress dialog and issues an Ajax call. I want to unit test this JavaScript code using a hrefhttpqunitjs.com relnofollowQUnita, and check the following casesp  ol liAjax call succeedsli liAjax call failsli ol  pI need to mock out at least the Ajax call and the call to codewindow.opencode, and other calls Im sure, depending on unit test implementation.p  pHow can I write QUnit unit tests for my code that tests these two scenariosp  pstrongEDITstrong The code that needs to be testedp  precodevar statusmod  function      var spinner  spinner      var init  functionid          var progressDialog  progressdialogcontent.dialog             autoOpen false,             title Launching Status Page                  var errorDialog  errordialogcontent.dialog             autoOpen false,             modal true,             buttons                  OK function                      this.dialogclose                                                 var btn  buttonstatus         btn.button.clickfunction              spinner.show              progressDialog.dialogopen              var url  .validator.formatapibinidid0, id              Call Web service to get binary ID             .ajax                 url url,                 dataType json             .donefunctiondata                  window.open.validator.formathttpstatusPageStatusampId0, data.Id, target  newtab             .failfunctionjqXHR, msg, errorThrown                  errorDialog.dialogopen             .alwaysfunction                  progressDialog.dialogclose                           return false                    return          init init,         spinner spinner       codepre
Negative 387 pI have this reverse function which works in english,p  pHowever it doesnt work with hebrew, p  precodeReversestring  length  StrLenstring Loop, parse, string  loc  AbsAIndex  length  1 revlocloc  ALoopField  Loop length final . revlocAindex return final  ReverseByAddressaddress,len    Loop  len       out.ChrNumGetaddress0,lenAindex,Char        Return out   m ClipSaved  ClipboardAll  text.new line of some textn text Clipboard clipboard  Reversetext send, v codepre  pAny help with making this work with Unicode will be appreciated.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to create a job in java play2 using akka.p  pI always get the same error codeerror cannot find symbolcodep  pAnd it points to codesystem.actorOfcode Intellij and Eclipse dont give me an error msg.p  pBut I can not find this method. I used the following importsp  precodeimport play.libs.Akka import akka.actor.ActorSystem import akka.actor.ActorRef import akka.actor.UntypedActorFactory import akka.actor.UntypedActor import akka.actor.Props import akka.actor.ActorRefFactory codepre  pMaybe the docs are outdated and they have removed the codesystem.actorOfcode p  precodepublic class Global extends GlobalSettings       ActorRef tickActor  system.actorOfnew Props.withCreatornew UntypedActorFactory            public UntypedActor create              return new UntypedActor                public void onReceiveObject message                  if message.equalsLog                    controllers.Application.log                  else                    unhandledmessage                                                                       Override     public void onStartApplication app          Cancellable cancellable  system.scheduler.scheduleDuration.Zero, Duration.create10, TimeUnit.SECONDS,                 tickActor, Log        codepre  pEDITp  p.p  poh... google redirected me to the outdated documentation. Its codeAkka.Systemcode now..p  ul liCan anyone give me an example on how to create the tickActor with up2date codeli ul  pa hrefhttpwww.playframework.orgdocumentation2.0.2JavaAkka relnofollowhttpwww.playframework.orgdocumentation2.0.2JavaAkkaap
Negative 387 pHey guys I am having a VERY difficult time with a specific problem in hand. Im trying to create a database driven chat room that fetches posts with AJAX. However, when calling to fetch data with AJAX, I get an undefined index warning. I use the setinterval function to call the javascript function that contains the AJAX. I get this warning when the timing of the setinverval function is reached. How can I code this so when that variable is empty and the setinterval function is reached, I stop getting the warning Thanks in advance to all who will help. Btw this is my very first post so if additional information is needed please let me know. Thanks againp  phere is the chatRoom.php filep  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.org TRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltheadgt lttitlegtChat  Customer Modulelttitlegt ltlink typetextcss relstylesheet hrefstyle.css gt  ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery 1.3jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt  jQuery Document document.readyfunction If user submits the form submitmsg.clickfunction        var clientmsg  usermsg.val     .postpost.php, text clientmsg                   usermsg.attrvalue,      return false   Load the file containing the chat log function loadLog          var oldscrollHeight  chatbox.attrscrollHeight  20     .ajax         url log.php,         cache false,         success functionhtml                     chatbox.htmlhtml                     Insert chat log into thechatboxdiv                            var newscrollHeight  chatbox.attrscrollHeight     20             ifnewscrollHeight gt oldscrollHeight chatbox.animatescrollTopnewscrollHeight,normal    Autoscroll to  bottom of div                                            setInterval loadLog, 1500    Reload file every 2.5 seconds  If user wants to end session exit.clickfunction     var exit  confirmAre you sure you want to end the session     ifexittruewindow.location  index.phplogouttrue         ltscriptgt  ltheadgt ltphp     includefunctions.php      sessionstart gt  ltdiv idwrappergt ltdiv idmenugt     ltp classwelcomegtWelcome, ltbgtltphp echo SESSION[user] gtltbgtltpgt     ltp classlogoutgtlta idexit hrefgtExit Chatltagtltpgt     ltdiv styleclearbothgtltdivgt ltdivgt   ltdiv idchatboxgt         ltphp             loadPosts         gt     ltdivgt  ltform namemessage actiongt     ltinput nameusermsg typetext idusermsg size63 gt     ltinput namesubmitmsg typesubmit  idsubmitmsg valueSend gt ltformgt ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pHere is the php.post filep  precodelt includefunctions.php sessionstart ifissetSESSION[user] text  POST[text]      uName  SESSION[user]     time  datehi A      postCommenttime, uName, text         gt codepre  pThe functions.php filep  precodeltphp includeconnect.php function loadPosts      query  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM chat or diemysqlerror      ifmysqlnumrowsquery  0         echo No Posts Were Found           whilepost  mysqlfetchassocquery              echo  . post[time] .  ltbgt . post[user] . ltbgt  . post[text] . ltbr gt         function postCommenttime, userN, userMessage     mysqlqueryINSERT INTO chat  Valuesnull, time, userN, userMessage or diemysqlerror   function exitChat     headerLocation index.php   gt codepre  pFinally the new file log.phpp  precodeltphp includefunctions.php sessionstart ifissetSESSION[user]     loadPosts     gt codepre
Negative 387 pNot sure what is causing this.p  pI tested this on my W7 computer at home in Chrome, FF, and IE, with no issues. I have also looked it up on my Droid, still no issues.p  pIm at work on a XP machine, and this is how it displays in Chromep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comuZhmZ.jpg altenter image description herep  pIt displays fine on my XP machine in FF and IE.p  pAny cluesp  pEdit Page upon request a hrefhttpwww.terrencebowman.com relnofollowwww.terrencebowman.coma Still in development, obviouslyp
Negative 387 pIve tried to find an answer to this using SO. There are a number of questions that list the various pros and cons of building a headeronly library in c, but I havent been able to find one that does so in quantifiable terms.p  pstrongSo, in quantifiable terms, whats different between using traditionally separated c header and implementation files versus header onlystrongp  pFor simplicity, Im assuming that templates are not used because they require header only.p  pTo elaborate, Ive listed what I have seen from the articles to be the pros and cons. Obviously, some are not easily quantifiable such as ease of use, and are therefore useless for quantifiable comparison. Ill mark those that I expect quantifiable metrics with a quantifiable.p  pstrongPros for headeronlystrongp  ol liIts easier to include, since you dont need to specify linker options in your build system.li liYou always compile all the library code with the same compiler options as the rest of your code, since the librarys functions get inlined in your code.li liemIt may be a lot faster. quantifiableemli liemMay give compilerlinker better opportunities for optimization explanationquantifiable, if possibleemli liIs required if you use templates anyways.li ol  pstrongCons for headeronlystrongp  ol liemIt bloats the code. quantifiable how does that affect both execution time and the memory footprintemli liemLonger compile times. quantifiableemli liLoss of separation of interface and implementation.li liSometimes leads to hardtoresolve circular dependencies.li liPrevents binary compatibility of shared librariesDLLs.li liIt may aggravate coworkers who prefer the traditional ways of using C.li ol  pAny examples that you can use from larger, open source projects comparing similarlysized codebases would be very much appreciated. Or, if you know of a project that can switch between headeronly and separated versions using a third file that includes both, that would be ideal. Anecdotal numbers are useful too because they give me a ballpark with which I can gain some insight.p  psources for pros and consp  ul lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma6200793278976httpstackoverflow.coma6200793278976a   li lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma1783905278976httpstackoverflow.coma1783905278976ali ul  pThanks in advance...p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pFor anyone that may be reading this later and is interested in getting a bit of background information on linking and compiling, I found these resources usefulp  ul liChapter 7 of a hrefhttprads.stackoverflow.comamznclick0136108040httpwww.amazon.comComputerSystemsProgrammersPerspectiveEditiondp0136108040ali lia hrefhttpwww.yolinux.comTUTORIALSLibraryArchivesStaticAndDynamic.htmlhttpwww.yolinux.comTUTORIALSLibraryArchivesStaticAndDynamic.htmlali lia hrefhttpwww.cyberciti.biztipslinuxsharedlibrarymanagement.htmlhttpwww.cyberciti.biztipslinuxsharedlibrarymanagement.htmlali ul  pstrongUPDATE in response to the comments belowstrongp  pJust because answers may vary, doesnt mean that measurement is useless. You have to start measuring as some point. And the more measurements you have, the clearer the picture is. What Im asking for in this question is not the whole story, but a glimpse of the picture. Sure, anyone can use numbers to skew an argument if they wanted to unethically promote their bias. However, if someone is curious about the differences between two options and publishes those results, I think that information is useful.p  pHas no one been curious about this topic, enough to measure itp  pI love the shootout project. We could start by removing most of those variables. Only use one version of gcc on one version of linux. Only use the same hardware for all benchmarks. Do not compile with multiple threads.p  pThen, we can measurep  ul liexecutable sizeli liruntimeli limemory footprintli licompile time for both entire project and by changing one fileli lilink timeli ul
Negative 387 pI have a class called initialize that runs at the beginning of my program. Originally I explicitly hard coded all the classes that it was supposed to instantiate but I would like to make it more generic and remove the hard coded classes so I can mark the class closed for modification.p  pMy first thought was to create a queue of Types that my initialize class would cycle through and instantiate all the Types that are in the queue. p  pI then wanted to decide on a per class basis if it should be added to the queue or not. By adding itself to the queue from within the class. The problem is that I cant add a class to the queue unless it is already been instantiated. I know that variables can be initialized before running but obviously not methods. So Im stuck on figuring out weather what I would like to do is possible on not. p  pSomething along the Lines ofp  precodeMyClass    initalize.instance.EnqueuetypeofMyClass  codepre
Negative 387 pI am attempting to evaluate a literal as an expression in Scheme using Guile currently.  Examplep  precodedefine x  6 6 define y evaluateliteral x      Expected result  y  12 codepre  pHere, codeevaluateliteralcode is a placeholder for what Im looking for.  Is there a lisp functionidiom that allows this to be done  The reason why I need to do this is because the expression may be invalid at the time of definition, but would be a valid expression later when it is evaluated.p  hr  pCurrently my workaround solution is to use codedelaycode and codeforcecode but its not very elegantp  precodedefine x delay  6 6 define y force x codepre
Negative 387 pHello i have this scenario currently i have 3 default sections. strongAstrong , strongBstrong and strongCstrong, What Im trying to do is every time i add a new student it should check if the strongsectionstrong is  full if so it should progress to the next section. eg. when strongAstrong is full the student is automatically inserted to strongBstrong same goes to strongBstrong and strongCstrong. So far my strongtblsectionstrong is structured like thisp  precode     tblsection      sectionid      sectionname      schoolyear      adviserid      yearlevel codepre  pWill this structure suffice do i need to add a field for example quantity on strongtblsecionstrong so that everytime i add a new student to that strongsectionstrong it would increase the quantity. Would appreciate any help. On how can i perform this.p  pEDIT or should i link my strongSELECTstrong with my strongtblstudentsstrong to check how many are in a strongsectionstrongp
Negative 387 pIm trying to make an application which notifies the user when he enters  certain region. I did it when the application is active but I dont know how to make it in background. Could any one help mebr here is the code Ive usedp  precodeself.locationManager  [[[CLLocationManager alloc] init] autorelease] locationManager.delegate  self  locationManager.desiredAccuracykCLLocationAccuracyBestForNavigation   [locationManager startUpdatingLocation]  if [CLLocationManager regionMonitoringAvailable] ampamp [CLLocationManager regionMonitoringEnabled]         loc  CLLocationCoordinate2DMake30.794686, 31.012309      alslamMosque [[CLRegion alloc]initCircularRegionWithCenterloc radius10 identifieralslam]       CLLocationAccuracy acc  kCLLocationAccuracyNearestTenMeters      [locationManager startMonitoringForRegionalslamMosque desiredAccuracyacc]      [locationManager startMonitoringSignificantLocationChanges]    voidlocationManagerCLLocationManager manager didEnterRegionCLRegion region       UIAlertView alr[[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitle[NSString stringWithFormat youve enterd region and you are f meters from,dd]                                               messageregion.identifier delegatenil cancelButtonTitlenil otherButtonTitlesOk,nil]      [alr show]      [alr release]     NSLogenter region   codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to do a simple form validation  in perl dancer  but I was wondering what would be the best way to validate simple parameters e.g. field cannot be empty, validity of the email, minimum length of a field in dancerperl without any extra plugin or CPAN modulep  phere is the code so far p  precodepost register gt sub   my db  connectdb my sql  insert into users username, email, password, motivation values , ,  , my sth  dbgtpreparesql or die dbgterrstr sthgtexecuteparamsgtusername, paramsgtemail,paramsgtpassword, paramsgtmotivation or die sthgterrstr  setflashHey you signed up  redirect thanks  codepre  pI did google it and I found several ways to do validation using CPAN modules like FormFoo but how do it without that p
Negative 387 pI want to download data using HttpConnection , see the example belowp  precode  class ConnectionThread extends Thread               public void run              try      showToastin the run method     HttpConnection conn  null     String URL  httpxxxxxxx.comapiapi.phpfuncshowAllCountriesinterfacewifi     conn  HttpConnectionConnector.openURL      catchException e         showToaste             codepre  pwhile running above code , on simulator it says Java.io.IOException  No WiFi connection found , Though in manage connection i can see simultor is conncted with Wifi , please why this is happening p  pPleasep
Negative 387 pIm trying to be slick and Im putting this user control in a div that covers the whole page. However when I click on the search button I get a full postback. Any ideas on how to get it to not postback and just update the gridviewp  pAnd just to be clear. The following control is in a ascx file. Which is called in a aspx page.p  precodelt Control LanguageC AutoEventWireuptrue CodeFilePropertyViewAddEntity.ascx.cs InheritsUserControlsPropertyViewAddEntity gt  ltpgtSearch for State City County zipltpgt         ltaspPanel IDPanel1 runatserver DefaultButtonButton2aegt             ltpgt                 ltaspTextBox IDTextBox1ae runatserver Width500pxgtltaspTextBoxgt                 ltaspButton IDButton2ae runatserver TextSearch  CausesValidationfalse gt             ltpgt         ltaspPanelgt         ltaspUpdatePanel IDUpdatePanel1 runatserver UpdateModeConditionalgt             ltContentTemplategt                 ltaspGridView IDGridView2ae runatserver AutoGenerateColumnsFalse DataSourceIDSqlDataSource3ae                     OnSelectedIndexChangedGridView2aeSelectedIndexChangedgt                     ltColumnsgt                         ltaspCommandField ShowSelectButtonTrue gt                         ltaspBoundField DataFieldzipcodeid HeaderTextzipcodeid SortExpressionzipcodeid gt                         ltaspBoundField DataFieldzipcode HeaderTextzipcode SortExpressionzipcode gt                         ltaspBoundField DataFieldstate HeaderTextstate SortExpressionstate gt                         ltaspBoundField DataFieldcityaliasname HeaderTextcityaliasname SortExpressioncityaliasname gt                         ltaspBoundField DataFieldcountyname HeaderTextcountyname SortExpressioncountyname gt                     ltColumnsgt                 ltaspGridViewgt              ltContentTemplategt             ltTriggersgt                 ltaspAsyncPostBackTrigger ControlIDButton2ae EventNameClick gt             ltTriggersgt         ltaspUpdatePanelgt codepre  pbtw the control is in a placeholderp  precodeltaspPlaceHolder IDControlContainer runatservergt codepre  pand called from the code behind.p  precodeControl mycontrol  LoadControlUserControlsPropertyViewAddEntity.ascx      ControlContainer.Controls.Addmycontrol codepre
Negative 387 pIs it possible to extract depth perception from the new IR hybrid filter on the iPhone 5, and thereby do something like an iOS Kinect p
Negative 387 pI am developing a web application using classic asp for now that needs to query two tables on two separate databases on the same server.p  pI have been given separate applicationlevel loginpasswords for each database by the IT team which will be used in my code to connect.p  pI want to create a query that links two tables one from each database together, but not too sure how, and Google hasnt helped me much either.  p  pIm assuming I have to create two connections to do this as I have two separate logins, but how then would I create a query that uses tables from each.p  pJust a note  our IT team will not at this stage link the two databases together.  Im pretty much stuck with what I have.p  pHope you can help. Matp
Negative 387 pOK, so I have a data structure set up in core data.p  pImagine this set up...p  pDepartment  can have many  MiddleManagers  can have many  Employeesp  pDepartment is one entity with a onetomany relationship with Middle Manager. Middle Manager is an entity with a onetomany relationship with Employee. Employee is an entity on the bottom of the chain.p  pA MiddleManager does not need to have any Employees.p  pId like to create an NSPredicate that filters Departments so that only Departments with at least one Employee are returned.p  pi.e. something like...p  precode[NSPredicate predicateWithFormatmiddleManagers.employees.count  0] codepre  pBut I cant find the right syntax to create this.p  pCan someone point me in the right direction pleasep  pThanks very much.p
Negative 387 pI got some strange errors while develop some custom map overlays, anyone experience these pls help, tks in advance.p  precodeBaseTileRequest.readResponseDataBaseTileRequest.java115 MapServiceMapTileRequest.readResponseDataMapService.java1473 MapServiceMapTileRequest.readResponseDataMapService.java1473  0917 005325.933 WARNSystem.err32480 java.io.IOException Server returned 3 0917 005325.933 WARNSystem.err32480 at androidmapsconflictavoidance.com.google.googlenav.map.BaseTileRequest.readResponseDataBaseTileRequest.java115 0917 005325.938 WARNSystem.err32480 at androidmapsconflictavoidance.com.google.googlenav.map.MapServiceMapTileRequest.readResponseDataMapService.java1473 0917 005325.938 WARNSystem.err32480 at androidmapsconflictavoidance.com.google.googlenav.datarequest.DataRequestDispatcher.processDataRequestDataRequestDispatcher.java1117 0917 005325.943 WARNSystem.err32480 at androidmapsconflictavoidance.com.google.googlenav.datarequest.DataRequestDispatcher.serviceRequestsDataRequestDispatcher.java994 0917 005325.943 WARNSystem.err32480 at androidmapsconflictavoidance.com.google.googlenav.datarequest.DataRequestDispatcherDispatcherServer.runDataRequestDispatcher.java1702 0917 005325.948 WARNSystem.err32480 at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java856 codepre
Negative 387 pI want to ecommerce platform like www.bigcommerce.com and www.buildabazaar.com. I have done with the backend coding. I have added a unique identification number for each customer to differentiate their products and choices. When a customer registers, a folder with his unique ID will be created in my domain, where all his images and styles will be saved. I have created like this.  But i am stuck when a customer buys a plan from me and he will change name servers , he should get his site to be displayed in his domain. p  pI dont know how these things works. Please someone suggest me how to go about it.p  pThanks youp
Negative 387 pI have done some integration tests using Selenium, so I have defined a goal on preintegrationtest phase so Ip  ul liStart a Jettyli liDeploy the appli liPerform testsli liStop the Jettyli ul  pThis runs fine in my local server.p  pHowever, now I am deploying the app to a dev server with tomcat, and I want this tests to be executed with this tomcat, not with Jetty, and my build fails trying to start Jetty on the same port as tomcat 8080. I am executing a mvn package. p  pIs there any parameter in maven I can use to skip this goal from being executedp  pThis is the snippet I am using to start the server before the integration testsp  precode        ltplugingt             ltgroupIdgtorg.mortbay.jettyltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtmavenjettypluginltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt6.1.10ltversiongt             ltconfigurationgt                 ltscanIntervalSecondsgt10ltscanIntervalSecondsgt                 ltstopKeygtfooltstopKeygt                 ltstopPortgt9999ltstopPortgt                 ltcontextPathgtltcontextPathgt             ltconfigurationgt             ltexecutionsgt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltidgtstartjettyltidgt                     ltphasegtpreintegrationtestltphasegt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtrunltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                     ltconfigurationgt                         ltscanIntervalSecondsgt0ltscanIntervalSecondsgt                         ltdaemongttrueltdaemongt                     ltconfigurationgt                 ltexecutiongt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltidgtstopjettyltidgt                     ltphasegtpostintegrationtestltphasegt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtstopltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                 ltexecutiongt             ltexecutionsgt         ltplugingt codepre
Negative 387 pIve got a page that I dont want anyone to be able to access if it isnt being opened in a colorbox. Id like to redirect them back to dashboard.p  pTo clarify, if the page is accessed directlynot in an iframecolorbox, redirect, else, load the page.p
Negative 387 pI am thinking to make an mobile app in android and iPhone which will work as remote for RC car or RC plane. SO i need help for that. I dont have any thing in my mind that how to start it. Please Help me to make this application. If there are any articles or tutorials on this topic then kindly suggest me. Thanks  Any suggestion Commonware    p
Negative 387 pIm using MemoryMapped buffer to read a file. Initially Im getting the channel size and using the same size Im mapping the file on memory and here the initial position is 0 as I want to map the file from the beginning. Now another 400KB of data is added to that file, now I want to map that 400kb alone. But something is wrong in my code, Im not able to figure it out and Im getting this p  precode260java.io.IOException Channel not open for writing  cannot extend file to required size at sun.nio.ch.FileChannelImpl.mapFileChannelImpl.java812 at trailreader.maintrailreader.java55 codepre  pSo heres my codep  precode    BufferedWriter bw            FileInputStream fileinput  null      try          fileinput  new FileInputStreamsimple.csv      catch FileNotFoundException e1           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e1.printStackTrace            FileChannel channel  fileinput.getChannel         MappedByteBuffer ByteBuffer      try          ByteBuffer  fileinput.getChannel.mapFileChannel.MapMode.READONLY, 0, channel.size      catch IOException e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace                 Add some 400 bytes to simple.csv. outside of this program...                        following line throw exception.     try          ByteBuffer  fileinput.getChannel.mapFileChannel.MapMode.READONLY, channel.size, 400      catch IOException e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace      codepre  pSo in my code Im trying to reread the additional data that has been added but its not working, I know the prob is channel.size, but Im not able to rectify it. p
Negative 387 pI know how to output classname and methodname with log4j, both fields can be aligned and padded separately, e.g. this patternp  precode[dISO8601] 5p 10C110M mn codepre  pproduces something likep  precode[20120920 082512,111] WARN  Class     method     Logtext1 which should align [20120920 082512,111] WARN  ClassTwo  methodName Logtext2 which should align codepre  pThis will align the logged text in most cases, but the classname and methodname are ugly spaced.p  pSo what I would like to output is something likep  precode[20120920 082512,111] WARN  Classmethod          Logtext1 which should align [20120920 082512,111] WARN  ClassTwomethodName   Logtext2 which should align codepre  pIs this possible using only configurationp  pCan you suggest another way of outputting methodname and classname, keeping the logged message text alignedp
Negative 387 pI need to emiterateem over the input splits emmore than onceem.  The reason I need this is beyond the scope of this question. Lets suppose I just need it A brief explanation would be that I need to use the input split more than once to populate a data structure and the split might be large enough so that it cannot be accommodated in memory after the first iteration through itp  pI suppose I could do a number of tricks  such as extending the codeFileInputFormatcode and the codeRecordReadercode to serve the split a number of times but I was wondering if there is any standard way of doing it in Hadoop.  Im not aware of any standard method of achieving this in Hadoop but probably I missed something. p  pAny ideas p
Negative 387 pI have created tableview and set the text in cell lable, now i want to set background image in my cell and my lable will display on that image .how can i do thatp  pI have tried this but it does not work for me.p  precodeUIImageView av  [[UIImageView alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMake500, 500, 500, 500] av.backgroundColor  [UIColor clearColor] av.opaque  NO av.image  [UIImage imageNamedcell.png] cell.backgroundView  av codepre
Negative 387 pMy main question I know you can generically output class fields with reflection, even if you do not know the variable names, types, or even how many there are. However, is there a way to list all variables within the current function or current scope, assuming I do not know what the variable names arep  pIn other wordsp  precodeint x  5 int y  42  some more code Now I want to println x and y, but assuming I cannot use x or y. codepre  pId also be happy with an answer to this question Lets say Im allowed to store the names of all variables, does that help e.g.p  precodeSetltStringgt varNames  new HashSetltStringgt int x  5 varNames.addx int y  42 varNames.addy  some more code Now with varNames, can I output x and y without using x or y codepre  pWhy am I asking this I am translating XYZ languages to java using ANTLR, and I would like to provide a simple method to output the entire state of the program at any point in time. p  pThird possible solution Id be happy with If this is not possible in Java, is there any way I can write bytecode for a function that visits the calling function and examines the stack This would also solve the problem.p  pWhat would be amazing is if Java had the equivalent of Pythons codeevalcode or phps codegetdefinedvarscode. p  pIf it makes a difference, Im using Java 6, but anything for Java 5, 6, or 7 should be good.p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pIm trying to check if the value exists in a column. For example I want to check that column codeartIdcode contains some numeric value. Im using following codep  precodegetStar  db.queryTABLENAME, new String[]  artId ,                         artId    entryId, null, null,                         null, null         getStar.moveToFirst         String star  getStar.toString         Log.wID COUNT, star         ifgetStar  null               do something          codepre  pWhere codeentryIdcode is some number.p  pBut I always get something like thisp  pcodeWID COUNT11303 android.database.sqlite.SQLiteCursor41aa4c80code.p  pAlso I tried to usep  precodegetStar  db.rawQuerySELECT count FROM   TABLENAME   WHERE artId    entryId  , null codepre  pBut I got the same result.p  pSo I hope for your help.p
Negative 387 pAre there any examples of initiating an SSH session to a remote machine with port forwarding options from within Twisted using Conch such that one can pipe normal TCP traffic through the tunnelp  pScenariop  pI have a server running a custom Twistedbased Protobuf RPC service and a machine with a Twistedbased RPC client installed. The server is also running SSH. Rather than talking to the RPC service on the server directly, I would like to connect to the server using SSH from the RPC client, setup port forwarding on the server, and communicate with the RPC service using Protobuf through the SSH tunnel.p  pIm already able to setup port forwarding manually and have the RPC client talk to the RPC service by pointing the RPC client to a local port on the client box, Im just curious as to how I can do this within the client directly.p
Negative 387 pI have a Schedulable class which will get called once per night.  I have run the code anonymously and everything works as it should.  The problem I am having is that I cannot get proper test coverage on it  I have written a test class that I believe should work, but for some reason any lines within my forloops are not being covered.p  pI assume that it is because no data is being returned from these queries, however there are thousands of records that should be returned.  I have run the queries on the production environment without any issues.p  pIs there a separate process for running queries in a schedulable classp  pstrongHeres part of my classstrongp  precodeglobal class UpdateUnitPrice  implements Schedulable      global void executeSchedulableContext sc           OwnerId gt List of Strings with Row Contents         MapltId,MapltId,MapltString,Stringgtgtgt updateContainer  new MapltId,MapltId,MapltString,Stringgtgtgt   Covered          ListltIdgt ownerContainer  new ListltIdgt   Covered          String EmailMessage      Covered         String EmailLine         Covered         String EmailAddedLines   Covered          String CurrentEmailLine  Covered         String NewEmailLine      Covered          ListltIdgt opportunityList  new ListltIdgt   Covered          forOpportunity thisOpp [SELECT Id,Name FROM Opportunity WHERE OrderProposedc  null]                       Thousands of records should be returned              opportunityList.addthisOpp.Id  NOT COVERED                    ListltOpportunityLineItemgt OppLineItemList  new ListltOpportunityLineItemgt   Covered          forOpportunityLineItem thisOppProd  [SELECT Id,OpportunityId,Opportunity.OwnerId,Opportunity.Name,ProductNamec,UnitPrice,ListPrice                                                 FROM OpportunityLineItem                                                 WHERE OpportunityId IN opportunityList                                                AND UnitPriceltListPricec  True                                                ORDER BY OpportunityId ASC]                       . . .  NO LINES COVERED WITHIN THIS LOOP                   . . .         codepre  pstrongHeres my test classstrongp  precodeisTest private class UpdateUnitPriceTest       static testMethod void myUnitTest           Test.startTest           Schedule the test job          String jobId  System.scheduleUpdateUnitPrice,0 0 0 3 9  2022,new UpdateUnitPrice           Get the information from the CronTrigger API object         CronTrigger ct  [SELECT Id, CronExpression, TimesTriggered, NextFireTime FROM CronTrigger WHERE id  jobId]           Verify the expressions are the same         System.assertEqualsct.CronExpression,0 0 0 3 9  2022           Verify the job has not run         System.assertEquals0, ct.TimesTriggered           Verify the next time the job will run         System.assertEquals20220903 000000, String.valueOfct.NextFireTime          Test.stopTest        codepre  pAm I supposed to specifically reference something within these forloops for them to fire  This Class should be able to just run everything on its own without inserting records for testing.  What am I missingp  pThanks in advance for any help givenp
Negative 387 pI am using Swiz framework in my flex application. I am using SharedObjectBean for client persistence. It is working fine, but the problem is when I close the browser and again restart the application then client persistence does not work. There is an file with .sol extension is getting created in AppData folder when I save the session. But when I close the browser then that file gets deleted. p  pCan someone help me out with the way to have client persistence on restarting the application after the closing the browserp
Negative 387 pIn my CakePHP blog, I want to enable users to make similar HTML additions as you can insert here on StackOverflow, i.e. line breaks, links, bold, lists etc. But I am a little unsure how I shall tackle this issue in terms of what is most practical whilst maintaining protection against malicious code in the posts users submit. p  ul liPractically is it the most convenient to save the post in a TEXT database field and allow some HTML in thatli liIf I allow some HTML code in the post, how do I ensure that I only allow nonmalicious basic HTML code whilst cleaning out the rest li liShould I be using the CakePHP Sanitize class for that somehowli liWill the FormHelper clean out all HTML users inputli liI assume Ill have to use JavaScript to help users generate the right codeli ul
Negative 387 pIn my scenario, I have two XML files and I wanna query these files simultaneously.p  pFile 1, publishers.xmlp  precodeltpublishersgt     ltpublisher pubid1 nameABC gt     ltpublisher pubid2 nameRST gt     ltpublisher pubid3 nameXYZ gt ltpublishersgt codepre  pFile 2, books.xmlp  precodeltbooksgt     ltbook bkid1 pubid1 nameintroduction to A gt     ltbook bkid2 pubid3 nameintroduction to B gt     ltbook bkid3 pubid3 nameintroduction to C gt     ltbook bkid4 pubid2 nameintroduction to D gt ltbooksgt codepre  pQUESTION p  ul liIs there any XML Query thing available in JavaAndroid similar to LINQli lipstrongIN JAVAstrong, how can I do this I want to query from two XML files simultaneouslyp  pcode strongSELECTstrong book strongFROMstrong books.xml  strongJOINstrong publishers.xml strongONstrong publishers.pubid  books.pubid  strongANDstrong bkid  2 codepli ul  pLet me explain in plain English , the node codeltbookgtcode is selected from books.xml where the attribute codebkid2code and at the same time codeltpublishergtcode from the publishers.xml file where codepublishers.pubidbooks.pubidcode. p  pDESIRED OUTPUT processedp  precodeBook ID 2 Book Name introduction to B Publisher XYZ codepre  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI have the following javascript code having class named as PurchaseHistory.p  precodevar baseUrl  null var parameters  null var currentPageNumber  null var TotalPages  null var PageSize  null  document.readyfunction       baseUrl  httplocalhostAPIservice.svcGetOrderHistory     parameters  userId1 , page1 ,pageSize4     currentPageNumber  1     var history  new PurchaseHistory     history.ajaxCallparameters   function PurchaseHistory   On ajax error show error message  this.onAjaxError  function      error.textNo internet connection..csscolor, red    Ajax call   this.ajaxCall  function parameters      .support.core  true     .ajax         type POST,         url baseUrl,         data parameters,         dataType json,         contentType applicationjson charsetUTF8,         error function   this.onAjaxError      .donefunction data          var json  data.GetOrderHistoryResult         var jsonObject  .parseJSONjson         var history  new PurchaseHistory         history.populateOrderHistoryjsonObject         TotalPages  jsonObject.PgCnt         currentPageNumber  jsonObject.CrntPg        this.populateOrderHistory  functionresults      var rowOutput       var his  new PurchaseHistory     for var i  0 i lt results.Results.length i          rowOutput  this.renderCartListresults.Results[i], 1        this.renderCartList  functionres, i      var container  prototypelistelementgtli.clone     container.find.orderdate.textres.OdrDate     container.find.itemcount.textres.Qty     container.find.total.textres.Amt     container.find.orderid.textres.OdrId     mainul.appendcontainer.listviewrefresh   this.loadNextPage  function       parameters  userId1 , page  currentPageNumber  1  ,pageSize4     this.ajaxCallparameters  codepre  pp  pThe ajaxCall is made on the ready function of the javascript. This ajax calls returns Json object with pages information, which includes current page number, total pages and page size.p  pCurrently I am able to display the information on the UI, when the page gets loaded.p  pMy Issue I want to call the ajax method again, on the button click event. How this can be made possible and where can I store the information obtained from previous ajax callp
Negative 387 pBelow is a code for redis pubsub in node.js. I publish a binary data after reading a file and a plain text, is there a way to identify if the buffer received on message is binary or textp  precodevar redis  requireredis,     pub  redis.createClientnull, null,          detectbuffers true     ,     sub  redis.createClientnull, null,          detectbuffers true     ,     fs  requirefs  sub.subscribeabc  sub.onsubscribe, functionchannel, count      fs.readFileIMG2693.JPG, functionerr, data          pub.publishabc, data          pub.publishabc, hello    sub.onmessage, functionchannel, data       Can I identify if it is binary data or text     console.dirdata  codepre  pThanksp
Negative 387 pHow to undertake in model and parse to array userlocation so that I can then parse tolnglat like in manual examplep  precodeclass User   include MongoidDocument   include MongoidGeospatial    devise databaseauthenticatable, registerable    field email,              type gt String, default gt    field encryptedpassword, type gt String, default gt     field userlocation,      type gt Point, spatial gt true    beforesave setuserlocation    protected      def setuserlocation         manual save works        self.userlocation  [52.38, 18.91].tolnglat     end end codepre  pOverridden devise usercontrollerp  precodedef update   puts JSON.parse params[user][userlocation]     gives raw    52.38     18.91   super end codepre  pIs it possible to do this without overriding devise controller only in modelp  pViewp  precode formforresource, as gt resourcename, url gt registrationpathresourcename, html gt  method gt put  do f      f.emailfield email      f.passwordfield currentpassword      f.hiddenfield userlocation      f.submit Update codepre  pJavaScriptp  precodevar userlocation  JSON.stringify[52.38, 18.91] useruserlocation.valuserlocation codepre
Negative 387 pThis is some code to create a basic java windowp  precodeJPanel pane  new JPanel guiString title     supertitle     setBounds100,100,500,500     setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE     Container con  this.getContentPane    con.setBackgroundnew Color0,0,0     con.addpane     setVisibletrue  codepre  pThe line marked with a star  is meant to make the windows background color black 0,0,0. However, that line seems to do nothing. I have tried using codepane.setBackgroundcode here, but that made no diffference.p  pHow do I change the background colorp
Negative 387 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions531324androidlocationdistancetonotworkingcorrectlyAndroid  Location.distanceTo not working correctlya  p blockquote    pI am trying to calculate the distance between the user locationdriver or moving location and a fixed latitude longitude. But however the text does not display the result and just displays TextView. p  pAnd whenever the user comes to a certain radius of the fixed latitude longitude the imageview will change to another drawable.I have been trying to do this for over a week now. Any help guysp  hr  pMain codep  precode public  void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.lights       placing location     LocationManager loc  LocationManagergetSystemServiceContext.LOCATIONSERVICE      Location location  loc.getLastKnownLocationLocationManager.GPSPROVIDER     double clong  location.getLongitude       double clat  location.getLatitude    current longitude and latitude      double latitude0.305085     double longitude101.70506     fixed location      double dist  Math.sqrtMath.pow111.3  latitude  clat,2  Math.pow71.5  longitude  clong,2  1000   ifdistlt1000     calculatedist      tvDis  TextViewfindViewByIdR.id.distance      tvDis.setTextdistm          public void calculatedouble x     ImageView light  ImageViewfindViewByIdR.id.imageView1      if xlt1000          light.setImageResourceR.drawable.iconyellow          ifxlt500             light.setImageResourceR.drawable.iconred                   else         light.setImageResourceR.drawable.icongreen        codepre  hr  pI have tried changing 1000 to a larger number but still there is no luck.p
Negative 387 pI have a struct TheWord that has a variable char word[WORDLENGTH]p  pI have the followingp  precodetypedef struct TheWord      char word[WORDLENGTH]     int frequency     struct TheWord next  TheWord  int someFuncchar word  Rest of method excluded  struct TheWord newWord  mallocsizeofstruct TheWord  newWordgtword  word  error here. How can I assign the structs word to the pointer word  codepre
Negative 387 pHey guys below is the code i have in html in Dreamweaver cs 6 for my button just to go from indexhome.htmlwitch is a login to the indexmain.html page there is no logic behind this i just need the onclickhref to work but for some reason mine doesnt using dreamweaver cs 6, html 5.p  pim not a newcomer to html , just dreamweaver  here is code p  precode    ltdiv idButtonsgt ltbrgt   ltform methodpost namebuttons idbuttonsgt     ltbutton nameLogin idLogin hrefindexmain.htmlgtLogInltbuttongt     ltbutton nameRegister idRegister gtRegisterltbuttongt   ltformgt ltdivgt codepre  pjust the login that has the href in it so long, dont wanna go on until i got this basic stuff working  any ideas will be appreciatedp
Negative 387 pThe following code is probably self explanatoryp  pLists number of active subscribers 1st of june p  precodeselect      countsubscribers as activeSubscribers  from subscriberlist sub  where      todate201206, yyyymm          between sub.firstDayOfSubscription and sub.lastDayOfSubscription codepre  pBut if I want to get the number of subscribers in the beginning of every month the past year, what could I do besides changing the date in the query and repeating.p
Negative 387 pI have this xamlp  precodeltWindow xClassWPFExample.MainWindow     xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation     xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml     xmlnslocalclrnamespaceWPFExample     xmlnstelerikhttpschemas.telerik.com2008xamlpresentation     TitleMainWindow Height350 Width525     xmlnssysclrnamespaceSystemassemblymscorlibgt ltWindow.Resourcesgt     ltxArrayExtension TypexType localModel xKeyModelsgt         ltlocalModel StringPropSome value Int32Prop3 gt         ltlocalModel StringPropAnother one Int32Prop12 gt         ltlocalModel StringPropThe same Int32Prop132 gt         ltlocalModel StringPropTired... Int32Prop5 gt         ltlocalModel StringPropEnd it Int32Prop43 gt         ltlocalModel StringProp... Int32Prop11 gt         ltlocalModel StringPropthe end. Int32Prop12 gt     ltxArrayExtensiongt ltWindow.Resourcesgt ltScrollViewer ScrollViewer.VerticalScrollBarVisibilityAutogt     ltGridgt         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt             ltRowDefinition Height gt             ltRowDefinition Height gt             ltRowDefinition Height gt         ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt         lttelerikRadGridView  xNamegrid ItemsSourceStaticResource Modelsgt             lttelerikRadGridView.Columnsgt                 lttelerikGridViewColumn gt                     lttelerikGridViewColumn.CellTemplategt                         ltDataTemplategt                             ltComboBox Width200gt                                 ltComboBox.Itemsgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                 ltComboBox.Itemsgt                             ltComboBoxgt                         ltDataTemplategt                     lttelerikGridViewColumn.CellTemplategt                 lttelerikGridViewColumngt             lttelerikRadGridView.Columnsgt         lttelerikRadGridViewgt          lttelerikRadGridView xNamegrid1 Grid.Row1 ItemsSourceStaticResource Modelsgt             lttelerikRadGridView.Columnsgt                 lttelerikGridViewDataColumngt                     lttelerikGridViewDataColumn.CellTemplategt                         ltDataTemplategt                             ltComboBox Width200gt                                 ltComboBox.Itemsgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                 ltComboBox.Itemsgt                             ltComboBoxgt                         ltDataTemplategt                     lttelerikGridViewDataColumn.CellTemplategt                 lttelerikGridViewDataColumngt             lttelerikRadGridView.Columnsgt         lttelerikRadGridViewgt          lttelerikRadGridView xNamegrid2 Grid.Row2 ItemsSourceStaticResource Modelsgt             lttelerikRadGridView.Columnsgt                 lttelerikGridViewDataColumngt                     lttelerikGridViewDataColumn.CellTemplategt                         ltDataTemplategt                             ltComboBox Width200gt                                 ltComboBox.Itemsgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                     ltsysStringgtString 1ltsysStringgt                                 ltComboBox.Itemsgt                             ltComboBoxgt                         ltDataTemplategt                     lttelerikGridViewDataColumn.CellTemplategt                 lttelerikGridViewDataColumngt             lttelerikRadGridView.Columnsgt         lttelerikRadGridViewgt     ltGridgt ltScrollViewergt codepre  pp  pIts just simple window with three radgridviews, all of a kind.p  pProblem if one of radgridviews not entirely visible and i click on combobox within this radgridview, then it first jumps into view, and just then combobox click processed. How can i remove this behaviour, coz i dont need radgridview to be fully visiblep  pThank you.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to select elements codeltBBBgtcode who have in their descendants at least 2 more elements of the same type at different depths. I found it possible with p  precodeBBBBBBBBB  codepre  pbut if i want to change the depth of my query I have to writep  precodeBBBBBBBBBBBB or BBBBBB   codepre  pIs it possible specify the depth of my query with a parameter p
Negative 387 pI have a list codeMyListcode based on ContentType codeMyContentTypecode in Sharepoint.p  pNow I try to generate the LINQ classes with SPMetal but the class for ContentType is created twice basically.p  pstrongXML config for SPMetalstrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltWeb AccessModifierInternal xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comSharePoint2009spmetalgt    ltList NameMyListgt        ltContentType NameMyContentTypegtltContentTypegt    ltListgt   ltExcludeOtherListsgt   ltExcludeOtherContentTypesgt ltWebgt codepre  pstrongParts of output cs filestrongp  precode[Microsoft.SharePoint.Linq.ListAttributeNameMyList] public Microsoft.SharePoint.Linq.EntityListltMyContentTypeMyContentTypegt MyList      get          return this.GetListltMyContentTypeMyContentTypegtMyList        [...]  [Microsoft.SharePoint.Linq.ContentTypeAttributeNameMyContentType, Id0x01003D132021D84A48E9A16011B7648CBD98] [Microsoft.SharePoint.Linq.DerivedEntityClassAttributeTypetypeofMyContentTypeMyContentType] internal partial class MyContentType  Element      [...]   [...]  [Microsoft.SharePoint.Linq.ContentTypeAttributeNameMyContentType, Id0x01003D132021D84A48E9A16011B7648CBD98, ListMyList] internal partial class MyContentTypeMyContentType  MyContentType      public MyContentTypeMyContentType          this.OnCreated       codepre  pAs you can see it generates a codeMyContentTypeMyContentTypecode class derived from codeMyContentTypecode. But why Its useless. How can I avoid this behaviour p  pIt would be correct if codeMyListcode would just be an EntityList of codeMyContentTypecode instead of codeMyContentTypeMyContentTypecode. p  hr  pstrongPSstrongp  pIf I add a class name in the XML config for the ContentType like thisp  precodeltContentType NameMyContentType classMyContentTypegtltContentTypegt codepre  pIt still generates a second class and names it codeMyContentType0code which is wrong as well.p
Negative 387 pI have the following servlet definitionsp    precode    ltservletgt         ltservletnamegtlicenseGenServiceltservletnamegt         ltservletclassgtorg.springframework.web.context.support.HttpRequestHandlerServletltservletclassgt     ltservletgt      ltservletmappinggt         ltservletnamegtlicenseGenServiceltservletnamegt         lturlpatterngtremotinglicensinglturlpatterngt     ltservletmappinggt      lt Restful API Servletgt     ltservletgt         ltservletnamegtlicensingRestServiceltservletnamegt         ltservletclassgt             com.sun.jersey.spi.spring.container.servlet.SpringServlet         ltservletclassgt         ltinitparamgt             ltparamnamegt                     com.sun.jersey.config.property.packages             ltparamnamegt             ltparamvaluegt                 com.mydomain.licensing.rest             ltparamvaluegt         ltinitparamgt         ltloadonstartupgt1ltloadonstartupgt     ltservletgt      ltservletmappinggt         ltservletnamegtlicensingRestServiceltservletnamegt         lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt     ltservletmappinggt codepre  pAnd then the following security filterp  precode    ltfiltergt         ltfilternamegtspringSecurityFilterChainltfilternamegt         ltfilterclassgt             org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy         ltfilterclassgt     ltfiltergt       ltfiltermappinggt         ltfilternamegtspringSecurityFilterChainltfilternamegt         lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt     ltfiltermappinggt codepre  pSo based on what I have read, url patterns with codecode are overwritten by those with explicit urls. This works fine for my servlets. The things is, I do not want basic authentication required for the codelicenseGenServicecode servlet. How can I define the security filter to only apply to the REST servlet, and not the codelicenseGenServicecode onep
Negative 387 pI started with a hrefhttpsgithub.commclinextjsmvcexample relnofollowhttpsgithub.commclinextjsmvcexamplea, and set out to modify it so that it used Ext.application, instead of just using Ext.Create for a subclass of Ext.app.Application.p  pSo far so good, until I try to use the getApplication function, which isnt there.p  pThe code of the app definition looks like ...p  precodeExt.application    name Books,    extend some.class.name,    controllers [Books],    ...  codepre  pThe result of this is a global object named Books, alright, but it does not define getApplication, contrary to the Ext documentation.p
Negative 387 pI want to write an app that receive data from RS232sometimes using usb connector port using CC.p  pI have searched the web but found nothing. Do u have anything interesting Articles, tutorials, tips, code snippets, everything is very much appreciated.p  pI have got transmission protocol, but have no idea how to read data from rs232.  Can I readwrite data asynchronously p
Negative 387 pI dont quite understand where the error is herep  precodeint parr[22]   Array of int pointers parr[0]  ptr1 parr[1]  ptr2 ...   int pparr[22]  A pointer to a int array[22] pparr  parr  ERROR codepre  pthe error tells me codeerror C2440   cannot convert from int [22] to int [22]codep  phow come that the types are not equal The name of the array should be equal to a reference to the first element of the array, something likep  precodeparr gt ampparr[0] codepre  pso the line seems right to mep
Negative 387 pIm using JpGraph for one of my project. The JpGraph works perfectly on localhost. However, when I uploaded the website to a website hosting, the same graph doesnt appear. It appears as a broken image. p  pno error message is returned I have used inisetdisplayerrors, 1 errorreportingEALL  ESTRICT. I also tried to make a simple page where I echo the  lt img srcexample2.php  p  pbut it is the same. It works on localhost but doesnt on the web.p  pAny ideap
Negative 387 pI have a couple of JAXWS webservices and they use the same classes but after generating from wsdl on client side the same classes have different packages. I found how to put them into same package using codexmltypecode annotation. But I cant use it as source code is not available. Is it possible somehow fix it while service deploymentp
Negative 387 pLooking for some expert advice here about how best to style the following HTMLp  precodeltbodygt Some content ltdiv classparent styleheight50gt ltdiv classchild stylebackgroundcolorFF9999gtAn imageltdivgt ltdiv classchild stylebackgroundcolor9999FFgtSome textltdivgt ltdivgt ltbodygt codepre  pTo obtain a result that behaves like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comkuJry.png altenter image description herep  pThe criteria that I am working with are the followingp  ul liThe container div, .parent, is a block element and fills the entire width of the browser window.li liI know the width of the firstleft inner div, in pixels but not as a percentage, based on the regularity of the images that will go there.li liI dont know the width of the secondright inner div  as it contains a variable amount of text that should automatically fill the entire space to the right, regardless of browser window widthli liThe height of the firstleft div, when shorter than the secondright div, should stretch to the same height heres the reason the firstleft div will have a rightborder to set it off from the secondright div, and this border should be the height of the .parent div however, the firstleft div is not always present in the markup, in which case the border should not appear.li liI cannot use JavaScript trickery.li ul  pSolutions I have tried based on my experience and help from web sourcesp  ol lipFloat The traditional method that uses floatleft leaves me apparently unable to stretch the firstleft div to the variable height of either its sibling or .parent.pli lipInlineblock .parent backgroundcolor999999 .parent  .child displayinlineblockverticalaligntopheight100pli ol  pUsing displayinlineblock appears to work like a charm when the text in the secondright div is not enough to fill an entire line.  The moment there is more text, however, the secondright div grows as wide as the outer container will let it, forcing it to wrap under the firstright div.p  pAny insights would be much appreciatedp
Negative 387 pIf I embed icons in the CSS file and refer to the style name in action script code, is that a good practice Will that increase the swf sizep  pAny help would be really appreciated.p  pThanks, Gurjaspalp
Negative 387 pI want to create a multi photo upload for my phonegap app  currently this is not available so Im wondering if it would be possible to create an HTML version of the camera roll.  p  pMy thought would be if I could get access to the list of photo URIs from the camera roll, Id display them in my own HTML version of the camera roll, allow multiple photos to be selected, and then upload the ones that are selected  bypassing the native camera roll.p  pIs this possiblep  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI am trying to use the results from one recordset as the basis of a second recordsets results. Q1 Gives me the correct summed inventory by part which I am attempting to pass into another query. When I query the sum directly as part of Q2, the summed values are incorrect and seems to have something to do with the forecast table linkage.  Is it possible to create a subquery or pass the information directly.  I am an intro user, so am not too familiar with processes Q1p  precodeoRS7.open Select i.partNo, sumi.InventoryQuantity as Inv Qty in FGFS from invloc i Where i.InventoryLocation IN FG,FS GROUP BY i.partno, i.InventoryLocation, oConn codepre  pQ2p  precodeoRS.open Select p.PartNo, p.Description, [NEED THE RESULTS TO INSERT HERE], summ.ForecastQuantity as Current Month Plan, summ.ForecastQuantity4 as Weekly Avg Plan, summ.ForecastQuantity30 as 1 Day Avg Plan,case when i.InventoryQuantity lt summ.ForecastQuantity then Y else N endas Below Monthly Plan,case when i.InventoryQuantity lt summ.ForecastQuantity4 then Y else N endas Below Weekly Plan,case when i.InventoryQuantity lt summ.ForecastQuantity30 then Y else N endas Below 1 Day Plan from parts p, invloc i, salesforecast m Where p.PartNo  i.PartNo and p.PartNo  m.PartNo and i.InventoryLocationFS and m.ForecastDate between  amp Date amp  and  amp Date27 amp   Group by p.partno, p.Description, i.InventoryQuantity, Order by Below 1 Day Plan desc, Below Weekly Plan desc, Below Monthly Plan desc, p.PartNo , oConn codepre  pThe original coding called for one inventory but now I need to sum two inventory amts before comparing the values to the forecasted amts.  This is being pulled on an asp.net page from MS SQL Serverp  pSee original code below need to take FG and make it a summed inventoryp  precodelt LanguageVBScript gt lt  Option Explicit gt lt     Response.Expires  0     Server.ScriptTimeout  500000      dim oConn, oRS, oRS2, oRS3, oRS4, oRS5, oRS6      Set oConn  Server.CreateObjectADODB.Connection      oConn.Open DriverSQL Server ServerABSQL21 DatabaseDFWHSE UidReadOnlyUser Pwdbionics      Set oRS  Server.CreateObjectADODB.Recordset      Set oRS2  Server.CreateObjectADODB.Recordset      Set oRS3  Server.CreateObjectADODB.Recordset      Set oRS4  Server.CreateObjectADODB.Recordset      Set oRS5  Server.CreateObjectADODB.Recordset      Set oRS6  Server.CreateObjectADODB.Recordset gt lthtmlgt  ltheadgt lttitlegtltMonthDate amp DayDate amp YearDategtlttitlegt ltstylegt body       fontfamily Trebuchet MS, Arial, Helvetica, sanserif     fontsize 12px  table      fontsize 11px     bordercollapsecollapse  td       borderbottom 1px ccc solid     borderright 1px a1b0f3 dashed  th       borderbottom 2px 333 solid     borderright 1px a1b0f3 dashed     backgroundcolor1790C0     color fff  input       border 0px  a       color 1790C0     textdecoration none  ahover       color 5A6D81     textdecoration underline  ltstylegt ltheadgt  ltbodygt ltcentergt ltimg srcLogo.pnggt ltbrgt  lt     oRS.open Select p.PartNo, p.Description, case when i.InventoryLocationFG then i.InventoryQuantity else 0 end as Inv Qty in FG,  amp                 summ.ForecastQuantity as Current Month Plan, summ.ForecastQuantity4 as Weekly Avg Plan, summ.ForecastQuantity30 as 1 Day Avg Plan,  amp                 case when i.InventoryQuantity lt summ.ForecastQuantity then Y else N endas Below Monthly Plan,  amp                 case when i.InventoryQuantity lt summ.ForecastQuantity4 then Y else N endas Below Weekly Plan,  amp                 case when i.InventoryQuantity lt summ.ForecastQuantity30 then Y else N endas Below 1 Day Plan  amp                 from parts p, invloc i, salesforecast m Where p.PartNo  i.PartNo and p.PartNo  m.PartNo and i.InventoryLocationFG and m.ForecastDate between  amp Date amp  and  amp Date27 amp   amp                 Group by p.partno, p.Description, i.InventoryQuantity, i.InventoryLocation Order by Below 1 Day Plan desc, Below Weekly Plan desc, Below Monthly Plan desc, p.PartNo , oConn      Response.Write lttable cellpadding2 border0 cellspacing4gt     Response.Write lttr aligncentergt     Response.Write ltth width50gtlttdgt     Response.Write ltth width130gtltbgtFinished Part Noltbgtlttdgt     Response.Write ltth width140gtltbgtPurchased Part Noltbgtlttdgt     Response.Write ltth width200gtltbgtDescriptionltbgtlttdgt     Response.Write ltth width100gtltbgtFG Inventoryltbgtlttdgt     Response.Write ltth width250gtltbgtForward 4 Week MRP Demandltbgtlttdgt     Response.Write ltth width200gtltbgtCommentsltbgtlttdgt     Response.Write lttrgt      IF oRS.EOF THEN         Response.Write lttr aligncentergt         Response.Write lttd colspan7gtNo MRP Warnings Found.lttdgt         Response.Write lttrgt     ELSE     END IF      DO WHILE NOT oRS.EOF      Select case oRSPartNo.Value          case 709531636J         case 709531637H         case 709531649H          case else              IF oRSBelow Monthly Plan.Value  Y THEN                 IF oRSBelow Weekly Plan.Value  Y THEN                     IF oRSBelow 1 Day Plan.Value  Y THEN                         Response.Write lttr aligncentergt                         Response.Write lttd width50 bgcolorFF3366gt                         Response.Write lttdgtltfont stylecolor 0098DB fontweight boldgt amp oRSPartNo.Value amp ltfontgtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt                          oRS2.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRSPartNo.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                          Do While Not oRS2.EOF                              oRS3.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS2Component.Value amp  , oConn                              If oRS3MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                 Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS2Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                             Else                                 oRS4.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRS2Component.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                                 Do While Not oRS4.EOF                                     oRS5.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS4Component.Value amp  , oConn                                     If oRS5MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                         Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS4Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                                     Else                                     End If                                     oRS5.Close                                 oRS4.MoveNext                                 Loop                                 oRS4.Close                             End If                             oRS3.Close                          oRS2.MoveNext                         Loop                         oRS2.Close                          Response.Write lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt amp oRSDescription.Value amp lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgtltfont colorFF3366gtltbgt amp oRSInv Qty in FG.Value amp ltbgtltfontgtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt amp oRSCurrent Month Plan.Value amp lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgtltinput typetext size30gtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttrgt                     ELSE                         Response.Write lttr aligncentergt                         Response.Write lttd width50 bgcolorFF6600gt                         Response.Write lttdgtltfont stylecolor 0098DB fontweight boldgt amp oRSPartNo.Value amp ltfontgtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt                          oRS2.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRSPartNo.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                          Do While Not oRS2.EOF                              oRS3.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS2Component.Value amp  , oConn                              If oRS3MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                 Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS2Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                             Else                                 oRS4.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRS2Component.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                                 Do While Not oRS4.EOF                                     oRS5.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS4Component.Value amp  , oConn                                     If oRS5MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                         Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS4Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                                     Else                                     End If                                     oRS5.Close                                 oRS4.MoveNext                                 Loop                                 oRS4.Close                             End If                             oRS3.Close                          oRS2.MoveNext                         Loop                         oRS2.Close                          Response.Write lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt amp oRSDescription.Value amp lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgtltfont colorFF3366gtltbgt amp oRSInv Qty in FG.Value amp ltbgtltfontgtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt amp oRSCurrent Month Plan.Value amp lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgtltinput typetext size30gtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttrgt                     END IF                 ELSE                     Response.Write lttr aligncentergt                     Response.Write lttd width50 bgcolorFFFF66gt                     Response.Write lttdgtltfont stylecolor 0098DB fontweight boldgt amp oRSPartNo.Value amp ltfontgtlttdgt                     Response.Write lttdgt                          oRS2.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRSPartNo.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                          Do While Not oRS2.EOF                              oRS3.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS2Component.Value amp  , oConn                              If oRS3MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                 Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS2Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                             Else                                 oRS4.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRS2Component.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                                 Do While Not oRS4.EOF                                     oRS5.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS4Component.Value amp  , oConn                                     If oRS5MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                         Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS4Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                                     Else                                     End If                                     oRS5.Close                                 oRS4.MoveNext                                 Loop                                 oRS4.Close                             End If                             oRS3.Close                          oRS2.MoveNext                         Loop                         oRS2.Close                      Response.Write lttdgt                     Response.Write lttdgt amp oRSDescription.Value amp lttdgt                     Response.Write lttdgtltfont colorFF3366gtltbgt amp oRSInv Qty in FG.Value amp ltbgtltfontgtlttdgt                     Response.Write lttdgt amp oRSCurrent Month Plan.Value amp lttdgt                     Response.Write lttdgtltinput typetext size30gtlttdgt                     Response.Write lttrgt                 END IF             ELSE             END IF      End select      oRS.MoveNext     Loop      Response.Write lttablegtltbrgt      oRS.Close      oRS.open Select p.PartNo, p.Description,  amp                 case when i.InventoryLocationFG then i.InventoryQuantity else 0 endas Inv Qty in FG,  amp                 sump.OrderPointas 4 Weeks Safety Stock,  amp                 sump.OrderPoint4as 1 Week Safety Stock,  amp                 sump.OrderPoint430as 1 Day Safety Stock,  amp                 case when i.InventoryQuantity lt sump.OrderPoint then Y else N endas Below Monthly Safety Stock,  amp                 case when i.InventoryQuantity lt sump.OrderPoint4 then Y else N endas Below Weekly Safety Stock,  amp                 case when i.InventoryQuantity lt sump.OrderPoint30 then Y else N endas Below 1 Safety Stock  amp                 from parts p, invloc i  amp                 Where p.PartNo  i.PartNo  amp                 and i.InventoryLocationFG  amp                 and p.PlanningTypeOPN  amp                 and p.OrderPoint gt i.InventoryQuantity  amp                 Group by p.partno, p.Description, i.InventoryQuantity, i.InventoryLocation  amp                 Order by Below Monthly Safety Stock desc, Below Weekly Safety Stock desc, Below 1 Safety Stock desc, p.PartNo, oConn        IF oRS.EOF THEN     ELSE         Response.Write lttable cellpadding2 border0 cellspacing4gt         Response.Write lttr aligncentergt         Response.Write ltth width50gtlttdgt         Response.Write ltth width130gtlttdgt         Response.Write ltth width140gtlttdgt         Response.Write ltth width200gtlttdgt         Response.Write ltth width100gtlttdgt         Response.Write ltth width250gtltbgtOrder Point Levelltbgtlttdgt         Response.Write ltth width200gtlttdgt         Response.Write lttrgt     END IF      DO WHILE NOT oRS.EOF       Select case oRSPartNo.Value      case 6015213001     case 5060050008     case 8044213001     case 9050050011     case 5023015001     case else          IF oRSBelow Monthly Safety Stock.Value  Y THEN                 IF oRSBelow Weekly Safety Stock.Value  Y THEN                     IF oRSBelow 1 Safety Stock.Value  Y THEN                         Response.Write lttr aligncentergt                         Response.Write lttd width50 bgcolorFF3366gt                         Response.Write lttdgtltfont stylecolor 0098DB fontweight boldgt amp oRSPartNo.Value amp ltfontgtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt                          oRS2.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRSPartNo.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                          Do While Not oRS2.EOF                              oRS3.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS2Component.Value amp  , oConn                              If oRS3MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                 Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS2Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                             Else                                 oRS4.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRS2Component.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                                 Do While Not oRS4.EOF                                     oRS5.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS4Component.Value amp  , oConn                                     If oRS5MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                         Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS4Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                                     Else                                     End If                                     oRS5.Close                                 oRS4.MoveNext                                 Loop                                 oRS4.Close                             End If                             oRS3.Close                          oRS2.MoveNext                         Loop                         oRS2.Close                          Response.Write lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt amp oRSDescription.Value amp lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgtltfont colorFF3366gtltbgt amp oRSInv Qty in FG.Value amp ltbgtltfontgtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt amp oRS4 Weeks Safety Stock.Value amp lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgtltinput typetext size30gtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttrgt                     ELSE                         Response.Write lttr aligncentergt                         Response.Write lttd width50 bgcolorFF6600gt                         Response.Write lttdgtltfont stylecolor 0098DB fontweight boldgt amp oRSPartNo.Value amp ltfontgtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt                          oRS2.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRSPartNo.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                          Do While Not oRS2.EOF                              oRS3.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS2Component.Value amp  , oConn                              If oRS3MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                 Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS2Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                             Else                                 oRS4.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRS2Component.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                                 Do While Not oRS4.EOF                                     oRS5.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS4Component.Value amp  , oConn                                     If oRS5MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                         Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS4Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                                     Else                                     End If                                     oRS5.Close                                 oRS4.MoveNext                                 Loop                                 oRS4.Close                             End If                             oRS3.Close                          oRS2.MoveNext                         Loop                         oRS2.Close                          Response.Write lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt amp oRSDescription.Value amp lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgtltfont colorFF3366gtltbgt amp oRSInv Qty in FG.Value amp ltbgtltfontgtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgt amp oRS4 Weeks Safety Stock.Value amp lttdgt                         Response.Write lttdgtltinput typetext size30gtlttdgt                         Response.Write lttrgt                     END IF                 ELSE                     Response.Write lttr aligncentergt                     Response.Write lttd width50 bgcolorFFFF66gt                     Response.Write lttdgtltfont stylecolor 0098DB fontweight boldgt amp oRSPartNo.Value amp ltfontgtlttdgt                     Response.Write lttdgt                          oRS2.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRSPartNo.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                          Do While Not oRS2.EOF                              oRS3.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS2Component.Value amp  , oConn                              If oRS3MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                 Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS2Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                             Else                                 oRS4.open Select Component from dbo.bomliall where BomId amp oRS2Component.Value amp  and Quantity  1.0000 Order By Component , oConn                                 Do While Not oRS4.EOF                                     oRS5.Open Select MakeBuyCode from dbo.parts where PartNo amp oRS4Component.Value amp  , oConn                                     If oRS5MakeBuyCode.Value  B Then                                         Response.Write ltfont stylefontsize 10pxgt amp oRS4Component.Value amp ltfontgtltbrgt                                     Else                                     End If                                     oRS5.Close                                 oRS4.MoveNext                                 Loop                                 oRS4.Close                             End If                             oRS3.Close                          oRS2.MoveNext                         Loop                         oRS2.Close                      Response.Write lttdgt                     Response.Write lttdgt amp oRSDescription.Value amp lttdgt                     Response.Write lttdgtltfont colorFF3366gtltbgt amp oRSInv Qty in FG.Value amp ltbgtltfontgtlttdgt                     Response.Write lttdgt amp oRS4 Weeks Safety Stock.Value amp lttdgt                     Response.Write lttdgtltinput typetext size30gtlttdgt                     Response.Write lttrgt                 END IF             ELSE             END IF      End select      oRS.MoveNext     Loop      IF oRS.EOF THEN     ELSE         Response.Write lttablegt     END IF      oRS.Close       Set oRS  Nothing     oConn.Close     Set oConn  Nothing  gt  ltbodygt  lthtmlgt codepre  pp
Negative 387 pI am aware there are many questions on this topic, however non work for me for some reason. I have installed gmaps4rails gem up to date.  I have followed all the instructions and have included all the necessary files for it to work. Everything is fine, however the only problem is that the actual map does not loadrenderp  pThis is my layout pagep  blockquote precode  lthtmlgt     ltheadgt         lttitlegtMashs Wing Ranchampreg  lt pagetitle  Admin Area gtlttitlegt         lt stylesheetlinktagadminmain, media gt all gt         lt stylesheetlinktag gmaps4rails gt         lt javascriptincludetag gmaps4rails.base,gmaps4rails.bing,gmaps4rails.googlemaps,gmaps4rails.mapquest,gmaps4railsopenlayers gt        ltheadgt     ltbodygt         ltdiv idheadercontainergt             ltdiv idheadercontentgt                 ltdiv idheaderlogogtltdivgt                 ltdiv idheadernavigationgt                     ltulgt                         ltligtlt linktoUsers, controller gt adminusers, action gt list gtltligt                         ltligtlt linktoMenu, controller gt menus, action gt list gtltligt                         ltligtlt linktoSauces, controller gt sauces, action gt list gtltligt                         ltligtlt linktoRanches, controller gt ranches, action gt list gtltligt                         ltligtlt linktoFranchise, controller gt franchises, action gt list gtltligt                         ltligtlt linktoMailing List, controller gt mailinglists, action gt list gtltligt                     ltulgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv idheaderinformationgt                     ltpgtAdmin Arealtpgt                     ltpgtlt Time.now.strftimedmY gtltpgt                     ltpgtlt Time.now.strftimeIMp gtltpgt                     ltpgtUser  lt session[firstname] gt lt session[lastname] gtltpgt                     ltpgtlt linktoLog Out, controller gt access, action gt logout gtltpgt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idpagetitlecontainergt             ltdiv idpagetitlecontentgt                 lth3gtlt pagetitle gtlth3gt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         lt if flash[notice].blank gt         ltdiv idnoticecontainergt             ltdiv idnoticecontentgt                 lth4 classnoticegt                 lt flash[notice] gt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         lt end gt         lt if flash[error].blank gt         ltdiv iderrornoticecontainergt             ltdiv iderrornoticecontentgt                 lth4 classnoticegt                 lt flash[error] gt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         lt end gt         ltdiv idcontentcontainergt             ltdiv idcontentgtlt yield gtltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idfootercontainergt             ltdiv idfootercontentgt                 ltpgtMashs Wing Ranchampreg All Rights Reserved 2012ltpgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     lt yield scripts gt     ltbodygt     lthtmlgt codepre blockquote  pI have also added the codelt gmaps4railsjson gtcode in my view.p
Negative 387 pI have a maven base GWTApplication.p  pWhen i compile, build and deploy it to JBoss AS 7.1.1 over Maven I get an ClassNotFoundException for my GWTRPCService. Before I Included that i deployed and i could display the GWTWidgets, so the GWTJars should be there...p  pMy MavenDependencies look like thisp  precodeltdependencygt   ltgroupIdgtcom.google.gwtltgroupIdgt   ltartifactIdgtgwtdevltartifactIdgt   ltversiongt2.5.0ltversiongt   ltscopegtcompileltscopegt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt   ltgroupIdgtcom.google.gwtltgroupIdgt   ltartifactIdgtgwtuserltartifactIdgt   ltversiongt2.5.0ltversiongt   ltscopegtcompileltscopegt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt   ltgroupIdgtcom.google.gwtltgroupIdgt   ltartifactIdgtgwtservletltartifactIdgt   ltversiongt2.5.0ltversiongt   ltscopegtcompileltscopegt ltdependencygt codepre  pMy EAR looks like thisp  precodemyEar.ear       core.jar   gwtui.war       gwtui        gwt        sc        wgtui.nocache.js       METAINF       is Empty       WEBINF       classes                       mygwtProj.client               services                   MyService.class                   MyServiceAsync.class               dto                   DTO.class                       mygwtProj.server               MyServiceImpl.class       deploy       lib            all gwtjarsfiles       beans.xml       web.xml codepre  pMyServicep  precodeimport java.util.List import com.google.gwt.user.client.rpc.RemoteService import com.google.gwt.user.client.rpc.RemoteServiceRelativePath import mygwtProj.client.dto.DTO  RemoteServiceRelativePathmyService public interface ShopService extends RemoteService     ListltDTOgt getAircrafts  codepre  pMyServiceAsyncp  precodeimport java.util.List import com.google.gwt.user.client.rpc.AsyncCallback import mygwtProj.client.dto.DTO  RemoteServiceRelativePathmyService public interface ShopService extends RemoteService     void getAircraftsAsyncCallbackltListltDTOgtgt callback   codepre  pMyServiceImplp  precodeimport java.util.ArrayList import java.util.List import com.google.gwt.user.server.rpc.RemoteServiceServlet import mygwtProj.client.dto.DTO import mygwtProj.client.services.MyService  public class MyServiceImpl extends RemoteServiceServlet implements MyService      private static final long serialVersionUID  1L  Override public ListltDTOgt getAircrafts       ListltDTOgt list  new ArrayListltDTOgt1     list.addnew ShopItemDTO1, man, typ, 1.0     return list   codepre  pStackTracep  precode152824,684 WARN  [org.jboss.modules] MSC service thread 16 Failed to define class mygwtProj.server.MyServiceImpl in Module deployment.myEar.ear.gwtUI.warmain from Service Module Loader java.lang.LinkageError Failed to link mygwtProjserverMyServiceImpl Module deployment.myEar.ear.gwtUI.warmain from Service Module Loader at org.jboss.modules.ModuleClassLoader.defineClassModuleClassLoader.java396 at org.jboss.modules.ModuleClassLoader.loadClassLocalModuleClassLoader.java243 at org.jboss.modules.ModuleClassLoader1.loadClassLocalModuleClassLoader.java73 at org.jboss.modules.Module.loadModuleClassModule.java517 at org.jboss.modules.ModuleClassLoader.findClassModuleClassLoader.java182 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.performLoadClassUncheckedConcurrentClassLoader.java468 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.performLoadClassCheckedConcurrentClassLoader.java456 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.performLoadClassConcurrentClassLoader.java398 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.loadClassConcurrentClassLoader.java120 at org.jboss.as.weld.WeldModuleResourceLoader.classForNameWeldModuleResourceLoader.java68 [jbossasweld7.1.1.Final.jar7.1.1.Final] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.BeanDeployer.loadClassBeanDeployer.java107 [weldcore1.1.5.AS71.Final.jar20121012 1000] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.BeanDeployer.addClassBeanDeployer.java77 [weldcore1.1.5.AS71.Final.jar20121012 1000] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.BeanDeployer.addClassesBeanDeployer.java135 [weldcore1.1.5.AS71.Final.jar20121012 1000] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.BeanDeployment.createBeansBeanDeployment.java184 [weldcore1.1.5.AS71.Final.jar20121012 1000] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.WeldBootstrap.deployBeansWeldBootstrap.java349 [weldcore1.1.5.AS71.Final.jar20121012 1000] at org.jboss.as.weld.WeldContainer.startWeldContainer.java82 [jbossasweld7.1.1.Final.jar7.1.1.Final] at org.jboss.as.weld.services.WeldService.startWeldService.java76 [jbossasweld7.1.1.Final.jar7.1.1.Final] at org.jboss.msc.service.ServiceControllerImplStartTask.startServiceServiceControllerImpl.java1811 at org.jboss.msc.service.ServiceControllerImplStartTask.runServiceControllerImpl.java1746 at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1110 [rt.jar1.7.003] at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java603 [rt.jar1.7.003] at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java722 [rt.jar1.7.003] Caused by java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError myProjclientservicesMyService at java.lang.ClassLoader.defineClass1Native Method [rt.jar1.7.003] at java.lang.ClassLoader.defineClassClassLoader.java791 [rt.jar1.7.003] at java.security.SecureClassLoader.defineClassSecureClassLoader.java142 [rt.jar1.7.003] at org.jboss.modules.ModuleClassLoader.doDefineOrLoadClassModuleClassLoader.java327 at org.jboss.modules.ModuleClassLoader.defineClassModuleClassLoader.java391 ... 21 more Caused by java.lang.ClassNotFoundException myProj.client.services.MyService from [Module deployment.myEar.ear.gwtUI.warmain from Service Module Loader] at org.jboss.modules.ModuleClassLoader.findClassModuleClassLoader.java190 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.performLoadClassUncheckedConcurrentClassLoader.java468 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.performLoadClassCheckedConcurrentClassLoader.java456 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.performLoadClassConcurrentClassLoader.java398 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.loadClassConcurrentClassLoader.java120 ... 26 more  152824,700 INFO  [org.jboss.weld.ClassLoading] MSC service thread 16 WELD000119 Not generating any bean definitions from myProj.server.MyServiceImpl because of underlying class loading error 152824,700 INFO  [org.jboss.weld.ClassLoading] MSC service thread 16 catching org.jboss.weld.resources.spi.ResourceLoadingException java.lang.ClassNotFoundException myProj.server.MyServiceImpl from [Module deployment.myEar.ear.gwtUI.warmain from Service Module Loader] at org.jboss.as.weld.WeldModuleResourceLoader.classForNameWeldModuleResourceLoader.java74 [jbossasweld7.1.1.Final.jar7.1.1.Final] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.BeanDeployer.loadClassBeanDeployer.java107 [weldcore1.1.5.AS71.Final.jar20121012 1000] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.BeanDeployer.addClassBeanDeployer.java77 [weldcore1.1.5.AS71.Final.jar20121012 1000] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.BeanDeployer.addClassesBeanDeployer.java135 [weldcore1.1.5.AS71.Final.jar20121012 1000] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.BeanDeployment.createBeansBeanDeployment.java184 [weldcore1.1.5.AS71.Final.jar20121012 1000] at org.jboss.weld.bootstrap.WeldBootstrap.deployBeansWeldBootstrap.java349 [weldcore1.1.5.AS71.Final.jar20121012 1000] at org.jboss.as.weld.WeldContainer.startWeldContainer.java82 [jbossasweld7.1.1.Final.jar7.1.1.Final] at org.jboss.as.weld.services.WeldService.startWeldService.java76 [jbossasweld7.1.1.Final.jar7.1.1.Final] at org.jboss.msc.service.ServiceControllerImplStartTask.startServiceServiceControllerImpl.java1811 at org.jboss.msc.service.ServiceControllerImplStartTask.runServiceControllerImpl.java1746 at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1110 [rt.jar1.7.003] at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java603 [rt.jar1.7.003] at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java722 [rt.jar1.7.003] Caused by java.lang.ClassNotFoundException myProj.server.MyServiceImpl from [Module deployment.myEar.ear.gwtUI.warmain from Service Module Loader] at org.jboss.modules.ModuleClassLoader.findClassModuleClassLoader.java190 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.performLoadClassUncheckedConcurrentClassLoader.java468 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.performLoadClassCheckedConcurrentClassLoader.java456 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.performLoadClassConcurrentClassLoader.java398 at org.jboss.modules.ConcurrentClassLoader.loadClassConcurrentClassLoader.java120 at org.jboss.as.weld.WeldModuleResourceLoader.classForNameWeldModuleResourceLoader.java68 [jbossasweld7.1.1.Final.jar7.1.1.Final] ... 12 more codepre  pAnybody a clue whats wrongp
Negative 387 pWe developing a IPC modulep  pwhere application A C application uses Mqueue will POSt a structure data in IPC Queuep  pApplication B python Based uses POSIX IPC for Python has to access the queue and fetch the structure datap  pSince Python has not got direct structure handling capability..How would i receive the posted structure from the Queue p  por what is the way to handle this issue.. p
Negative 387 pi have created my EditTextView with this codep  precode    mEditTxtZusatzInfo  new EditTextBackEventthis         mEditTxtZusatzInfo.setGravityGravity.START         mEditTxtZusatzInfo.setInputTypeInputType.TYPETEXTFLAGMULTILINE         mEditTxtZusatzInfo.setTextColorColor.BLACK         mEditTxtZusatzInfo.setBackgroundResourceR.drawable.edittextbackground codepre  pLater i try to set the text of the EditTextView top  precode    test sdgdf gdf ghu fjh sfk  dfopgjpdfjgpodfjgpodfjgdfg dfgdfg42534 codepre  pBut the Text only appears in one single line.p  pI looked at my text detailp  pin HEX linebreaks are saved as 0Ap  pNotepad displays the String correctp  pHow can i make my EditTextView to display the mulitple linesp  pThank you for your help and sorry for my bad english.p  pBest regards Schwandip  pEDITp  pEditText is a custom class which extends EditText.p
Negative 387 precodeif a  arg     if arg not in alist         dosomethingarg elif b  arg     if arg not in blist         dosomethingarg else     dosomethingelsearg codepre  pPropose an idiomatic way to shorten and specifically DRY above statements  without extracting parts of it to separate functions.p  pedit Funny  This not a homework assignment neither is this a request to review my code, perhaps if I reframe above as below my intentions become more clearp  pWhat is a pythonian way to write above ifstatements such that it is both DRY and idiomatic to the language I feel I am missing something, perhaps one can make use of the andor operators in python Reason for not extracting any parts of it to separate functions is that then this question is more about refactoring than about idiomatic pythonian iflogic.p
Negative 387 pIn my ASP.Net MVC pages I can click on column headers to sort by that column, but this involves magic strings in the aspx, which can result in runtime issues.  I am trying to check at runtime whether the values passed to sort by are valid.  I have a base class that all my entities inherit fromp  precodePublic MustInherit Class BaseEntityOf T Some Property and method definitions...      Public Shared Function IsValidSearchPropertyname As String As Boolean         Dim rootPart As String  name         Dim nested As Boolean  False         If rootPart.Contains. Then             rootPart  rootPart.Split.c0             nested  True         End If         Dim properties As PropertyInfo  GetTypeT.GetProperties         For Each prop As PropertyInfo In properties             If prop.Name  rootPart Then                 If nested Then                     This is where my issue is                     Return Convert.ToBoolean                     prop.PropertyType.InvokeMemberIsValidSearchProperty,                                                    BindingFlags.InvokeMethod Or BindingFlags.Public Or BindingFlags.Static Or BindingFlags.FlattenHierarchy,                                                    Nothing, Nothing, New Object name.Substringname.IndexOf.  1                                                              Else                     Return True                 End If             End If         Next         Return False     End Function End Class codepre  pThis works great, unless Im trying to validate a nested property that is more than 1 layer deep in a class hierarchy.  For Examplep  precodePseudocode Hierarchy BaseEntityof T     PersonEntity  Inherits BaseEntityOf PersonEntity         Property FirstName as string     PatientEntity  Inherits PersonEntity         Property PatientType as int     VisitEntity  Inherits BaseEntityOf VisitEntity         Property Patient as PatientEntity codepre  pSorting Visits by Patient.FirstName works fine, the property is found recursively, but when I try to sort Visits based on Patient.PatientType, this fails to find the PatientType property.  The IsValidSearchProperty is initially called from a VisitEntity, which Finds the Patient property, and it even shows as being of type PatientEntity, but when this method uses InvokeMember to recursively call itself This is how I am attempting to call it using the property Type, in the second call the GetTypeT is of type PersonEntity, which does not have a PatientType.  Any suggestions on how to make this correctly resolve the Type in the nested callp  pThis method would be called like this p  precodeVisitEntity.IsValidSearchPropertyPatient.FirstName  VisitEntity.IsValidSearchPropertyPatient.PatientType   This one doesnt work PatientEntity.IsValidSearchPropertyPatientType PatientEntity.IsValidSearchPropertyFirstName codepre  hr  pUpdatep  pHere is some more on how Im using thisp  precode                Dim sorts As String  SortExpression.Split                  For Each sort As String In sorts                     Dim sortParts As String  sort.Split                       If VisitEntity.IsValidSearchPropertysortParts0 Then                         If sortParts1.ToLower  true Then                             visits  visits.OrderByOf VisitEntitysortParts0.ToString, SortDirection.Ascending                         Else                             visits  visits.OrderByOf VisitEntitysortParts0.ToString, SortDirection.Descending                         End If                     Else                         log.WarnFormatFound invalid sort property 0, sortParts0                     End If                 Next codepre  pSortExpression would be something like Patient.PatientType TruePatient.FirstName Truep
Negative 387 pI have a question about converting String type binary number to bit and write in the txt file.p  pFor example we have  String  like 0101011 and want to convert to bit type 0101011 then write in to the file on the disk.p  pI would like to know is there anyway to covert to string to bit..p  pi was searching on the web they suggest to use bitarray but i am not surep  pthanksp
Negative 387 pI need to store a hrefhttptools.ietf.orghtmlrfc4566 relnofollowSDPa structures returned by a hrefhttpwww.webrtc.org relnofollowWebRTCa. The specification does not define a maximum length but obviously the database needs one.p  pWhat is a reasonable length limit in this case How do you generally go about deciding length limits in such undefined casesp
Negative 387 pI have an xml document which looks like thisp  precodeltApplicationsgt   ltmyAppgt     ltadd keyErrorDestinationEventLog valueEventLog gt     ltadd keyversion value5.0.0.0 gt     ltadd keyDebugModeRUN valuetrue gt   ltmyAppgt ltApplicationsgt codepre  pAll the elements have same element name but different attributes.  How do I remove one particular element and its attributes from this xml using XDocument in Cp  precodexd.ElementApplications.ElementmyApp.Elementxe.Name.RemoveAll codepre  pThe above command is not working as all the elements have same name.p  pIs there any way to identify an element with, other than its name And if so, how can I use this to remove it from the XDocumentp
Negative 387 pFrom webserivce I am getting data in the form of dates and time, means for some particular date i am having some set of slots. The following diagram gives the detailed explanation. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1iKho.png altenter image description here p  pHere on each date I have some set to timings. Here what i want is to display notification at the particular date and time. If the response from database consists of tomorrow date like 07122012 at 1100 AM. I need to display notification at that time.p  pI have some idea regarding notification manager and code i am using is..p  pMain.javap  precode      NotificationManager notificationManager  NotificationManagergetSystemServiceNOTIFICATIONSERVICE     Notification notification  new NotificationR.drawable.icactionsearch, A New Message, System.currentTimeMillis      Intent notificationIntent  new Intentthis, Main.class     PendingIntent pendingIntent  PendingIntent.getActivitythis, 0, notificationIntent, 0      notification.setLatestEventInfoMain.this, notificationTitle, notificationMessage, pendingIntent     notificationManager.notify10001, notification codepre  pstrongBut here i need to get notifications when app is closed also.strong So, anyone help me with this. p
Negative 387 precodeltEncounterData Key3RBDOS62SSRN gt   ltRowList gtlt[CDATA[100]]gt   ltEncounterDatagt  ltEncounterData KeyXI4O9QM5DEQ6gt   ltRowList gtlt[CDATA[54]]gt  ltEncounterDatagt codepre  pIn above Xml How to retrieve CDATA Using Key Attribute in PostgreSql Function p
Negative 387 pIn codeCcode, we have strongCopy Constructorstrong, strongDestructorsstrong, strongoverloaded strong which are together called strongcopy controlstrong.p  pMy questions arep  ol lipIs codecopy constructorcode used in codeCcode for stronginitializingstrong objects when passed to a function as codeargumentcode strongorstrong when codeinitializingcode strongnotstrong assigning strongorstrong when codereturningcode an object from a codefunctioncode strongas instrong codeCcodepli lipDoes an implicitly overloaded codecode operator function gets called when we strongassignstrong  strongnotstrong initialize any object to another object of the same typepli ol
Negative 387 pI am attempting to learn OpenGL and LWJGL by making a minecraft clone, but I am stuckp  pI was able to render blocks easily and have a firstperson camera with wasd controls and now Im trying to be able to place blocks, but I cannot figure out how would I be able to check which cube and which side of that cube I am looking atis in the center of the screen so I can put another cube adjacent to that cube. p  pI am using gluPerspective for the 3d perspective and glRotatef to rotate the world, pretty normal stuffp
Negative 387 pAccording to a hrefhttpsgithub.commperhamdalli relnofollowhttpsgithub.commperhamdallia, we can configure multiple Memcache servers. But Im not sure how it works.p  pAssume that were using a memcache cluster with two servers memcache1box1 and memcache2 box2.p  ul liUser A and user B share a same resource.li liUser A login and read the shared resource cached in box1.li liUser B login and read the shared resource cached in box2.li liUser A updates the shared resource and expires the cache on box1li liUser B does not see the updated resource and still get the cached on in box2.li ul  pIts my understanding so far, Im not sure how the cache expiration works in cluster environment. Especially, when we want to eagerly expire the cache, will it expire on all boxesp  pGiven we have a same configuration like this in TWO rails serversp  precodeconfig.cachestore  dallistore, memcache1, memcache2 codepre  pHow do you think about this use casep  pThanks for your all interest.p
Negative 387 pI have following scenario Datepicker for user to choose Year,Month, and use it to display records for the selected month. The selected value is passed to detailssubcontractor.php, using Ajax. Datepicker has been modified from accepted answer in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2208480jqueryuidatepickertoshowmonthyearonlyjQuery UI DatePicker to show month year onlya. Sample code as belowp  precode    Datepicker in datepicker.php      yearmonth.datepickerdateFormatyymmdd,     changeMonth true,     changeYear true,     dateFormat yymm,     showButtonPanel true,     onClose functiondateText, inst           var month  uidatepickerdiv .uidatepickermonth selected.val         var year  uidatepickerdiv .uidatepickeryear selected.val         this.datepickersetDate, new Dateyear, month, 1            Ajax call      var yearmonth  yearmonth.val .ajax     urldetailssubcontractor.php,     data         yearmonthyearmonth     ,     successfunctiondata         contentreport.htmldata             detailssubcontractor.php      GET[yearmonth] 201212 start  dateYmd, strtotimeGET[yearmonth]                     20121218 start  dateYmd, strtotimefirst day of  . GET[yearmonth]   19700101 start  dateYmd, strtotimeGET[yearmonth] .  first day      20121219 end    dateYmd, strtotimelast day of  . GET[yearmonth]    19700101 end    dateYmd, strtotimeGET[yearmonth] .  last day       20121217 codepre  pHowever, as the inline comment shows, I cant get first day and last day of the Month. Im aware that of is introduced at PHP 5.3, where the 2 lines that contain of are failed, but I dont understand the output of other three. I ended up with appending 01 and 31 to indicate first and last day of month. Does anyone have a better solution, that works in PHP 5.2.6p
Negative 387 pIm developing a new android app, Im giving some parameters to a service, one of this is a string that I want to set in the inputmethod when its displayed.p  pTo make it clear, when the user is in this situation img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comps9a5.jpg altenter image description herep  pI want to change programmatically the text to input without having the reference of the edittext or whatever the cursor is set.p  pI dont know really how to do it. I should use the inputmethodmanager or maybe get an instance of the cursorp  pAny idea how can I do this p  pHope my question is clear. thanksp
Negative 387 pSay I have a class with a couple of data members, and I want a class method that returns one, and the next time it is called returns the value of the other. Something likep  precodeclass MyClass      public         MyClassswitch0         int get     private         int intA, intB         int sw          int MyClassget       if  sw2          return intA     else         return intB  codepre  pWhat would a more elegant way of doing it be I dont like the if...else statement very much. Its fine for something like return, but if Im actually using more complex operations, I end up duplicating a ton of code. Or having to create a second method within each method that is called after I resolve what element Im pointing to.p  pWhat Id prefer to do, ideally, is to use some form of pointer, so I can dop  precodeclass MyClass      public         MyClassswitchampintA         int get         void toggleSwitch     private         int intA, intB         int  sw          int MyClassget      return sw  void MyClasstoggleSwitch      if  sw  ampintA          sw  ampintB     else         sw  ampintA  codepre  pOr something to that effect. I could call toggleSwitch, and have my class operate on either one or the other value easily.p  pI still dont like it though. I prefer to avoid ifs when possible, and I shouldnt need one in this case. This use of a naked pointer should be pretty safe, but I was thinking I could have something like stduniqueptr holding each element and then stdswap them. But then the pointers would own the elements, and theyd be dynamic memory instead.p  pSo is there a better way to do itp
Negative 387 pIm interested in possible ways that different languages can Join an array, but rather than using a single join string, using a different join string at given intervals.p  pFor example hypothetical language p  precodeArray.modJoin[mod, char], ... e.g. [1,2,3,4,5].modJoin [1, ,], [2, ]  codepre  pWhere the arguments specify an array or object containing a modulo and a join char, the implementation would check which order of modulo took precedence the latest one, and apply the join char. requiring that the [mod,char]s were provided in ascending mod order   p  pi.e. p  precodeif index  nth mod  0    append join char    continue to next index  else    nth mod repeat  when complete join with  codepre  pFor example, Ive come up with the following in Ruby, but I suspect better  more elegant methods exist, and thats what Id like to see.p  precodeCreate test Array  9472  9727 as HTML Entities unicode box chars range        9472..9727.toa.mapu ampu    codepre  pAssuming we have a list of mods and join chars, we have to stipulate that mods increase in value as the list progresses.p  precodemodjoins    [m1, c,, m12, cltbrgt] codepre  pNow process the coderangecode with codemodjoinscodep  precodeprocessed  range.eachwithindex.map  e, i    m  nil   mods.reverseeach j     m  j and break if i  j[m]  0       use the lowest mod for index 0   m  mods[0] if i  0    m  nil  e  em[c]   output the result string puts processed.join  codepre  pFrom this we have a list of htmlEntities, separated by code,code unless its index is a 12th modulo in which case its a codeltbrgtcodep  pSo, Im interested for ways this can be done more elegantly, primarily in functional languages like Haskell, F, Common Lisp Scheme, Clojure etc. but also cool ways to achieve this in general purpose languages that have list comprehension extensions such as C with Linq, Ruby and Python or even Perl.p
Negative 387 pIf have a wsf file which remote logs into another machine via telnet, executes a command, and logs out.  p  pI have it set up in task scheduler to execute once a day.  p  pIf I manually run it in task scheduler the script works.p  pIf I manually run in outside of task scheduler the script works.  p  pWhile watching it run in task scheduler logged in via remote desktop, FWIW, Running appears for a little while and then disappears.  The task is never actually executed.  p  pI have the task configured to Run as my network user I personally cant try running it as SYSTEM as I dont have the SYSTEM password, although if that will fix the problem I can get the Admin to fix that.p  pI have a start in directory omitting a start in directory doesnt help.  p  pI am calling the script thuslyp  pcmd.exe c Futilstartextr.wsfp  pIve tried it using just cmd.exe FUtil..., cmd.exe futil..., just futil... and other obvious variations.  Nothing helps.  p  pIve changed the permissions on cmd.exe to included BATCH, with no success.  p  p  p  pThanks,  swp  preply to question  Its not being killed by the time out kill process.  A little while means 1015 seconds.  p
Negative 387 pThis is a best design approach question more than a coding question. Im looking for the best approach to filtering data in XSLT. I have a blog which is generated from XML, XSLTand CSS. Each blog post falls under a category  Week 1, Week 2 or Week 3.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0qe4A.png altenter image description herep  pAt the moment, Im displaying all the categories on the side. When I click WEEK1, I want to show only posts from Week 1. Is this any way to do this without having an XML file for each weekp  pAs a sideline... this is a demo of what XSLT can do. Something like php would have been much better suited for the job, but this needs to be done with XSLTHTMLJavaScriptCSS.p  pIf the question is not clear, please ask and I will do my best to rephrase it.p
Negative 387 pIve created a simple animation with raphaeljs. You can take a look at it here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netfJt96 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netfJt96ap  pIt generates random fractal plants and blends between them. It will take about 8 seconds before the second plant is shown and then about 4 seconds for each refresh depending on the plants complexity. The rules for creating one of the drawings are explained in the description of this sample not made by me a hrefhttpsen.wikipedia.orgwikiFileFractalplant.svg relnofollowhttpsen.wikipedia.orgwikiFileFractalplant.svgap  pIn my code the functions codeapplyRulescode and codedrawcode are more or less direct translations from the description to javascript.p  pUnfortunately theres a memory leak in my script and I cant figure out where. The only variables that are persistent are the RaphaelPaper and two RaphaelSets as well as one boolean toggle. Each set holds one fractal plant and the toggle stores which set is currently shown and which can be redrawn. The rest of the program relies on local variables but still somewhere theres a memory leak.p  pI have two ideasp  ul lipI am removing the elements from a set as it is redrawn. Is it sufficient to call Element.remove for each Element of the setpli lipIs there maybe a memory leak in Raphael I dont want to appear rude  the inventor of Raphael is certainly an ingenious mastermind but I cant find the problem in my code. Maybe there is some known issue pli ul  pUPDATE heres the codep  precode    var toggle  true window.onload  function       var paper  Raphael10, 50, 1000, 1000     var word  X     paper.clear     var n  4     forvar i  0 i lt n i          word  applyRulesword          var set1  paper.set     drawpaper, word, set1     set1.attrfill, green     set1.attrstroke, green     set1.attropacity, 1     var set2  paper.set     drawpaper, word, set2     set2.attrfill, green     set2.attrstroke, green     set2.attropacity, 0     var toggle  true     var interval  window.setIntervalfunction           return redrawpaper, set1, set2     , 3000  var remove  function Element      Element.remove  var redraw  function paper, set1, set2      var n  3  Math.floorMath.random  4     var word  X     forvar i  0 i lt n i          word  applyRulesword          var length  2  Math.floorMath.random  2     var deltaRot  15  Math.floorMath.random  20     iftoggle          set2.attropacity, 1         set1.forEachremove         drawpaper, word, set1, deltaRot, length         set1.attrfill, green         set1.attrstroke, green         set1.attropacity, 0         toggle  toggle      else          set1.attropacity, 1         set2.forEachremove         drawpaper, word, set2, deltaRot, length         set2.attrfill, green         set2.attrstroke, green         set2.attropacity, 0         toggle  toggle       var Entry  function       function Entry       return Entry  var List  function       function List       return List  var draw  function paper, word, st, deltaRot, length      if typeof deltaRot  undefined  deltaRot  25      if typeof length  undefined  length  2      var x  0     var y  0     var rot  45     var stack  new List     forvar i  0 i lt word.length i          var char  word[i]         switchchar              case F                  var xend  x  Math.cosrot  180  Math.PI  length                 var yend  y  Math.sinrot  180  Math.PI  length                 st.pushpaper.pathM  x  ,  y  L  xend  ,  yend                 x  xend                 y  yend                 break                           case                   rot  rot  deltaRot                 break                           case                   rot  rot  deltaRot                 break                           case X                  break                           case [                  var current  new Entry                 current.Rot  rot                 current.X  x                 current.Y  y                 var newlist  new List                 newlist.head  current                 newlist.tail  stack                 stack  newlist                 break                           case ]                  st.pushpaper.circlex, y, 1                 var current  stack.head                 x  current.X                 y  current.Y                 rot  current.Rot                 stack  stack.tail                 break                              var applyRules  function word      var newword       forvar i  0 i lt word.length i          var char  word[i]         switchchar              case X                  newword  newword  F[[X]X]F[FX]X                 break                           case F                  newword  newword  FF                 break                           case                   newword  newword                   break                           case                   newword  newword                   break                           case [                  newword  newword  [                 break                           case ]                  newword  newword  ]                 break                                 return newword  codepre  pI guess the usage of List and Entry will be slightly confusing. I created this with Typescript and wrote a custom List implementation. Heres some Typescriptp  precodeclass Entry  public X number public Y number public Rot number  class List  public head Entry public tail List  codepre
Negative 387 pJust created a brand new project with Eclipse June 4.2 Use Google App Engine SDK 1.7.4p  pEclipse create a Servlet p  precodepublic class ClockServlet extends HttpServlet      public void doGetHttpServletRequest req, HttpServletResponse resp             throws IOException          resp.setContentTypetextplain         resp.getWriter.printlnHello, world       codepre  pand a simple web.xmlp  precode    ltservletgt     ltservletnamegtClockltservletnamegt     ltservletclassgtclock.ClockServletltservletclassgt ltservletgt ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtClockltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngtclocklturlpatterngt ltservletmappinggt ltwelcomefilelistgt     ltwelcomefilegtindex.htmlltwelcomefilegt ltwelcomefilelistgt codepre  pWhen i deploy it i get the generic HTML error page strongError Server Errorstrong and from the logs i getp  precode    EXCEPTION java.lang.ClassNotFoundException clock.ClockServlet at com.google.appengine.runtime.Request.process0925dcee3db2e16aRequest.java codepre  pBut the servlet exists and the web.xml is correct Where am i wrongp  ptnxp
Negative 387 pI have a codedirectoryAcode which contains sub directories which I created via codegit clonecodep  pI want to create a git repository for the codedirectoryAcode.br But when I do codegit add A ampamp git commit m wcode nothing gets committed.  p  pDo I need to take a special care for dealing with codegitcloned subdirectoriescodep  pcodedirectoryAcode is my special directory for collection of libraries I use for my project.   p
Negative 387 pI would like to learn how to create an online PDF WEB Form using Visual Studios 2010 that can store the data into my SQL Database just not sure where to start.p  pI found a book called iText In Action but seems like it is more for Java developers. Are there any books that will be more geared towards C and creating the web pdf forms Any help on where I should start would be appreciated.p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI need to decode both bitmap and meta data from PNG input stream using [PNGJ] httpcode.google.comppngj library. The problem is that decoding meta data will advance the stream and then I cannot use  bitmap  BitmapFactory.decodeStream.p  pCreating Bitmap on my own is OK but if I need to, say, scale bitmap with interpolation Id rather  use BitmapFactory. To use it I have to create a copy of InputStream every time I have to use PNGJ for getting meta data and BitmapFactory for getting a bitmap. It will be nice to return meta data AND Bitmap from a single PNGJ call at least for most common ARGB8888 format. p  pIn a nutshell, I have to copy the stream to be used by Java libraries which looks like a waste. Returning a bitmap will be one solution.p  precode     register an auxilary chunk name      PngChunk.factoryRegisterThumbNailProvider.chunkID, chunkPROP.class        reader for the stream     PngReader pngr  new PngReaderinStream, debug label PNG reader     ByteArrayOutputStream outputStream  new ByteArrayOutputStream     PngWriter pngw  new PngWriteroutputStream, pngr.imgInfo       copy predata chunks     pngw.copyChunksFirstpngr, ChunkCopyBehaviour.COPYALLSAFE       copy image data     for int row  0 row lt pngr.imgInfo.rows row          ImageLine l1  pngr.readRowrow         pngw.writeRowl1, row            copy afterdata chunks     pngw.copyChunksLastpngr, ChunkCopyBehaviour.COPYALL       pngr.end  close inStream but not its copy     pngw.end  close out stream       save a copy of the stream for Java Libraries     data.inputStream  new ByteArrayInputStreamoutputStream.toByteArray         read the chunk     ChunksList chunkList  pngr.getChunksList     PngChunk chunk  chunkList.getById1L2ThumbNailProvider.chunkID     if chunk  null      ...       codepre
Negative 387 pI have created a Facebook Page Tab app using the a hrefhttpsdevcenter.heroku.comarticlesfacebookHeroku hosting optiona. I see an option for setting the width of the Page Tab to either Normal 810px or Narrow 520px, but dont see an option to set the height, as there is when creating an App on Facebook app.p  pI undestand I could set this app up as an App on Facebook, but am wondering if I might be missing something in the Page Tab app setup.p  pHere is a a hrefhttpcl.lyimage0J2B060v1X2kscreenshota of the App on Facebook and Page Tab app setup page.p
Negative 387 pIm using this code for a highstock, but I want use it for a Pie, can I do it cause is not working p  precodeurl  ... .geturl, function data            hs.htmlExpandnull,            pageOrigin            x pageX,           y pageY      ,      headingText title,      maincontentText data        codepre  pI tried adding that code directly in the click function, and with thisp  precode.AddJavascripFunctiontest,                  hs.htmlExpandnull,                       pageOrigin                      ,                     headingText ... ,                      maincontentText msje                            codepre  pBut refresh the page I dont know why and dont show me the window. Any ideap
Negative 387 pI want to place some controls in a zigzag pattern as shown below. How do I best accomplish this p  pUsing Android 2.2p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comFX8Rc.png altZigzag p
Negative 387 pIm working on a project where I many view controllers and each one it is based on Core data and codeUITableViewcode. I have problem with saving, when we editing table we should store current info and data. Next if user tapped Save button everything should go into codemasterContextcode in codeappDelegatecode class and only then, so we couldnt save dynamicaly in masterContext.p  pMy question is the following. How can I save current data if the user has tapped the save button passing it to the codemasterContextcode Should I create codetemporaryContextcode and than merge it with codemasterContextcodep  pThanks for your answers.p
Negative 387 pI need to dev in responsive and I need to know the exactly height of my blocks.p  precodevar infoHauteur  function       var listeHauteurs  new Array     var total  0     var hauteur  0      .bgimg.eachfunctionindex          hauteur  this.height         total  this.height         listeHauteurs[index]  new Array hauteur, total           return listeHauteurs   alertnew infoHauteur codepre  pAt the first execution, the values are, for exemple  code100, 100, 300, 400code.p  pIt works on my computer but after the refresh, on iPad or iPhone, the values are code0 0 0 0code...p  pWhat could be the cause of thisp
Negative 387 pData length is random in a specific field as belowp  pI want to select only the characters before to the special character.p  pSamplesp  precode1234563 45465648478413 150515147457 codepre  pExpected result is as belowp  precode123456 454656484784 15051514745 codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to get the current users location.br  I have tried to refactor my code to get better results but I just keep getting ridiculous locations in regard to the accuracy, it is between strong900600 metersstrong br  strongHow can I get a better resultstrong, force it  I want something like lt 50m p  pHere is my codep  precodepackage com.agam.mapslocation  import android.location.Criteria import android.location.Location import android.location.LocationListener import android.location.LocationManager import android.os.Bundle import android.app.Activity import android.content.Context import android.view.Menu import android.view.View import android.widget.EditText  public class MapsActivity extends Activity       private static final int ONEMINUTE  1000  60  1      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymaps          final LocationManager locationManager  LocationManager this                 .getSystemServiceContext.LOCATIONSERVICE          final EditText et  EditText findViewByIdR.id.editText1           Define a listener that responds to location updates         LocationListener locationListener  new LocationListener              public void onLocationChangedLocation l                   Called when a new location is found by the network location                  provider.                 Location gps  locationManager                         .getLastKnownLocationLocationManager.GPSPROVIDER                 Location net  locationManager                         .getLastKnownLocationLocationManager.NETWORKPROVIDER                  Location bestLocation  null                 bestLocation  isBetterLocationgps, net                 bestLocation  isBetterLocationbestLocation, l                 ifbestLocationnull                     displayLocationet, bestLocation                           public void onStatusChangedString provider, int status,                     Bundle extras                             public void onProviderEnabledString provider                  if provider.equalsLocationManager.GPSPROVIDER                      et.setTextGPS ON                                            public void onProviderDisabledString provider                                  Register the listener with the Location Manager to receive location          updates         locationManager.requestLocationUpdates                 LocationManager.NETWORKPROVIDER, 0, 0, locationListener         locationManager.requestLocationUpdatesLocationManager.GPSPROVIDER, 0,                 0, locationListener           public static void displayLocationView v, Location l          EditText v.setTextString.format                 Longs,nLats,nAccus,nTime agos,nProviders,                 l.getLongitude, l.getLatitude, l.getAccuracy,                 new java.util.Date.getTime  l.getTime, l.getProvider           Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.activitymaps, menu         return true                  Determines whether one Location reading is better than the current       Location fix              param location                  The new Location that you want to evaluate       param currentBestLocation                  The current Location fix, to which you want to compare the new                  one           protected Location isBetterLocationLocation location,             Location currentBestLocation          if currentBestLocation  null               A new location is always better than no location             return location                    Check whether the new location fix is newer or older         long timeDelta  location.getTime  currentBestLocation.getTime         boolean isSignificantlyNewer  timeDelta gt ONEMINUTE         boolean isSignificantlyOlder  timeDelta lt ONEMINUTE         boolean isNewer  timeDelta gt 0           If its been more than two minutes since the current location, use          the new location          because the user has likely moved         if isSignificantlyNewer              return location              If the new location is more than two minutes older, it must be              worse          else if isSignificantlyOlder              return currentBestLocation                    Check whether the new location fix is more or less accurate         int accuracyDelta  int location.getAccuracy  currentBestLocation                 .getAccuracy         boolean isLessAccurate  accuracyDelta gt 0         boolean isMoreAccurate  accuracyDelta lt 0         boolean isSignificantlyLessAccurate  accuracyDelta gt 200           Check if the old and new location are from the same provider         boolean isFromSameProvider  isSameProviderlocation.getProvider,                 currentBestLocation.getProvider           Determine location quality using a combination of timeliness and          accuracy         if isMoreAccurate              return location          else if isNewer ampamp isLessAccurate              return location          else if isNewer ampamp isSignificantlyLessAccurate                 ampamp isFromSameProvider              return location                  return currentBestLocation            Checks whether two providers are the same      private boolean isSameProviderString provider1, String provider2          if provider1  null              return provider2  null                  return provider1.equalsprovider2       codepre  pNote  I am putting emphasis on static location, e.g. not moving  I am saying this because it may help with the answers.br br  Thanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pI want to call a java activity on a press of link from html using anchor tag. So is that possible.. If not can anyone suggest me how we can call a java activity from html index pagep
Negative 387 pI have a JavaScript Windows 8 App that stores its data in a JSON file in Local Storage. I would like to sync this JSON file to the SkyDrive to enable users to use the app on different machines. Is this possible and has anyone seen a good resource for implementing thisp  pAnother note, I am building a Win8 Phone companion app, so I would like the data accessible to the phone as well.p  pI thought about using Roaming Storage, but there is a data limit, and didnt want to limit the app that way.p  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to prevent my page from refreshing after i hit return in my textfieldp  precodeltinput onkeyupkeyPressCodetitleevent, false, false, 0, 6, 20 classformfield idcodeTitle typetext namecodenamegt codepre  pBut somehow the keyPressCodetitle function will not prevent this even with the as far as i know neccesary requirements to stop it from refreshing the page. It is however showing alerts etc. in the if statement accordingly. So the function and if are working properlyp  pAm i missing something perhapsp  precodefunction keyPressCodetitle e, caseBoolean, isFragment, generalCode, sourceId, projectId, method      Get the key entered via onpressWhich for firefox     var keycode  e.keyCode  e.keyCode  e.which     ifkeycode  13         e.preventDefault         Functioncall here      else          other function here when not pressing return            return false  codepre  pThanks in advance,p
Negative 387 pOn a Windows 32bit and 64bit machine, I have to allocate memory to store large amounts of data that are streaming live, a total of around 1GB. If I use malloc, I am going to obtain a virtual memory address, and this address could be actually causing some paging to the hard drive depending on the amount of memory I have. Unfortunately Im afraid that the HD will impact performance and cause data to be missing.p  pIs there a way to force memory to allocate only in RAM, even if it means that I get an error when not enough memory is available so the user needs to close other things or use another machine I want to guarantee that all operations will be done in memory. If this fails, forcing the application to exit is acceptable.p  pI know that another process may come in and itself take some memory, but I am not worried because in this machine that is not happening itll be the only application on the machine to be doing this large allocation.p  p[Edit] My attempt so far has been to try use VirtualLock as followsp  precodeifSetProcessWorkingSetSizethis, 300000, 300008     printfError Changing Working Set Sizen   Allocate 1GB space unsigned long sz  sizeofunsigned char1000000000 unsigned char  mbuffer  unsigned char  mallocsz  ifmbuffer  NULL      printfMemory Allocation failedn  else       Protect memory from being swapped     ifVirtualLockmbuffer , sz                 printfMemory swap protection failedn                  codepre  pBut the change in Working set fails, and so does the VirtualLock. Malloc does return nonnull.p  p[Edit2] I have tried alsop  precode unsigned long sz  sizeofunsigned char1000000000  LPVOID lpvResult  lpvResult  VirtualAllocNULL,sz, MEMPHYSICALMEMRESERVE, PAGENOCACHE codepre  pBut lpvResult is 0, so no luck there either.p
Negative 387 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8859491afunctiondefinitionisnotallowedherebeforeA functiondefinition is not allowed here before a  p blockquote    pI would like to share this bug I did in my code, one of the hard to find onesp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt  void StartNuclearWar      stdcout ltlt War in progress... ltlt stdendl   int main      int a  0       Get activation codes from Ccodes     a  1      ifa  0          StartNuclearWar       codepre  pWhere is itp
Negative 387 pI would like to develop an application. It could be a game or whatever. I would have the same application in two or more devices. When one of them finish his tasks the other client must receive an notify that he has task to do and his datas should be updated automatically with the last changes. I guess that I would need a server in the middle where Id save the model with the datas and send to them where the smartphones are communicating through it. It could be like a cardgame or kind of. p  pSo,,,, 1. Two or more clients with the same application. 2. When one of them finish his task or turn, the other client should get a notify with his dates updates.p  pI have been looking at GCM, but I dont know if I could send complex datas through it or not,, and maybe there is a better way to make these kind of things. p  pCould someone give a clue where I can startp  pThank you.p
Negative 387 pI have the following example code which consists of 3nested forloops. p  precodeforContinent continent  continentList       forCountry country  continent.getCountries              forCity city  country.getCities                      Do stuff with city objects                codepre  pIs there any way to mimic this nested forloop using Guava and iterators Ive been trying to find a suitable example without much luck, and I was wondering if someone could help me out A coworker of mine mentioned using filters.p  pEDIT Fixed tiny bug in example codep
Negative 387 pI want to write a program which can get audio from many say 30 microphones. I can change connected mic. and can listen to the selected mic. I googled and confused about perfect API. Is codeWavecode enough for me codeNAudiocode is there also and may be many. But which is best for mep  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pI have a problem with an Erlang program where I have reached the maximum number of open files. I have seen a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4242887whiletesingigoterlangerrorbadmatcherrorsystemlimitmodulefunctelsewherea that this maximum can be increased using the environment variable codeERLMAXPORTScode. However, I am struggling to figure out how to do this. p  pWhen I type codesetcode in codecmdcode I do not see any Erlang related Environment Variables, should Ip  pHow do I set codeERLMAXPORTScode From the Erlang shell or OS Shellp  pNote. I am using Windows 7.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to create a fixture list for a season based on the ids of teams. There are 20 teams, and each week, any one team can only play once. So, for week one, the fixtures would be 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, ..., 19, 20. Then week two, 1, 3, 2, 4, 5, 7, ..., 18, 20.p  pIs there some sort of a formula I could do that would work the fixtures out easily Maybe combinations are not the best thing to use here. What would be the best way about going to solve this problemp  precodeclass FixtutreGenerator    a  Array1..20    i  0    while i lt a.combination2.toa.length     print a.combination2.toa[i]     i  i  20  end end codepre
Negative 387 pI have a codeUITabBarControllercode With the 5 Tabs and I want When I click on the codeTab 2codeand make changes on that by changing the options on that Tab and then move to Next Tab say codeTab3code and I want when again I come back to codeTab 2code the data should be reload of that.p  pMeans codeTab 2make changesgt Tab 1 gt Tab 2it should reload ,it should not display me the changescodep  pHow to reload that tab..p  pi was using the below code but does not works..the changes are remain same..p  precode [self.navigationController popToRootViewControllerAnimatedNO] codepre
Negative 387 pI know this question has been asked multiple times, but I have an apparently clean code that just doesnt work, giving me no Exceptions or anything.p  pI have a trivial onebutton Activity codeMainActivitycode. The button in it calls an codeAsyncTaskcode in order to send an email in the background. I tried to do what I guess its a pretty common thing show a codeProgressDialogcode when the task starts and dismiss it when it ends. To do so I put the abovementioned code into codeAsyncTask.onPreExecutecode and codeAsyncTask.onPostExecutecode. I thought the problem was in the codeContextcode provided to the dialog constructor, but I created a simple constructor for my codeAsyncTaskcode to which I pass the application context. I added a simple codeToastcode to debug, but it doesnt show up neither...p  pHeres the code for the button codeonClickcode methodp  precodepublic void onClickView v      new Senderthis.executeargs  codepre  pAnd heres the code for the taskp  precodeprivate class Sender extends AsyncTaskltString, Void, Voidgt      private ProgressDialog progDialog     private Context context      public SenderContext context          this.context  context           SuppressWarningsunused         protected void onPreExecuteVoid... params          Toast.makeTextthis.context, Sending..., Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show         progDialog  ProgressDialog.showthis.context, Sending, Picture is being sent..., true           protected Void doInBackgroundString... mailSubj           some code that works         return null           SuppressWarningsunused     protected void onPostExecuteVoid... v          progDialog.dismiss         Toast.makeTextMainActivity.this, Mail sent, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show       codepre  pWhere did I go wrongp
Negative 387 pWhen I try to start a site in IIS it says p  blockquote   pthe process cant access the file because it used by another processp blockquote  pI searched in Google and found that another site may have been using Port 80 but in MyIIS I see that only this site is using Port 80. What else could be using Port 80 or is there another issue involvedp
Negative 387 pIm currently working on an app iOS 6 where the user will be signing in using their facebook account.  In regards to this I have a few questionsp  pa Since the app asks the user for permission to access cetain data like basic profile info, friend list, access to post to wall etc, I assume that the app based on its app id will be somehow authenticated to access this information as long as the user doesnt restrict access through their facebook account. p  pb will it be possible for example via a service application to authenticate with the same app id as the mobile app, and hence be able to collect data from the facebook users who authenticated with the appp  pThe purpose of my question is, that I would like do some analysis on the users using the iphone app, but I dont want the app to first download the information from facebook, and then pass it on to my service for analysis. p  pIf the above is possible, could anyone please guide me in the direction of what it is that I need to do Perhaps links to tutorials that describes this setup, og simply tell me the right facebook terminology that Im looking for to achive this.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pIn one tutorial, there is text like thisp  pWindows 1.03 and Windows 2.0 fisrt Released in 1985 and 1987 respectively.  Windows 95 and Windows 98 are the successor.  Then Windows 2000 and Windows Xp appeared.  Windows Vista is the Latest version of the family.p  pIt uses codeWindows [d.]bcode      to match, but why the result is only  p  precodeWindows 1.03   Windows 2.0    Windows 95    Windows 98    Windows 2000 codepre  pI wonder what code[d.]code meansp
Negative 387 pI have a set of phone numbers, and not everybody has one of each of these numbers. How can I specify that any of the three being satisfied is good enoughp  precodeRuleForp gt p.PhoneHome.MatchesRegexes.TenDigitsOnly.WithMessagePhone numbers must have only ten digits. RuleForp gt p.PhoneWork.MatchesRegexes.TenDigitsOnly.WithMessagePhone numbers must have only ten digits. RuleForp gt p.PhoneCell.MatchesRegexes.TenDigitsOnly.WithMessagePhone numbers must have only ten digits. codepre
Negative 387 pThe function removeduplicates in lisp only works for simple lists like a b c d. My question is that how I can remove duplicate elements from a list with nested lists inside it. So for examplep  pI have a list with nested lists as follows  0 1 0 2 0 1 0 3 p  pand I want to remove one of the 0 1 lists which is repeated twice inside the list above to getp  p 0 1 0 2 0 3 p
Negative 387 pI had gone through various links, but I am unable to solve the problem of losing the content from the list view,p  pMessageAdapter.javap  precodeclass MessageAdapter extends BaseAdapter        ViewHolder viewHolder      LayoutInflater inflaterLayoutInflatergetSystemServiceLAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE       public int getCount               TODO Autogenerated method stub             return ConstantVariables.SmsStatuslist.size                public Object getItemint position               TODO Autogenerated method stub             return position                Override      public long getItemIdint position               TODO Autogenerated method stub             return position                  Override      public View getViewfinal int position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent            if convertView  null               convertView  inflater.inflateR.layout.messagelistrow, null               viewHoldernew ViewHolder               viewHolder.smsfromrowTextViewconvertView.findViewByIdR.id.smsfromtxtview              viewHolder.smstorowTextViewconvertView.findViewByIdR.id.smssendtotxtview              convertView.setTagviewHolder                     else                        viewHolder  ViewHolder convertView.getTag                     ifConstantVariables.SmsStatuslist.getposition.equalsIgnoreCaseTwilioresponseUtils.smssent                        viewHolder.smsfromrow.setVisibilityView.GONE              viewHolder.smstorow.setTextSent ConstantVariables.Smsfromlist.getposition                     else ifConstantVariables.SmsStatuslist.getposition.equalsIgnoreCaseTwilioresponseUtils.smsreceived                        viewHolder.smstorow.setVisibilityView.GONE              viewHolder.smsfromrow.setTextReceived ConstantVariables.Smstolist.getposition                    else                        viewHolder.smsfromrow.setTextMessage in queued.                      convertView.setTagviewHolder            return convertView               class ViewHolder           TextView smsfromrow,smstorow        codepre  pwhen I do not set visibility to gone, list data is not lost, but when i set visibility to gone, then the list data is lost. p  pThis is the XML file which i am using to show the textp  precodeltLinearLayout     xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidorientationvertical gt      ltTextView         androidididsmsfromtxtview         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidpadding12dp         androidtextFrom gt      ltTextView         androidididsmssendtotxtview         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidpadding12dp         androidtextTo gt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre
Negative 387 pI need to filter a data bound DataGridView when a CheckBox is checkedunchecked.p  pThe filter is based on CompletedUncompleted Records. p  pWhen I load the data into the underlying DataTable, I select all records from the Table. p  pWhen the application runs I want it to start up with only uncompleted records present. p  pWhen the user checks the check box it switches to completed tasks.p  pI have been able to do this with using DataView.RowFilter, but the problem is that when ever a user marks an item as completed within the grid, it automatically removes it from view. where the CheckBox is unchecked.p  pI only want the Data to filter as and when the CheckBox is checkedunchecked.p  pThe one thing that I want to stay away from is reloading the data from the database each time the CheckBox.checked event is fired, with a specific SQL statement. p  pI want to filter the Data in memory, but only as and when The user interacts with the CheckBox.p  pAny Suggestions welcome.p
Negative 387 pHow to change js so tab content will be hidden after tab clickpage load until mouseleave tabp  pHere is all samplep  precodelt[CDATA[  window.loadfunction document.readyfunction       .tab.clickfunction          var tabId  this.attrid           tabId  content.hide           .tabcontent.clickfunction          this.hide           .tab.mouseenterfunction          var tabId  this.attrid           tabId  content.show           .tabcontent.mouseenterfunction          this.show           .tab.mouseleavefunction          var tabId  this.attrid           tabId  content.hide           .tabcontent.mouseleavefunction          this.hide       ]]gt   codepre  pindex.php and page1.php are the samep  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 StrictEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1strict.dtdgt lthtml xmllangen xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml langengt ltheadgt   ltmeta httpequivcontenttype contenttexthtml charsetUTF8gt   lttitlegt  jsFiddle demolttitlegt    ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquery1.4.2.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscript typetextjavascript srcTestscript.jsgtltscriptgt    ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefTeststyles.cssgt  ltheadgt ltbodygt  ltdiv idtabsgt     ltulgt         ltli idtab1 classtabgtlta hrefTestpage1.phpgtTab 1ltagtltligt     ltulgt ltdivgt  ltdiv idtabcontentsgt     ltdiv idtab1content classtabcontentgt         ltpgtProin elit arcu, rutrum commodo, vehicula tempus, commodo a, risus. Curabitur nec arcu. Donec sollicitudin mi sit amet mauris. Nam elementum quam ullamcorper ante. Etiam aliquet massa et lorem. Mauris dapibus lacus auctor risus. Aenean tempor ullamcorper leo. Vivamus sed magna quis ligula eleifend adipiscing. Duis orci. Aliquam sodales tortor vitae ipsum. Aliquam nulla. Duis aliquam molestie erat. Ut et mauris vel pede varius sollicitudin. Sed ut dolor nec orci tincidunt interdum. Phasellus ipsum. Nunc tristique tempus lectus.ltpgt         ltbuttongtButton 1ltbuttongt ltbuttongtButton 2ltbuttongt     ltdivgt  ltdivgt  lth1gtNormal page content.lth1gt  ltpgtMauris eleifend est et turpis. Duis id erat. Suspendisse potenti. Aliquam vulputate, pede vel vehicula accumsan, mi neque rutrum erat, eu congue orci lorem eget lorem. Vestibulum non ante. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Fusce sodales. Quisque eu urna vel enim commodo pellentesque. Praesent eu risus hendrerit ligula tempus pretium. Curabitur lorem enim, pretium nec, feugiat nec, luctus a, lacus.ltpgt  ltpgtDuis cursus. Maecenas ligula eros, blandit nec, pharetra at, semper at, magna. Nullam ac lacus. Nulla facilisi. Praesent viverra justo vitae neque. Praesent blandit adipiscing velit. Suspendisse potenti. Donec mattis, pede vel pharetra blandit, magna ligula faucibus eros, id euismod lacus dolor eget odio. Nam scelerisque. Donec non libero sed nulla mattis commodo. Ut sagittis. Donec nisi lectus, feugiat porttitor, tempor ac, tempor vitae, pede. Aenean vehicula velit eu tellus interdum rutrum. Maecenas commodo. Pellentesque nec elit. Fusce in lacus. Vivamus a libero vitae lectus hendrerit hendrerit.ltpgt   ltbodygt   lthtmlgt codepre  pcssp  precodetabs      width 400px  tabs ul      padding 0     margin 0     liststyle none  tabs ul li      float left     padding 10px     background ccc  tabcontents      clear both  .tabcontent      display none     width 400px     background aaa     position absolute  codepre
Negative 387 pI am using foursquare in my application but I cant to signout from the foursquare in my application.p
Negative 387 pI want to create Buttons dynamically and place them on the layout, But it is giving me some error. I am doing this first time, so have very less idea about the things. p  pstrongMy Xml filestrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltRelativeLayout     xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutheightfillparent     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidorientationvertical     androidididparentRelativeLayout              ltLinearLayout                     xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid                     androidlayoutheightfillparent                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidorientationvertical                     androidididdeptKeyslayoutgt      ltcom.hellovx100.in.HorizontalPager         androidididhorizontalpager         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheight0px         androidlayoutmarginTop5dp         androidlayoutmarginLeft310dp         androidlayoutweight1gt         ltScrollView             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparentgt             ltRelativeLayout             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparent             androidididkeyslayout1gt             ltRelativeLayoutgt          ltScrollViewgt         ltScrollView             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparentgt             ltRelativeLayout             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparent             androidididkeyslayout2gt             ltRelativeLayoutgt          ltScrollViewgt         ltScrollView             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparentgt             ltRelativeLayout             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparent             androidididkeyslayout3gt             ltRelativeLayoutgt          ltScrollViewgt         ltScrollView             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparentgt             ltRelativeLayout             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparent             androidididkeyslayout4gt             ltRelativeLayoutgt          ltScrollViewgt     ltcom.hellovx100.in.HorizontalPagergt         ltLinearLayoutgt      lt  ltinclude layoutlayoutkeyslayout                  androidlayouttoRightOfidsubtotalboxgt gt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pstrongBelow is the class in which I am getting the list of records from the DB and Placing those buttons on the layout.My MainClass.javastrongp  precodepackage com.hellovx100.in  import java.util.List import android.app.Activity import android.database.Cursor import android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.view.ViewPager.LayoutParams import android.util.Log import android.widget.AbsoluteLayout import android.widget.Button import android.widget.DigitalClock import android.widget.RadioGroup import android.widget.RelativeLayout  public class MainSaleScreen extends Activity     private HorizontalPager mPager     private RadioGroup mRadioGroup     Cursor mCursor     DatabaseHandler db     RelativeLayout parentLayout     RelativeLayout keysLayout1     RelativeLayout keysLayout2     RelativeLayout keysLayout3     RelativeLayout keysLayout4     com.hellovx100.in.HorizontalPager horizontalPager     Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.mainsalescreen         parentLayoutRelativeLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.parentRelativeLayout         keysLayout1RelativeLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.keyslayout1         keysLayout2RelativeLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.keyslayout2         keysLayout3RelativeLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.keyslayout3         keysLayout4RelativeLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.keyslayout4         DigitalClock dc  DigitalClock findViewByIdR.id.digitalClock1          mPager  HorizontalPager findViewByIdR.id.horizontalpager          mPager.setOnScreenSwitchListeneronScreenSwitchListener          dbnew DatabaseHandlerthis          try               Reading all contacts             Log.dReading , Reading all contacts..             ListltContactgt contacts  db.getAllContacts             final Button dept[]new Button[100]          RelativeLayout.LayoutParams params  new RelativeLayout.LayoutParamsRelativeLayout.LayoutParams.WRAPCONTENT, RelativeLayout.LayoutParams.FILLPARENT             for Contact cn  contacts                  int idcn.getID                 String deptNamecn.getName                 ifid1                     dept[id]new Buttonthis                     dept[id].setTextdeptName                     dept[id].setIdid                     keysLayout1.setLayoutParamsparams                       keysLayout1.addViewdept[id]                                                          else ifidgt2 ampamp idlt7                      dept[id]new Buttonthis                     dept[id].setTextdeptName                     dept[id].setIdid                     params.addRuleRelativeLayout.RIGHTOF,dept[id].getId1                     keysLayout1.setLayoutParamsparams                     keysLayout1.addViewdept[id]                          else ifid8                     dept[id]new Buttonthis                     dept[id].setTextdeptName                     dept[id].setIdid                     keysLayout2.addViewdept[id]                          else ifidgt9 ampamp idlt14                     dept[id]new Buttonthis                     dept[id].setTextdeptName                     dept[id].setIdid                     params.addRuleRelativeLayout.RIGHTOF,dept[id].getId1                     keysLayout2.setLayoutParamsparams                     keysLayout2.addViewdept[id]                          else ifid15                     dept[id]new Buttonthis                     dept[id].setTextdeptName                     dept[id].setIdid                     keysLayout3.addViewdept[id]                     Log.dI am in 5th if, deptName                                  else ifidgt16 ampamp idlt21                     dept[id]new Buttonthis                     dept[id].setTextdeptName                     dept[id].setIdid                     keysLayout3.setLayoutParamsparams                     params.addRuleRelativeLayout.RIGHTOF,dept[id].getId1                     keysLayout3.addViewdept[id]                     Log.dI am in 6th if, deptName                                  else                     Log.dI am in else, id                     String log  Id cn.getID ,Name   cn.getName   ,Phone   cn.getPhoneNumber                      Writing Contacts to log                     Log.dName , log                                                     catchException e             e.printStackTrace                        private final HorizontalPager.OnScreenSwitchListener onScreenSwitchListener           new HorizontalPager.OnScreenSwitchListener               Override              public void onScreenSwitchedfinal int screen                    Check the appropriate button when the user swipes screens.                  switch screen                       case 0                         mPager.setCurrentScreen0, true                          break                      case 1                         mPager.setCurrentScreen1, true                        break                      case 2                         mPager.setCurrentScreen2, true                         break                      default                          break                                                  codepre  pstrongNow the Logcat is belowstrongp  precode0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274 java.lang.ClassCastException android.widget.RelativeLayoutLayoutParams 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.FrameLayout.onLayoutFrameLayout.java288 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.ScrollView.onLayoutScrollView.java1205 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.view.View.layoutView.java7035 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at com.hellovx100.in.HorizontalPager.onLayoutHorizontalPager.java198 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.view.View.layoutView.java7035 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.LinearLayout.setChildFrameLinearLayout.java1249 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.LinearLayout.layoutVerticalLinearLayout.java1125 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.LinearLayout.onLayoutLinearLayout.java1042 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.view.View.layoutView.java7035 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.RelativeLayout.onLayoutRelativeLayout.java909 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.view.View.layoutView.java7035 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.FrameLayout.onLayoutFrameLayout.java333 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.view.View.layoutView.java7035 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.LinearLayout.setChildFrameLinearLayout.java1249 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.LinearLayout.layoutVerticalLinearLayout.java1125 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.LinearLayout.onLayoutLinearLayout.java1042 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.view.View.layoutView.java7035 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.widget.FrameLayout.onLayoutFrameLayout.java333 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.view.View.layoutView.java7035 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.view.ViewRoot.performTraversalsViewRoot.java1045 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.view.ViewRoot.handleMessageViewRoot.java1727 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java123 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4627 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java521 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java868 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java626 0130 150851.970 EAndroidRuntime274  at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pGuide me that where I am doing wrong. I am getting the correct data from the db and its working fine. Any help is appreciated.p
Negative 387 pWhen passing around heap allocated arrays at some point we callp  precodedelete [] ptrName codepre  pHow does the compiler remember how much memory needs to be deallocated p  pContextp  pWeve got several programs that throw around pointers to byte arrays on the heap, for various reasons casting between int32, int8 and others as appropriate. When the memory needs deallocating with a delete call what exactly goes on to make sure the right amount is freedp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI apologize if this is a dumb question, but I have 0 experience with this tool and wanted to know if Im going about using it properly. Ive downloaded flex which, upon compiling my lex file, produces a C file which then needs to be compiled separately. Is this the best way to do itp
Negative 387 pPlease forgive me if this problem has been solved, but I searched and none of the solutions presented here seemed to match my situation. p  pI had a plugin programmed to create a custom post type called Exercises. When I first create the post, the plugin assigns the title to the post URL. For examplep  precodemysite dot comexercisepushups codepre  pThe permalink setting are the default codemysite dot comp123code, but the plugin somehow assigns the custom post title to the URL so it appears as shown above.p  pWith a regular post, Im able to change the post title and the permalink is changed. However, the problem Im having is Im unable to edit the URL title with the custom post after initial creation. For example, I was hoping for thisp  precodemysite dot comexercisepostname codepre  pWhere I can edit codepostnamecode directly from the post admin page.p  pDoes anyone know what could be causing this and where I could make the changes The programmers suggested that it would require nginx rewrite configuration which they are not familiar with. Is there any way to change this so I can edit title after Ive created the exercise I tried changing the permalink settings but that made the custom plugin not functional. p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pMy flex4.6 works normally in debug. But when I create a release version, I gotp  pTypeError Error 1009 Cannot access a property or method of a null object reference.p  pat com.adobe.serializers.utilityTypeUtilitygetArrayType at com.adobe.serializers.jsonJSONDecoderparseObject at com.adobe.serializers.jsonJSONDecoderparseValue at com.adobe.serializers.jsonJSONDecoderdecode at com.bravolucy.football.utilitiesUtilitiesgetAsObjp  plooks like p  pa hrefhttpforums.adobe.commessage4250338 relnofollowhttpforums.adobe.commessage4250338ap  pOriginal project was done in flex4.0 and it uses some swc libraries.p
Negative 387 pI have created one software with the use of SQL Server 2005. and already created setup file. It is working when i install it in my computer. but when i tried it to install on other computer which does not have sql server then it is not working because it did not find sql server.p  pPlease help me. How can i run any software on client pc without installing sql server to their pcp  pOrp  pGive me code through that setup can install sql server to the client or any pc if sql server is not installed on that machine.p
Negative 387 pI have the logarithms of very large values, for example p  precodeloga  1347  logb  1351  codepre  pAnd I am trying to solve this expression p  precodeexploga  0.1  explogb codepre  pOr equivalently this same expression just in a different formp  precodeexp loga   exp log0.1  logb   codepre  pBut of course every time I try to compute exploga or explogb  values I get Inf. Are there any tricks I can use to get a real result  for exploga  0.1  explogb, either in logarithm or  exponential form p  pThank you very much for the helpp
Negative 387 pIs it possible to provide hints to the Include linq queries so that the joining of the child tables can be optimized p  pI have a very generic data model and so, there are multiple referential constraints between tables. I am working with a legacy system, so changing that around would be very difficult.p  pI have a query like the following, which generates very complicated SQL queries.p  precodevar links  A.B.CreateSourceQuery                             .IncludeB1                             .IncludeB1.C1                             .IncludeB1.D1                             .ToArray codepre  pIs there a way to provide hints to the above query, on how to join the respective child entities, so that the SQL generated is more optimized and efficient and the data can be eager loaded.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to append two strings in C.p  pSo this is my code, if I return s3, nothing gets printed. Yet if I return s1 or s2, they return correctly. p  pAlso if I just hit enter on my keyboard twice it prints codeL.codep  pIn C I never had these kinds of problems, yikes.p  pCan someone please check if they see a problemp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt       Return the result of appending the characters in s2 to s1.     Assumption enough space has been allocated for s1 to store the extra     characters.  char append char s1[ ], char s2[ ]      int s1len  strlen s1     int s2len  strlen s2     int s3lenstrlens1strlens2     printfd, s1len     char s3[s3len]     int k     int j     forj0 jlts1len j          s3[j]s1[j]           for k0 klts2len k          s3[ks1len]  s2[k]            return s3   int main        char str1[10]     char str2[10]     while 1          printf str1           if gets str1              return 0                  printf str2           if gets str2              return 0                  printf The result of appending str2 to str1 is s.n,              append str1, str2          return 0  codepre
Negative 387 pIm kind of new to web designing. Im making a project on ruby on rails.I want a form for particular listings in which i can upload images for that listings.Images is in other table.Now one way is i can use file upload but when i edit any listings,it will show file field empty.So, im thinking to use input type text and associate a browse button and javascript for uploading image.Besides,this i also want javacsript function for adding new image,editing imageparticular or deleting imageparticular.So,as u see its kind of giving pain in brain.please explain what to do easily and step wise.Thank Youp
Negative 387 pIn Restkit v0.10 a mapping to a NSDictionary could be done with the following code taken from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma12057398871459httpstackoverflow.coma12057398871459ap  precodeRKObjectMapping mapping  [RKDynamicObjectMapping dynamicMapping] mapping.objectMappingForDataBlock  id data      NSDictionary object  [data objectForKey object]     NSArray keys  [object allKeys]      RKObjectMapping dataMapping  [RKObjectMapping objectMapping]     Use the keys to define mapping     return dataMapping  codepre  pIn v0.20 this isnt anymore possible. How can I implement the same on Restkit v0.20p
Negative 387 pIm using dynamic cells with reusable prototypes and have always set up the cells in cellForRowAtIndexPath.p  pFor one of the cells Id like to update the detail text label numerous times a test is being run, and I want to update the user as each stage occurs.p  pIs this possible to dop  pI tried thisp  pThe detaillabel is currently set to the value of statusText, which is blank to start with. My idea was to use a delegate, pass the string to it and then reload the tabledata, but this isnt working.p  pCurrently I havep  pCode when a status changesp  precode[self currentStatusSpeed Test Initialized] codepre  pcurrentStatus methodp  precode void currentStatusNSString status       [statusDelegate currentStatusstatus]     statusText  status     NSLogCurrent status , statusText     [self.tableView reloadData]  codepre  pNow that statusText equals a value I wanted the cell to update upon reload, but it doesnt. p  pAny tipsp
Negative 387 pI dont know how to install web client service on windows server 2012. Any help would be appreciated.p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI created a checkbox list with 8 chechboxes added dynamically. The idea of my program is   when a box is checked, a chart appears on my plotter, when i uncheck it, it disappears.p  pMy problem is that I dont know how to manage the events to do that because I added the checkboxes dynamically and I need 8 different events for 8 different charts.p  pThanks.p
Negative 387 precodex  rawinputWrite a number if x.isalpha     print Invalid elif x20     print The number you have written is EVEN elif x20     print The number you have written is ODD else     print Invalid codepre  pIt is supposed to check if the number is odd or even and print it out. My if statement checks if the rawinput was an alphabet because that wont work. And my elif statements check for odd or even.p
Negative 387 pI have this sample program. It clears the screen and the scrollback buffer.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt int mainvoid    printfec   return 0  codepre  pHowever I have read thatp  blockquote   pnot all terminals take the ANSIVT100 escape sequences.p blockquote  pSo I am wanting to use something like codeerasecode as a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma3646333Gilles suggestsa. However codeerasecode and friends seem to only clear the screen and not the buffer.p
Negative 387 pI have several thousands of rows that Im loading into a database utilizing Pentaho.  I must keep the string value length at 4 characters.  The source file may only have a single character but it is still needed to keep the length at 4 characters to maintain consistency in the database.p  pExamplebr Source strong10strongbr Database expected results strong0010strongp  pIm using a replace in string transformation or could use a java expression, which ever one works.  Please help and provide a resolution utilizing either method Regex or Javascript expression.p  pThanks,p
Negative 387 pIm trying to pass two parameters, one of which is an email address. p  proutes also tried stronganystrongp  precodeRouteany     userconfirmrequestanyany, array                                              uses gt userconfirmrequest codepre  pcontroller also tried strongpostconfirmrequeststrongp  precodepublic function getconfirmrequestemail, term     do stuff  codepre  pUltimately, all Im trying to do is hit that route and send an email to a user with those two parameters. But I keep getting a 404 error. The email gets encoded and the route looks like thisp  precodeemail40gmail.comsomeString codepre  pIm able to take out 40 and it works just fine just gives me an error for the sendmail.  Why would the 40 be throwing a 404 error Could it be a Laravel thingp
Negative 387 pIm loading a shared library using dlopen function in C program.p  pThen how to check it is successfully loaded or not  or Can we check that loading of library using mangled name of any function present in that  library p
Negative 387 pI have a program with this codep  precodemutable boostconditionvariable cvRun  void CAteEngineInternalRunSync      boostmutex m     boostuniquelockltboostmutexgt lockm     Run     wait for run to complete     cvRun.waitlock   int  CAteEngineInternalRunXSyncint FramesToRun      boostmutex m     boostuniquelockltboostmutexgt lockm     int retVal  RunXFramesToRun     wait for run to complete     cvRun.waitlock     return retVal    void CAteEngineInternalOnRunCompletedint  status       cvRun.notifyall  codepre  pim working with CLI and im getting the following Error brbasictimedmutex.hpp216 fatal error C1001 An internal error has occurred in the compilerp  pI would like to replace this boostmutex code and find a way to overcome this complier error. im wokring with C on VS2012 and C on VS2010. the CLI is on VS2010 as well.p  pany suggestions what to use  i need it to be crossplatform, and able to compile it in VS2010.p
Negative 387 pIn my jsf application files names are displayed using datatable component with checkbox option for each files and their is a single download button. When user select any file and click download button it should download into client machine default folder set by browser or into specified folder.For ExampleDdstoreFiles Without dispalying saveopencancel dialogue box. Application is developed using eclipse.p
Negative 387 pIm attempting to consume a 3rd party WSDL. I have added it as a service reference. I initalize the client and query paramaters like thisp  precodevar ltRequest  new SearchEmailAddressStatus                                EmailAddress  emailAddressList.ToArray              var ltClient  new CommunicationPreferenceServiceClient                               ClientCredentials                                             UserName                                                          UserName  ltProperties.CompanyCredential.UserName,                              Password  ltProperties.CompanyCredential.Password                                                                  var ltResponse  ltClient.searchEmailAddressStatusWSltRequest codepre  pAfter watching the packets in Fiddler, Ive noticed the Auth header is never sent to the server. Is there any way to manually insert an authorization header in my request p
Negative 387 pI currently have a wxPanel that I draw lines, text etc on to in response to paint events by using a device context from wx.PaintDC. However, my drawing can exceed the size of the panel and it continues off the visible screen. The only way to see more of the drawing is to expand the application window, which is impractical and still may not allow the full drawing to be seen in the case of very large drawings. Ideally, I want to be able to scroll the drawing so that the application window does not need to be resized and large drawings can be seen.p  pLooking around, it seems that I may want to use a wxScrolledPanel instead of a wxPanel. However, ive had no success with using this  would using a wxScrolledPanel only work when using controls e.g. buttons, text fields rather than painting on the device contextp  pWhat is the appropriate way to scroll a panel that has been drawn onp
Negative 387 pI need to look through a text file quickly and for every line that contains a specific value represented as Val, and I basically want do this set a Count1 so that by the end of it Count  number of Val in text file. Heres what I have, but it takes waay to long cause it has to got though all couple hundred lines in the filep  precodeset Count0 FOR F usebackq delims a in File do    if a  Val set a Count1  echo.Count codepre
Negative 387 pI have the following view where Im using a pan gesture in the upwards or downwards direction to rotate it positively or negativelyp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com2gbCE.png altenter image description herep  pIm wondering, is there a mathematical equation to precisely covert the amount panned to the amount it should be rotated so the timing is correct to keep the users finger on the view while it is rotating For instance, if the pan translation comes back as 1, what would the proper amount be to rotate it. p
Negative 387 p[Updated with working solution] I have an RSS feed which gets displayed correctly in RSS clients, but when being validated by a hrefhttpfeedvalidator.org relnofollowhttpfeedvalidator.orga I get this errorp  precodepubDate must be an RFC822 datetime codepre  pMy date is formatted as followsp  pstrongcodeWed, 27 Feb 2013 171815 CETcodestrongp  pAny idea what could be wrong Could it be the timezonep  h1strongSOLUTIONstrongh1  pThanks to Calum I got a valid RSS feed now. Reason was the codeCETcode not being supported in the codepubDatecode.  p  pThe following Java Code is working now finep  precodeString pubDate  new SimpleDateFormatEEE, dd MMM yyyy HHmmss Z.formatnew Date codepre
Negative 387 pSo Ive been working on part of this program for a few hours straight. I have a few lines of code that have stumped me for over an hour now. It just doesnt make sense. I read the lines over and over again and think in my head what it should do, but its not doing it Its probably some stupid mistake that I keep overlooking usually happens to me.. or it could be from lack of sleepconstantly working on it for the last few hours.p  pThe program is quite long, but the chunk of code Im having issues with is only a few lines  so Ill only post the whole thing if needed.p  hr  pOk, so here is a quick run down of what this should be doingp  pI have a single vector, filled with with manually set strings 19, each being 79 characters long. This 1 dimensional vector will be treated as a 2d vector  as im trying to keep it basic. So this vector of strings, if displayed 1 string per line, essentially creates a grid with rectangle sections of . and paths of  connecting the rectangle sections. It should get an x and y coordinate, passed to the function. It loops through like a 2d vector and finds the location. It checks to see if the char at the location is NOT . or  else, it changes the char to an X to mark its position. I set the testing up with a valid x,y coordinate that is the location of a .  The problem is right after the line where i cout match found  When the program runs, it displays the value of vLevel[i][j]  . But for some reason, it doesnt go to the else statement where the function is called 4 more times and I put the cout statement. Heres what the grid looks like. The white spaces are spaces.. each line is a string in the vectorp  precode.......                                                                     .......  .......                                                            ..............      ..........................                            .......  .......      ..........................                                     .......      ..........................     ..........                      .......      ....................................                                   ..........................     ..........                                   ..........................                                                 ..........................                                                                                                                                                                                   ........              ............                .......                  ........              ............                .......                  ........              ............    ....        .......                  ....................    ....        .......                  ........               ................                                 ........               ............    ....                             codepre  hr  pHeres the section of code Im dealing withp  precodevoid markPositionvectorltstringgt amp vLevel, int x, int y     cout ltlt x  ltlt x ltltendl     cout ltlt y  ltlt y ltltendl      bool doubleCheck  true extra bool I added for testing purposes      for int i  0 i lt vLevel.size i              for int j  0 j lt vLevel[i].size j                      displays if x andor y are out of range                     if doubleCheck                             if x lt 0  x gt vLevel[i].size                                     cout ltlt X is out of range ltlt endl                                     doubleCheck  false                                                          if y lt 0  y gt vLevel.size                                     cout ltlt Y is out of range ltlt endl                                     doubleCheck  false                                                                       else                              return                                           if j  x ampamp i  y      THIS IS THE PROBLEM LOL                             cout ltlt match found  ltlt vLevel[i][j] ltlt endl                             if vLevel[i][j]  .  vLevel[i][j]                                       cout ltlt Located in the blankness ltlt endl                                     return                                                           else                                      cout ltlt I dont get reached ltlt endl                                     vLevel[i][j]  X                                     markPositionvLevel,i1,j                                     markPositionvLevel,i1,j                                     markPositionvLevel,i,j1                                     markPositionvLevel,i,j1                                                                               codepre  hr  pThe spacing got messed up when pasting it, so i tried to clean it up a bit. I dont get why it skips the else. Like I said, Im sure Ill feel dumb once this is resolved. I need sleep lol.p  pLet me know if you need more info. Thanks in advancedp
Negative 387 pMy program saves a pointcloud to file, where each pointcloud is a codePoint3D[,]code, from the codeSystem.Windows.Media.Media3Dcode namespace. This shows a line of the output file in portuguesep  precode112,64408874197171,796623005014NaN No  um nmero codepre  pwhile Id like it to be on order to be correctly parsed afterwardsp  precode112,64408874197171,796623005014NaN codepre  pThe block of code that generates the file is herep  precodevar lines  new Listltstringgt  for int rows  0 rows lt malha.GetLength0 rows      for int cols  0 cols lt malha.GetLength1 cols           double x  coordenadasx[cols]         double y  coordenadasy[rows]         double z          if  SomeTest               z  alglib.rbfcalc2model, x, y          else              z  double.NaN                   var p  new Point3Dx, y, z         lines.Addp.ToString                                 malha[rows, cols]  p        File.WriteAllLines........dummydatamalha.txt, lines codepre  pIt seems like the codedouble.NaN.ToStringcode method, called from inside codePoint3D.ToStringcode, includes that parenthesized additional explanation which I dont want at all.p  pIs there a way to changeoverride this method so that it outputs only codeNaNcode, without the parentheses partp
Negative 387 pI have a page with tabcontrol.p  pI am binding a list of locations a tabitem in the control.p  pThe records are listed in a listview.p  pI am able to edit records by binding input controls to the listview.selecteditem.p  pMy problem is when I want to add a new record. I want to minimise code behind.p  pViewModelp  precodeprivate ObservableCollectionltLocationViewModelgt locations      public ObservableCollectionltLocationViewModelgt Locations              get  return locations            public LocationListViewModel              locations  new ObservableCollectionltLocationViewModelgt          foreach Service.Location l in service.GetLocationList.OrderByl gt l.Building.ThenByl gt l.Floor                      locations.Addnew LocationViewModel                                                                      id  l.id,                                     Building  l.Building,                                     Floor  l.Floor,                                     RoomNo  l.RoomNo,                                     MapTitle  l.MapTitle,                                     MapExtension  l.MapExtension,                                     Map  l.Map,                                     DateCreated  l.DateCreated,                                     CreatedByID  l.CreatedByID,                                     CreatedByDesc  l.CreatedByDesc,                                     DateEdited  l.DateEdited,                                     EditedByID  l.EditedByID,                                     EditedByDesc  l.EditedByDesc                                                                             codepre  pXMLp  precodeltTabItem xNametabSettingsLocations xUidtabSettingsLocations      HeaderLocations     DataContextStaticResource ResourceKeyLocationListgt ..... codepre  pExample of successful binding to listview for editsp  precodeltTextBox xNametxtSettingLocationBuildingEdit      Margin90,17,0,0 StyleDynamicResource SettingsTextBoxStyle     TextBinding SelectedItem.Building, ElementNamelvwSettingsLocations,     ModeTwoWay gt codepre  pExample of unsuccessful binding for new record uses different set of input controlsp  precodeltTextBox xNametxtSettingLocationBuildingAdd       Margin90,17,0,0 StyleDynamicResource SettingsTextBoxStyle      TextBinding Building, ElementNamelvwSettingsLocations,      ModeOneWayToSourcegt codepre  pI also tried to bind the child tab item to the same data sourcep  precodeltTabItem xNametbSettingsLocationsAdd xUidtbSettingsLocationsAdd      HeaderAdd New     DataContextStaticResource ResourceKeyLocationListgt  ltTextBox xNametxtSettingLocationBuildingAdd       Margin90,17,0,0 StyleDynamicResource SettingsTextBoxStyle      TextBinding Buildinggt codepre  pTo no avail.p  pI also tried creating a new child dataview but I want it all to be bound together so that the interface updates whatever I do add or edit.p  pAnyone helpp
Negative 387 pI have to implement charting controlswaveforms specifically that can be n in number and have to plot them dynamically with certain range of values.p  pI am using Silverlight 3 for Windows Embedded and i have to code for an embedded device.p  pWindows Embedded 7 uses VC code but there are no charting controls.p  pI think I will be needing to write a control for that.p  pI am novoice. Any help would be appreciatedp
Negative 387 pIf I missed a similar question, Im truly sorry  I have done what I believe to be quite a bit of digging on this subject and come up empty handed.p  pIs it possible or practical to do one of the followingp  pstrong1strong Use the data from a web form to populate fields in a PDFp  por strong2strong Simply upload the PDF and allow the user to complete and submit it onlinep  pI dont necessarily have a preference between the two, other than the most practical solution.p
Negative 387 pjavascript too fast when i set  codesetIntervalfunctioncode down or up i guess, speed wise to code100code or code500code and wont load codemypage.phpcode as it doesnt have time i think dont want to slow counter down either. so is there a php equivalent that can with the little number display like this, see jsfiddle or is there a better javascript counter  would prefer php, any ideasp  pThanks heaps, any help would be great.p  pChanged the page link to codecode as it will freeze things otherwise  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netaEXgB2 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netaEXgB2a  Also added codeexitcodebut didnt help.p  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt function countdown     var i  document.getElementByIdcounter    if parseInti.innerHTMLgt3000         location.href  mypage.php        exit        i.innerHTML  parseInti.innerHTML1  setIntervalfunction countdown ,.75 ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt  ltdiv stylemarginleft20px floatleftgtltpgtCountdownltfont color33CC00gt ltspan     idcountergt10 ltspangtltfontgtltpgtltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 387 pMy purpose is to make a keylogger and I dont want to just to copy the available codes out there around the internet because they can easily get caught by antivirus so I am writing one with an algorithm to make it seems like it is not recording the keystrokes.  I wrote a program to make that while window is on top and it worked well. Then I used the following code to make it invisiblep  precodeHWND Stealth AllocConsole Stealth  FindWindowAConsoleWindowClass, NULL ShowWindowStealth,0 codepre  pbut now the program can not capture the keystrokes because I cant anymore interact to the program. Is there a code line that makes it possible to interact with a window in invisible while other window is on topp
Negative 387 pemI know there are better ways to achieve drawing tools using CoreGraphics and whatnot, Im using this UIView method because I want to achieve a pixelated effect and I have some other custom stuff in mind that would be difficult to do with just the built in CG code.em brbrbrbr I have a grid of 400 UIViews to create my pixelated canvas...  brThe user selects a paint color and begins to drag their finger over the canvas of 400 UIViews, as their finger hits a UIView the color of that UIView aka pixel will change to the color the user has selected...  brbrRight now I have coded the whole thing and everything is working but it is laggy because I am using touchesMoved and many points are skipped...p  pbrbr I am currently using touchesMoved and am moving a UIView to the fingers locationI am calling this the codefingerLocationRectcode. brbrp  pWhen I update a pixels 1 of 400 miniature UIViews color I am doing so by checking if the codefingerLocationRectcode is intersection any one of my UIView rects. If they are I update the color.p  precodevoidtouchesMovedNSSet touches withEventUIEvent event      UITouch touch  [touches anyObject]     CGPoint currentPosition  [touch locationInViewself.view]     fingerLocationRect.center  CGPointMakecurrentPosition.x, currentPosition.y     int tagID  1     while tagID lt 400          ifCGRectIntersectsRectfingerLocationRect.frame, [drawingView viewWithTagtagID].frame              [drawingView viewWithTagtagID].backgroundColor  [UIColor colorWithRedredVal255.f greengreenVal255.f blueblueVal255.f alpha1.f]                  tagID        codepre  pbrbrp  pThe problem is that touchesMoved is not updated very often... so if I drag my finger across the canvas only like 5 of the pixels change instead of the 40 I actually touched.p  pbrbrp  pIm wondering if using codeCGRectIntersectsRectcode with codetouchesMovedcode is the best method to detect if the user slides of a UIView... Right now it is not updating nearly fast enough and I am getting the result on the left instead of the result on the right. I only achieve the effect on the right if I move my finger VERY slowly...p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXcSQd.png altenter image description herep  pbrbr All that said, is there a method for detecting when a user slides over a UIView other than using codetouchesMovedcode If not, any ideas on how to grab all of the UIViews inbetween the touch locations returned by touchesMoved I have them all having tags of 1400 the first row is 110, second row is 1121, etc.p  pP.s. if a codepanGestureRecognizercode updated more frequently than a codetouchesMovedcode brbrbr To get an idea of what the 400 UIViews look like here they all are with codearc4randomcode based colors brbr img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPodnt.png altenter image description here brbrbrbrp
Negative 387 pI have an array and I dont predict how many elements could be there in the array. And I want to keep only first five elements of the array and truncate the rest of the elements. Is there any build in PHP function to perform this actionp
Negative 387 pIm trying to get the manager name from the active directory but am receiving the error An operations error occured when it throws the exception.p  pCode is belowp  precodepublic override void ItemAddingSPItemEventProperties properties     base.ItemAddingproperties     try            var requester  properties.Web.CurrentUser        properties.AfterProperties[Requester]  requester        Get the manager name from the active directory       var domain  System.Net.NetworkInformation.IPGlobalProperties.GetIPGlobalProperties.DomainName    DirectoryEntry dir  new DirectoryEntryLDAP  domain       Exeception occurs on this line below.       string managerName  dir.Properties[Manager].Value.ToString        properties.AfterProperties[Manager]  managerName         catchException ex           codepre  pstrongEditstrong Was able to get this figured out using the code belowp  precodetry               set up domain context         PrincipalContext ctx  new PrincipalContextContextType.Domain           find a user         UserPrincipal user  UserPrincipal.FindByIdentityctx, Environment.UserName         string samAccountName             if user  null                       do something here....                  samAccountName  user.SamAccountName                    Get the manager name from the active directory         var domain  System.Net.NetworkInformation.IPGlobalProperties.GetIPGlobalProperties.DomainName          usingDirectoryEntry dir  new DirectoryEntryLDAP  domain                      using DirectorySearcher ds  new DirectorySearcherdir, samAccountName  samAccountName                               SearchResult result  ds.FindOne                  string managerName  result.Properties[manager][0].ToString                                  catch Exception ex              var message  ex.Message      codepre
Negative 387 pIm having trouble in actually using POST to savechange information on my database. Could someone please help mep  precodeNSDictionary newDatasetInfo  [NSDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsAndKeysun, username, n, name, pn, phonenumber,em, email, nil]  NSError error  NSData jsonData  [NSJSONSerialization dataWithJSONObjectnewDatasetInfo optionskNilOptions erroramperror]   NSMutableURLRequest request  [[NSMutableURLRequest alloc] init] [request setURLurl] [request setHTTPMethodPOST] [request setValueapplicationjson forHTTPHeaderFieldContentType] [request setValueapplicationjson forHTTPHeaderFieldAccept] [request setHTTPBodyjsonData]   print json NSLogJSON summary , [[NSString alloc] initWithDatajsonData                                                  encodingNSUTF8StringEncoding] NSURLConnection connection  [[NSURLConnection alloc] initWithRequestrequest delegateself] [connection start] codepre  pThe code above is from the application my server side codes looks like  Also please not that this code is in a php filep  precodeifissetGET[username]       adding new record     q  sprintfinsert into users username, name, phoneNumber, email values s,s, s, s,         mysqlrealescapestringGET[username],         mysqlrealescapestringGET[name],         mysqlrealescapestringGET[phone],         mysqlrealescapestringGET[email]  else       update the  record     q  sprintfupdate users set name  s, phoneNumber  s, email  s where username  s,         mysqlrealescapestringGET[name],         mysqlrealescapestringGET[phoneNumber],         mysqlrealescapestringGET[email],         mysqlrealescapestringGET[username]  codepre
Negative 387 pIm new to virtualenv, but the error Im getting doesnt make any sense to me.p  pWhen I do codepip install MultiStringcode in my Python 2.7 virtualenv, i can then use the package without problems.p  pIf I do the same in Python 3.2, the install runs as expected, but when trying to import, i get p  precode  File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File hometomp3libpython3.2sitepackagesmultistringinit.py, line 1, in ltmodulegt     from MultiString import MultiString ImportError No module named MultiString codepre  pEven though p  precodep3tomK9 ls alh hometomp3libpython3.2sitepackagesmultistring total 28K drwxrwxrx 3 tom tom 4.0K Mar 22 1144 . drwxrwxrx 7 tom tom 4.0K Mar 22 1143 .. rwrwr 1 tom tom   36 Mar 22 1143 init.py rwrwr 1 tom tom  12K Mar 22 1143 MultiString.py drwxrwxrx 2 tom tom 4.0K Mar 22 1143 pycache codepre  pIf I codecdcode into that directory and do codepython init.pycode from within the p3 virtualenv, there are no issues. Likewise, if I codecdcode into that directory and open an interactive session, Im able to import and use the library as usual. p  pThe error message given reveals that its finding the right package, but I dont get why its unable to import it. p  pI tried adding codehometomp3libpython3.2sitepackagescode to the codePATHcode environment variable, just in case, but it did not fix the issue. p  pIm trying to use tox to test my librarys compatibility with Python 3, and i havent used Python 3 much, but I sense this is more an issue with virtualenv.p
Negative 387 pI have a page with a fixedposition sidebar. Id like the sidebar to be scrollable in the case where its content is too tall to fit within the browser window.p  pHowever, when I style the sidebar with codeoverflowy scrollcode, the scrollbar shows up but it is disabled because the sidebar is tall enough to hold all the content even though its too tall for the browser window.p  pIs there any way to restrict the height of a fixedposition element such that it will scroll when its content extended below the bottom of the browser windowp  pA jQuery solution is acceptable for my application. Note that the sidebar does not extend all the way to the top of the window.p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netnA8z4 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netnA8z4ap  pa hrefhttpjsbin.comiqibew2 relnofollowhttpjsbin.comiqibew2a  This version shows a header, which the sidebar must appear below.p
Negative 387 pIm having trouble with my following C code p  precodeint mainvoid      FILE infile  fopenfile,r     FILE fp  NULL      unsigned char buffer  malloc512      while freadbuffer,512,1,infile gt 0  reading a file block by block             ifbuffer[0]  0xff                ... defining variable name                iffp  NULLfclosefp                fp  fopenname,w                fwritebuffer,512,1,fp             else iffp  NULL                     fwritebuffer,512,1,fp                     codepre  pIt seems that i cant fopen after fclose using the same pointer, why  I need my pointer to remain accessible everywhere in the main so i cant declare a new one in my while.p  pstrongEDIT Oh god, problem solved. I was probably super tired. I was compiling the wrong file. Anyway...strongp  pstrongThanks, folks strongp
Negative 387 pI have implemented to methods that loads me array of sounds p  precodevoid soundSuper      [soundEngine stopAllSounds]      [soundEngine playSound1000tag sourceGroupId1 pitch1 pan1 gain1.0f loopNO]     NSLogsound1 activated      [self scheduleselectorplaySecondSound interval2]   void playSecondSound      [self unscheduleselectorplaySecondSound]     [soundEngine playSound1008tag sourceGroupId1 pitch1 pan1 gain1.0f loopNO]     NSLogsound2 activated  codepre  phere, it loads the sound and then is played when touching a button. The 2 sounds, at the same moment. The thing is that now, I want to load the sound in my initScene. I am getting this with this methodp  precode[self scheduleselectorsoundSuper interval2] codepre  pbut the problem is that when I enter, the sound is played, but it loops all the time. I dont know what to do, because I have unshedule it on the void second sound method. Is something wrongp
Negative 387 pI have a service interface that requires different attributes in different situations. In short there are two options  p  precode[DispatchByBodyElementBehavior] public interface FooPortType      [OperationContractAttributeAction  , ReplyAction  ]     FooResponse GetResponseFooRequest request  codepre  pand  p  precodepublic interface FooPortType      [OperationContractAttributeAction  FooAction, ReplyAction  ]     FooResponse GetResponseFooRequest request  codepre  pI could distinguish between the two using compiler options, but I was wondering if there is some way to do this at runtime, for example based on an option in the config file.p  pThanks.p  pstrongUpdatestrong Im trying to solve this by changing the attributes at runtime, but ran into problems there, as well a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions15808141changingoperationcontractattributeactiondoesntworkfollowup questiona. Ill update this question as I find out more.p
Negative 387 pi want to  send string messages as well as images.i am designing android chatting application which user is allowed to share images and chatstring as well Java Server is at the backend which listens and broadcasts. I am going through several articles but still confused. 1how can i send data and while at receiveing server can know its string or image 2should i have separate sockets for listening and then broadcasting for images and strings respectively 3can i have an object which can hold strings as well as images in byte array and passit on to java server Please help also i am confused that should i use objectoutputstreamdataoutputstream to achieve it.p
Negative 387 pI have an iphone app that contains xib with Use AutoLayOut as checked.But building that app in iphone 5.0 simulator getting the app crasged due to NSLayoutConstraint.p  pAs autolayout not there in ios5 unchecked autolayout and the app runs on iphone5 simulator wiyh out crashing but the subviews present in that viewcontroller are not formatting properly.p  pIs there any way to do this .p
Negative 387 pI have a 100element List of class objects. The class has 2 member variables, both Doubles. I want to sort the list by Class1.A ascending, then within a specified sublist of this sorted list e.g. elements 5 through 60, output Class1.A for max Class1.B.p  pI understand this should be very doable in LINQ, but Im very new to LINQ outside of running SQL queries in C, and I havent found a tutorialQampA thats really helped me make this work.p  pThank you very much in advance.p  precodepublic class Class1   public Double A   public Double B    public void CompareByAClass1 C1, Class1 C2          return C1.A.CompareToC2.A        public Double FindMaxAWithinSubsetListltClass1gt L, int X, int Y    L.SortClass1.CompareByA    Once L has been sorted by A, within the sublist of L with element             indices between X and Y, find the element with maximum B, and output its A.  codepre
Negative 387 pI have installed the following plugins on my Jenkinsp  ol lia hrefhttpswiki.jenkinsci.orgdisplayJENKINSNUnitPlugin relnofollowNUnitali lia hrefhttpswiki.jenkinsci.orgdisplayJENKINSxUnitPlugin relnofollowxUnitali lia hrefhttpswiki.jenkinsci.orgdisplayJENKINSEmailextplugin relnofollowEmailextali ol  pThen I pointed the paths to my NUnit reports .xmls in plugin settings I tried both Nunit and xUnit plugins. After build I can see the test reports in the Jenkins web page, but I cant achieve it in emails.p  pWhat I unsuccessfully tried to dop  ol lipRender FAILEDTESTS value in the emailext plugin configuration. It is rendered as No tests ran.pli liSetup SCRIPT, templategroovyhtmllarry.template as template and add the following linesli ol  pp  precodelt     ifbuild.testResultAction      gt     There are some tests     lt  else  gt     Nothing     lt  gt codepre  punfortunately, it is rendered as Nothing.p  pSo the problem I cant see tests results in emails but it is available in the web page. Have someone solved such problemp
Negative 387 pAs far as I know the limit on codemaxReceivedMessageSizecode property is limited by max int size which is 2147483647 bytes 2gb Im hoping this information is not correct as Im typing it .p  pIn my application I need to send files over this size limit, I need to be able to send more than 45 gb files. Is there any workaround for that or should I follow another approach I am really stuck here.p  pEven if my codemaxReceivedMessageSizecode limit is 2gb now my service throws out of memory exception at 1.5 gb both while uploading and downloading. Please help me out.p
Negative 387 pA Java class made for video coding loads a DLL including C code p  precodeUnpacking debugging symbols for VideoSource.dll to path Checking for VideoSource.pdb... Checking for videosource.pdb... codepre  pand then tries to instantiate a native C class from that DLLp  precode     VideoSource is implemented in C and wrapped with JNI,       wrapper files were generated with SWIG      videoProvider  new generated.VideoSource  codepre  pThat works when the Java class is executed as a JUnit test video data is extracted.p  pstrongSame thing does not work when I launch the Java class as an OSGi service.strong p  pEssentially, the same code is executed. The DLL is still loaded successfully but the instantiation of the native C class shown above now throws an exceptionp  precode    java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError generated.VideoSourceSWIGJNI.newVideoSourceJ codepre  pstrongWhat is different when I launch the Java class as an OSGi service instead of executing it as a JUnit test What can I do to make it workstrongp  pbrbr strongBACKGROUNDstrongbr generated.VideoSource isp  precode    public VideoSource         thisVideoSourceSWIGJNI.newVideoSource, true      codepre  pVideoSourceSWIGJNI.newVideoSource isp  precode    public final static native long newVideoSource codepre  pC implementation isp  precodeVideoSourceVideoSource          init frame count    mframecnt  0    [..]  codepre
Negative 387 pIm new to JS. If I want to assign for example 2 functions to a contructor, do I have to call a function declaration via prototype twicep  precodefunction Shapex, y      this.x x     this.y y     Shape.prototype.foo function       return ...   Shape.prototype.bar function       return ...  codepre
Negative 387 pAfter thorough research and based on a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions828041suggestionsforkspaonundirectedgraphthisa , a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma158363611863061thisa and a lot more I was suggested to implement k shortest paths algorithm in order to find first, second, third ... kth shortest path in a large undirected, cyclic, weighted graph. About 2000 nodes.  p  pThe pseudocode on a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiYen27salgorithm relnofollowWikipediaa is this p  precodefunction YenKSPGraph, source, sink, K   Determine the shortest path from the source to the sink.  A[0]  DijkstraGraph, source, sink   Initialize the heap to store the potential kth shortest path.  B  []  for k from 1 to K     The spur node ranges from the first node to the next to last node in the shortest path.    for i from 0 to sizeA[i]  1          Spur node is retrieved from the previous kshortest path, k  1.        spurNode  A[k1].nodei         The sequence of nodes from the source to the spur node of the previous kshortest path.        rootPath  A[k1].nodes0, i         for each path p in A            if rootPath  p.nodes0, i                 Remove the links that are part of the previous shortest paths which share the same root path.                remove p.edgei, i from Graph          Calculate the spur path from the spur node to the sink.        spurPath  DijkstraGraph, spurNode, sink          Entire path is made up of the root path and spur path.        totalPath  rootPath  spurPath         Add the potential kshortest path to the heap.        B.appendtotalPath          Add back the edges that were removed from the graph.        restore edges to Graph      Sort the potential kshortest paths by cost.    B.sort     Add the lowest cost path becomes the kshortest path.    A[k]  B[0] return A codepre  pThe main problem is that I couldnt write the correct python script yet for this delete edges and places them back in place correctly so Ive only got this far with reliyng on Igraph as usual p  precodedef yenkspgraph,source,sink, k     global distance     Determine the shortest path from the source to the sink.     a  graph.getshortestpathssource, sink, weightsdistance, modeALL, outputvpath[0]     b  [] Initialize the heap to store the potential kth shortest path     for xk in range1,k     for xk in range1,k1         for i in range0,lena1         for i in range0,lena             if i  lena[1]1                 spurnode  a[i]                 rootpath  a[0i]                 I should remove edges part of the previous shortest paths, but...                 for p in a                     if rootpath  p                         graph.deleteedgesi               spurpath  graph.getshortestpathsspurnode, sink, weightsdistance, modeALL, outputvpath[0]             totalpath  rootpath  spurpath             b.appendtotalpath              should restore the edges              graph.addedges[0,i] lt this is definitely not correct.             graph.addedgesi         b.sort         a[k]  b[0]     return a codepre  pIts a really poor try and it returns only a list in a listp  pIm not very sure anymore what am I doing and Im very desperate with this issue already and in the last days my point of view on this was changed with 180 degrees and even once. Im just a noob doing its best. Please help. Networkx implementation can also be suggested.p  pP.S. Its likely that there are no other working ways about this because we researched it here already . Ive already received lots of suggestions and I owe the community alot. DFS or BFS wont work. Graph is huge. p  pEdit I keep correcting the python script. In a nutshell the aim of this question is the correct script.p
Negative 387 pI am doing a codetextoverflow ellipsiscode in a div to truncate some extremely long text values. Basically to avoid the overflow from increasing the width of the div since there is no white space in URL. What I need to do is display the followingp  precodehttpwww.somewebsite.orgoverthecounterdrugsmedone.html httpwww.somewebsite.orgoverthecounterdrugsmedtwo.html httpwww.somewebsite.orgoverthecounterdrugsmedthree.html codepre  pasp  precode...hecounterdrugsmedone.html ...hecounterdrugsmedtwo.html ...counterdrugsmedthree.html codepre  pIs this doable atall in HTMLCSS or is jQueryPHP my only resolvep  pBTW, upon mouseover the full string is displayed as a tooltip.p
Negative 387 pI am a beginner in Graphics Programming. I came across a case where a ResourceView is created out of texture and then this resource view is set as VS Resource. To summarizep  precodeCreateTexture2D D3D10TEXTURE2DDESC 640, 512, .... ID3D10Texture2D0c2c0f30  CreateShaderResourceView ID3D10Texture2D0c2c0f30, ..., ID3D10ShaderResourceView01742c80  VSSetShaderResources 0, 1, [0x01742c80] codepre  pWhen and what are the cases when we use strongtextures in Vertex Shadersstrong Can anyone helpp  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pI just want to know if the application is going to be developed in Java, is it better to go for Play 1.x.x or 2.x.xp  pand How long the version 1.x.x will be supported Is it an active forkp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pHey Im trying to use this function  p  precodeprivate void IDCustTextBoxLostFocusobject sender, System.EventArgs e        if CustName.Text  abc           MessageBox.ShowError  codepre
Negative 387 pIve been making an Android OpenGLES2.0 2D game engine for the past week or so, and after a few bumps in the road, Ive largely been successful. Ive got the ModelMatrix, ProjectionMatrix, ViewMatrix, LightMatrix, shaders, 2D planes, and textures implemented. However, although my data is seemingly passing through this jungle of pipeline just fine, my textures do not appear, and are instead a solid black.p  pMost, if not all of my code was derived from a hrefhttpwww.learnopengles.comandroidlessonfourintroducingbasictexturing relnofollowthis sourcea, and it is ultimately the same, except that I created my own shader class, bounding box class, room class, and game object class to simplify the process of instantiating objects ingame. Renderer takes Room, Room takes GameObjects SpaceShip extends game object, and GameObject takes BoundingBox, then Renderer renders the rooms objects in a for loop. To do this, I moved the exact code from the example around so that certain handles are elements of some of the classes I created, instead of being elements of the renderer. This hasnt caused any problems with matrix multiplication or my data reaching the end of the pipeline, so I doubt moving the handles is the problem, but I felt it was important to know.p  pThings Ive triedp  ol liChanging the bitmap ul liChanged it to a bitmap with no alpha channel, both were 32x32 25 and were .png.li ulli liChanging the order of operations ul liI moved glBindTexture in my implementation, so I moved it back, then back again.li ulli liChanging the texture parameters ul liI tried several combinations, none with mipmappingli ulli liChanging the way I load the image ul liWent from BitmapFactory.decodeResource to BitmapFactory.decodeStreamli ulli liMoved the texture to all drawable folders ul liAlso tried it in the raw folderli ulli liTried it on another device ul liMy friends DROID Froyo 2.2, My rooted NextBook Gingerbread 2.3. Both support     OpenGLES2.0.li ulli ol  pThigs I havent tried That Im aware ofp  ol liChanging the texture coordinates ul liThey came directly from the example. I just took one face of the cube.li ulli liChanging my shader ul liIt also came directly from the example aside from it being its own class now.li ulli liRestructuring my program to be just two 3, 4... x classes ul liDude...li ulli ol  pIve been testing on the emulator Eclipse Indigo, AVD, Intel Atom x86, ICS 4.2.2, API level 17 for some time now, and right about the time I got all the matrixes working, the emulator failed to render anything. It used to render just fine when the projection was all screwy, now it just shows up black with a titlebar. This has made debugging incredibly difficult. Im not sure if this is something related to what Ive done probably is or if it is related to the emulator sucking at OpenGL.p  pSorry to be so long winded and include so much code, but I dont know how to use a showhide button.p  pAny ideasp  pEdit I was using the wrong shader from the example. The naming was very misleading. I wasnt passing in the color info. I still dont have texture, but the emulator works again. p  pOpenGLES202DRendererp  precodepackage mycompany.OpenGLES202DEngine  import javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig import javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL10  import android.content.Context import android.opengl.GLES20 import android.opengl.GLSurfaceView import android.opengl.Matrix import android.util.Log  public class OpenGLES202DRenderer implements GLSurfaceView.Renderer    Used for debug logs.  private static final String TAG  Renderer  Matrix Declarations    Store the model matrix. This matrix is used to move models from object space where each model can be thought   of being located at the center of the universe to world space.   private float[] mModelMatrix  new float[16]    Store the view matrix. This can be thought of as our camera. This matrix transforms world space to eye space   it positions things relative to our eye.   private float[] mViewMatrix  new float[16]  Store the projection matrix. This is used to project the scene onto a 2D viewport.  private float[] mProjectionMatrix  new float[16]  Allocate storage for the final combined matrix. This will be passed into the shader program.  private float[] mMVPMatrix  new float[16]    Stores a copy of the model matrix specifically for the light position.   private float[] mLightModelMatrix  new float[16]    Global Variable Declarations Shader Shader shader PointShader PointShader pointShader Application Context Context context A room to add objects to Room room   public OpenGLES202DRendererContext ctx      context  ctx   public void onSurfaceCreatedGL10 unused, EGLConfig config       Initialize GLES20      Set the background frame color     GLES20.glClearColor0.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f      Use culling to remove back faces.     GLES20.glEnableGLES20.GLCULLFACE      Enable depth testing     GLES20.glEnableGLES20.GLDEPTHTEST      Position the eye in front of the origin.     final float eyeX  0.0f     final float eyeY  0.0f     final float eyeZ  0.5f      We are looking toward the distance     final float lookX  0.0f     final float lookY  0.0f     final float lookZ  5.0f      Set our up vector. This is where our head would be pointing were we holding the camera.     final float upX  0.0f     final float upY  1.0f     final float upZ  0.0f      Set the view matrix. This matrix can be said to represent the camera position.      NOTE In OpenGL 1, a ModelView matrix is used, which is a combination of a model and      view matrix. In OpenGL 2, we can keep track of these matrices separately if we choose.     Matrix.setLookAtMmViewMatrix, 0, eyeX, eyeY, eyeZ, lookX, lookY, lookZ, upX, upY, upZ               Initialize Shaders     shader  new Shader     pointShader  new PointShader           Load The Level     Create a new room     room  new Room800,600, 0     Load game objects     SpaceShip user  new SpaceShip     Load sprites     forint i0iltroom.numberOfGameObjectsi          room.gameObjects[i].spriteGLIndex  room.gameObjects[i].loadSpritecontext, room.gameObjects[i].spriteResId             Add them to the room     room.addGameObjectuser         public void onDrawFrameGL10 unused       Caclulate MVPMatrix     GLES20.glClearGLES20.GLCOLORBUFFERBIT  GLES20.GLDEPTHBUFFERBIT      Set our pervertex lighting program.     GLES20.glUseProgramshader.mProgram      Set program handles for object drawing.     shader.mMVPMatrixHandle  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationshader.mProgram, uMVPMatrix     shader.mMVMatrixHandle  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationshader.mProgram, uMVMatrix     shader.mLightPosHandle  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationshader.mProgram, uLightPos     shader.mTextureUniformHandle  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationshader.mProgram, uTexture     shader.mPositionHandle  GLES20.glGetAttribLocationshader.mProgram, aPosition     shader.mColorHandle  GLES20.glGetAttribLocationshader.mProgram, aColor     shader.mNormalHandle  GLES20.glGetAttribLocationshader.mProgram, aNormal     shader.mTextureCoordinateHandle  GLES20.glGetAttribLocationshader.mProgram, aTexCoordinate       Calculate position of the light. Rotate and then push into the distance.     Matrix.setIdentityMmLightModelMatrix, 0     Matrix.translateMmLightModelMatrix, 0, 0.0f, 0.0f, 5.0f     Matrix.rotateMmLightModelMatrix, 0, 0, 0.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f     Matrix.translateMmLightModelMatrix, 0, 0.0f, 0.0f, 2.0f     Matrix.multiplyMVshader.mLightPosInWorldSpace, 0, mLightModelMatrix, 0, shader.mLightPosInModelSpace, 0     Matrix.multiplyMVshader.mLightPosInEyeSpace, 0, mViewMatrix, 0, shader.mLightPosInWorldSpace, 0            Draw     Draw the background     room.drawBackgroundmMVPMatrix      Draw game objects     forint i0iltroom.numberOfGameObjectsi            Set the active texture unit to texture unit 0.         GLES20.glActiveTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE0          Bind the texture to this unit.         GLES20.glBindTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, room.gameObjects[i].spriteGLIndex          Tell the texture uniform sampler to use this texture in the shader by binding to texture unit 0.         GLES20.glUniform1ishader.mTextureUniformHandle, 0          Set up the model matrix         Matrix.setIdentityMmModelMatrix, 0         Matrix.translateMmModelMatrix, 0, 4.0f, 0.0f, 7.0f         Matrix.rotateMmModelMatrix, 0, room.gameObjects[i].rotation, 1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f           Draw the object         room.gameObjects[i].drawmModelMatrix, mViewMatrix, mProjectionMatrix, mMVPMatrix, shader                 Draw a point to indicate the light.     drawLight         public void onSurfaceChangedGL10 unused, int width, int height       Initialize Projection Matrix      Set the OpenGL viewport to the same size as the surface.     GLES20.glViewport0, 0, width, height      Create a new perspective projection matrix. The height will stay the same      while the width will vary as per aspect ratio.     final float ratio  float width  height     final float left  ratio     final float right  ratio     final float bottom  1.0f     final float top  1.0f     final float near  1.0f     final float far  10.0f     Matrix.frustumMmProjectionMatrix, 0, left, right, bottom, top, near, far          Draws a point representing the position of the light. private void drawLight      GLES20.glUseProgrampointShader.mProgram     final int pointMVPMatrixHandle  GLES20.glGetUniformLocationpointShader.mProgram, uMVPMatrix     final int pointPositionHandle  GLES20.glGetAttribLocationpointShader.mProgram, aPosition      Pass in the position.     GLES20.glVertexAttrib3fpointPositionHandle, shader.mLightPosInModelSpace[0], shader.mLightPosInModelSpace[1], shader.mLightPosInModelSpace[2]      Since we are not using a buffer object, disable vertex arrays for this attribute.     GLES20.glDisableVertexAttribArraypointPositionHandle      Pass in the transformation matrix.     Matrix.multiplyMMmMVPMatrix, 0, mViewMatrix, 0, mLightModelMatrix, 0     Matrix.multiplyMMmMVPMatrix, 0, mProjectionMatrix, 0, mMVPMatrix, 0     GLES20.glUniformMatrix4fvpointMVPMatrixHandle, 1, false, mMVPMatrix, 0      Draw the point.     GLES20.glDrawArraysGLES20.GLPOINTS, 0, 1   codepre  pShaderp  precodepackage mycompany.OpenGLES202DEngine  import android.opengl.GLES20 import android.util.Log  public class Shader    Used for debug logs.  private static final String TAG  Shader  Shaders public int vertexShader public int fragmentShader   Handles  This will be used to pass in model position information.  public int mPositionHandle  This will be used to pass in model color information.  public int mColorHandle  This will be used to pass in model normal information.  public int mNormalHandle  This will be used to pass in model texture coordinate information.  public int mTextureCoordinateHandle  This will be used to pass in the transformation matrix.  public int mMVPMatrixHandle  This will be used to pass in the modelview matrix.  public int mMVMatrixHandle  This will be used to pass in the light position.  public int mLightPosHandle  This will be used to pass in the texture.  public int mTextureUniformHandle  Used to hold a light centered on the origin in model space. We need a 4th coordinate so we can get translations to work when   we multiply this by our transformation matrices.  public final float[] mLightPosInModelSpace  new float[] 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f  Used to hold the current position of the light in world space after transformation via model matrix.  public final float[] mLightPosInWorldSpace  new float[4]  Used to hold the transformed position of the light in eye space after transformation via modelview matrix  public final float[] mLightPosInEyeSpace  new float[4]   GL Code For Shaders public final String vertexShaderCode       A constant representing the combined modelviewprojection matrix.     uniform mat4 uMVPMatrix  n        A constant representing the combined modelview matrix.     uniform mat4 uMVMatrix  n        Pervertex position information we will pass in.     attribute vec4 aPosition  n        Pervertex normal information we will pass in.     attribute vec3 aNormal  n        Pervertex texture coordinate information we will pass in.     attribute vec2 aTexCoordinate  n        This will be passed into the fragment shader.     varying vec3 vPosition  n        This will be passed into the fragment shader.     varying vec3 vNormal  n        This will be passed into the fragment shader.     varying vec2 vTexCoordinate  n         The entry point for our vertex shader.     void main  n            n           Transform the vertex into eye space.         vPosition  vec3uMVMatrix  aPosition  n           Pass through the texture coordinate.         vTexCoordinate  aTexCoordinate  n           Transform the normals orientation into eye space.         vNormal  vec3uMVMatrix  vec4aNormal, 0.0  n           glPosition is a special variable used to store the final position.          Multiply the vertex by the matrix to get the final point in normalized screen coordinates.         glPosition  uMVPMatrix  aPosition  n       public final String fragmentShaderCode      precision mediump float  n    Set the default precision to medium. We dont need as high of a      precision in the fragment shader.     uniform vec3 uLightPos  n    The position of the light in eye space.     uniform sampler2D uTexture  n    The input texture.     varying vec3 vPosition  n    Interpolated position for this fragment.     varying vec3 vNormal  n    Interpolated normal for this fragment.     varying vec2 vTexCoordinate  n    Interpolated texture coordinate per fragment.       The entry point for our fragment shader.     void main  n         n            Will be used for attenuation.         float distance  lengthuLightPos  vPosition  n            Get a lighting direction vector from the light to the vertex.         vec3 lightVector  normalizeuLightPos  vPosition  n            Calculate the dot product of the light vector and vertex normal. If the normal and light vector are          pointing in the same direction then it will get max illumination.         float diffuse  maxdotvNormal, lightVector, 0.0  n            Add attenuation.         diffuse  diffuse  1.0  1.0  0.25  distance  n            Add ambient lighting         diffuse  diffuse  0.7  n            Multiply the color by the diffuse illumination level and texture value to get final output color.         glFragColor  diffuse  texture2DuTexture, vTexCoordinate  n          GL Program Handle public int mProgram   public Shader       Load Shaders     vertexShader  compileShaderGLES20.GLVERTEXSHADER, vertexShaderCode     fragmentShader  compileShaderGLES20.GLFRAGMENTSHADER, fragmentShaderCode           Create GL Program     mProgram  createAndLinkProgramvertexShader, fragmentShader, new String[] aPosition,  aColor, aNormal, aTexCoordinate            Helper function to compile a shader.     param shaderType The shader type.   param shaderSource The shader source code.   return An OpenGL handle to the shader.   public static int compileShaderfinal int shaderType, final String shaderSource      int shaderHandle  GLES20.glCreateShadershaderType      if shaderHandle  0               Pass in the shader source.         GLES20.glShaderSourceshaderHandle, shaderSource           Compile the shader.         GLES20.glCompileShadershaderHandle           Get the compilation status.         final int[] compileStatus  new int[1]         GLES20.glGetShaderivshaderHandle, GLES20.GLCOMPILESTATUS, compileStatus, 0           If the compilation failed, delete the shader.         if compileStatus[0]  0                      Log.eTAG, Error compiling shader   GLES20.glGetShaderInfoLogshaderHandle             GLES20.glDeleteShadershaderHandle             shaderHandle  0                    if shaderHandle  0                 throw new RuntimeExceptionError creating shader.           return shaderHandle      Helper function to compile and link a program.     param vertexShaderHandle An OpenGL handle to an alreadycompiled vertex shader.   param fragmentShaderHandle An OpenGL handle to an alreadycompiled fragment shader.   param attributes Attributes that need to be bound to the program.   return An OpenGL handle to the program.   public static int createAndLinkProgramfinal int vertexShaderHandle, final int fragmentShaderHandle, final String[] attributes      int programHandle  GLES20.glCreateProgram      if programHandle  0               Bind the vertex shader to the program.         GLES20.glAttachShaderprogramHandle, vertexShaderHandle              Bind the fragment shader to the program.         GLES20.glAttachShaderprogramHandle, fragmentShaderHandle           Bind attributes         if attributes  null                      final int size  attributes.length             for int i  0 i lt size i                              GLES20.glBindAttribLocationprogramHandle, i, attributes[i]                                    Link the two shaders together into a program.         GLES20.glLinkProgramprogramHandle           Get the link status.         final int[] linkStatus  new int[1]         GLES20.glGetProgramivprogramHandle, GLES20.GLLINKSTATUS, linkStatus, 0           If the link failed, delete the program.         if linkStatus[0]  0                         Log.eTAG, Error compiling program   GLES20.glGetProgramInfoLogprogramHandle             GLES20.glDeleteProgramprogramHandle             programHandle  0                    if programHandle  0              throw new RuntimeExceptionError creating program.           return programHandle    codepre  pGameObjectp  precodepackage mycompany.OpenGLES202DEngine  import java.io.IOException import java.io.InputStream import android.content.Context import android.graphics.Bitmap import android.graphics.BitmapFactory import android.opengl.GLES20 import android.opengl.GLUtils import android.opengl.Matrix import android.util.Log  public class GameObject    Used for debug logs.  private static final String TAG  GameObject  Declare Variables Position public int x public int y public int z Size public int width public int height Movement double thrustX double thrustY Rotation public int rotation public int rotationSpeed Unique Identifier public int UID Sprite Resource ID int spriteResId GL Texture Reference int spriteGLIndex Bounding Box BoundingBox boundingBox   GameObject     public int loadSpritefinal Context context, final int resourceId      final int[] textureHandle  new int[1]      GLES20.glGenTextures1, textureHandle, 0      if textureHandle[0]  0              final BitmapFactory.Options options  new BitmapFactory.Options         options.inScaled  false    No prescaling           Read in the resource         InputStream is  context.getResources                 .openRawResourceresourceId         Bitmap bitmap  null         try              bitmap  BitmapFactory.decodeStreamis             is.close          catchIOException e              Log.eTAG, Could not load the texture                    Bind to the texture in OpenGL         GLES20.glBindTextureGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, textureHandle[0]           Set filtering         TODO Offending Line  Makes textures black because of parameters         GLES20.glTexParameteriGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, GLES20.GLTEXTUREMINFILTER, GLES20.GLNEAREST         GLES20.glTexParameteriGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, GLES20.GLTEXTUREMAGFILTER, GLES20.GLNEAREST         GLES20.glTexParameteriGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, GLES20.GLTEXTUREWRAPS, GLES20.GLCLAMPTOEDGE         GLES20.glTexParameteriGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, GLES20.GLTEXTUREWRAPT, GLES20.GLCLAMPTOEDGE           Load the bitmap into the bound texture.         GLUtils.texImage2DGLES20.GLTEXTURE2D, 0, bitmap, 0           Recycle the bitmap, since its data has been loaded into OpenGL.         bitmap.recycle           if textureHandle[0]  0              throw new RuntimeExceptionError loading texture.           return textureHandle[0]   public void setUIDint uid      UID  uid   public int getUID      return UID   public void drawfloat[] mModelMatrix, float[] mViewMatrix, float[] mProjectionMatrix, float[] mMVPMatrix, Shader shader                    Pass in the position information         boundingBox.mPositions.position0          GLES20.glVertexAttribPointershader.mPositionHandle, boundingBox.mPositionDataSize, GLES20.GLFLOAT, false,                 0, boundingBox.mPositions          GLES20.glEnableVertexAttribArrayshader.mPositionHandle           Pass in the color information         boundingBox.mColors.position0         GLES20.glVertexAttribPointershader.mColorHandle, boundingBox.mColorDataSize, GLES20.GLFLOAT, false,                 0, boundingBox.mColors          GLES20.glEnableVertexAttribArrayshader.mColorHandle           Pass in the normal information         boundingBox.mNormals.position0         GLES20.glVertexAttribPointershader.mNormalHandle, boundingBox.mNormalDataSize, GLES20.GLFLOAT, false,                 0, boundingBox.mNormals          GLES20.glEnableVertexAttribArrayshader.mNormalHandle           Pass in the texture coordinate information         boundingBox.mTextureCoordinates.position0         GLES20.glVertexAttribPointershader.mTextureCoordinateHandle, boundingBox.mTextureCoordinateDataSize, GLES20.GLFLOAT, false,                 0, boundingBox.mTextureCoordinates          GLES20.glEnableVertexAttribArrayshader.mTextureCoordinateHandle           This multiplies the view matrix by the model matrix, and stores the result in the MVP matrix          which currently contains model  view.         Matrix.multiplyMMmMVPMatrix, 0, mViewMatrix, 0, mModelMatrix, 0           Pass in the modelview matrix.         GLES20.glUniformMatrix4fvshader.mMVMatrixHandle, 1, false, mMVPMatrix, 0           This multiplies the modelview matrix by the projection matrix, and stores the result in the MVP matrix          which now contains model  view  projection.         Matrix.multiplyMMmMVPMatrix, 0, mProjectionMatrix, 0, mMVPMatrix, 0           Pass in the combined matrix.         GLES20.glUniformMatrix4fvshader.mMVPMatrixHandle, 1, false, mMVPMatrix, 0           Pass in the light position in eye space.         GLES20.glUniform3fshader.mLightPosHandle, shader.mLightPosInEyeSpace[0], shader.mLightPosInEyeSpace[1], shader.mLightPosInEyeSpace[2]           Draw the object         GLES20.glDrawArraysGLES20.GLTRIANGLES, 0, 6        codepre  pBoundingBoxp  precodepackage mycompany.OpenGLES202DEngine  import java.nio.ByteBuffer import java.nio.ByteOrder import java.nio.FloatBuffer TODO make this dynamic, both the constructor and the coordinates. class BoundingBox   Variable Declarations  How many bytes per float.  private final int mBytesPerFloat  4  Store our model data in a float buffer.  public final FloatBuffer mPositions public final FloatBuffer mColors public final FloatBuffer mNormals public final FloatBuffer mTextureCoordinates Number of coordinates per vertex in this array final int COORDSPERVERTEX  3 Coordinates float[] positionData Texture Coordinates float[] textureCoordinateData Vertex Color float[] colorData float[] normalData Vertex Stride final int vertexStride  COORDSPERVERTEX  4  Size of the position data in elements.  public final int mPositionDataSize  3   Size of the color data in elements.  public final int mColorDataSize  4      Size of the normal data in elements.  public final int mNormalDataSize  3  Size of the texture coordinate data in elements.  public final int mTextureCoordinateDataSize  2   public BoundingBoxfloat[] coords      TODO Normalize values     Set Coordinates and Texture Coordinates     ifcoordsnull          float[] newPositionData                    Front face                 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f,                   1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f,                 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f,                 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f,                 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f,                 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f                  positionData  newPositionData          float[] newColorData                    Front face red                 1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,                  1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,                 1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,                 1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,                  1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,                 1.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f                   colorData  newColorData          float[] newTextureCoordinateData                                   Front face                 0.0f, 0.0f,                 0.0f, 1.0f,                 1.0f, 0.0f,                 0.0f, 1.0f,                 1.0f, 1.0f,                 1.0f, 0.0f,                       textureCoordinateData  newTextureCoordinateData          float[] newNormalData                    Front face                 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,                    0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,                 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,                 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,                    0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f,                 0.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f                   normalData  newNormalData          else          positionData  coords         TODOReverse coords HERE         textureCoordinateData  coords                Initialize Buffers     mPositions  ByteBuffer.allocateDirectpositionData.length  mBytesPerFloat             .orderByteOrder.nativeOrder.asFloatBuffer         mPositions.putpositionData.position0         mColors  ByteBuffer.allocateDirectcolorData.length  mBytesPerFloat             .orderByteOrder.nativeOrder.asFloatBuffer         mColors.putcolorData.position0      mNormals  ByteBuffer.allocateDirectnormalData.length  mBytesPerFloat             .orderByteOrder.nativeOrder.asFloatBuffer         mNormals.putnormalData.position0      mTextureCoordinates  ByteBuffer.allocateDirecttextureCoordinateData.length  mBytesPerFloat             .orderByteOrder.nativeOrder.asFloatBuffer     mTextureCoordinates.puttextureCoordinateData.position0        codepre  pSpaceShipp  precodepackage mycompany.OpenGLES202DEngine  public class SpaceShip extends GameObject  public SpaceShip      spriteResId  R.drawable.spaceship     boundingBox  new BoundingBoxnull   codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to find a way to invoke a piece of codejava codecode within the JSP using HTML form   p  precode  ltform methodget actioninvokeMegt         ltinput typesubmit valueclick to submit gt    ltformgt     lt      private void invokeMe        out.printlnHe invoked me. I am happy            gt codepre  pthe above code is within the JSP. I want this run the scriptlet upon submitp  pI know the code looks very bad, but I just want to grasp the concept... and how to go about it.p  pthanksp
Negative 387 pI gone through official announcement of a hrefhttpweblogs.asp.netscottguarchive20130416windowsazuregeneralavailabilityofinfrastructureasaserviceiaas.aspx relnofollowGeneral availability of Virtual Machine on Windows Azurea. so i would like to move one of my clients production app on this. Requirement to set up this app on 2 different regions as belowp  pBasically we have two demographics from Australia and Turkey from where people will be accessing the server, So we need two web servers one from Australia and another from Europe p  pstrong 2 Web servers with Window server 2008 r2strong brp  pstrong Separate Database server with SQL serverstrong brp  pstrong One Load balancerstrongp  pstrongQueriesstrong brp  pstrong1strong What data centers are best suited for above regions br strong2strong we are not concerned about uptime instead we are concerned about performance at localebr    based so to run application on 1 VM is okay br strong3strong In which region database should be hosted so both web server can access smoothly     regardless of performance issue. what should be region of it br strong4strong Can we setup load balancing such a way for one url it would transfer request to     Australian server and for other transfer request to European serverbr strong5strong I have calculated price with p  ul li2 VM small for to host window server br li li1 vm medium to host sql server br li li35 GB bandwidthli lisupport for developer and it would cost me strongaround 300strong,li ul  pDo I need to consider other pricing apart from thisp
Negative 387 pIm developing an iOS 5.0 app with latest SDK.p  pI want to do something similar to p  pimg srchttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibraryiosdocumentationgraphicsimagingconceptualdrawingwithquartz2dArttorus.gif altFigure 86 p  pI want to know how to nest radial gradients.p  pThis is my code nowp  precode voiddrawLayerCALayer layer inContextCGContextRefcontext      innerColor  [UIColor yellowColor]     outerColor  [UIColor redColor]      CGContextSetAllowsAntialiasingcontext, true     CGContextSetShouldAntialiascontext, true      CGFloat graWidth  layer.frame.size.width  2     CGFloat graHeight  layer.frame.size.height  2      CGFloat firstGlossLocation  0.0f     CGFloat outterPercent  0.0f      if isUnSelected              firstGlossLocation  0.7f         outterPercent  graWidth  0.0f          else              firstGlossLocation  0.0f         outterPercent  graWidth  0.25f           CGColorSpaceRef colorSpace  CGColorSpaceCreateDeviceRGB      CGFloat iRed  0.0, iGreen  0.0, iBlue  0.0, iAlpha 0.0     [innerColor getRedampiRed greenampiGreen blueampiBlue alphaampiAlpha]      CGFloat oRed  0.0, oGreen  0.0, oBlue  0.0, oAlpha 0.0     [outerColor getRedampoRed greenampoGreen blueampoBlue alphaampoAlpha]      CGFloat gradientColors[]           oRed, oGreen, oBlue, oAlpha,         iRed, iGreen, iBlue, iAlpha            We have to change first value when user taps over the Guage.      The second one must one to fill the entire Gauge.     CGFloat glossLocations[]  firstGlossLocation, 1     CGGradientRef ballGradient  CGGradientCreateWithColorComponentscolorSpace, gradientColors, glossLocations, 2      CGContextAddEllipseInRectcontext, CGRectMake0, 0, graWidth2, graHeight2     CGContextClipcontext      CGPoint startPoint  CGPointMakegraWidth, graHeight     CGPoint endPoint  CGPointMakegraWidth, graHeight     CGContextDrawRadialGradientcontext, ballGradient, startPoint, 0, endPoint, graWidth  outterPercent, kCGGradientDrawsAfterEndLocation     CGContextDrawPathcontext, kCGPathStroke  codepre  pI want to draw a second gradient when codeisUnSelectedcode is codeNOcode.p  pstrongDo you know how can I draw a second nested gradientstrongp
Negative 387 pI have a nested div. The child div is inside the parent div. How can I distinguish the correct onClick functionp  pIn this case, only the function of parent div is called no matter clicking where I click on the nested div.p  precodeltdiv classportfo onclickshowValuegt     ltdiv idcross onclickdeleteValuegt          ltimg srccross.png height15px width15px altsomegt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pHowever, codeshowValuecode is always called whenever I click on the children div.p
Negative 387 phow to display absent or present result p  pplease help me to fix this issue thanksp  pnow showing like this resultp  precode  Name   TeacherNo   Attendance   XYZ       993             5 Days Present   Abc       991             7 Days Present   123       955             2 Days Present   codepre  pand i want like thisp  precode Name    TeacherNo      Present Day          Absent Days  XYZ       993             5 Days Present        3 Days Present  Abc       991             7 Days Present        0 Days Present  123       955             2 Days Present        4 Days Present     codepre  pThis is codep  precode result1  mysqlqueryselect name ,id ,teacherno as teacherno, CONCATcountteacherno, Present days as Attendance    from tattendance     where Attendance  present AND date BETWEEN 20130401 AND 20130407 group by teacherno order by attendance desc codepre
Negative 387 pI am using the below function and everything is working fine. What I want now is to change the URL accordingly when I call the function.p  precodefunction          myF.submitfunction e               e.preventDefault             subMe                function subMe          .getmodulestaffsampactionajaxindex, myF.serialize,             functiondata                  content.htmldata             ,text      codepre  pTo be more precise, when I call subMe, all the fields of the form myF should form query string, like this, localhosthmsactionstaffampnameaampregno2p
Negative 387 pI know about win32security.LogonUser. What I want to do is check credentials that were entered to know whether or not they match a user on the local windows machine, and password, so that I can grant them access to the windows machine via the network. The idea is to have a pythonic ssh server made with paramiko that has default windows authentication. What I dont want to have to do is log the user out each time a new connection is established or have the authentication process fail because the user is already logged in. Is there a way to verify a user on windows without creating a login session p
Negative 387 pOkay so I have a vertical string but when it contains Is or Ls they are offset from the rest of the string because of how they are typographically written they are in a sense left justified in the box they are drawn in unlike the rest are drawn centered. I am wondering how to make those letters fall into line with the others. Also of importance is that these are individual drawstring calls. I tried using AffineTransform but it mashes all the letters together. this is the code i use to loop through the string and write each character.p  precodeforint i 0 iltteam.lengthi       gg.drawStringCharacter.toStringteam.charAti, 100, yposfm.getDescent     ypos40  codepre  pThe string im using is BOLIVAR if youd like to test it. Thanks in advancep
Negative 387 pI am getting the following error while loading the codesite.mastercode page of my website p  pErrorp  pcodeCould not load file or assembly System.Web.Mvc, Version3.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 or one of its dependencies. The system cannot find the file specified. CTravelRequestoldAppThemesAquaMVCxPivotGrid.skincodep  pI have uploaded the new strongdllstrong file of strongsyetem.web.mvc version 3strong in p  pcodeCProgram Files x86Microsoft ASP.NETASP.NET MVC 3code and also added the reference from solution explorer.Then I am getting the following errorp  pError p  precodeCould not load file or assembly System.Web.Mvc, Version3.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 or one of its dependencies.  Strong name signature could not be verified.  The assembly may have been tampered with, or it was delay signed but not fully signed with the correct private key.  codepre
Negative 387 pI have to use values which I obtained from first codePOSTcode call in a second codePOSTcode method to another value. for example I am getting codelocation  POST[locationname]codep  pI want to be able to pass the location while doing another POST which leads to second form.p  precode1st Form gt 2nd FormPOST[locationname] gt 3rd form POST[locationname] codepre  pBut I am losing the value while going to the 3rd form.p  pHow can I get the value in the 3rd formp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI was wondering if it is possible to write the pygame code to a separate terminal so that you can still do things like print to the terminal. When pygames display becomes initialized it seems to be impossible to put any input into the terminal. Any way to get around thisp  pI also want to know that if this is possible can one the other terminal edit the one running pygame to change certain thingsp  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comVectorScalarcharacters.git relnofollowGithubap
Negative 387 pI have a MySQL database called database with tables event, gebruiker and situatie. Now I need to write code in Java using netbeans to test my restful webservice. Im able to retrieve all users gebruikers, dutch, but when I want to retrieve one specific user by searching on its primary key Username, I get this 500error when testing the restful webservice. please help this is my code in javap  precodeStateless Pathgebruikers public class GebruikerService   Resourcename  jdbcsocialebuurt private DataSource source     Request all users.    GET ProducesMediaType.APPLICATIONJSON public ListltGebruikergt getGebruikers      try Connection conn  source.getConnection          try PreparedStatement stat  conn.prepareStatementSELECT  FROM gebruiker              try ResultSet rs  stat.executeQuery                  ListltGebruikergt results  new ArrayListltgt                 while rs.next                      Gebruiker g  new Gebruiker                     g.setUsernamers.getStringUsername                     g.setNaamrs.getStringNaam                     g.setVoornaamrs.getStringVoornaam                     g.setStraatrs.getStringStraat                     g.setHuisNrrs.getInthuisnr                     g.setPostcoders.getIntpostcode                     g.setGemeenters.getStringgemeente                     g.setWachtwoordrs.getStringwachtwoord                     results.addg                                  return results                            catch SQLException ex          throw new WebApplicationExceptionex            Request one specific user.    Pathusername GET ProducesMediaType.APPLICATIONJSON public Gebruiker getGebruikerPathParamusername String username      try Connection conn  source.getConnection          try PreparedStatement stat  conn.prepareStatementSELECT  FROM gebruiker WHERE username                stat.setString1,             try ResultSet rs  stat.executeQuery                  if rs.next                      Gebruiker ge  new Gebruiker                     ge.setUsernamers.getStringUsername                     ge.setNaamrs.getStringNaam                     ge.setVoornaamrs.getStringVoornaam                     ge.setStraatrs.getStringStraat                     ge.setHuisNrrs.getInthuisnr                     ge.setPostcoders.getIntpostcode                     ge.setGemeenters.getStringgemeente                     ge.setWachtwoordrs.getStringwachtwoord                     return ge                  else                      throw new WebApplicationExceptionStatus.NOTFOUND                                             catch SQLException ex          throw new WebApplicationExceptionex        codepre  pTable gebruiker has following attributes username primary key, varchar26, naam text, voornaam text, straat text, huisNr int11, postcode int4, gemeente text, wachtwoord text. If more info is needed, please ask. Thanks to allp
Negative 387 pTrying to test level ups in a game. The idea is after a certain period of time a function gets called, however I dont want it to be called every n seconds I just want it called oncep  precodesetIntervallevel1, 10000  function level1  alert LEVEL 1    setIntervallevel2, 50000  function level2  alert LEVEL 2   codepre
Negative 387 pWhen I create a new main.java file in the default package in my Eclipse project, it generates a codemaincode method that looks likep  precodepublic static void mainString[] args   codepre  pThis immediately raises a warning that says codeThis method has a constructor namecode.  The suggested fix is to remove the codevoidcodep  precodepublic static mainString[] args   codepre  pNow rather than a warning, I get an error codeIllegal modifier for the constructor in type main only public, protected amp private are permittedcode.  If I remove the codestaticcode, my code now looks likep  precodepublic mainString[] args   codepre  pThis time, I still get an error, but a different one that saysp  precodeError Main method not found in class main, please define the main method as     public static void mainString[] args codepre  pArgggh  But that takes me right back to where I started.  How do I define the main method so that I dont get any errors or warningsp  pIm using emEclipse Juno Service Release 2em and emJavaSE1.7em.  Please note, Im very new to Java I come from a C background.  Also, this is probably a duplicate question, but I cant find it.p
Negative 387 pI have this code that explains the decorator patternp  precode public abstract class IBeverage      protected string description  Unknown beverage      public virtual string getDescription          return description        public abstract class CondimentDecorator  IBeverage      public abstract string getDescription   public class Espresso  IBeverage      public Espresso          description  Espresso        public class Mocha  CondimentDecorator      IBeverage beverage      public MochaIBeverage beverage          this.beverage  beverage           public override string getDescription          return beverage.getDescription  , Mocha       codepre  pI should use it likep  precodestatic void Mainstring[] args      IBeverage b  new Espresso     Console.WriteLineb.getDescription     b  new Mochab     Console.WriteLineb.getDescription      Console.ReadKey  codepre  pWhen I create the beverage Beverage b  new Espresso description is updated to Espresso, when I decorate b with Mocha b  new Mochab, then description takes the original value Unknown Beverage. It should be Espresso, Mocha. strongWhats wrongstrongp  pThis code was originally written in Java the book was written with Java, but I translated it into C. I guess Java works a little different from C.p
Negative 387 pI have a webpage with a largescale model that follows this a hrefhttpdavidwalsh.namedemo3dmenu.php relnofollowexamplea code found a hrefhttpdavidwalsh.name3dmenu relnofollowherea.p  pIn the code, youll see that the translateZ arguments are all either 25px or 25px, which is half the height of the menu item and is very important for the spinning to work correctly.p  pa hrefhttpjsbin.comaguboq1edit relnofollowThisa is my version of the code, click the cube face to rotate it. I am trying to make the same code work, but with a percentagewidth and percentageheight div instead of static. The translateZ values are staying static, so you can see that this makes the cube look weird depending on the window size. strongHow can I update the translateZ values to half the cube widthheight whenever the window resizesstrongp  pemI tried doing it with JavaScript but got a hrefhttpjsbin.comirecoj1edit relnofollowthisa. The cube does not move on click and slides in and out of resizing, but it will move if you click it once and then resize the window. Why is thatemp
Negative 387 pI have project of both .java and .scala files. They are in codesrccode. Among those files, emseveralem of them are emmain classesem, in that they have a codemaincode method, and can be run as a program. What I want is a convenient way to callrun each of them with a predefined set of parameters. For examplep  precode  compiler.Compiler tests testoutput codepre  pWhere codeCompilercode in package codecompilercode has a main method codemainargs Array[String]code. p  pIs there an easy way to set up sbt so that I can run the above simply by typing e.g. codekompilercode, in the sbt console p
Negative 387 pI understand why codestdforwardlistcode a hrefhttpwww.openstd.orgjtc1sc22wg21docspapers2008n2543.htm relnofollowstrongdoes not have a codesizecode member functionstronga, since an codeO1code version would mess up the complexity of certain codesplicecode overloads, and since an codeONcode version would be inconsistent with all the rest of the Standard Librarys containers. p  pIt is also true that both codestdlistcode and codestdforwardlistcode already have several other member functions with the same semantics as their cousins from the codeltalgorithmgtcode corner of the Standard Library codemergecode, codereversecode, coderemovecode, coderemoveifcode, codeuniquecode, codesortcode.p  pSo why wasnt a codecountcode  member function of codeONcode complexity provided to codestdforwardlistcode that had the semantics of returning codestddistancestdbeginsomelist, stdendsomelistcode p
Negative 387 pi have script like thisp  precode import mechanize  url  httpwww.globalhide.combrowse.phpuuhttpwww.whoisxmlapi.comwhoisserverWhoisServicedomainNamegoogle.com  br  mechanize.Browser  br.sethandlerobotsFalse  br.addheaders  [Useragent, Mozilla5.0 X11 U Linux i686 enUS rv1.9.0.1 Gecko2008071615 Fedora3.0.11.fc9 Firefox3.0.1]  response  br.openurl  content  response.read  f  openq.html, w  f.writecontent  f.close codepre  pi need the result like a hrefhttpwww.globalhide.combrowse.phpuhttpwww.whoisxmlapi.comwhoisserverWhoisServicedomainNamegoogle.com relnofollowthisa  when i run this from python shell ,the result correct. but when i save this in a something.py file and run like this codepython something.pycode the content of q.html img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtss8u.png altenter image description here What wrong with my codep
Negative 387 pProbably not the right title but Ive no idea how else to formulate it.br Im trying to calculate stats based on flexible values, specifically HP amp MP and return the values so they can be printed on the screen. Ive tried making a separate class for the stats and calling on that, changing it to self.HP in both the stats as well as when its called upon but nothing seems to work and I cant figure out how to fix it.br I know its a lot of code but could someone have a look at it, please  p  pE1 After copying the right code here Im an idiot  and changing HP back to self.HP the program goes completely bananas... It literally runs itself to death.p  precodeimport formulae from formulae import   characters  1battlemaidenHibikime enemies  aenemyEnemy  while characters[1].alive and enemies[a].alive     print     for charactersKey, in sortedcharacters.keys         printcharacters[charactersKey] codepre  pCode thats in formulae.py  p  precodeclass characterobject     def initself, name         self.name  name         self.alive  True         self.Hit  10         self.Dodge  0         self.Lv  1      def strself         if self.alive             return s i HP, i MP  self.name, self.HP, self.MP         else             return s DEAD  self.name      def attackself, enemy         printself.name, attacks, enemy.name         enemy.hit      def hitself         self.HP  self.Atk         printself.name, is hit ,self.Atk,         if self.HP lt 0             self.die      def dieself         self.alive  False         printself.name, died.   class enemyobject     def initself, name         self.name  name         self.alive  True         self.HP  100         self.MP  20         self.MAtk  10         self.Atk  30         self.Def  5         self.MDef  5         self.Hit  10         self.Dodge  0      def strself         if self.alive             return s i HP, i MP  self.name, self.HP, self.MP         else             return s DEAD  self.name      def attackself, enemy         printself.name, attacks, enemy.name         enemy.hit      def hitself         self.HP  self.Atk         printself.name, is hit ,self.Atk,         if self.HP lt 0             self.die      def dieself         self.alive  False         printself.name, died.   SUBCLASSES FOR CHARACTERS  class battlemaidencharacter     def initself, name         superbattlemaiden, self.initself         classHP  80         classMP  5         Vitality  10         Wisdom  3         Intelligence  2         Strength  15         Defense  5         Dexterity  15         Agility  2          self.HP  classHP  self.Lv5  Vitality self.Lv 0.3         self.MP  classMP  self.Lv2  Wisdom self.Lv 0.2         Atk  Strength  self.Lv0.2         MAtk  Intelligence  self.Lv0.2         Def  Defense  self.Lv1.5  Defense0.1         MDef  Intelligence  self.Lv1.5  Intelligence0.1 codepre  pThe error Im gettingbr return s i HP, i MP  self.name, self.HP, self.MPbr RuntimeError maximum recursion depth exceededp
Negative 387 pBelow is a graph as I have it so far.  It has 1 area, with 5 data seriesp  pThe graph is over the course of a month, as you can see all of the tuesdays are grouped, wednesdays, etc.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comdNbfs.png altenter image description herep  ol lipI would like to be able to label each individual bar with the actual date.  Ideally, this would be directly below the bar, and then below that label would be the existing tuesdaywednesdayetc label.pli lipThere is another metric of processed items Items from here on out that I would like to indicate.  My thought is a label thats emaboveem the bar.  To the side a little with a line indicating which bar its referring to.pli lipIf there was a way to do 2 instead with a different scale on the right side meaning y labels are on the right side, that would be perfect.  Here is an example of what I mean  a hrefhttpwww.highcharts.comdemocombodualaxes relnofollowhttpwww.highcharts.comdemocombodualaxesapli ol  pPlease note that this is emnotem using the ASP.Net control.  This is in an http handler where Im using the System.Windows.Forms.DataVisualization.Charting namespace and directly instantiating everything and then converting it to png.p
Negative 387 pI am using Ajax asynchronous file upload control in asp.net. In my application there are 2 such upload controls. When i am uploading one file at a time, both files are getting uploaded. But when i am uploading 2 files simultaneously , only first file is getting uploaded. can you please tell me, What will be the root cause  and Solution for this.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pHow to query the recepit printer to get current status readyerrorpaper end Is it provided with a virtualCOM interface for bidirectional communicationp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pWhile using a hrefhttpsgithub.comvcrvcr relnofollowVCRa with my Rails 3.1 app on Ruby 1.9, running coderake testcode with an existing cassette producesp  blockquote   pError testcreatereturnscreatedaccountuponsuccessfulcreationAccountServiceTest     ActiveRecordStatementInvalid Mysql2Error Table testdb.vcrcassettesaccountservicecreate doesnt exist DELETE FROM codevcrcassettesaccountservicecreatecodep blockquote  pMy VCR config in my strongtesthelper.rbstrongp  precode VCR.configure do c    c.allowhttpconnectionswhennocassette  true    c.cassettelibrarydir  testfixturesvcrcassettes    c.hookinto fakeweb  end codepre  pApplicable TestUnit codep  precoderequire testhelper  class AccountServiceTest lt ActiveSupportTestCase   test create returns created account upon successful creation do     VCR.usecassetteaccountservicecreate do       createdaccount  AccountService.new.createname honeybadger       assertequal honeybadger, createdaccount.name     end   end end codepre  pFYI, Im also using DatabaseCleaner not sure if theres a conflict there. Anyone seen this before p  pstrongNOTE This passes when the VCR cassette does not exist yetstrongp
Negative 387 pI wrote a method to randomly fetch record from database, but I often got the same record no matter what NSFetchRequest.fetchOffset is.p  pSo I did an experiment, here is my codep  precode Card getNextCard      Card card  nil     while YES          NSFetchRequest request  [NSFetchRequest fetchRequestWithEntityNameCard]         request.fetchLimit  1         request.fetchOffset  arc4randomuniform1031          NSError error  nil         NSArray matches  [self.database.managedObjectContext executeFetchRequestrequest erroramperror]          if matches              card  [matches lastObject]              card.phEn phonetic                  NSLognextCard , d, card  card.en  card, request.fetchOffset          return card  codepre  pWith above code, log is likep  precode20130507 231116.035 MyApp[20598707] nextCard astound, 153 20130507 231117.175 MyApp[20598707] nextCard complicate, 370 20130507 231118.335 MyApp[20598707] nextCard hasten, 954 20130507 231119.801 MyApp[20598707] nextCard exonerate, 749 20130507 231123.159 MyApp[20598707] nextCard exalted, 736 20130507 231124.389 MyApp[20598707] nextCard Leninism, 3 20130507 231125.749 MyApp[20598707] nextCard commotion, 360 20130507 231127.959 MyApp[20598707] nextCard discern, 565 20130507 231128.895 MyApp[20598707] nextCard aluminum, 85 codepre  pwhich was perfectly fine.p  pBut when I uncommented this linep  blockquote   p card.phEn phoneticp blockquote  plog becamep  precode20130507 232502.183 MyApp[20645707] nextCard annex, 104 20130507 232504.042 MyApp[20645707] nextCard annex, 614 20130507 232506.095 MyApp[20645707] nextCard annex, 926 20130507 232507.393 MyApp[20645707] nextCard annex, 628 20130507 232508.968 MyApp[20645707] nextCard annex, 809 20130507 232510.316 MyApp[20645707] nextCard annex, 265 20130507 232511.534 MyApp[20645707] nextCard annex, 762 codepre  pIt seems no matter what fetchOffset is, it always return the same object.p
Negative 387 pI need to insert elements of a php encoded array into a database and Im completely stuck. I have first used json encode to to grab data from the database using an SQL query which I did successfully but I now need to be able to do the opposite. If anyone could help Id greatly appreciate it. Its my second day of work and Im not doing so well. The following is my codep  precode    UserCoordsQuery   Select Accuracy, Longitude, Latitude, Timestamp                                     FROM UserDetails           WHERE UserId  . UserID                   UserCoordsresult  mysqlqueryUserCoordsQuery  if mysqlnumrowsUserCoordsresult  0      echo There are no users with an id of . UserID   else              EmptyArrayarray     while row  mysqlfetcharrayUserCoordsresult          Accuracyrow[Accuracy]         Longitude row[Longitude]         Latituderow[Latitude]         Timestamp row[Timestamp]          Queue arrayAccuracy gt Accuracy, Latitude gt Latitude, Longitude gt Longitude, Timestamp gt Timestamp          arrayunshiftEmptyArray,Queue          ObjectResponse  arrayCoords gt EmptyArray     echo jsonencodeObjectResponse      JsonEncoded jsonencodeObjectResponse     JsonDecoded jsondecodeJsonEncoded, true      UpdateQuery INSERT INTO UserDetails UserId, Accuracy, Latitude, Longitude,         Timestamp     VALUES .UserID.,.JsonDecoded[0]        [Accuracy].,.JsonDecoded[0][Latitude].,     .JsonDecoded[0][Longitude].,.JsonDecoded[0][Timestamp].      mysqlqueryUpdateQuery or diemysqlerror codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying to unit test a Workflow Service by using a hrefhttpwf.codeplex.comwikipagetitleMicrosoft.Activities.UnitTesting20OverviewampreferringTitleHome relnofollowMicrosoft.Activities.UnitTestinga The goal is to mock the services extensions in order to ensure that all steps are executed. p  pThe mock objects dont seem to get called even though the extensions are registered in the Host. As expected, if the extensions are not registered an exception is thrown.p  precode        WorkflowServiceTestHost host  null          try                      MockltISubscribergt publisher  new MockltISubscribergt             MockltIWebWorkergt webWorker  new MockltIWebWorkergt              var voucher  new Voucher              using host  new WorkflowServiceTestHostworkflowServiceFile, serviceAddress                              host.WorkflowExtensions.AddltISubscribergt gt publisher.Object                 host.WorkflowExtensions.AddltIWebWorkergt gt webWorker.Object                  host.Open                 using var factory  new ChannelFactoryltIServiceInterfacegtclientBinding, serviceAddress                                      var proxy  factory.CreateChannel as IServiceInterface                      proxy.Processvoucher                                            These validations fail...              publisher.Verifym gt m.PushIt.IsAnyltVouchergt, Times.Once, ISubscriber.Push was not called.             webWorker.Verifym gt m.DoneIt.IsAnyltVouchergt, Times.Once, IWebWorker.Done was not called.               The host must be closed before asserting tracking              Explicitly call host.Close or exit the using block to do this.                  finally                      if host  null                              host.Tracking.TraceTrackingOptions.All                       codepre  pThe workflow runs as expected in IIS.p  pThanksp  pEdit This error is being written in the Workflow Host outputp  precodeWorkflowInstance Sequential Service Unhandled Exception Source Receive Process Message  Exception ltSystem.NotSupportedException Expression Activity type CSharpReference1 requires compilation in order to run.   Please ensure that the workflow has been compiled. at System.Activities.Expressions.CompiledExpressionInvoker.InvokeExpressionActivityContext activityContext at Microsoft.CSharp.Activities.CSharpReference1.ExecuteCodeActivityContext context at System.Activities.CodeActivity1.InternalExecuteInResolutionContextCodeActivityContext context at System.Activities.Runtime.ActivityExecutor.ExecuteInResolutionContext[T]ActivityInstance parentInstance, Activity1 expressionActivity at System.Activities.OutArgument1.TryPopulateValueLocationEnvironment targetEnvironment, ActivityInstance targetActivityInstance, ActivityExecutor executor at System.Activities.RuntimeArgument.TryPopulateValueLocationEnvironment targetEnvironment, ActivityInstance targetActivityInstance, ActivityExecutor executor, Object argumentValueOverride, Location resultLocation, Boolean skipFastPath at System.Activities.ActivityInstance.InternalTryPopulateArgumentValueOrScheduleExpressionRuntimeArgument argument, Int32 nextArgumentIndex, ActivityExecutor executor, IDictionary2 argumentValueOverrides, Location resultLocation, Boolean isDynamicUpdate at System.Activities.ActivityInstance.ResolveArgumentsActivityExecutor executor, IDictionary2 argumentValueOverrides, Location resultLocation, Int32 startIndex at System.Activities.Runtime.ActivityExecutor.ExecuteActivityWorkItem.ExecuteBodyActivityExecutor executor, BookmarkManager bookmarkManager, Location resultLocationgt codepre
Negative 387 pIn there a way in codeEmber.jscode with routing to basically create an alias route that simply goes to the same place as another route I have the following definedp  precodethis.resourceaccounts,  path accountsaccountid , function    this.routecredit,  path creditscreditid    this.routedebit,  path debitsdebitid    this.routerefund,  path refundsrefundid    this.routehold,  path holdsholdid   codepre  pAn example working route looks likep  precodeaccountsfoobaraccountidcreditsfoobarcreditid codepre  pI need an alias routes though for each, without account, that should work in the form ofp  precode creditscreditid  debitsdebitid  refundsrefundid  holdsholdid codepre  pCan I do something as simple asp  precodethis.routeaccounts.credit,  path creditscreditid  this.routeaccounts.debit,  path debitsdebitid  this.routeaccounts.refund,  path refundsrefundid  this.routeaccounts.hold,  path holdsholdid  codepre  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to run a cron job with crontab e.  Im using a python codep  precodeusrbinenv python import webbrowser handle  webbrowser.get handle.opennewtabhttpwww.youtube.comwatchvY4QGPWLYEM codepre  prunning crontab e i havep  precode     python homeseanimBlue.py gtgttmpout.txt 2gtamp1 codepre  pAnd i keep getting these error messagesp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File homeseanimBlue.py, line 3, in ltmodulegt     handle  webbrowser.get   File usrlibpython2.7webbrowser.py, line 52, in get     raise Errorcould not locate runnable browser webbrowser.Error could not locate runnable browser codepre  pIm not sure what I need to include or what I am doing wrong.  When I run the script in bash python scriptName.py I dont have any issues.  Also i have changed the settings of the file to chmod ax.p
Negative 387 pWe have seen many example of integration of mule with Salesforce, Amazon, Facebook, LinkedIn. I have tried only LinkedIn and now since we dont have skype connector in mule. Using DataMapper i want to connect mule with Skype. I dont know where to start from. p  pAny Help or Hintp
Negative 387 pHow to pop a dialog box like one below iframe above the webpage content disabling the web page content using htmlcssjavascript. egwhen you click login in IMDB pls do help Thanks in advancep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comjQpoa.png altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pI need to strongshow an AjaxControlToolkit ModalPopupExtender controlstrong, when user checksunchecks a CheckBox control that is inside a GridView as a TemplateField.p  p strongUpdated on 24052013strongp  pSee final solution here...p  pWe finally solved the problem. So I decided to post here the complete solution and the final code.p  pstrongThe GridViewstrongp  precodeltaspGridView IDgvDocs runatserver CssClassgrid AutoGenerateColumnsfalse AllowPagingtrue AllowSortingtrue OnPageIndexChanginggvDocsPageIndexChanging OnSortinggvDocsSorting OnRowDataBoundgvDocsRowDataBoundgt ltAlternatingRowStyle CssClassgridrowalternategt ltHeaderStyle CssClassgridheader gt ltRowStyle CssClassgridrow gt ltSelectedRowStyle CssClassgridrowselected gt ltColumnsgt     ltaspBoundField DataFieldIDgt     ltaspBoundField DataFieldCOLUMNA SortExpressionCOLUMNA HeaderTextCOLUMNA gt     ltaspBoundField DataFieldCOLUMNB SortExpressionCOLUMNB HeaderTextCOLUMNB gt      lt TemplateField with the CheckBox and the ModalPopupExtender controls gt      ltaspTemplateField HeaderTextCheck SortExpressionCHECKCOLUMNgt         ltItemStyle HorizontalAlignCentergt         ltItemTemplategt             ltaspCheckBox IDCheckBox1 runatservergt              lt Modal Popup block gt              ltaspModalPopupExtender IDModalPopupExtender1 runatserver BackgroundCssClassmodalBackground DropShadowTrue TargetControlIDCheckBox1 PopupControlIDpanModalPopup CancelControlIDCancelButtongt             ltaspPanel IDpanModalPopup runatserver styledisplaynone textalignleft width400px backgroundcolorWhite borderwidth2px bordercolor40A040 borderstylesolid padding10pxgt                 Are you sure                 ltbr gtltbr gt                 ltdiv styletextalignrightgt                     ltaspButton IDConfirmButton runatserver TextConfirm OnClickConfirmButtonClick CommandArgumentlt DataBinder.EvalContainer.DataItem, ID gtgt                     ltaspButton IDCancelButton runatserver TextCancelgt                 ltdivgt             ltaspPanelgt         ltItemTemplategt     ltaspTemplateFieldgt ltColumnsgt codepre  pp  pstrongThe code behindstrongp  precodeprotected void gvDocsRowDataBoundobject sender, GridViewRowEventArgs e      if e.Row.RowType.EqualsDataControlRowType.DataRow               Setting the CheckBox check reading the state from DB         CheckBox CheckBox1  CheckBoxe.Row.FindControlCheckBox1         CheckBox1.Checked  DataBinder.Evale.Row.DataItem, CHECKCOLUMN.ToString  Y  Or any other value that works like truefalse        protected void ConfirmButtonClickobject sender, EventArgs e      string id  Buttonsender.CommandArgument  Get the ID column value       Update the CHECKCOLUMN value on the DB or do whatever you want with the ID...      BindData  Method that do the GridView DataBind after the changes applied to the DB  codepre  pstrongSome things to knowstrongp  p1 The codeModalPopupExtender1code control is inside the GridView TemplateField because it needs to have access to the codeCheckBox1code and its click event. Its probably not the best solution ever, but it works and so it would not affect to much on performance if your GridView is not too complicated and if it is paged.p  p2 In order to catch the codeConfirmButtoncode Click event, you have to remove the codeOKControlIDcode property from the codeModalPopupExtendercode control settings.p  p ENDp  p strongUpdated on 22052013strongp  pThen strongI need the ID of the corresponding rowstrong to make an UPDATE on the DB.p  p ENDp  pstrongThis is the GridViewstrongp  precodeltaspGridView IDgvDocs runatserver CssClassgrid AutoGenerateColumnsfalse AllowPagingtrue AllowSortingtrue OnPageIndexChanginggvDocsPageIndexChanging OnSortinggvDocsSorting OnRowDataBoundgvDocsRowDataBoundgt ltAlternatingRowStyle CssClassgridrowalternategt ltHeaderStyle CssClassgridheader gt ltRowStyle CssClassgridrow gt ltSelectedRowStyle CssClassgridrowselected gt ltColumnsgt     ltaspBoundField DataFieldIDDOCUMENTO VisibleFalsegt     ltaspBoundField DataFieldNUMPROT SortExpressionNUMPROT HeaderTextN. Prot. gt     ltaspBoundField DataFieldDATEPROT SortExpressionDATEPROT HeaderTextData Prot. gt      ... some other BoundFields ...      ltaspTemplateField HeaderTextDa archiviare SortExpressionDAARCHIVIAREgt         ltItemStyle HorizontalAlignCentergt         ltItemTemplategt             ltaspCheckBox IDchkArchiviare runatserver AutoPostBackTrue OnCheckedChangedchkArchiviareCheckedChangedgt         ltItemTemplategt     ltaspTemplateFieldgt ltColumnsgt codepre  pp  pstrongAnd this is the ModalPopup blockstrongp  precodeltaspToolkitScriptManager IDToolkitScriptManager1 runatservergt ltaspToolkitScriptManagergt  ltaspModalPopupExtender IDModalPopupExtender1 runatserver DropShadowTrue TargetControlIDpanModalPopup PopupControlIDpanModalPopup OkControlIDbtnConferma CancelControlIDbtnAnnulla gt  ltaspPanel IDpanModalPopup runatserver styledisplaynone width400px backgroundcolorWhite borderwidth2px bordercolorBlack borderstylesolid padding20pxgt     Are you sure     ltbr gtltbr gt     ltdiv styletextalignrightgt         ltaspButton IDbtnConferma runatserver TextConferma OnClickbtnConfermaClickgt         ltaspButton IDbtnAnnulla runatserver TextAnnulla OnClickbtnAnnullaClick gt     ltdivgt ltaspPanelgt codepre  pNow, strongI want to show the ModalPopup each time a checkbox is checkeduncheckedstrong and that popup have to show a confirmation message with 2 buttons Confirm and Cancel. Confirm have to do an update on the DB and then postback. Cancel have only to hide the popup without postback.p  pI know that ModalPopupExtender listens to OnClick events. So, do I necessary need a Button, LinkButton, ImageButton, etc. or can I do what I wantp
Negative 387 pI am creating a wrapper class around codestdofstreamcode. I have override all the codestdofstreamcode methods. Now, I need to override the codestdendlcode method to use the wrapper class instead of codebasicostreamcode.p  pIs it possible to override codestdendlcode method Can anyone give me an examplep
Negative 387 pbxSlider is not working on IE10, it is working fine in IE8 and IE9, it is working on IE10 on modefade but not working on horizontal all mode of bxSlider are working on Mozilla and Chrome.  Where is Problem My Code for use bxSlider isp  precode slidesfMovieShowcase.bxSlider             mode horizontal,             controls false,             pager true,             autoHover true,             auto true           codepre
Negative 387 pIve had a decent search and am unable to find working code that moves down an array. What I am hoping to do, is to store the value in the last position in the array, replace the last position and then move array[20] to array[19]. This is meant to count the last 20 moves the player makes, but Im having trouble actually storing. This is what I have attempted to dop  precodean int moveArray[20] previously stated and instantiated int temp1, temp2  for int i  moveArray.length  1 i gt 0 i        temp1  moveArray[i  1]      temp2  moveArray[i  2]      moveArray[i  1]  moveArray[i]      temp1  temp2  moveArray[moveArray.length  1]  intoWalk codepre  pany advice or solutions would really help, thanksp
Negative 387 pi have a TableView with some Names. And i want to show these Names on an other ViewController, but i dont get it.p  pHere is my codep  pAnguckenViewController.mp  precode voidtableViewUITableView tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath     indexPath    UIViewController DetailViewController  [self.storyboard instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifierDetailViewController]   AnguckenViewController DetailKey  [self.originalsource objectAtIndex[tableView indexPathForSelectedRow].row]  const char cPlainKey  [DetailKey cStringUsingEncodingNSASCIIStringEncoding]  NSString plistPath NSString rootPath  [NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory,                                                           NSUserDomainMask, YES objectAtIndex0]    NSString pszDetailValueString  [NSString stringWithFormats,szSafeKey]  NSString szDetailValue  [temp objectForKeypszDetailValueString]    [DetailViewController setModalTransitionStyleUIModalTransitionStyleFlipHorizontal] [self presentViewControllerDetailViewController animatedYES completionvoid] codepre  pp  pDetailViewController.hp  precodeimport ltUIKitUIKit.hgt  interface DetailViewController  UIViewController      IBOutlet UIButton BackButton     NSString pszKey     NSString pszValue  property nonatomic, retain NSString pszKey property nonatomic, retain NSString pszValue  property retain, nonatomic IBOutlet UILabel keyLabel property retain, nonatomic IBOutlet UILabel valueLabel   end codepre  pDetailViewController.mp  precodeimplementation DetailViewController synthesize pszKey synthesize pszValue    idinitWithNibNameNSString nibNameOrNil bundleNSBundle nibBundleOrNil      self  [super initWithNibNamenibNameOrNil bundlenibBundleOrNil]     if self           Custom initialization          return self    voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]         keyLabel.text  pszKey  codepre
Negative 387 pThis code worksp  precodefrom PyQt4 import QtGui import sys  appQtGui.QApplicationsys.argv   window1QtGui.QWidget window1.show  window2QtGui.QWidget window2.show codepre  pBut this doesntp  precodefrom PyQt4.QtGui import  import sys  class windowQMainWindow     def initself         superwindow, self.init         self.wQWidget         self.w.show  appQApplicationsys.argv window window codepre  pHow can i create 2 windows by instancing the class window I dont get it with Qt, with Tkinter it is very easy to figure out...p  pEDIT The question above is meant for creating some windows by clicking on a button in the systray. As you can see when executing the code below, it works, but there is just one window shown at any time, e.g. if i clicked twice the context menu of the systray icon to create two windows. I dont see where it comes from...p  precodeimport sys from PyQt4.QtGui import    class NoteQMainWindow     def initself         superNote,self.init         self.wQWidget         self.setWindowTitleNote         self.setCentralWidgetself.w  class main     def initself         self.app  QApplicationsys.argv          self.trayIcon  QSystemTrayIconQIconJpythonSimpleNotes.ico, self.app         self.menu  QMenu          self.newWindow  self.menu.addActionnew Note         self.separator  self.menu.addSeparator         self.exitAction  self.menu.addActionExit          self.exitAction.triggered.connectself.close         self.newWindow.triggered.connectself.newNote         self.trayIcon.setContextMenuself.menu         self.trayIcon.show          self.app.exec      def newNoteself         printCreate new note entry has been clicked         self.noteNote         self.note.show      def closeself         self.trayIcon.hide         self.app.exit         printExit menu entry has been clicked  main codepre  pEDIT2 Got it The problem can be solved by coding it this wayp  precodeclass main     def initself         self.notes[]         ...      def newNoteself         noteNote         note.show         self.notes.appendnote codepre  pThough still I dont know why now it works, or even no window occurs if you delete the line self.notes.appendnote. But hah, it worksp
Negative 387 pIm working with billions of rows of data, and each row has an associated start latitudelongitude, and end latitudelongitude. I need to calculate the distance between each startend point  but it is taking an extremely long time. I really need to make what Im doing more efficient.p  pCurrently I use a function below to calculate the hypotenuse between points. Is there some way to make this more efficient I should say that I have already tried casting the latlongs as spatial geographies and using SQL built in STDistance functions not indexed, but this was even slower.p  pAny help would be much appreciated. Im hoping there is some way to speed up the function, even if it degrades accuracy a little nearest 100m is probably ok. Thanks in advancep  precodeDECLARE ldistancem float , llongstart FLOAT , llongend FLOAT , llatstart FLOAT , llatend FLOAT , lxdiff FLOAT , lydiff FLOAT  SET llatstart  latstart  SET llongstart  longstart SET llatend  latend SET llongend  longend   NOTE 2 x PI x radius of earth  360  111  SET lydiff  111  llatend  llatstart SET lxdiff  111  llongend  llongstart  COSRADIANSllatend  llatstart  2 SET ldistancem  1000  SQRTlxdiff  lxdiff  lydiff  lydiff RETURN ldistancem codepre
Negative 387 pI have a C ActiveX control with an interface defined akin top  precodeint MyInt  get set  string MyString  get set  Color MyColor  get set  codepre  pThe interface is implemented as followsp  precodeprotected int myInternalInt protected string myInternalString protected Color myInternalColor public int MyInt  get  return myInternalInt  set  myInternalInt  value   public string MyString  get  return myInternalString  set  myInternalString  value   public Color MyColor  get  return myInternalColor  set  myInternalColor  value   codepre  pThe int and string properties and other basic types Ive tried work as expected but the Color type does not.  The controls property page correctly interprets the type and populates a dropdown for selection of a Color type.  However, it does not display the current internal value of the Colortype property showing Black instead, i.e., default nor does it pass back any changes made by the user.  The same still holds true if myInternalColor is explicitly initialized above, such as protected Color myInternalColor  Color.Blue.p  pCan anyone shed some light on how to make the Color property work, i.e., pass its value in and out of the control correctlyp  pp  pIt now appears to me the issue I outlined above may be a COM Interop problem.  It turns out the UserControl TestContainer within my VS2008 development environment seemingly interacts with the Color properties correctly, but the ActiveX Control Test Container provided with VS6 does not.  The actual container in which the control is designed to run is COMbased and Im betting the aforementioned Ax test container is as well.p  pAnd being new to User Controls development, it looks like I failed to understand that the WinForm control Im developing is technically not an ActiveX control, a distinction that Ive only come to know through recent research.p
Negative 387 pI have a threadThread 1 which suspends another threadThread 2. After sometime, Thread1 resumes Thread2, but I want to pass a structure from Thread 1 to Thread 2 when Thread 1 resumes Thread 2.p  pHow can I do itp
Negative 387 pWhen we have a url containing a hash bang google will use the escaped fragment as described here a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comwebmastersajaxcrawlingdocsgettingstarted relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comwebmastersajaxcrawlingdocsgettingstartedap  pe.g p  pa hrefhttpmysite.comsearchpotato relnofollowhttpmysite.comsearchpotatoap  pbecomes p  pa hrefhttpmysite.comsearchescapedfragmentpotato relnofollowhttpmysite.comsearchescapedfragmentpotatoap  pstrongBut what about encodingstrongp  pHow will google behave if my url is like thisp  pa hrefhttpmysite.comsearchqpotatoampp23 relnofollowhttpmysite.comsearchqpotatoampp23ap  pWill it just be p  pa hrefhttpmysite.comsearchescapedfragmentqpotatoampp23 relnofollowhttpmysite.comsearchescapedfragmentqpotatoampp23ap  por something like thisp  pa hrefhttpmysite.comsearchescapedfragment3Fq3Dpotato26p3D23 relnofollowhttpmysite.comsearchescapedfragment3Fq3Dpotato26p3D23ap  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pThis guy has a different tak on the quistion  but still no answer a hrefhttpproductforums.google.comforummsgwebmasters21O7HlAB90AwfCdo3KcmskJ relnofollowhttpproductforums.google.comforummsgwebmasters21O7HlAB90AwfCdo3KcmskJap
Negative 387 pAlright, so I am trying to create a widget for my website that will display all of my recent blog posts. Tumblr already has a JS that will do this that looks like this.p  precodeltscript srcblogname.tumblr.comjsgtltscriptgt codepre  pBut I have recently found something better that looks like this.p  precodeltimg border0 stylemargin0 idjitumblrphotoblogname1 src alt gt ltscript srchttpblogname.tumblr.comapireadjsonnumber10amptypephotogtltscriptgt ltscriptgtdocument.getElementByIdjitumblrphotoblogname1.setAttributesrc, tumblrapiread.posts[0][photourl500]ltscriptgt codepre  pNot Im not too great with JS yet but I kind of figured out that the first line and third line share the same 1, and it kind of acts as a place holder. Now in third line you will see where is saysp  precodetumblrapiread.posts[0] codepre  pAgain, Im not that great with JS but Ive found out if you change that number it changes what post it displays from your blog. So for instance, I can take that 1 and increment it from 110 and increment the 0 from 09 and it will display my last 10 Tumblr posts. From my last post I have found out how to increment numbers with this PHP script.p  precodeoffset  10 page  1  if issetGET[post] ampamp isnumericGET[post]  page  GET[post]   startnumber  page  1  offset endnumber    startnumber  10  num  startnumber while num lt endnumber  echo num num   echo sprintflta hrefindex.phppagetumblramppostsgtMoreltagt, page  1 codepre  pNow Im not really that sure how it works, but I know that it does work. The only problem is that it displays 010, and like I said I need it from 110 and 09. That way in the while loop where it echos out num I can change it to.p  precodeltimg border0 stylemargin0 idjitumblrphotoblognameltphp echo onetoten gt src alt gt ltscript srchttpblogname.tumblr.comapireadjsonnumber10amptypephotogtltscriptgt ltscriptgtdocument.getElementByIdjitumblrphotoblognameltphp echo onetoten gt.setAttributesrc, tumblrapiread.posts[ltphp echo zerotonine gt][photourl500]ltscriptgt codepre  pAnd when I press the more button it will increment the 09 to 1019. I dont believe I have to change the onetoten because its just a place holder but for right now Im stuck... Any help would be amazingp
Negative 387 pI have been working on Android Studio for a while now. But today when I tried to create a new project, I got the following error message p  blockquote   pYour Android SDK is out of date or is missing templates. Please ensure   you are using SDK version 22 or later. You can configure your SDK via   Configure  Project Defaults  Project Structure  SDKsp blockquote  pI upgraded my SDK tools, android studio. I have also configured my sdk location in studio as per the message, but to no avail.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqJoaq.png altSDK Managerp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comn6FDN.png altAndroid Studiop
Negative 387 pHi I have created a table and connected it to MVC project through ADO.NET entity.  After connecting I added the controller for the entity and it creates a set of cshtml files in VIEW folder in MVC project.  But now What I need is to create a dropdownlist and textbox. I created the dropdownlist in a cshtml file and also wriiten the logic for it in the CONTROLLER.  I can also create TEXTBOXES,but im facing the problem of poulating TEXTBOX based on the dropdownlist selection.p  pMy Model auto generated by VS 2012 is p  precode public partial class PlanS                  public int PlanIdPK  get set          public string PlanNames  get set          public string Hours  get set       codepre  pMy Controller  for displaying dropdownlist is  p  precode public class dropdownController  Controller                private PivotEntities db  new PivotEntities                    GET dropdown          public ActionResult Index                      ViewBag.plannames  new SelectListdb.PlanS, PlanIdPK, PlanNames              return View                   protected override void Disposebool disposing                      db.Dispose             base.Disposedisposing                  public ActionResult ddl                      return Viewnew PlanS                codepre  pMy view.cshtml for displaying dropdownlist is p  pp  precodemodel Pivot.Models.PlanS      ViewBag.Title  Index   lth2gtIndexlth2gt   ltdivgt         Html.DropDownListPlanNames, select  ltdivgt codepre  pp  pNow When I select an item in the dropdownlist, it should automatically populate the corresponding value in the table. Here in my code, PlanS table is autogenrated as PlanS MODEL Class. But in Database I have set of values for these columns in table.p  precodeeg..     PlanIdPK     PlanNames      Hours               1           Plan1          1hrs               2           Plan2          2hrs               3           Plan3          3hrs codepre  pHere in this PlanS table,p  pPlanNames column is populated in the DROPDOWNLIST, When I select the Plan1 in DDL it should populate the texbox as 1hrsp  pWhen I select the Plan2 in DDL it should populate the textbox as 2hrs.p  pThis is the logic i need and I can do this in asp webforms but it is tricky in MVC.p  pI think that Jquery is needed for it.......p  pPlease help me, I had spent hours in finding this logic....p  pThanks in advance...p
Negative 387 pI want to create a facebook app for desktop that allows the user to choose albums and photos to send them later on through email or upload them to a server from which I could send the photos via email.p  pIm new to Facebook programming and I would like to study what I need since my timeline is near. This is a college project.. I know php and some  javascript. Your advice is greatly appreciated. p
Negative 387 pI use the jmatIO library to read a .mat file. In plain java I can set the path to the matFileReader like thisp  precodeMatFileReader mfr  new MatFileReaderthetaphismallparam5.mat codepre  pand I can have access to all the .mat data. Inside the android i put the .mat file to the assets folder and I tried to access it like thisp  precodemfr  new MatFileReaderfileassetsthetaphi.mat codepre  pbut it doesnt work. How can I get the path to the mat file inside the assets folder so to read it with the MatFileReader p
Negative 387 pI have 8 buttons and each button should take you to the same activity but the title of the activity will change depending on which button you press.p  pThe idea behind this is that I have 8 Movie screens and each button corresponds to a screen 1 through 8. so inside the onclick method i will use the proper query for that screen and set the title to that specific screen number. There are better ways to do this im sure like with a drop down list but i just want to know for what i have already.p  pIs there a way to set the title of the page with a string reference or do i need to hard code the title in the buttons onclick methodp
Negative 387 pI have a login page at codemyhost8080authlogincode after I logged in I set a cookie by my home controller class which is at codemyhost8080homecodep  pI am setting my cookie like thisp  precode Cookie myCookie   new CookieJSSESSIONID, request.getSession.getId  myCookie.setPath  response.addCookiemyCookie codepre  pbut when I see it via firebug, it shows me the path home. I want to set cookie on root path so that can ready from other places.p
Negative 387 pCan anyone tell how to limit the growing of textarea on typing I tried using maxheight property but no use...the textarea keeps on growing more than the pageheight. p
Negative 387 pI have an application that allows my user to run queries against a database of their choice. The database can be either SQL server or Oracle. this method accepts two parameters from another class, first parameter is the connection string to the database the user chooses, and the second is the database type. that part works fine. what I am trying to do is cut back on the code I need to write and not type the query and connection stuff over and over. so, I would like to do something like this. Obviously this wont work, but Im open to most solutions.p  precodepublic void createTablestring connectstring, string rdbms      if rdbms  oracle              con  new OracleConnectionconnectionString         con.Open         OracleCommand query  con.CreateCommand          else if rdbms  SQL Server              con  new SqlConnectionconnectionString         con.Open         SqlCommand query  con.CreateCommand          else              broke           query.CommandText  CREATE TABLE   RndName           Col0 Varchar10,Col1 Varchar10, Col2 Varchar10     query.ExecuteNonQuery      con.Close     executeInsertTransactionsconnectstring  codepre
Negative 387 pIm having some trouble getting elastic search integrated with an existing application, but it should be a fairly straightforward issue. Im able to create and destroy indices but for some reason Im having trouble getting data into elastic search and querying for it.p  pIm using the pyes library and honestly finding the documentation to be less than helpful on this front. This is my current code p  precodedef initializetranscriptsdatabase, mapping     database.indices.createindextranscriptindex   def indexcoursedatabase, sjsondirectory, coursename, mapping     database.putmappingcoursename, properties mapping, transcriptindex     alltranscripts  grabtranscriptssjsondirectory     videocounter  0     for transcripttuple in alltranscripts         datamap  searchabletext transcripttuple[0], uuid transcripttuple[1]         database.indexdatamap, transcriptindex, coursename, videocounter         videocounter  1     database.indices.refreshtranscriptindex   def searchcoursedatabase, query, coursename     searchquery  TermQuerysearchabletext, query     return database.searchquerysearchquery  codepre  pIm first creating the database, and initializing the index, then trying to add data in and search it with the second two methods. Im currently getting the following error p  precoderaise ElasticSearchExceptionresponse.body, response.status, response.body pyes.exceptions.ElasticSearchException No handler found for uri [transcriptindextestcourse] and method [PUT] codepre  pIm not quite sure how to approach it, and the only reference I could find to this error suggested creating your index beforehand which I believe I am already doing. Has anyone run into this error before Alternatively do you know of any good places to look that I might not be aware of p  pAny help is appreciated.p
Negative 387 pI have come across the most bizarre of problems I have a login page in an MVC application, which when linked by codelogincode will automatically redirect to the home page. However, if I use codeLogincode or codelogincode, it worksp  pI have no idea whether its something to do with a configuration Ive messed up, or a configuration in the routing Ive played around with, but it happens exclusively with the login page.p  pI am using forms authentication, and have tried changing the page that youre redirected to from the login page, but that doesnt seem to help at all.p  pAny ideasp  pstrongUpdatestrong this only happens on my local machine. I host with Windows Azure, and it works fine when deployed.p  pstrongEditstrong current routing configurationp  precodepublic static void RegisterRoutesRouteCollection routes      routes.IgnoreRouteresource.axdpathInfo      routes.MapRoute         name Default,         url controlleractionid,         defaults new  controller  Index, action  Index, id  UrlParameter.Optional            routes.LowercaseUrls  true  codepre
Negative 387 pWhen I try to build my own version of Python usingp  precode.configure enableshared prefixappvendorpythondev ampamp make ampamp make install codepre  pI see some errors during installationp  blockquote   pusrbinld usrlocalliblibpython2.7.aabstract.o relocation   RX866432 against .rodata.str1.8 can not be used when making a   shared object recompile with fPIC usrlocalliblibpython2.7.a   could not read symbols Bad valuep blockquote  pThe problem starts when the linker tries to use codeusrlocalliblibpython2.7.acode and not the newly compiled library. p  pHow can I prevent the linker configuremake from using the python libraries installed on the systemp
Negative 387 pBelow is my script.  As mentioned in the code comments below, when I execute the codebrowser.text.includeitem.should  truecode from codecmd prompt gt irbcode I correctly get the value codetruecode returned when searching for the expected web page content.  When executed in this script, however, it doesnt work and returns a value of codefalsecode.  Interestingly enough, if I change the script to codebrowser.html.includeitem.should  truecode it works both in the script and through cmd prompt.  What is the issuep  pI am using ruby 1.9.3 and the gems listed below.  Any help would be awesome  Thank youp  precoderequire watirwebdriver require rspec require rubygems  Giventhat I have gone to the Google page do   browser  WatirBrowser.new ff   browser.goto httpwww.google.com end  WhenI add . to the search box do item   browser.textfieldname gt q.setitem end  Andclick the Search Button do   browser.buttonname gt btnG.click end  Then. should be mentioned in the results do item   browser.text.includeitem.should  true   the line directly above works in cmd prompt gt irb gt and returns a value of true   but when executed from this script returns a value of false and shows up as failed in the   cucumber html report   browser.close end codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying to create a folderfile system similar to the ones used in most OSes. Basically Ive figured out that I should use three classes codeFilecode, codeFoldercode, and a common base class. Lets call it codeCommoncode for the sake of creativity. Heres how I thought the headers for those three should look likep  h3common.hh3  precodeclass Common      string mname  all files and folders have a name     Folder mparent  all files and folders can have a parent  public     virtual void open  0  executed when folder or file is opened by user     virtual void draw const  all files and folders can be printed     virtual void setParentFolder parent     virtual Folder getParent const  codepre  h3folder.hh3  precodeclass Folder  public Common      vectorltCommongt mchildren  folders can contain other files and folders                                  whereas files cannot  public     virtual void open  folder opens basically shows the content     virtual void draw const  folder draws differently  codepre  h3file.hh3  precodeclass File  public Common       not really files, they just call a function when opened     funcptr mopenAction  public     virtual void open  calls mopenAction when opened  codepre  pAs you can see, the problem is that my base class codeCommoncode should be able to know its subclass codeFoldercode, which is bad behaviour and shouldnt be done at least according to my teacher. This makes it impossible for me to code the system like I had planned to.p  pHow should such system be designedp
Negative 387 h2The goalh2  pSelect MINMAX price of each product in database.p  h2The problemh2  pI am able to get only products with specified identifiers.p  h2What I haveh2  pIm using strongemMySQLemstrong and I have the follow queryp  precodeSELECT MINmap.ProductPrice as minProductPrice,     MAXmap.ProductPrice as maxProductPrice,     pr.ProductName as productName FROM bmmarketproducts as map JOIN bmproducts as pr JOIN bmmarkets as ma WHERE map.ProductId  1 AND map.ProductId  pr.ProductId codepre  pMy return is the codeminProductPricecode, codemaxProductPricecode and codeproductNamecode.p  h2The solutionh2  pThank you about your help. The both answers above are right  but I chose GordonLinoff answers as accepted because I think it will be more useful and enjoyed by beginners  but really thanks to you both guys. strongThe final querystrongp  precodeSELECT MINmap.ProductPrice as minProductPrice,        MAXmap.ProductPrice as maxProductPrice,        pr.ProductName as productName FROM bmmarketproducts map join      bmproducts as pr      on map.ProductId  pr.ProductId group by map.ProductId codepre  pCheersp
Negative 387 pIs there any way to get only the alias name that is used in a select statement of an stored procedure I want to create entities using that select statement.p  pExamplep  precodeprocedure Getnamesnamerecords out Sysrefcursors as begin  open namerecords for select    N.Firstname    FirstName,   N.SecondName    Secondname from  Names End Getnames codepre  pI want to get only the codeFirstnamecode ,codesecondnamecode as a result by passing only the stored procedure names.p  pAre there any system tables which store this informationp
Negative 387 pI am trying to make a Line Graph using the Google Chart API. On my computer, it works perfectly in IE, Firefox, and Chrome. However, on my bosses computer, in IE, when the graph is generated it appears compressed and none of the text is readable. If he clicks the button to generate the graph repeatedly, the graph will keep refreshing and eventually fit to the proper size of the page. p  pAre there any particular setting I need to tweak that Im missing This is kind of a weird error I know. p  pThis is the code used to create the graphp  precode.ajax         type post,         url getDailyChartObjects.html,         data dataString,         dataType json,         success functiondata, textStatus, jqXHR              var map  new google.visualization.DataTable             map.addRowsdata.rateobject.length             map.addColumnstring, Date             map.addColumnnumber, USDtocurr Exchange Rate              .eachdata.rateobject, functioni,v                 map.setValuei,0,v.date                 map.setValuei,1, v.price                           var linegraph  new google.visualization.LineChartdocument.getElementByIdchartcontainer             var options chartAreawidth100, height  100             linegraph.drawmap,options                codepre  pAlso I should probably add that my bosses monitors are a different size than mine.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to receive a message sent over OSC from Pure Data or MaxMSP to MATLAB.p  ul liIm able to send OSC messages from Pure Data to Pure Datali liI can send messages from MATLAB to MATLABli liI can even send messages from MATLAB to Pure Datali li...Im really struggling to get Pure Data to talk back to MATLABli ul  pHeres my code that sends messages from MATLAB Im using the oscmex protocolp  precodehost  localhost  local host UDP address sendPort  3333  UDP port number to send over receivePort  3333  UDP port number to receive from oscAddress  oscnewaddresshost, sendPort  open send address oscServer  oscnewserverreceivePort  open server  dataPacket  structpath,foo,tt,f,data,num2cell[1.0]  create packet oscsendoscAddress, dataPacket  write packet to OSC  oscMessage  oscrecvoscServer, 0.1  listen for packet on OSC   check to see if anything is there... if lengthoscMessage gt 0     fprintfFound something else     fprintfFailed to find anything end  oscfreeaddressoscAddress oscfreeserveroscServer codepre  pIf I send using host localhost, everything works fine sending emfromem MATLAB emtoem MATLAB using the code above. If I set it to 127.0.0.1, MATLAB sends to Pure Data, but MATLAB then cant receive its own messages.p  pNow for the other end of things. Heres my Pure Data patchp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comaGjUv.png altPure Data patch imagep  pAgain, running the above patch alone successfully sends and receives messages through Pure Data.p  pThe problem lies when I try to talk from one program to another. If I set things so that MATLAB is sending on port 3333 and Pure Data is receiving on 3333, and that Pure Data is sending on 2222 and MATLAB is receiving on 2222, I can make Pure Data emreceiveem if MATLABs host is 127.0.0.1. But, with 127.0.0.1, MATLAB cant send to itself.p  pIn any case, no matter what I try, Im unable to make Pure Data emsendem to MATLAB, despite being able to get it to send to itself. I suspect it has something to do with the host address.p  pMy actual IPv4 address found using ipconfig of the MS command prompt is completely different from 127.0.0.1, and using the value specified here doesnt seem to make things work any better.p  pIm aware that I cant have more than one OSC server with the same port open at any one time and so my current attempt at a solution involves sending from MATLAB on one port, and sending from Pure Data on another, with only a single server open at one time on either port.p  pNote Im also aware that I use codefoocode for messages from MATLAB and codetestcode from Pure Data. However, my MATLAB code indiscriminately receives everything sent over OSC, so this makes no difference.p  pAny help getting PD to talk to MATLAB would be appreciated.p  pemUpdateem Ive solved the localhost issue and that doesnt seem to fix things i had to add localhost to my Windows hosts file. So, I may have been barking up the wrong tree by worrying about the localhost thing. But, I still cant get PD to talk to MATLAB.p  pstrongUpdate 2strong Amro has posted an elegant solution below and I emstillem cant get MATLAB to receive messages from Pure Data. Ive installed a hrefhttpsourceforge.netprojectsclosethedoor relnofollowCloseTheDoora to monitor my UDP connections and notice that when MATLAB sets up a server, it uses the Interface code[0]code, whereas PD sets uses Interface code0.0.0.0code. Since PureData is the one that successfully receives messages, perhaps I need to make MATLAB listen on code0.0.0.0code as wellp
Negative 387 pHi currently i am making a Table with 21 Columns Task, Name, Time Taken Each group, so total 7 groups.p  pTask combo consist of WIP, HOLD, Quality Check Name combo consist of Mark, John, Alex Time taken is a number field only minutes like 150, 200, 300 etcp  pAt the end i have 3 columns which is for total time taken for WIP, HOLD, Quality Checkp  pMy Requirements a When i select a Task eg. WIP auto the name should block with the user logged in I have created a employee table with login form its working finep  pb When the task selected as WIP and entered the Time Taken may be multipal times wit there groups. only the WIP total time should calculate and reflect on TOTAL TIME TAKEN for WIP columnp  pPlease help me ... it may be confusing but let me know if your unable to understand.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pI have a website, and I use Drupal for CMS. i.e. I write articles in codemysite.comdrupalcode but I display them in codemysite.comshowarticle.phparticleidxamparticlenameycode actually codemysite.comarticlexycode with .htaccess RewriteRule by loading the content from Drupal database.p  pHowever, when I search for an article in google, codemysite.comdrupalnodexycode appears as the result, but codemysite.comarticlexycode doesnt.p  pso I guess I need to add some codeltgoogle nofollowgtcode tags in drupals php pages, but which ones or is there an easier configuration setting for thisp  pThanks p
Negative 387 pI am exploring mongodb , I have written a code to connect mongodb and mysql using kundera It works fine. But I am having a requirement to connect Informix database and mongodb please let me know how to do that. Thanks in advance p
Negative 387 pI have the following stdmap definedp  precode The map holding the list of registered services per partition key.  stdmapltSRServicePartitionKey, stdvectorltEndPointAddrgt gt mServiceMap codepre  pI have below indicated function whose aim is to remove a specific EndPointAddr pointer in the vector that is kept in the value of the above defined Map instance. I am getting a SEGABORT in gdb after the following scenario realizedp  ol liAdd multiple items to the mapli liDelete the items using the below function one by one.li liAdd those deleted items again a few of themli lipDelete one item  AT THIS POINT I get a sigabort in GDB with the following messagep  pstrong glibc detected strong homeholbDESIGNECLBCPREPsV2eclbcpbuildoutputServiceRegistrar double free or corruption fasttop 0x00007ffff0002e10 emempli ol  pGDB Back trace is available at the bottom... p  pstrongQUESTIONstrong What particular things do you think are wrong in this removal function below Why do I get this Double free or corruption error What do you think I am missing in the removal function where I first find the item to be deleted, then remove it from the vector and finally deallocate it. p  pstrongREMOVAL FUNCTIONstrongp  precodebool ServiceRegistrarremoveServiceconst EndPointAddr amp epAddrForRemoval     bool condErased  false    forauto it  mServiceMap.begin it  mServiceMap.end it               stdcout ltlt tPartition [                      ltlt it.first.getInstanceNo ltlt ,                     ltlt it.first.getContext ltlt ,                     ltlt it.first.getVersion ltlt ]                     ltlt stdendl        stdvectorltEndPointAddrgt  serviceList  it.second          auto found               stdfindifserviceListgtbegin,                          serviceListgtend,                          [epAddrForRemoval] EndPointAddr otherEPAddr                                                        const EndPointTipcAddr amp tipcAddrToRemove  epAddrForRemoval.getImmutableTipcAddress                           const EndPointTipcAddr amp otherTipcAddr  otherEPAddrgtgetImmutableTipcAddress                                                                                                                     return tipcAddrToRemove.compareTootherTipcAddr                                                          EndPointAddr  toBeDeAllocatedEP  found          auto toBeErasedEP            stdremoveifserviceListgtbegin,                         serviceListgtend,                         [epAddrForRemoval] EndPointAddr otherEPAddr                                                       const EndPointTipcAddr amp tipcAddrToRemove  epAddrForRemoval.getImmutableTipcAddress                           const EndPointTipcAddr amp otherTipcAddr  otherEPAddrgtgetImmutableTipcAddress                                                                                                                     return tipcAddrToRemove.compareTootherTipcAddr                                           iftoBeErasedEP  serviceListgtend                     serviceListgterasetoBeErasedEP, serviceListgtend           condErased  true              iftoBeDeAllocatedEP  0            LINE 1396 is HERE       delete toBeDeAllocatedEP             end of For Loop    return condErased  codepre  pstrongGDB BackTracestrongp  precodegdb bt 0  0x00007ffff7026425 in raise  from libx8664linuxgnulibc.so.6 1  0x00007ffff7029b8b in abort  from libx8664linuxgnulibc.so.6 2  0x00007ffff706439e in   from libx8664linuxgnulibc.so.6 3  0x00007ffff706eb96 in   from libx8664linuxgnulibc.so.6 4  0x00007ffff7681540 in stdbasicstringltchar, stdchartraitsltchargt,     stdallocatorltchargt gtbasicstring  from usrlibx8664linuxgnulibstdc.so.6 5  0x0000000000434604 in EndPointIpAddrEndPointIpAddr this0x7ffff0002fb0, inchrgltoptimized outgt at   homeholbDESIGNECLBCPREPsV2eclbcpsrccontrolcomponents..controlapiapiutilEndPointIpAddr.hpp28 6  0x0000000000434660 in EndPointAddrEndPointAddr this0x7ffff0002f90, inchrgltoptimized outgt at homeholbDESIGNECLBCPREPsV2eclbcpsrccontrolcomponents..controlapiapiutilEndPointAddr.hpp36 7  0x000000000043c97f in ServiceRegistrarremoveService this0x7fffffffdea0, epAddrForRemoval... at homeholbDESIGNECLBCPREPsV2eclbcpsrccontrolapiServiceRegistrar.cpp1396 codepre
Negative 387 pPlease ,i use fedora 16  and i working with JDBC  to connect with mysql, i have  this errorp  pjava.lang.ClassNotFoundException com.mysql.jdbc.Driverp  precodeenter code here  at java.net.URLClassLoader1.runURLClassLoader.java217 at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClassURLClassLoader.java205 at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java321 at sun.misc.LauncherAppClassLoader.loadClassLauncher.java294 at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java266 at java.lang.Class.forName0Native Method at java.lang.Class.forNameClass.java188 at JDBC.mysql.mainmysql.java31 codepre  pstronghow i can conect java with MYsql Under fedora strongp
Negative 387 pI would like to use Ruby on Rails to ping a list of ip addresses to determine if it uses AWS EC2. How can I do this p
Negative 387 pSuppose I have the following URL routep  precodeapp.postupvote, functionreq, res     make a database a call to increase vote count  codepre  pWhat can I do to prevent others from opening up a console and sending AJAX POST request on codewww.mysite.comupvotecode Id like it so that only codewww.mysite.comcode is allowed to make that POST request and no one else.p
Negative 387 pI have a codeListltBankAccountgt CompanyAccountscode property in class codeCompanycode.  On codeCreateCompanycode page One or more codeBankAccountcode informations are being entered in table dynamically . I want javascriptjquery code to iterate each row and create a new codeAccountcode type object and this push object in codeCompanyAccountscode.p
Negative 387 pI have checked all the related questions about this issue. The issue i have is, i have scala code and java code in same netbeans project.  The home env for scala is set. I use windows system for the development. I know that the build.xml of the netbeans project needs to be changed, to compile scala code first and then compile the java code. But i couldnt find much of example to do this on netbeans IDE. p
Negative 387 pCan any one tell me how can i obtain the values of the checked rows in a custom view list For example my code has a custom view list with two text view and a checkbox. Whenever the user checks a row and hits the submit button i need to retrieve the information in the two textview..p  pThe code isp  precode public class contacts extends Activity implements OnItemClickListener          static final String TAG  contacts         ArrayListltStringgt contactName  new ArrayListltStringgt         ArrayListltStringgt contactNumber  new ArrayListltStringgt          MyAdapter myAdapter         Button AddNumber         String numberIntent         View vi         ListView listView          Override         protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState              super.onCreatesavedInstanceState             setContentViewR.layout.listview              getAllContactsthis.getContentResolver             listView  ListView findViewByIdR.id.lists             myAdapter  new MyAdapter             listView.setAdaptermyAdapter              listView.setItemsCanFocusfalse             listView.setTextFilterEnabledtrue              adding             AddNumber  Button findViewByIdR.id.AddNumbers             listView.setOnItemClickListenernew AdapterView.OnItemClickListener                     Override                 public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt arg0, View arg1, int arg2,                         long arg3                      Object listItem  listView.getItemAtPosition0                     Log.dTAG,listView listener  listItem                                            AddNumber.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                   Override                 public void onClickView v                       StringBuilder checkedContacts  new StringBuilder                     Log.dTAG, onClick  myAdapter.mCheckStates.size                     for int i  0 i lt contactName.size i                                               if myAdapter.mCheckStates.geti  true                              checkedContacts.appendcontactName.geti.toString                             checkedContacts.appendn                           else                              Log.dTAG, No OnClick  contactName.geti.toString                                                                     Toast.makeTextcontacts.this, checkedContacts,                             Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                      ArrayListltStringgt checkboxArray  new ArrayListltStringgt                      myAdapter.mCheckStates  listView.getCheckedItemPositions                      Log.dTAG, Sparse  myAdapter.mCheckStates                      for int i  0 i lt myAdapter.mCheckStates.size i                       int position  myAdapter.mCheckStates.keyAti                      boolean bool  myAdapter.mCheckStates.valueAtposition                                      Log.dTAG, Sparse2  myAdapter.mCheckStates                                            String[] outputStrArr  new String[checkboxArray.size]                       for int i  0 i lt checkboxArray.size i                       outputStrArr[i]  checkboxArray.geti                                                                           Override         public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt arg0, View arg1, int arg2, long arg3              myAdapter.togglearg2                   public void getAllContactsContentResolver cr               Cursor cursor  cr.query                     ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.CONTENTURI, null, null,                     null, ContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.DISPLAYNAME                               COLLATE LOCALIZED ASC             while cursor.moveToNext                  String name  cursor                         .getStringcursor                                 .getColumnIndexContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.DISPLAYNAME                 String phoneNumber  cursor                         .getStringcursor                                 .getColumnIndexContactsContract.CommonDataKinds.Phone.NUMBER                 Log.dTAG, getAllContacts  phoneNumber                 contactName.addname                 contactNumber.addphoneNumber                            cursor.close             Intent in  new Intentthis, TrackLogic.class             in.putExtracontact, contactName.toArray             Log.dTAG, Intent  contactName             in.putExtracontact1, contactNumber.toArray                   class MyAdapter extends BaseAdapter implements                 CompoundButton.OnCheckedChangeListener              private SparseBooleanArray mCheckStates             LayoutInflater mInflater             TextView phoneView, contactView             CheckBox checkBox              MyAdapter                  mCheckStates  new SparseBooleanArraycontactName.size                 mInflater  LayoutInflater contacts.this                         .getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE                            Override             public int getCount                  return contactName.size                           Override             public Object getItemint position                  return position                           Override             public long getItemIdint position                   return 0                           Override             public View getViewfinal int position, View convertView,                     ViewGroup parent                  vi  convertView                 if convertView  null                     vi  mInflater.inflateR.layout.row, null                 contactView  TextView vi.findViewByIdR.id.contactname                 phoneView  TextView vi.findViewByIdR.id.phonenumber                 checkBox  CheckBox vi.findViewByIdR.id.checkBoxid                 contactView.setTextcontactName.getposition                 phoneView.setTextcontactNumber.getposition                 checkBox.setTagposition                 checkBox.setCheckedmCheckStates.getposition, false                 checkBox.setOnCheckedChangeListenerthis                  return vi                           public boolean isCheckedint position                   return mCheckStates.getposition, false                           public void setCheckedint position, boolean isChecked                  mCheckStates.putposition, isChecked                 Log.dTAG, setChecked                 notifyDataSetChanged                           public void toggleint position                  setCheckedposition, isCheckedposition                           Override             public void onCheckedChangedCompoundButton buttonView,                     boolean isChecked                    mCheckStates.putInteger buttonView.getTag, isChecked                            codepre  pI cannot seem to figure it out and its a real drain on me now. Any help is highly appreciated.. Thanks.p
Negative 387 pI have a method that create a Process object, sets paremeters and star it. Which way of checking the error is more correct in code below  this p  precodepublic void DoSomethingstring command              try                      var p  new Process             p.StartInfo.UseShellExecute  false             p.StartInfo.FileName  command             p.Start             p.WaitForExit                  catch Exception e                      Console.WriteLinee               codepre  por this p  precodepublic void DoSomethingstring command              Process p  new Process         p.StartInfo.UseShellExecute  false         p.StartInfo.RedirectStandardError  true         p.StartInfo.FileName  command         p.Start         string error  p.StandardError.ReadToEnd         p.WaitForExit          if string.IsNullOrEmptyerror                      Console.WriteLineerror               codepre  pThanks for any help.p
Negative 387 pI have this codep  precodefolderList  ListltSPFoldergtfolderList.OrderByfolder gt Object x  folder.GetPropertyOrder Folder By x  null  0  intx.ToList codepre  pBut its giving me a syntax error.p  pDoes anyone know whats wrong herep  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pI have this code  class AttemptLogin extends AsyncTask p  precode    Override     protected void onPreExecute          super.onPreExecute         pDialog  new ProgressDialogMyAkan.this         pDialog.setMessageAttempting login...         pDialog.setIndeterminatefalse         pDialog.setCancelabletrue         pDialog.show           Override     protected String doInBackgroundString... arg0          int success         String idnumber  etIdnumber.getText.toString         String password  etPassword.getText.toString          try               Building Parameters             ListltNameValuePairgt params  new ArrayListltNameValuePairgt             params.addnew BasicNameValuePairidnumber, idnumber             params.addnew BasicNameValuePairpassword, password              JSONObject json  jsonParser.makeHttpRequestLOGINURL, POST,                     params              success  json.getIntTAGSUCCESS             if success  1                  Log.dLogin Successful, json.toString                  Intent i  new Intentcom.gpplsmje.mac.akan.AKANMENU                 String id  json.getStringTAGIDNUMBER                 i.putExtraidnumber, id                 finish                 startActivityi                 return json.getStringTAGMESSAGE              else if success  0                  Log.dLogin Failure, json.getStringTAGMESSAGE                 return json.getStringTAGMESSAGE                       catch JSONException e              e.printStackTrace                  return null           Override     protected void onPostExecuteString fileurl           TODO Autogenerated method stub         pDialog.dismiss         if fileurl  null              Toast.makeTextMyAkan.this, fileurl, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                 codepre  pThis app connects to a server and returns encoded JSON data. Whenever I test it on a local server on my machine, it works fine. It connects fine with the server. But when I turn off my server and use the app, the app loads but stops after a minute or so of login attempt. Is there a way to time the progress for maybe 20sec maximum, and then if it consumes the time it must dismiss the progressdialog and return to the main activityp  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to consume a webservice using codewsimportcode goal declared at maven build. But I am facing the problem with codem2e connectorscode. There is an error in my POM which saysp  precodePlugin execution not covered by lifecycle configuration org.codehaus.mojojaxwsmaven           plugin1.10wsimport execution default, phase generatesources codepre  pI have been trying to install m2e connectors but not getting them even in marketplace. There are other m2e connectors but not for JAXWS which i need.p  pI have followed and tried almost each solution mentioned a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6352208howtosolvepluginexecutionnotcoveredbylifecycleconfigurationforsprinherea but all in vain.p  pAlthough there is no problem in generating the resources. The resources are generated at build time successfully but this POM error strongis not allowingstrong my project to get sync with my tomcat and each time I have to deploy the war manually to test even the little changes i make.p  pAll this is really annoying and I need to figure out a solution to this. I am using eclipse juno in this. Below is the POM file I am usingp  precodeltbuildgt     ltfinalNamegthomeltfinalNamegt     ltpluginsgt                ltplugingt             ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.mojoltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjaxwsmavenpluginltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.10ltversiongt             ltexecutionsgt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltphasegtpostcleanltphasegt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtwsimportltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                 ltexecutiongt             ltexecutionsgt             lt gt             ltconfigurationgt                 ltwsdlUrlsgt                     ltwsdlUrlgthttplocalhost8080emailserviceservicesEmailServicewsdlltwsdlUrlgt                 ltwsdlUrlsgt                 ltsourceDestDirgtproject.build.directorygeneratedltsourceDestDirgt                 ltverbosegttrueltverbosegt             ltconfigurationgt         ltplugingt         ltplugingt             ltartifactIdgtmavencompilerpluginltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.3.2ltversiongt             ltconfigurationgt                 ltsourcegt1.6ltsourcegt                 lttargetgt1.6lttargetgt             ltconfigurationgt         ltplugingt         ltplugingt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.pluginsltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtmavencompilerpluginltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.3.1ltversiongt             ltconfigurationgt                 ltsourcegt1.6ltsourcegt                 lttargetgt1.6lttargetgt             ltconfigurationgt         ltplugingt         ltplugingt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.pluginsltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtmavenresourcespluginltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.6ltversiongt             ltexecutionsgt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltidgtadditionalresourcesltidgt                     ltphasegtprocessresourcesltphasegt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtcopyresourcesltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                     ltconfigurationgt                         ltoutputDirectorygtproject.build.directoryhomeWEBINFclassesltoutputDirectorygt                         ltresourcesgt                             ltresourcegt                                 ltdirectorygtproject.basedirsrcmainwebappresourcespropsltdirectorygt                             ltresourcegt                         ltresourcesgt                     ltconfigurationgt                 ltexecutiongt             ltexecutionsgt         ltplugingt     ltpluginsgt ltbuildgt codepre
Negative 387 pI have some troubles to implement VLC player to my project. I need overlay video with QgraphicsView basicaly canvas so I be able to draw things. Ive tried to do it this wayp  ol liPoint winId pointer to QgraphicsView. Video renders just fine, but it renders on top of the object, so my graphics items are under video layer.  failli liCreate new QGraphics object as child of my main QGraphics object and then render video to this child. Result is the same as above.  failli liOverlay QWidget with rendered video with my QGraphicsView same pos and size. Ive set transparent background so I can see overlayed widgets but video under this layer just wont render. I stays white but I can hear its playing.  failli ol  pIve read on this forum, that somebody extracts every frame, and sets it as pixmap to an object. I saw the code, but furtunatelly, I dont get it, because I not C professional  I am using Python bindings for Qt PySide and for VLC. Please help, it really bothers me p  pa hrefhttpforum.videolan.orgviewtopic.phpf32ampt68816ampp228645 relnofollowhttpforum.videolan.orgviewtopic.phpf32ampt68816ampp228645ap
Negative 387 precodevar isAnyBool  selector  .filterfunction return this.style.display  none   .length   if isAnyBool  ..  codepre  pThis works as expected but needlessly counts all elements when all its needed is simple truefalse. How it could be improved to be more efficientp  pstrongUPDATEstrong since codevisiblecode doesnt know if element is directly hidden, or some of the parents are actually hidden, I have to check codestyle.displaycode or something equal in functionalityp
Negative 387 pmy first post after long time lurking. Im trying to write a java program to train my calculation skills as Khan academy removed the neverending mode on sum, subtraction, etc. p  pI somehow managed to write the skeleton but I got stuck when I had to implement listeners emif I create a class that implements ActionListener everything works. But when I try to use a sublass that implements ActionListener the code breaks.em strongId like to figure out why.strongp  pI have 3 classes.p  ol lipQuestion generates 2 random int p  precodepublic class Question  public int rand1 public int rand2     public Question      rand1  int 100 Math.random900  to be sure I have at least 3 digits. See AnswerV2.generate     rand2  int 100  Math.random900      codepre  ppli lipAnswersv2 takes the 2 random int     from Question, sums them, create 3 different answers switching     digits, adds the right answer and shuffles them.p  pimport java.util.ArrayList import javax.swing.JButton import java.util.Collectionsp  ppublic class Answersv2      public ArrayList  Answerlist  new ArrayList     public int int1      public int int2     String unop  precodepublic Answersv2 int a, int b      int1  a     int2  b  public void generate      StringBuilder due  new StringBuilder     StringBuilder tre  new StringBuilder     StringBuilder quattro  new StringBuilder      uno  Integer.toStringint1int2  create the string version of int1int2     ArrayList ltCharactergt firstanswer  new ArrayListltCharactergt  create an arraylist of char to store the chars     for char c  uno.toCharArray      firstanswer.addc            Collections.swapfirstanswer,firstanswer.size2,firstanswer.size1  switch tens with units     for char c  firstanswer          due.appendc          String dueString  due.toString      Collections.swapfirstanswer,firstanswer.size3,firstanswer.size2  switchs hundres with tens     for char c  firstanswer          tre.appendc          String treString  tre.toString      Collections.swapfirstanswer,firstanswer.size2,firstanswer.size1  switch tens with units     for char c  firstanswer          quattro.appendc          String quattroString  quattro.toString      adduno,dueString,treString,quattroString  public void add String one,String two,String three,String four     Answerlist.addone     Answerlist.addtwo     Answerlist.addthree     Answerlist.addfour     shuffle  public void shuffle      Collections.shuffleAnswerlist    public void stampa   command code line version to test the program, ignore this System.out.println System.out.printlnint1      int2      System.out.printlnA   Answerlist.get0 System.out.printlnB   Answerlist.get1 System.out.printlnC   Answerlist.get2 System.out.printlnD   Answerlist.get3  public class CoolButton extends JButton     public CoolButtonString answer      setTextanswer          public boolean checkme   method to check if the button pressed was the one with the right answer. I still havent implemented this properly, ignore this too     if getText  uno      return true      else      return false         codepre  p3 QuizV2 Creates the GUI and starts the program.pli ol  pNow... I created a StartListener subclass of QuizV2 in order to make the buttons being able to read the 4 answers from the answer object created in the QuizV2s main and use it to  setText and to change label text, etc.p  pHere is the code Quizv2 with the subclassp  precodeimport java.util.ArrayList import java.util.Collections import java.awt.event. import javax.swing. import java.awt.   public class Quizv2     public MyLabel label  new MyLabelClick Start     JButton button  new JButtonStart     Answersv2 pinolo     Question domanda     Answersv2.CoolButton button1     Answersv2.CoolButton button2     Answersv2.CoolButton button3     Answersv2.CoolButton button4  public static void main String [] args      Quizv2 quiz  new Quizv2     quiz.go        public void go       Question domanda  new Question     Answersv2 pinolo  new Answersv2domanda.rand1,domanda.rand2     pinolo.generate       button1  pinolo.new CoolButtonpinolo.Answerlist.get0     button1.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT     button2  pinolo.new CoolButtonpinolo.Answerlist.get1     button2.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT     button3  pinolo.new CoolButtonpinolo.Answerlist.get2     button3.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT     button4  pinolo.new CoolButtonpinolo.Answerlist.get3     button4.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT      JFrame frame  new JFrameSPI trainer  Sum     JPanel panel  new JPanel       label.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT     int R  int Math.random 256     int G  intMath.random 256     int B intMath.random 256     Color randomColor  new ColorR, G, B     label.setForegroundrandomColor     panel.addlabel       button.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT     panel.addbutton     ActionListener doGreeting  new StartListener     button.addActionListenerdoGreeting       panel.setLayoutnew BoxLayoutpanel, BoxLayout.PAGEAXIS     panel.addbutton1     panel.addbutton2     panel.addbutton3     panel.addbutton4     frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE     frame.getContentPane.addBorderLayout.CENTER,panel      frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE     frame.getContentPane.addBorderLayout.CENTER,panel     frame.setSize300,300     frame.setVisibletrue     frame.setLocationRelativeTo null                 class StartListener extends Quizv2 implements ActionListener          public void actionPerformedActionEvent e              System.out.printlnboo              label.setLabelTextThe button text changed.                         codepre  pHowever it seems Im doing something wrong as it prints boo but it doesnt change the label text. Id like to avoid to use p  precodeclass StartListener extends Quizv2 implements ActionListener          public void actionPerformedActionEvent e                          if buttony  e.getSource                             label.setLabelText domanda.rand1      domanda.rand2                             button1.setVisibletrue                        button2.setVisibletrue                        button3.setVisibletrue                        button4.setVisibletrue                        button.setVisiblefalse                             .....                             .....                         else if buttonx  e.getSource                         ....                         codepre  pin order to figure out which button was pressed so that the programs knows which block of code execute. I then tried not to use a subclass and everything worked out. Here is the code Quizv2p  precodeimport java.util.ArrayList import java.util.Collections import java.awt.event. import javax.swing. import java.awt.   public class Quizv2 implements ActionListener     public MyLabel label  new MyLabelClick Start     JButton button  new JButtonStart     Answersv2 pinolo     Question domanda     Answersv2.CoolButton button1     Answersv2.CoolButton button2     Answersv2.CoolButton button3     Answersv2.CoolButton button4  public static void main String [] args      Quizv2 quiz  new Quizv2     quiz.go        public void go       domanda  new Question     pinolo  new Answersv2domanda.rand1,domanda.rand2     pinolo.generate      button1  pinolo.new CoolButtonpinolo.Answerlist.get0     button1.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT     button2  pinolo.new CoolButtonpinolo.Answerlist.get1     button2.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT     button3  pinolo.new CoolButtonpinolo.Answerlist.get2     button3.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT     button4  pinolo.new CoolButtonpinolo.Answerlist.get3     button4.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT      JFrame frame  new JFrameSPI trainer  Sum     JPanel panel  new JPanel       label.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT     int R  int Math.random 256     int G  intMath.random 256     int B intMath.random 256     Color randomColor  new ColorR, G, B     label.setForegroundrandomColor  Little bit of color     panel.addlabel       button.setAlignmentXComponent.CENTERALIGNMENT     panel.addbutton     button.addActionListenerthis      panel.setLayoutnew BoxLayoutpanel, BoxLayout.PAGEAXIS     panel.addbutton1     button1.setVisiblefalse     panel.addbutton2     button2.setVisiblefalse     panel.addbutton3     button3.setVisiblefalse     panel.addbutton4     button4.setVisiblefalse     frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE     frame.getContentPane.addBorderLayout.CENTER,panel      frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE     frame.getContentPane.addBorderLayout.CENTER,panel     frame.setSize300,300     frame.setVisibletrue     frame.setLocationRelativeTo null        public void actionPerformedActionEvent e          label.setLabelText domanda.rand1      domanda.rand2              button1.setVisibletrue         button2.setVisibletrue         button3.setVisibletrue         button4.setVisibletrue         button.setVisiblefalse           codepre
Negative 387 pI am using the following code to Bulk Insert a data table into my SQL Tablep  precode  Set up the bulk copy object.                   using SqlBulkCopy bulkCopy                             new SqlBulkCopydestinationConnection.Connection                                      bulkCopy.DestinationTableName                          Constants.ReportDataTable                       Write from the source to the destination.                     DataTable dtBulk  GetDatatableInReportDataFormatdt, objectName, version                     bulkCopy.WriteToServerdtBulkTo get the Datatable in the SQL table format                   codepre  pI have a column in my SQL Table named Value, its type is decimal 28,5. My problem is that some values with decimal numbers are being automaticaly rounded, thus I am losing precison, for example a value of code0.72768code is being saved as code0.72767code.p  pIn the Datatable, the column Value is of type Double.p  pAny body has an idea Thankp
Negative 387 pI have the following SELECT that returns all users that posted something in WordPressp  precodeSELECT  FROM wpusers WHERE ID IN SELECT DISTINCT userid FROM qaposts codepre  pWhich SELECT would do the opposite return all users that never postedp  pNOT IN didnt workp  pp  precodeSELECT  FROM wpusers WHERE 1 codepre  pShowing rows 0  191  192 total, Query took 0.0004 secp  precodeSELECT  FROM wpusers WHERE ID IN SELECT DISTINCT userid FROM qaposts codepre  pShowing rows 0  86  87 total, Query took 0.0012 secp  precodeSELECT  FROM wpusers WHERE ID NOT IN SELECT DISTINCT userid FROM qaposts codepre  pMySQL returned an empty result set i.e. zero rows. Query took 0.0055 secp
Negative 387 pI have a csv file. I want to write its columns on another file after I modified them. I tried to transpose the csv file and write each line, then transpose the result again. However, this takes too much time.p  pI then tried somthing likep  precodemyreader  csv.readersource, delimiter  delim mywriter  csv.writerdestination, delimiter  delim  for column in zipmyreader         mywriter.writerowscolumn  codepre  pand p  precodefor column in zipmyreader     for k in column         mywriter.writerow[k] codepre  pIn the first case, the result is a csv file with four columns I dont know why, since the original test file has over a hundred columns.p  pIn the second case, the result is written in a single column.p  pHow can I write each column separatelyp
Negative 387 pIm doing my own project and have something to store in mysql database. After thinking  what should be a best solution DO NOT repeat same values  in DataBase again I didnt find an answer.p  pSo lets example,p  pTable codeCarscode with rows codeCarsIDcode and codeCarsVALUEcode p  precodeJoinTable between Cars and CarsCreationDate codepre  pTable codeCarsCreationDatecode with rows codeCarsCreationDateIDcode and codeCarsCreationDateVALUEcodep  precodeJoinTable between CarsCreationDate and CarsDescription codepre  pTable codeCarsDescriptioncode with rows codeCarsDescriptionIDcode and codeCarsDescriptionVALUEcode p  pIn hibernate entities I would have relationships like thisp  pBetween Entity codeCarsCreationDatecode and codeCarscode ManyToMany, owner of relationships is codeCarsCreationDatecode. Because many codeCarscode can be made in one date and one date can have many cars.p  pBetween Entity codeCarsDescriptioncode and codeCarscode ManyToOne, owner of relationships is codeCarscode entity, entity codeCarsDescriptioncode belongs to codeCarscode. Entity codeCarsDescriptioncode everytime extracts from database with codeCarscode. codefetchTypeEAGERcodep  pNow lets see if we have in DataBase some codeCarscode made already and I want to add new date to this cars I would say  codeCars cars  Carssession.getCars.class, int idindatabasecode  If we do this for a couple times more for different Cars we will have strongTHE SAMEstrong codeCarsDescriptionVALUEcode corresponds to different Cars so it would looks like thisp  blockquote   p20130703 to CarOnep      p20130703 to CarTwop      p20130703 to CarTreep blockquote  pand etc. So I dont need this dates repeat every time.p  pHow do not let this problem to be Thank youp
Negative 387 pI have a protected method in superclass.p  precodepackage com.pts.filter public class a    ...    protected Filter callFilterObject aInParam       return Filter.LowPass     codepre  pI am extending the class a.p  precodepackage com.pts.filter.image     public class b extends a    ...   Override   protected Filter callFilterObject aInParam       ...      return Filter.LowPass     codepre  pI get a compiler error saying strongThe method callFilter of type b must override or implement a supertype methodstrong.  I am extending class a so I dont understand why it does not see the supertype method. Is it because the method I am trying to override is protected From my understanding protected method is visible in subclasses.p
Negative 387 pI am having a bit of trouble accessing the JSON data that I have pulled in. I am using the JSONModel to get my JSON data, like thisp  pAt the Top of my LeftViewController.mp  precodeinterface LeftViewController       PostgresFeed feed  codepre  pAnd then down belowp  precodevoidviewDidAppearBOOLanimated   JSONHTTPClient getJSONFromURLWithStringmyurl completionNSDictionary json,  JSONModelError err  NSError error  nil         feed  [[PostgresFeed alloc] initWithDictionaryjson erroramperror]         NSLogPlayers , feed.player         [self.tableView reloadData]      ]   voidfetchedDataNSData responseData       NSError error      NSDictionary playerData  [NSJSONSerialization JSONObjectWithDataresponseData optionskNilOptions erroramperror]       NSMutableDictionary player  [playerData objectForKeyplayer]    idinitWithCoderNSCoder aDecoder      if self  [super initWithCoderaDecoder]              feed.player  [NSMutableArray array]      return self  codepre  pAnd in my PostgresFeed.hp  precodeproperty nonatomic, strong NSString playerName property nonatomic, strong NSString currentScore property nonatomic, strong NSArray totalPenalties property nonatomic, strong NSString timePlayed codepre  pAnd nothing in my PostgresFeed.mp  pI know that when I do it this way, I am getting all of the data that I want into my LeftViewController, which is the tableView of a MasterDetail. And when I look at the codeNSLogPlayers , feed.playercode I can tell that I am getting all of the data that I want from the database.p  pHow do I access this data that I know I have to populate my DetailViewController Should I use NSUserDefaults Should I create a new class to fetch, parse and hold onto this datap  pI am new to this all, so a point to a tutorial, or tutorial like instructions are greatly appreciated. If any more code or details are needed, please let me know.p  pstrongemEDITemstrongp  pAfter applying the NSNotificationCenter as suggested by soryngod, I get the following output from my codeNSLog, notification.userinfocode in my RightViewControllerp  precode20130704 122026.208 PlayerTracking[2577711303]  player                            currentScore  4         totalPenalties                                id  9         name  Jakob Melon         timeStarted  20130605 195610     ,                      currentScore  16         totalPenalties                                id  10         name  John China         timeStarted  20130606 1721300     ,                      currentScore  178         totalPenalties                                id  11         name  Jason Dog         timeStarted  20130607 192610     ,                      currentScore  1233         totalPenalties                                id  12         name  Fox Wolfe         timeStarted  20130605 195610     ,                      currentScore  234         totalPenalties                                id  13         name  Dakota Cool         timeStarted  20130605 195610     ,                      currentScore  34234         totalPenalties                                id  14         name  Max Face         timeStarted  20130605 190030     ,                      currentScore  2342         totalPenalties                                id  15         name  Jonatan Blah         timeStarted  20130605 180030     ,                      currentScore  234234         totalPenalties                                id  16         name  Thomas Bus         timeStarted  20130605 195610     ,                      currentScore  34566         totalPenalties                                id  17         name  Super Cake         timeStarted  20130605 175130     ,                      currentScore  23463         totalPenalties                                id  18         name  Duke Nukem         timeStarted  20130607 192610     ,                      currentScore  12362         totalPenalties                                id  19         name  Gordon Freeman         timeStarted  20130605 195610     ,                      currentScore  23424         totalPenalties                                id  20         name  Isaac Kleiner         timeStarted  20130605 172130     ,                      currentScore  13551         totalPenalties                                id  21         name  Allen Bradley         timeStarted  20130605 172130     ,                      currentScore  16625         totalPenalties                                id  22         name  Steve Jobs         timeStarted  20130605 215610     ,                      currentScore  14733         totalPenalties                                id  23         name  Arizona Area51         timeStarted  20130605 215610     ,                      currentScore  234672         totalPenalties                                id  24         name  North Dakota         timeStarted  20130606 172130     ,                      currentScore  12313         totalPenalties                                id  25         name  Union Pacific         timeStarted  20130605 195610     ,                      currentScore  21         totalPenalties                                id  26         name  Thinkpad China         timeStarted  20130605 172130     ,                      currentScore  34562         totalPenalties                                id  27         name  Onemore Name         timeStarted  20130605 195610     ,                      currentScore  3732623         totalPenalties                                id  28         name  Chuck Norris         timeStarted  20130605 172130       codepre  pp  pPlease, dont mind the names.p
Negative 387 pI have a script that handles threads.p  pIs it wrong if I dont wait for my threads to end with a hrefhttpdocs.python.org2.6librarythreading.htmlthreading.Thread.join relnofollowcodethreading.thread.joincodea Whyp
Negative 387 pI have a project in which I use ScrollSpy and I have a section with tabbed content. The problem is that the script from this tabbed content blocks ScrollSpy showing the correct active item in the nav bar. This tabbed content is in the 3rd section of the page, all goes well until I select 4th menu item and from there on all goes wrong. I think that ScrollSpy is looking for the hidden tabs and somehow counts them too. Is there a way of forcing ScrollSpy to skip searching in one particular section and just move on Or do you have any other idea on this Heres the link to the problematic page a hrefhttpoz.zz.muHongKongExpats relnofollowhttpoz.zz.muHongKongExpatsa maybe it will help you.p  pPS. The menu works correctly, it scrolls to the correct section, it only show the wrong menu item as active.p  pPPS. ScrollSpy its showing as active the last menu item because I have to have body height 100, but Ive managed to hide that with a last hidden menu item.p
Negative 387 pIm used a hrefhttpblogs.msdn.combandrewwarchive20071209buildinganexcelxllinccwithvs2008.aspx relnofollowthisa example for build XLL for Excel using C.  Im created own function which take 2 double args and return stringp  precode declspecdllexport LPXLOPER12 WINAPI PTstate double P, double T         static XLOPER12 xResult        xResult.xltype  xltypeStr          debugPrintfP  dn, P        debugPrintfT  dn, T       CalculateP, T       xResult.val.str  L013Calculated       returnLPXLOPER12 ampxResult  codepre  pFunction definitionp  precode               LPTstate,                  Function nameordinal               LUBB,                     Func signature type U  XLOPER12, BB  P and T double               LPTstate,                  Func name in Func wizard               LP, T,              Arg name in Func wizard               L1,                       Function type               LSimpleXll2007,            Category in Func wizard               L,                        Shortcut commands only               L,                        Help topic               L,   Func help in Func wizard               L,           Arg help in Func wizard               L            Arg help in Func wizard               , codepre  pIf P  100,345 T  200,567 Im getting P  2061584302 and T  584115552 in output  Ive used debugPrintf function. When function args is long  p  precodedeclspecdllexport LPXLOPER12 WINAPI PTstate long P, long T codepre  pand function signature UJJ I try P  100,345 T  200,567 Im getting P100 and T  201.p  pSo, which right function signature I must usep
Negative 387 pI have the following codep  precodeuse ProcDaemon  ProcDaemonInit my continue  1 SIGTERM  sub  continue  0   while continue       DO THINGS  codepre  pI noticed that this script is using 7 CPU.  I believe it is because of the infinite loop.  I believe there is a way to make infinite loops not use much CPU this is how event loops works.  How would I make this not use a lot of CPU I suppose I could sleep, but im wondering if there is a better way.p  pThe things that I do are very simple in nature.  Check if timers are expired or flags are set.  If they are, take an action.p
Negative 387 pI am sure this question was asked so many times before, just need some clarification, i have bunch of reports made using older version of the emiReport 2.xem and  emJasperReports 3.1.0em, when I tried to recompile using the latest version of both emiReportem and emJRem report, i keep getting error. p  precodeErrorexportingprint...Couldnotloadthefollowingfont  pdfFontNameHeiseiKakuGoW5  pdfEncodingUniJISUCS2H  isPdfEmbeddedtrue codepre  pMany of the older reports uses these fonts  HeiseiKakuGoW5, HeiseiMinW3p  pI am pretty confused regarding this. Basically these reports are created 4 years back by my japanese coworker and I havent touched reports for over 3 years now. Now i am running blind. p  pThe same report I am trying to run..p  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltjasperReport xmlnshttpjasperreports.sourceforge.netjasperreports xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocationhttpjasperreports.sourceforge.netjasperreports httpjasperreports.sourceforge.netxsdjasperreport.xsd namereport1ss languagegroovy pageWidth595 pageHeight842 columnWidth555 leftMargin20 rightMargin20 topMargin20 bottomMargin20 uuid206064b58017408d8a01fd738237b865gt     ltbackgroundgt         ltband splitTypeStretchgt     ltbackgroundgt     lttitlegt         ltband height79 splitTypeStretchgt             lttextFieldgt                 ltreportElement uuida17f1430f4154eba9769b02ca05731a8 x156 y17 width112 height62gt                 lttextElementgt                     ltfont fontNameMS Mincho pdfFontNameHeiseiMinW3 pdfEncodingUniJISUCS2H isPdfEmbeddedtruegt                 lttextElementgt                 lttextFieldExpressiongtlt[CDATA[]]gtlttextFieldExpressiongt             lttextFieldgt         ltbandgt     lttitlegt     ltpageHeadergt         ltband height35 splitTypeStretchgt     ltpageHeadergt     ltcolumnHeadergt         ltband height61 splitTypeStretchgt     ltcolumnHeadergt     ltdetailgt         ltband height125 splitTypeStretchgt     ltdetailgt     ltcolumnFootergt         ltband height45 splitTypeStretchgt     ltcolumnFootergt     ltpageFootergt         ltband height54 splitTypeStretchgt     ltpageFootergt     ltsummarygt         ltband height42 splitTypeStretchgt     ltsummarygt ltjasperReportgt codepre  pI get the following error p  precodeExporting PDF using iText to file... CUsersprabhuDesktopmodrecipttest1report1ss.pdf Errorexportingprint...Couldnotloadthefollowingfont  pdfFontNameHeiseiKakuGoW5  pdfEncodingUniJISUCS2H  isPdfEmbeddedtrue codepre  pI just want to know do I need to buy these fonts from some vendor to use via the font extension jars or I am doing something wrong. Last time when I used emiReportem I just had to set the pdffontname and pdfencoding and everything went fine, Sighs i am so so outdated... if someone can give me a quick pointer or hint it would be great help for me... p  pBTW I have also asked my company to try and find out where they can buy the fonts.p
Negative 387 pI have created a batch file to build apk file for a set of android projects A MainProject along with 3 library project created using eclipsep  pIt is properly compiled in eclipse, But it is not compiled properly through batch file bcos only first statement in batch file getting executed.p  pThe following is the code present in batch filep  pcodep  precodecd CMainFoldere set ANTHOMECapacheant1.9.1 set JAVAHOMEcProgra1Javajdk1.7.017 set PATHPATHANTHOMEbinJAVAHOMEbinCDocuments and SettingsUserDesktopadtbundlewindowsadtbundlewindowsx8620130522sdktools android update project p .Library1 subprojects target 1 cd CMainFoldereLibrary1  ant clean ant debug cd ..  android update project p .Library2 library ..Library1 subprojects target 1 cd CMainFoldereLibrary2 ant clean ant debug cd ..  android update project p .Library3 library ..Library2 subprojects target 1 cd CMainFoldereLibrary3 ant clean ant debug cd ..  android update project p .MainProject library ..Library3 subprojects target 1 cd CMainFoldereMainProject ant clean ant debug codepre  pcodep
Negative 387 pI need to connect to default maven repository through m2e plugin. I have modified the proxy settings in settings.xml and the network connections in                                 Preferences  Generalp  pHowever when I open eclipse, I getp  precodeunable to update index for central http repo1.maven.orgmaven2 codepre  perror and the artifacts are not downloaded. I doubt that there could be a problem with proxy settings. How will I be able to validate the same.p
Negative 387 pIm getting some issues with SignalR 1.1.2 trying to create a basic realtime chat setup and after spending about a week on it including trawling through the SignalR source Im sort of at the end of what I can try...p  pI have I think a rather complicated SignalR setup consisting ofp  ul liLoad balanced serversli liRedis message busli liTwo sites on each server ASP.NET Webforms VB.NET desktop site and MVC3 C mobile siteli ul  pEach of the sites includes the hub of itself and the other site, so each page can send messages to each site.p  pLooking into the Chrome inspector in this example on the mobile site, the hubs are both loaded, the negotiate step for mobile is successful but the connect attempt fails after 3 seconds with the errorp  pstrongEventSources response has a MIME type texthtml that is not texteventstream. Aborting the connection.strongp  pwhich is of course our custom 500 error page after Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb has thrownp  pstrongThe connection id is in the incorrect format.strongp  pOnce this happens, most of the time this will then get into some sort of weird loop where it will continue to throw hundreds of these errors and send off lots of pings followed by a longPolling connectp  pThe solution works perfectly well in my development environment single IIS instance but moving to the load balanced test environment is where I see the errors.p  pI dont know if theres anything else I can add that may help but Im happy to add it. p  phr  Ive added the following to the web.config files on both sitesp  precodeltvalidation validateIntegratedModeConfigurationfalsegt ltmodules runAllManagedModulesForAllRequeststruegt codepre  pandp  precodeltadd nameAccessControlAllowOrigin valuegtltaddgt ltadd nameAccessControlAllowHeaders valueContentType gt codepre  pThe global.asax files havep  precodeprotected void ApplicationStart      AreaRegistration.RegisterAllAreas      RegisterGlobalFiltersGlobalFilters.Filters     RegisterRoutesRouteTable.Routes      RedisScaleoutConfiguration redisConfig  new RedisScaleoutConfiguration[redisIP], [port], String.Empty, Name     redisConfig.Database  9     GlobalHost.DependencyResolver.UseRedisredisConfig   public static void RegisterRoutesRouteCollection routes      routes.IgnoreRouteresource.axdpathInfo     HubConfiguration hubConfig  new HubConfiguration     hubConfig.EnableCrossDomain  true     hubConfig.EnableDetailedErrors  true     RouteTable.Routes.MapHubshubConfig      ltsnipgt  codepre  pThe JS code I have is along the lines ofp  precode    function setUpSignalR          Set up the connections         webConnection  .hubConnectionpageInfo.webUrl         mobConnection  .hubConnectionpageInfo.mobUrl          Get the hubs for web and mobile         webHub  webConnection.createHubProxies.messagingHub         mobHub  mobConnection.createHubProxies.messagingHub          Hook up the call back functions         ltsnipgt          Now, start it up         mobConnection.logging  true         mobConnection.start.donefunction              mobHub.server.joinConversationpageInfo.conversationGuid, mobile.failfunction error  console.logJoinConversation for mobile connection failed. Error   error              webConnection.start.donefunction                  webHub.server.joinConversationpageInfo.conversationGuid, mobile.failfunction error  console.logJoinConversation for web connection failed. Error   error                             codepre
Negative 387 pI am experimenting with C11 features using the GCC compiler. I have discovered that the following code does not compile and Im not sure why. I was expecting that the type of codenamecode would be automatically deduced from the initialisation value.p  precodeint main      auto name       cin gtgt name  compile error occurs here     cout ltlt Hello  ltlt name ltlt endl     return 0  codepre  pThe error produced isp  blockquote   pcannot bind stdistream aka stdbasicistream lvalue to stdbasicistreamampamp   cprogram filescodeblocksmingwbin..libgccmingw324.7.1includecistream866error   initializing argument 1 of stdbasicistreamltCharT, Traitsamp stdoperatorstdbasicistreamltCharT, Traitsampamp, Tpamp [with CharT  char Traits  stdchartraits Tp  const char]p blockquote  pWhat exactly does this meanp  pNote, if you explicitly specify codenamecode as a codestringcode there is no problem.p
Negative 387 pI wrote several JUnit test classes, in a maven project that uses JDBC to connect to a h2 database. I have 8 test classes.p  ul liWhen I run codeAll testscode with IntelliJ, I have a JDBC error on the last test class  strongWorkspaceTest.javastrongli ul  pcodeorg.h2.jdbc.JdbcSQLException Table WORKSPACE not found SQL statementcodep  pif you want the full trace, Ill put it, but its kinda long.p  pstrongnotestrong  All the 7 other test classes are passed.p  ul lipWhen I run each test separately with IntelliJ, they all pass, 1 by 1.pli lipWhen I run the tests with codemvn clean installcode, i get a build failure, with the error on the last test class  strongOWSContextTest.javastrongpli ul  pcodeupdateorg.orbisgis.server.mapcatalog.OWSContextTest Table FOLDER not found SQL statementcodep  pstrongnotestrong  All the 7 other test classes are passed.p  ul liWhen I run this test alone with mvn codemvn DtestOWSContextTest testcode, the test passes.li ul  pThe tests classes are supposed to be independent, as in each of them I have a codeBeforeClasscode which drops the database, then creates it, and finally populates it, AND a codeAfterClasscode which drops the database.p  pIf you need anything else, Ill edit for it. I really have no clue whatsoever about the reason to this behavior.p  pThanks for your help.p  pEDIT  I just ran codeAll testscode about 10 times on IntelliJ, and it worked about 6 times, and failed with the same error 4 times. Dont know if I can really trust intelliJ test mechanism tho.p  pEDIT2  If it can help, I tried more things   I ran 7 out of my 8 tests classes, for all 8 ones I ran 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 together, then 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 together, then ... And they all passed all combination of 7 out of 8p
Negative 387 pWhen the codecheckServerTrustedcode method of classes implementing codeX509TrustManagercode is invoked, I need to get ALL validation errors that are associated with a certificate chain including p  ol liCertificate path validation problems. e.g CA not trustedli liCertificate fields validation problems. e.g Expired certificate, Invalid extended key usageli ol  pThe motivation behind this is so that I can present the user with the certificate validation issues before he adds it as an exception as Firefox does now. However, right now, as soon as a path validation issue is found, a codeCertPathValidatorExceptioncode is thrown, but it gives me no information about the validity of the fields in the certificate. How can I implement thisp  pAfter some reading, I found the codeCertPathcode API provides such features, and found that the PKIX implementation is a wrapper around this, but just does not return the codeCertPathValidatorResultcode. I would like to make maximum use of existing JAVA functionalitywithout writing my own custom wrapper to the API while returning all validation issues. p
Negative 387 pIn C one can declare a char array, create a pointer to a specific location in the array, and dereference it to get a suffix in the specified positionp  precodechar str[6]  SLEEP char pointer  ampstr[1] printfsn, pointer codepre  pThe above code will printp  precodeLEEP codepre  pwhich is the suffix of SLEEP in position 1. Now is there a way to do something similar in C without using the substr method as it produces a completely new string and Im trying to avoid that.p
Negative 387 pAre codeltspangtcode elements with codeposition absolutecode able to have a height, width, padding, etc. without changing it to codedisplay blockcode or codeinlineblockcode p  pIt seems to work, but is it ok with all browsers to omit codedisplay blockinlineblockcode for a codeltspangtcode element with codeposition absolutecodep
Negative 387 pIm trying to write some coded ui tests for a WPF application and have gotten to part of the application that contains a datagrid with collapsing and expanding rows. p  pI am able to find and interact with controls on the collapsed rows fine using handcoded tests but havent had any luck finding any of the controls in the expanded part of the row. Using the crosshairs on such a control shows the item to be under UIItemRow, UIItemCustom class name Uia.DataGridDetailsPresenter, and then the target control. Im not sure on how to tell the tests to search to find these controls.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to get tinyMCE to change language into Hebrew and I cant quite get it.br Im loading the tinyMCE script directly from their site, and I have set a tinymcelang folders on my server for calling the language files. nothing works.p  pHeres my code, its pretty simple a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net6j34g relnofollowFiddleap  precodeltscriptgt tinymce.initselectortextarea, directionality  rtl, language  heIL, languageurl  languagesheIL.js ltscriptgt codepre  pThanks ahead.p
Negative 387 pThis works in IE but crashes with Chrome in the last linep  precodevar ie  window.ActiveXObject  true  false  var XmlDoc  ie  new ActiveXObjectMSXML2.DOMDocument  new window.XMLHttpRequest   XmlDoc.async  false XmlDoc.resolveExternals  false  XmlDoc.loadXMLXmlHttp.responseXML.text codepre  phow can this be solvedp
Negative 387 pIm trying to make a file downloader with a Tkinter GUI window, which will download a file using the following linep  precode urllib.urlretrieveurl  fileurl, filename  file, reporthook  progBar codepre  pProgbar is a progress bar on my Tkinter GUI window. When I run my code on Windows, the download works fine and runs normally, as does the progress bar. p  pHowever, when I run the same code on a Mac, the download and progress bar will only progress if there is activity in the Tkinter GUI window. For example, if the window is in the background, the download will pause until the window is clicked on. Even then, when the Tkinter GUI window is not in the background, the download will only progress if I am doing something like moving the mouse around the screen or repeatedly pressing buttons on the keyboard, otherwise the download pauses again. It seems like it is timing out for some reason, and Im not sure how to fix this or why it only happens on Mac and not windows.p  pIf I put a print statement in the progBar method, the download also slows down. p  pI have also tried removing the reporthook argument from the call to urllib.urlretrieve, when I do this the download progresses fine.p  pMy progBar method is as followsp  precodedef progBarblocks, blocksize, totalsize   global pb  bytesdownloaded  blocksizeblocks  mbdownloaded  bytesdownloaded10241024  mbsize  floatblocksizefloattotalsize  totalsize  totalsize10241024  percent  mbsize100  global v  va.set  strmbdownloaded  MB out of   strtotalsize  MB  pb.steppercent codepre  pI am using Python 2.7 if this helps.p  pstrongEditstrong for further information, the download call to urllib.urlretrieve is performed in a background thread, while the GUI window is meant to be the main thread. This may have something to do with the problem.p
Negative 387 pHow do I access a custom property from another Unity componentp  pIn my Avatar component I have declared the variable like thisp  precodepublic var isInEndzone  boolean codepre  pCalling the property from another componentp  precodeactor variable is the GameObject that has the Avatar component. public var avatar  GameObject  ....  var avatarComponent  Avatar  avatar.GetComponentAvatar if avatarComponent.IsInEndzone do something...  codepre  pErrorp  precodeGetComponent requires that the requested component Avatar derives from MonoBehaviour or Component or is an interface. UnityEngine.GameObjectGetComponentType  BCE0019 IsInEndzone is not a member of UnityEngine.Avatar.  codepre
Negative 387 pI have the following block in a project I have been moved onto after a previous developer has leftp  precodeNSObject object  NSObject string if[object isEqual[NSNull null]]     return none codepre  pWhere codestringcode is an codeNSString code returned from a dictionary.p  pWhile I undertand that NSNull needs to be checked for, can someone tell me why cast to NSObject firstp
Negative 387 pI am trying to create my own ejabberd server that will be used as part of a messaging appp  pI am having some trouble understanding how the configuration works. p  pLet me explain where I amp  pI started by buying a domain from Godaddy  lets calls it chat.comp  pI developed a website to explain the app etc and hosted it using Hostgator  they provided me with a shared IP address and name servers which I have assigned to my domain. p  pSo the website works. p  pTo create an xmpp sever, I have purchased a cloud sever with Rackspace and I am using an Ubuntu instance. Rackspace have provided me with an public IP and I can connect to the server remotely via SSH. p  pMy next task is to install and configure an ejabberd server. Within the configuration of ejabberd we are asked to define a host namep  precodehosts, [localhost]. codepre  pFrom what I have read you can change this to your domain. So I want users to have accounts in the format of userchat.com and to be able to use this to log through my client via the web.p  pI do not think replacing local host with chat.com will work and I am failing to figure out how it authenticates that I have permission to use this domain. p  pAnother point I would like to add is that this will be a closed network where users can only add and talk to other users with a chat.com domain. p  pCan anyone please provide some clarity. I apologies if the answer is stupidly obvious. p  pThanks,  Saj p
Negative 387 pIm trying to reproduce the example for codetex2docxcode function in codereportscode  codeRcode package and getting the following error.p  precodeDOC lt system.fileextdatadoclibraryapa6.qualtexdoc.tex,    package  reports BIB lt system.fileextdatadocsexample.bib, package  reports tex2docxDOC, file.pathgetwd, test.docx, path  NULL, bib.loc  BIB codepre  pstrongError Messagestrongp  precodepandoc.exe Error reading bibliography CUsersMuhammad citeproc the format of the bibliographic database could not be recognized using the file extension. docx file generated Warning message running command CUsersMUHAMM1AppDataLocalPandocpandoc.exe s CUsersMuhammad YaseenRwinlibrary3.0reportsextdatadoclibraryapa6.qualtexdoc.tex o CUsersMuhammad YaseenDocumentstest.docx bibliographyCUsersMuhammad YaseenRwinlibrary3.0reportsextdatadocsexample.bib had status 23 codepre  pI wonder how to get  codetex2docxcode function in codereportscode  codeRcode package working properly. Any help will be highly appreciated. Thanksp
Negative 387 pI want to display image from my local location in computer,I am use this code for that it works fine for me,p  precodelt page importjava.io. gt ltpage contentTypeimagegif gt lt     OutputStream o  response.getOutputStream     InputStream is  new FileInputStreamnew FileDFTPECGecg.jpg     byte[] buf  new byte[32  1024]      int nRead  0     while nReadis.readbuf  1             o.writebuf, 0, nRead           o.flush     o.close  gt codepre  pMy question is that i want to display content with it, and also other thing with it like input box and labels also.p
Negative 387 pI have two schemas that look like this p  precodevar ToolBoxSchema  new Schema    description String,    tools [type ObjectId, ref Tool]   var Tool  new Schema    name String,    model String,  codepre  pLets say I have a new codeToolBoxcode that has a set of codeToolscode. I have an array of codeToolscode and would like to use the create method from mongoose to save these tools and then add a reference to the ToolBox.tools array for each tool. p  precodevar toolBoxModel  mongoose.modelToolBox, ToolBoxSchema var toolModel  mongoose.modelTool, ToolSchema  var toolbox  new toolBoxModel var tool  new toolModel var toolsArray  getTools  codepre  pAssume getTools returns an array of tools with X number of elements.  Ex [name screwdriver, model craftman 3000, name drill, model black and decker]p  pWhen I call the models create method, how can I get a list of all of the documents that were savedp  pThe example in the mongoose api docs shows each saved document being passed in as a parameter to the callback function, but if the number of elements in the array is different every time then I dont know how to get the ids of all the saved elements in the array. p  precodevar array  [ type jelly bean ,  type snickers ] Candy.createarray, function err, jellybean, snickers    if err  ...  codepre  pIs there a way to get back an array of all the saved documents ...maybe something like thisp  precodevar toolsArray  [name screwdriver, model craftman 3000, name drill, model black and decker] tool.createtoolsArray, function err, arrayOfToolDocs      if err          throw err          for var i  0 i lt arrayOfToolDocs.length i          toolbox.tools.pusharrayOfToolDocs[i].id          toolbox.save  codepre
Negative 387 pI would appreciate your help with understanding what exactly occur in the next code writing a instead of a and  etc.... I mean what will be stored in the memory and why isnt the program crashes. p  precodechar str[10]   str[0]  a str[1]  b str[2]  0 codepre  pThanks. p
Negative 387 pI tried to call R by Rserve using Java code. I wanted to use REXPGenericVector to store and pass an array to Rp  precodeRList r  new RList r.addnew Double1.0 REXPGenericVector v  new REXPGenericVectorr   make a new local connection on default port 6311 RConnection c  new RConnection  assign data to variable x c.assignx,v  System.out.printlnPrinting out vv codepre  pHowever, an error message shows up at codec.assignx,vcodep  precodejava.lang.ClassCastException java.lang.Double cannot be cast to org.rosuda.REngine.REXP at org.rosuda.REngine.RList.atRList.java103 at org.rosuda.REngine.Rserve.protocol.REXPFactory.getBinaryLengthREXPFactory.java489 at org.rosuda.REngine.Rserve.RConnection.assignRConnection.java272 at com.xypress.Test.mainTest.java29 codepre  pHow can I add double or string or other type of data to RListp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pI have a page that shows two drop downs, one for subject, and other for courses as like thisp  precode    ltfieldsetgt         ltlegendgtSubjectltlegendgt         ltselect idsubjectList onchangeSetCoursesgt              ltoption valuegtselect subjectltoptiongt              ltoption value1gtHtmlltoptiongt              ltoption value2gtCssltoptiongt              ltoption value3gtJavascriptltoptiongt              ltoption value4gtJqueryltoptiongt              ltoption value5gtPhpltoptiongt         ltselectgt     ltfieldsetgt      ltfieldsetgt         ltlegendgtCoursesltlegendgt         ltselect idcourseListgt              ltoption valuegtselect courseltoptiongt         ltselectgt     ltfieldsetgt codepre  pSo with change of subject, the course drop down refresh with a huge list of courses around 9000  10000 records as like thisp  precode    function SetCourses          var subject  subjectList.val         var courseList  courseList         var courseString  ltoption valuegtselect courseltoptiongt         if subject              courseList.htmlcourseString                  else              .ajax                url test.html,                context document.body             .donefunctiondata                 ifdata                    .eachdata, functionindex, value                       courseString  ltoption valuevalue.idgtvalue.textltoptiongt                                       courseList.htmlcourseString    this takes times                                             codepre  pProblem is that when the records are written to the course drop down, it takes nearly 1012 sec and for that time page gets hang, and if in between that time you just get to click somewhere, then browser gets unresponsive for a longer period of time.p  pI have gone through debugging and found that till the success of ajax call the page is perfect and when it reaches the line to write the data, from that time its freeze the UI.p  pSo whats the proper way to write such a huge data to DOM without freezing the UIp
Negative 387 pLets say I have a class with a really large object, which lets say is a list of objects and loads of data into memory by fetching from the DB. This is for a WPF application.p  precodepublic class MyClass           public ReallyLargeObject largeObject          Other properties.      codepre  pI have a view modelVM1 object which has a reference to bind this class to the XAML.p  pI need another view model VM2 with only a certain properties of MyClass and not the largeObject.p  pTwo scenariosp  ol lipI can assign VM2.myClass  VM1.myClassp  blockquote precodevar viewModel1  new VM1       myClass  new MyClass          largeObject  new ReallyLargeObject         initialize other properties         var viewModel2  new VM2       myClass  viewModel1.myClass  codepre blockquoteli lipI can create a new object of type MyClass from VM1.myClass but this time setting largeObject  nullp  precodevar viewModel1  new VM1      myClass  new MyClass          largeObject  new ReallyLargeObject         initialize other properties        var viewModel2  new VM2     myClass  new MyClass        initialize other properties       codepreli ol  pBoth the viewmodels will be in memory during runtime fairly for a significant amount of time.p  pIm facing an issue with the first approach taking a lot of memory and the screen being rather slow.p  pWould creating a slimmer object from the original object reduce the memory usedp  pIm confused cause the view model 2 technically has only the reference to the object in view model 1.p  pHow does .NET behave when storing references to same object in two wrapping objectsp  pIs it like other languages where the reference alone would be stored and the memory allocated on the heap to the object is the samep
Negative 387 pHello guys I have a little question about programming an online game I was wondering if a static field is only shared by the local instances of a class or if it is shared by all the clients connected to the game server.p  pthank youp
Negative 387 p[I know this has been done to death, and Id ask follow up questions on an existing question were it not for not having enough stackoverflow points to make one]p  pIm after an App Store valid way of forcing an existing UI to reorientate without having to destroy the main codeViewControllercode or codeViewcode. We work in fullscreen mode, so Im assuming I cant use any of the toolbar approaches normally quoted. Finally Im only interested in iOS5.p  pFor iOS6 I have a solution based on the answers in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12650137howtochangethedeviceorientationprogrammaticallyinios6How to change the device orientation programmatically in iOS 6a. I used the solution which includes codeForcePortraitcode, with the variation that I changed it so I can supply the required orientation as a parameter.p  pFor iOS5 I have experimented with the suggestion ofp  precode[UIDevice currentDevice] performSelectorNSSelectorFromStringsetOrientation withObjectidUIInterfaceOrientationPortrait] codepre  pfrom a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4330979howtosetdeviceuiorientationprogrammaticallyHow to set device UI orientation programmaticallya. This works well but Im worried that it would be rejected by App Store complete no no for us.p  pHas anyone used this on something that has App Store approval andor got a better suggestionp
Negative 387 pIm invoke COM servers method and randomly get access violation error in the comutilConvertStringToBSTRp  precodegquotegtRegisterQuotebstrtpszTicker, bstrtT codepre  pRegisterQuote signaturep  precodeHRESULT stdcall RegisterQuoteBSTR bstrSymbol, BSTR bstrExch codepre  pMore informationp  precodeint GetQuotesExLPCTSTR pszTicker, int nPeriodicity, int nLastValid, int nSize, struct Quotation pQuotes, GQEContext pContext      const RecentInfoMapconstiterator it  gmapRecentInfo.findpszTicker     if it  gmapRecentInfo.end          gquotegtRegisterQuotebstrtpszTicker, bstrt         return nLastValid  1       codepre  pI dont know why this bug happens. I can provide additional info if needed.p  pUPDATEp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.compRMp7.png altenter image description herep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com8K4VO.png altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pWith the following code, p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  int mainvoid   float x   xfloat3.33.3   printff,x   return 0  codepre  pthe output is 0.00000p  pbut when the number 3.3 is replaced with 3.5, p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  int mainvoid   float x   xfloat3.53.5   printff,x   return 0  codepre  pthe output is 1.0000p  pWhy is there a difference in outputp
Negative 387 pi am trying to call a function on two buttonsp  precodenav1or2.navi1.navBtn1.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, goSmall nav4.navi4.navBtn4.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, goSmall function goSmalleventMouseEventvoid    gotoAndPlay41  codepre  pthe second button codenav4.navi4.navBtn4.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, goSmallcode is not working and i m getting this error  TypeError Error 1009 Cannot access a property or method of a null object reference.p  pplease help  p
Negative 387 pLocally, I am not having any issue  but on a client machine these warnings are appearing. In light of this, I placed my session start right at the beginning of my files  it appears like this p  precodeltltphp sessionstart ifissetSESSION[loggedin]  codepre  pNotice the codeltcode this is used as a flag for DW that the template begins so I must have this right before the session start.p  pTherefore, is there any way to resolve this issue and stop these warnings. Or is it something deeper, like the way Im handling the cookiessession. I put the above code at the start of each page that is protected. However, once the user logs in I set SESSION as follows.p  precode   sessionstart     SESSION[user]  user     SESSION[password]  password     SESSION[loggedin]  true     headerlocationindex.php redirect to main page codepre  pPlease advise.p
Negative 387 pI have a series of functions that execute normally when a file is opened or when a particular mode is activated.  The codefindfilehookcode doesnt get triggered if the file is already open  so when I try to open a file that is already open e.g., in another frame, Emacs correctly switches to that buffer.  However, under that scenario my custom functions do not activate because there is no trigger.  I dont think the standard hooks cover a situation like this one.p  pWhat is the alternative, please, to codefindfilehookcode when a buffer file already existsp
Negative 387 precodeItems  from myRow in table.AsEnumerable          where myRow.FieldltstringgtRelatedContactName  groupName          select myRow codepre  pItems the property of an object.p  precodepublic class Item       public ListltItemgt Items                get          set        codepre
Negative 387 pIm using the builtin authorization and registration features in ServiceStack a la Razor Rockstars, and its really great But, Im having a strange issue. Whenever I register a new user, the first row of my UserAuth table Im using SqlServer gets OVERWRITTEN instead of adding a new row. The strange part is that my coworker was able to successfully register and add a new row to the table from his machine, but ever since then, every new registration overwrites the first row of the table resulting in a lot of frustration.p  pI have not customized the registration service  I havent figured out how, yet at all. In AppHost.csp  precode    container.RegisterltIDbConnectionFactorygt             new OrmLiteConnectionFactoryConfigUtils.GetConnectionStringMyDatabase,                 SqlServerDialect.Provider      ...      Plugins.Addnew AuthFeature gt new AuthUserSession,             new IAuthProvider[]                  new CustomCredentialsAuthProvider                            Plugins.Addnew RegistrationFeature      container.RegisterltIUserAuthRepositorygtc gt             new OrmLiteAuthRepositoryc.ResolveltIDbConnectionFactorygt      var authRepo  OrmLiteAuthRepositorycontainer.ResolveltIUserAuthRepositorygt     authRepo.CreateMissingTables codepre  pWhat I have done in my CustomCredentialsAuthProvider is very basicp  precode    public override bool TryAuthenticateServiceStack.ServiceInterface.IServiceBase authService, string userName, string password              Add here your custom auth logic database calls etc         Return true if credentials are valid, otherwise false          Call the base class if needed         return base.TryAuthenticateauthService, userName, password           public override void OnAuthenticatedIServiceBase authService, IAuthSession session, IOAuthTokens tokens, Dictionaryltstring, stringgt authInfo                 Fill the IAuthSession with data which you want to retrieve in the app eg         session.FirstName  somefirstnamefromdb           base.OnAuthenticatedauthService, session, tokens, authInfo          Important You need to save the session         authService.SaveSessionsession, SessionExpiry       codepre  pThe form code Im using was working fine for the first and second registrations. But, every registration after that overwrites the first row in the tablep  precode    ltform actionUrl.Contentregister methodPOSTgt         ltfieldsetgt             ltlegendgtCreate New Accountltlegendgt           ltinput typehidden nameContinue valueUrl.Contentadminusers gt             ltdlgt                 ltdtgtUser Nameltdtgt                 ltddgtltinput typetext nameUserName gtltddgt                 ltdtgtEmailltdtgt                 ltddgtltinput typetext nameEmail gtltddgt                 ltdtgtPasswordltdtgt                 ltddgtltinput typepassword namePassword gtltddgt             ltdlgt                          ltinput typesubmit valueCreate gt         ltfieldsetgt     ltformgt codepre
Negative 387 pI am doing some work for someone that insists on using MS Access. I dont usually use it so I am a bit new to the whole control structure and best practices. What I am trying to achieve is to have a filter textbox on a form which, when a value is entered, it will filter the rows in the detail section. That seems like a straightforward use case. I initially tried the following behaviour as the event handler for the On Change eventp  precodePrivate Sub FilterGrid     Me.Text32.SetFocus      If Not IsNullMe.Text32.Text And Me.Text32.Text ltgt  Then         Me.Filter  JobNumber LIKE  amp Me.Text32.Text amp          Me.FilterOn  True     End     Else         Me.FilterOn  False     End If End Sub codepre  pThis worked perfectly until I typed something that didnt have any rows matching and the whole thing exploded with this error and was unrecoverable without closing the form Runtime error 2185 You cant reference a property or method for a control unless the control has the focus.p  pI did some reading around and the general opinion was that .Text should not be used and .Value or simply the Text32 without a property should be used. That produced some very strange behaviour. The codeText32.Valuecode is ALWAYS null. I have a watch window and I can see that for the normal behaviour, codeText32.Textcode has an actual value, but codeText32.Valuecode is NULL. p  pObviously I am doing something wrong, but I dont have enough experience with Access to know what it is.p  pJust as an aside, another suggestion was to do  codeText32.SetFocuscode right before accessing the Text property. This doesnt resolve the error I mentioned. It still throws the exact same error.p  pIs anyone able to point me in the right direction herep
Negative 387 pHow may I use ServiceStack.Razor in an F project p  pI have added a reference to the ServiceStack.Razor which seems to pose no issue on Windows but raise an exception on Mono on Mac for some reason.p  pRegardless, once this is added, and after registering the plugin, I have tried adding the cshtml files to he project. However this fails because the F compiler cannot compile them. I have also tried to not add them to the compilation, but it doesnt work either.p  pShould I add an app.config file or something p  pMany thanks p
Negative 387 pIm creating a bwplotlattice and I would like it not to display the outliers. Here is example codep  precodem lt mtcars  mgear lt factormgear mvs lt factormvs mam lt factormam  bwplotdrat  gear  am  vs,    data  m codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to use strongCSS 3strong to create breadcrumb that is in the shape of arrows.  This all works quite well but I need to try to add a gradient to the arrows.p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netpeteng7bhH92 relnofollowI have got this farap  pBut I am unable to make the tips have a gradient.p  pI have tried using the css from this answer a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12431596cssgradientfortriangleshapedarrowhereap  pbut this gives me this a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netpeteng7bhH93 relnofollowresult it doesnt seem to work for me and the tips just turn into boxesap  pDoes anyone have any idea how to achieve my desired resultp  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltnav idcheckoutnavgt     ltulgt         ltli classarrow highlightgtltspan classcellgtltspan classcurrentgt1ltspangt Deliveryltspangtltligt         ltli classarrowgtltspan classcellgtBillingltspangtltligt         ltli classarrowgtltspan classcellgtReviewltspangtltligt         ltli classarrowgtltspan classcellgtPaymentltspangtltligt         ltli classarrowgtltspan classcellgtConfirmationltspangtltligt     ltulgt ltnavgt codepre  pstrongCSSstrongp  precodecheckoutnav backgroundcolor424E5A width100 overflowauto checkoutnav gt ul liststylenone padding0 margin0  .cell displaytablecell height50px width130px textaligncenter verticalalignmiddle .current displayinlineblock borderradius50 backgroundcolorB75E00 width1.25em height1.25em  .arrowfirstchild marginleft0px .arrow      colorA5ACB4     float left     width 128px     height 50px     border 1px solid 435059     position relative     marginleft1px     backgroundcolor515E67backgroundimage lineargradientbottom, rgb146,149,154 10, rgb69,82,91 70     backgroundimage olineargradientbottom, rgb146,149,154 10, rgb69,82,91 70     backgroundimage mozlineargradientbottom, rgb146,149,154 10, rgb69,82,91 70     backgroundimage webkitlineargradientbottom, rgb146,149,154 10, rgb69,82,91 70     backgroundimage mslineargradientbottom, rgb146,149,154 10, rgb69,82,91 70     backgroundimage webkitgradient         linear,         left bottom,         left top,         colorstop0.10, rgb146,149,154,         colorstop0.7, rgb69,82,91        .arrowafter      content      position absolute     top 0px     left 128px     width 0     height 0     border 25px solid transparent     borderleft 12px solid 515E67     zindex2     .arrowbefore      content      position absolute     top 0px     left 129px     width 0     height 0     border 25px solid transparent     borderleft 12px solid 435059     zindex1      .highlight      colorffffff     backgroundcolor 515E67     backgroundimage lineargradientbottom, rgb232,140,1 10, rgb183,95,0 70     backgroundimage olineargradientbottom, rgb232,140,1 10, rgb183,95,0 70     backgroundimage mozlineargradientbottom, rgb232,140,1 10, rgb183,95,0 70     backgroundimage webkitlineargradientbottom, rgb232,140,1 10, rgb183,95,0 70     backgroundimage mslineargradientbottom, rgb232,140,1 10, rgb183,95,0 70     backgroundimage webkitgradient         linear,         left bottom,         left top,         colorstop0.10, rgb232,140,1,         colorstop0.7, rgb183,95,0       codepre
Negative 387 pI want to insert certain columns in an excel spreadsheet into sql based on the value in one of the columns, i have written the sql code but when i loop through the code it keeps adding a new querytbale. is there a way to insert the value into sql refresh the querytable with the new value and insert that into the same sql tablep  precodesqlString  Insert into tablefields select  amp ws1.Cellsrow, col amp , amp ws1.Cellsrow, co2 amp , amp ws1.Cellsrow, col3 amp , amp ws1.Cellsrow, col4 amp , amp ws1.Cellsrow, col5 amp , amp ws1.Cellsrow, col6 amp    Set destination  ws2.RangeA1 Set pleasework  ws2.QueryTables.AddconString, destination, sqlString  sqlString  Insert into tablefields select  amp ws1.Cellsrow, col amp , amp ws1.Cellsrow, co2 amp , amp ws1.Cellsrow, col3 amp , amp ws1.Cellsrow, col4 amp , amp ws1.Cellsrow, col5 amp , amp ws1.Cellsrow, col6 amp   Do  With pleasework          row  row  1         .CommandText  sqlString         .Refresh         count  count  1  End With Loop While count lt 5 codepre
Negative 387 pI have a couple of interface elements stored in a database table which the user can filter by entering keywords stored in another tablep  pTable Buttonsp  precodeID   Name  1   Button1  2   Button2  3   Button3 codepre  pTable Keywordsp  precodeButtonID  Keyword         1  Garden        2  House        3  Garden        3  House codepre  pIf the user enters codeGardencode, the db returns codeButton1 and Button3code.p  pIf the user enters codeHousecode, the db returns codeButton2 and Button3code.p  pIf the user enters codeGarden AND Housecode, the db returns only codeButton3code.p  pThe last one is the problem, I managed to put together this queryp  precodeSELECT T.ID, T.Name            , T.Type            , T.Description            , T.Action            , T.Image  FROM Tiles T  JOIN Keywords K  ON T.IDK.TileID  WHERE K.Keyword IN House, Garden codepre  pUnfortunately, this query returns all three buttons with ANY of the provided keywords. But I want only the elements with all provided keywords which is codeButton3code. What should the query look like to achieve thatp  pThanks a lot p
Negative 387 pIm getting mad because of this. Im using Parse.com to handle my Backend and Ive to call a Cloud Code function giving this structurep  precode idShopasdf, idCostumerzxcv, selection [     idOfferproduct1, quantity3 ,      idOfferproduct2, quantity1   ]  codepre  pIt works fine if I use curl but, Ive no idea how to do it with Android. So, the idea is put an array into a JSON value.p  pIve tried to put all the info into a String and into a HashMap array and I got no result.p  pAny ideap  pThanks for helping p  hr  pAfter Sunil answerp  pThis is what Im doing and doesnt workp  precodeHashMapltString, String [] gt params  new HashMapltString, String []gt                 params.putidCostumer, new String[]costumerId                 params.putidShop, new String[]idShop                   OfferListItem item                 ArrayListltStringgt selectionList  new ArrayListltStringgt                  forint i0 iltofferList.sizei                                        item  offerList.geti                     if item.getClicksgt0                             selectionList.addidOfferitem.getId, quantityitem.getClicks                                                                              String [] selection  new String [selectionList.size]                 for int i0iltselection.lengthi                      selection[i]selectionList.geti                                   params.putselection, selection codepre
Negative 387 pI am looking for some free javascript framework to implement nice heatmap chart. It should look something like a hrefhttpbl.ocks.orgtjdecke5558084 relnofollowD3 Heatmapa. The problem is that it have to work in IE8 which do not support SVG. I googled for other libs, but found nothing suitable. The only thing which seems to work fine is a hrefhttpsgithub.comDLarsenjqueryhottie relnofollowjQuery Hottiea, but its feature set is not sufficient, I need something more mature and bigger. Currently I am thinking about making my own solution using VML or plain tables and css. p  pSo, is there any javascript libs for heatmaps which support Internet Explorer 8p
Negative 387 pI used searchView widget in android, eclipse Scala plugin, I want to update my List after pressing the search button, rightnow I have some error in my filter method implementationp  pwould you please give me some hints,p  pHere is the Filter Methodp  precode override def getFilter Filter     new Filter       protected override def publishResultsconstraint CharSequence, results  FilterResults        books  results.values.asInstanceOf[List[BookMetadata]]       ItemAdapter.this.notifyDataSetChanged           protected override def performFilteringconstraint CharSequence FilterResults         val filteredResults List[BookMetadata]      ListBufferbooks.asScala.toList.filterb.startsWithconstraint.toString        val results  new FilterResults       results.values  filteredResults       results          codepre  pI have an error here p  pbooks  results.values.asInstanceOf[List[BookMetadata]]p  precode error Multiple markers at this  line   reassignment to val   reassignment to val codepre  pone error for b.      val filteredResults List[BookMetadata] br       ListBufferbooks.asScala.toList.filterb.startsWithconstraint.toString p  precode  not found value    b codepre  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pIm researching RavenDb for my organization and one of the main research parameters is the spatial search. I tried to find if Raven enables Spatial search using SRID but couldnt find any info. Does it consider the datum of the stored geometriesp
Negative 387 pUsing the PAYPAL REST API, I was able to successfully 1 Vault a credit card and 2 Lookup the vaulted credit card information.p  pAfter you lookup the Vaulted Credit Card and receive Paypals response however, do you reuse that response data to create a transaction in the futurep  precodeHow to Look up the Vaulted Credit Card curl v [link removed]CARD8TT93830P06829326KIOO3XI H ContentTypeapplicationjson H AuthorizationBearer O912TKmsB8WRsgdNrNrJAmlCqF5kLdEl.re3z4Kmp8M  Paypals Response to the Lookup Request idCARD8TT93830P06829326KIOO3XI,validuntil20160826T000000Z,stateok,payeriduser12345,typevisa,numberxxxxxxxxxxxx0331,expiremonth11,expireyear2018,firstnameJoe,lastnameShopper,links[href[link removed]CARD8TT93830P06829326KIOO3XI,relself,methodGET,href[link removed]CARD8TT93830P06829326KIOO3XI,reldelete,methodDELETE] codepre  pI am looking for a curl command that would allow me to use the Vaulted Credit Card to bill monthly.  p
Negative 387 pI am doing one program with c and this program should be a lexical analyser to make a compiler. Thus I have made the header AnalisadorLexical.h where I defines all the functions and all the other things as pointers to files..., the AnalisadorLexical.cpp where I defines the logical of the functions and the main.cpp.p  pAt the main.cpp I ask to the user to enter the name of the file to analyse and the name of to write the result. This is done inside a loop while for that the user enter many files to analyse. When the user enter the name of font file and the name o the final file I use the function fopen twice to open the first file and to write on the second. After this I invoke the constructor to get the size of the first file to create a vector where I will store the tokens of the file. My problema is when I use the fseek to get the size of the file. The execution of the program failure and I dont know what to do.p  pFollows their code.p  pmain.cppp  pint main p  precodechar c1, c2  c1  new char[30]  c2  new char[30]   FILE f1  FILE f2   coutltltArquivo de entradaltltendl   whilecingtgtc1      cingtgtc2       f1  fopenc1, r      f2  fopenc2, w       AnalisadorLexico alf1, f2     al.analiseLexica      fclosef1      fclosef2    codepre  preturn 0  p  pAnalisadorLexico.cpp   the constructorp  p AnalisadorLexicoAnalisadorLexicoFILE f1, FILE f2p  precodeAloca os arquivos  fp  f1arquivo sendo lido de entrada fs  f2arquivo de sada  tamanho do arquivo  fseekfp, 0L, SEEKEND  tkSize  ftellfp  vetor de tokens  tkvet  new token[tkSize]  inicializa com 0 tkcount  0  montatabelaPR montaSbvet codepre  p... p  pAnalisadorLexico.h  the definition of constructorp  p ...p  ppublicp  precodeConstrutor de classe   AnalisadorLexicoFILE f1, FILE f2 codepre  p... p  pThank for your help guys.p
Negative 387 pI have the following interfacesp  precodepublic interface IRequest    public interface IResponse    public interface IRequestHandlerltin TRequest, out TResponsegt     where TRequest  IRequest     where TResponse  IResponse              TResponse ExecuteTRequest request   public interface IRequestHandlerltin TRequestgt where TRequest  IRequest              void ExecuteTRequest request  codepre  pI then have concrete implementations of IRequest and IResponse that are both used in a concrete IRequestHandler or IRequestHandler Object.p  pA concrete example isp  precode public class GetEngineOptionsRequestHandler  IRequestHandlerltGetEngineOptionsRequest,GetEngineOptionsResultgt    codepre  pCurrently, I inject the concrete request and handler into whatever class needs it via constructor injectionp  precodeprivate readonly GetEngineOptionsRequest engineOptionsRequest private readonly GetEngineOptionsRequestHandler engineOptionsRequestHandler  public OptionsParserGetEngineOptionsRequest engineOptionsRequest, GetEngineOptionsRequestHandler engineOptionsRequestHandler                          engineOptionsRequest  engineOptionsRequest         engineOptionsRequestHandler  engineOptionsRequestHandler                 codepre  pBut I found I have places where I need to be able to generate RequestHandlers on the fly. My research points towards the correct way to do this to avoid the service locator antipattern is to use a IFactoryFactory to create these ServiceHandlers on the fly. I am just not sure how to do that using Ninject, particularly the Ninject.Extensions.Factory extension.p  pThe use cases show that for a simple factory which I have done, You can dop  precodepublic interface IFooFactory      Foo CreateFoo  codepre  pand then bind it in your boot strapper asp  precodekernel.BindltIFooFactorygt.ToFactory codepre  pand inject a IFooFactory into your constructor and use it create an instance of Foo.p  pIn my case, I need to be able to create a factory capable of generating concrete objects from p  precodeIServiceRequestltIRequestgt and IServiceRequestltIRequest,IResponsegt. codepre  pI am not sure how to do this, and how to bind it after the fact.p
Negative 387 pI have just started using web.config transformation and I am able to apply successfully replace transformation. however I am struggling with little more complex transformation such as p  precodeltdownloadHandlersgt   ltadd nameFileDownload pathDownload.ashxgt     lttcpDownloadEndpoint endpointIPAddress127.0.0.1 endpointPort8100 gt   ltaddgt ltdownloadHandlersgt codepre  pI have the following line in the transformation file to replace the local IP with UAT IP  for UAT env.p  precodelttcpDownloadEndpoint  endpointIPAddress127.127.0.1 xdtTransformSetAttributesendpointIPAddressgt lttcpDownloadEndpoint gt codepre  pBut the above code has no effect and the IP in the web.config still contains the local IP after transformation.p  pI am using Visual Studio 2010 with web.config transformation plugin written by Syed Hashmi MS.p  pCan any one please tell me what I am doing wrong.p  pthanksp
Negative 387 pI am trying to learn about classes, can someone explain to me why this code is not working. I thought when calling a function from a class, self is automatically ommitted, but the interpreter tells me that argument a is missing he thinks self  10.p  precode codingutf8 class test     def initself         do something here     def doself,a         return a2  d  test.do printd10 codepre
Negative 387 pI am writing a test about Range object. My code is similar to the following.p  precodeTest  function    Test.prototype.test  function     if window.getSelection      var sel  window.getSelection     var range  sel.getRangeAt0      then some code    else if document.selection      range  document.selection.createRange     then some code   return haha   itshould create range object, function     var myTest, result   myTest  new Test   spyOnmyTest, test.andReturnhaha   result  myTest.test   expectresult.toEqualhaha        codepre  pWhen I run the test, it throw an error codeINDEXSIZEERR INDEXSIZEERR DOM Exception 1codep  pBut my code works well in the browser.p  pThen I found something about a hrefhttpsdeveloper.mozilla.orgenUSdocsWebAPISelectiongetRangeAt relnofollowgetRangeAta and a hrefhttpsdeveloper.mozilla.orgenUSdocsWebAPISelectionrangeCount relnofollowrangeCounta.p  blockquote   pBefore the user has clicked a freshly loaded page,  the rangeCount is 0.p blockquote  pThen I try to add the code like codedocument.clickcode, the rangeCount is still 0... p  pand it still throw codeINDEXSIZEERR INDEXSIZEERR DOM Exception 1code p  pSo, the question is  how can I normally test Range Object in jasminep
Negative 387 pi have server and clients running in the LAN,but my server dont accept more than one message from client app. in LAN, what code shall i put in while loop in order to accept as many messages as i send from client app  My server class isp  precode public class MainActivity extends Activity  private Boolean shouldRestartSocketListentrue TextView tv1 MulticastLock lock static String UDPBROADCAST  UDPBroadcast DatagramSocket socket Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState       super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain tv1TextViewfindViewByIdR.id.textView1    startListenForUDPBroadcast           lock.release     private void listenAndWaitAndThrowIntentInetAddress broadcastIP, Integer port throws Exception      byte[] recvBuf  new byte[15000]     if socket  null  socket.isClosed          socket  new DatagramSocketport, broadcastIP         socket.setBroadcasttrue          socket.setSoTimeout1000     DatagramPacket packet  new DatagramPacketrecvBuf, recvBuf.length     Log.eUDP, Waiting for UDP broadcast     socket.receivepacket      String senderIP  packet.getAddress.getHostAddress     String message  new Stringpacket.getData.trim    Log.eUDP, Got UDB broadcast from   senderIP  , message   message     tv1.setTextmessage        broadcastIntentsenderIP, message     socket.close   private void broadcastIntentString senderIP, String message      Intent intent  new IntentMainActivity.UDPBROADCAST     intent.putExtrasender, senderIP     intent.putExtramessage, message     sendBroadcastintent         Thread UDPBroadcastThread  void startListenForUDPBroadcast      UDPBroadcastThread  new Threadnew Runnable          public void run              try                  InetAddress broadcastIP  InetAddress.getByName192.168.1.255 172.16.238.42 192.168.1.255                 Integer port  11111                 while shouldRestartSocketListen                      listenAndWaitAndThrowIntentbroadcastIP, port                                  if shouldListenForUDPBroadcast throw new ThreadDeath              catch Exception e                  Log.iUDP, no longer listening for UDP broadcasts cause of error   e.getMessage                                UDPBroadcastThread.start     void stopListen      shouldRestartSocketListen  false     socket.close   public void onCreate     Override public void onDestroy      stopListen     public IBinder onBindIntent intent      return null         codepre
Negative 387 pHow I will Convert this into class which minimize all the childform When I try to transfer it into class I got error p  blockquote   pemThe type or namespace name MdiChildren could not be found are you missing a using directive or an assembly referenceemp blockquote  precodepublic void minimizeAll     foreach Form childForm in MdiChildren           childForm.WindowState  FormWindowState.Minimized      codepre
Negative 387 pI want to split a csv file according to the last field. For instance the csv file containsp  precodea,1 b,2 c,3 d,1 codepre  pThe numbers indicate categories.p  pThis file should be split into seperate files according to the numbers resp. categories so that there exist three files.p  pfirst filep  precodea,1 d,1 codepre  psecond filep  precodeb,2 codepre  pthird filep  precodec,3 codepre  pThe greedy method would be to read the csv per line, split the string at , and seperate the last element here the number. Afterwards I could check the number of the current line and put it into a FileWriter. But I do not know how many categories there will be as I want to keep the system extensible. Therefore the number of needed FileWriters is unknown.p  pAs an alternative I could read the complete csv file for each category. In the first iteration only lines of category 1 would be processed and written into 1.csv, in the second step only lines of category 2 go into 2.csv and so on. But This means the file has to be read as many times as categories exist which could be quite often.p  pDo you know whether there is an elegant solution for this purposep  pI also appreciate linuxbased solutions Maybe it is not necessary to create a Java program I guess that awk could be the tool of choicep  pThanks for your helpp
Negative 387 pI have an array of integers, which have to be converted into its inverses, so that, my program reads a series of integers from a user, fills an array with it, and then print its inverses in a writeline. I had an idea to put inversed integers into double array, but still I dont know how to inverse so that it looks like that  1N it. Finally, inversed integers should be printed in WriteLines.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to get a rtp connection between a microphone on a desktop pc and an android smartphone.p  pI grab the data using gstreamer. Because of other applications using this microphone at the same time in the same system, there is an tcpsink, in which the data is published.p  pthis is done with this callp  precodegstlaunch0.10 v alsasrc  audioxrawint, depth16, width16,                endianness1234, channels1, rate16000                 tcpserversink hostlocalhost port20000 codepre  pthen I create a second stream, which grabs the tcp connection and convert it to an rtp stream to publish the data over udp p  precodegstlaunch0.10 tcpclientsrc hostlocalhost protocol0 port20000                audioxrawint,depth16, width16,endianness1234, channels1,              rate16000  lamemp3enc target1 bitrate64 cbrtrue  mad                audioconvert  audioresample  mulawenc  rtppcmupay pt96                udpsink host129.70.134.128 port6000 codepre  pthis works while playing whith vlc player on localhostp  precodevlc rtp129.70.134.1286000 codepre  pnow I change the host in udpsink to the androids phone one. This also does what it shout do while playing with the mplayer app.p  pAfter this, the last step should be to play the sound with my own app. p  pIm trying to get the stream with the  a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comreferenceandroidnetrtppackagesummary.html relnofollowandroid.net.rtpa class.p  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecodeAudioManager audioManager  AudioManager mContext.getSystemServicemContext.AUDIOSERVICE audioManager.setModeAudioManager.MODEINCOMMUNICATION AudioStream inRtpStream  new AudioStreamcreateInet127.0.0.1  inRtpStream.associatecreateIneturl, 6000 inRtpStream.setModeRtpStream.MODERECEIVEONLY   inRtpStream.setCodecAudioCodec.PCMU inRtpStream.setDtmfType96  Initialize an AudioGroup and attach an AudioStream AudioGroup maingrp  new AudioGroup maingrp.setModeAudioGroup.MODENORMAL inRtpStream.joinmaingrp codepre  pbut there is silence. the logging output makes me think, that there is some kind of data, the application is trying to play.p  precodeDEBUG   AudioGroup  stream[57] is configured as PCMU 8kHz 20ms mode 2 DEBUG   AudioGroup  stream[64] is configured as RAW 8kHz 32ms mode 0 DEBUG   AudioGroup  stream[64] joins group[63] DEBUG   AudioGroup  group[63] switches from mode 0 to 2 DEBUG   AudioGroup  stream[57] joins group[63] DEBUG   AudioGroup  reported frame count output 1149, input 384 DEBUG   AudioGroup  adjusted frame count output 1149, input 512 DEBUG   AudioGroup  latency output 302, input 64 codepre  pam I missing something like starting the stream, or switching the speaker onp  pall available volume sliders are turned to the maximum. I also requested the INTERNET and RECORDAUDIO permissions in my manifest file.p  pthe codecs should also be the same. p  pthanks for your answersp
Negative 387 pHi I am relatively new to Java but I am hoping to write a class that will find all the ALT image attributes in a HTML file using JSOUP. I am hoping to get an error message printed if there is no alt text on an image and if there is to remind users to check it.p  precodeimport java.io.File import org.jsoup.Jsoup import org.jsoup.parser.Parser import org.jsoup.nodes.Element import org.jsoup.nodes.Node import org.jsoup.nodes.Document import org.jsoup.nodes.TextNode import org.jsoup.select.Elements   public class grabImages                  File input  new File...HTML                 Document doc  Jsoup.parseinput, UTF8, fileC...HTML                  Elements img  doc.getElementsByTagimg                  Elements alttext  doc.getElementsByAttributealt                   for Element el  img                      ifel.attrimg.containsalt                          System.out.printlnis the alt text relevant to the image                                                      else  System.out.printlnno alt text found on image                                                         codepre
Negative 387 pIm tring to use scrollTo, but when the link is click on the navbar its scrolls to the right div but just a little to far. Im thinking it has something to do with the fixed navbar a the top. How do I offset it p  precodeltscript srcjsjquery.scrollTo.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcjsjquery.nav.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgt document.readyfunction  nav.onePageNav     begin function      console.logstart     ,     end function      console.logstop        .do.clickfunctione      section4.appendltpgtltpgt     e.preventDefault    ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 387 pLets say you havep  precodepublic class Foo      public Bar b  public class Bar      public int x     public int y  codepre  pAnd then you callp  precodeFoo f  new Foo .... synchronizedf     f.b.x  3    f.b.y  5 x and y must be adjacent primes at all times.  codepre  pIf our threadsafeness deep i.e. does synchronizedf prevent another thread inside its own synchronizedf block from seeing f.b while f.b is updated What about using synchronizedthis insteadp
Negative 387 pAlright so Ive been trying to make two values in two different tables add up to one number. Its for posting and comments how many a user has done. The code.Author[id].code reads from another php file and is fine how it is. p  pWhen I use the code below it all works but the numbers are in decimals. So if coderesultcode has a value of 4 and coderesult2code is 2 it would come up saying 0.6. I have made sure that there is nothing wrong with the results or numrows by replacing the codeechocode with codeecho numrowscode and it comes up with the right result. But why do when I try to add these together they become a decimalp  precodeltphp  link  mysqlconnect, ,  mysqlselectdb, link  result  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM postthreads WHERE author  .Author[id]., link numrows  mysqlnumrowsresult  result2  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM postcomments WHERE userid  .Author[id]., link numrows2  mysqlnumrowsresult2  a  array.numrows.  .numrows2. echo  . arraysuma . n  gt codepre
Negative 387 pI know Anonymous functions are supported only in php5.3 and above.p  pBut due to some difficult circumstances , I have to use the code below in php 5.2p  pCan anybody please help me to convert this to work in php 5.2 p  pp  precode       fn  functionpoints use pdf          op  f         h  pdfgth         k  pdfgtk        pointsstring          fori0 i lt 8 i2        pointsstring . sprintf.2F .2F, points[i]k,hpoints[i1]k             pointsstring . i   l    m                 pdfgtoutpointsstring . op      codepre  pp  pThe full code is available atp  h1a hrefhttpbarcodecoder.comdownloadphpbarcode2.0.3.zip relnofollowhttpbarcodecoder.comdownloadphpbarcode2.0.3.zipah1  pI have now tried for hours with createfunction but somehow can get this to work.p  pPlease help me to adapt this to php5.2p  pAlso how to duplicate the functionality of use in php5.2p  pie how to pass a var like pdf to createfunction p
Negative 387 pI am looking at the code of a Wordpress plugin to see how they are creating and adding the database table upon activation of the plugin.p  precode     Activation hook for creating the initial DB table     registeractivationhookFILE, adddbtable codepre  pcodeadddbtablecode is a function that creates a table, I understand that and how to create that function, but the purpose of coderegisteractivationhookcode is to add it when the plugin is activated. I am just really curious to know why they use codeFILEcodep  pI just want to fully understand, thanksp
Negative 387 pI need to build a dynamic image gallery plugin for Joomla that will go into a specific folder and pull out all images from the folder and show first of them as a large preview image and the rest in a list. Afterwards I will need to make the preview image open in a lightbox if clicked and in the lightbox I need to have the small thumbnails of listed images as well. p  pBut know I need just php to go to the folder and pull out all the images from the folder specified. I have googled a bit and found some solution but this does not work for some reason I dont understand. Could someone tell me please, what is wrong with the codep  pThanks  p  precodeltdiv idimagesgt         ltphp          imagesdir  images         scan  scandirimagesdir         echo ltimg src . imagesdir . scan[2] . altimage gt         gt         ltul idsmallimagesgt         ltphp         fori0 iltcountscan i             ext  substrscan[i], strposscan[i], ., strlenscan[i]1         filetypes  array.jpg, .JPEG, .jpeg         ifinarrayext, filetypes             echo ltligtlta href . imagesdir . scan[i] . gtltimg src . imagesdir . scan[i] .  alt . scan[i] . gtltagtltligt         gtltulgt  ltdivgt codepre
Negative 387 pI have an application that was developed using Qt. This application currently runs on many different platforms.p  pNow, I am looking for ways to reuse this code under Android. I noticed that there is a Qt library for Android available. However, I havent come across any article that discusses the migration topic.p  pI am wondering if there is a way to reuse or reorganize our existing code such that the same code base can be used on Android as well as other platforms. p
Negative 387 pIm using the codeColor.FromArgbcode to for determining the brush color. Using this  for examplecodePen p new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb95, 255, 0, 0, 6code the problem with this is that I want to use 4 colors of the brushes red, orange, yellow and green. And I have a condition where depending on the value in this condition the color is chosen with a certain transparency. The problem with this is the transition between the two different colors, for example from green to yellow or from orange to red, the color changes suddenly and I dont want this. I want to transition to be smooth between different colors so for example from orange to red I want it to take the different degrees of oranges till it becomes reddish till it becomes red. The below is a snapshot of my code trying to clarify what I did, so if anyone could please advise, and please let me know if any more clarification needed. So as shown below depending of the value of codeXcode the color is determined with a certain intensity, but the problem is in if the last value of codeXcode was code10code which means Green and the current is code11code which means the color is Yellow, this makes the view not smooth because the color changed from Green to Yellow without any degrees of smoothness. And I thought that may be using HSV can solve this problem. So if anyone could please advise. p  precodeforX0 Xlt40 X this is green phase if X  0     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb75, 0, 255, 0, 6 else if X  1     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb77, 0, 255, 0, 6 else if X  2     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb79, 0, 255, 0, 6 else if X  3     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb81, 0, 255, 0, 6 else if X  4     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb83, 0, 255, 0, 6 else if X  5     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb85, 0, 255, 0, 6 else if X  6     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb87, 0, 255, 0, 6 else if X  7     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb89, 0, 255, 0, 6 else if X  8     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb91, 0, 255, 0, 6 else if X  9     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb93, 0, 255, 0, 6 else if X  10     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb95, 0, 255, 0, 6       this is yellow phase else if X  11     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb75, 255, 255, 0, 6 else if X  12     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb77, 255, 255, 0, 6 else if X  13     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb79, 255, 255, 0, 6 else if X  14     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb81, 255, 255, 0, 6 else if X  15     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb83, 255, 255, 0, 6 else if X  16     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb85, 255, 255, 0, 6 else if X  17     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb87, 255, 255, 0, 6 else if X  18     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb89, 255, 255, 0, 6 else if X  19     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb91, 255, 255, 0, 6 else if X  20     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb93, 255, 255, 0, 6       this is orange phase else if X  21     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb75, 255, 127, 0, 6 else if X  22     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb77, 255, 127, 0, 6 else if X  23     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb79, 255, 127, 0, 6 else if X  24     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb81, 255, 127, 0, 6 else if X  25     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb83, 255, 127, 0, 6 else if X  26     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb85, 255, 127, 0, 6 else if X  27     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb87, 255, 127, 0, 6 else if X  28     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb89, 255, 127, 0, 6 else if X  29     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb91, 255, 127, 0, 6 else if X  30     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb93, 255, 127, 0, 6      this is red phase else if X  31     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb75, 255, 0, 0, 6 else if X  32     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb77, 255, 0, 0, 6 else if X  33     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb79, 255, 0, 0, 6 else if X  34     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb81, 255, 0, 0, 6 else if X  35     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb83, 255, 0, 0, 6 else if X  36     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb85, 255, 0, 0, 6 else if X  37     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb87, 255, 0, 0, 6 else if X  38     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb89, 255, 0, 0, 6 else if X  39     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb91, 255, 0, 0, 6 else if X  40     P  new Pennew SolidColorBrushColor.FromArgb93, 255, 0, 0, 6 codepre
Negative 387 pI want to import data from excel file to sql server using C but the main issue is first I have to write code to create table.Is there any way by which first program read the first line of excel and create table on the basis of first row of excel sheet.Then I can use simple process of uploading data from excel. In simple words I want to create SQL data import wizard for excel file using C .net. Problem is also because every time I got new excel sheet with different number of columns from which I have to import data in new database.p
Negative 387 pI have a weird bug on iPad iOS7 landscape mode.p  pWhat i was able to investigate is that in iOS7 window.outerHeight is 692px and  window.innerHeight 672px while in previous versions both values are 672px.p  pEven though my codelthtmlgtcode and codeltbodygtcode tags have height 100 there seems to be space for scrolling, and the weird thing is that this problem only shows up on landscpaep  pYou can see what i am talking about by visiting t.cincodias.com, for example, in a iOS 7 iPad the footer bar or the header sometimes will be cut. But on previous iOS versions the content displays fine at fullscreen.p  pEven when i set the height of both tags to codeheight 672px importantcode and codepositionabsolute bottom 0code, you can still scroll the content vertically by touching an iframe the ads are iframes.p  pIm running the release candidate version of iOS7p  pthanks for any help.p
Negative 387 pI have an imacros script that takes data from a csv file. But i need to tell imacros to take data randomly from a column. i.e.p  precodeIDtageditorinput CONTENTCOL2 IDtageditorinput CONTENTCOL2 IDtageditorinput CONTENTCOL2 IDtageditorinput CONTENTCOL2 IDtageditorinput CONTENTCOL2 codepre  pin column 2 I store a lot of values, but I need for each line it takes a different value from COL2. is it possiblep  hr  pReply to Bestmacros.p  pThx Bestmacros but I guess Im still doing something wrong cause it doesnt work. So this is the script p  precodeSET VAR0 901 ADD VAR0 LOOP SET DATASOURCEDELIMITER   SET DATASOURCE file.csv SET LOOP 1 TAG POS1 TYPEINPUTTEXT ATTRIDpostthree CONTENThttpwww.COL1 TAG POS1 TYPEINPUTTEXT FORMIDeditpost ATTRIDtageditorinput CONTENTCOL2 TAG POS1 TYPEINPUTTEXT FORMIDeditpost ATTRIDtageditorinput CONTENTCOL2 TAG POS1 TYPEINPUTTEXT FORMIDeditpost ATTRIDtageditorinput CONTENTCOL2 TAG POS1 TYPEINPUTTEXT FORMIDeditpost ATTRIDtageditorinput CONTENTCOL2 TAG POS1 TYPEINPUTTEXT FORMIDeditpost ATTRIDtageditorinput CONTENTCOL2 TAG POS1 TYPETEXTAREA FORMNAMEsource ATTRIDhtmlSource CONTENTVAR0amp160ltaltSPgthrefhttpwww.COL3ltSPgttargetblankgtwww.COL4ltagt codepre  pAs you can see I need the random value from col2 in 5 tags. The other columns must have only one value. Where do I insert your code considering that this whole script must be repeated many times in loop and for each time VAR0 must be increased by 1p
Negative 387 pI have a python middleware class running in google app engine that Im trying to perform a 301 redirect inp  precodefrom webob import Request from webob.exc import HTTPMovedPermanently from urlparse import urlparse  class MyMiddlewareobject     def initself, app         self.app  app      def callself, environ, startresponse         request  Requestenviron         response  request.getresponseself.app         if response.statusint  404             raise HTTPMovedPermanentlylocation         return responseenviron, startresponse codepre  pThis is a simplified version, but illustrates the problem. I cant find any information on how to perform a 302301 redirect from middleware All information relates to doing it from a handler or some other framework and these methods all produce errors in google app engine.p  pThis is my main.pyp  precodeimport os import webapp2 import jinja2 from seo import  from notfound import   JINJAENVIRONMENT  jinja2.Environment     loader  jinja2.FileSystemLoaderos.path.dirnamefile,     extensions  [jinja2.ext.autoescape]  class MainHandlerwebapp2.RequestHandler def getself     template  JINJAENVIRONMENT.gettemplatehome.html     self.response.writetemplate.render  app  webapp2.WSGIApplication[ , MainHandler ], debug  True  app  MyMiddlewareapp codepre
Negative 387 pPrimarily for layout purposes I would prefer to use codeltdivgtcode tags in my views with codecontenteditabletruecode for editing a models attributes. That said, Ive found it difficult to find a reliable solution for serializing these elements values for saving to the model.p  pIs there a reliable way to serialize the contents of a groups of codeltdiv contenteditabletruegtcode elementsp
Negative 387 pIm new to MIPS and Im trying to find out whether I can actually send in 4 bits to a MIPS function using a0, for example, or whether I have to send a 32bit number and just use the convention that the first 4 bits of that number are the 4 bits of interest.p  pSince the registers only store 32bit words, Im assuming you have to provide a 32bit word, but if its not necessary I would really like to know how to avoid it.p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pIm trying to make a generic UISearchBar for my app, the goal is to press the tipical magnifier button in the UINavigationBar and show the search as an example the new facebook app.p  pIm able to add the UISearchBar in an UITableView and make the filter, but what i need is to pop the UISearchView and search in other place BBDD, txt, etc, where to search is not the problem, the problem is to show or pop the UISearchBar in a generic way and not atached to the UINavigationBar.p  pCan you point me in the right direction.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pWhen using p  ol liC Strongnames on DLLs and li liusing the InternalsVisibleTo tags andli liwhen the public key uses SHA256 or SHA512li ol  pWere noticing that the compile process fails as if the codeInternalsVisibleTocode tags were never even declared. The error we get is codeMyInternalClass is inaccessible due to its protection level    ltsnipgtcodep  pWhen the public key uses sha1 in step 3 above, the compile process works perfectly with no issues and the internals are exposed properly to the test project. The way were creating the strongname keys isp  precodesn k 4096 SignKey.snk sn p SignKey.snk SignKeyPublic.snk sha256 sn tp SignKeyPublic.snk codepre  pAnd the way were exposing the projects internals to its test project isp  precode[assembly InternalsVisibleToMyProjectTest, PublicKeyLongPublicKeyHere] codepre  pwhich we stick inside the codePropertiesAssemblyInfo.cscode of the codeMyProjectcode project.p  pstrongQuestion How to use SHA256 or better in the strongname processstrongp  pEDIT strongOr is this a bug in the VS2012 toolsstrongp  pPlatform, Tools VS2012 Update 3, .NET 4.5, Windows 8 x64p
Negative 387 pHi im trying to fetch the phone from db mysql and i want to send sms to that number using SMSgateway API. i have written some code pls check and tell me where im going worng im new to this sms concept p  pcode   precode   user  username    password  password    baseurl  httpslogin.smsgatewayhub.com     text  urlencodePOST[message]    to  POST[to]    sender  107229    format text    reqid  1  enter code here     data  mysqlquery  SELECT value from  customeraddressentityvarchar where a   ttributeid17 or diemysqlerror                                                      whileinfo  mysqlfetcharray data        codepre  pmy api  this is the code have used but its not working pls help me to resolve it im stuck here for very longp
Negative 387 pThis is what I came up with.p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt     ltlayerlist xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid gt     ltitemgt         ltshape androidshaperectangle gt             ltsolid androidcolorcolorgrey gt              ltpadding                 androidbottom1dp gt             ltcorners                  androidradius0dpgt          ltshapegt     ltitemgt     ltitemgt         ltshape androidshaperectangle gt             ltsolid androidcolorcolorwhite gt             ltcorners                  androidradius1dp                  androidbottomRightRadius0dp                  androidbottomLeftRadius0dp                  androidtopLeftRadius5dp                  androidtopRightRadius5dpgt          ltshapegt     ltitemgt ltlayerlistgt codepre  pThis is working however the bottom radius is showing up whatever values I place on it.p  pActually in only takes the codetopLeftRadiuscode to make it looks like thisp  precode    ltcorners           androidbottomRightRadius0dp          androidbottomLeftRadius0dp          androidtopLeftRadius5dp          androidtopRightRadius0dpgt  codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comyJdJh.png altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pIm dynamically adding list items to a ul p  precodeltulgt ltligtthing 1ltligt ltligtthing 2ltligt ltli classcolorblockgtthing 3ltligt ltli classcolorblockgtthing 4ltligt ltligtthing 5ltligt ltulgt codepre  pIn some situations I need to enclose a few of the li with the followingp  precode.colorblockfirst.beforeltligt[ampplusmn ltligt .colorblocklast.appendltligt]ltligt codepre  pthat products the followingp  precodeltulgt ltligtthing 1ltligt ltligtthing 2ltligt ltligt[ ltligt ltli classcolorblockgtthing 3ltligt ltli classcolorblockgtthing 4ltligt ltligt]ltligt ltligtthing 5ltligt ltulgt codepre  pnow, if I also may need to remove those two lis with something along the followingp  precodeli.filterfunction  return .text[this]  [ampplusmn  .remove li.filterfunction  return .text[this]  [  .remove li.filterfunction  return .text[this]  ] .remove codepre  pmy problem is that none of these are correctly matching to p  precodeltligt[ ltligt codepre  pIve ran out of ideas on how to strictly match and remove that li. any suggestionsp
Negative 387 pHere is my code. I am running this on android. Samsung S4 phone. Can you please help Thanks.   p  precode        public void onPreviewFramebyte[] data, Camera mCamera           String root  Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory.toString            Random generator  new Random       int n  10000       n  generator.nextIntn        String fname     n                   Camera.Parameters parameters  mCamera.getParameters                 Size size  parameters.getPreviewSize                 YuvImage image  new YuvImagedata, parameters.getPreviewFormat,                         mPreviewSize.width, mPreviewSize.height, null                 File file  new FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectory                         .getPath  fname  out.jpg                 FileOutputStream filecon  null                 try                      filecon  new FileOutputStreamfile                  catch FileNotFoundException e                       TODO Autogenerated catch block                     e.printStackTrace                                  image.compressToJpeg                         new Rect0, 0, image.getWidth,    image.getHeight, 90,                         filecon       codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to set canvas shape to oval using ctx.scale method in canvas.clipTo function while doing this my resize and dragging properties are not working properly in fabric.js. anyone have any idea how to resolve this issue  here is my code htmlp  precodeltcanvas idc width400 height200gtltcanvasgt codepre  pscriptp  precodevar wcanvas.width  4 var hcanvas.height  2 canvas.clipTo  functionctx    ctx.scale2, 1  ctx.arcw, h, 90, 0, 2  Math.PI, true    canvas.renderAll codepre  pHere is my a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netxadqg4 relnofollowFiddle Demoa   p
Negative 387 pIm new to C and Qt so naturally Im having trouble. I am trying to create a class separate from the MainWindow that connects to a URL and receives a JSON response. However, after using QObjectconnect, the program doesnt connect to the SLOT program.p  pHere is my code so far jsonhandle.hp  precodeifndef JSONHANDLEH define JSONHANDLEH  include ltstringgt include ltQObjectgt include ltQJsonObjectgt include ltQtNetworkQNetworkReplygt  using stdstring  class jsonhandle public QObject     QOBJECT  public     jsonhandlestring url     void sendRequest     void addArgstring name, string value     void clearArg     QJsonObject getResponse  public slots     void replyFinishedQNetworkReply  reply  private          bool gotResponse                       Determines whether or not a response was obtained.     string url                             The URL where the JSON request takes place.     int size                               The number of parameters.     string param                          The array containing arguments.     int maxSize                            Keeps track of the top size of the array.     const int DEFAULT  4                  The default value of the parameter array.     QJsonObject response                   The object containing the JSON data.           void expandArray                     Expands the parameter array.   endif  JSONHANDLEH codepre  pjsonhandle.cppp  precodeinclude jsonhandle.h include ltstringgt include ltiostreamgt include ltQJsonDocumentgt include ltQJsonObjectgt include ltQStringgt include ltQUrlgt include ltQUrlQuerygt include ltQtNetworkQNetworkAccessManagergt include ltQtNetworkQNetworkReplygt include ltQtNetworkQNetworkRequestgt include ltQDebuggt  using stdstring  jsonhandlejsonhandlestring url     Gets the url and argument list passed to the json handler.     thisgturl  url     thisgtsize  0     thisgtmaxSize  DEFAULT     thisgtgotResponse  false     thisgtresponse  new QJsonObject      Now, creates the paramater array.     thisgtparam  new string[DEFAULT]   void jsonhandleaddArgstring name, string value     Checks to see if the array is full.     if size gt maxSize         The array has to be expanded.         expandArray           Now, inserts the name and parameter into param.     param[size]  name     param[size]  value   void jsonhandleexpandArray     First gets the size of the array.     int newSize  thisgtsize  2      Creates a new array with double the size.     string newArr  new string[newSize]      Finally, populates the new array with the parameters.     stdcopyparam, param  thisgt size, newArr      Finally deletes the original param array.     delete[] param     param  newArr      Finally, updates max count.     maxSize  2   void jsonhandleclearArg     Clears the counters.     thisgtmaxSize  DEFAULT     thisgtsize  0      Deletes the param array off the stack.     delete[] thisgtparam     thisgtparam  new string[DEFAULT]   void jsonhandlesendRequest     The network manager will post and recieve our HTTP requests.     QNetworkAccessManager manager  new QNetworkAccessManagerthis      QObjectconnectmanager, SIGNALfinishedQNetworkReply , SLOTreplyFinishedQNetworkReply       The host of the webservice.     QString acceptedURL  QStringfromStdStringthisgturl     QUrl urlacceptedURL      Sets up the post data request.     QNetworkRequest req     req.setUrlacceptedURL     req.setHeaderQNetworkRequestContentTypeHeader, applicationxwwwformurlencoded      Now, interacts with the data and gets all the additional parameters.     QUrlQuery queryurl     for int i  0 i lt size i  2         query.addQueryItemQStringfromStdStringparam[i], QStringfromStdStringparam[i  1]          url.setQueryquery      Update the request with the new query information.     req.setUrlurl       DEBUG TIP        The following line will allow you print the full HTTP request that will be made        You can enter it directly into a browser, and the JSON object returned will be shown        This is why iostream is included in this file     stdcoutltlt url.toString.toStdStringltltstdendl      Post the request     managergtpostreq, url.toEncoded   void jsonhandlereplyFinishedQNetworkReply  reply     if replygterror  QNetworkReplyNoError          A communication error has occurred         stdcout ltlt Error in connecting. ltlt stdendl         thisgtgotResponse  false           We read the JSON response into a QJsonObject     QJsonObject obj  QJsonDocumentfromJsonreplygtreadAll.object     thisgtresponse  ampobj     thisgtgotResponse  true   QJsonObject jsonhandlegetResponse      Sees if a response was obtained from JSON     if gotResponse  false         responsegtinserterror,QJsonValueNull           return response  codepre  pLet me know if you guys figure anything out.p
Negative 387 pIm retrieving a unix timestamp from a Bluetooth LE peripheral, which is stored in an NSData object. If I print the contents of the NSData object to the debug console, they appear correct, however if I try to convert the NSData object to an integer value, the integer value appears to keep changing.p  pcodeNSData refinedData  [mfrData subdataWithRangerange]codep  pWhich yields a value of 386d5e9a on the debug console.p  pI then convert to an integerp  pcodeuint32t unixTimeStamp  refinedDatacodep  pInitially, this yields a value of 342162144 on the debug console. However, this value keeps growing, despite the NSData not changing. Can anybody help me understand whats going onp  pIf its not already very apparent, Im a newbie.p  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pI have installed PostgreSQL, wanting to set up a new database, everything is going fine, until I am trying to use the  sign. And then I knew, that warning I get in the beginning is for a reason.p  pThe warning I am getting at starting up my psql shell is p  precodeWARNING Console code page 850 differs from Windows code page 1252          8bit characters might not work correctly. See psql reference          page Notes for Windows users for details. codepre  pSo I am going to do as I am told from a hrefhttpwww.postgresql.orgdocs9.2staticapppsql.html relnofollowPostgreSQL Documentation 9.2  psqlap  hr  h2Notes for Windows Usersh2  ppsql is built as a console application. Since the Windows console windows use a different encoding than the rest of the system, you must take special care when using 8bit characters within psql. If psql detects a problematic console code page, it will warn you at startup. To change the console code page, two things are necessaryp  ul liSet the code page by entering strongcmd.exe c chcp 1252strong. 1252 is a code page that is appropriate for German replace it with your value. If you are using Cygwin, you can put this command in strongetcprofilestrong.li liSet the console font to strongLucida Consolestrong, because the raster font does not work with the ANSI code page.li ul  hr  pWhen I type the strongcmd.exe c chcp 1252strong command I get a syntax error. So psql, doesnt recognize the command.  Out of desperation, I was trying to do something in cmd.exe itself, does not work either. p  pI work in Windows 7  64Bit.p
Negative 387 pI need to write an array into a BINARY registry key.p  pThe array contains a series of characters...   p  pchar ArrayUserName[100]p  pit is loaded with the value of ZK8ORQ1p  pI need to write that value to a binary value REGBINARY in the registry.p  precodevoid WriteRegistryValues  DWORD  dwDisposition FILE fileb  fileb  fopenClogscplog2.txt, a  fprintffileb,Field ID d [s]n, 2, ArrayUserName fprintffileb,Field ID d [s]n, 3, ArrayPassword  HKEY hKey LPCTSTR sk  TEXTSOFTWAREXXXXYYYYGINA LONG openRes  RegOpenKeyExHKEYLOCALMACHINE, sk, 0, KEYALLACCESS , amphKey   if openResERRORSUCCESS      fprintffileb, Success opening key.n  else      fprintffileb, Error opening key.n   LPCTSTR value  TEXTDomain LONG setRes  RegSetValueExhKey, value, 0, REGBINARY, CONST BYTEArrayUserName, 100   if setRes  ERRORSUCCESS      fprintffileb, Success writing to Registry.n  else      fprintffileb, Error writing to Registry.n   LONG closeOut  RegCloseKeyhKey  if closeOut  ERRORSUCCESS      fprintffileb, Success closing key.n  else      fprintffileb, Error closing key.n   fclosefileb codepre  pIn the text file, i see the values of the username and the passwordp  pas p  pField ID 2 [zk8orq1]p  pField ID 3 [Pssword2]p  pSuccess opening key.p  pError writing to Registry.p  pSuccess closing key.p  pWhat am i missingp  pthank youp
Negative 387 pI want to consume a C web service inside a SQL Server 2008 stored procedure. Main concept behind that it we want to run scheduler of SQL Server by using SQL Server agent every 30 minutes, but logic is written in a C class.p  pHow to run web service in SQL Server 2008 p
Negative 387 pI have the following rule in my .htaccess file that should redirect a request like thisp  pa hrefhttpwww.olddomain.comsomeurl relnofollowhttpwww.olddomain.comsomeurla  a hrefhttpwww.newdomain.comsomeurl relnofollowhttpwww.newdomain.comsomeurlap  punless the path matches something like imagessomeimage.jpgp  pTheres a few exceptions like this, built into the rulep  precodeRewriteRule images.css.js. httpwww.newdomain.com1 [R301,L] codepre  pThis is behaving as expected when I test using a hrefhttphtaccess.madewithlove.be relnofollowhttphtaccess.madewithlove.beap  pBut, on the live server, 1 is never set. Urls that match the pattern are just redirected to the home page p  pThis is the very first rule of my htaccess file, after codeRewriteEngine Oncodep
Negative 387 pI made a small game in python 2.7 using Pygame. I wanted to make the game playable for my friends, so I used cxfreeze to create an .exe version.p  pSo I did this, and was able to run the game, but an error resulting in the program crashing at, as far as I could tell, random times.p  pHeres the error message I gotp  precodeFile Cpython27libsitepackagescxFreezeinitscriptsConsole.py, line 27, in ltmodulegt File projectV5.py, line 127, in ltmodulegt IOError [Errno 9] Bad file descriptor codepre  pPlease bear in mind that Im pretty new to python, and programming in general.p
Negative 387 pusing imagemagick I can threshold an image and specify a percentage. p  precodeconvert one.png threshold 60 two.png codepre  pHow can I do the same using wand in pythonp
Negative 387 pI tried to build notification but it seems my codeNotificationCompat.Buildercode codeNPEcodeed at this line codemNotificationManager.notifyNOTIFICATIONID, tcode. brbr After10 hours of researching, Ive fixed many problem including making sure my codeIntentcode running as service, the Context resolving correctly, and the codeonCreatecode being ran once.brbr Heres my Manifestp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     packagecom.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe     androidversionCode1     androidversionName1.0 gt      ltusessdk         androidminSdkVersion9         androidtargetSdkVersion16 gt      ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNET gt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.GETACCOUNTS gt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WAKELOCK gt     ltusespermission androidnamecom.google.android.c2dm.permission.RECEIVE gt      ltpermission         androidnamecom.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe.permission.C2DMESSAGE         androidprotectionLevelsignature gt      ltusespermission androidnamecom.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe.permission.C2DMESSAGE gt      ltapplication         androidallowBackuptrue         androidicondrawableiclauncher         androidlabelstringappname         androidthemestyleAppTheme gt         ltactivity             androidnamecom.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe.MainActivity             androidlabelstringappname gt             ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt                  ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt             ltintentfiltergt         ltactivitygt          ltreceiver             androidnamecom.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe.GcmBroadcastReceiver             androidpermissioncom.google.android.c2dm.permission.SEND gt             ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnamecom.google.android.c2dm.intent.RECEIVE gt                 ltcategory androidnamecom.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe gt             ltintentfiltergt         ltreceivergt          ltservice androidnamecom.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe.GcmIntentService gt          ltactivity             androidnamecom.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe.ChannelActivity             androidlabelstringtitleactivitychannel gt         ltactivitygt     ltapplicationgt  ltmanifestgt codepre  pParseJSON.java, my codereadLinkcode function is the one who calls the GcmIntentServicep  precodepackage com.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe   import java.io.BufferedReader import java.io.IOException import java.io.InputStream import java.io.InputStreamReader import java.util.ArrayList  import org.apache.http.HttpEntity import org.apache.http.HttpResponse import org.apache.http.StatusLine import org.apache.http.client.ClientProtocolException import org.apache.http.client.HttpClient import org.apache.http.client.methods.HttpGet import org.apache.http.impl.client.DefaultHttpClient import org.json.JSONArray import org.json.JSONObject  import android.app.Activity import android.app.Notification import android.app.NotificationManager import android.app.PendingIntent import android.content.Context import android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.os.StrictMode import android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat import android.util.Log import com.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe.GcmIntentService  public class ParseJSON extends Activity    Called when the activity is first created.     Override   public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     StrictMode.ThreadPolicy policy  new StrictMode.     ThreadPolicy.Builder.permitAll.build     StrictMode.setThreadPolicypolicy       public ArrayListltStringgt GetJSONString url         ArrayListltStringgt val  new ArrayListltStringgt         String readLink  readLinkurl         JSONArray jsonArray  new JSONArray         try            jsonArray  new JSONArrayreadLink           for int i  0 i lt jsonArray.length i                val.addjsonArray.getStringi                     catch Exception e            e.printStackTrace                  return val      public String readLinkString url      StringBuilder builder  new StringBuilder     HttpClient client  new DefaultHttpClient     HttpGet httpGet  new HttpGeturl     Log.eParseJSON.class.toString,url     try        HttpResponse response  client.executehttpGet       StatusLine statusLine  response.getStatusLine       int statusCode  statusLine.getStatusCode       if statusCode  200          HttpEntity entity  response.getEntity         InputStream content  entity.getContent         BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReadercontent         String line         while line  reader.readLine  null            builder.appendline                 else          Log.eParseJSON.class.toString, Failed to download file          Intent Notif  new Intentthis, GcmIntentService.class         Notif.putExtraPostThisNotifString, Failed to download file         this.startServiceNotif             catch ClientProtocolException e        e.printStackTrace      catch IOException e        e.printStackTrace          return builder.toString     codepre  pGcmIntentService.javap  precodepackage com.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe  import com.google.android.gms.gcm.GoogleCloudMessaging  import android.app.IntentService import android.app.Notification import android.app.NotificationManager import android.app.PendingIntent import android.content.Context import android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.os.SystemClock import android.support.v4.app.NotificationCompat import android.util.Log  public class GcmIntentService extends IntentService      public static final int NOTIFICATIONID  1     private NotificationManager mNotificationManager     NotificationCompat.Builder builder     private PendingIntent contentIntent      public GcmIntentService          superGcmIntentService          public static final String TAG  HIMTI Notification v2     Override     protected void onHandleIntentIntent intent          Bundle extras  intent.getExtras         GoogleCloudMessaging gcm  GoogleCloudMessaging.getInstancethis          The getMessageType intent parameter must be the intent you received          in your BroadcastReceiver.         String messageType  gcm.getMessageTypeintent          if extras.isEmpty    has effect of unparcelling Bundle                            Filter messages based on message type. Since it is likely that GCM will be               extended in the future with new message types, just ignore any message types youre               not interested in, or that you dont recognize.                           if GoogleCloudMessaging.MESSAGETYPESENDERROR.equalsmessageType                  sendNotificationSend error   extras.toString              else if GoogleCloudMessaging.MESSAGETYPEDELETED.equalsmessageType                  sendNotificationDeleted messages on server   extras.toString              If its a regular GCM message, do some work.              else if GoogleCloudMessaging.MESSAGETYPEMESSAGE.equalsmessageType                   This loop represents the service doing some work.                 for int i  0 i lt 5 i                      Log.iTAG, Working...   i  1                              5    SystemClock.elapsedRealtime                     try                          Thread.sleep5000                      catch InterruptedException e                                                        Log.iTAG, Completed work    SystemClock.elapsedRealtime                  Post notification of received message.                 sendNotificationReceived   extras.toString                 Log.iTAG, Received   extras.toString              else                  I just need to post a simple notification to user                 String ex  intent.getStringExtraPostThisNotifString                 sendNotificationex                                Release the wake lock provided by the WakefulBroadcastReceiver.         GcmBroadcastReceiver.completeWakefulIntentintent            Put the message into a notification and post it.      This is just one simple example of what you might choose to do with      a GCM message.     public void sendNotificationString msg          Intent u  new Intentthis, MainActivity.class         PendingIntent contentIntent  PendingIntent.getActivitythis, 0, u,0           NotificationCompat.Builder mBuilder                  new NotificationCompat.Builderthis         .setContentTitleHIMTI Broadcast         .setStylenew NotificationCompat.BigTextStyle         .bigTextmsg         .setContentTextmsg         Notification t  mBuilder.build         mBuilder.setContentIntentcontentIntent         mNotificationManager.notifyNOTIFICATIONID, t       codepre  pHeres the logcatp  precode1013 114536.429 EAndroidRuntime16096 FATAL EXCEPTION IntentService[GcmIntentService] 1013 114536.429 EAndroidRuntime16096 java.lang.NullPointerException 1013 114536.429 EAndroidRuntime16096    at com.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe.GcmIntentService.sendNotificationGcmIntentService.java108 1013 114536.429 EAndroidRuntime16096    at com.willypt.himtichannelsubscribe.GcmIntentService.onHandleIntentGcmIntentService.java85 1013 114536.429 EAndroidRuntime16096    at android.app.IntentServiceServiceHandler.handleMessageIntentService.java65 1013 114536.429 EAndroidRuntime16096    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 1013 114536.429 EAndroidRuntime16096    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 1013 114536.429 EAndroidRuntime16096    at android.os.HandlerThread.runHandlerThread.java60 codepre
Negative 387 pI came to notice that for some reason it is not possible to transfer data from chrome to firefox or viceversa through a draggable object when the mime is set to codeapplicationjsoncode.p  pSee demo here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netn7N9p4 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netn7N9p4ap  pOpen that link in both, chrome and firefox and try dragging the JSON draggable from one browser to the other.p  pWith that I have tested dragging the draggable in different scenariosp  ol liFrom CHROME to CHROME via emtextem strongworksstrong.li liFrom CHROME to CHROME via emapplicationjsonem strongworksstrong.li liFrom CHROME to CHROME INCOGNITO via emtextem strongworksstrong.li liFrom CHROME to CHROME INCOGNITO via emapplicationjsonem strongworksstrong.li liFrom FIREFOX to FIREFOX via emtextem strongworksstrong.li liFrom FIREFOX to FIREFOX via emapplicationjsonem strongworksstrong.li liFrom FIREFOX to FIREFOX PRIVATE WINDOW via emtextem strongworksstrong.li liFrom FIREFOX to FIREFOX PRIVATE WINDOW via emapplicationjsonem strongworksstrong.li liFrom CHROME to FIREFOX via emtextem strongworksstrong.li liFrom CHROME to FIREFOX via emapplicationjsonem strongdoes not workstrong.li liFrom FIREFOX to CHROME via emtextem strongworksstrong.li liFrom FIREFOX to CHROME via emapplicationjsonem strongdoes not workstrong.li ol  pWhy does only 10 and 12 failp  pIs this a bug or security feature If it is a security feature, then why is it insecure How come 3, 4, 7 and 8 are not considered insecure Why does it always work with the mime set to codetextcodep
Negative 387 pclickAndHold is not working for me in my test environment setup. I keep getting this error when trying to execute it using the Advanced User Interactions p  pCannot press more then one button or an already pressed button. when calling method [wdIMousedown]p  pIve tested numerous versions of Firefox with selenium versions 2.31.02.35.0 and Firefox 21 with selenium 2.35 has the fewest issues. Other combinations have problems with click failing silently and visible elements being treated as invisible. p  pI want to use a Javascript workaround for drag and drop of one element to another, but I cant find any decent examples anywhere after googling extensively.p
Negative 387 pIve build an app for managing transactions and im currently adding dropbox backup. I do this by uploading the databasefiles to dropbox which seems to be appearing correctly. Then i want to download the files again and overwrite the existing databases. When i do this the databases get saved as files ei. get listed by context.fileList instead of context.databaseList How do i handle the database files to get them in the right placep  pHere is the code i thought relevant p  precodeprivate static class Downloader extends AsyncTaskltInteger, Integer, Booleangt     Context context     Override     protected void onPreExecute         context  SpendoBase.getContext          Override     protected Boolean doInBackgroundInteger... arg0          System.out.printlnDoInBackground         try              ListltDropboxAPI.Entrygt entries  mDBApi.metadata, 1, null, true, null.contents             File file             FileOutputStream os             int count  0             forDropboxAPI.Entry entry entries                 count                 System.out.printlnEntry.path   entry.path      count    entries.size                 file  new Fileentry.path                 System.out.println1                 os  context.openFileOutputfile.getName, Context.MODEPRIVATE                 System.out.println2                 DropboxFileInfo info  mDBApi.getFileentry.path, null, os, null                 os.flush                 os.close                 System.out.println3   info                        catch DropboxException e              e.printStackTrace          catch FileNotFoundException e              e.printStackTrace          catch IOException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace                   return null        private static class Uploader extends AsyncTaskltInteger, Integer, Booleangt     String[] databaseList     Context context     Override     protected void onPreExecute         context  SpendoBase.getContext         databaseList  context.databaseList          Override     protected Boolean doInBackgroundInteger... params          forString dbName databaseList             try                  File f  context.getDatabasePathdbName                 FileInputStream  fis  new FileInputStreamf.getPath                 mDBApi.putFileOverwrite  dbName, fis, f.length, null              catch FileNotFoundException e                  e.printStackTrace              catch DropboxException e                  e.printStackTrace                               return null         private static class MetaReader extends AsyncTaskltInteger, Integer, ListltStringgtgt      Override     protected ListltStringgt doInBackgroundInteger... arg0          try               ListltStringgt result  new VectorltStringgt             DropboxAPI.Entry existingEntry  mDBApi.metadata, 1, null, true, null             ListltDropboxAPI.Entrygt temp  existingEntry.contents             forint i  0 i lt temp.size i                 File f  new Filetemp.geti.path                 result.addf.getName                          return result           catch DropboxException e               System.out.printlnSomething went wrong   e                   return null          Override     protected void onPostExecuteListltStringgt result         forString strresult             System.out.printlnstr                codepre
Negative 387 pFollowing is my HTML codep  precodelt Following is the code for parent checkboxgt ltinput idckbCheckAll classcustomcheck ezhide typecheckbox namegtltinputgt lt Following is the code for child checkboxesgt ltinput idpractice6191 classcustomcheck ezhide typecheckbox onchangeenabletextboxespractice6191 value191 namepracticetopics6[]gtltinputgt ltinput idpractice6190 classcustomcheck ezhide typecheckbox onchangeenabletextboxespractice6190 value190 namepracticetopics6[]gtltinputgt ltinput idpractice6191 classcustomcheck ezhide typecheckbox onchangeenabletextboxespractice6191 value191 namepracticetopics6[]gtltinputgt ltinput idpractice6192 classcustomcheck ezhide typecheckbox onchangeenabletextboxespractice6192 value192 namepracticetopics6[]gtltinputgt ltinput idpractice6193 classcustomcheck ezhide typecheckbox onchangeenabletextboxespractice6193 value193 namepracticetopics6[]gtltinputgt ltinput idpractice6195 classcustomcheck ezhide typecheckbox onchangeenabletextboxespractice6195 value195 namepracticetopics6[]gtltinputgt ltinput idpractice6196 classcustomcheck ezhide typecheckbox onchangeenabletextboxespractice6196 value196 namepracticetopics6[]gtltinputgt codepre  pNow I want to create an array of ids of the above codeltinput typecheckboxgtcode HTML elements and access this array using foreach loop on the click event of the parent checkbox. p  pThat is when the parent checkbox is checked all the child checkboxes should also get checked, when the parent checkbox is unchecked all the child checkboxes should also get unchecked.p  pwhen user checks all the child checkboxes one by one then the parent checkbox should also get checked and when the user unchecks any of the child checkboxes when the parent checkbox is checked at that time parent checkbox should also get unchecked. p  pCan you help me in this regard please p  pAlso, one more important thing is I dont want to access the child checkboxes with the help of class selector i.e. classcustomcheck or classezhide as these classes are common to all the child checkboxes. I want to create a an array and then access this array in my code. Thanks in advance. p
Negative 387 pI would like to gray out the image only instead of the entire button. The reason being is that the image on the button is partly transparent, so when the entire button is grayed out it just looks odd.p  pIn the below image you can see the entire button is grayed out instead of just the visible imagep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZgCMk.png altfully grayed out buttonp  prelated... sorta a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2590031disablingbuttonwithcustomcontentinsilverlightDisabling Button with custom Content in Silverlightap
Negative 387 pCurrently I retrieve footnote text in a paragraph using p  precode     foreach Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Paragraph para in doc.Paragraphs                      Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Range range  para.Range.Duplicate              string x               for int i  1 i lt para.Range.Footnotes.Count i                              x  para.Range.Footnotes[i].Range.Text                        codepre  pBut the text x I want to append next to footnote script in the paragraph for processing. I would like to know if there is anyway to navigate using location or split the paragraph using any delimiter for footnote marker so that I can recreate the text with body and footnote text appended to it.p
Negative 387 precode    XmlDocument doc  new XmlDocument     XDocument XMLDoc  XDocument.LoadPath.CombineRequest.PhysicalApplicationPath, AppDatagooglemeta2.xml     string id  2  id to be selected      XElement Contact  from xml2 in XMLDoc.DescendantsKeywords                         where xml2.ElementID.Value  id                         select xml2.FirstOrDefault      string key  HttpUtility.HtmlDecodeContact.Elementname.ToString         not works      string cleanedString  key       cleanedString  cleanedString.Replacelt,amplt       No code     cleanedString  cleanedString.Replacegt, ampgt     cleanedString  cleanedString.Replaceamp, ampamp     No query string breaks            HtmlMeta meta  new HtmlMeta     meta.Name  keywords     meta.Content  key     MetaPlaceHolder.Controls.Addmeta codepre  h2XMLh2  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltGooglegt   ltKeywordsgt     ltIDgt2ltIDgt       ltnamegtblaltnamegt   ltKeywordsgt ltGooglegt codepre  h2Outputh2  precodeltmeta namekeywords contentampltnamegtblaampltnamegt gtltheadgt codepre  pHow can i remove the amplt, or there is better way to do that p
Negative 387 pGoogle openid returns a claimedid, such as a hrefhttpswww.google.comaccountso8ididApt0atlGwaRLf6bidtlCtqFNpp1Rvdg0Ka8aqrs relnofollowhttpswww.google.comaccountso8ididApt0atlGwaRLf6bidtlCtqFNpp1Rvdg0Ka8aqrsap  pAnd Google oauth2 userinfo returns a number is, 100168242610783512505.p  pGiven one, how to get the other one I want to nomalize openid and oauth2 login process. Any suggestion is welcome.p  pThanksp
Negative 387 precodeApp.Person  Ember.Object.extend   firstName Trek,   App.person  App.Person.create   firstName undefined   console.logApp.person.getfirstName  codepre  pThis code will output strongundefinedstrong, but I want somehow to intercept setting of property and if it sets to strongundefinedstrong keep default value strongTrekstrong unchanged.p  pember1.0.0p
Negative 387 pIn the phpMyAdmin config file etcphpmyadmnconfig.inc.phpp  pI have the settingsp  precodecfg[MaxRows]          200 cfg[UploadDir]         cfg[SaveDir]           cfg[ExecTimeLimit]        0   cfg[MemoryLimit]      0 cfg[ThemeDefault]         original cfg[LoginCookieValidity]  3600243         Set timeout to 3 days codepre  pwhich should set my session to stay open 3 days, but instead it goes out every 20 minutes.  This is so frustrating when doing DB syncing and maint, as the session times out many times before you can finish writing the query you need, so have to always create it in a scratch pad and try keeping the session refreshed.p  pIve lost so much data and hand entering it again over and over is just insanep  pSomething has to be overriding what values Ive given it.  I started at just 2 hours and kept increasing, but nothing at all effects this.p
Negative 387 pIm having an issue w a WinForms app I built several months ago.  I opened it yesterday for the first time in a few months, and Im unable to click on any of the controls in the form in Designer view.  If I doubleclick any of the controls on the page, it opens up code for the Load event of the form, as if I doubleclicked the form itself its as if the form is on top of all other controls maybe  All of the controls on the form are Telerik controls.  Ive been working on this project in VS 2010 since its inception.  I also tried opening it in VS 2012 this morning, but that didnt help.p  pIf I drag a new Telerik control to the form, it vanishes instantly, as if its buried under all of the other controls.  If I drag a nonTelerik control to the form such as a standard textbox, it appears fine, and that control will respond to clicks ie  the Properties window will populate w properties for that control.p  pAfter I noticed this issue yesterday, I reluctantly upgraded my Telerik WinForms controls to Q3 this morning, but that hasnt helped anything.p  pFor now, I was able to bypass the Designer view altogether, and I made changes via the Designer code class.  However, Ill be in trouble if I ever need to actually add a new Telerik control to this form.  Any help is appreciated.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to join a table to a subset of itself, and am having trouble. My input contains an ID and a date as followsp  precode 20131014 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c   20131015 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c   20131016 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c   20131017 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c   20131019 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c   20131021 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c codepre  pMy goal is to determine the last prior date seen for the same id for each date, such asp  precode     Date          ID                                 Last Date   20131021    eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c     20131019    20131019    eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c     20131017   etc. codepre  pUsing the following SQL, I get the output belowp  precodeselect a.Day,a.entity, b.Day from Visitor a     LEFT OUTER JOIN Visitor b  on a.entity  b.entity        and b.day lt a.day where b.day is not null   output   20131021 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c    20131014   20131021 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c    20131015   20131021 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c    20131017   20131021 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c    20131019   20131019 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c    20131014   20131019 eca02319d91421445f82d570960c5d0c    20131015 codepre  pWhat is required to get only a single record for each instance of a.day as well as process b.day in descending orderp  pThank you in advancep
Negative 387 pI am trying to save an object inheriting MKAnnotation class in NSUserDefualts. It is working fine in iOS 6 but crashing in iOS7. Here is the code for savingp  precode    ParkHereAnnotation  [[catAnnotation alloc] initWithCoordinateworkingCoordinate]     ParkHereAnnotation.title  Your Parked Here      ParkHereAnnotation.subtitle       ParkHereAnnotation.annotationType  location     ParkHereAnnotation.parkId  [[NSString alloc] initWithString1]     [ParkHereAnnotation setAnnotationTypelocation]     [userDefaults setObjectParkHereAnnotation forKeyParkingAnnotation]Crashing here in iOS7 but not in iOS6. codepre  pClass Headerp  pHeader Filep  precodeinterface catAnnotation  NSObject ltMKAnnotationgt      CLLocationCoordinate2D coordinate     NSString title     NSString subtitle     NSString parkId     enum MapAnnotationType annotationType   property nonatomic, assign CLLocationCoordinate2D coordinate property nonatomic, copy NSString title property nonatomic, copy NSString subtitle property nonatomic, assign enum MapAnnotationType annotationType property nonatomic,retain NSString parkId   end codepre  pImplementationp  precodeimplementation catAnnotation synthesize coordinate synthesize title synthesize subtitle synthesize annotationType synthesize parkId  id init      return self   id initWithCoordinateCLLocationCoordinate2DinCoord      coordinate  inCoord     return self   end codepre  pObject of class before setting is img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com3hd9p.png altenter image description herep  pstrongCrashstrong emem Terminating app due to uncaught exception NSInvalidArgumentException, reason strong [NSUserDefaults setObjectforKey] attempt to insert nonproperty list object  for key ParkingAnnotation strong First throw call stack 0x31576e8b 0x3b8716c7 0x31576dcd 0x31ea7c21 0x126613 0x12708f 0x126f45 0x33d3155f 0x33d314fb 0x33d314cb 0x33d1d0f3 0x33d398cd 0x33d30b0d 0x33d2bc09 0x33d00f59 0x33cff747 0x31541f27 0x315413ef 0x3153fbdf 0x314aa541 0x314aa323 0x361e12eb 0x33d611e5 0xf811d 0x3bd6aab7 libcabi.dylib terminating with uncaught exception of type NSExceptionp
Negative 387 pWhat is preferred style when referencing other objects in REDISp  pLets say I have an object with IDs like codemyobjtype123code, and I have a homogeneous list of such a objects. What is preferred style, should list contain IDs like codemyobjtype123code or rather code123codep
Negative 387 pI am new in ajax and I need a help. This is a script that populates second dropdownlist once first is selected. It works fine using GetStates action that gets data from database.p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt document.readyfunction       CountriyID.changefunction           var abbr  CountriyID.val          .ajax             url SetUpGetStates,             data  countryCode abbr ,             dataType json,             type POST,             error function                   alertAn error occurred.             ,             success function data                  var items                   .eachdata, function i, item                      items  ltoption value  item.Value  gt  item.Text  ltoptiongt                                   StateID.htmlitems                              ltscriptgt codepre  pHere is the view that I am working onp  precodeusing Html.BeginFormIndex, SetUp, FormMethod.Post      ltform action methodpostgt         ltinput typesubmit nameactionAddCity valueAdd gt     ltformgt     ltdiv classeditorfieldgtHtml.DropDownListFormodel gt model.CountriyID, new SelectListModel.Countries, ID, Textltdivgt      ltdiv classeditorfieldgtHtml.DropDownListFormodel gt model.StateID, new SelectListModel.States, ID, Textltdivgt  codepre  pIf I need to add a City I click on a submit button and it goes to correct action. The problem happened when I populate dropdownlist. After population, the City button do not respond anymore.  It looks like the url get stack at SetUpGetStates and I cannot do any actions anymore on my form.p  pPlease Let me know what am I doing wrong and where to take a look Thanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pfirst time posting here. I have searched high and low to figure out a way to do this, but I either dont understand how to apply existing answers to my code.p  pWhat I am trying to do is this I want to take user input a year, make sure its between a range of years, and then if it is, concatenate it with an existing string as a variable.p  pThe result of this code is that I get through and give all the necessary inputs, and then it fails with fullInstr  strcp r mntdataarchive fquery   yquerymquerydqueryhquery     outl2 TypeError cannot concatenate str and int objectsp  precodeimport os import sys  os.systemclear overW  str0  outf  strautocopy.sh  Output file full path and file name if os.path.isfileautocopy.sh   overW  rawinputThis will overwrite the previous version. Do you want to continue yn   os.systemclear else  os.systemclear  if overW  y  os.systemclear  sys.exitNo changes made.nn else  os.systemclear    Could also prompt for output file name, depending on how armyproof this needs to be.  finishMessage  Finished.  outl  str0  Copyto location outl2  str0  Modified Copyto location fquery  str0  A or B location variable yquery  int0  Year variable mquery  int0  Month variable dquery  int0  Day variable hquery  str0  Hour variable mh1  int0  Modified starting hour after transformation mh2  int0  Modified ending hour after transformation mpath  str0  makes path if needed fullInstr  str0  Full command set to write to file formatList  [A, B] yearList  listrange2000,2099 monthList  [01][12]   hquery is going to have to parse for ranges   Instruction header print Builds a script to automatically copy folders and files from the storage array to a location of your choosing.n print Valid inputs for the questions below are numeric. print Year would be the full year, i.e. 2013 print Month is the twodigit month, i.e. 10 print Day is the twodigit day, i.e. 22 print Hour or hour range is just the first two digits of the hours you want to copy. i.e. 15 or 0023nn  outl  rawinputWhere do you want to copy the files to Type the full path  while not os.path.existsoutl  mpath  rawinput nThat path doesnt exist on this system. Do you want to create it yn   if mpath  y   outl  rawinputWhere do you want to copy the files to Type a valid path   else   os.mkdiroutl   print n  if not outl.endswith  outl2  outl    fquery  rawinputDo you want to copy A or B  while notfquery in formatList  print nInvalid input. You have to choose one of the two as printed above.  fquery  rawinputnDo you want to copy A or B   print n  yquery  intrawinputWhat year  while yquery not in yearList  print nInvalid input. You have to choose a year in this century.  yquery  intrawinputnWhat year   print n  mquery  rawinputWhat day    Valid months are 01 to 12  dquery  rawinputWhat day    Valid days are 01 to 31 hquery  rawinputWhat hour or hour range    if input is greater than two characters is must contain a  character   if is not 0023, separate first and last numbers and write a line for each. If it isnt a range, dont transform it.  os.systemtouch   outf   if no error keep going  fullInstr  strcp r mntdataarchive fquery   yquerymquerydqueryhquery     outl2  os.systemecho fullInstr gt autocopy.sh   os.systemchmod ux outf  Makes the output file executable   if error  0 set finishMessage to print Your shell script is complete and is ready to run. Run it by typing .  outf   if error is ltgt 0 set finishMessage to print Wasnt able to make the output file executable automatically. Use chmod to modify the file permissions manually on the file outf  os.systemclear  print finishMessagenn codepre  pStuff that is commented out is either not working or not implemented yet. I know the code quality is probably not the best, but this is my first time coding to do something I require. I have tried a lot of things like yquery  stryquery or just changing the fullInstr string to have stryquery in it and I can not get it to work. I am becoming frustrated.p
Negative 387 pI run this function on my asp.net websitep  precodeprivate static DataTable GetDatastring query      string strConnString  SERVERlocalhostDATABASEdatabaseUIDrootPASSWORD123456789     using SqlConnection con  new SqlConnectionstrConnString              using SqlCommand cmd  new SqlCommand                      cmd.CommandText  query             using SqlDataAdapter sda  new SqlDataAdapter                              cmd.Connection  con                 sda.SelectCommand  cmd                 using DataSet ds  new DataSet                                      DataTable dt  new DataTable                     sda.Filldt                     return dt                                              codepre  pWith this queryp  precodeselect  from Client where id customerId  codepre  pAnd i get this Exceptionp  precodeSystem.Data.SqlClient.SqlException A networkrelated or instancespecific error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow remote connections. provider Named Pipes Provider, error 40  Could not open a connection to SQL Server codepre  pAny idea what can fix thisp
Negative 387 pHopefully a basic question, as Im a bit lost where to begin.p  pPretend we have this string in JSp  pvar foo  strongYes, today hello vcc toomanyhashtags test we went to the park and dancedstrongp  pHow would I go about dynamically finding the character  and removing everything after until it hits a space emor in the instance of strongteststrong, until the string endsemp  pie. So the above string would readp  pvar foo  strongYes, today we went to the park and danced strongp  pI had the concept to loop through the entire strings characters and codeifcode the character  , delete characters until the current loops item   . Is there a shorter way to do thisp  h2Preliminary Concepth2  precodevar foo  Hello, this is my test test hello var stripHashtags  functionx      for i0 i lt x.length i          if x[i]                console.logx[i]                stripHashtagsfoo codepre
Negative 387 pIm using bootstrap and joomla 3 to build a template a hrefhttplucapadovani.comtesebeta relnofollowhttplucapadovani.comtesebetaa and having some issues with 2 responsive navbars when I click on the toggle buttons the menus simply do not open. I guess there might be some kind of conflict between joomla bootstrap.framework and other js related stuff, but all of this is quite new for me, so Im not sure how to solve the problem. Any help Thx. p  h2Index.phph2  precodeltphp definedJEXEC or die     Add JavaScript Frameworks   JHtmlbootstrap.framework     Load optional Bootstrap bugfixes   JHtmlBootstraploadCssincludeMaincss  true     Check homepage   defaultMenu  JFactorygetApplicationgtgetMenugtgetDefaultgtid   currentMenu  JFactorygetApplicationgtgetMenugtgetActivegtid    ifdefaultMenu  currentMenu       bodyId  idhome       homePage  true    else      bodyId         homePage  false         Logo file or site title param   if thisgtparamsgtgetlogoFile        logo  ltimg src. JURIroot . thisgtparamsgtgetlogoFile . alt Tese  gt     gt   ltdoctype htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta charsetutf8gt ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1.0gt  lt Include optional regions in the template gt ltphp  thisgtscripts  array gt  ltjdocinclude typehead gt  lt HTML5 shim and Respond.js IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries gt     lt[if lt IE 9]gt       ltscript srcltphp echo thisgtbaseurl gtmediajuijshtml5.jsgtltscriptgt     lt[endif]gt  lt Stylesheets listed below  ltlink relstylesheet hrefltphp echo thisgtbaseurl gttemplatessystemcsssystem.css typetextcss gt ltlink relstylesheet hrefltphp echo thisgtbaseurl gttemplatessystemcssgeneral.css typetextcss gtgt    lt Bootstrap styling gt ltlink hrefltphp echo thisgtbaseurl gttemplatesltphp echo thisgttemplate gtcssbootstrap.css relstylesheet mediascreengt ltlink hrefltphp echo thisgtbaseurl gttemplatesltphp echo thisgttemplate gtcsscustom.css relstylesheet mediascreengt  ltphp    Header color   if thisgtparamsgtgetheaderColor      gt    ltstyle typetextcssgt     header       backgroundltphp echo thisgtparamsgtgetheaderColorgt          ltstylegt    ltphp    gt  ltphp    Top menu activeitem color   if thisgtparamsgtgettopColor      gt    ltstyle typetextcssgt     .topheader .navbarinverse .nav .activegta,     .topheader .navbarinverse .nav .activegtahover,     .topheader .navbarinverse .nav .activegtafocus        backgroundcolorltphp echo thisgtparamsgtgettopColorgt        ltstylegt    ltphp    gt  ltphp    Menu color   if thisgtparamsgtgetmenuColor      gt    ltstyle typetextcssgt     mainnav.navbarinverse .nav .activegta,     mainnav.navbarinverse .nav .activegta,     mainnav.navbarinverse .nav .activegta        backgroundcolorltphp echo thisgtparamsgtgetmenuColorgt        ltstylegt    ltphp    gt    ltscript srcltphp echo thisgtbaseurl gttemplatesltphp echo thisgttemplate gtjsrespond.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt  ltbodygt ltdiv classcontainer allgtltPage containergt  ltTopgt ltdiv classrow topheadergt     ltdiv classcolsm12gt           ltnav classnavbar navbarinverse rolenavigation idtopnavgt             ltdiv classnavbarheadergt                 ltbutton typebutton classnavbartoggle datatogglecollapse datatarget.navbarex1collapsegt                 ltspan classsronlygtToggle navigationltspangt                 ltspan classiconbargtltspangt                 ltspan classiconbargtltspangt                 ltspan classiconbargtltspangt                 ltbuttongt                 lta classnavbarbrand visiblexs hrefgtTeseltagt             ltdivgt          lt Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling gt             ltdiv classcollapse navbarcollapse navbarex1collapsegt                 ltjdocinclude typemodules nametopmenu stylehtml5 gt                 ltul classnav navbarnav navbarrightgt                     ltligtltjdocinclude typemodules namesocialnetworks stylehtml5 gtltligt                     ltligtltjdocinclude typemodules namesearch stylehtml5 gtltligt                 ltulgt             ltdivgt         ltnavgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt lttopgt  ltHeadergt ltheader classrowgt     ltdiv classcolsm3 logogtltphp echo logogtltdivgt     ltdiv classcolsm7gt         ltnav classnavbar navbarinverse rolenavigation idmainnavgt         lt Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display gt             ltdiv classnavbarheadergt                 ltbutton typebutton classnavbartoggle datatogglecollapse datatarget.navbarex2collapsegt                 ltspan classsronlygtToggle navigationltspangt                 ltspan classiconbargtltspangt                 ltspan classiconbargtltspangt                 ltspan classiconbargtltspangt                 ltbuttongt                 lta classnavbarbrand visiblexs hrefgtMenultagt             ltdivgt             lt Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling gt             ltdiv classcollapse navbarcollapse navbarex2collapsegt               ltjdocinclude typemodules namemenu stylehtml5 gt             ltdivgtlt .navbarcollapse gt         ltnavgt       ltdivgt   ltdiv classcolsm2gt       ltjdocinclude typemodules namejoin stylehtml5 gt     ltdivgt ltheadergt ltheadergt   ltHomeonly layoutgt ltphp ifhomePage  true gt     ltdiv classrowgt         ltdiv classcolsm12gtltjdocinclude typemodules namebanner stylehtml5 gtltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classrow idareasgt         ltdiv classcolsm12gtltjdocinclude typemodules namebuttons stylehtml5 gtltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classrow idintrogt         ltdiv classcolsm12gtltjdocinclude typemodules nameabout stylehtml5 gtltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classrow idnewsgt         ltdiv classcolsm12gtltjdocinclude typemodules namecontent1 stylehtml5 gtltdivgt         ltdiv classcolsm12gtltjdocinclude typecomponent gtltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classrow idpartnersgt         ltdiv classcolsm12gtltjdocinclude typemodules namepartners stylehtml5 gtltdivgt     ltdivgt lt endif gt  lthomeonly layoutgt  ltPage layoutgt ltphp ifhomePage  false gt      ltdiv classcolsm3 pullrightgt         ltjdocinclude typemodules namebreadcrumb stylehtml5 gt     ltdivgt   lt W module right 2 columns layout gt   ltphp if thisgtcountModulesright gt     ltdiv classrowgt         ltdiv classcolsm9 idmaingt           ltjdocinclude typemodules namecontent1 stylehtml5 gt           ltjdocinclude typecomponent gt             ltjdocinclude typemodules namecontent2 stylehtml5 gt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classcolsm3 idsidebargt           ltjdocinclude typemodules nameright stylehtml5 gt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     lt Else 1 column layout gt     ltphp else  gt     ltdiv classcolsm9gt         ltjdocinclude typemodules namecontent1 stylehtml5 gt         ltjdocinclude typecomponent gt         ltjdocinclude typemodules namecontent2 stylehtml5 gt     ltdivgt     lt endif gt  lt endif gt ltpage layoutgt  ltFootergt ltfooter classrowgt   ltdiv classcolsm9gtltjdocinclude typemodules namefooter1 stylehtml5 gtltdivgt   ltdiv classcolsm3gtltjdocinclude typemodules namefooter2 stylehtml5 gtltdivgt ltfootergt ltfootergt   ltdivgtltpage containergt  ltltscript srcltphp echo thisgtbaseurl gttemplatesltphp echo thisgttemplate gtjsjquery.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcltphp echo thisgtbaseurl gttemplatesltphp echo thisgttemplate gtjsbootstrap.jsgtltscriptgtgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 387 pWe are building an android application, however this application have to make sure that there is a directory tree and some files in the SD or internal storage.p  pI think maybe I can package these files and then extract them to the user device.br However I have two problemsp  p1 Where to put the files The codeassetcode or the coderawcode folderp  p2 Where to do the check job Inside the activity Is it necessary to create a codeApplicationcode object for my application and do this jobp  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pSo far i did this stepsp  precodea  Department.find2  b  a.employees codepre  pThen i getp  precodeltActiveRecordAssociationsCollectionProxy [ltEmployee id 4, username humo  era, passworddigest 2a10wTDZnPCPdqbxF0.rg4GSD.4ez7IMAEKVNMBweNyb2rW...,.. codepre  pNext i calledp  precodeb.iskindofArray gt false codepre  pso how you see i dont get an array My question is how can i get all of the employees codeusernamescode in a array Thanksp
Negative 387 pI am trying to train my own classifier in order to use in my Java application  using JavaCV. So, I collect positive, cropped images and put them in the .positiveimages directory of the cloned repository following the tutorial a hrefhttpcodingrobin.de20130722trainyourownopencvhaarclassifier.html relnofollowhttpcodingrobin.de20130722trainyourownopencvhaarclassifier.htmla. Then I try to run the following commandp  precodefind .positiveimages iname .jpg gt positives.txt codepre  pand that returns access denied  .positiveimages File not found  inamep  pThe folder has full permissions.p  pDo anyone know what is the problemp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI am using a repeater field to show products on a page. Some of these require a PDF download link and some dont. I need to be able to show the Download PDF link only when a PDF has been uploaded to the file upload repeater child field.p  pHeres what Im working with so farp  precodeltphp              rows  getfieldartworkexample             ifrows                  foreachrows as row                      echo ltdiv classartworkcontentgtltimg src, row[image]                     echo gtltdiv classrightgtlth2gt, row[title]                     echo lth2gtltpgt, row[text]                     echo ltpgt                     if  getsubfielduploadpdf  echo ltpgtlta classdownload href, row[uploadpdf]                     if  getsubfielduploadpdf  echo gtDownload PDFltagtltpgtltdivgtltdivgt                 gt codepre  pAny help appreciated, thanksp
Negative 387 pWhen using code.keydowncode I can capture keydown event, then check and prevent default action display the character.p  pWhen using code.keyupcode I cannotp  pI know the event is being captured as codealertcode fires when the code is inside the condition yet the codepreventDefaultcode doesnt prevent the action.p  pHere is a full a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netzbsWL relnofollowDEMOap
Negative 387 pI try to connect my entity framework in MySQL database but when i connect this error happenp  blockquote   pNo Entity Framework provider found for the ADO.NET provider with invariant name MySql.Data.MySqlClient. Make sure the provider is registered in the entityFramework section of the application config file. See a hrefhttpgo.microsoft.comfwlinkLinkId260882 relnofollowhttpgo.microsoft.comfwlinkLinkId260882a for more information.p blockquote  pThis is my appConfig for my class library whit entityp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltconfigurationgt ltconfigSectionsgt lt For more information on Entity Framework configuration, visit httpgo.microsoft.comfwlinkLinkID237468 gt  ltsection nameentityFramework typeSystem.Data.Entity.Internal.ConfigFile.EntityFrameworkSection, EntityFramework, Version6.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089 requirePermissionfalse gt ltconfigSectionsgt ltconnectionStringsgt ltadd nameportallentesContext connectionStringserverUser IdpasswordPersist Security InfoTruedatabaseportallentes   providerNameMySql.Data.MySqlClient gt ltconnectionStringsgt ltsystem.datagt ltDbProviderFactoriesgt   ltremove invariantMySql.Data.MySqlClient gt   ltadd nameMySQL Data Provider invariantMySql.Data.MySqlClient description.Net Framework Data Provider for MySQL typeMySql.Data.MySqlClient.MySqlClientFactory, MySql.Data, Version6.6.4.0 gt ltDbProviderFactoriesgt ltsystem.datagt  ltentityFrameworkgt ltprovidersgt   ltprovider invariantNameMySql.Data.MySqlClient typeMySql.Data.MySqlClient.MySqlClientFactory, MySql.Data, Version6.6.4.0 gt   ltprovidergt ltprovidersgt ltentityFrameworkgt ltconfigurationgt codepre
Negative 387 pWhy does this not work I get a E2511 Type parameter T must be a class typep  precodetype   IBaseProviderltTgt  Interface     function GetAll TObjectListltTgt   end  type   TCar  classTInterfacedPersistent, IBaseProviderltTVehiclegt     function GetAll TObjectListltTVehiclegt   end  implementation  function TCar.GetAll TObjectListltTVehiclegt begin    do something with Objectlist   Result  ObjectList end codepre
Negative 387 pIs this possible an correct to have more than one element on a page marked with coderolemaincode attributep  pThere is a page with search results divided into portions. Portions are similar to pages, but a new portion appears on a page when more data came with AJAX.p  pI would like users of JAWS and so on understand the structure of the document and provide them with information that there is a search result page in front of them and it is divided into portions.p  pThis markup is pronounced by JAWS exactly as I wishp  precodeltdiv classmain rolemain arialabelSearch resultsgt      ltdiv classmainportion rolemain arialabelPage 1gt         lta hrefgtLink 1ltagtltbrgt         lta hrefgtLink 2ltagt     ltdivgt      ltdiv classmainportion rolemain arialabelPage 2gt         lta hrefgtLink 1ltagtltbrgt         lta hrefgtLink 2ltagt     ltdivgt  ltdivgt codepre  pBut is looks overheaddy to mark every single portion with coderolemaincode. Which role suits better And the requirement is that JAWS has to read Search results page 1 when focusing on the first link.p
Negative 387 pI am creating a menu bar at the moment which uses 2 images designed in Photoshop , one image is normal and one image is on hover effect.p  pI have seen that I can use both css and JQuery to create the hover effect, I find CSS much easier to use for example p  precodeimage  backgroundimageurl ..   imagehover  backgroundimageurl ... codepre  pon hover just change the image whereas the jquery code is a little bit longer I believep  pIf anyone of you could tell me the different between using CSS and JQuery in this case and what would be the JQuery code of doing the same thing that I have done above using CSS .p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pI have installed javascript beautifier by following this a hrefhttpsgithub.comcancerhermitSublimeJSBeautifier relnofollowhttpsgithub.comcancerhermitSublimeJSBeautifierap  pNow when I right click in the javascript file, I see Javascript Beautify option. But its always disabled. Will appreciate some help here.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pI was wondering if anyone knows how to write a SELECT statement for SQLite to get all names from, lets say a teacher column, but only once. So lets say in the teacher column...Mr. Smith shows up several times, mrs. Jones shows up several times, how can I get a list of all the teachers names, but only once  Not lots of objects of the same name.p
Negative 387 pI want to display email as html if client dont support for html it shud show mail as textplain. I have written code but not sure can anybody check it how to check for multicontent and multi mimetype here.p  precodemailMessage.IsBodyHtml  true mailMessage.From  new MailAddressfrom  foreach string adress in to      mailMessage.To.Addadress   string path  string.Empty  var htmlView  AlternateView.CreateAlternateViewFromStringmailMessage.Body, null, texthtml codepre
Negative 387 pive written a thriftdefinition, and used this defintion to serialize multiple records in one file ive added the size of the whole record at the beginning of each record. That is in short what I have done.p  precodeboostsharedptrltapachethrifttransportTMemoryBuffergt transportnew apachethrifttransportTMemoryBuffer boostsharedptrltapachethriftprotocolTBinaryProtocolgt protocolnew apachethriftprotocolTBinaryProtocoltransport  myClassgtwriteprotocol.get  const stdstring amp datatransportgtgetBufferAsString codepre  pAfterwards i just print the string data in binary mode. Now I want to deserialize this file again. I wouldnt have any problem if there was only on record in the file, unfortunately I have to print multiple files, so I guess I have to work with offset based on the size i saved in the file along with the record itself. However, I cant seem to find any example I can use to achieve my goals, and the official documentation is quite lacking. Has anyone any tipps for me. If Im missing some information, just ask.p  pFurther Informationsp  pOf course I want to use use thrift to deserialize. However, one file can contain multiple records. For example Imagine I have defined a struct in a thriftdefinition file that contains carInformation. Now I serialize multiple carstructs in one output file. Serializing is no problem as i just append the data. If i want to deserialize however, I have to know where one record starts, and the next begins. That is my problem. I dont know how to tell thrift where one record begins and ends. Ive searched the internet, but cant seem to find an example for c i got one for python so far, but am not able to translate it to c. The structure of one file can be described as followed [lenghtofrecord1][record1][lengthofrecord2][record2][...]p  pThanks in Advancep  pMichaelp
Negative 387 pdo you know how can we create our map and show the ways from a certain locations to destinations  Without using google map , just using a picture of a map , is there any way to draw routes on itI am not asking projects or codes , just need some suggestions related to drawings and considering the obstacles in the way Thank youp
Negative 387 pI searched a bit and I found some info on how to call java code from database trigger but none about the opposite. Isnt it possible to call a trigger from a java method After inserting to one table Table1, I need to create several rows to another table Table2 from a select on the first one. I built the trigger but if I make it to execute after insert on the first table I get an errorp  precodeORA04091 table Table1 is mutating, triggerfunction may not see it ORA06512....  codepre  pI am working on an ADF application, and as Table1Table2 have a master detail relationship, maybe it doesnt allow inserting rows this way. That is why I thought that calling the trigger through a button may solve my problem. Any ideap  pstrongTriggerstrongp  precodeCREATE OR REPLACE TRIGGER Table2 AFTER INSERT ON Table1 REFERENCING NEW AS NEW OLD AS OLD FOR EACH ROW  BEGIN insert into Table2  Select col1,col2... from Table1  END codepre
Negative 387 pDisclaimer this is for a homework question. Not asking for a full solution to the program I am writing, just asking for better understanding of what is happening. Thanks in advance. p  pThe provided function is reading from a file that looks like this.p  precodefoobar foobar codepre  pAnd  I would like to modify the function to read from a file that looks likep  precodefoobarfoobar foobarfoobar codepre  pThe provided function looks likep  precodevoid EntryListloadfileconst char filefoo[]      ifstream        in     char            foo[MAXCHAR]     char            bar[MAXCHAR]     AddressEntry    anEntry          in.open filefoo     ifin              in.clear         cerr ltlt endl ltlt Fail to open  ltlt filefoo ltlt  for input ltlt endl ltlt endl         exit1              in.getfoo, MAXCHAR,      while in.eof              in.get                       remove field seperator                      in.getbar, MAXCHAR, n         in.ignore100, n               remove record seperator n            anEntry.setfoofoo         anEntry.setbarbar              addEntryanEntry            in.getfoo, MAXCHAR,              start the next record          in.close  codepre  pThe function that I modified looks like p  precodevoid EntryListloadfileconst char fileName[]      ifstream        in     char            foo[MAXCHAR]     char            bar[MAXCHAR]     char            foobar[MAXCHAR]     TaskList        theEntry         in.openfileName     if in          in.clear         cerr ltlt endl         ltlt Failed to open          ltlt fileName         ltlt  for input ltlt endl ltlt endl         exit1              in.getfoo, MAXCHAR,      while in.eof              in.get  rm          in.getbar, MAXCHAR,          in.getfoobar, MAXCHAR, n  rm n         in.ignore100, n             theEntry.setfoofoo         theEntry.setbarbar         theEntry.setfoobarfoobar           addEntrytheEntry           in.getfoo, MAXCHAR,                 in.close    codepre  pI am in the middle of rewriting this program for at least the 4 time. and I have modified the file how I humanly think I should to this. I have had issues in the past, doing it this way. still working on the other parts of the program so I cannot be too specific right now, but I know my results were unexpected  So my question is does the function that I modified look correct for what I am trying to do Am I off by one I guess I am struggling with understanding how the original function is working. step by step systematically. hence my confusion about my modified function.p  pI can also provide any other functions you would like to take look at, my setters and getters. Also if you have any questions or feedback I would appreciate it greatly. p
Negative 387 pC I have 2 classes. 1 is called Employee. The other is my main. I am trying to take a list and assign each value in list to an array of Employee object.p  precodeInside Main class int counter  NameList.Count          Employee[] employee  new Employee[counter]          for int i  0 i lt counter i                      employee[i].Name  NameList[i]             employee[i].EmpNumber  EmpNumList[i]             employee[i].DateOfHire  DOHList[i]             employee[i].Salary  SalaryList[i]             employee[i].JobDescription  JobDescList[i]             employee[i].Department  DeptList[i]          codepre  pThis returns the errorp  pAn unhandled exception of type System.NullReferenceException occurred in Pgm4.exe Additional information Object reference not set to an instance of an object.p  pI think this means that I am not calling the list properly. Any help would be much appreciated. Thank you.p
Negative 387 pThis is my .xsd file p  precodeltxsschema xmlnsxshttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemagt ltxselement namePerson typePersonTypegt     ltxscomplexType namePersonTypegt          ltxssequencegt             ltxselement nameName typexsstringgt             ltxselement nameAddress typeAddressType minOccurs1 maxOccursunboundedgt         ltxssequencegt     ltxscomplexTypegt      ltxscomplexType nameAddressTypegt          ltxssequencegt             ltxselement nameNumber typexsunsignedIntgt             ltxselement nameStreet typexsstringgt         ltxssequencegt     ltxscomplexTypegt codepre  pp  pusing this XSD file I Generated this class p  precodepackage demo5  import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.List import javax.xml.bind.annotation.XmlAccessType import javax.xml.bind.annotation.XmlAccessorType import javax.xml.bind.annotation.XmlElement import javax.xml.bind.annotation.XmlType  XmlAccessorTypeXmlAccessType.FIELD XmlTypename  PersonType, propOrder     name,   address  public class PersonType   XmlElementname  Name, required  true protected String name XmlElementname  Address, required  true protected ListltAddressTypegt address  public String getName      return name   public void setNameString value      this.name  value  public ListltAddressTypegt getAddress      if address  null          address  new ArrayListltAddressTypegt          return this.address    codepre  pbut XSD file does not generates the XMLRootElement in the java file. any one can give a solution for this. I know  can generate the root element but this does not work.p
Negative 387 pI currently have this setup p  precodeclass PostValidations          protected mysqli         protected URI         public POST         public function construct             thisgtSQL  new mysqli             thisgtURI  SERVER[SERVERNAME].SERVER[REQUESTURI]                  public function Register             printrthisgtPOST                  public function RenderFormsFormID       switch intFormID             case 192                 thisgtRegister                 echo Register Form                 break             default                 echo NOT FOUND                  codepre  pwith p  precode   Test  new SmartyViews         if issetPOST         if inarrayFormID,params             FormSearch  arraysearchFormID,params                  Form  new PostValidations         foreach params AS Keys gt Values             if Values  FormID                 FormgtRenderFormsparams[Keys]                 echo params[Keys]                 break                            TestgtDisplayPageparams[0] codepre  pIm getting this display img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comU3t3Z.png altNot passing p  pWith the correct case with explicit type juggling, its displaying the default option with the Switch function, i cannot see where im going wrong, so im wondering if someone can spot the problem and explain whyp  hr  pNew Updatep  pThe new Index page a hrefhttppastebin.comkjPY7bFf relnofollowhttppastebin.comkjPY7bFfap  pThe new Libs.inc.php a hrefhttppastebin.comYQzWVqSW relnofollowhttppastebin.comYQzWVqSWap  pThe New Post.Valid.php a hrefhttppastebin.com5wFbjSqu relnofollowhttppastebin.com5wFbjSquap  pWith all this being updated, I can sucessfully say I do reach p  precodeFormValidationgtFormIDParameters[FormKey] codepre  pWhich this method is set to echo out the FormID which is passed first, which outputs at strong192strongp  pThe if statement in FormID is set to echo out yay if FormID is equal to 192, which judging by the echo, it is p
Negative 387 pIve seen this on youtube a hrefhttpyoutu.bevHuDvxkwzpI relnofollowhttpyoutu.bevHuDvxkwzpIa. I need to replicate something like this inside an app on ios or inside a website, that can be consulted on mobile devices or put into a webapp schema.  In other words, i need to implement this and allow the user to see it on his cell phone or tablet. Some ideasp
Negative 387 pIm a newbie with android development, but not really with Java.p  pWhat I dont understand is why a method I define in the Button must to take codeViewcode as a paremeter.p  pFor example..p  pin  XML p  precodeltButton         androidididbutton1         etc..         etc..         androidonClickdisplayText gt  codepre  pAs can be seen, this is the onClick method.  When Im writing Java code the method codedisplayTextcode will be defined like sop  precodepublic void displayTextView view         TextView myTextView  TextViewfindViewByIdR.id.textView1         myTextView.setVisibilityView.VISIBLE      codepre  pWhen everything works fine, the text I have originally hidden, will be displayed via a simple click of a button.p  pWhen I remove the parameters codeView viewcode from this method, the app crashes when I try to click the button.p  pI fail to understand why. p  pIm not necessarily doing anything with the codeviewcode in the parameter.  In non android development I could use the codeviewcode that is in the parameter and do things with it.. but I dont see that Im doing anything WITH this parameter.. so why is it required in this methodp
Negative 387 pI am a proficient programmer in C, and recently I decided to try and use Actionscript to make a small flash game.I have been having some trouble getting started. Im not sure what classes should link to what MovieClips and vice versa The problem is that with the code below, my DeerCartoon MovieClip does not appear on the stage when I run it.p  pAnyways, All Im trying to do is create a Deer object and have it appear on my stage when I instantiate it.p  pHeres my codep  pDeer.Asp  precodepackage      import flash.display.      public class Deer extends MovieClip              public function Deer                      ctor                codepre  pMain.Asp  precodepackage       import flash.display.      public class Main extends DeerMassacre2              public function Main                      var dDeer  new Deer             addChildd                 codepre  pThe name of the actionscript program is DeerMassacre2 the name of my gamep  pI have no code in the timeline and nothign on the stage yet. p  pCould someone please help me out p  pThanks in Advancep
Negative 387 pthe icon can not be shown properly in Palette, just a red dot. when I run the example to develop my own options for Palette  the code belowp  precodeImageDescriptor descriptor                         ImageDescriptor.createFromFile                            PracticeEditor.class,                            iconsarrow.gif  PaletteDrawer drawer  new PaletteDrawerExample         ToolEntry tool  new SelectionToolEntry          List entries  new ArrayList                  tool  new CombinedTemplateCreationEntryNode, Create a new Node, Node.class, new SimpleFactory                 Node.class, descriptor, descriptor         entries.addtool codepre  pthey did not show the icon properly, just a red dot. Any ideas Many thanks in advancep
Negative 387 pi want to use some of this Creative Link Effects inside my Webside  a hrefhttptympanus.netcodrops20130806creativelinkeffects relnofollowhttptympanus.netcodrops20130806creativelinkeffectsap  pThe modernizer.js i allready placed inside the header.phpp  pHow do i add the datahover inside the Menu items.p  pActually the menu looks in this wayp  precodeltul classmenu idmenuinformationenausgt ltli classmenuitem menuitemtypecustom menuitemobjectcustom menuitem39 idmenuitem39gtlta hrefhttpwww.example.de targetblankgtNachrichtenltagtltligt ltli classmenuitem menuitemtypecustom menuitemobjectcustom menuitem40 idmenuitem40gtlta hrefhttpwww.example.decomponentoption,comeventlistItemid,180 targetblankgtVeranstaltungenltagtltligt ltli classmenuitem menuitemtypecustom menuitemobjectcustom menuitem41 idmenuitem41gtlta hrefhttpwww.example.decontentview7881 targetblankgtVereineltagtltligt ltli classmenuitem menuitemtypecustom menuitemobjectcustom menuitem42 idmenuitem42gtlta hrefhttpwww.example.decontentblogsection546 targetblankgtBildungseinrichtungenltagtltligt ltli classmenuitem menuitemtypecustom menuitemobjectcustom menuitem43 idmenuitem43gtlta hrefhttpwww.example.decontentview10392gtStadtbibliothekltagtltligt codepre  pp
Negative 387 pI searched for instructions .it seems that the old version xcode actually have the shell tools choice after clicked add target, how mine is xcode 5.0.2.how to add shell tools target then Thanksp
Negative 387 pPlease help me with LDAP Authentication with Laravel4.p  pMy configuration below always return falsep  pI have my strongauth.phpstrong like this p  precodeltphp  return array     Default Authentication Driver    This option controls the authentication driver that will be utilized.  This driver manages the retrieval and authentication of the users  attempting to get access to protected areas of your application.   Supported database, eloquent    driver gt eloquent, driver gt ldap,     Authentication Model    When using the Eloquent authentication driver, we need to know which  Eloquent model should be used to retrieve your users. Of course, it  is often just the User model but you may use whatever you like.   usernamefield gt username,  model gt User,     Authentication Table    When using the Database authentication driver, we need to know which  table should be used to retrieve your users. We have chosen a basic  default value but you may easily change it to any table you like.    table gt users,     Password Reminder Settings    Here you may set the settings for password reminders, including a view  that should be used as your password reminder email. You will also  be able to set the name of the table that holds the reset tokens.   The expire time is the number of minutes that the reminder should be  considered valid. This security feature keeps tokens shortlived so  they have less time to be guessed. You may change this as needed.    reminder gt array      email gt emails.auth.reminder,      table gt passwordreminders,      expire gt 60,  ,   codepre  pand my strongappconfigadldap.phpstrong like this p  precodeltphp  return array     accountsuffix gt pusat.corp.pln.co.id, domaincontrollers gt arraydc01.pusat.corp.pln.co.id,pusat.corp.pln.co.id,  An array of domains may be provided for load balancing.  basedn gt DCpusat,DCcorp,DCpln,DCco,DCid,   realprimarygroup gt true,  Returns the primary group an educated guess.  usessl gt false,  If TLS is true this MUST be false.  usetls gt false,  If SSL is true this MUST be false.      recursivegroups gt true,   codepre  pstrongin routes.phpstrongp  precodeRoutepostlogin, function       passhash  Inputgetpassword     credentials   array         username gt Inputgetusername,         password gt Inputgetpassword            if a  Authattemptcredentials         return ltpregt . printrAuthuser, true     else         dda  codepre
Negative 387 pI have a collection in var like this p  precodevar temp  Collection.findnom lol.fetch codepre  pI change the id herep  precodeCollection2.inserttemp codepre  pIn mongoDB I have this p  precode     0          id 65462984521651 lt The id I have change        Some other data        ....       ,     id  dvhssdhvflidsfjhv  codepre  pHow can I insert the document in the root and not in 0  Thanks p
Negative 387 pI am trying to write a program , which does a codeforkcode and codeexeccode a child process and executes it in the back ground .p  pOne approach I would see is to redirect the output to codedevNULLcode file and come back to my main program . Any other ideas p
Negative 387 pi have few input buttons . I want to do the following things on response of ajax callp  precode1remove input button for that specific button that was clicked initially 2change background color input textbox from red to green 3change caption of edit box to try again if ajax call failed   codepre  pMy current code passes value to function correctly and ajax gets response back correctly but i just dont know how to do the above 3 things My goal is that user know that data changed correctly by make above three changes in inputboxes.  could any one show me how this can be done.Thanksp  pjavascript that get called by pressing inputbox buttonp  precodeltscriptgt function setNewValuea  var text  a var textboxvalue  text.val      var url  .edit.php     .posturl,          method post,         rowId a,         rowValue textboxvalue,      , functiondata                     var ajaxResponse  data          alertsuccessajaxResponse              ifajaxResponse.indexOfSuccessEditgt0                            remote the edit button                           else                            change caption of edit button to try again                             ltjavascriptgt codepre  pphp part that prints the inputboxes in html tablep  precodetable3.lttrgt  table3.lttdgt . row[ID] ..totalRows. lttdgt  table3.lttd bgcolorFF0000gtltinput typetext id . row[ID] . name. row[ID] . valuetyper here to editgtltbutton onclicksetNewValue.row[ID].gtEdit this Rowltbuttongtlttdgt  table3.lttdgt . row[imgPURL] . lttdgt  table3.lttdgt . row[imgUrl] . lttdgt  table3.lttdgt.line.lttdgt  echo lttrgt codepre
Negative 387 pSo Im trying to use pthreadcreate but Im getting p  precodeerror argument of type void servervoid does not match void void codepre  pThe class is defined as followsp  precodeclass server  public ALALModule    public   serverboostsharedptrltALALBrokergt pBroker, const stdstringamp pName   ....   void ThreadMainvoid arg                 codepre  pp  pAnd heres the function where Im calling pthread fromp  precodeint serverlisten   TCPServerSocket servSock6004 ...  for           clntSock  servSock.accept   ...   pthreadt threadID            pthreadcreateampthreadID, NULL, thisgtThreadMain,void  clntSock   ...     codepre  pHow do I cast ThreadMain from server to  p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pHow dio i make a div in joomla 3.0 stop pulishing after a specifik date   My code shows how i want to make my function to work.p  precodeltphp if div class isset MyDiv  stop publish after 20131212  gt lthtmlgt ltdiv classMyDivgt ltdivgt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 387 pI have read a lot around using Modal Dialogs for confirming submission  but I wanted to take another approach.p  pI want to have a button called Approve and when I click it, it slides out into another button that says Confirm. If I dont click it within 5 seconds or so, it goes back to Approve otherwise, if I click it in a good time, it executes an action.p  pHas anyone ever done this before As opposed to using popovers or modals or something, I actually want to change the button Approve to say Confirm and maybe color too... appropriate animations, etc.p  pIm fairly new to Bootstrap and jQuery.p  pThe closest Ive seen to what I want is Ladda a hrefhttpmsurguy.github.ioladdabootstrap relnofollowhttpmsurguy.github.ioladdabootstrapap  pAny help is greatly appreciatedp
Negative 387 pI have a xls file that contains Persian characters and I want to load it and save it to an existing database.p  pI have tried this to load the filep  precodeDim str As String  ProviderMicrosoft.ACE.OLEDB.12.0  Data Source  path  Extended PropertiesExcel 8.0 codepre  pBut now when I load it and save it to database Persian characters looks like a codecode sign.p  pBut the question is thisp  pWhen I load it in local or save some thing into the database from local there is no problem and all is OK but after publishing it to the server not only the rows imported from the xls file looks bad but also when I save some thing from a control like a textbox to the database the UTF8 characters are like codecode this too.p  pIs not the sql tables on Unicode by defaultp  pWhat is wrong herep  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pThis is how I save the loaded datas in databasep  precodeDim con As New OleDb.OleDbConnectionstr con.Open Dim ds As New OleDb.OleDbDataAdapterSelect  from [Sheet1], con Dim dt As New DataTable ds.Filldt Dim sqlconnection As SqlConnection Dim sqlcommand As String Dim sqlconnectionsrting As String  System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.ConnectionStringsIEEConnectionString.ConnectionString sqlconnection  New SqlConnectionsqlconnectionsrting sqlconnection.Open code  Convert.ToInt32dti.Item9.ToString Dim productType  Convert.ToInt32dti.Item11.ToString Dim name  dti.Item10 Dim date1  DateAndTime.Now Dim price  Convert.ToInt32dti.Item8.ToString Dim factory  dti.Item7 Dim type  dti.Item6.ToString Dim clearance  dti.Item5.ToString Dim weight  dti.Item4.ToString Dim perimeter  dti.Item3.ToString Dim dimension  dti.Item2.ToString Dim lenght  dti.Item1.ToString Dim thickness  dti.Item0.ToString sqlcommand  INSERT INTO Product ProductType,Name,Date,Code,Price,Factory,Type,Clearance,Weight,Perimeter,Dimension,Length,Thickness,IsShown VALUES   productType  ,  name  ,  date1  ,  code  ,  price  ,  factory  ,  type  ,  clearance  ,  weight  ,  perimeter  ,  dimension  ,  lenght  ,  thickness  ,false Dim command As New SqlCommandsqlcommand, sqlconnection command.ExecuteNonQuery con.Close codepre
Negative 387 pPlease have a look at the following code.p  pstrongFirstView.javastrongp  precodeimport android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.app.Fragment import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.View.OnClickListener import android.view.ViewGroup import android.widget.Button import android.widget.TextView  public class FirstView extends Fragment      private TextView firstText     private Button btn      public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container, Bundle savedInstanceState                View view  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentview1,container,false           firstText  TextViewview.findViewByIdR.id.viewOneText         btn  Buttonview.findViewByIdR.id.viewOneBtn          btn.setOnClickListenernew ButtonEvent         return view            private class ButtonEvent implements OnClickListener               Override         public void onClickView v               TODO Autogenerated method stub             new SecondView                  codepre  pstrongSecondView.javastrongp  precodeimport android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.app.Fragment import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.View.OnClickListener import android.view.ViewGroup import android.widget.Button import android.widget.TextView  public class SecondView extends Fragment      private TextView secondText     private Button secondViewBtn      public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container, Bundle savedInstanceState                View view  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentview2,container,false           secondText  TextViewview.findViewByIdR.id.secondViewText         secondViewBtn  Buttonview.findViewByIdR.id.secondViewBtn          secondViewBtn.setOnClickListenernew ButtonEvent         return view            private class ButtonEvent implements OnClickListener               Override         public void onClickView v               TODO Autogenerated method stub             secondText.setTextSecond View Text changed                  codepre  pstrongMainActivity.javastrongp  precodeimport android.os.Bundle import android.app.Activity import android.support.v4.app.Fragment import android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity import android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager import android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter import android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter import android.support.v4.view.ViewPager import android.view.Menu  public class MainActivity extends  FragmentActivity        private ViewPager viewPager     private MyAdapter pageAdapter     private static final int ITEMS  2      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain          viewPager  ViewPagerfindViewByIdR.id.pager         pageAdapter  new MyAdaptergetSupportFragmentManager         viewPager.setAdapterpageAdapter            Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.main, menu         return true           public static class MyAdapter extends FragmentPagerAdapter            public MyAdapterFragmentManager fragmentManager              superfragmentManager                   Override         public int getCount              return ITEMS                   Override         public Fragment getItemint position              ifposition0                              return new FirstView                          else                              return new SecondView                              codepre  pIn this code, when I click on the codeButtoncode in FirstView, I need to move to the SecondView. I tried with codeIntentscode but guess it is wrong. Currently this is having the Swipe function because of the codeViewPagercode, I need to this to move to the SecondView when the button is clicked, with the same swipe functionality.p  pHow can I do this Please help.p  pHow can I do this p
Negative 387 pI have run into interesting issue recently. I use in the project JPA  Hibernate  EJB. The issue concerns saving and deleting entities in the same transaction. Database table which is used has an unique constraint defined on two columns. p  pWhat I do is removing entity calling p  precodeentityManager.remove codepre  pthen the new entity is added with the same values in two properties associated with columns used in the unique constraint but different values in other properties usingp  precodeentityManager.persist codepre  pThose two operations are carried out in a single transaction and are executed in the order as presented above. Removal first, addition second. However it seems that the operations are executed in the inverted order as unique constraint is violated. It looks like the new entity is added before removing the previous one.p  pObviously, I can callp  precodeentityManager.flush codepre  pafter removal and then constraint is not violated. However in this case the data is saved to the database before the whole transaction commits. That is not a desirable behavior. If anything goes wrong after flush and transaction will be marked for rollback, the entity will be deleted anyway.p  pI thought that order of operations is the same as they were added to the transaction. From my example it turns out that it is not.p  pIs there any way to solve the issue without flushing or committing the transaction after deletep  pThank you. p
Negative 387 pSo me and my groupmates are trying to make a Markov Model that finds the probability of letter transitions in a text file. In the text file we have a group of words Steam, Teams, Meets, Teems, Eat, Ate, State, Tease, Test, Mast, Mates. In the code we have spaces added to the beginning of the first letter and after the last letter in each word. So the problem we are having is making a function that puts the letter transitions into separate dictionaries. For example all the e transitionsex e, ea...etc, the  is a space would go into a dictionary and then the t, s, a, and m. p  pThis is the code we have so farp  precodeimport random import re  inFile  openmarkov.txt,r file  inFile.read.lower inFile.close filere.sub[[az ],  , file  fileTupletuplefile.split fileListlistfileTuple fileStringfile   def addSpacesatuple     theString     for i in atuple         theStringtheString i      returntheString  printThe words in the text file,addSpacesfileTuple   fileDict    for i in fileList     fileDict[i]  printThis is a dictionary of the words in the text file with underscores as spaces,fileDict  def countTotalWordsatuple     count0     for i in atuple         countcount1     returncount  printTotal amount of words,countTotalWordsfileTuple  def findFirstLetteraDict     for i in aDict         aDict[i]i[02]     returnaDict  printThe first letters of each word in the file,findFirstLetterfileDict    valueListlistfileDict.values keyListlistfileDict.keys    def countFirstLettersalist     d     count  0     for character in alist         if character in d             d[character]  1         else             d[character]  1      return d  printTotal amount of occurences of each first letter,countFirstLettersvalueList  def countFirstLettersProbabilityalist     d     count  0     for character in alist         if character in d             d[character]  1countTotalWordsfileTuple         else             d[character]  1countTotalWordsfileTuple      return d   printProbility that each letter is the first in the word,countFirstLettersProbabilityvalueList   def countAllLettersalist     d     for word in alist         for char in word             if char in d                 d[char]  1             else                 d[char]  1      return d  printTotal amount of occurences of each letter,countFirstLettersfileString codepre
Negative 387 pwhy cant you retrieve text from EditText widget in Android even on android developer guide they game an example as if you can  a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comguidetopicsuidialogs.html relnofollowhttpdeveloper.android.comguidetopicsuidialogs.htmla  Is they actually ANY way at all Becasue I want to create a simple login dialog box and the programs has to check the logins the user has typed how can I do thisp
Negative 387 pSorry if I seem stupid for asking this but I want to reinforce my understanding and clear any misconceptions I have about user define functions.p  pCase I have two functions can be either void or int which I will call them function1 and function2.  I have them in a file that will be called by other programs. I have function1 as a void function called in another program and will keep being called until the program ends function2 will not run when function1 is running. p  pFunction2 must be executed by another programnot the same program for function1 calls for function2 function1 must not be running in this case. Function2 can be an int or void function.p  pI know that the standard procedure would to put them in order in my main function since this program will call main only. The main will run in the order of the functions placed e.g. function1 will run first then function2p  pegp  precodeincludeltstdio.hgt includeltstdlib.hgt  void function1.... int function2...  void function1intA,intB,struct.....    ...Conditions, loops, whatever    int function2  .......... returnsome value   codepre  pIn this part, I would have the main at the bottomp  precodeint mainint argc, char argv[]   function1 int A  A  function2 ....  codepre  pI thought that I would use if else conditions in main to make Case possible.p  pWould this sample code run exactly as I mentioned at the top under Case with if else conditions If not, what am I getting confused Example code in c would help very much as well with clear explanations. p  pPlease tell me if there is something confusing with my explanation or my question. I will try to make it clear.p
Negative 387 pI am new to Karaf.. p  pMy apache karaf container runs around 20 OSGi bundles. Things work properly most of the time, but at times when the services are not accessible, i open the karaf console, I see that some of the bundles are in Resolved state, which originally was in Active. What could probably cause a service in Active state to come down to Resolved state p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pI have a shipping form with autocomplete for the zipcode and country but I want to stop users from being able to submit a form when their input data isnt valid. p  precodefunction callPickupZipCurl  var zipval   pickupZipCode .val var type  zipCountryCode  autocomplete exampleinputpickupZipCode.autocomplete         minLength3,        source functionrequest, response             example.ajax              url ltphp echo gettemplatedirectoryuri gtsearchformcurldata.php,               dataType json,              data  zipval  zipval , typetype,              success functionresult                    responseresult                                                     ,          select function event, ui               example pickupZipCode .val ui.item.value              example postalhiddata .val ui.item.id              return false                            get zipcode field value              pickupZipCode .keyupfunction event                   var zipval   pickupZipCode .val                        if zipval.length gt 2                                              callPickupZipCurl                                                    get destination port value              destPort .keyupfunction event                   var desval   destPort .val                     if desval.length gt 2                                                  callDestinationCurl                                                         submit code      custformsubmit .clickfunction event            ifinputradio[nameshipment].ischecked              shipmentError.html                     else             shipmentError.html             shipmentError.html ampnbspEste campo es obligatorio.             return false                   ifinputradio[nameload].ischecked              loadError.html                     else             loadError.html             loadError.html ampnbspEste campo es obligatorio.             return false                   ifinputradio[nameload].ischecked              var loadval  inputradio[nameload]checked.val                 ifloadvallcl                         var lclweight   lclweight .val                         var lclvolume   lclvolume .val                          iflclweight                             lclweightError.html                             lclweightError.htmlampnbsp Obligatorio.                             lclweight.focus                             return false                          else  lclweightError.html                          iflclvolume                             lclvolumeError.html                             lclvolumeError.htmlampnbsp Obligatorio.                             lclvolume.focus                             return false                          else  lclvolumeError.html                                         ifinputradio[namepickup].ischecked              pickupError.html                     else             pickupError.html             pickupError.html ampnbspEste campo es obligatorio.             return false                     var postalnew   postalhiddata .val         var desnew   deshiddata .val         var postal   pickupZipCode .val         var choosePort   choosePort .val         var choosePortOther   choosePortOther .val         var des   destPort .val          var pickupval  inputradio[namepickup]checked.val         var loadval  inputradio[nameload]checked.val              ifpickupvalyes                     ifpostal                             zipError.html                             zipError.htmlEste campo es obligatorio.                             pickupZipCode.focus                             return false                      else zipError.html                            ifpickupvalno                  ifloadvallcl                     ifchoosePortOther                             zipError.html                             zipError.htmlEste campo es obligatorio.                             choosePortOther.focus                             return false                      else zipError.html                                   else                     ifchoosePort                             zipError.html                             zipError.htmlEste campo es obligatorio.                             choosePort.focus                             return false                      else zipError.html                                               ifdes                     desError.html                     desError.htmlEste campo es obligatorio.                     destPort.focus                     return false              else desError.html             var shipmentval  inputradio[nameshipment]checked.val         ifloadvalfcl              ifpickupvalno                 var postalnew   choosePort .val                              ifshipmentvalexport             www.odesk.com  Export             window.location  httpwww.icontainers.comvertarifasFCLpostalnewdesnew                          ifshipmentvalimport             www.odesk.com Import             window.location  httpwww.icontainers.comvertarifasFCLdesnewpostalnew                                   ifloadvallcl             var lclweight   lclweight .val             var lclvolume   lclvolume .val             var lclvolume  lclvolume.replace,,.                 ifpickupvalno                     var postalnew   choosePortOther .val                                ifshipmentvalexport             www.odesk.com Export             window.location  httpwww.icontainers.comvertarifasLCLpostalnewdesnewlclvolumelclweight                          ifshipmentvalimport             www.odesk.com Import             window.location  httpwww.icontainers.comvertarifasLCLdesnewpostalnewlclvolumelclweight                                                 return false       codepre  pRight now I have it so that, no input within the zip code or country forms gives an alert Este campo es obligatorio. p  pBut where the code is now, if you input random text into either of the forms and submit it will take you to a 404 page. p
Negative 387 pI have looked through the forum and have across some similar question but none of which have been of any aid.p  pSo I am taking up from where someone else has left off and this is where the issue lies.  The code Im working on uses gson to parse the json stream and thats fine and clear, then relevant data is then added to a parcel.  Like belowp  precodepublic class JsonAssets      String Address     String Title     String File     Category [] Categories  public void writeToParcelParcel paramParcel, int paramInt       paramParcel.writeStringAddress     paramParcel.writeStringTitle     paramParcel.writeStringAudioFile    private JsonAssetParcel in       Address  in.readString     Title  in.readString     AudioFile  in.readString   public ContentValues getContentValues      ContentValues contentValue  new ContentValues     contentValue.putID, this.Id     contentValue.putTitle, this.Title     contentValue.putaddress, this.Address  codepre  pemstrongEDITemstrongp  precodeprivate class Category     String CategoryName    String Description    String ExternalLink    String File    String FileName    int    CategoryID    int    ParentCategoryID    int    Id    int    Image  public int getCategoryID  return this.Id     codepre  pThe database is then update with these contentValues.p  pThe JSON looks something like thisp  precodeassets[                 AddressCrator1, The Moon,          TitleThe Moon,          AudioFilenull,          Categories[                             CategoryNameRestaurants,                Descriptionblah blah,                ExternalLink,                File,                FileName0,                CategoryID0,                ParentCategoryID786,                Id334,                Image,             , codepre  pI know that JSON isnt valid, Ive just edited to suit.  The problem is I have Categories, a nested array and I dont know how to handle that array. All Im looking to get is the Id in the Categories array.p  pI cant create a seperate object for it because of how the class is passedp  pJsonReader reader  new JsonReadernew InputStreamReaderis, UTF8p  precode    reader.beginObject     reader.nextName     reader.beginArray     JsonObject obj  null       while reader.hasNext          try             switchtype             case ASSETUPDATE                 obj  gson.fromJsonreader, JsonAsset.class                  break              codepre  pSo if anyone could tell me how to handle this, Id greatly appreciate it.  If Im not very clear in my question apologies, just ask and Ill clarify...thanks in advancep
Negative 387 pHelp please... I can send tweets, but when try to upload with media says missing or invalid url parameterp  pI tryed with many ways of define media, only url, getfilecontenturl, .url, and more...p  pI use Abrahams library twitteroauthp  pThis is my codep  precodeltphp  sessionstart requireoncetwitteroauthtwitteroauth.php requireonceconfig.php  if emptySESSION[accesstoken]  emptySESSION[accesstoken][oauthtoken]  emptySESSION[accesstoken][oauthtokensecret]      headerLocation .clearsessions.php  accesstoken  SESSION[accesstoken]  connection  new TwitterOAuthCONSUMERKEY, CONSUMERSECRET, rowTwitter[twittertoken], rowTwitter[twittertokensecret]  msg  POST[texto2] image  POST[URL]  parameters  array             media[]  gt image,             status   gt msg           code  connectiongtpoststatusesupdatewithmedia, parameters    vardumpcode  gt codepre  pAnd this is the resultp  pobjectstdClass5 1  [errors] array1  [0] objectstdClass6 2  [code] int195 [message] string33 Missing or invalid url parameter.   p  pEDITED Hi again I added this codep  precodefilename  image handle  fopenfilename, rb image  freadhandle, filesizefilename fclosehandle codepre  pAnd now this is the problemp  pobjectstdClass5 1  [errors] array1  [0] objectstdClass6 2  [code] int189 [message] string22 Error creating status.   p
Negative 387 pI have this Script that simply mount the attached External drive and write their mounted path in a text file. Though when I run this script from terminal in tinyCOre it works fine.  Following is the Code I am using to execute the script, I am using this code throughout my application for mounting and other purposes but non of them have writing to do.p  pstrongCodestrongp  precode  Process p  Runtime.getRuntime.exec sh homeabcmntddc.sh    p.waitFor codepre  pI even tried taking the script as array but no help. Quick help will be appreciated. Thanks.p  pstrongUPDATEstrong WHen the script is executed from java, nothing happens, no exception thrown, no nothing. I tried all the ways answered below none working. p  pstrongmntddc.shstrongp  precodebinsh blkid s LABEL  grep ddc gt ddc.txt         Get DDC device name and label and write to ddc.txt  perl pi e s LABELg ddc.txt      Remove text ddc from ddc.txt  perl pi e s LABELddcg ddc.txt         Remove text ddc from ddc.txt perl pi e s g ddc.txt            Remove left over text  from ddc.txt  while IFS read dev label           start loop and read device name to dev and LABEL to label do  if mount  grep dev then    echo e Already mounted else     if [  d mntlabel ] then        echo n Creating mount point...        sudo mkdir mntlabel     fi         echo n Mounting......label     sudo mount dev mntlabel         echo     if [   0 ] then         echo Mount failed.  Exiting.         echo  gt ddc.txt         exit     fi fi  done lt ddc.txt codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying to route all folders and subfolders to my index document. It is working, but not completely, when I go deeper into a subfolder, the index.shtml getting loaded but without any CSS.p  precodeltifModule modrewrite.cgt     RewriteEngine On     RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f     RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d     RewriteCond REQUESTURI index     RewriteRule . index.shtml [L]    ltifModulegt codepre  pemdomain.tldfolder1folder2em any deeper then folder1 and the CSS is gone.p
Negative 387 pI was trying out clang compiler and wanted to check its performance vs tradational gcc. I found out that its performance in terms of floating point operations is very bad compared to gcc almost 30. I compared the assembly files of my code with clang and gcc and found that gcc was using F e.g fcmpezd functions while clanf was using Vemem functions e.g. vcmpe.f64. Does this affect no of instructions cycles I believe both instructions are aliases. p  pAlso, in assembly file whenever a function is defined, arguments are pushed on stack. GCC was using stmfd instruction while clang was using push instruction followed by add interuction adding some value or register content to stack pointer sp. Are the two set of instructions consume same cycle  stmfd and push,addp  pI am using vfpv3 as option while compiling with both clang as well as gcc. Also please suggest some good tool which will tell me how many instruction cycles will an instruction consume. p
Negative 387 pI want to catch click event from injected script on all tabs of chrome browser.p  plike below methodp  pevent.js is main javascript and test.js is injected js.p  pevent.jsp  precodechrome.tabs.onUpdated.addListenerfunctiontabId, changeInfo      if changeInfo.status  complete          chrome.tabs.executeScripttabId,  file test.js, function          console.logexecuted                 codepre  ptest.jsp  precodevar fragment  createltdiv onClicksendMessage to my extensiongtHellowltdivgt document.body.insertBeforefragment, document.body.childNodes[0] codepre  phow can I receive message from other website to my extenstion Is it impossiblep  pThanks for reading.p
Negative 387 pI written custom interceptor and while post processing I want to add actionErroractionMessage by checking whether exception object exist or not on Value Stack.p  precode public String interceptActionInvocation invocation throws Exception     result invocation.invoke    postprocessing start      invocation.addPreResultListenernew PreResultListener     Override   public void beforeResultActionInvocation invocationInner, String resultCode      Object objinvocation.getInvocationContext.getValueStack.findValueexception      ifobjnull                 ifobj instanceof Exception                       try                   Object actioninvocation.getAction                       ActionSupportaction.addActionErrorError                              catch Exception e                  e.printStackTrace                                                           return result codepre  pIf result is error I am redirecting to error.jsp  p  precode ltsif testhasActionErrorsgt    ltsactionerrorgt  ltsifgt codepre  pbut nothing is displayed on error.jspp  peven I am trying to set parameters from interceptor likep  precode   invocationInner.getInvocationContext.getValueStack.setValueerrorNum, 333 codepre  por p  precode    MapltString, Objectgt parameters     invocationInner.getInvocationContext.getParameters              parameters.puterrorNum, 8888              invocationInner.getInvocationContext.getValueStack.pushparameters codepre  pand accessing parameter on jsp likep  precodeltsproperty valueparameters[errorNum]gt  codepre  pbut no effect I am still getting nothing on jsp is it due to scope of object because when I am setting variable in session its working fine.p  pwhether my approach to implement post processing is wrong or is anything I am missing.p
Negative 387 pFinding a solution to an issue in my projectp  pI have stages associated with contracts. That is, a contract can be in either codeActivecode stage, codeProcesscode stage or codeTerminatedcode stage.p  pI need to get the no the days the contract was in each stage. p  pFor example, if a contract codeC1code was in codeActivecode stage from code20102013code to code22102013code, then in the codeProcesscode stage from code22102013code to code25102013code and finally in codeTerminatedcode stage from code25102013code to code26102013code and then again in codeActivecode from code26102013code to code28102013code, then I should get as resultp  ul liActive  4daysli liProcess  3daysli liTerminated  1day likewise somethingli ul  pMy table is created with these columnsp  ul licodeEntryIdcode primary keyli licodeStageIdcode foreign key to codeStagecode tableli licodeContractIdcode foreign key to codecontractcode tableli licodeDateofStageChangecodeli ul  pHow to do this in SQL Serverp  hr  pAs asked pls find the table entriesp  pstrongEntryID  Stage ID  Contract ID  DateChangestrongp  p1        A1        C1           20102013p  p2        P1        C1           22102013p  p3        T1        C1           25102013p  p4        A1        C1           26102013p  p5        P1        C1           28102013p  p6        T1        C1           Nullcurrently in this stagep  hr  pNeed to use group by on Stage IDp
Negative 387 pdo you have any idea how to add some end line likep  precode codepre  pafter every matchp  precodetail f error.log n 2000  grep B 10 A 25 Exception codepre  pthis command prints all Exceptions log but i likes to see one seperator line for each exception log.p
Negative 387 pstrongEDITstrongp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netAndMcSpaddenL3Bt8 relnofollowJSFIDDLEa  doesnt look pretty but placeholders are in place where necessary..  The issues which still persist are .cambriaprojectpopup and .hyattpojectpopup fail to show upon mouse over. p  pstrongEND EDITstrong Hopefully this is a simple issue which I have overlooked, I am facing two different bugs here. p  pThe first was working initially, and then it stopped, I cant seem to figure out what is going on with this. p  pSecond, is an issue with positioning using the same jquery functions on a different place bottom, right within the container.p  pThe issues are in bold..  p  pstrongPLEASE REFER TO FIDDLE FOR UPDATED CODEstrongp  pHere is my code. The divs concerned with the first issue are inside .headerbottom container  p  precodeltdiv classwtffgtltdivgt ltdiv classwallsolutionspopupgtltdivgt ltdiv classjoistsolutionspopupgtltdivgt ltdiv classtrusssolutionspopupgtltdivgt ltdiv classfabnetpopupgtltdivgt ltend .headerbottomgt codepre  pHere is the full HTMLp  precodeltdiv classcontainerfabgt     ltdiv classheadergt         ltdiv classheadertopgt             ltimg srcimages2loginbutt.png alignright height 10 width7 alt Log in to Amcon Steel Secured Sitegt             lt end .headertop gt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classheaderbottomgtlta hrefgtltimg srcimages2AMCONicon.png   altAmcon Steel  Trusses  Joists  Wall Panels  nameAmconSteelLogo width5 height80 idamconSteellogo stylepaddingleft15px displayblock gt    ltimg srcimages2AMCONwebsitegalleryphotos10000s0000s0001AMCONSTEELcopy.png altAmcon Steel  Trusses  Joists  Wall Panels  nameAmconSteelLogo width35 height80 idamconSteellogo displayblock stylepaddingright75pxgtltagt              lt NavBar gt             ltimg srcimages2trusssolutionsbutt.png width10 height80 displayblock idtrusssolutions gt             ltimg srcimages2Joistsolutionsbutt.png width10 height80 displayblock idjoistsolutions gt             ltimg srcimages2wallsolutionsbutt.png width10 height80 displayblock idwallsolutions gt             ltimg srcimages2fabnetworkbutt.png width13 height80 displayblock idfabricatornetwork gt             lt end NavBargt  ltdiv classwtffgtltdivgt             ltdiv classwallsolutionspopupgtltdivgt             ltdiv classjoistsolutionspopupgtltdivgt             ltdiv classtrusssolutionspopupgtltdivgt             ltdiv classfabnetpopupgtltdivgt              lt end .headerbottom gt         ltdivgt         lt end .header gt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classcontentgt         lt absolute3 div is created for experiments with bottom project rollovers gt         ltdiv classabsolute3gtltdivgt         lttable width100 height70 stylemargin20px 30pxgt             lttrgt                 ltth stylecolorwhite textshadow2px 2px 2px blackfontsize28px fontfamilyFrutiger gtSTEEL FLOOR JOISTS WITH MECHANICAL ACCESSltthgt                 ltthgtltthgt             lttrgt             lttrgt                 lttd width65 height70 backgroundimages2contentbackground.png stylebackgroundrepeatnorepeat backgroundsizecover padding20px 20px overflowautogt                     ltimg srcimages2trusssolutionsimg.png alignleft height20 width20 stylepadding20px 10px 5px 10px gt                     ltp stylepadding20px 10px 5px 10px textalignjustifygtltbgtAmconsteelltbgt Joists are a costeffective coldformed steel CFS proprietary floor joist system ideally suited for the commercial and residential construction markets. The Amcon Joist combines the strength and consistency of a standard CShaped joist with the flexibility of prepunched, reinforced access holes to greatly improve system installation time and architectural flexibility. Plumbing, HVAC, electrical and other technology services can be installed within the floor system, which makes installation easier while maintaining structural integrity.ltpgt                     ltp stylepadding5px 10px 5px 10px textalignjustifygtAll Amconsteel products are engineered to be perfectly compatible with one another, as well as with other corresponding structural products in the market. Backed by the strength and reliability of Amconsteel, the Amcon Joist System is an integral part of the ltbgtAmconsteel Total Solutionltbgt, Amcons knowledgeoriented, solutionbased approach to building.ltpgt                     ltdiv height50 width 50 stylefloatleftgt                         ltimg srcimages2joistspanimg.png stylefloatrightmaxheight100 maxwidth100 gt                          lth3gtAdvantageslth3gt                          ltulgt                             ltligtArchitectural flexibilityltligt                             ltligtHigh strengthtoweight ratioltligt                             ltligtReduced need for onsite laborltligt                             ltligtNoncombustibleltligt                             ltligtEnvironmentally responsibleltligt                             ltligtHigh performanceltligt                             ltligtCoordinates easily with MEP requirementsltligt                             ltligtDimensionally stable  does not rot, warp, split, crack or creep and wont expand or contract due to moisture contentltligt                             ltligtUp to 10 diameter stiffened web punchoutsltligt                             ltligtIntegrates easily with other building construction materialsltligt                             ltligtWide selection of sizes for many applications and long span conditionsltligt                         ltulgt                     ltdivgt                 lttdgt                 lttd width35 height100gtlttdgt             lttrgt         lttablegt         lt end .content gt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classfootergt         lttable width100 height100gt             lttr width100 height100gt                 lttd width3 height5gtlta hrefhttpwww.facebook.comgtltimg srcimages2facebookbutt.png  stylepaddingleft10px displayblockgtltagt                  lttdgt                 lttd width3 height5gt lta hrefhttpwww.twitter.comgtltimg srcimages2twitterbutt.png  displayblock  gtltagt                  lttdgt                 lttd width3 height5gt lta hrefhttpwww.google.comgtltimg srcimages2emailbutt.png displayblock stylemaxheight100 maxwidth100 gtltagt                 lttdgt                 lttd width10 height25gt                     ltpgtJoin Our Email Listltpgt                     ltagt                 lttdgt                 lttd width50 height10gt                     ltpsgtlta hrefgtAbout Usltagt lta hrefgt Gallery ltagt lta hrefgtTechnical Resources ltagt lta hrefgtStandard Details ltagtlta hrefgt Contact Usltagt                     ltpsgt                 lttdgt                 lttdgt                     ltimg srcimages2CFSframingprojectbutt.png stylemaxheight100 maxwidth100 altColdFormed SteelCFS Projects gt                 lttdgt                 lttdgt                     ltimg srcimages2Cambriaprojectbutt.png stylemaxheight100 maxwidth100 gt                 lttdgt                 lttdgt                     ltimg srcimages2Hyattprojectbutt.png stylemaxheight100 maxwidth100 gt                 lttdgt                 lt end tablegt             lttrgt         lttablegt         lt end .footer gt     ltdivgt     lt end .container gt ltdivgt codepre  pHere is my Jquery for the show showhide strongfabnetworkstrong is where the first bug persists, all of the other rollovers work fine, and fabnetwork was working fine at one point, not sure what went wrong, I have tried to recreate new divs and such but no luck.... p  precode MouseOVer showhide div, imgs. etc.  document.readyfunction       .wtff, .joistsolutionspopup, .trusssolutionspopup, wallsolutionspopup.show       When the Image is hovered upon, show the hidden div using Mouseover     fabricatornetwork.hoverfunction           .wtff.fadeInslow     , function           .wtff.hide           wallsolutions.hoverfunction           .wallsolutionspopup.fadeInslow     , function           .wallsolutionspopup.hide           trusssolutions.hoverfunction           .trusssolutionspopup.fadeInslow     , function           .trusssolutionspopup.hide           joistsolutions.hoverfunction           .joistsolutionspopup.fadeInslow     , function           .joistsolutionspopup.hide       codepre  pCSS for the divs which are being used in this class strong.absolute3strong is where the second issue is, for some reason, I can not get it to be placed properly. I am attempting to place it on the bottom right it is description for the projectsp  precode  this container surrounds all other divs giving them their percentagebased width    .container      width 80     maxwidth 1260px     minwidth 780px     backgroundimageurlimages2backgroundslideshow.gif     backgroundsizecover     backgroundrepeatnorepeat     margin 0 auto     zindex0     positionabsolute  lt absolute div is created for experiments with showhide div rollovers WORKING ...well it was gt .wtff      displaynone     positionrelative     top0     right80     width150px     height250px     maxwidth100     maxheight100     backgroundcolor0F0     zindex100  .trusssolutionspopup      displaynone     positionrelative     top0     right47     width150px     height250px     maxwidth 100     maxheight100     backgroundcolor0FF     zindex200  .joistsolutionspopup      displaynone     positionrelative     top0     right58     width150px     height250px     maxwidth 100     maxheight100     backgroundcolorfF0     zindex200  .wallsolutionspopup      displaynone     positionrelative     top0     right68     width150px     height250px     maxwidth 100     maxheight100     backgroundcolorccc     zindex110  lt absolute3 div is created for experiments with bottom project rollovers NOT POSITIONED PROPERLYgt .absolute3      displayblock     positionrelative     top90px     right68     width150px     height250px     maxwidth 100     maxheight100     backgroundcolorccc     zindex120  .containerfab      width 80     maxwidth 1260px      a maxwidth may be desirable to keep this layout from getting too wide on a large monitor. This keeps line length more readable. IE6 does not respect this declaration.      minwidth 780px      a minwidth may be desirable to keep this layout from getting too narrow. This keeps line length more readable in the side columns. IE6 does not respect this declaration.      backgroundimageurlimages2fabnetworkbackground.png     backgroundsizecover     backgroundrepeatnorepeat     margin 0 auto      the auto value on the sides, coupled with the width, centers the layout. It is not needed if you set the .containers width to 100.      zindex0     positionrelative  codepre  pThank you for your help in advance And I apologize in advance for all of the styling in the HTML  I typically design w inline CSS in the HTML then move to external css sheets..p
Negative 387 pI tried to run web server and it shows the following errorp  blockquote   pundefined method keys for nilNilClass error on railsp blockquote  pExtracted source around line 21p  precode     shopsList  [st1, st2, st3, st4]       render json gt shopsList    end end codepre  pHere are the filesp  h2shop.rbh2  precodeclass Shop lt ActiveRecordBase   attraccessor name, description, comments    def initializename, description, comments     name  name     description  description     comments  []   end end codepre  h2comment.rbh2  precodeclass Comment   attraccessor id, name, content    def initializeid, name, content     id  id     name  name     content  content   end end codepre  h2shopscontroller.rbh2  precodeclass ShopsController lt ApplicationController   def index   end    def shops     com1  Comment.newFX991, Goat, Delicious     com2  Comment.newF2888, Cow, Amazing     com3  Comment.newGH555, Cat, Yummm     com4  Comment.newHY666, Fish, Mouth watering     commentList  [com1, com2, com3, com4]      sh1  Shop.newAAAA, Je, commentList[0]     sh2  Shop.newNNNN, Te, commentList[1]     sh3  Shop.newCCCC, Be, commentList[1]     sh4  Shop.newDDDD, He, commentList[1]     shopsList  [sh1, sh2, sh3, sh4]      render json gt shopsList   end end codepre  pWhen I tried changing coderender json gt shopsListcode to coderender json gt commentListcode, the comment list would show as json format in the server.p  pAlso, is there something wrong with the way I access or declare the commentList array The contents of the array wont show when I try to access it. It just displays []p
Negative 387 pemThis might be the simplest but I am C beginner so bear with me.emp  pI have a GridView in XAML, with some data bound. How can I iterate through each item when app loads I am building Win 8.1 app using XAMLC.p  pMy GridViewp  precode    ltGridView         ItemsSourceBinding SourceStaticResource groupedItemsViewSource         ItemTemplateSelectorStaticResource MeetingTileSelector         xNameitemGridViewgt     ltGridViewgt codepre  pI wanted to read what each items contains like image or video, or just a line of texts and then apply ColSpan, RowSpan, Height accordingly. All I dont know how to iterate through the items. p
Negative 387 pFirst of all, i dont know if the word alignment is the correct one to describe what i want help for so thats why i provide images from the console application.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comduwIU.png altImage1 img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfcGxo.png altImage2p  pI want to know if there is a way to make the zeros be in order . I am providing to you my code .p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt int emptynesint table1[16],int table2[16],int zero[32]      int i,k1     fori0ilt16i              table1[i]k         k          k17     fori0ilt16i              table2[i]k         k          fori0ilt32i         zero[i]0     return table1,table2,zero  int firstloopint table1[16]      int i      fori0ilt16i              ifi8         printfnn          printfd   ,table1[i]         ifilt9             printf            else             printf          int zeroloopint zero[16]      int i     fori0ilt32i              ifi80             printfnn          printfd      ,zero[i]       int secondloopint table2[16]       int i      fori0ilt16i              ifi8         printfnn          printfd     ,table2[i]         ifilt9             printf       int twomovesint x,int table1[16],int zero[32]      int i,p0,l0     fori0ilt16i              ifxtable1[i]                         pi              break                      ifigt8       ltable1[i]8     ifzero[l]0ampampzero[l8]0              zero[l7]table1[i]         table1[i]0          return zero,table1   int main                      printfnnn             int table1[16],table2[16],zero[32]             int i,x,y,p             emptynestable1,table2,zero             firstlooptable1             zeroloopzero             printfnn             secondlooptable2             printfnnn             printfPlayer 1 Pawn amp Moves gt              scanfd d,ampx,ampy             twomovesx,table1,zero  do it as loop             firstlooptable1             zeroloopzero             printfnn             secondlooptable2              return 0      codepre
Negative 387 pWhat is the regular expression to evaluate the values from the below string in the codepostgrescode environmentp  precodex.y.z  test OR a.b.c intersects test1 OR  OR pub.custom.channel intersects test2,test3 codepre  pNeed output as  codetest,test1,test2,test3codep
Negative 387 pHello Im making my first phonegap application and Im interesting in using a shared database sql server and not the local storage that each platform has and phonegap supports.p  pI prefer the use of sql server because I used to work with it on my intranet job app. I was wondering if it is possible to use web api over php requests and manipulate my data with it INSERTS, UPDATES and so on. I also think I should use standart rdbms cus Im willing to use a daily job on the data.p  pSo, will it be possible to make Web api requests using js on the phonegap app  Another question is if there is any way to test my web api proj on my mobile thus I need to have any free trial web hosting provider azure or any cloud service.p
Negative 387 pProblemp  pI have a list, using LongListSelector, of videos. When a video is selected, it launches the MediaPlayerLauncher. If a user presses the back key to close the video or, even presumably when the video reaches the end, and tries to select the same video they were just watching, the MediaPlayer does not activate because the selection isnt changed, duh.p  pSo...any suggestions to my problemp  pThank you to anyone that answersp
Negative 387 pI am doing thisp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodelttr nghidetruegt   lttdgtxxxlttdgt lttrgt codepre  pIn angular this always hides the row in question. In angular.dart it doesnt seem to do anything. What am I doing wrongp
Negative 387 pI have been trying to strongsend sms from my app without user intervention programmaticallystrong however there is no success. I have tried the intent method p  precodevar intent  Ti.Android.createIntent      action Ti.Android.ACTIONSENDTO, data smsto1234567890   intent.putExtrasmsbody, Geolocation               long   e.coords.longitude                lat   e.coords.latitude Ti.Android.currentActivity.startActivityintent           codepre  pThis sends the sms as well as the message text properly. but the only problem is it need human intervention. it calls the inbuild sms functionality and we have to press the send sms button I want to automate the process.p  pI found this link on github a hrefhttpsgithub.comomorandiTiAndroidSMS relnofollowClick Herea p  pIt says we can automate the process . When i try to install the module titanium shows the module installed correctly , however in the ti app editor it says ti.android.sms module not supported by titanium SDK version 3.1.2 GA .  In the build.properties file which the original developer has provided it shows his paths to sdk 3.0.0 GA. I tried to change the build.properties file and provided the paths for android, titanium and google api with the versions and then install the module but i have no success .p  pAny help would be great.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to create a next button that works with the textFields tag. I have this inside a void type methodp  precodefor UITextField textField in self.view.subviews      if [textField isKindOfClass[UITextField class]]              if[textField isFirstResponder]                      int i  textFieldTag  starts as 0              [[textField viewWithTagi] resignFirstResponder]             NSString a  [UITextField [textField viewWithTagi] text]             NSLogTEXT 01  , a              i  i  1             NSLogTAG 02  i, i              [[textField viewWithTagi] becomeFirstResponder]             NSString b  [UITextField [textField viewWithTagi] text]             NSLogTEXT 02  , b                codepre  pThe problem is that even though codeicode increments by 1, codeNSString bcode returns nil and does not make that textField the next responder like I am expecting.p  pThey are there, the tag exists, but somehow the new value of i is not accepted.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 387 pFirst I would like to state that I am using a Datatable to fill my gridview and the select that I am using is a left join. here is a my codeselectcodep  precodeSELECT PM.num [num], PMT.MedType [MedType],  ...Some other columns... FROM [pharmmeds] PM  LEFT JOIN [pharmmedsType] PMT ON  PM.[MedTypeID]  PMT.[num] codepre  pand I am being lazy and currently have a codeaspDropDownListcode being filled by a sqldatasource located outside the gridview p  precodeltaspTemplateField ItemStyleWidth  75px  HeaderText  Med Typegt         ltItemTemplategt             ltaspLabel IDlblMedType runatserver Textlt EvalMedTypegtgtltaspLabelgt         ltItemTemplategt         ltEditItemTemplategt             ltaspDropDownList IDddlMedType DataSourceIDsdsMedType DataTextFieldMedType DataValueFieldMedType SelectedValuelt Bindnum gt Textlt Bindnum gt runatservergt              ltaspDropDownListgt         ltEditItemTemplategt           ltFooterTemplategt                            ltaspDropDownList IDddlMedType DataSourceIDsdsMedType DataTextFieldMedType DataValueFieldMedType SelectedValuelt Bindnum gt Textlt Bindnum gt runatserver OnSelectedIndexChangedddlMedTypeSelectedIndexChanged AutoPostBackTrue gt              ltaspDropDownListgt         ltFooterTemplategt          ltItemStyle Width75px gt     ltaspTemplateFieldgt codepre  phere is the  sqldatasource for the codeaspDropDownListcodep  precodeltaspSqlDataSource IDsdsMedType runatserver ConnectionStringlt ConnectionStringsSiteSqlServer2 gt SelectCommandSELECT [num], [MedType] FROM [pharmmedsType]gtltaspSqlDataSourcegt codepre  pNow the trouble I have occurs when I want to edit the existing rows here is my code for itp  precodeprotected void EditMedicationobject sender, GridViewEditEventArgs e              DropDownList ddlMedType  DropDownListgvMainView.FooterRow.FindControlddlMedType         string strMedID  ddlMedType.Text         using SqlConnection con  new SqlConnectionConfigurationManager.ConnectionStrings[SiteSqlServer2].ConnectionString                      SqlCommand cmd1  new SqlCommandSELECT [num], [MedType] from [pharmmedsType] where [MedType]  MedID, con             cmd1.Parameters.AddWithValueMedID, strMedID             con.Open             using SqlDataReader reader1  cmd1.ExecuteReader                              while reader1.Read                                      MyMedType  reader1.GetInt320                                  ddlMedType.SelectedValue  Convert.ToStringMyMedType failed attempt to fix the issue                 gvMainView.EditIndex  e.NewEditIndex                 BindData                             codepre  pWhen I hit the edit link I get the error in the title. How do I fix thisp
Negative 387 pi have this function in a jsp pagep  precode    window.open codepre  pand in the child i have this functionp  precode    window.onbeforeunload  function e window.opener.loadParametros codepre  pWhen I update child parent reloads as well, how can i avoid itp
Negative 387 pI have created jasper report and it woks perfectly on netbean but when i build war file and deploy it on apache server then it not works....p  pI Tried So hard on this problem spend whole day but didnt find any solution please help me out to solve thisp  pstrongHere is My Codestrongp  precodeString loc  CProgram Filesreport public void CustBillPrintString BillNo          String path  loc  customerbill1.jasper         Map param  new HashMap         param.putbillno, BillNo         try              JasperPrint jasperPrint  JasperFillManager.fillReportpath, param, con             JasperViewer.viewReportjasperPrint, false           catch JRException e              System.out.printlne               codepre  pstrongI already tried many ways are as followsstrongp  precodeInputStream path  this.getClass.getResourceAsStreamreportfarmpati1.jasper  InputStream path  new FileInputStreamnew Filewebreportfarmpati1.jasper  InputStream path  new FileInputStreamnew File.getAbsolutePath  reportslogReport.jrxml  String path  System.getPropertyuser.dir  report  String path  new File..getCanonicalPath  webreport codepre  pstrongAnd All This Alternative Work in NetBan But not working on apache when deploy as warstrongp
Negative 387 pIm working on a magento Enterprise edition store and I want to migrate it to Community Edition.p  pIm new to magento, please help me with some steps that I can follow to migrate EE to CE.p  pCould you please provide some ideasp
Negative 387 pIm developing a game like final fantasy with a friend just to practice programming with CoffeeScript Im noob in it.p  pHe passed me some code where the characters are selected making click on them.p  pHow can I automatize this clickselection so the code automatizes this click going in roundsp  pstrongHeres the codestrongp  precode Add users characters for character, i in data.characters   koed  if character.koed then , koed else    c  Crafty.e2D, DOM, WalkingCharacter, Sprite, charactercharacter.type, selectablecharacter  koed   c.sprite0,1,1,1   c.x  cformation[i][0]   c.y  cformation[i][1]   c.element.id  i   c.element.c  c   .selectablecharacter.not.koed.clickegt   console.logclick   battleinfocharacter.remove   character  data.characters[e.target.id]   character.id  e.target.id   charactercard.attrsrc, window.STATICURLimgminicardcharacter.type.png   charactertype.textcharacter.type   charactername.htmlcharacter.name  ltbrgt  Level     character.level   characterstats.html    ltspan titleXpgtlti classCharacIconbattlexpgtltigt character.levelxp  character.nextlevelxpltspangtltbrgt   ltspan titleLivesgtlti classCharacIconbattlelivegtltigt character.livesltspangtltbrgt   ltspan titleAttackgtlti classCharacIconbattleattackgtltigt character.attackltspangt       .selectablecharacter.removeClassselected   e.target.addClassselected    selCharacterAura.visible  true   selCharacterAura.x  e.target.c.x  selCharacterAura.we.target.c.w2   selCharacterAura.y  e.target.c.y  e.target.c.h  40    checkStartBattle  codepre
Negative 387 pIm using ImageMagick 6.7.710 20120627 Q16 on a windows 2012 server and with fastcgi and PHP Version 5.4.22. Im trying to use this command inside a PHP file to convert a pdf to a jpg but it doesnt work, nothing happens.p  precodeecho shellexecconvert image.pdf image.jpg codepre  pThis command line work perfectly inside a command shell msdos command shell. I tried to convert a jpg to png and surprisingly it worked p  precodeecho shellexecconvert image.jpg image.png codepre  pIts also working when Im converting a png to pdf.p  precodeecho shellexecconvert image.png image.pdf codepre  pNow Im getting confuse, why is it not working from a pdf to an image  Am I missing a php extension or a setting p  pCheers,p
Negative 387 pIve used cPanels redirect tool to redirect all nonwww requests to www. Its working for the root but not working for subfolders. p  pFor example codehttpmydomain.comtestcode DOES NOT redirect to codehttpwww.mydomain.comtestcode p  pThis is the .htaccess content generated by the cPanels redirect toolp  precodeRewriteEngine on  RewriteCond HTTPHOST mydomain.com RewriteRule . httpwww.mydomain.com1 [R301,L] codepre  pI cant figure out why this is not working for subfolders. I even added codeOptions FollowSymlinkscode and codeRewriteBase code to .htaccess file but still not working.p  pThere is something else I couldnt understand. I recently moved to a new web host. In my old host account, I didnt even have redirections set and it was working fine. Can web hosts redirect all nonwww requests to www as their emglobal settingem without having to add .htaccess file in the websites rootp
Negative 387 pI have a problem in matlab. I want to plot a graph having 5 plots. Let me go through them. x axis for each data is from 1500.p  pFor plot 1 to 3, I want to place marker after every 10 values, whereas for plot 4 to 5 I want to place markers after every 5 values. Is it possible to do it  p  pI followed a code something like thisp  precodefigure, setgcf, Position, get0,Screensize  Maximize figure. setgcf,Color,white plotObjVal1110end,r,LineWidth,3 hold on plotObjVal2110end,.b,LineWidth,3 plotObjVal3110end,k,LineWidth,3 plotObjVal415end,sm,LineWidth,3 plotObjVal515end,.b,LineWidth,3 hold off titleFitness Value,FontWeight,bold,FontSize, 12,Color,black xlabelFitness Value gt,FontWeight,bold,FontSize, 12,Color,black ylabelIterations gt,FontWeight,bold,FontSize, 12,Color,black legendCV GDS,CV Momentum,CV Exct LS,CV Back Track,CV Conjugate GDS codepre  pThen I get an output like this  p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com8zwYq.png altenter image description herep  pThe problem is quite evident from the picture. The plots of 13 is given for 50 values as the subplot is taken for each 10 iterations whereas the 4th and 5th plot is given for 100 values as the subplot is taken for each 5 iterations. I do not want to do this. Basically I want the plot of all the values but with the markers placed at each 10 iterations for plot 13 and at each 5 iterations for plots 45.p  pThanks everybody in advance for your help p
Negative 387 pI have a text file with data in the following formatp  precode9877zyrtec paracetamol 10mg 789905095  7654diclofenac asiaticoside drfer 20mg 9875 codepre  pis there any script to remove number at the beginning of each line and  wrap it like thisp  precodeltdiv classlinewrapgtlth2gtltspan class1gtzyrtecltspangtltspan class2gt paracetamolltspangtltpgt10mgltpgtltpgt789905095ltpgtlth2gtltdivgt codepre  peach line contain unique element that i like to group on a same div like above and the minimum number of space to wrap each element on the same line should be codegt7code.p
Negative 387 pI have simple htmljs application with embedded VLC WebPlugin and few methods for playpause. This application is controlled by another javascript file through simple serverwebsocket c application. Topology is like thisp  precodeWebpageWithVLCplugin lt wslocalhost8181 gt CServer lt httplocalhost8080 gt WebpageWithControl codepre  pEverything works fine  sending controls from Control page through CServer is fast and reliable even through different domains, but when I send play command  VLC plugin starts to play video  no more commads are received by page with WebpageWithVLCplugin until playing is finished. So it seems that VLC WebPlugin blocks websocket  but I dont have any idea how or why or how should I find problem. p  pedit When WebpageWithVLCplugin is controlled not through websockets window.postMessage or direct methods call, everything works fine even while VLC plugin is playing. p  pThanks for advicesp
Negative 387 pIm trying to get the plupload a hrefhttpwww.plupload.com relnofollowhttpwww.plupload.coma working in my PHP app.  Anything under 1mb in size uploads just fine.  Chunking is set to 1mb.  So if I attempt to upload something that is 3.5mb in the network inspector I see 4 calls to upload.php, the first is always fine, all subsequent calls error with SQLSTATE[HY000] General error 2006 MySQL server has gone away.  The error line number is 136, where Im doing the insert.  How can I get rid of this error so I can upload large files with chunkingp  pHere is a snippet of the front end setup of the plupload...p  precode function          uploader.pluploadQueue              General settings             runtimes  gears,flash,silverlight,browserplus,html5,html4,             runtimes  html5,html4,             url  upload.php,             maxfilesize  5mb,             chunksize  1mb,             uniquenames  false,             multiplequeues  true,              Resize images on clientside if we can             resize  width  320, height  240, quality  90,              multipartparams  docid  ltphp echo GET[id] gt,               Specify what files to browse for             filters  [                 title  Image files, extensions  jpg,gif,png,                 title  Zip files, extensions  zip,                 title  PDFs, extensions  pdf,                 title  Word Docs, extensions  doc,docx             ], codepre  pHere is the backend upload.php file line 136 is where the error is happening...p  precodeltphp requireoncelibprotectedpagenolog.php    upload.php     Copyright 2009, Moxiecode Systems AB   Released under GPL License.     License httpwww.plupload.comlicense   Contributing httpwww.plupload.comcontributing     HTTP headers for no cache etc headerExpires Mon, 26 Jul 1997 050000 GMT headerLastModified  . gmdateD, d M Y His .  GMT headerCacheControl nostore, nocache, mustrevalidate headerCacheControl postcheck0, precheck0, false headerPragma nocache   Settings targetDir  inigetuploadtmpdir . DIRECTORYSEPARATOR . plupload targetDir  inigetuploadtmpdir targetDir  uploads  cleanupTargetDir  true  Remove old files maxFileAge  5  3600  Temp file age in seconds   5 minutes execution time settimelimit5  60   Uncomment this one to fake upload time  usleep5000   Get parameters chunk  issetREQUEST[chunk]  intvalREQUEST[chunk]  0 chunks  issetREQUEST[chunks]  intvalREQUEST[chunks]  0 fileName  issetREQUEST[name]  REQUEST[name]     Clean the fileName for security reasons fileName  pregreplace[w.], , fileName   Make sure the fileName is unique but only if chunking is disabled if chunks lt 2 ampamp fileexiststargetDir . DIRECTORYSEPARATOR . fileName      ext  strrposfileName, .     fileNamea  substrfileName, 0, ext     fileNameb  substrfileName, ext      count  1     while fileexiststargetDir . DIRECTORYSEPARATOR . fileNamea .  . count . fileNameb         count      fileName  fileNamea .  . count . fileNameb   filePath  targetDir . DIRECTORYSEPARATOR . fileName   Create target dir if fileexiststargetDir     mkdirtargetDir   Remove old temp files if cleanupTargetDir      if isdirtargetDir ampamp dir  opendirtargetDir          while file  readdirdir  false              tmpfilePath  targetDir . DIRECTORYSEPARATOR . file               Remove temp file if it is older than the max age and is not the current file             if pregmatch.part, file ampamp filemtimetmpfilePath lt time  maxFileAge ampamp tmpfilePath  filePath.part                  unlinktmpfilePath                               closedirdir      else          diejsonrpc  2.0, error  code 100, message Failed to open temp directory., dir  .targetDir.         Look for the content type header if issetSERVER[HTTPCONTENTTYPE]     contentType  SERVER[HTTPCONTENTTYPE]  if issetSERVER[CONTENTTYPE]     contentType  SERVER[CONTENTTYPE]   Handle non multipart uploads older WebKit versions didnt support multipart in HTML5 if strposcontentType, multipart  false      if issetFILES[file][tmpname] ampamp isuploadedfileFILES[file][tmpname]           Open temp file         out  fopenfilePath.part, chunk  0  wb  ab         if out               Read binary input stream and append it to temp file             in  fopenFILES[file][tmpname], rb              if in                  while buff  freadin, 4096                     fwriteout, buff              else                 diejsonrpc  2.0, error  code 101, message Failed to open input stream., id  id             fclosein             fcloseout             unlinkFILES[file][tmpname]          else             diejsonrpc  2.0, error  code 102, message Failed to open output stream., id  id      else         diejsonrpc  2.0, error  code 103, message Failed to move uploaded file., id  id  else       Open temp file     out  fopenfilePath.part, chunk  0  wb  ab     if out           Read binary input stream and append it to temp file         in  fopenphpinput, rb          if in              while buff  freadin, 4096                 fwriteout, buff          else             diejsonrpc  2.0, error  code 101, message Failed to open input stream., id  id          fclosein         fcloseout      else         diejsonrpc  2.0, error  code 102, message Failed to open output stream., id  id    Check if file has been uploaded if chunks  chunk  chunks  1       Strip the temp .part suffix off     renamefilePath.part, filePath      fp       fopenfilePath, r     content  freadfp, filesizefilePath     content  addslashescontent     fclosefp      res  dbhgtprepareINSERT INTO attachedfiles docid, filename, filetype, filesize, content, uploadbyuserid VALUES , , , , ,      resgtexecutearrayREQUEST[docid],basenamefilePath,pathinfofilePath, PATHINFOEXTENSION,filesizefilePath,content,SESSION[userid]   diejsonrpc  2.0, result  null, dir  .targetDir. codepre  pMy database handle looks like this which is in the include at the top of upload.php...p  precodetry      dbh  new PDOmysqlhostlibDBHostnamedbnamelibDBDatabase, libDBUsername, libDBPassword         dbhgtsetAttribute PDOMYSQLATTRUSEBUFFEREDQUERY,true      dbhgtsetAttribute PDOATTRERRMODE, PDOERRMODEWARNING      echo Connected to database  catchPDOException e      echo egtgetMessage  codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying to achieve having simple sharing buttons on the side of a post, which are only visible if the post is within the view. So they are hidden if the user is scrolling above or below that post.p  pa hrefhttpimakewebthings.comjquerywaypoints relnofollowjQuery waypointa it my current weapon of choice. My approach consists ofp  precode first hiding the div .postsharingside.hide   fading it in as soon as the headline reaches the top of the viewspace that feels right in my use case .entrytitle.waypointfunctiondirection      .postsharingside.fadeIn    fading it out again as soon as the upcoming div reaches the bottom of the viewspace MISSING codepre  pIm having trouble figuring out the last part fading it out again. Ideally it should also work when scrolling up again. Any ideas would be highly appreciatedp  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pSorry if I wasnt clear enough the effect Im looking for is basically stronga hrefhttpjsfiddle.netpsteinweberZUyRf1 relnofollowthisastrong bit without using absolute values.p
Negative 387 pWhat Im making is a codeiPhonecode application Single View Latest codeXCodecode that has a button a label and a codetextfieldcode.p  pWhat i want to do is, let the user enter a name, then press the button and make the Label change to Hello The name entered.p  pIve searched around and not anything worked for me.p  precodelabel.text  [NSString stringWithFormat, label.text, textField1.text]  Didnt work. codepre  pIve made,codeView2.hcodeand codeView2.mcode. The code in itp  pstrongView2.hstrongp  precodeimport ltUIKitUIKit.hgt  interface View2  UIViewController   IBOutlet UILabel HelloWorldLabel IBOutlet UITextField NameText   IBActionButtonidsender  end codepre  pstrongView2.mstrongp  precodeIBActionButtonidsender   codepre  pEDIT1p  pMy Storyboardp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPdOIp.png altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pall. I am trying to use the DjangoPlupload in my projectsrca hrefhttpsgithub.comvelloncedjangoplupload relnofollowhttpsgithub.comvelloncedjangopluploada. And I need to customize the view.py of this external app. Since I am developing in my localhost and I need to deploy it on server in the future, I dont want it to stay in site package. Instead, I want to install it as local app. May I know what is the suitable way to do this Thank you.p
Negative 387 pI have an URL input and a submit button on my web page. When I press Submit, I want a modal to be opened, in which I can see the title, favicon and the description of the saved website, then I want the url added to a database I created and to refresh my page. These are the 3 things Id like my button to do.p  pSo far Ive managed to make the button open the modal and show the websites title etc., but if I refresh my page, insert another url, and press Submit, the modal will show the meta tags from the first website saved.p  pI dont know how to fix that.p  pIm using Twitter Bootstrap for styling and I have inserted the php script inside my modal.p  pHere is my codep  precodeltbodygt      lth2gtltphp echo Wellcome  .email gtlth2gt ltform roleform methodpostgtlt am scos url.php de aicigt   ltdiv classformgroupgt     ltbrgtltbrgt        ltlabel forurlgtURLltlabelgt     ltinput typeurl classformcontrol nameurl placeholderEnter URLgt     ltbr gt     ltbutton typebutton classbtn btnsuccess datatogglemodal datatarget  SubmitgtSubmitltbuttongt     ltdiv classmodal fade idSubmit tabindex1 roledialog arialabelledby  SubmitLabel ariahidden  truegt       ltdiv classmodaldialoggt         ltdiv classmodalcontentgt           ltdiv classmodalheadergt             ltbutton typebutton classclose datadismissmodal ariahiddentruegtamptimesltbuttongt             lth4 classmodaltitlegtSaved URLlth4gt           ltdivgt           ltdiv classmodalbodygt        ltphp        myServer  localhost       myUser  root       myPass         myDB  socialbookmarking        connection to the database       libxmluseinternalerrorstrue       connect  mysqliconnectmyServer,myUser, myPass       or dieCouldnt connect to SQLServer on myServer        select a database to work with       selected  mysqliselectdbconnect, myDB       or dieCouldnt open database myDB           declare the SQL statement that will query the database       adress  INSERT INTO url url  VALUES POST[url]       table  ALTER TABLE url ADD CONSTRAINT constraint1 UNIQUEurlca sa nu se poata salva doua linkuri exact la fel         extract title         if  POST[url]               doc  new DOMDocument             docgtloadHTML filegetcontents POST[url]               xpt  new DOMXPath doc              output  xptgtquerytitlegtitem0gtnodeValue          else              output  URL not provided                  echo Title         echo output         vardumpoutput          extract favicon         url  POST[url]         doc  new DOMDocument         docgtstrictErrorChecking  FALSE         docgtloadHTMLfilegetcontentsurl         xml  simplexmlimportdomdoc         arr  xmlgtxpathlink[relshortcut icon]         echo ltbrgt         echo favicon         if arr                    src  arr[0][href]             echo ltimg src.src.gt                           extract description         tags  getmetatagsPOST[url]         ifissettags[description]                    description  tags[description]           echo description           echo description                      else                    echo ltbrgt                       echo Next url  POST         url  POST[url]       if emptyPOST[url]                         Instructions if POST[value] exist         echo ltbrgt             echo Your url isn  .url                   else                    echo URL errorn                 if mysqliqueryconnect, adress          dieError  . mysqlerror              else                echo ltbrgt         echo Your information was added to the database                       echo Titlul           echo output         gt           ltdivgt           ltdiv classmodalfootergt             ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault datadismissmodalgtCloseltbuttongt             ltbutton typebutton classbtn btnprimarygtSave changesltbuttongt           ltdivgt         ltdivgtlt .modalcontent gt       ltdivgtlt .modaldialog gt     ltdivgtlt .modal gt   ltdivgt     ltformgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pAs you can see, I inserted the php script inside the modal body. What am I doing wrong and how can I refresh the page after I saved my link  Thank you all in advance and excuse my coding mistakes, Im a beginner.p
Negative 387 pHi I want to use custom defind colors in my project instead of using the random colors as some of them are not visible on my background. My background is not white so  how can I achieve this.p  pI want to create a dropdown from which I can select colors and draw layer or can custom define colors in randomcolors function.p  precodevar canvas  document.getElementByIdcanvas var ctx  canvas.getContext2d  var canvasOffset  canvas.offset var offsetX  canvasOffset.left var offsetY  canvasOffset.top var isDown  false var startY  var layers  [] var currentColor  black  function handleMouseDowne      e.preventDefault     startX  parseInte.clientX  offsetX     startY  parseInte.clientY  offsetY     currentColor  randomColor     isDown  true   function handleMouseUpe      e.preventDefault     mouseX  parseInte.clientX  offsetX     mouseY  parseInte.clientY  offsetY     isDown  false     layers.push         y1 startY,         y2 mouseY,         color currentColor        function handleMouseOute      e.preventDefault     mouseX  parseInte.clientX  offsetX     mouseY  parseInte.clientY  offsetY     isDown  false     layers.push         y1 startY,         y2 mouseY,         color currentColor        function handleMouseMovee      if isDown          return          e.preventDefault     mouseX  parseInte.clientX  offsetX     mouseY  parseInte.clientY  offsetY     drawAll     hLinestartY, currentColor     hLinemouseY, currentColor   function drawAll      ctx.clearRect0, 0, canvas.width, canvas.height     for var i  0 i lt layers.length i          layer  layers[i]         hLinelayer.y1, layer.color         hLinelayer.y2, layer.color        function hLiney, color      ctx.beginPath     ctx.moveTo0, y     ctx.lineTocanvas.width, y     ctx.strokeStyle  color     ctx.stroke   function randomColor      return   Math.floorMath.random  16777215.toString16   canvas.mousedownfunction e      handleMouseDowne  canvas.mousemovefunction e      handleMouseMovee  canvas.mouseupfunction e      handleMouseUpe  canvas.mouseoutfunction e      handleMouseOute  codepre  pThe working fiddle is a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netUfuDX1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netUfuDX1ap
Negative 387 pI have a .NETbased tool that allows me to do a regex replace on lines in a file, but not a lot of other options I say this because I know full well this is not the ideal tool for the job... its just what I have to work with in this case.p  pI need to truncate the file at 95 characters for each line.  Each line has alphanumerics and whitespace.  I have the option of entering a matching expression and a replacement expression.  I expect I will make the replacement expression either nothing or a coderncode.p  pWhat can I use for my matching expression to select everything after the first 95 charactersp
Negative 387 pI have a jsp like this p  precodelt page languagejava contentTypetexthtml charsetUTF8 pageEncodingUTF8gt ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD HTML 4.01 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRhtml4loose.dtdgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt     ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetUTF8gt     lttitlegtPOSTlttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltform actionFormServlet methodpostgt         name ltinput typetext namenamegt         ltinput typesubmit namesubmitgt     ltformgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pwhen i POST, i debugged it by Fiddler, but I find there is not charset defind in contentType, why I have define contentType in jsp file top, when I post my form, It didnt use the charset p  pthis is the result in fiddler when I postp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comw2rzc.png altenter image description herep  pI debug in Tomcat class, I find because the contentType didnt have charset, so tomcat use its default charset, I want to know whether the result is correct, the contentType didnt contain charset, or I have some wrong in somewherep
Negative 387 pI have an SSIS package that reads data from an Excel source and separates out into invalid data with a reason field or valid data if it passes all my validation checks i.e. duplication checking, valid responses, etc..  The invalid and valid files are Excel destination files.p  pThe package runs as expected on my old laptop connected to the network.  Ive had to change to a new laptop and worked with IT to install all the same SQL Server software.  On the new machine, connected to the same network with the same login credentials in my data sources, the package does not run as expected.p  pI click debug and it looks like its processing as normal and I receive the message, Package execution completed.  Click here to switch to design mode, or select Stop Debugging from the debug menu.  I stop debugging and it looks like all rows were sent to the invalid Excel file as expected.  But when I open the file, its empty.  The valid Excel file is also empty.p  pIm wondering if there is a compatibility issue with the version of Microsoft Excel on this machine  This setup has MS Excel 2013 with some patch that allows accessing 2010 version files.  The old setup had MS Excel 2010.  Im running SQL Server 2008 R2.p  pAny help is greatly appreciated.p  pThanks, Sistop
Negative 387 pIm using Cygwin on a Windows machine to grab some information from a remote Linux machine and write the result to a file. Here is my commandp  precodessh userremotemachine ps aef  grep vnc  grep v grep  awk print ltsizegt11ltsizegtnltcolorDepthgt13ltcolorDepthgt gt myfile.txt codepre  pHowever, when I then runp  precodels l codepre  pon the directory where myfile.txt was written, it shows that the name of the file is actually strongmyfile.txtstrong  with the added question mark. Where did that extra character come from and how can I get the print code to name the file correctly as simply myfile.txtp  pI would just run another command such asp  precodemv myfile.txt myfile.txt codepre  porp  precodemv myfile.txtM myfile.txt codepre  pbut in my bash script neither seems to find the file to rename it though interestingly I can from the terminal not in the script start typingp  precodemv myf codepre  pand then tab to complete the finding of the file, then finish the line with a new file name and that successfully renames the file.p
Negative 387 pSay if I want to add code4code to a hexadecimal value codeF9Ecode then I will get codeFA2code.p  pone way of doing it is by converting codeF9Ecode to decimal and then add code4code to that decimal value and then reconvert the new decimal value to hexadecimal value.p  pIs there any other shortcut way to do thisp
Negative 387 pI want a function in html5 to validate web address textfield. This is the code i tried. Its nt working.p  precodefunction validateURLtextval        var urlregex  new RegExp             httphttpsftp[azAZ09.][azAZ09.ampamp]25[05]2[04][09][01]1[09]2[19]1[09]1[19].25[05]2[04][09][01]1[09]2[19]1[09]1[19]0.25[05]2[04][09][01]1[09]2[19]1[09]1[19]0.25[05]2[04][09][01]1[09]2[19]1[09]1[09][azAZ09].[azAZ09].comedugovintmilnetorgbizarpainfonameproaerocoopmuseum[azAZ]2[09][azAZ09.,ampamp]       return urlregex.testtextval      codepre
Negative 387 pI have a codeTransactioncode and codeAccountcode models in money management application with the following associationsp  precodeTransaction belongsto account Account hasmany transactions codepre  pWhen user create transaction and add it to account, Rails runs method codeaddtoaccountcode in codeTransactioncode model to add amount of transaction to codebalancecode field in account.p  pI update the transactions page through AJAX and in codecreate.js.erbcode I have the following line...p  precodeaccountlt transaction.account.id gt.replaceWithlt j render account gt  codepre  p...to update accounts form on the page.p  pWhen user updates transaction and change its account, Rails runs codeaddtoaccountcode for two accounts codeaccountcode and codeaccountwascode.p  pI want to update both accounts forms on transactions page, so I have the same line in codeupdate.js.erbcode to update codeaccountcode, but I dont know how to update codeaccountwascode on the page, cause I get an errorp  precodeundefined method accountwas for ltTransaction0x000001094e93f0gt codepre  pThanks for any helpp
Negative 387 pI have multiple Bluetooth devices from a vendor. When I paired my device it takes the same friendly name say codeBTDevicecode. Now when i pair all multiple devices I get the same name. in my codeListViewcode. I cannot show the the address of the device  in my List.I tried renaming the friendly name in Bluetooth settings but it still shows me BTDevice as device name when I do codedevice.getNamecode any suggestions to overcome this issue. p  pHere is the code.p  precodeprivate void getDevice ArrayListltStringgt bondedAdapter  new ArrayListltStringgt  try         BluetoothAdapter bluetoothAdapter  BluetoothAdapter.getDefaultAdapter        SetltBluetoothDevicegt bondedSet    bluetoothAdapter.getBondedDevices                  int count  0        ifbondedSet.size gt 0           forBluetoothDevice device  bondedSet                     bondedAdapter.adddevice.getNamendevice.getAddress                Log.iTabInflater, device.getName                else         bondedAdapter.addNo Devices               catch Exception e        Log.eTabInflater,Error        codepre  pIn my log it says I have paired to Addresses hidden intentionallyp  precodeBTDevice BTDevice BTDevice codepre
Negative 387 pI tested a standard Preference tutorial, without any problem..  but in this tutorialin all of the similar examples, the Preferences activity intent is started from within the main activity...p  pI tried to duplicate the simple test code inside my app, but the Preferences activity intent is started from within a List activity...  from the menu bar p  precodepublic class TrainingListActivity extends FragmentActivity implements         TrainingListFragment.Callbacks        .....     public void settingsActivity          Intent settingsActivity  new Intentthis, Preferences.class         startActivitysettingsActivity       codepre  pso I added it in the manifest.xml indicating  TrainingListActivity as parent activityp  precodeltactivity     androidnamecom.swimtechtest.swimmer.TrainingListActivity     androidlabelstringappname gt     androidthemeandroidstyleTheme.Black.NoTitleBar gt     ltintentfiltergt         ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt         ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt     ltintentfiltergt ltactivitygt ltactivity     androidnamecom.swimtechtest.swimmer.Preferences     androidlabelstringtitlepreferences     androidparentActivityName.Preferences gt     ltmetadata         androidnameandroid.support.PARENTACTIVITY         androidvalue.TrainingListActivity gt ltactivitygt codepre  pbut when running it, I get a runtime error p  blockquote   pandroid.preference.Preference cannot be cast to android.preference.GenericInflaterParentp blockquote  pthis seems to be raised at the end of the Preferences  codeonCreatecode method, on the setDefaultValues...  any clue  p  precodeOverride public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     getFragmentManager.beginTransaction         .replaceandroid.R.id.content, new PrefsFragment.commit     PreferenceManager.setDefaultValuesPreferences.this, R.xml.preferences,         false  codepre  ppreferences.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltPreferenceScreen xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid gt ltPreferenceCategory androidtitleMy list of Preferences gt     ltCheckBoxPreference         androiddefaultValuefalse         androidkeycheckboxPref         androidsummaryThis preference can be true or false         androidtitleCheckbox Preference gt     ltListPreference         androiddefaultValuedigiGreen         androidentriesarraylistArray         androidentryValuesarraylistValues         androidkeylistPref         androidsummaryThis preference allows to select an item in a array         androidtitleYour favorite Pet gt     ltEditTextPreference         androidnameEditText Preference         androiddefaultValueNothing         androidkeyeditTextPref         androidsummaryThis allows you to enter a string         androidtitleEdit This Text gt     ltRingtonePreference         androidnameRingtone Preference         androidkeyringtonePref         androidsummarySelect a ringtone         androidtitleRingtones gt     ltPreferenceScreen         androidkeySecondPrefScreen         androidsummaryThis is a sub PreferenceScreen         androidtitleSecondary Level gt         ltintent             androidactionandroid.intent.action.VIEW             androidtargetClasscom.example.preferencesexample.Preferences2             androidtargetPackagecom.example.preferencesexample gt     ltPreferenceScreengt     ltPreference         androidkeycustomPref         androidsummaryThis works almost like a button         androidtitleCustom Preference gt ltPreferenceCategorygt ltPreferenceScreengt codepre  pconsolelogp  precodeFATAL EXCEPTION main  Process com.swimtechtest.swimmer, PID 9690  java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start activity       ComponentInfocom.swimtechtest.swimmercom.swimtechtest.swimmer.Preferences     java.lang.ClassCastException android.preference.Preference cannot be cast to     android.preference.GenericInflaterParent at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2195 at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2245 at android.app.ActivityThread.access800ActivityThread.java135 at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1196 at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102 at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java136      ....      Caused by java.lang.ClassCastException android.preference.Preference cannot be cast to android.preference.GenericInflaterParent at android.preference.GenericInflater.inflateGenericInflater.java320 at android.preference.GenericInflater.inflateGenericInflater.java263 at android.preference.PreferenceManager.inflateFromResourcePreferenceManager.java272 at android.preference.PreferenceManager.setDefaultValuesPreferenceManager.java485 at android.preference.PreferenceManager.setDefaultValuesPreferenceManager.java444 at com.swimtechtest.swimmer.Preferences.onCreatePreferences.java19 at android.app.Activity.performCreateActivity.java5231 at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1087 at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2159 codepre
Negative 387 pI am using sumy a hrefhttpsgithub.commisobelicasumy relnofollowhttpsgithub.commisobelicasumya for python textsummarizationp  pI get this error when I use HtmlParser.p  precodeTraceback most recent call last File , line 1, in  File usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagessumyparsershtml.py, line 6, in  from readability.readable import Article ImportError No module named readable codepre  pHow can I fix this problemp  pI have done the following,p  precodepip install sumy     pip install readabilityapi codepre
Negative 387 pHow can I make SWIProlog interpreter to automatically do a semicolon I have a lot of results about 300 due to backtracking and I dont want to push semicolon for all of them.p  pI do NOT want a list of all solutions, I only want not to push semicolon or space so I can leave the program printing backtracked solutions on background.p
Negative 387 pi created a windows form application in VS2010 using QBSDK.p  pmy problem is that the target has QB installed and running, but i get an error when trying to deploy my oneclick application. the error is just that the application generated an error  and i cannot find the log file to see what actually happened.p  pto solve it, If i install the QBSDK onto the target machine, it runs fine.p  pMy question is what do i need to include in my deployment so i DONT have to install the SDKp
Negative 387 pIm following the tutorial for a hrefhttpmscrmshop.blogspot.be201203howtousecrmsvcutilimprovedversion.html relnofollowhttpmscrmshop.blogspot.be201203howtousecrmsvcutilimprovedversion.htmla on autogenerating an XrmServiceContext file for Dynamics CRM 2011 development.p  pI have a solution with 3 projects. Each project has a slightly different namespace, depending on whether its for Plugins, Workflows or the web portal. They all share the format company.software.productversion.module, and only module is different. I want to generate 1 file for each project and put them in the appropriate folders, but I only want to build this project once every time I change my CRM configuration, after which it builds 3 context files 1 for each namespace and places it into the correct folders.p  pIs there a way to configure the config file for this project so this happens automaticallyp
Negative 387 pIncluded is some code that can find a single number such as 5555555555 in a string. But Im not quite sure how to extend the code to find all phone numbers within a string. The code stops after it has found the first number...p  precodedefn foo [x] refind rematcher ddd x codepre  pIs there a way to extend this code to find all numbers within a stringp
Negative 387 pI have developed a C WCF application, which when called performs inserts and updates in a MySQL 5.6 database, running on a Windows 2008 server, with IIS.  The requests can range from a single update or insert for 1 row, to 1000 updates or 1000 inserts per request.p  pInitially the 3rd party remote connections was minimal.  But now the load and number of requests has increased.p  pTherefore, Im now looking at providing the best possible solutions in terms of a high availability service, with redundant MySQL failover whilst being able to ensure that the service can handle the number of requests providing rapid response.p  pCan anyone offer any advice on how to achieve this.p
Negative 387 pI need to call the same thread multiple times in my app. Using my original code, the first time is can be executed just fine. But the second time it crashes  I then learned that each thread shall only be executed not more than one time.p  pMy original piece of codep  precodeView.OnClickListener myClickListener  new View.OnClickListener       Override     public void onClickView v          mythread.start         Thread mythread  new Thread      Override     public void run           runOnUiThreadnew Runnable              public void run                  demoBt.setTextRunning...                             try          sleep1000      catch InterruptedException e          e.printStackTrace                      runOnUiThreadnew Runnable              public void run                  demoBt.setTextFinished...                             codepre  pSo as I said, it crashes if I try to run it for the second time. So I tried modifying it likep  precodeView.OnClickListener myClickListener  new View.OnClickListener       Override     public void onClickView v          test        private void test      Thread mythread  new Thread          Override         public void run               runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                  public void run                      demoBt.setTextRunning...                                         try              sleep1000          catch InterruptedException e              e.printStackTrace                              runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                  public void run                      demoBt.setTextFinished...                                                  mythread.start  codepre  pIt works very good but my question is that whether this is the correct way to do this action or there is a more optimal way to do this p  pAlso, is it an acceptable thing to call a thread from insider of another thread like the way I put stuff on UI Thread inside the new thread of minep  pEDIT This is just an example. For my actual code I have heavy mathbased simulation to be done which takes 10sec to be done. Based on the results that will be shown to the user , they may want to change their input parameters and let the simulation run again. This will happen several times.p
Negative 387 pit is hard to explain and my english doesnt help, but there it is I have two data tables  nodes and records. In the nodes table I save data of questions and data of answers p  pstrongnodesstrong  id  name   type  p  pstrongrecordsstrong  id  questionid  answerid p  pIve tried albeit unsuccessfully, to make an sql query to gave me the data of all records but with the name of the answer and question intead of the id. In short, what I need is  records.id,  nodes.name question , nodes.name answerp
Negative 387 pIm using Cakes form helper, and it is supposed to prepopulate when I set thisrequestdata to something in my controller.  It is prepopulating for normal typetext input boxes, but not for typeselect.  Anyone know why  p  pIf I prthisrequestdata in my view I get this resultp  precodeArray    [EventInvoiceHardsurface] gt Array              [id] gt 7868         [expeditingnotes] gt Fake expiditing notes         [installationnotes] gt Fake installation notes.           [PurchasingProduct] gt Array              [stylenumber] gt BDP         [stylename] gt DUNDEE PLANK 3 14         [PurchasingProductColor] gt Array              [name] gt CB1230 SEASHELL        codepre  pThis does NOT prepopulatep  precode                            ltthisgtFormgtinputPurchasingProductColor.name, arraytype gt select, label gt Product Color, div gt false, placeholder gt Color Name, class gt inputmedium, disabled gt disabled, empty gt truegt codepre  pBut this DOESp  precode                            ltthisgtFormgtinputPurchasingProductColor.name, arraytype gt text, label gt Product Color, div gt false, placeholder gt Color Name, class gt inputmedium, disabled gt disabled, empty gt truegt codepre  pIve tried removing the empty  true and removing the placeholder and removing the disabled, but none of those things made a difference.  p  pAny ideas guys  Thanks.  p  pEdit p  pI just ended up using this.  p  precode                            ltthisgtFormgtinputPurchasingProductColor.name, arraytype gt select, label gt Product Color, div gt false, placeholder gt Color Name, class gt inputmedium, options gt arrayemptythisgtrequestgtdata[PurchasingProductColor][id]  thisgtrequestgtdata[PurchasingProductColor][id]   gt emptythisgtrequestgtdata[PurchasingProductColor][name]  thisgtrequestgtdata[PurchasingProductColor][name]  gt codepre  pI lose the empty  true functionality, and the disabled functionality, but I will controls those via javascript.  p  pThanks.  p
Negative 387 pI have an issue with vagrant executing commands over ssh. The session terminates after acknowledging my command.p  pFor example if I typep  precodevagrant ssh c echo hello codepre  phello will appear in the terminal and then the session closes. p  pOther than config.ssh.timeout is there any other setting I should check or changep
Negative 387 pIm creating a theme with Wordpress and Bootstrap and have included their dropdown for a filtering element on the page. It works fine in all browsers, including when I scale them down to mobile size. But, when I visit the site from an iPhone or iPad the dropdown doesnt drop down, so to speak. p  pThis is the markup that I havep  precodeltdiv classcolmd4 colsm6gt     ltdiv classbdoemployeefilter dropdowngt         ltdiv classdropdowntoggle filterbutton typebutton datatoggledropdowngt             ltdiv classtextgtFiltreraltdivgt             ltdiv classarrowgtltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltul classdropdownmenu rolemenugt             ltligtlta hrefgtRensa filtreringltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefgtITltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefgtOffice of World Reignltagtltligt         ltulgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pI have tried following a hrefhttpgetbootstrap.comcomponentsdropdowns relnofollowBootstraps examplea and cant really see what could be wrong. Nothing happens at all when I try to open the dropdown from an iphone or ipad. On the same page I use their a hrefhttpgetbootstrap.comcomponentsnavbar relnofollownavbar dropdowna, and that works fine on all devices.p
Negative 387 pI have a 2d array.p  precodepublic static void mainString[] args       int[][] array2d  new int[][]         1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,         2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20,         1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64, 81, 100,         2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2,         1, 4, 9, 16, 9, 7, 4, 9, 11,         1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1,         0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4      codepre  p1. I need to get the product of each row alone. So I need to get product of row 1, row 2, row 3, row 4, etc. and print them out. Then I need to get the product of the whole entire 2d array and print that. How do I do that I have been trying at it for like 2 hours now and had no luck p  p2. I need to display the number of 2s in each row of the array, and as well display the total number of 2s in this array. How can I do thatp  pThis is what I have so far...p  precodepublic static void taskTwoint[][] array2d          int prod  1         forint i0iltarray2d.lengthi                   prod  array2d[i][0]  array2d[i][1]        System.out.println     String productFixed  NumberFormat.getIntegerInstance.formatprod     System.out.printlnThe product is  productFixed codepre
Negative 387 pSomeone was talking with me about wraparound in C 0xffff  0x0001  0x0000, and it led me to the following situationp  precodeint main    unsigned int a   for a  0 a gt 1 a     printfdn, a   return 0  codepre  pCompiling with GCC, this program exits without running the loop, which I assume is because code1code was implicitly cast to code0xffffcode.  The same happens when switching codeintcode to codelongcode.  However, when switching to codecharcode, the program runs indefinitely.  I would expect that since the codeintcode did not run the loop, neither would the codecharcode.  Can someone explain what sort of implicit casting the compiler is performing in this situation, and is it defined in one of the editions of the C standard or is it compilerdependentp
Negative 387 pThe conversion of file from any format to mp4, following are some of the preferred  formats file formats codeflv,webm,wmv,avi,m4vcode are the files which i am using, and i tried many of the codec with different codeffmpegcode codelinuxcode version but failed. please do the needful helpp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pIm currently working on an app that is using a tableview. Each row displays certain information and some rows should have a progress bar showing the user how far the event is according to the schedule.p  pOn iOS the following code snippet will get me the progress bar with demo value in the snippet I want, but on Android I wont get anything. It makes sense to me that Titanium.UI.iPhone.ProgressBarStyle.PLAIN wont work for Android but I am unable to find how to apply the correct style for android. even if I leave it out I dont even get a bar on android like I do on iOS.p  precodevar myProgress  Ti.UI.createProgressBar top50, width 100, height4, min0, max10, value 5, styleTitanium.UI.iPhone.ProgressBarStyle.PLAIN    self.addmyProgress myProgress.show codepre  pAny help is appreciated.p  pExample on how it is displayed in iOS p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQaqY9.png althttpi62.tinypic.com2e5nxts.jpgp
Negative 387 pI want to write a linq query where I want to check each iteration of an inner list. Without linq, this would basically be a nested for loop  like thisp  precodeListltItemgt selectedList  new ListltItemgt             foreach Item i in item.Children                              var childPages  from innerItem in i.Children                                    where innerItem.Template.BaseTemplates.Containsnew TemplateItemContextDatabase.GetItemtemplateID, new Compare                                    select innerItem.DefaultIfEmpty                  if childPages.First  null                                      selectedList.AddRangechildPages.ToList                               codepre  pI converted the inner loop into a linq query  now I want to convert the for loop into the same  is there a way to write this in linq, so that I dont have to have the foeach loopp
Negative 387 pIn previous versions I was able to run this query and get back the nodes that DO NOT have inbound ltPROPERTYgt relationsp  precodestart enodeentitynameftnamedoe MATCH elt[rPROPERTY] WHERE r IS NULL return e codepre  pIn the new version the  operator is no longer accepted. I must use OPTIONAL MATCHp  precodestart enodeentitynameftnamedoe OPTIONAL MATCH elt[rPROPERTY] WHERE r IS NULL return e codepre  pThe problem is that if I use it like in the query below I also get the nodes that DO HAVE inbound ltPROPERTYgt relationsp  pHow do I return only the nodes that DO NOT have inbound ltPROPERTYgt relationsp
Negative 387 pmy ffmpeg command gives error when I try to convert video format. I have installed ffmpeg manually as guided in this link a hrefhttpstrac.ffmpeg.orgwikiCentosCompilationGuide relnofollowhttpstrac.ffmpeg.orgwikiCentosCompilationGuidea. for above issue I have also checked a hrefhttpunix.stackexchange.comquestions34023ffmpegerrorwhileloadingsharedlibrarieslibtheoraencso1httpunix.stackexchange.comquestions34023ffmpegerrorwhileloadingsharedlibrarieslibtheoraencso1a but not able to resolve my issue.p  pMy command is  rootbinffmpeg i homepulsebrkpublichtmlbetauseruploads61148a008470721f06c8dc71efa70622f99799e91.avi acodec libvorbis ac 2 ab 96k ar 44100 b 345k s x homepulsebrkpublichtmlbetauseruploads61148a008470721f06c8dc71efa70622f99799e91.ogv and error is  rootbinffmpeg error while loading shared libraries libtheoraenc.so.1 cannot open shared object file No such file or directoryp  plibtheroa version is  1.1.1 please anyone drive me for above issue.p
Negative 387 pIn IE11, my local hosted sites always renders with Document Mode EDGE. Technically it should use doctype IE9, because of my page doctypep  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt codepre  pBelow are steps i have preformed before postingp  ol liunchecked strongDisplay internet sites in Compatibility Viewstrong from IE, also my compatibility view list is empty.li liCheck my machine.config,web.configglobal,web.configwebsite. there is no Compatibility relevant configuration in them.li liAlso there is no metadata in my page the force browser to render it in EDGE mode.li ol  pMy dev environment is Windows7 64bit, ASP.net 4.5 and  IIS 7.5p  pThanks for reading the question.p
Negative 387 pMy CPU is Intel i53470 processor, and Im trying to run Google Maps in the Android emulator with steps mentioned in that various blogs and wikis. All blogswikis says to create a emulator with the ARM processor.p  pWhen Im trying to create an emulator, that option is disabled, and so I cannot change the processor information in the Android emulator creation step. Is there a way to create an emulator of such configuration, and is it possible to run Google Maps in the Android  Emulator with i5 as my processorp
Negative 387 pfirst time here on stackoverflow and first time scripting in flashCS6. ill get down to it  the only lang ive done is html and a bit of css. I tried learning java, but gave up since i realised im making flash games so might as well just do AS3. Its pretty similar and not at all at the  same time. As my first original program i did a tutorial of pong from a website before, got to know a bit about functions and event handlerscode[httpas3gametuts.com20110319pong1]code, im trying to create a calculator, and  what  want to know is how i can return the values from two input fields, put them into a logic calculator say input a is 1 and input b is 2, and there are four functions, each attached to an event listener for the 4 mathematical operations, and i press addition so the calculator goes 213  main question here, how do i get the outut text field to display the answer. In java i just used codesystem.out.printlninputA  inputB.code Here i tried to do out.text   a  b where out is output , a is input and b is input 2p  pHere is the code i have so far a is input 1, b is input 2 Out is output and mul, add, sub and div are symbols containing dynamic test fields with instance names adn, sub, mul and div respectively. The symbol instances are the same as the test instances Ex i have a text field that says addition, its instance name is adn, then i convert it to a symbol and make its instance name adn as well.p  precodea.text.restrict  09 b.text.restrict  09  mul.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, output adn.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, addition sub.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, subtraction div.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, division a.addEventListenerTextInput,input b.addEventListenerTextInput,input  function output void      out.texttest to see if output works  function input eTextInput    function multiplication eMouseEvent     function addition eMouseEvent    function subtraction eMouseEvent    function division eMouseEvent    codepre  pthanks guys, and cheers Also, ill appreciate if anyone can link me to a good video or text tutorial series for AS3 introduction. My main focus is to be making PC games and not apps, so keep that in mind. p
Negative 387 pIn GHCi  means outputp  pre classlanghs prettyprintoverridecodedata Unit  Unit let x  Unit let y   p x gt x  t1Unit p y gt y   i  gt data        Defined in GHC.Tuple codepre  pWhy do codeUnitcode and codecode behave differently There are also other types that behave like codecode, for example codeIntcode and codeCharcode. Are there any other such typesp  pSurprisingly, when I replace codecode by codeundefinedcode, it behaves as I expected againp  pre classlanghs prettyprintoverridecodelet y  undefined   p y y  t2 codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying to run wkhtmltopdf from my c code but it keeps returning a 1301 or 1005 error. I cant find anything regarding these error codes, any ideas Im using the codeprintmediatypecode switch so I the pdf will look the same as if it were printed on a physical printer. The pdf does get created, it is just 0 bytes long.p  phere is the command line parametersp  precodewkhtmltopdf.exe httpgoogle.com google.pdf printmediatype codepre
Negative 387 pFor example I have a file under codehostvarscode that contains the following variablep  precodehosts    xxx    yyy codepre  pIs it possible to specify a variable like that in an inventory file I know you can specify a single value with codevarvaluecode but not a list var.p
Negative 387 pSuppose I have a database table full of cars. There is a new row for each new version of a car, but they would share the same value in codecaridcode, like so p  precodecarid111, engine4 cylinder, version1 carid111, engine8 cylinder, version2 carid222, engine8 cylinder, version1 codepre  pI want to apply a WHERE clause that would search through all versions of each car, but I only want to display the row for the newest version. For example, if I wanted to know which cars have ever had a 4 cylinder engine, I would want the query to returnp  precodecarid111, engine8 cylinder, version2 codepre  pMy SQL might look like thisp  precodeSELECT a.carid, a.engine, a.version  FROM cars a  WHERE a.engine6 cylinder  AND a.carid NOT IN      SELECT b.id, b.engine, b.version      FROM sometable b      WHERE b.engine  6 cylinder      AND a.version2ltb.version2 codepre  pMy problem is that this requires the SQL columns and where criteria to be stated twice. p  pSuppose I did not have the DB privileges to create a view, and my query had lots of formatting of values in each column and a complicated where clause that applied to every column. The approach of the above SQL would be hideous. Is there an approach that doesnt require columns or where clauses to be defined twicep  pTo clarify, suppose instead of writing codea.enginecode, I had to write codeCASE WHEN a.engine IS NOT NULL THEN someothertable.value ELSE FUNCTION5,cactus END AS enginecode and I had 10 other columns each with long definitions. How would I avoid writing this mess twicep  pI am using an oracle DB.p  pThanks, brTristanp
Negative 387 pUsing MySQL and I have two tables similar to the following. Both actually have more rows and more columns but for ease of reading, Ive only put a fewp  pstrongwpahmfilesstrongp  precodeID  FieldA  FieldB  FieldC  69  ABC      DEF      GHI codepre  pstrongwpahmfilemetastrongp  ppID in this table refers to the ID of the table abovep  precodeID  pID  Name     Value  25  69   Version  12345 26  69   Expiry   29081981 codepre  pHow do I bring back a resultset such asp  precodeID  FieldA  FieldB  FieldC  Version  Expiry  69  ABC      DEF      GHI      12345    29081981 codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying to make simple app for android, using webView and HTML5javaScript. I want to store user data in WebSQL database. My app works good on Android Virtual Device and from browser on PC, but when I trying to run it on my mobile phone android 2.3.5, it cant connect to database, window.openDatabasename, 1.0, name, 10241024 returns null. In activity.java I set webView.getSettings.setDatabaseEnabledtrue. Maybe I need to set anything else for older androidsp
Negative 387 precodesubscription Object id 3, type all, name Order Payment Status Fully Paid, categoryid 1, admincontactselector admin1 admincontact Object admincontactselector admin1 category Object display flight [All] id 1 producttype flight proto Object categoryid 1 id 3 name Order Payment Status Fully Paid type all proto Object codepre  pI have  subscription object with the id value. I want to display the value of display in the category object.p  precodeprint ltpregt vardumpsubscription[category][dispaly] print ltpregt gt codepre  pmy problem return value is null, real value is flight [All]p  pThanks a lotp
Negative 387 pI want to extract event information from a certain webpage. But I get only a little part of content not the entire content. Only if I click the read more link or clicking on that specific link I get the entire data. So I noticed that the id in the url is only changing but I dont know how to extract the id from url. If I specify a place as ip and pass its id in the program then it would be more easy. How can I be able to access the idp
Negative 387 precodepublic class XMPPChatDemoActivity extends Activity       public static final String HOST  talk.google.com     public static final int PORT  5222     public static final String SERVICE  gmail.com     public static final String USERNAME  XXXXXX     public static final String PASSWORD  XXXXXX      private XMPPConnection connection     private ArrayListltStringgt messages  new ArrayListltStringgt     private Handler mHandler  new Handler      private EditText recipient     private EditText textMessage     private ListView listview       Called when the activity is first created.      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.main          recipient  EditText this.findViewByIdR.id.toET         textMessage  EditText this.findViewByIdR.id.chatET         listview  ListView this.findViewByIdR.id.listMessages         connect         Button send  Button this.findViewByIdR.id.sendBtn         send.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener              public void onClickView view                  String to  recipient.getText.toString                 String text  textMessage.getText.toString                 Message msg  new Messageto, Message.Type.chat                 msg.setBodytext                               if connection  null                      connection.sendPacketmsg                     messages.addtext                     setListAdapter                                                  public void setConnectionXMPPConnection connection          this.connection  connection         if connection  null               Add a packet listener to get messages sent to us             PacketFilter filter  new MessageTypeFilterMessage.Type.chat             connection.addPacketListenernew PacketListener                  Override                 public void processPacketPacket packet                      Message message  Message packet                     if message.getBody  null                          String fromName  StringUtils.parseBareAddressmessage                                 .getFrom                           messages.addfromName                           messages.addmessage.getBody                          Add the incoming message to the list view                         mHandler.postnew Runnable                              public void run                                  setListAdapter                                                                                                         , filter                    private void setListAdapter          ArrayAdapterltStringgt adapter  new ArrayAdapterltStringgtthis,                 R.layout.listitem, messages         listview.setAdapteradapter           Override     protected void onDestroy          super.onDestroy         try              if connection  null                 connection.disconnect          catch Exception e                      public void connect          final ProgressDialog dialog  ProgressDialog.showthis,                 Connecting..., Please wait..., false         Thread t  new Threadnew Runnable              Override             public void run                   Create a connection                 ConnectionConfiguration connConfig  new ConnectionConfiguration                         HOST, PORT, SERVICE                 XMPPConnection connection  new XMPPConnectionconnConfig                  try                      connection.connect                     Log.iXMPPChatDemoActivity,                             Connected to   connection.getHost                  catch XMPPException ex                      Log.eXMPPChatDemoActivity, Failed to connect to                               connection.getHost                     Log.eXMPPChatDemoActivity, ex.toString                     setConnectionnull                                  try                       SASLAuthentication.supportSASLMechanismPLAIN, 0                     connection.loginUSERNAME, PASSWORD                     Log.iXMPPChatDemoActivity,                             Logged in as   connection.getUser                       Set the status to available                     Presence presence  new PresencePresence.Type.available                     connection.sendPacketpresence                     setConnectionconnection                                        catch XMPPException ex                      Log.eXMPPChatDemoActivity, Failed to log in as                               USERNAME                     Log.eXMPPChatDemoActivity, ex.toString                     setConnectionnull                                   dialog.dismiss                               t.start         dialog.show       codepre  pI am creating a multipeople chat application. I am using XMPP with asmack so for implementation i used the XMPPDemo code but the problem is i can send message only to single user. But can receive messages from multiple users. I have no idea why this is happening. please suggest the solutions.p
Negative 387 pI Know how to animate a view to whole screen and animate back to its original size. here is the link to do this a hrefhttpgist.github.comrafali5146957 relnofollowRe sizing through animationap  pBut the problem is that this technique works only when if my view is place at the start of the screen.p  pWhat i want is that if my view of height and width 50,50 is placed in center of screen below some button and i click that view it should animate to fill the whole screen and when clicked again it animates back to its original size 50,50p
Negative 387 pIs there a clever way to do this It doesnt have to work across all browsers as its only supplementary but I wondered if there is a quick way round this.p  pIm using Cycle2 to create a slider, which has captions that come from the alt text. E.gp  precodeltimg srcimagesdatasportsnetball.png altNetballgt codepre  pThis displays a caption underneath the icon with Netball in.p  pAt present these can all only be one colour default black as they use the same class for every caption, as it scrolls through.p  precodeltdiv idaltcaption classcentergtltdivgt codepre  pI dont really want to start hacking up the code as it works quite well, but I thought it would be good to make each caption a different text colour, to match the colour of the icon. p  pIs there a way to do this e.g using Javascript, grab the data inside the alt e.g grab Netball and make it put this in the class of the caption so it would readp  precodeltdiv idaltcaption classcenter Netballgtltdivgt codepre  pBecause these are constantly changing it needs to replace netball classname with the alt for the next icon e.g footballp  pLive example see the sports section a hrefhttpfh80.student.eda.kent.ac.ukfyp relnofollowhttpfh80.student.eda.kent.ac.ukfypap
Negative 387 pI got an Kendo ui Bar Chart which is filled with an dynamic array. bR One time its filled with 12 items and one time its filled with only 1 item. br Now the Bars automatically resizes, when only one item is in the array, the Bar is super big. brI now, that there is no maxwidth or width property in the configuration. p  pIs there a workaround for my problem I.E. dynamic calculation of the gapspace or whatever property Or even with css or sop  pHere is an simple a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netfool9VZdS321 relnofollowfiddleap  precodevar dataset  [1,2,3,3,5,6,8] var dataOnlyOne  [10]  gap0.2   gap function     return width12...      works not  codepre
Negative 387 pWhat does JUnit do or test for in this programp  precodepublic class TestFailure extends TestCase           public static void test throws MalformedURLException, IOException             ByteArrayOutputStream baos  new ByteArrayOutputStream             JavaSourceViewer.writeURL2Streamhttpwww.google.de, baos             assertTruebaos.toString.containsgoogle checks condition is true           codepre
Negative 387 pHow to Find MAXIMUM Length of EmpName Column from Employee Table. EmpName Umesh Umesh Patel Vishwajeet Kumarp  pWhat Sql Query i Should Write to find MAXIMUM Length of EmpName Column. p
Negative 387 pIm writing the following code purely for fun and there are probably still errors or it may not even work at allp  precodepublic class PrimeGenerator implements PrimitiveIterator.OfInt      private final static IntNode HEADNODE  new IntNode2 error here      private IntNode lastNode  HEADNODE     private int current  0      Override     public boolean hasNext          return true          Override     public int nextInt          if lastNode.value  current              lastNode  lastNode.next             return lastNode.value                  while true              current             if isPrimecurrent                  break                               appendNodecurrent         return current           private boolean isPrimefinal int number          PrimeGenerator primeGenerator  new PrimeGenerator         int prime  0         while prime lt number              prime  primeGenerator.nextInt             if number  prime  0                  return false                               return true           private void appendNodefinal int value          couplelastNode, new IntNodevalue           private void couplefinal IntNode first, final IntNode second          first.next  second         second.previous  first            private class IntNode          public final int value          public IntNode previous         public IntNode next          public IntNodefinal int value              this.value  value                codepre  pFor people not known with Java 8, dont worry, codePrimitiveIterator.OfIntcode, works the same as codeIteratorltIntegergtcode.p  pThe issue I am having is on the second line, namely thep  precodeprivate final static IntNode HEADNODE  new IntNode2 codepre  pI get the warning codenonstatic variable this cannot be referenced from a static classcode.p  pI have searched and it should be able to be fixed by making codeIntNodecode nondependant on codePrimeGeneratorcode, by moving it in its own public class.p  pHowever, what can I do if I do not want codeIntNodecode to be publicly knownp
Negative 387 pHow do I go about extracting the image type from a url using JSoup Im parsing an html, and it can send in the image url  using asbUrl . However, I need to test it for its type. Right now it makes everything become a .png, which obviously doesnt work for most types. Any ideasp
Negative 387 pOn my server this simple JOIN takes strong2.3strong seconds to execute. Ive tried all I could find about indexes and MySQL optimization. Anyway this is too slow. Any more ideasp  h2Queryh2  pre SELECT DISTINCT route.id AS idroute, MINbegins AS minbegins,  MINminprice AS minprice, MINtrip.id AS id, MINtrip.tripid AS tripid,  route.routeid, route.name AS routename, route.iddestination,  route.luxuryclass, route.idportofdeparture, route.idportofarrival,  route.idorganizer, route.idship, route.idreederei  FROM trip JOIN route ON route.id  trip.idroute  WHERE NOT trip.deleted  AND NOT route.deleted  AND language  de  AND begins  20140304  AND ends  1  GROUP BY route.id  ORDER BY minprice  LIMIT 20 offset 0 pre  h2Explainh2  pre  1. row             id 1   selecttype SIMPLE         table route          type ref possiblekeys PRIMARY,language,routesailingarea           key language       keylen 768           ref const          rows 7804      filtered 100.00         Extra Using where Using temporary Using filesort  2. row             id 1   selecttype SIMPLE         table trip          type ref possiblekeys idroute2,idroute,begins,ends,minprice,idroutedeletedbeginsends,idroutedeletedbeginsendsminprice           key idroute2       keylen 5           ref typo3g7.route.id          rows 1      filtered 100.00         Extra Using where pre  h2Indexesh2  pa hrefhttpkreuzfahrtauswahl.decachetmpIndex.txt relnofollowhttpkreuzfahrtauswahl.decachetmpIndex.txtap  pMySQL 5.5.34p  pThank you.p
Negative 387 pI want to remove Bootstrap 3 Glyphicons in favor of Font Awesome. Since Font Awesome already includes most of the Glyphicons y dont want to include them and avoid duplicates and compatibility problems.p  pwhen I make a customized bootstrap download and I uncheck the glyphicon component, I still see some glyphicon references on the css file. a hrefhttpgetbootstrap.comcustomizehttpgetbootstrap.comcustomizeap  pHow can I disable those icons entirely p  pthanksp
Negative 387 pIm struggling for some time now with the collection form. I have a collection with of at least 3 included forms. But because included forms are not rendered, I cannot fill them up in functional test.p  pThis is how the collection looks likep  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodegtaddreferences, collection, array             type        gt reference,             allowadd   gt true,             constraints gt array                 new CCountarray                     min        gt 3,                     minMessage gt You should specify at least 3 references.                                        codepre  pAnd when this form is render it looks like p  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltlabel classrequiredgtReferencesltlabelgtltdiv idformreferences dataprototypehereistherenderedprototypeofembeddedformgt codepre  pHow could I force Symfony Form to render couple of embedded forms also, without using javascript, so that I could easily functional test them or use them on browser without enabled JSp  pOne more thing, forms are not bind to EnityModel but just represent a simple array. p
Negative 387 pOut of curiosity, if I type these lines in MATLABp  precodea  logical[12 0 1.2] b  boolean[12 0 1.2] codepre  pThe output variables codeacode and codebcode are the same same value and type. Hence, is there any difference between codebooleancode and codelogicalcodep
Negative 387 phi I want to add some option for text highlighting in the clipboard manager. I set the androidtextisSelectabletrue now when I long click on text only two options comes one is for copy and other for select all. can I add the third option in that like pick a color and highlight the selectable text or anyother simple way to do this here is the imagep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZbTxm.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pI have two database for exampleA and B. I have already made a crystal report which take values from database B. But now I want to upload this report to the Database A with an unique id. When the user will see the report the program will fetch the report from Database A. And the the report will take the data from database B. Need some suggestions.p
Negative 387 pI am implementing Fixed Point math on an embedded system using C.  p  pFor readability, I state the denominator as a power of 2  p  precodedefine FixedPointBase 4096U codepre  pHowever, when Im converting to and from the Fixed Point math, I need the shift quantity  p  precodedefine FixedPointBitPosition 12U codepre  pTo make maintenance easier and the code more robust, I would like to have a codedefinecode for the bit position number of shifts in terms of the FixedPointBase numberp  precodedefine FixedPointBitPositionx ... codepre  pThe only method I know involves logarithms and division, and I really dont want to use logarithms or division in an embedded systemp  precodebit count  ln4096  ln2 codepre  pIm looking for a preprocessor macro or compile time solution that returns the bit position of a power of 2.  p  pMy web search has returned examples in code, but not as compiletime  preprocessor solution.p  pFYI, Im using IAR Embedded Workbench with an ARM7TDMI processor.br strongEdit 1strong Im using MISRA C 2004 guidelines with Parasoft Static Analysis and Coverity Static Analysis tools.  Answers must pass these constraints.p
Negative 387 pIm custmozing the DataGridColumns of a ListView.p  pI have many situations p  p1 somtimes, the column header is just one word Id, in this case I use this code p  precodeltGridViewColumn WidthAuto                 DisplayMemberBindingBinding Id                 HeaderId gt codepre  p2 sometimes, the column header is composed of many word, in this case i display them in multilines, using a TextBlock with TextWrapping p  precodeltGridViewColumn Width85                 DisplayMemberBindingBinding ManyWordsColumnHeader gt     ltGridViewColumnHeadergt         ltTextBlock TextMany words column header                    TextWrappingWrap gt     ltGridViewColumnHeadergt ltGridViewColumngt codepre  p3 sometimes, the content of the lines is Multibinded many properties in the same time, like this p  precodeltGridViewColumn HeaderFist name amp last namegt     ltGridViewColumn.CellTemplategt         ltDataTemplate DataTypemodelsPersonClassgt             ltTextBlockgt                 ltTextBlock.Textgt                     ltMultiBinding StringFormat0 1gt                         ltBinding PathFirstName gt                         ltBinding PathLastName gt                     ltMultiBindinggt                 ltTextBlock.Textgt             ltTextBlockgt         ltDataTemplategt     ltGridViewColumn.CellTemplategt ltGridViewColumngt codepre  pWhat should I do if I have a column header name composed of many word and the content of line should be multibinded to many properties p  pIn others words  I want to combine the second and the third case together p
Negative 387 pSuppose, there are codeNcode ordered boxes codeBox1, Box2, Box3, ... , BoxNcode. My question is, what is the probability of the event that strictly only M boxes are in their rightful position M boxes need not be contiguous.p  pFor example, there are three boxes, ie N3. Permutations are p  pcode[Box1,Box2,Box3]  [Box1,Box3,Box2]  [Box2,Box1,Box3]  [Box2,Box3,Box1]  [Box3,Box1,Box2]  [Box3,Box2,Box1]codep  pIf codeM1code, the favourable outcomes are code[Box1,Box3,Box2] [Box3,Box2,Box1] [Box2,Box1,Box3]code. Hence, probability that strictly only one box is in its rightful position  code36code.p  pIll appreciate any help. I just cant find the solution.p
Negative 387 pSo i have some jquery, currently it is activated by clicking on a link and it changes the link from just text to opening up a google map view embedded in the web page  I want to eliminate the need to click and just want the map to load p  pI didnt write the template and Imma jquery noob, will someone hold my hand for a moment pleasep  precode        .openGoogleMap.bindclick, function              ifself.curPageview  null ampamp self.curPageview  undefined                 self.curPageview.findmapcanvas.eachfunction                      this.addClassopenMap                     setTimeoutfunction                         try                             ifself.mapLoad  mapinitialize self.mapLoad  true                            catch e                              this.htmlthis.datacon                                                               mapResizer                          self.curPageview.find.mScrollbar.each                                        function                                var selg  this                                          ifselg.dataadded                                  try    selg.mCustomScrollbarupdate     catch e                                                                                                       ,700                                         codepre  pCurrently, the .bindclick is what allows me to click the text to load the map in its place...I just want the map to load when its in view or whenever really the template is kinda funky, its a one pager, with a ton of javascript funkynessp  pI have tried changing click to load and inview guess its a separate script but now im thinking that .bind might be the problemp
Negative 387 pwhen i write a MySQL query, there occur a problem. here is my queryp  precodeSELECT      SUMviewproductcountdetails.viewproductcount AS countsum,     productdetails.productname,     productdetails.producturl,     productdetails.productprice,     productimagedetails.productimagename,     maincategorydetails.maincategoryurl,     subcategorydetails.subcategoryurl FROM     viewproductcountdetails         JOIN     productdetails ON viewproductcountdetails.productidfk  productdetails.productid         JOIN     productimagedetails ON productimagedetails.productidfk  viewproductcountdetails.productidfk         JOIN     maincategorydetails ON productdetails.productmaincatid  maincategorydetails.maincategoryid         JOIN     subcategorydetails ON productdetails.productsubcatidfk  subcategorydetails.subcategoryid WHERE     viewproductcountdetails.viewproductstatus  active GROUP BY viewproductcountdetails.productidfk ORDER BY countsum DESC LIMIT 4 codepre  pHere I have multiple images for one product.the images are in table productimagedetails. this query returns count as the number of images, where I need the count of product viewed by people which is stored in table viewproductcountdetails. when I just pick the count, i got the count as it is. but when i join the table productimage details, result become wrong. Is there any way to do it in single queryp  pPlease help me... Thanks in advance.... p
Negative 387 pIm trying to learn Node.js and writing a web app with the MEAN stack.p  pAs I send on an array of strings containing item data say, code[one, two, three]code to the server side, I have the following code to iterate through the array, check if a document with the element already exists in MongoDB, then accordingly create new documents in the database.  p  pserver side codep  precode items is an array of strings sent from the client side for var i  0 i lt items.length i          var itemname  items[i]                       For each item, find an existing one         Item.findOnename itemname , functionerr, item               If not already existing, add to database.             if item                           var newitem  new Item                 newitem.name  itemname                  newitem.savefunctionerr                      if err throw err                                              codepre  pThe problem is that codenewitem.namecode   always equals the last element in the array, i.e. codethreecodep  pMy guess is that the query in the database takes longer than the loop to run, so by the time were in the callback of codefindOnecode, weve already iterated to the end of the array.p  pIs this true  If so, what would be a work around for this problemp  pI understand that this is potentially be a common question that many may have asked before, but after some time of searching Im still not able to solve the problem.  Please advise.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to setup a simple ajax messageresponse with jquery on Django. I manage to see emPOST  HTTP1.1 200 7703em in the console, so I know the button is sending something. However, I cant figure out how to test the message being sent, or if any reply is making it back to the client.p  pedit it seems this might mean that the javascript is posting to the  view ... but im not sure how to fix thisp  pviews.pyp  precodedef buttonformuprequest     if request.POST.haskeyclientresponse         x  request.POST[clientresponse]                          y  strx                                 responsedict                                                    responsedict.updateserverresponse y                 return HttpResponsejson.dumpsresponsedict, mimetypeapplicationjson     else         responsedict                  responsedict.updateserverresponse failed no post                       return HttpResponsejson.dumpsresponsedict, mimetypeapplicationjson     responsedict              responsedict.updateserverresponse failed completely                   return HttpResponsejson.dumpsresponsedict, mimetypeapplicationjson should serve as ultimate failure point, but never gets here either codepre  pJavaScriptp  precodedocument.readyfunction      buttonupform.submitfunctione          e.preventDefault         var inputstring  subid.val         .ajax             url buttonformup,             type POST,             dataType json,             data                   clientresponse  inputstring,                 csrfmiddlewaretoken  csrftoken                  ,             success  functionjson                      result.append Server Response   json.serverresponse                 ,             error functionxhr,errmsg,err                      alertxhr.status     xhr.responseText                               return false       codepre  pin templatep  precodeltform methodpost namebuttonupform idbuttonupformgt      csrftoken      ltinput idsubid namesubid typehidden valuesubmission.idgt     ltinput typesubmit classarrowup valuegtltinputgt ltformgt codepre  pand codeltdiv idresultgtltdivgtcode which never manages to get updatedp  purls.pyp  precodeurlrbuttonformup, redparser.views.buttonformup, namebuttonformup, codepre  pIve spent a day trying to fix this, trying different combinations of jscript and server side code from a variety of sources, but nothing seems to want to work, so here I am. Thanks for any help, its greatly appreciated.p
Negative 387 pI have an items control with custom panel. Based on this itemsControl I am writing an Behavior Behavior What I need is whenever arrange override for my ItemsPanel is called my behaviour should get notified. In my behavior I have access to the itemsControl and the itemsPanel.p  pOne way is I can raise an event from ItemsPanel override and subscribe it in my Behavior.p  pBut if you there is a better solution please can you suggestp
Negative 387 pWhy would a person add a bloc in a Java class p  precodestatic       ...  codepre  pCould this have a bad result when having a web applicationp  pIs there any other alternativep
Negative 387 pIm developing a simple application for the iPhone which makes a post request with https protocol. This is the piece of codep  precodeNSMutableURLRequest urlRequest  [NSMutableURLRequest requestWithURLhttpsserverapp8443webapps] [urlRequest setHTTPMethodPOST] NSError error  nil [NSURLConnection sendSynchronousRequesturlRequest returningResponsenil erroramperror]  codepre  pand I have this errorp  pcodeError happened  Error DomainNSURLErrorDomain Code1202code The certificate for this server is invalid. You might be connecting to a server that is pretending to be serverapp which could put your confidential information at risk.p  pHow can I import the certificate into my projectp  hr  pThank you for the responses, but I dont want to bypass the certificate, but I want to communicate with the server with a valid certificate that I have. It is possible to do thisp
Negative 387 pUnfortunately the title I have given is very vague. I honestly wasnt sure how to word it. Anyway, basically I currently have a vertical navbar with a small caret beside the text. Once clicked, the particular button uncollapses and shows its contents.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPbHGI.png altenter image description herep  pAs seen in the image above, Im attempting to have a secondary caret that should be sitting on the right of the button. This caret will follow suit on every other button once I get it working. Anyway, Im currently using twitterbootstrap and from what I understand, I could be able to split the button into 2, each having their own function. For example, if one were to click the text and the downwards caret, it should uncollapse the menu Which it does fine right now. Though, when you click the right facing caret, it should just bring you to another page via an href or something. Currently, clicking either button will collapse and uncollapse the menu.p  pAs you can see, the right facing caret separates itself from the original button but in a weird way. On the far right of the image is an example of the button separation I would like. In the TwitterBootstrap example, the button text and the caret both do different functions. Im not entirely sure on how to achieve this via the current button setup I have. Im quite happy with how the current buttons look visually but I want to be able to add that secondary caret that is justified to the right of the button. As well as have that secondary button separate nicely, similar to that of the TwitterBootstrap example.p  pstrongTLDRstrong how do I get a button to split into 2 piece via the current HTML that I have. I would like to keep the styling and I would like each button to have its own functionality.p  pEnlarge image a hrefhttpi.imgur.comXm7ILoq.png relnofollowhttpi.imgur.comXm7ILoq.pngap
Negative 387 pHey everyone so Its been about 2 days now and still have no luck trying to setup admob with my application I dont understand what im doing wrong. Or really how to do it. Here is the link to the website with the instruction that i followed to the T But still no success Ughh. p  pHere is what I have so far in my startGameScreen Classp  precodeimport com.pozirk.ads.admob.AdMob import com.pozirk.ads.admob.AdParams import com.pozirk.ads.admob.AdEvent        ...   author Fitchett Development    public class startGameScreen extends MovieClip       public var mcStartMovieClip     public var btnMainMenuMovieClip     public var btnCreditsMovieClip     private var sndmainSongSound     private var mainChannelSoundChannel      protected var admobAdMob  new AdMob        public function startGameScreen                admob.addEventListenerAdEvent.INITOK, onEvent         admob.addEventListenerAdEvent.INITFAIL, onEvent         admob.addEventListenerAdEvent.ADSHOWOK, onEvent         admob.addEventListenerAdEvent.ADSHOWFAIL, onEvent         admob.addEventListenerAdEvent.PRESENTSCREEN, onEvent         admob.addEventListenerAdEvent.DISMISSSCREEN, onEvent         admob.addEventListenerAdEvent.LEAVEAPPLICATION, onEvent         admob.addEventListenerAdEvent.INTERSTITIALCACHEOK, onEvent         admob.addEventListenerAdEvent.INTERSTITIALCACHEOK, onEvent         admob.addEventListenerAdEvent.INTERSTITIALCLOSED, onEvent              mcStart.buttonMode  true          mcStart.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, startOnClick            To completely end game when back button pushed on android         NativeApplication.nativeApplication.addEventListener KeyboardEvent.KEYDOWN, handleKeyDown, false, 0, true         mainChannel         sndmainSong  new DST10Class         mainChannel  sndmainSong.play             protected function onEventaeAdEventvoid   admob.initpub3779806175107707 admob.showAdParams.SIZESMART, AdParams.HALIGNCENTER,  AdParams.VALIGNTOP     traceae.type ae.data    codepre  pPlease how do i Do this I just want ads in this game. ANny help please. p
Negative 387 pMy grade book program where we put in grades and find the average is not properly working when it prints out to excel document. Only Student 1 and average in the header print and under the average for student 1 is 0 with no test grades or anything.p  pHere is my codep  precodeimport java.io.FileInputStream import java.io.FileOutputStream import java.io.IOException import java.text.DecimalFormat import org.apache.poi.hssf.usermodel.HSSFSheet import org.apache.poi.hssf.usermodel.HSSFWorkbook  import org.apache.poi.ss.usermodel.Cell import org.apache.poi.ss.usermodel.Row  public class array    public static final String Dabook  wording.xls    SuppressWarningsunused public static void mainString[] args throws IOException   HSSFWorkbook wb  new HSSFWorkbooknew FileInputStreamwording.xls  HSSFSheet sheet  wb.getSheetSheet1      int col  0, num  1     Row startRow  sheet.createRow0     Cell startCell  startRow.createCell0     int cellNumber  0     double total  0      double [ ] [ ] gridGrades             87.5, 61.0, 70.5 ,            90.0, 88.5, 87.5 ,            78.0, 65.5, 70.5 ,            80.0, 79.0, 81.5 ,            60.5, 55.5, 50.0       for int colTest  0 colTest lt gridGrades[colTest].length  1 colTest          for int testNum  0 testNum lt gridGrades[colTest].length  1testNum               if testNum  1                  startCell.setCellValue                      if testNum  gridGrades[0].length              startCell  startRow.createCelltestNum  1             startCell.setCellValueAverage             startCell  startRow.createCelltestNum  2                     for double grade[]  gridGrades      startRow  sheet.createRownum     startCell  startRow.createCellcellNumber     startCell.setCellValueStudent   num      for int poop  0 poop lt gridGrades[num  1].length poop          if poop  gridGrades[0].length  1              double average  total  gridGrades[num  1].length              startCell  startRow.createCellpoop  2             DecimalFormat df  new DecimalFormat.             Double averageDouble  Double.parseDoubledf                     .formataverage             startCell.setCellValueaverageDouble             startCell  startRow.createCellpoop  3              total  0                  for int Scott  0 startRow.getCellScott  null Scott              sheet.autoSizeColumnScott                   FileOutputStream output  new FileOutputStreamwording.xls         wb.writeoutput         output.close                        System.out.printf                 Test d      Test d   Test d    Averagen, num, num1, num2     fordouble[] grade  gridGrades           double average  grade[col]  grade[col1]  grade[col2]3     System.out.printfStudent d         .2f        .2f     .2f       .2f  n, num, grade[col], grade[col1], grade[col2], average     num          codepre  p p  pWhat am I doing Wrongp
Negative 387 pThis is the SQL statementp  precodeSELECT opc.contenido, COUNTr.idOpcPregunta   from  Opcionesrespuestas as opc LEFT JOIN Respuestasimples as r ON r.idOpcPregunta  opc.idOpcPregunta  where opc.idPregunta 6  GROUP BY opc.idOpcPregunta codepre
Negative 387 pI am in the process of moving an existing codeigniter website from a MediaTemple shared server to a Dreamhost VPS server.  I have set up a mirror of the new server to view the site without switching the DNS you can see it a hrefhttpwww.ornaments.dreamhosters.com relnofollowhereap  pI have attempted to switch the DNS, but the problems persisted.p  pAs you can see, it returns a 404 error.  If I remove the htaccess file, the home page will come up, but none of the html pages will work. I think that this has to do with the RewriteCond and RewriteRule statements in the htaccess file.p  pHere is the htaccess filep  precodeAddHandler phpstable .php phpflag allowurlfopen on  phpflag extensiondirhome86983datalibphp  phpflag extensionzip.so   Options FollowSymLinks RewriteEngine on   RewriteCond 1jscssimageslicense.txtuserguideadminphpMyAdminuploadsornamentssitemap22509.xmlsitemap.xmlrobots.txtquickscript.phppaypalipn.phptest.phpsitedown.php  RewriteRule . httpwww.ornaments.comsitedown.php [L]  RewriteCond HTTPHOST ornaments.com [NC] RewriteRule . httpwww.ornaments.com1 [R301,L]  RewriteCond 1 adminbackupForPhpMyAdminblogchangepagename.phpcssfavicon.icoimagesindex.phpjslicense.txtornamentssitemap22509.xmlpaypalipn.phpphpMyAdminuploadsquickscript.phprobots.txtsitemap.xmlsubdomainstest.phptestblog.phpurlcheckeruserguidetinymy.php RewriteRule . index.php1 [L]   RewriteCond HTTPHOST s86983.gridserver.com [NC]  RewriteRule . httpwww.s86983.gridserver.com1 [R301,L]    RewriteCond 1 blogindex.phpjscssimageslicense.txtuserguideadminphpMyAdminuploadsornamentssitemap22509.xmlsitemap.xmlrobots.txtquickscript.phppaypalipn.phptest.phpbackupForPhpMyAdmin  RewriteRule . index.php1 [L] codepre  pNote  I did not build this site and am only slightly familiar with codeigniter and PHP in general.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 387 pI have a user requirement to embed mp4 and flv in the website. I have not found any success with this.  I realised that              codeltvideogt ltvideogtcode does not do the magic.p  pIs there any other wayp
Negative 387 pthis is a pointer to the calling object it returns the rvalue.p  pthis is a pointer to the pointer of the calling object it returns the value of the address.p  pthis is a pointer to the pointer of the pointer of the calling object .p  pampthis is a reference to the pointer of the pointer of the pointer of the calling object .p  precodestdvectorltintgt iterator i  vector1.begin codepre  pi is the pointer to its own rvalue returns its own value.p  pi is the pointer of a rvalue of an object contained in a vector returns the value pointed in ampvalue.p  pi is the pointer to the pointer of a rvalue of an object contained in a vector .p  pI am really confused.p  pHeres a sample code where we find the expression ampthisp  precodeclass Iter  private     ListElem pCurr     const List pList  public     IterListElem pCurr, const List list          pCurrpCurr, pListlist           Tamp operator  return pCurrgtdata      T operatorgt  return ampthis   codepre
Negative 387 pGood morningp  pI have an image and text I would like to combine. Ive included the final result I want. So far, with about 20 hours into it, I stil cant seem to create a table using various sections of the image. My last result tradecaptain.comlandingpage I can post the CSS I wrote but as I am new and it is all inline, its a mess. I have added the image, the final result I want onto the webpage since I cant post an image here. It is below the result of my last attempted table.p  pIm at the point of just placing my image with text as one really big image. I would appreciate any pointers in the right direction. If at all possible. p  pThank you everyonep
Negative 387 pI set a very big background image on my website. This is my code p  precodebody backgroundimage url..imagesfrontbg.jpg backgroundposition center center backgroundsizecover padding0 margin0 width100 height100  codepre  pI want to create a very smooth black curtain on it when an element is selected to display its text or image. please look at this a hrefhttpwww.templatemonster.comdemo45239.html relnofollowADDRESSa for demonstration. when you click on any of the menus the background gets darker. how do I can implement thisp
Negative 387 pI currently am using codesimplexmlloadfilefile.xmlcode to load an XML and codexmlRootgtsaveXMLfile.xmlcode to save an XML File, p  pThe code does my goals but when ever I open the XML File where it saved, it always has either spaces from deleting nodes andor very long lines of elements from adding nodes 1 parent element and all child elements in 1 line.p  pMy question is how do I format it in a clean format via php code I want something similar to Cs codeXMLDocumentcode class where it formats itself when savedp  pMy current XML File is similar to thisp  precodeltrootElementgt       ltparentElementgtltchildElementgtdataltchildElementgtltparentElementgt       ltparentElementgtltchildElementgtdataltchildElementgtltparentElementgt ltrootElementgt codepre  pI want it to become something like thisp  precodeltrootElementgt      ltparentElementgt         ltchildElementgtdataltchildElementgt      ltparentElementgt      ltparentElementgt         ltchildElementgtdataltchildElementgt      ltparentElementgt ltrootElementgt codepre  pIt looks clean now, but i have quite a large XML File which has multiple child elements per parent elementp  pThanks and cheersp
Negative 387 pI made a webservice which is supposed to return an entity UserProfile. Most operations return the expected result but I get empty responses when I directly return a generated class. p  pServicep  precodeListltUserProfilegt IMusicOwnerService.getProfiles              return context.UserProfileSet.ToList      codepre  pRequestp  precodeltsoapenvEnvelope xmlnssoapenvhttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelope xmlnstemhttptempuri.orggt    ltsoapenvHeadergt    ltsoapenvBodygt       lttemgetProfilesgt    ltsoapenvBodygt ltsoapenvEnvelopegt codepre  pI modified the Model.tt file  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3678121addingdatamemberdatacontractattributesinentityframeworkpocotemplateaccording to this answera  then this class was generatedp  precode    using System     using System.Collections.Generic     using System.Runtime.Serialization  Template modification test     [DataContract]Template modification test     public partial class UserProfile               public UserProfile                      this.LoginSession  new HashSetltLoginSessiongt             this.Playlist  new HashSetltPlaylistgt             this.Friends  new HashSetltUserProfilegt             this.Song  new HashSetltSonggt                   [DataMember]Template modification test         public int Id  get set          [DataMember]Template modification test         public string UserName  get set          [DataMember]Template modification test         public string Email  get set          [DataMember]Template modification test         public string Password  get set          [DataMember]Template modification test         public string Salt  get set    codepre  pNo response when sending the request.p  pa hrefhttpimgur.comAvtTmNE relnofollowhttpimgur.comAvtTmNEa not enough reputation to post picturesp
Negative 387 pI have used the telerik radtreeview and virtualization property to IsVirtualizing  true . I have achieved the optimization but my treeview items not completely loded Half filled and half empty treeview when I scroll down then the items moved up and empty part still exist. please help.p
Negative 387 pIs it possible in the Apache Wicket Framework to add a DropDownChoice to another DropDownChoice  For examplep  ul liMainDropdown ul liFirstSubdropdownli liSecondSubdropdownli ulli ul  pI have to categorize my values, thats why I have to do that. Otherwise its not userfriendly anymore.p  pIm using Wicket 1.4.17.p
Negative 387 pi am getting the error while tryin to get the id and place the value from the xml..the problem is only with the html...not on the xml part because while using alert we get the xml values..i think the DOM elements is not fully loaded..also help me where to call the function such that all the DOM elements are loaded successfully..p  pThanks in advance..p  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodelthtmlgt         ltheadgt             ltscript typetextjavascriptgt               var xmlDoc  new ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLDOM             var a             function loadXMLxmlFile                                xmlDoc.asyncfalse                 xmlDoc.onreadystatechangeverify                 xmlDoc.loadxmlFile                 xmlObjxmlDoc.documentElement                axmlObj               document.getElementByIdto.innerHTMLa.childNodes0.text               document.getElementByIdfrom.innerHTMLa.childNodes1.text               document.getElementByIdmessage.innerHTMLa.childNodes2.text               document.getElementByIdbody.innerHTMLa.childNodes3.text                                  loadXMLnote.xml             function verify                                if xmlDoc.readyState  4                                    return false                                           ltscriptgt          ltheadgt         ltbodygt             lth1gtW3Schools Internal Notelth1gt             ltdiv iddiv1gt                 ltbgtToltbgt ltspan idto nameto gtabaltspangtltbr gt                 ltbgtFromltbgt ltspan idfrom namefromgtabarltspangtltbr gt                 ltbgtMessageltbgt ltspan idmessage namemessagegtavfdasltspangtltbr gt                 ltbgtBodyltbgt ltspan idbody namebodygthgjltspangt             ltdivgt           ltbodygt     lthtmlgt codepre  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecode    ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt     ltnotegt         lttogt Tovelttogt         ltfromgtJaniltfromgt         ltheadinggtReminderltheadinggt         ltbody1gtDont forget me this weekendltbody1gt     ltnotegt codepre
Negative 387 pI want to filter my SQL query with some array of IDs.p  pso I have IDs for example 2,3,4 and codeactivitymeta.valuecode 1,2,5 And I want to find every activity where it has id in codeactivitymeta.valuecode p  precodeSELECT DISTINCT a., u.useremail, u.usernicename, u.userlogin, u.displayname FROM wpbpactivity a LEFT JOIN wpusers u ON a.userid  u.ID INNER JOIN wpbpactivitymeta ON a.id  wpbpactivitymeta.activityid WHERE a.isspam  0 AND a.hidesitewide  0 AND a.type  activitycomment AND  wpbpactivitymeta.metakey  activitytagz  DESC LIMIT 0, 20 codepre  pI want to add codeAND 1,2,3 IN wpbpactivitymeta.metavaluecode I just dont know how to treat serialized arrayp
Negative 387 pId like to place three DIV boxes horizontally and centered. If i resize narrower the browser boxes should take place vertically and centered.p  pBrowserWidep  pemstrongemememstrongemX X Xemstrongememememstrongp  pBrowserWidep  pBrowserNarrowp  pemstrongemememememstrongemXemstrongememememememstrongp  pemstrongemememememstrongemXemstrongememememememstrongp  pemstrongemememememstrongemXemstrongememememememstrongp  pBrowserNarrowp  pThis is my htmlp  precode ltdiv classpremiumfeaturesgt    ltdiv classpremium1gt    lth2gtSome Headinglth2gt    ltpgtSome paragraph, Some paragraph, Some paragraph, Some paragraph, Some paragraph,     ltpgt   ltdivgt       ltdiv classpremium2gt    lth2gtSome Headinglth2gt    ltpgtSome paragraph, Some paragraph, Some paragraph, Some paragraph, Some paragraph,     ltpgt   ltdivgt       ltdiv classpremium3gt    lth2gtSome Headinglth2gt    ltpgtSome paragraph, Some paragraph, Some paragraph, Some paragraph, Some paragraph,     ltpgt   ltdivgt      ltdivgt  codepre  pThis is my cssp  precode.premium1       background url4.png norepeat top center     paddingtop 95px     floatleft     width 33     minwidth 300px     maxwidth 320px     textaligncenter     marginleft auto     marginright auto     marginbottom 20px    .premium2       background url5.png norepeat top center     paddingtop 95px     floatleft     paddingtop 95px     floatleft     width 33     minwidth 300px     maxwidth 320px     textaligncenter     marginleft auto     marginright auto     marginbottom 20px     .premium3       background url6.png norepeat top center     paddingtop 95px     floatleft     width 33     height 100px     minwidth 300px     maxwidth 320px     textaligncenter     marginleft auto     marginright auto     marginbottom 20px    .premiumfeatures       width 75     marginleft auto     marginright auto   codepre  pWith this code It is OK when it is wide and when it is narrow.  But during resize 2 of 3 boxes are staying at the same block for a while. I need to sort them vertically when resizig starts.p  pThanks for help.p
Negative 387 pI want to check entered email address before registering, I found some solutions in SF but these solutions says we should check codeMXcode or codeSMTPcode port, but we have some fake emails like p  precode111111gmail.com some.email.addressgmail.com and ... codepre  pwhen I check the codegmail.comcode domain this domain have codeMXcode record and there is no problem but this emails are fake p  pIs there any way to ping email address with phpp
Negative 387 pI have a cordova project, that is not compatible with the ARM 64 iOS processor. I know how to change the valid archs in Xcode, but Im trying to get a continuous integration server setup, and I need to be able to set the valid archs via the command line.p
Negative 387 pImagine a tree of Java objects, i.e. a top level object of some class which contains some properties which in turn are objects of other classes and so on until we basically reach fundamental types like integer or string, etc. For examplep  precodeclass Car    private Door leftDoor   private Door rightDoor   class Door    private String name  codepre  pBy serializing a top level object of class codeCarcode, I would like to see an XML document, for example, like thisp  precodeltobject typeCargt   ltproperty typeDoor identifierleftDoorgt     ltobject typeDoorgt       ltproperty typeString identifiernamegtI am a left doorltpropertygt     ltobjectgt   ltpropertygt   ltproperty typeDoor identifierrightDoorgt     ltobject typeDoorgt       ltproperty typeString identifiernamegtI am a right doorltpropertygt     ltobjectgt   ltpropertygt ltobjectgt codepre  pBy the way, notice how this fragment could be plugged into some other hierarchy, for example, if codeCarcode object would be property of some other parent object.p  pMy question is what would be the right way to implement this empatternwiseem, emstructurewiseem, emdesignwiseem, emarchitecturewiseem I think my question needs some clarification. The first and simple way to implement this that comes to my mind is something similar to Javas conventional codetoStringcodep  precodeclass Car    ...    public Element toElementElement element      Document document  element.getOwnerDocument     Attr attr      Element objectElement  document.createElementobject     element.appendChildobjectElement      attr  document.createAttributetype     attr.setValueclass.getSimpleName     objectElement.setAttributeNodeattr      Element propertyElement      propertyElement  document.createElementproperty     objectElement.appendChildpropertyElement      attr  document.createAttributetype     attr.setValueleftDoor.getClass.getSimpleName     propertyElement.setAttributeNodeattr      attr  document.createAttributeidentifier     attr.setValueleftDoor     propertyElement.setAttributeNodeattr      leftDoor.toElementpropertyElement      propertyElement  document.createElementproperty     objectElement.appendChildpropertyElement      attr  document.createAttributetype     attr.setValuerightDoor.getClass.getSimpleName     propertyElement.setAttributeNodeattr      attr  document.createAttributeidentifier     attr.setValuerightDoor     propertyElement.setAttributeNodeattr      rightDoor.toElementpropertyElement      return objectElement      class Door    ...    public Element toElementElement element      ...     codepre  pHow good is this idea in the sense of adding this kind of XML serialization directly as methods of corresponding classes Is it good that Ive restricted it to have codeElementcode as parameter although Im kind of forced to do it because of the way Java XML API is designed Is it good that I return codeElementcode Do you have any ideas what could be improved from the architectural point of view in this implementation Any advice is welcome.p  pIm aware of the codejava.beans.XMLEncodercode facility, but this is Java specific XML serializer and redundant for me in this case.p
Negative 387 pOur builds are failing on the TFS build server with the same errors from time to time.p  pIm getting this message on one of our projects the error refers to a WebApi projectp  blockquote   pThe imported project CProgram Files   x86MSBuild12.0binMicrosoft.CompactFramework.CSharp.targets was   not found. Confirm that the path in the  declaration is   correct, and that the file exists on disk.p blockquote  pAnd this one on another project on smart device projectsp  blockquote   pThe imported project CProgram Files   x86MSBuildMicrosoftVisualStudiov12.0WebApplicationsMicrosoft.WebApplication.targets   was not found. Confirm that the path in the  declaration is   correct, and that the file exists on disk.p blockquote  pUsually this means that the file is not there and it should be a matter of either installing the tool that contains the targets files or manually copy them from a developer machine. Ive seen it before in that situation and solved it easily since it is a trivial problem.p  pProblem is, the files emare thereem The builds seem to fail randomly, which is extremely obscure to me. If we select Retry Build a few times, the build goes through normally. Some times the build just works the first time, and then it starts showing this error. I failed to detect any pattern as to when it happens.p  pThere is absolutely nothing special about the files themselves. I thought they were missing some permissions somehow, but they have the same security settings as other accompanying files.p  pI have no idea what to even investigate here. The message points out that a file is missing but the file is there. The fact that it occurs intermittently is even more problematic.p  pThis is happening on a TFS 2013 build machine. Visual Studio 2013 Ultimate was installed on it after installing TFS. We have another build VM in the company using TFS2012 and Ive never seen such odd behavior.p  pEDITp  pI forgot to mention it, but there are also a bunch of random warnings on the build containing the web project. They only appear when the error about the .targets file occurs, and do not show up on the other build. Perhaps it is related with the fact that one is .Net4.5 the web and the other is .Net3.5cfp  precode CProgram Files x86MSBuild12.0binMicrosoft.Common.CurrentVersion.targets 989 The reference assemblies for framework .NETFramework,Versionv4.5 were not found. To resolve this, install the SDK or Targeting Pack for this framework version or retarget your application to a version of the framework for which you have the SDK or Targeting Pack installed. Note that assemblies will be resolved from the Global Assembly Cache GAC and will be used in place of reference assemblies. Therefore your assembly may not be correctly targeted for the framework you intend.  CProgram Files x86MSBuild12.0binMicrosoft.Common.CurrentVersion.targets 989 The reference assemblies for framework .NETFramework,Versionv4.5 were not found. To resolve this, install the SDK or Targeting Pack for this framework version or retarget your application to a version of the framework for which you have the SDK or Targeting Pack installed. Note that assemblies will be resolved from the Global Assembly Cache GAC and will be used in place of reference assemblies. Therefore your assembly may not be correctly targeted for the framework you intend.  CProgram Files x86MSBuild12.0binMicrosoft.Common.CurrentVersion.targets 1635 There was a mismatch between the processor architecture of the project being built MSIL and the processor architecture of the reference CWindowsMicrosoft.NETFrameworkv4.0.30319mscorlib.dll, x86. This mismatch may cause runtime failures. Please consider changing the targeted processor architecture of your project through the Configuration Manager so as to align the processor architectures between your project and references, or take a dependency on references with a processor architecture that matches the targeted processor architecture of your project.  CProgram Files x86MSBuild12.0binMicrosoft.Common.CurrentVersion.targets 1635 There was a mismatch between the processor architecture of the project being built MSIL and the processor architecture of the reference System.Data, AMD64. This mismatch may cause runtime failures. Please consider changing the targeted processor architecture of your project through the Configuration Manager so as to align the processor architectures between your project and references, or take a dependency on references with a processor architecture that matches the targeted processor architecture of your project.  CProgram Files x86MSBuild12.0binMicrosoft.Common.CurrentVersion.targets 989 The reference assemblies for framework .NETFramework,Versionv4.5 were not found. To resolve this, install the SDK or Targeting Pack for this framework version or retarget your application to a version of the framework for which you have the SDK or Targeting Pack installed. Note that assemblies will be resolved from the Global Assembly Cache GAC and will be used in place of reference assemblies. Therefore your assembly may not be correctly targeted for the framework you intend.  CProgram Files x86MSBuild12.0binMicrosoft.Common.CurrentVersion.targets 1635 There was a mismatch between the processor architecture of the project being built MSIL and the processor architecture of the reference CWindowsMicrosoft.NETFrameworkv4.0.30319mscorlib.dll, x86. This mismatch may cause runtime failures. Please consider changing the targeted processor architecture of your project through the Configuration Manager so as to align the processor architectures between your project and references, or take a dependency on references with a processor architecture that matches the targeted processor architecture of your project.  CProgram Files x86MSBuild12.0binMicrosoft.Common.CurrentVersion.targets 1635 There was a mismatch between the processor architecture of the project being built MSIL and the processor architecture of the reference System.Data, AMD64. This mismatch may cause runtime failures. Please consider changing the targeted processor architecture of your project through the Configuration Manager so as to align the processor architectures between your project and references, or take a dependency on references with a processor architecture that matches the targeted processor architecture of your project.  CProgram Files x86MSBuild12.0binMicrosoft.Common.CurrentVersion.targets 989 The reference assemblies for framework .NETFramework,Versionv4.5 were not found. To resolve this, install the SDK or Targeting Pack for this framework version or retarget your application to a version of the framework for which you have the SDK or Targeting Pack installed. Note that assemblies will be resolved from the Global Assembly Cache GAC and will be used in place of reference assemblies. Therefore your assembly may not be correctly targeted for the framework you intend. codepre  pEDIT 2p  pOk. After Dylans comment, I went to the build logs to confirm that there was only one agent running the builds, and to my surprisep  precodeSuccessful Build Run on agent reserved build agent Build2014  Agent1 Failed Build Run on agent reserved build agent TFS2013  Agent1 codepre  pBuild2014 is our build VM, and TFS2013 is our source control one.p  pWhen TFS 2013 was installed on TFS2013, a build agent was installed alongside it on the same machine. The controller that was installed on a separate machine also had an agent with the same name. This means that the controller was picking one of them and whenever they hit the TFS machine the build failed because there is no dev environment there on purpose.p  pRemoving the wrongly installed agent on the TFS machine is the way to go here.p
Negative 387 pi am tottaly new in play framework web socket. i downloaded a application of chat from the a hrefhttpsgithub.complayframeworkplayframeworktreemastersamplesscalawebsocketchat relnofollowhttpsgithub.complayframeworkplayframeworktreemastersamplesscalawebsocketchatap  pand i am learning it for the notifications in project. but the problem is that i am not understading the behaviour of the code. like in below code, i want to set the members whom twill recived the msg.br previusly codememberscode contatining all username of users that are in chat room, i modify it and set it to only one user govind but still all members are notifing,br simply i want to notify only some usersp  precodedef notifyAllkind String, user String, text String  membersSet.empty[String]govind val msg  JsObject   Seq     kind gt JsStringkind,     user gt JsStringuser,     message gt JsStringtext,     members gt JsArray       members.toList.mapJsString            chatChannel.pushmsg  codepre  pand what it does p  precodesender  ConnectedchatEnumerator self  NotifyJoinusername codepre
Negative 387 pI tried implementing all of the three ways to fetch some data. I noticed that doctrine 2 ORM was faster than others. But when I searched about performance of the three on internet, I noted that SQL and DQL work more faster. If it is so, then what is the difference between the three  p  blockquote   pWhich is more preferable to be used when fetching datap blockquote
Negative 387 pI have an JSON array as follows p  precodearr  [   day 1, hour1, value 143,    day 1, hour2, value 243,    day 1, hour3, value 100,   day 1, hour4, value 113 ] codepre  pand given some integer value, I want to be able to rotate the strongvaluestrong field in this array that integer amount So if I rotated clockwise 1 time, then I should get p  precodearr  [   day 1, hour1, value 113,    day 1, hour2, value 143,    day 1, hour3, value 243,    day 1, hour4, value 100 ] codepre  pThe last element just becomes the first, etc etcp  pI am new to rails and have no idea how to accomplish this. Any insight would be greatly appreciated. p  pThanks so muchp
Negative 387 pIm looking for the fastest way to select the elements of a numpy array that satisfy several criteria. As an example, say I want to select all elements that lie between 0.2 and 0.8 from an array. I normally do something like thisp  precodethearray  np.random.random100000 idx  thearray gt 0.2  thearray lt 0.8 selectedelements  thearray[idx] codepre  pHowever, this creates two additional arrays with the same size as thearray one for thearray  0.2 and one for thearray lt 0.8. If the array is large, this can consume a lot of memory. Is there any way to get around this All of the builtin numpy functions such as logicaland seem to do the this same thing under the hood.p
Negative 387 pIve been looking into this quite a time already and I havent found an answer yet, so the thing is that currently on one of my activities Im applying a coded intentFilter like thisp  blockquote   pfilter  new IntentFilterthis.getResources.getString                   R.string.downloadactionintent           try                filter.addDataTypeHTTP.PLAINTEXTTYPE                      catch MalformedMimeTypeException e                 TODO                      filter.addDataPathmd5String, PatternMatcher.PATTERNLITERALp blockquote  pThe application is downloading a lot of images, this images are being downloaded by a Thread and they get to the activity through a BroadcastReciever, this particular activity only needs to get the downloaded image which corresponds to that md5String, so I set this filter to the broadcastReciever of this activity.p  pBut even with the type and datapath I keep recieving every image the app downloads, how should I configure the IntentFilter so it only gets the call of that broadcasted md5String image.p  pThe broadcast send is like thisp  blockquote   ppublic boolean handleMessageMessage msg            String md5String  String msg.obj           Intent broadcastIntent  new Intent                   this.mContext.getResources.getString                           R.string.downloadactionintent           broadcastIntent.setDataAndTypeUri.parsemd5String, HTTP.PLAINTEXTTYPE           this.mContext.sendBroadcastbroadcastIntent           return true       p blockquote  pthanks for your help and I hope I was clear enough, its my first question here.p
Negative 387 pI have been trying to use MISVM of Standford Weka. But I keep getting the Errorp  pcodeweka.classifiers.mi.MISVM Cannot handle numeric attributescodep  pstrongMy Training Set Filefile.arffstrongp  precoderelation SpamDetectionTrainingSet attribute checkin real attribute tips real attribute badges real attribute friends real attribute mayors real attribute lists real attribute target spam,nonspam data 1165,36,1,1,4,47,nonspam 8521,492,620,7,74,144,nonspam 5408,189,306,0,27,121,nonspam 0,43,319,0,0,0,spam codepre  pI have seen the solutions of previous questions. One Main point, I observed from them was to keep the codetarget attributecode nominal. My target attributes are nominal onlyp  pstrongMy SOURCE CODEstrongp  precodeimport weka.core.Instances import weka.core.Utils import weka.core.converters.ConverterUtils.DataSink import weka.core.converters.ConverterUtils.DataSource public class SVM        Read the Data in ARFF format      DataSource train,unknown,test     Instances trainData,unknownData     public SVM              try               Loading the Data              train        new DataSourcehomehduserfile.arff             trainData    train.getDataSet             trainData.setClassIndextrainData.numAttributes1               Set Option for SVM Algorithm              String[] opt  Utils.splitOptionsN 1 D              Training              weka.classifiers.mi.MISVM rf  new weka.classifiers.mi.MISVM              rf.setOptionsopt             System.out.printlnrf.getFilterType              rf.buildClassifiertrainData               Classify Users              unknown      new DataSourcehomehduserfileTest1.arff             unknownData  unknown.getDataSet             unknownData.setClassIndexunknownData.numAttributes1              Instances copy  new InstancesunknownData              forint i0iltunknownData.numInstancesi                              System.out.printlnHello                  double value  rf.classifyInstanceunknownData.instancei                 copy.instancei.setClassValuevalue                           DataSink.writehomehduseroutput1.arff, copy                   catch Exception e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace                   public static void mainString[] args              SVM r  new SVM       codepre  pstrongCOMPLETE ERROR MESSAGE strongp  precodeweka.core.UnsupportedAttributeTypeException weka.classifiers.mi.MISVM Cannot handle numeric attributes     at weka.core.Capabilities.testCapabilities.java954     at weka.core.Capabilities.testCapabilities.java869     at weka.core.Capabilities.testCapabilities.java1085     at weka.core.Capabilities.testCapabilities.java1023     at weka.core.Capabilities.testWithFailCapabilities.java1302     at weka.classifiers.mi.MISVM.buildClassifierMISVM.java607     at SVM.ltinitgtSVM.java28     at SVM.mainSVM.java53 codepre
Negative 387 pI have a bar plot with positive values on both sides. When I changed the width of the bars, the space between them became to large and doesnt look good. I tried to manipulate this with codeposition  positiondodgecode, but it doesnt work. How can I reduce the spaces between the barsp  pHere is the code originally posted here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22236617stackedbarplotcrossingthexaxisStacked barplot crossing the xaxisa with my datap  precodeYear lt factorc20032009,20032009,20032009,20032009,20032009,20092012,               20092012,20092012,20092012,20092012 Q lt c.05,.25,.5,.75,.95 Score lt c6,6,4,3,1,23,20,19,24,32 df lt data.frameYear, Q, Score  df lt transformdf, Scoreifelseas.characterYear in c20032009, Score, Score df.split lt splitdf, dfScore lt 0  ggplot     geombardatadf.split[[1]],aesxQ, yScore, fillYear, statidentity,width  0.09   geombardatadf.split[[2]],aesxQ, yScore, fillYear, statidentity,width  0.09   geomhlineyintercept0    coordflip   scaleycontinuouslabelsabs,limitsc40,40    themebw   scalexcontinuousbreaksc.05,.25,.5,.75,.95 codepre
Negative 387 pI am solving a very specific problem which requires using data structures to store and track objects. Using a simple example, say I have the following 2 classesp  precodeclass Foo      Foo Foobool isRed mbRed  isRed      bool mbRed       class Bar      Bar BarFoo pFoo mpFoo  pFoo      Foo  mpFoo      codepre  pAs the program runs, many Foos and Bars will be created, and at program termination, Id like to know how many Bars are red from its contained Foo. Please assume theres no getterssetters for both classes, and the only way to solve this problem is to hook into Foos and Bars constructors. Now, whats the best data structure to do thisp  pI think a potential solution is to use two unordered maps of the following formatsp  precodestdmapltFoo, boolgt gFooContainers stdmapltBar, boolgt gBarContainers codepre  pAnd when Foo is being created, we insert it into its map,p  precodegFooContainers.insertstdmakepairFoo, isRed codepre  pAnd when Bar is being created, we look for the passedin Foo in its map, and if found, insert the Bar into its map with the corresponding isRed.p  precoder  gFooContainers.findFoo if r  unorderedmapend       gBarContainers.insertstdmakepairBar, rgtsecond  codepre  pAnd at the end of the program execution, we can loop through gBooContainers and see which Bar is red or not.p  pNow, I am wondering if theres an more efficient way to do this Perhaps with only one stdmap p  pPlease let me know.p
Negative 387 pI am using the following lines to search through the rows of a table to check if a TD contains my searchTerm which works fine so far. p  pIs there a way that instead of searching by row I can search by column here   The reason why is that in my case a row can contain the same value multiple times but not a column which is what I need here. p  pMy table has a standard structure with thead and tbody and I can add a colgroup or classes if needed. p  pstrongMy JSstrong p  precodevar searchTerm  myText var result  new Array myTable tbody tr.eachfunction      result.pushthis.findtdcontains  searchTerm  .nexttd.text  alertresult codepre  pstrongMy tablestrong p  precodelttable idmyTablegt     lttheadgt         lttrgt             ltth classmyHeadergtCat 1ltthgt             ltthgtVol 1ltthgt             ltth classmyHeadergtCat 2ltthgt             ltthgtVol 2ltthgt             ltth classmyHeadergtCat 3ltthgt             ltthgtVol 3ltthgt             ...         lttrgt     lttheadgt     lttbodygt         lttrgt             lttdgtitem1lttdgtlttdgt8lttdgtlttdgtitem2lttdgtlttdgt7lttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtitem3lttdgtlttdgt5lttdgtlttdgtitem2lttdgtlttdgt7lttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtitem2lttdgtlttdgt1lttdgtlttdgtitem1lttdgtlttdgt5lttdgtlttdgtitem3lttdgtlttdgt3lttdgt         lttrgt         ...     lttbodygt lttablegt codepre  pMany thanks in advance, Tim. p
Negative 387 pIve created custom tableView Controller, inside the cell ive placed a button to open the device photo library. My problem, i cant able to open imagePickerController from CustomCell.m, its shows below error.  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comrdWOH.png altenter image description herep  pPlease give some idea to fix my issue.p
Negative 387 pIs there a way to create one baseline for variuos different projects in ClearCasep  pI need Baseline of Baselinesp  p Projects includes different VOBsp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pSo heres the css for the div that should be scrollable p  precode.formholder         paddingleft 20px         width auto         background          overflow auto         maxheight 300px         paddingbottom 30px       codepre  peach time I upload image preview is available and i wanted those image be viewed horizontally not vertically. so I wanted the div to be scrollable left to right p  pheres the fiddle  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netroowakoAZvuL relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netroowakoAZvuLap
Negative 387 pHullo, I would like to forward accesses to subdomain blog.xxx.yy to directory www.xxx.yyblog possibly keeping the originary address in the address field of the browser. How may I do it I tried withp  precodeRewriteCond HTTPHOST blog.taxiprofessional.net RewriteRule [09] blog [NC,L] codepre  pbut it does not work.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to create a skybox for a simple OpenGL application that Im working on, the cube I am drawing for the skybox does exist in the 3d space, but it isnt drawn around the camera and moves one unit to the direction the camera is moving while I move the camera and stops doing this when I stop moving the camera. The only way I have been able to get it almost working how I want it to is by making the cube really big, and Id like to be able to get it working as a unit cube.p  pThanks.p  precodevoid Scene3DSkybox           glTranslatef0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f Translate to camera          float skyboxSize  1.0f Half width and height for skybox cube, used to add or subtract from camera position to create cube.          glDisableGLDEPTHTEST         glDisableGLLIGHTING          Top          glBeginGLQUADS          Far left         glTexCoord2f0.25f, 1.0f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Far right         glTexCoord2f0.5f, 1.0f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Close right         glTexCoord2f0.5f, 0.75f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Close left         glTexCoord2f0.25f, 0.75f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          glEnd          Bottom          glBeginGLQUADS          Far left         glTexCoord2f0.25f, 0.25f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Far right         glTexCoord2f0.5f, 0.25f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Close right         glTexCoord2f0.5f, 0.5f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Close left         glTexCoord2f0.25f, 0.5f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          glEnd          Left          glBeginGLQUADS          Top left         glTexCoord2f0.0f, 0.75f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Top right         glTexCoord2f0.25f, 0.75f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Bottom right         glTexCoord2f0.25f, 0.5f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Bottom left         glTexCoord2f0.0f, 0.5f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          glEnd          Front          glBeginGLQUADS          Top left         glTexCoord2f0.25f, 0.75f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Top right         glTexCoord2f0.5f, 0.75f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Bottom right         glTexCoord2f0.5f, 0.5f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Bottom left         glTexCoord2f0.25f, 0.5f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          glEnd          Right          glBeginGLQUADS          Top left         glTexCoord2f0.5f, 0.75f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Top right         glTexCoord2f0.75f, 0.75f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Bottom right         glTexCoord2f0.75f, 0.5f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Bottom left         glTexCoord2f0.5f, 0.5f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          glEnd          Back          glBeginGLQUADS          Top left         glTexCoord2f0.75f, 0.75f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Top right         glTexCoord2f1.0f, 0.75f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Bottom right         glTexCoord2f1.0f, 0.5f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          Bottom left         glTexCoord2f0.75f, 0.5f         glVertex3fcameraPosX  skyboxSize, cameraPosY  skyboxSize, cameraPosZ  skyboxSize          glEnd          glEnableGLDEPTHTEST         glEnableGLLIGHTING   codepre
Negative 387 pI created my Table like thisp  precodecreate table persona   id bigint 10 NOT NULL autoincrement, Nombre varchar32 not null,   appPaterno varchar 32 not null,   appMaterno varchar 32,   mail varchar 32 default hotmail.com, PRIMARY KEY id  codepre  pMy question is how from Java send data and add that default into the same  column where the data will be storedp  pCan i do thatp
Negative 387 pmy use case is very simple. I need to p  ul licreate a emrequestem NSManagedObject,  worksli lipass it to e.g. ipostObjecti method from Restkit,  works li lireceive a emresponseem NSManagedObject in the completion block,  worksli liprocess it and,  works li lidelete both the request and the response objects using MRdeleteEntity,  does not workli ul  pId like to use just MagicalRecord to createdeletemanage the entities.p  pstrongThe issuestrongp  pWhen I call the asynchronous emsaveem method from the MagicalRecord toolkit and after I exit the app I can still see the entities in the sqlite db file. After restart of the app new objects are added in the db without deleting a single instance although I explicitly call MRdeleteEntity on the objects. I admit the context management is something I yet have not grasped fully.p  pI am using the following setup to connect MagicalRecord with Restkitp  precode 1. Setup the core data stack with the automigration   [MagicalRecord setupCoreDataStackWithAutoMigratingSqliteStoreNamed[GVUserDefaults standardUserDefaults].applicationStoreName]   2. Initialize managed object store  RKManagedObjectStore managedObjectStore  [[RKManagedObjectStore alloc] initWithPersistentStoreCoordinator[NSPersistentStoreCoordinator MRdefaultStoreCoordinator]]   3. create the persistentStoreManagedObjectContext and the mainQueueManagedObjectContext  [managedObjectStore createManagedObjectContexts]   4. set the default and the root saving context  [NSManagedObjectContext MRdefaultStoreCoordinatormanagedObjectStore.mainQueueManagedObjectContext] [NSManagedObjectContext MRsetRootSavingContextmanagedObjectStore.persistentStoreManagedObjectContext]    5. create RestKit manager  self.rkManager  [TSNRKObjectManager managerWithBaseURL[NSURL URLWithString[self serverURL]]] self.rkManager.requestSerializationMIMEType  RKMIMETypeJSON self.rkManager.managedObjectStore  managedObjectStore codepre  pstrongQuestionstrongp  pI am trying to delete the emrequestem and the emresponseem objects this wayp  precode[self saveWithBlockNSManagedObjectContext localContext   calls [MagicalRecord saveWithBlockblock completioncompletion]      some additional processing, getting data from the response              [loginResponse MRdeleteEntity]    [loginRequest MRdeleteEntity]   completionBOOL success, NSError error       some additional processing ] codepre  pBut I always get this message in the logp  precode[NSManagedObjectContextMagicalSaves MRsaveWithOptionscompletion]0x110906470 NO CHANGES IN  UNNAMED  CONTEXT  NOT SAVING codepre  pI am using this page as reference a hrefhttpsgist.github.comtonyarnold4694673 relnofollowhttpsgist.github.comtonyarnold4694673a. The contexts for the creation of the request and the response entity are the same What context is Restkit using for creation of the entities Should I create the request entity also within the block in [MagicalRecord saveWithBlockblock completioncompletion] The example from a hrefhttpsgithub.comblakewattersRKMagicalRecord relnofollowhttpsgithub.comblakewattersRKMagicalRecorda does not include the automigration setup and the asynchronous saving methods.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pIs this an acceptable solution I mean clean, graceful deletionp  precode        [self.loginRequest MRdeleteEntity]         [self.loginRequest.managedObjectContext MRsaveToPersistentStoreWithCompletionBOOL success, NSError error               log         ]            [self.loginResponse MRdeleteEntity]         [self.loginResponse.managedObjectContext MRsaveToPersistentStoreWithCompletionBOOL success, NSError error               log         ] codepre  pI have tested this and it works.p  pstrongUPDATE 2strongp  pIn the completion block triggered from Restkits empostObjectem... call, I can cleanup the entities from the persistent store this wayp  precode    [MagicalRecord saveWithBlockNSManagedObjectContext localContext           [[self.loginRequest MRinContextlocalContext] MRdeleteEntity]         [[self.loginResponse MRinContextlocalContext] MRdeleteEntity]       completionBOOL success, NSError error           ifsuccess               self.loginRequest  nil             self.loginResponse  nil               log, update ui           else                log error               ] codepre
Negative 387 pSo Im trying to create a full width webpage, that when the browser scales down from a large display to medium, a sidebar collapses, then when the display is the width of the main content, the sidebar drops below the content Ill explain with pictures.p  pIve created this JSFiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net7N2Jr2 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net7N2Jr2ap  pIn it there is a fixed sidebar  the main navigation. Also there is the codediv.insidecode which holds all the content. codeltarticle classonegtcode holds the main content the news article, while codeltarticle classtwogtcode will hold related posts, adverts, and the like.p  pWhat I intend to create is excuse the fiddle not being large enough to show thisp  ul liThe codeheadercode remains the same size.li liThe codeltarticle classonegtcode will have a width of 920px, or 46em on a base 20px. It will remain this width until the browser window is 46em or less.li liThe codeltarticle classtwogtcode will fill up the remainder of the browser next to codeltarticle classonegtcode. When the width of codeltarticle classtwogtcode reaches a certain width it will drop the content into one column. Then when the width is 46em, it will drop below the content.li ul  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comiDQ4h.jpg altenter image description herep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comMRWE6.jpg altenter image description herep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comL0Hgs.jpg altenter image description herep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.como0j0I.jpg altenter image description herep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comSeFeo.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 387 precode   try          Class.forNamecom.mysql.jdbc.Driver         connect  DriverManager                 .getConnectionjdbcmysqllocalhost3306project                          userrootamppasswordvirus         statement  connect.createStatement          preparedStatement  connect                 .prepareStatementselect subname from subject         rspreparedStatement.executeQuery          while rs.next              subject  rs.getStringsubname             ObservableListltStringgt options1  FXCollections.observableArrayListsubject             comboBox1  new ComboBoxoptions1                   catch ClassNotFoundException  SQLException e          throw e      finally          close2           comboBox1.setPromptTextSelect Subject     comboBox1.setPrefSize280, 30 codepre  pThis is my code to read some multiple values from a table and display it in a ComboBox. Actually there are 3 values to be displayed. The while loop is working fine. Each time it reads each value from the table and place it in the ComboBox. p  pBut when the next value is comes, it overlaps the previous value and as a result only one value is displayed in the ComboBox, that is the last read value. But I need to display all the values in the ComboBox, that is when a new value comes, I need to add it as a new entry, instead of overlapping the previous value.p  pHow can I do it  p
Negative 387 pI keep getting an unhandled exception in this portion of code whenever it runs, I have looked through it and cant see a clear reason. It will run fine up to the system pause that is commented out so it has to be something past that.Or maybe it is how I am setting my pivotp  precodetemplate ltclass elemTypegt int arrayListTypeltelemTypegtmedianpartitionint p, int r      int middle  list[rp2]     int pivot  0      iflist[p]ltlist[r]         ifmiddleltlist[r]             iflist[p]ltmiddle                 pivot  middle             else iflist[p]gtmiddle                 pivot  list[p]                      else ifmiddlegtlist[r]             pivot  list[r]              else iflist[p]gtlist[r]         ifmiddleltlist[r]             pivot  list[r]         else ifmiddlegtlist[r]             ifmiddleltlist[p]                 pivot  middle             else ifmiddlegtlist[p]                 pivot  list[p]                                 systemPausegtnul      while  p lt r               while  list[p] lt pivot              p          while  list[r] gt pivot              r          if  list[p]  list[r]              p         else if  p lt r                       int tmp  list[p]             list[p]  list[r]             list[r]  tmp                    return r  codepre  pThis is the function that calls itp  precodetemplate ltclass elemTypegt void arrayListTypeltelemTypegtmedianquicksortint p, int r      if  p lt r               int j  medianpartitionp, r                 medianquicksortp, j1         medianquicksortj1, r       codepre  pAny help would be appreciatedp
Negative 387 pIm having a strange issue where an extrarandom character 0 is being displayed with my flash[notice]. I cant figure out where its coming from. p  pstrongControllerstrongp  precode  def edit     subject  Subject.findbyid params[id]   end    def update     subject  Subject.findbyid params[id]     if subject.updateattributesstrongparams       flash[notice]  Subject has been updated       redirectto action show, id subject.id     else       render edit     end   end    def delete     subject  Subject.findbyid params[id]   end    private    def strongparams     params.requiresubject.permitname, position, visible   end codepre  pstrongViewstrongp  precode    if flash[notice].blank   .notice      flash[notice]     h2 Update subject      formfor subject, url gt action update, id subject.id do f        f.label name, Name        f.textfield name        f.label position, Position        f.textfield position        f.label visible, Visible        f.textfield visible        f.submit Update Subject    h2    Are you sure you want to delete the subject  subject.name     linkto Yes, delete, action destroy, id subject.id codepre
Negative 387 pThis is what I have installedp  precodeMac OS X ......... 10.9.2 Ruby ............. 1.9.3 Rails ............ 3.2.13 RSpec ............ 2.14.1 FactoryGirl ...... 4.4.0 codepre  pThis is what Ive typed in the console so far.p  precode rails new lab  cd lab  rspec init  mkdir specfactories  rails g model foo barinteger  touch specfoospec.rb  touch specfactoriesfoofactory.rb codepre  pIm wondering how I make a FactoryGirl fixture to create a Foo Fixture. Im also wondering how to test that fixture with RSpec. I want to be able to test that bar is not nil, is a Fixnum, and equals a certain value. Im familiar with TestUnit testing, but I was told to learn this just today.p  pThanks for your time guys Tell me if I left anything out.p
Negative 387 pIm using SaltStack to manage some VMs. Im looking for a way to render the IDhostname of a minions that have a specified .sls attached to them in the top.sls file or a particular state in a jinja templateenabled file. The reason I want to do this is so I can easily refer to a servers in a clients configuration without having to hardcode values anywhere at all. For examplep  psrvsalttop.slsp  precodebase   desktoppc01      generic.dns   bind9server01      generic.dns      bind9 codepre  psrvsaltgenericdnsinit.slsp  precodeetcresolv.conf   file      managed      source saltgenericdnsfilesresolv.conf      mode 644      template jinja codepre  pAnd finally,p  psrvsaltgenericdnsfilesresolv.confp  precodedomain  pillar[domainname]  search  pillar[domainname]  nameserver  listminionswithstate[bind9]  codepre  pWhat Im after specifically is an equivalent to code listminionswithstate[bind9] code which I just made up for demonstrations sake. I had assumed it would be something that would be pretty commonly needed, but after scouring the modules page I havent found anything yet.p  pAt the moment I have the client get information from a pillar, but this has to be manually configured which doesnt feel like time well spent.p  pIm hoping I could expand this idea with a codeforcode loop so that servers are dynamically added as theyre created.p  peditp  pWith a file with the same data amp hierarchy as a top.sls, renderingp  precodebase  for serverid in salt[pillar.get]servers     serverid   for states in salt[pillar.get]servers serverid         states   endfor   endfor  codepre  pgives youp  precodebase    desktoppc01    bind9server01 codepre  pI tried a few variations on code serverid code but was unsuccessful. Unless theres an easy way to use pillar variables in that function, Im thinking of making a feature request and calling it a day.p
Negative 387 pEvery time I build my project my Build output window is filled one instance for every cpp file with p  precode1gtdprogram filesmicrosoft sdkswindowsv7.1includesalsupp.h57 warning C4005 useHeader  macro redefinition 1gt          dprogram filesmicrosoft visual studio 12.0vcincludesal.h2886  see previous definition of useHeader 1gtdprogram filesmicrosoft sdkswindowsv7.1includespecstringssupp.h77 warning C4005 onfailure  macro redefinition 1gt          dprogram filesmicrosoft visual studio 12.0vcincludesal.h2896  see previous definition of onfailure codepre  pIts not really a problem except that it makes it hard to parse the actual build errors when I break something. How can I fix the root of this error Or at least silence itp
Negative 387 pI want to select the number of people who have signed up for an activity, which is given by the codesignuplimitcode, stored in codeactivityinfocode, and the number of people who have signed up for it, stored in codesignupscode. I want it to calculate with the number of signups as zero if there is no one signed up, but as i have it, it instead drops the row entirely. I tried to use a left outer join, but I get the same result. Any suggestionsp  precodeSELECT info.code, info.signuplimit  COUNT AS swag      FROM activityinfo AS info           LEFT OUTER JOIN signups ON info.code  signups.activitycode, variables WHERE      info.code IN        SELECT schedule.code FROM schedule,variables WHERE schedule.date  variables.week      AND variables.week  signups.date GROUP BY signups.activitycode codepre  pUpdate Resolved the issue thanks to the comments. Thanks everyonep
Negative 387 pIve implemented this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma55332951765721custom DialogPreferencea in C with Xamarin however Im having issues adding it to my xml file.p  precodenamespace Client.Android  public class TimePreference  DialogPreference      private int lastHour  0     private int lastMinute  0     private TimePicker picker  null      public static int GetHourstring time              string[] pieces  time.Split          return Convert.ToInt32 pieces [0]           public static int GetMinutestring time              string[] pieces  time.Split          return Convert.ToInt32 pieces [1]           public TimePreferenceContext context, IAttributeSet attSet  basecontext, attSet              SetPositiveButtonText Resource.String.timepreferenceset         SetNegativeButtonText Resource.String.timepreferencecancel           protected override View OnCreateDialogView               picker  new TimePicker Context         return picker           protected override void OnBindDialogView View view              base.OnBindDialogView view         picker.CurrentHour  Java.Lang.Integer lastHour         picker.CurrentMinute  Java.Lang.Integer lastMinute           protected override void OnDialogClosed bool positiveResult              base.OnDialogClosed positiveResult          if positiveResult              lastHour  int picker.CurrentHour             lastMinute  int picker.CurrentMinute              string time  lastHour    lastMinute              if CallChangeListener time                  PersistString time                                 protected override Java.Lang.Object OnGetDefaultValue TypedArray a, int index              return a.GetString index           protected override void OnSetInitialValue bool restorePersistedValue, Java.Lang.Object defaultValue              string time  string.Empty          if restorePersistedValue              if defaultValue  null                  time  GetPersistedString 0000              else                  time  GetPersistedString defaultValue.ToString                        else              time  defaultValue.ToString                    lastHour  GetHour time         lastMinute  GetMinute time        codepre  pMy projects namedefault namespace is Client.Android and Ive tried adding it to my xml file like sop  precodeltPreferenceScreen xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid gt     ltPreferenceCategory androidtitlestringpreffoo gt     ...      ltClient.Android.TimePreference          androidtitlestringprefbar          androidkeystringprefkeybar          androiddefaultValue1200 gt     ...     ltPreferenceCategorygt ltPreferenceScreengt codepre  pBut I get the following exception on codeAddPreferencesFromResourceResource.Xml.settingscode of my codeOnCreatecode methodp  precode    Android.Views.InflateException Binary XML file line 32 Error inflating class Client.Android.TimePreference   at Android.Runtime.JNIEnv.CallNonvirtualVoidMethod intptr,intptr,intptr,Android.Runtime.JValue[] [0x00084] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodroidmlionmonodroid4.12series7f0e3d3csourcemonodroidsrcMono.AndroidsrcRuntimeJNIEnv.g.cs895   at Android.Preferences.PreferenceActivity.AddPreferencesFromResource int [0x00070] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodroidmlionmonodroid4.12series7f0e3d3csourcemonodroidsrcMono.Androidplatformsandroid19srcgeneratedAndroid.Preferences.PreferenceActivity.cs729   at Client.Android.SettingsActivity.OnCreate Android.OS.Bundle [0x00015] in cpushtotalkClient.AndroidSettingsActivity.cs45   at Android.App.Activity.nOnCreateLandroidosBundle intptr,intptr,intptr [0x00011] in Usersbuilderdatalanesmonodroidmlionmonodroid4.12series7f0e3d3csourcemonodroidsrcMono.Androidplatformsandroid19srcgeneratedAndroid.App.Activity.cs2178   at at wrapper dynamicmethod object.7c9f4d4d94964803b019cd453beeee8b intptr,intptr,intptr ltIL 0x00017, 0x00043gt   at  End of managed exception stack trace    at android.view.InflateException Binary XML file line 32 Error inflating class Client.Android.TimePreference   at at android.preference.GenericInflater.createItemFromTagGenericInflater.java441   at at android.preference.GenericInflater.rInflateGenericInflater.java481   at at android.preference.GenericInflater.rInflateGenericInflater.java493   at at android.preference.GenericInflater.inflateGenericInflater.java326   at at android.preference.GenericInflater.inflateGenericInflater.java263   at at android.preference.PreferenceManager.inflateFromResourcePreferenceManager.java272   at at android.preference.PreferenceActivity.addPreferencesFromResourcePreferenceActivity.java1472   at at client.android.SettingsActivity.nonCreateNative Method   at at client.android.SettingsActivity.onCreateSettingsActivity.java32   at at android.app.Activity.performCreateActivity.java5231   at at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1087   at at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2159   at at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2245   at at android.app.ActivityThread.access800ActivityThread.java135   at at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1196   at at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102   at at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java136   at at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5017   at at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method   at at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515   at at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java779   at at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java595   at at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method   at Caused by java.lang.ClassNotFoundException Didnt find class Client.Android.TimePreference on path DexPathList[[zip file dataappClient.Android1.apk],nativeLibraryDirectories[dataapplibClient.Android1, vendorlib, systemlib]]   at at dalvik.system.BaseDexClassLoader.findClassBaseDexClassLoader.java56   at at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java497   at at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java457   at at android.preference.GenericInflater.createItemGenericInflater.java375   at at android.preference.GenericInflater.createItemFromTagGenericInflater.java430   at ... 22 more codepre
Negative 387 pI am unable to customise search bar in my IOS 7.p  pI was using following code to change search bar background in IOS6p  precodefor UIView  v in sarchBar.subviews      if [v isKindOfClassNSClassFromStringUISearchBarTextField]              v.superview.alpha  0         UIView containerView  [[UIView alloc] initWithFramesarchBar.frame]         [containerView addSubviewv]         [self.view addSubviewcontainerView]         [[UITextField appearanceWhenContainedIn[UISearchBar class], nil] setTextColor[UIColor whiteColor]]         [[UISearchBar appearance] setSearchFieldBackgroundImage[UIImage imageNamedsearch] forStateUIControlStateNormal]       codepre  psecondly If I customises search Controller to remove default cancel button in search bar, It was working ok in IOS6, but with custom search Controller it is not searching in IOS7.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to run a function that executes a spinner while a PHP script is loading and also refreshes a PHP file that counts the number of rows inserted to show the scripts progress.p  pThis is what I have so farp  precodeltscript typetextjavascript languagejavascriptgt    start spinner on button click   document.ajaxSendfunctionspinner      spinner.show        refresh progress script and output to content div   function updateProgress     content.loadprogress.php       myTimer  setInterval updateProgress, 2000      Execute the primary function   document.readyfunction      driver.clickfunctionevent       stage.loadexecute.php             hide spinner and content div when finished   document.ajaxStopfunctionspinner      clearIntervalmyTimer     spinner.fadeOutfast     content.fadeOutfast    ltscriptgt codepre  pRight now the updateProgress function starts after the first interval is over even if the button hasnt been pushed, so Im assuming I have to tie it in with the spinner function but Im just not entirely sure how to make that work.p  pEDIT Heres the HTML that displays the button and the divsp  precodeltdiv idstagegt Click to Import New Data into AssetData Table    ltpgt       ltdiv idspinnergtltimg srcimagesspinner.gif altLoading...gtltdivgt       ltdiv idcontentgtltdivgt       ltpgt       ltinput typebutton iddriver valueLoad Data onClickthis.disabledtruegtltdivgt codepre
Negative 387 pIve been trying to look for an answer to this and couldnt find anything. Maybe my approach just sucks.p  pI have a script which I want to write in such a way so that its easily extensible with modules in the future. For that reason, I have created a function in said script that will register a module basically, add a function provided by a module to a dictionary using a key provided by the module.p  pMy initial and current plan is to call that function from the module Im importing, which doesnt work, obviously. Can I somehow call that function from inside the module If not, how else can I tackle this My problem is that I have dynamic function names here and there, and I cant just call a function from a given string, so Im creating a dictionary for that exact same purpose. For simplicitys sake, though, Id rather just import all modules, and not do anything in addition to that in the main script.p
Negative 387 pIve been reluctant to open a question, but after fighting this for 6 hours Im now crosseyed.  Ive got some experience with PHP and HTML but Ajax and jQuery is new to me I first heard about it yesterday. p  pI want the page to display the submitted values inside the div classresult without refreshing. Anyway, the workflowp  pj.php loads  user fills out two text fields phone and gz  click Submit button  jpost.php is called and echos variables  PHP variables need to display is div classresult on j.phpp  pj.php p  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltscript srccode.jquery.comjquerylatest.jsgtltscriptgt lt load jquery via CDN gt ltscriptgt    document.readyfunction start document ready       submitbutton.clickfunction          .ajax         type POST,         url jpost.php,         data cdr.serialize, success functiond    .result.htmld           end document ready ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idcdrgt  ltdivgt      ltinput typetext idphone namephone value placeholderphone size40 gt  ltdivgt  ltdivgt    ltinput typetext idgz namegz value placeholdergz size40 gt  ltdivgt  ltdivgt    ltbutton idsubmitbuttongtSubmitltbuttongt  ltdivgt ltdivgt    ltdiv classresultgtltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pjpost.phpp  precodeltphp     phone  POST[phone]     gz  POST[gz] echo phone echo gz printrPOST   echo grrrr gt codepre  pSo all I want is gz and phone to echo out in my result div on j.php, but all that shows up is br Array   grrrrp  pThis makes me believe that my variables are being lost somewhere P or Im echoing them incorrectly. p  pThanks so much for any helpp
Negative 387 pIm running very time sensitive code and would need a scheme to reserve more space for my vectors at a specific place in the code, where I can know approximately how many elements will be added, instead of having std do it for me when the vector is full.p  pI havent found a way to test this to make sure there are no corner cases of std that I do not know of, therefore Im wondering how the capacity of a vector affects the reallocation of memory. More specifically, would the code below make sure that automatic reallocation strongneverstrong occursp  pstrongcodestrongp  precodestdvectorltunsigned intgt data while condition       Reallocate here      getelementsrequired gives an estimate that is guaranteed to be gt the actual nmber of elements.     unsigned int estimatedelementsrequired  getelementsrequired...     if data.capacity  data.size lt estimatedelementsrequired          data.reservemindata.capacity  2, data.maxlength  1           ...       NEVER reallocate here, I would rather see the program crash actually...     for unsigned int i  0 i lt getelementstoadddata i          data.pushbackelements[i]       codepre  pcodeestimatedelementsrequiredcode in the code above is an estimate that is guaranteed to be equal to, or greater than, the actual number of elements that will be added. The code actually adding elements performs operations based on the capacity of the vector itself, changing the capacity halfway through will generate incorrect results. p
Negative 387 pGood evening.p  pI am working on an Android project that needs to connect an SQL Lite DB to and external DB. I already did that and it works fine, but now I want to do something different. Because the Android isnt always connected to the internet, I need to send the new information to the external database and I thought of doing something like this     If the app is connected to the internet when new data is available, it will send the data to the external DB and also save it in the local DB. In the local DB I have a Date field that is null if the information hasnt been sent yet, or has the value of when the data was sent.      If I dont have an internet connection when new data is available, the data is only going to be saved in the android DB. When the app starts, it checks if it is connected to the internet and sends the data that hasnt been sent yet. p  pI also would like that at least once a day, the app would try to update the external DB automatically without user interaction. I was advised to use this a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comtrainingsyncadaptersindex.html relnofollowhttpdeveloper.android.comtrainingsyncadaptersindex.htmla but after some research it seems that few people use it. p  pWhat do you think Are there other ways or some good uptodate tutorials that you can refer Thanks p
Negative 387 pHow can I dynamically set iframe src value I have tried this doesnt change the src. If someone can help I would really appreciate.p  pHTMLp  precodelta hrefexample idtestgttestltagt ltaside idexample classmodalgt ltdivgt ltiframe width650 srchttpwww.youtube.comembedEgF81M7hMSE height366       idiframe frameborder0gtltiframegt lta hrefclose titleClosegtltagt ltdivgt ltasidegt codepre  pJSp  precode document .readyfunction  test.clickfunction iframe.attrsrc, httpwww.youtube.comembed3XviR7esUvo    codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netGPCK2 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netGPCK2ap
Negative 387 pI have created a form and added a ToolStrip to it.p  pThen I added a big button and anchored it to all sides.p  pThen I created a second button that would set the ToolStrip visible and invisiblep  precode Private Sub Button1Clicksender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles Button1.Click      Me.ToolStrip1.Visible  Not Me.ToolStrip1.Visible  End Sub codepre  pHowever, when I make the ToolStrip invisible, the big button does not change its size and position. p  pDoes anybody know whyp  pThank youp
Negative 387 pIm making an app that can validate authenticate a user in a wpf form. Im using asp .net security module. The database that was generated is present Im sure and a user is added.p  pMy code p  precodeprivate void ButtonClickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e            MembershipCreateStatus result         Membership.CreateUsertestuser, Pass, testtest.com, Hood, Pine Hills, true, out result         String nametxtName.Text         String pastxtPassword.Text         if Membership.ValidateUsername, pas             lblResult.Content  correct         else             lblResult.Content  wrong       codepre  pThe problem is that it isnt correct.. even if I fill in the correct password and user.p
Negative 387 pI wrote a program in C that generates a sudoku puzzle solution. It randomly generates numbers, filling in the puzzle as it goes. If it ever tries to fill one spot more than 20 times, it resets everything to 0 and starts over.p  pThe code works wonderfully in C. I cant get it to work in JavaScript though. Im not trying to do anything fancy with it, just display it on a webpage. When I run the script, it crashes the page I eventually get a page not responding message.p  pId greatly appreciate any feedback on where I am going wrong here. p  pThe C code is below the JavaScript.p  pIn JavaScriptp  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodefunction Sudoku2       constant      var LEN  9       Track numbers in use      var blockNums  new ArrayLEN     var rowNums  new ArrayLEN     var colNums  new ArrayLEN      solution by blocks e.g. [0][08] is block 0      var solutionBlocks  new ArrayLEN      final puzzle solution rows x cols      var solution  new ArrayLEN      Track where we are      var row, col, block, num  0, iterations  0       make arrays 2d      for i0 i lt LEN i          blockNums[i]  new ArrayLEN         rowNums[i]  new ArrayLEN         colNums[i]  new ArrayLEN         solutionBlocks[i]  new ArrayLEN         solution[i]  new ArrayLEN         solution[i][9]  ltbr gt            Generate solution by block      for block  0 block lt LEN block          for i  0 i lt LEN                Generate a random number              num  Math.floorMath.randomLEN  1               If iteration is gt 20 for any i, the solution is unsolvable              if iterations gt 20                   Reset everything                  for j  0 j lt LEN j                      for k  0 k lt LEN k                          solution[j][k]  0                         solutionBlocks[j][k]  0                         blockNums[j][k]  0                         rowNums[j][k]  0                         colNums[j][k]  0                                                       i  0                 iterations  0                 block  0                            is number already assigned to block              if blockNums[block][num  1]  0                   convert block numberposition to row and col                  col  block  3  3  i  3                 row  i  3  block  3  3                  if number not assigned to row or col                  if rowNums[row][num  1]  0 ampamp colNums[col][num  1]  0                       assign number                      solutionBlocks[block][i]  num                     solution[row][col]  num                     blockNums[block][num  1]  1                     rowNums[row][num  1]  1                     colNums[col][num  1]  1                     iterations  0                     i                  otherwise, track  of loops                   else  iterations                                     Generate string output      var str  solution.toString     var screenOutput  document.getElementByIdsudoku2     screenOutput.innerHTMLstr  codepre  pIn Cp  pre classlangc prettyprintoverridecodeincludeltstdio.hgt includeltstdlib.hgt includelttime.hgt define LEN 9  int main        Track numbers in use      int blockNums[LEN][LEN]  0     int rowNums[LEN][LEN]  0     int colNums[LEN][LEN]  0      Track where we are      int i  0, row, col, block, num  0, iterations  0       solution by blocks e.g. [0][08] is block 0      int solutionBlocks[LEN][LEN]  0      final puzzle solution rows x cols      int solution[LEN][LEN]  0       initialize random seed      srand  timeNULL        Generate solution by block      for block  0 block lt LEN block          for i  0 i lt LEN                Generate a random number              num  rand  LEN  1               If iteration is gt 20 for any i, the solution is unsolvable              if iterations gt 20                  int j, k                  Reset everything                  for j  0 j lt LEN j                      for k  0 k lt LEN k                          solution[j][k]  0                         solutionBlocks[j][k]  0                         blockNums[j][k]  0                         rowNums[j][k]  0                         colNums[j][k]  0                                                       i  0                 iterations  0                 block  0                            is number already assigned to block              switch blockNums[block][num  1]                  case 0                           convert block numberposition to row and col                          col  block  3  3  i  3                         row  i  3  block  3  3                          if number not assigned to row or col                          if rowNums[row][num  1]  0 ampamp colNums[col][num  1]  0                               assign number                              solutionBlocks[block][i]  num                             solution[row][col]  num                             blockNums[block][num  1]  1                             rowNums[row][num  1]  1                             colNums[col][num  1]  1                             iterations  0                             i                          otherwise, track  of loops                           else  iterations                          break                                  Print solution      forrow  0 row lt LEN row          printf            forcol  0 col lt LEN col              printfd , solution[row][col]             if col  1  3  0 ampamp col  8                 printf                   printfn         if row  1  3  0 ampamp row  8             printfn           return 0  codepre  pIf it is needed, here is the HTML I am usingp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltp idsudoku2gtClick it.ltpgt ltbutton typebutton onclickSudoku2gtit.ltbuttongt codepre
Negative 387 pOk, so, my first reasonable project in C so please bare with me. p  pI have almost completed this, but my progress bar is really not very good. I have a number of checkboxes. If a checkbox is checked then a set process will run. if the other check box is checked then another given process will run. below is an example of the codep  precodeif pslist.Checked  true        progress  9       backgroundWorker1.ReportProgressprogress       string commandlineargs  f   imagefile   profile  profile   pslist   outputfile  output  pslist.txt       Process process  new Process       ProcessStartInfo startInfo  new ProcessStartInfo       startInfo.WindowStyle  System.Diagnostics.ProcessWindowStyle.Hidden       startInfo.FileName  vollocation       startInfo.Arguments  commandlineargs       process.StartInfo  startInfo       process.Start       process.WaitForExit       process.Close  codepre  pfor every check box in my form, there is code very similar to this with a few changes.p  pthe progress variable is how i am updating my progress bar, with the backroundworker report progress as you can seep  pfor each checkbox i have increased the progress variable by 3. so by time you get to the last checkbox progress  100p  pthis is great, but if the user only ticks the first three checkboxes, the progress bar will go from 0 to 3, to 6 and then jump straight to 100 at the end which isn great.p  pDoes anyone have any suggestions on how to make this a little bit more cleverp  pMy first thought was to divide the amount of checkboxes ticked by 100, but then I wouldnt know how to update the progress bar with this data.p  pMany thanks in advance.p  pUPDATEp  pThanks for your suggestions guys. I have come to a solution Im happy with. Because Im new to C Ive had to come up with a solution that I understand.p  pBasically, I created a collection, and then had if statements to add or remove a checkbox from the collection based on whether or not they are checked. p  precodevar cbs  new ListltCheckBoxgt           ifimageinfo.Checked  true                      cbs.Addimageinfo                   else                      cbs.Removeimageinfo              codepre  pI then divided 100 by the collection count. and had this as a variable interval p  precodeint interval  100  cbs.Count codepre  pI then had within each process p  precodeif imageinfo.Checked  true                       progress  progress  interval             string commandlineargs  f   imagefile   imageinfo   outputfile  output  imageinfo.txt             Process process  new Process             ProcessStartInfo startInfo  new ProcessStartInfo             startInfo.WindowStyle  System.Diagnostics.ProcessWindowStyle.Hidden             startInfo.FileName  vollocation             startInfo.Arguments  commandlineargs             process.StartInfo  startInfo             process.Start             process.WaitForExit             process.Close           codepre  pprogress  progress  interval. This meant that if I had 5 tick boxes ticked. the interval would be 20 and the progress bar goes up by 20 each time a ticked process is complete.p  pThis is probably really dirty code, so I would still really appreciate suggestion on how it could be done better. But as you can see my knowledge is pretty basic so alot of things go straight over my head.p  pI will find time to get better, and learn more for my C Armoury I promisep  pCheers.p
Negative 387 pI currently have a static website that deploys to Heroku via a Rack app.  Here is what my rack file looks like p  precodeuse RackStatic,   urls gt [images, javascript, css, favicon.ico],   root gt public  run lambda  env   [     200,            ContentType  gt texthtml,       CacheControl gt public, maxage86400     ,     File.openpublicindex.html, FileRDONLY   ]  codepre  pI downloaded a config file from New Relics site, but now I need to implement New Relic. Does anyone know what I need to change in my Rack file from the yml filep
Negative 387 pSorry, but I am new to jQuery so this may seem like a dumb question.p  pI have a generic function that will call a code.getcode to retrieve some data from a URL and I then want to assign to a variable, not a control.p  pHeres my function, it has been simplified to clear out the noise...p  precodefunction LoadFromURLurl      var response       textareadump.valurl  url    Shows the URL, no problem      .geturl, , function data          response  data         textareadump.valresponse    Shows the data, no problem           textareadump.valresponse    Shows NOTHING     return response  codepre  pThe problem is that the coderesponsecode value quite happily assigns inside the callback function, but when it gets to the codereturn responsecode then the variable is empty.p
Negative 387 pstrongIn the heading of my page, I havestrongp      precodeltscriptgt function insureSPServicescallbackFunction    if.SPServices  null         jQuery.getScript.scriptsjquery.SPServices2014.01.js, callbackFunction    else        callbackFunction.callnull, Already Loaded     function populate  alertSPServices loaded   jQuery.SPServices  undefined  NO  YES.  ltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript languagejavascriptgt   document.readyfunction        alertjQuery     alert  .SPServices.SPGetCurrentSite   alertjQuery loaded   jQuery  undefined  NO  YES. alertSPServices loaded   jQuery.SPServices  undefined  NO  YES.      insureSPServicespopulate    ltscriptgt codepre  pstrongI getstrong  JQuery YES SPServices NO SPServices NOp  pstrongNotesstrong The two script paths are legitimate.p  pThe SPServices script was downloaded from   a hrefhttpspservices.codeplex.comdownloadsget786994 relnofollowhttpspservices.codeplex.comdownloadsget786994ap  pThe checkinit logic is from here   a hrefhttpdevspoint.wordpress.com20110107quickwaytoloadspservices relnofollowhttpdevspoint.wordpress.com20110107quickwaytoloadspservicesap  pAll help appreciated.p
Negative 387 pI have the following Log4Net code running in my global.asax page. Each of the log statements log successfully to my ado.net appender.p  precodepublic class Global  System.Web.HttpApplication  ILog logger  null  protected void ApplicationStartobject sender, EventArgs e      log4net.Config.XmlConfigurator.Configure      logger  LogManager.GetLoggerMethodBase.GetCurrentMethod.DeclaringType       logger.DebugApplication Started     logger.InfoApplication Started     logger.ErrorApplication Started     logger.FatalApplication Started      AreaRegistration.RegisterAllAreas     GlobalConfiguration.ConfigureWebApiConfig.Register     FilterConfig.RegisterGlobalFiltersGlobalFilters.Filters     RouteConfig.RegisterRoutesRouteTable.Routes     BundleConfig.RegisterBundlesBundleTable.Bundles      logger.DebugApplication Started     logger.InfoApplication Started     logger.ErrorApplication Started     logger.FatalApplication Started  codepre  pThe following code in my controllers will not log anything to the ado.net appender.p  precodepublic class LogSvcController  ApiController  ILog logger  LogManager.GetLoggerMethodBase.GetCurrentMethod.DeclaringType  private EngProjDocSetEventsDBEntities db  new EngProjDocSetEventsDBEntities   GET apiLogSvc public IQueryableltEngProjDocSetEventsWeb.Models.Log4NetDatagt GetLogEntries      logger.InfoBegin GetLogEntries ApiController      var top1k  from l in db.Log4NetData                  orderby l.Id descending                  select l.Take1000      return top1k  ... codepre  pI also have Internal Debuging turned on but there is no information indicating a problem.p  precodeltadd keylog4net.Internal.Debug valuetrue gt codepre  pI am unable to find much information about the ILog object in the debugger to assist in understanding why it is not logging.p  pHow can I determine the connection string and other information used at the time the log statement is executed in order to find out the problemp  pThanksp  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pIf I call the following on the top of the page where logs do not record it works  p  precodelog4net.Config.XmlConigurator.Configure codepre  pWhy do I need to call this a second time  Is this somehow related to WebAPI or MVCp
Negative 387 pOur app is structured as one core application that contains all of the models with many engines that power distinct sites.p  pgemfilep  precodegem rails, 4.1.1 gem leadsengine, path enginesleadsengine gem profilesengine, path enginesprofilesengine gem sourmilkengine, path enginessourmilkengine gem reports, path enginesreports codepre  pUntil recently, only one of these engines used Devise leadsengine. We then added sourmilkengine and found that when a user attempts to log into leadsengine, devise redirects them to sourmilkengine. Reversing the order of the engines in the gem switches the redirect to whichever engine running Devise appears last.p  proutes.rb leadsenginep  precodeLeadsengineEngine.routes.draw do    devisefor user,      classname User,     module devise    codepre  proutes.rb sourmilkenginep  precodeSourmilkengineEngine.routes.draw do    devisefor user,      classname User,     module devise    codepre  pI noted this rejected pull request a hrefhttpsgithub.complataformatecdeviseissues2827 relnofollowhttpsgithub.complataformatecdeviseissues2827a and wondered if a better solution has been foundp
Negative 387 pI have a file cart.html which displayes a list of items fetched from database and each item has a button AddToCart which when clicked call the function addDB and add the product to the table productadd. My problem is that when the button AddToCart is clicked only nulll values are inserted in the table productadd .p  precodeThis function is found in the cart.html and get the items from the database document.readyfunction   product.clickfunction                     .ajax    create an ajax request to loadpage.php     type GET,     url allProducts.php,                  dataType html,   expect html to be returned                     success functionresponse                             responsecontainer.htmlresponse          alertresponse             the above function is called when a button View All Products is clicked  ltinput typebutton idcart valueView Cartgt  codepre  pThe above code works fine and displayes the result p  precodeThese lines of codes are in the allProducts.php echo lttrgt     echo lttdgt.row[id].lttdgt     echo lttdgtltimg src.row[image].  width120 height100gtlttdgt     echo lttdgt.row[name].lttdgt     echo lttdgt.row[price].lttdgt     echo lttdgt       echo ltinput typebutton valueAdd to Cart onclickaddDBgt          echo lttdgt     echo lttrgt codepre  pHere is the function addDBp  precodefunction addDB  var request  .ajax url add.php, type GET,            dataType html     request.failfunctionjqXHR, textStatus      alert Request failed   textStatus      codepre  pThis is the add.phpp  precode ltphp  include dbConnect.php  id  issetGET[id]  GET[id]   name  issetGET[name]  GET[name]   price issetGET[price]  GET[price]    insert  INSERT INTO productaddid, name, price VALUES id, name,price insertQuerymysqlqueryinsert gt codepre  pMy problem is that when the button AddToCart is clicked null or 0 are being inserted in the database.Can somebody please help me p
Negative 387 pCurrently writing a small program using a joystick, I struggle to understand why the joyGetPos works, while joyGetPosEx does not.p  pI did some basic program using C, and its my first project using a joystick.p  pPlatform windows 7 64 bitp  pJoystick a hrefhttpwww.thrustmaster.comenUKproductshotascougar relnofollowhttpwww.thrustmaster.comenUKproductshotascougarap  pDoc on the joystick functions a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsdesktopdd75712128vvs.8529.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsdesktopdd757121vvs.85.aspxap  pCode for JOYINFOp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltstdio.hgt include ltstringgt include ltWindows.hgt   int main int argc, char argv       while  true               unsigned int numdev  joyGetNumDevs          if  0  numdev                       stdcout ltlt [ERROR ] numdev  0 ltlt stdendl                    JOYINFO            retreiving the joystick values         JOYINFO joyinfo         MMRESULT joygetposresult  joyGetPos JOYSTICKID1, ampjoyinfo            if tested, joygetposresult  does not produce any error           values change when playing with the stick         stdcout ltlt joinfo.wXpos   ltlt joinfo.wXpos ltlt stdendl         stdcout ltlt joinfo.wYpos   ltlt joinfo.wYpos ltlt stdendl       codepre  pThis version is quite well, but the big grey hat and 4 buttons out of 18 do not work.p  pCode for JOYINFOEXp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltstdio.hgt include ltstringgt include ltWindows.hgt   int main int argc, char argv       while  true               unsigned int numdev  joyGetNumDevs          if  0  numdev                       stdcout ltlt [ERROR ] numdev  0 ltlt stdendl                     JOYINFOEX           retreiving the joystick values         JOYINFOEX joyinfoex         MMRESULT joygetposexresult  joyGetPosEx JOYSTICKID1, ampjoyinfoex            error always produced         if  joygetposexresult  JOYERRPARMS                      stdcout ltlt [ERROR ] JOYERRPARMS ltlt stdendl                    values does not change when playing with the stick         stdcout ltlt joinfoex.dwXpos   ltlt joinfoex.dwXpos ltlt stdendl         stdcout ltlt joinfoex.dwYpos   ltlt joinfoex.dwYpos ltlt stdendl   codepre  pThis second version is always producing the JOYERRPARMS error. I tried to change the JOYSTICKID1 from 1 to 15, but without any success. I think I am not using correctly the windows functions, but unfortunately I am not able to understand the correct way to use it.p  pDid you face the same problem Am I using the good API to use such joystick p  pThanks for your help.p
Negative 387 pIve got a simple partialp  precodeltdiv classcolxs12gt     ltlabelgtview modelltlabelgt     lttextarea classformcontrol btnxs rows12gtJsonConvert.SerializeObjectModellttextareagt ltdivgt codepre  pthe following have not workedp  precodeusing Newtonsoft.Json codepre  pin partial or primary cshtml, norp  precodeltsystem.web.webPages.razorgt     lthost factoryTypeSystem.Web.Mvc.MvcWebRazorHostFactory, System.Web.Mvc, Version3.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31BF3856AD364E35 gt     ltpages pageBaseTypeSystem.Web.Mvc.WebViewPagegt         ltnamespacesgt             ltadd namespaceNewtonsoft.Json gt         ltnamespacesgt     ltpagesgt ltsystem.web.webPages.razorgt codepre  pin ViewsWeb.config. I still getp  precodeThe type or namespace name Newtonsoft could not be found are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference codepre  por p  precodeThe name JsonConvert does not exist in the current context codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to return 0 if my table contains nothing or it has null value. I have only one column called codeidcode but I dont know why this query is not working.p  precodeselect  case when  b.id is null or b.id  then 0 else b.id end test  from test b codepre  phow to get zero if table contains no data or it is being truncated.p
Negative 387 pFor a project I have to implement an external mergesort algorithm. It will be used to sort a file with mostly numbers or strings and will be some GBs in size. This is the definition of the mergesort that Ive been given p  precodevoid MergeSort char infile,                 unsigned char field,                 blockt buffer,                 unsigned int nmemblocks,                 char outfile,                 unsigned int nsortedsegs,                 unsigned int npasses,                 unsigned int nios codepre  pIm not allowed to change that. The first argument is the file that Im going to sort. The second the field according to which I want to sort the file doesnt interest me right now, the third argument is the buffer. Which is a struct. Here is the definition of a block p  precodetypedef struct      unsigned int blockid     unsigned int nreserved  how many reserved entries     recordt entries[MAXRECORDSPERBLOCK]  array of records     bool valid   if set, then this block is valid     unsigned char misc     unsigned int nextblockid     unsigned int dummy   blockt codepre  pthe fourth argument is the number of blocks in memory. The last three arguments can be set by me.p  pMy questions are p  ol lipDo I take the file and cut it into two files pli lipIs the buffer a file stored in the harddrive or does it stay in the memory Do I have to create a new file Im a little confused with this part.pli ol  pThese are my thoughts to start right now. First I get the file and split it in two parts. I also create a buffer, which I dont know what size it should have. Then I read the first block of records from the first file, and compare the numbers to the first block of records of the second file. Whenever the number is lesser or equal to another I will send it to the output file. Can you evaluate my stream of thoughts Or am I thinking it wrongp
Negative 387 pI am attempting to launch an executable from code written in Codegear Delphi 2007. I have been successful in doing so, but once the executable which is a winforms app launched, it does not kick off the codeTaskcode that it is programmed to.p  pHere is the code I am using to launch the process from Delphip  precodeprocedure TfrmMain.OpenDatabase1ClickSender TObject var filename string var parameters string var     sei TShellExecuteInfo     ExitCode DWORD begin   if OpenDatabaseDialog.Executethen begin     Connect to mysql, check for new data and insert data into sdb file before opening.     filename  CmysqlhelperSSOAP Mysql Helper.exe     parameters    OpenDatabaseDialog.FileName       ZeroMemorysei, SizeOfsei     sei.cbSize  SizeOfTShellExecuteInfo     sei.fMask  SEEMASKFLAGDDEWAIT or SEEMASKFLAGNOUI or SEEMASKNOCLOSEPROCESS     sei.lpVerb  PCharrunas     sei.lpFile  PCharfilename  PAnsiChar     if parameters ltgt  then       sei.lpParameters  PCharparameters  PAnsiChar     sei.nShow  SWSHOWNORMAL Integer      if ShellExecuteExsei then begin       repeat         Application.ProcessMessages         GetExitCodeProcesssei.hProcess, ExitCode        until ExitCode ltgt STILLACTIVE or  Application.Terminated     end      OpenDatabaseOpenDatabaseDialog.Filename   end end codepre  pHere is the code in C, that runs just fine as a standalonep  precodepublic Form1      InitializeComponent      get command line arguments should be ssoap database filename     string[] args  Environment.GetCommandLineArgs      open connections     OpenMySQLConnection     OpenAccessConnectionargs[1]      init the lists for FMs and RGs     flowMeters  new ListltFlowMetergt     rainGauges  new ListltRainGaugegt     Task t  new Tasknew ActionDoWork     t.Start  codepre  pI have debugged it to the point that I simply feel the codeTaskcode is not being started. I have placed codeMessageBox.Showcode points throughout, and it makes it up to the codet.Startcode part of it.p  pTo clarify, my question is, why on earth can I launch the executable, giving it the parameter it expects, and it just does not launch the codeTaskcodep
Negative 387 pI have a form where I have two codeltselectgtcode the first one are filled dinamically through a jquery script which read data from a json file and a second one to where the user transfer the items he want submit to server.p  pRight now, the user can only submit the items when he MANUALLY submit the items. I dont want that because the user already have to select this same data from the first select. Anyone can tell me how to acomplish thatp  pstronghtml codestrongp  precodelttablegt lttrgt     lttdgt     ltselect classall alladdress size10 multiplemultiplegt     ltselectgt     lttdgt  lttdgt     ltpgt ltbutton typebutton classbtn btnlg btndefault idforleft1gt ltlt ltbuttongt ltpgt     ltpgt ltbutton typebutton classbtn btnlg btndefault idforright1gt gtgt ltbuttongt ltpgt lttdgt      lttdgt     ltselect nameaddress classlista listaaddress size10 multiplemultiplegt     ltselectgt     lttdgt lttrgt lttablegt codepre  pstrongjquery codestrongp  precodedocument.onsubmit, .form, function event      event.preventDefault      var form   this ,     url  form.attr action       var posting  .post url, this.serialize      posting.donefunction data           data.cssdisplay, block          .form.each function             this.reset                codepre
Negative 387 pI have a table with approximately 1.1 million rows and 12 columms.  Those columns are a name of an element set as clustered nonunique index, a date and 10 integers containing statistics.  The data is about a weeks worth of statistics for a bit over 150,000 elements.p  pThe database is on mssqlserver 2008 and is external to my PC. p  pI am to generate a report which shows all statistics for all 150,000 elements for the past week.  I query the DB one element at a time, so that would be about 150,000 queries in total with each ResultSet returning 7 rows.  It takes about a second to complete 5 queries.  This is too slow for a daily report.p  pSo, is this just life or is there something I can do to speed this up  While working on this I had removed all processing of the ResultSet to ensure that most of the time is actually spent executing the query. p  pJDBCp  precodeStatement stmt  mconnection.createStatement  ResultSet rs    stmt.executeQuerySELECT  FROM   DBTABLEPVGSTATISTICS   WHERE   Data.PVGSPANNAME     pvgSpanName   ORDER BY   Data.DATE   DESC codepre  pAn attempt to better explain the data in the table.  Below is an abbreviated mock up of the data. p  precodeDetroit laps400 sts0 vt1dot51,1  060214  13400916  13408882  45  32  6  ... Detroit laps400 sts0 vt1dot51,1  060114  12000825  19998206  43  21  5  ... Detroit laps400 sts0 vt1dot51,2  060214  13001056  13001007  67  2   78 ... Detroit laps400 sts0 vt1dot51,2  060114  11001078  11000002  42  2   45 ... Omaha laps400 sts0 vt1dot51,1    060214  13001056  13001007  67  2   78 ... Omaha laps400 sts0 vt1dot51,2    060114  11001078  11000002  42  2   45 ... etc... codepre  pDetroit laps400 sts0 vt1dot51,1 is an example of a pvgSpanName.  Detroit laps400 sts0 vt1dot51,2 is another one.  There are 150,000 more unique pvgSpanNames in the table.p  pEach pvgSpanName will have 7 days of data.  Above, only two days are shown in the example per pvgSpanName.  Along with the pvgSpanName column and the date column are 10 more columns of statistics.  Only 5 are shown in the example.p  p150,000 pvgSpanNames  7 days  1,000,000 rows.p  pThe ResultSet for each query one per pvgSpanName is 7 rows 1 row per date.  The ResultSet is parsed by the java program and eventually gets stored to a .txt file for upload to a webpage.  The output looks similar to the following p  precodeDetroit laps400 sts0 vt1dot51,1                 Running  ErrorFree  Errored  Frame   CRC      More      Date         Time    Seconds  Seconds  Errors  Errors   Stats  060214 Mon  13400916  13408882     45       32      6      ... 060114 Sun  12000825  19998206     43       21      5      ... 053114 Sat  13400916  13408882     43       21      5      ... 053014 Fri  13400916  13408882     42       21      4      ... 052914 Thu  13400916  13408882     42       21      4      ... 052814 Wed  13400916  13408882     41       21      3      ... 052714 Tue  13400916  13408882     41       21      3      ...     Detroit laps400 sts0 vt1dot51,2                 Running  ErrorFree  Errored  Frame   CRC      More      Date         Time    Seconds  Seconds  Errors  Errors   Stats  060214 Mon  13001056  13001007     67        2      78     ... 060114 Sun  11001078  11000002     42        2      45     ... 053114 Sat  13400916  13408882     42        2       5     ... 053014 Fri  13400916  13408882     42        2       4     ... 052914 Thu  13400916  13408882     42        2       4     ... 052814 Wed  13400916  13408882     42        2       3     ... 052714 Tue  13400916  13408882     42        2       3     ...   and so on for each pvgSpanName. codepre  pFYI I dont have access to the actual data at this moment so dont pay much attention to the actual values for the statistics.p
Negative 387 pI hope I can explain this well enough. I have four levels of category with the following table structurep  h2categories catlevel0h2  precoderecordid   category  1           Antiques amp Collectibles 2           Art 3           Baby Gear codepre  h2subcategories catlevel1h2  precoderecordid  categoryid  subcategory  1          3            Baby room amp furniture 2          3            Backpacks amp carrier 3          3            Bath time codepre  h2subsubcategories catlevel2h2  precoderecordid  subcategoryid  subsubcategory  1          1               Bookcases amp shelves 2          1               Cushions 3          1               Lamps amp lighting 4          1               Wall hangings amp paintings codepre  h2subsubsubcategories  catlevel3h2  precoderecordid  subsubcategoryid  subsubsubcategory  1          4                  Animals 2          4                  Fairy tales 3          4                  Names amp letters codepre  pI also have a listings table as follows. A listing has only one exhaustive category, i.e. when a listing is created you must define it precisely at the lowest possible category level. i.e. if there are still lower category levels you must keep selecting subcategories until there is nothing lower. p  h2listingsh2  precoderecordid   catid   catlevel  title  1           1        3        Wooden Animal Wall Hanging 2           1        2        Wooden Book Case 3           3        1        Bubble Bath codepre  pcodecatidcode is the unique id of whatever level we are talking aboutp  pcodecatlevelcode defines the actual category level, so a level of 0 would be the top level Categories, whereas a level of 3 would be the lowest SubSubSubcategory levelp  pThere is search functionality on the website front end. You enter keywords and select a top level category catlevel0 from a dropdown box. You can only select a top level category at this stage, none of the lower subcategory levels.p  pI want this search to return listings that are not only under that top level category but also any associated subcategory level right down to catlevel 3.p  pSo for the above example, if I enter wooden in the search box and select Baby Gear from the category dropdown, I should get the first two records from the Listings table.p
Negative 387 pedited Hey, Im trying to get an app that somebody else wrote to call the function each time the spreadsheet is edited.  Ive been looking at the google developers website a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comappsscriptunderstandingtriggers relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comappsscriptunderstandingtriggersa and have tried a number of different options for syntax, but none of them have worked so far.  Heres the function as it stands I havent included any of the syntax options I tried, just the function itself named onEdit.  All I want this function to do is count the number of cells with a nonwhite background in the specified range and update the count displayed in the cell that uses this addon script when the spreadsheet is edited.  Incidentally, does anyone know whether changing the background color of a cell counts as editing the spreadsheet  Thank you.p  precodefunction onEditrange    var ss  SpreadsheetApp.getActiveSpreadsheet   var sheet  ss.getActiveSheet      var r  sheet.getRangerange   var i  0   var colors   r.getBackgroundColors    forc in colors       ifcolors[c]  white        i            return i    codepre
Negative 387 pI have a tablep  precode     This  Is  A  Table                    foo   ba  r  elbaT  codepre  pId like the table to display in the center of my Markdown file instead of leftaligned. I am not trying to align text, but the entire table itself. Do I need to resort to HTMLCSS to achieve what I wantp  pThis is for an Apiary.io project.p
Negative 387 pHey Ive got three java classes saved as .java forming an applet, and have no clue how to convert it to html. Ive seen people say to convert it to a .jar, but i dont know how to do that. can anyone give a step by step preferably using netbeansp
Negative 387 precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt document.readyfunction     input[nametrim].clickfunction event          if this.val  deluxe              input[nameoption].attrchecked, true          else if this.val  plain              input[nameoption].attrchecked, false                   input[nameoption].clickfunctionevent         custom.attrchecked,checked       ltscriptgt codepre  pThis is radio and click button problem. First I click deluxe button, check button works fine. Then I click plain button it works fine too. Then I reclick deluxe button, check button wont working. Then I try to test out custom button. It not working either after I click plain button. Does anyone know whats going on By the way plain works fine from beginning.p
Negative 387 pI cant find any specifications for the XYZ tiles source used by OpenLayersp  pI have some images where I for each know the 4 corners in the a Mercator projection EPSG3857 p  pI would like to tile those images into XYZ directories, but are not sure how I find the corners of each xyz tile at each zoom lvl. If I can calculate all the xyz tiles corners also in EPSG3857 coordinates, I simply could cut out the intersection parts with the 4 corners of the images.p
Negative 387 pI am creating an application which uses cameragallery. I am taking a photo using camera and once I took the picture, the device will automatically display a preview screen in iOS, allows me to move and scale my image as required. In android, I manually created a preview window.p  pBut I want to crop the image with a resolution 610x320 pixels. p  pHere is the code for taking imagep  precodeTi.Media.showCamera successfunctionevent       ifevent.mediaType  Ti.Media.MEDIATYPEPHOTO      var image  event.media     var ImageFactory  requireti.imagefactory     var newBlob  ImageFactory.imageAsCroppedimage, width610, height320              imgvwCapturedImage.image  newBlob imgvwCapturedImage is an image view           , cancelfunction ,     errorfunctionerror          alertSorry, Unable to to process now.Please retry later.     , saveToPhotoGallerytrue,     allowEditingtrue,     mediaTypes[Ti.Media.MEDIATYPEPHOTO]  codepre  pstrongI was able to crop the image using the a hrefhttpsgithub.comappceleratortitaniummodulestreemasterimagefactory relnofollowimageFactory modulea only after selecting the photo from the preview screenstrong. Is there any chance to do the same strongat the preview screen itselfstrong so that the user can identify which area is getting croppedp  pAny help will be appreciated.p
Negative 387 pI have an array of Float32 values called recordingSamples that I wish to write to an audio file. The value of recordingLength is about 390000. Im using the following code p  precodeNSString outputPath  Usersevanjacksonoutput.caf NSFileManager fileManager  [NSFileManager defaultManager] [fileManager createFileAtPathoutputPath contentsnil attributesnil]  AudioStreamBasicDescription audioFormat audioFormat.mSampleRate  44100.0 audioFormat.mFormatID  kAudioFormatLinearPCM audioFormat.mFormatFlags  kAudioFormatFlagsNativeFloatPacked audioFormat.mChannelsPerFrame  1 audioFormat.mBitsPerChannel  32 audioFormat.mBytesPerFrame  4 audioFormat.mFramesPerPacket  1 audioFormat.mBytesPerPacket  audioFormat.mFramesPerPacket  audioFormat.mBytesPerFrame  UInt32 lengthPropertySize  sizeofSInt64 ExtAudioFileRef filteredAudio NSURL destinationURL  [NSURL URLWithStringoutputPath] OSStatus status  ExtAudioFileCreateWithURLbridge CFURLRefdestinationURL, kAudioFileCAFType, ampaudioFormat, NULL, kAudioFileFlagsEraseFile, ampfilteredAudio printfStatus dn, status ExtAudioFileOpenURLbridge CFURLRef[NSURL fileURLWithPathoutputPath], ampfilteredAudio const AudioStreamBasicDescription audioFormat  [del audioFormat] status  ExtAudioFileSetPropertyfilteredAudio, kExtAudioFilePropertyClientDataFormat, sizeofaudioFormat, ampaudioFormat printfStatus dn, status status  ExtAudioFileGetPropertyfilteredAudio, kExtAudioFilePropertyFileLengthFrames, amplengthPropertySize, amprecordingLength printfStatus dn, status AudioBufferList buffers  AudioBufferList mallocsizeofAudioBufferList  sizeofAudioBuffer buffersgtmNumberBuffers  1 for int i  0 i lt buffersgtmNumberBuffers i      buffersgtmBuffers[0].mData  recordingSamples     buffersgtmBuffers[0].mNumberChannels  1     buffersgtmBuffers[0].mDataByteSize  recordingLength  sizeofFloat32   status  ExtAudioFileWritefilteredAudio, recordingLength, buffers printfStatus dn, status codepre  pAll of the statuses return as 0, the file gets created 4 bytes but Quicktime will not open it and returns the error 12842, and the compiler delivers the following messagep  precodelibcabi.dylib terminating with uncaught exception of type stdbadalloc stdbadalloc lldb  codepre  pAnybody know whats going wrong Thanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pIm using peewee as ORM for a project and want to extend it to handle logical deletes.p  pIve added deleted field to my base model and have extended the delete operations as followsp  precodeclassmethod def deletecls, permanentlyFalse     if permanently         return superBaseModel, cls.delete     else         return superBaseModel, cls.updatedeletedTrue, modifiedatdatetime.datetime.now  def deleteinstanceself, permanentlyFalse, recursiveFalse, deletenullableFalse     if permanently         return self.deletepermanently.whereself.pkexpr.execute     else         self.deleted  True         return self.save codepre  pThis works great. However, when Im overriding select I get some problems.p  precodeclassmethod def selectcls, selection     print selection     return superBaseModel, cls.selectcls, selection.wherecls.deleted  False codepre  pThis works in most cases, but in certains selects it breaks when the resulting query ends up  using a join with the keyword IN with the following error 1241, Operand should contain 1 columnsp  pAny suggestion on how to properly override select or work around this problemp
Negative 387 pIve been sampling an F snippet written by Tomas Petricek that returns an observable that yields sliding windows of  containing elements drawn from an input observable. That works just fine when the IObservable passed to the function contains ints or tuples, however if its an IObservable of records, each resulting array window of count elements contains the same value.  And each new window contains the same count elements of the last value observed.  The snippet is reproduced below. Is there something internal to async expressions along with F records that may be causing this behaviorp  precodeopen System  module Observable      Returns an observable that yields sliding windows of     containing elements drawn from the input observable.     Each window is returned as a fresh array.   let windowed countint sourceIObservableltgt       new IObservableltgt with         member x.Subscribeobserver             Start an agent that remembers partial windows of length             smaller than the count new agent for every observer           let agent  MailboxProcessor.Startfun agent gt              The parameter lists contains partial lists and their lengths             let rec loop lists  async                  Receive the next value               let value  agent.Receive                 Add new empty list and then the new element to all lists.                Then split the lists into full that should be sent                to the observer and partial which need more elements.               let full, partial                  0, []  lists                 gt List.map fun length, l gt length  1, valuel                 gt List.partition fun length, l gt length  count                 Send all full lists to the observer as arrays               for , l in full do                 observer.OnNextl gt Array.ofSeq gt Array.rev                 Continue looping with incomplete lists               return loop partial                Start with an empty list of partial lists             loop []             Send incoming values to the agent           source.Subscribeagent.Post  codepre
Negative 387 pIn Wordpress, I have created a custom post type called Events and added in custom fields using Advanced Custom Fields. I have just basic fields since our need for a calendar is basic in itself. p  pFields are Start Date, End Date, Start Time, End Time, Location, Titlep  pI am trying to query posts with an array that is basically If End Date is greater than todayss date, Then show posts. p  pThe issue is Advanced Custom Fields has a built in DatePicker which formats dates as YYYYMMDD and not YYYYMMDD as PHP does. Here is my code as it is todayp  precodeif issetGET[m]       currentmonth  GET[m]     currentday  dated  the actual day     currentyear  GET[y]     futureyear  2016      startday  currentyear.currentmonth.currentday     endday  futureyear.currentmonth.currentday      echo startday     echo endday       args  array         posttype gt events,     poststatus gt publish,     postsperpage gt 10,     metakey gt eventdateends,     metaquery gt array                  key gt eventdateends,                 compare gt gt,                 value gt startday,                 type gt DATE             ,      orderby gt metavaluenum,     order gt ASC,     paged gt  getqueryvarpaged  getqueryvarpaged  1 ,  codepre  pIve tried at least 20 variations and techniques with the end result being either A all Events that are published are returned or B No Events published are returned. p  pIm trying to steer away from using a calendar plugin for various reasons mainly since most are bulky in resources and also the client wants the return values laid out particularly and I havent been able to find a calendar plugin that was that customizable. Visually its approved as it is now but past events will not automatically be removed on their own.p  pUPDATEp  pI was able to convert the Advanced Custom Fields date to YYYYMMDD and used this code however its returning all Eventsp  precodeargs  array         posttype gt events,     poststatus gt publish,     postsperpage gt 10,     metaquery gt array                 key gt eventdateends,                 compare gt gt,                 value gt dateYmd,                 type gt DATE             ,     orderby gt metavaluenum,     order gt ASC,     paged gt  getqueryvarpaged  getqueryvarpaged  1 ,  codepre
Negative 387 pIm learning how to use CoreAnimation with various UI elements. Ultimately I would like to perform complex, queued animations on all ui elements on screen as I transition to the next view.p  pNow however I am attempting something really simple. I want to transform scale up a UILabel on button tap.p  pI have the following functionp  precodefunc animateUIElementsOutelement  AnyObject     var animation  CABasicAnimation  CABasicAnimationkeyPath transform    var transform  CATransform3D  CATransform3DMakeScale2, 2, 1    animation.setValueNSValueCATransform3D transform, forKey scaleText    animation.duration  2.0    element.layer.addAnimationanimation, forKey scaleText   codepre  pI am calling the function on a button tap like thisp  precode  animateUIElementsOutgreetingsLabel codepre  pThe compiler isnt giving off any warnings, however the animation is  not working. What am I doing wrong herep  pAs per David Rnnqvist suggestions the working code looks like this fromValue  toValue addedp  precodefunc animateUIElementsOutelement  AnyObject     var animation  CABasicAnimation  CABasicAnimationkeyPath transform    animation.delegate  self    var transform  CATransform3D  CATransform3DMakeScale2, 2, 1    animation.fromValue  NSValueCATransform3D CATransform3DIdentity   animation.toValue  NSValueCATransform3D transform    animation.duration  2.0    element.layer.addAnimationanimation, forKey nil  codepre
Negative 387 pId like to access all codeUICollectionViewCellcode in codeUICollectionViewcode.br But in following code, Log outputs only codenullcode.br codeCollectionCellcode is subclass of UICollectionViewCell, and codetitleLabelcode is its property.br Do you have any idea to access all CollectionCellp  precodefor NSInteger j  0 j lt [collectionView numberOfSections] j      for NSInteger i  0 i lt [collectionView numberOfItemsInSectionj] i          CollectionCell cell [collectionView cellForItemAtIndexPath[NSIndexPath indexPathForItemi inSectionj]]         NSLog, cell.titleLabel.text       codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com3wCdM.png altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pHello I have the following array of addresssp  precodevar Address [      Key 1, Title Candidate A, Line1 26 Dove Ave, line2 , suburb Altona, state VIC, postcode 3018 ,      Key 2, Title Candidate B, Line1 101 Collins Street, line2 , suburb Melbourne, state VIC, postcode 3000 ,      Key 3, Title Candidate C, Line1 15 Elgin St, line2 , suburb Carlton, state VIC, postcode 3053 ,      Key 4, Title Candidate D, Line1 435 Bridge Road, line2 , suburb Richmond, state VIC, postcode 3121  ] codepre  pI then call geocoder whilst looping through the above array as followsp  precodegeocoder.geocode address address[i].Line1   ,   address[i].suburb , codepre  pBut the markers on the map are not correct, for example the first entry in the array shows on the map as Swallow Street, Altona VIC 3018, Australia Im not sure what Im doing wrong Ive tried switching the suburb to postcode but the result is always the samep  p Added the below code showing the complete processp  precodegeocoder.geocode address Address[i].Line1   ,   Address[i].suburb ,      function results, status          if status  google.maps.GeocoderStatus.OK              console.logresults             marker  new google.maps.Marker                 position new google.maps.LatLngresults[0].geometry.location.lat, results[0].geometry.location.lng,                 map map                           google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, function    Click event for each location to show the description                 return function                      GetDirectionsresults[0].geometry.location.lat  ,  results[0].geometry.location.lng, address                              marker, i              google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, function e                   var latLng  e.latLng.k  ,  e.latLng.A                  console.loge                  GetDirectionslatLng                            markers.pushmarker                  else              document.getElementByIdtextstatus.value  status             return               codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to implement load balancing for a set of Akka actors. According to the a hrefhttpdoc.akka.iodocsakkasnapshotscalarouting.html relnofollowdocumentationa, codeBalancingPoolcode offers the behavior that I am interested in work stealing. For some reason, there is no group variant which would allow me to create the routees myself and pass them to the router. The docs explicitly say p  blockquote   pThere is no Group variant of the BalancingPool.p blockquote  pwithout saying why. My actors constructor is called with arguments that are calculated at runtime, so I have no other option but creating them programmatically.p  precodeval resourcesList[Any]   ... val system  ActorSystemMySystem val routees  resources.mapr gt system.actorOfMyActor.propsr  This doesnt work for me, because every actor needs a resource val router  system.actorOfBalancingPool3.propsProps[MyActor], router codepre  pHow do I create a codeBalancingPoolcode router that forwards all messages to my actors Why is there no codeBalancingGroupcodep
Negative 387 pIm trying to implement a deployment automation using CHEF. So far I have implemented it using Amazon EC2 and Internap cloud platforms. I know CHEF supports only few cloud platforms.  p  pOther than CHEF is there any library which can be used to create cloud instances in variety of different platforms  p  pDeployment automation is anyway will do using CHEF, the problem is to create instances in different platforms. p
Negative 387 pSpecifically, Id like to keep the syntax formatting but turn off autoindenting and autonewline after semicolons. Id appreciate any help.p
Negative 387 pIm looking for a 6 digit random number on the end of foo, I have been trying for a few hours now with no success. only error messages p  precodenote expected char  but argument is of type int codepre  pIve tried to convert the int to char but it just doesnt like it, My code is below,p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt     include ltstring.hgt include lttime.hgt  char concatchar s1, char s2      char result  mallocstrlens1strlens211 for the zeroterminator     in real code you would check for errors in malloc here     strcpyresult, s1     strcatresult, s2     return result   int main     srandtimeNULL   int r  rand    printfconcatfoo, r    return 0  codepre
Negative 387 pPlease check my demo .I have been trying to implement a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netEG7v91embeddedresult relnofollowthis please hover above any plan blocka with different grid size i have some how managed to make it work all the grid sizes except colxglt768px.Here on hover the div breaks and shows irregular behavior.Below i have added the sample how i want block to render lt768px grid and on hover block has to change to blackish color p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com23IhW.png altenter image description here1 This is the Second Issue  uneven height  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comUmkaf.png altdsa I am trying to build a page from the scratch and so please be kind enough to point out my mistakesp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netEG7v91 relnofollowstrongFIDDLEstrongap  h2HTMLh2  precodeltdiv idContainerPlansgt              ltdiv classrowsgt                          ltdiv classcollg2 colmd2 colsm2 gt                           ltdivgt                         ltdiv classcollg3 colmd3 colsm3 colxs12 gt                                 ltdiv classproductsContainergt                                      ltdiv classProductPlangt                                         ltspan classPlanNamegt                                             01                                        ltspangt                                        ltdivgt                                     ltdiv classProductFeaturegt                                        ltspan classFeatureContentgt                                        lth2gtCompact Planlth2gt                                        ltpgtltspan classbreakgtDDNS Feature for ltspangtremote viewing ltpgt                                          ltdivgt                                        RS 10000                                           ltdivgt                                         free Dns Subscription for a year                                          ltspangt                                     ltdivgt                              ltdivgt                             ltdivgt                         ltdiv classcollg3 colmd3 colsm3 colxs12gt                               ltdiv classproductsContainergt                                                              ltdiv classProductPlangt                                                                 ltspan classPlanNamegt                                                                     02                                                                ltspangt                                                                ltdivgt                                                             ltdiv classProductFeaturegt                                                                ltspan classFeatureContentgt                                                                lth2gtRegular Planlth2gt                                                                ltpgtltspan classbreakgtDDNS Feature for ltspangtremote viewing  ltpgt                                                                  ltdivgt                                                               RS 21000                                                                   ltdivgt                                                                 free Dns Subscription for a year                                                                 ltspangt                                                             ltdivgt                                                      ltdivgt                            ltdivgt                         ltdiv classcollg3 colmd3 colsm3  colxs12 gt                             ltdiv classproductsContainergt                                         ltdiv classProductPlangt                                             ltspan classPlanNamegt                                                 03                                            ltspangt                                            ltdivgt                                         ltdiv classProductFeaturegt                                            ltspan classFeatureContentgt                                            lth2gtPerformance Planlth2gt                                            ltpgtltspan classbreakgtDDNS Feature for ltspangtremote viewing ltpgt                                              ltdivgt                                            RS 45000                                               ltdivgt                                             free Dns Subscription for a year                                              ltspangt                                         ltdivgt                               ltdivgt                         ltdivgt                         ltdiv classcollg1 colmd1 colsm1gt                           ltdivgt              ltdivgt           ltdivgt codepre
Negative 387 pIm very new to develop android apps, Im struggling with my code, Im getting the following error, and I cant understand why it is happening, Im trying to use volley to connect to an API, but before that the user has to login first an then see the content.  p  precode0701 172116.143  2297123604com.rep EYOURAPPLOGTAG I got an error     java.lang.NullPointerException             at com.rep.webservice.volley.toolbox.Volley.newRequestQueueVolley.java45             at com.rep.webservice.rest.ClientesRest.getClientesClientesRest.java52             at com.rep.webservice.Sincronizar.startSincronizar.java26             at com.rep.app.login.LoginActivitySincronizarTask.doInBackgroundLoginActivity.java311             at com.rep.app.login.LoginActivitySincronizarTask.doInBackgroundLoginActivity.java280             at android.os.AsyncTask2.callAsyncTask.java288             at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runFutureTask.java237             at android.os.AsyncTaskSerialExecutor1.runAsyncTask.java231             at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1112             at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java587             at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java841 codepre  pWhat Im doing is, first I get the API datap  precodemSincronizarTask  new SincronizarTaskgetApplicationContext             mSincronizarTask.executeVoid null codepre  pThen I create an Asynctaskp  precodepublic class SincronizarTask extends AsyncTaskltVoid, Void, Booleangt           private Context ctx         private ProgressDialog mProgressDialog         private Sincronizar mSincronizar  new Sincronizarthis.ctx          public SincronizarTaskContext activity              Log.iRM, construct             ctx  activity                    Override         protected void onPreExecute              super.onPreExecute             Log.iRM, onPreExecute                   Override         protected Boolean doInBackgroundVoid... params               Log.iRM, doInBackground              try                  mSincronizar.start              catch Exception e                  Log.iRM, String.valueOfe.getStackTrace                           this.mProgressDialog.dismiss             return true                    Override         protected void onPostExecutefinal Boolean success              Log.iRM, TOTAL   String.valueOfmSincronizar.total                   Override         protected void onCancelled              Log.iRM, onCancelled             mAutenticacaoLocalTask  null             this.mProgressDialog.dismiss                    codepre  pAnd this is the Sync classp  precodepublic class Sincronizar       private Context context     private List Clientes      public SincronizarContext ctx          this.context  ctx           public void start           try               cria o objeto ClienteReste              ClientesRest mClientesRest  new ClientesRestthis.context               dispara a consulta pelo recurso clientes da API              this.Clientes  mClientesRest.getClientes          catch Exception e              Log.iRM, String.valueOfe.getStackTrace                     public Integer total          return 100        codepre  pAnd finally the Clientrest classp  precode public class ClientesRest extends Servidor       private String recursoRest  clientes      private List arrayClientes      private RequestQueue mRequestQueue       private Context context      public ClientesRestContext ctx          this.context  ctx           public final List getClientes           String url  this.URLWS  recursoRest          Log.iRM, URL DE CONSULTA   url           try                 mRequestQueue  Volley.newRequestQueuethis.context              JsonObjectRequest mJsonObjectRequest  new JsonObjectRequestRequest.Method.GET, url, null, new Response.ListenerltJSONObjectgt                    Override                 public void onResponseJSONObject response                      parseJSONresponse                      Log.iRM, resposta da api   response.toString                                 , new Response.ErrorListener                   Override                 public void onErrorResponseVolleyError error                      Log.iRM, error.getMessage                                                              Override                 public MapltString, Stringgt getHeaders throws AuthFailureError                      HashMapltString, Stringgt headers  new HashMapltString, Stringgt                     headers.putTOKEN, 99KI9Gj68CgCf70deM22Ka64chef2C40Gm2lFJ0bDAcbFfd19MfacGf3FFm8CM1hG0eDiIk8                     return headers                                            mRequestQueue.addmJsonObjectRequest               catch Exception e              Log.eYOURAPPLOGTAG, I got an error, e                   return this.arrayClientes            private void parseJSONJSONObject json          try               Log.iRM, executou o parseJSON               array para armazenar os clientes              this.arrayClientes  new ArrayListltClienteModelgt               pega o array dados que vem na resposta da consulta ao rest              JSONArray dados  json.getJSONArraydados               percorre o array              for int i  0 i lt dados.length i                    pega a posio de cada linha no array                  JSONObject item  dados.getJSONObjecti                   cria um objeto do tipo ClienteModel                  ClienteModel mClienteModel  new ClienteModel                   cadastra os dados necessrios no objeto mClienteModel                  mClienteModel.setidrmInteger.parseIntitem.optStringid                 mClienteModel.setnomeitem.optStringnome                 mClienteModel.settipoitem.getStringtipo                 mClienteModel.setenderecoitem.optStringendereco                 mClienteModel.setnumeroitem.optStringnumero                 mClienteModel.setcomplementoitem.optStringcomplemento                 mClienteModel.setcepitem.optStringcep                 mClienteModel.setbairroitem.optStringbairro                 mClienteModel.setcidadeitem.optStringcidade                 mClienteModel.setestadoitem.optStringestado                 mClienteModel.setinformacaoadicionalinformacaoadicional                   adicionar o objeto mClienteModel no array de Clientes arrayClientes                  this.arrayClientes.addmClienteModel                        catch Exception e              e.printStackTrace                  codepre  pAnd this is the ClientsModelp  precodepublic class ClienteModel       private int id     private int idrm     private String nome     private String tipo     private String endereco     private String numero     private String complemento     private String cep     private String bairro     private String cidade     private String estado     private String informacaoadicional      public ClienteModel       public ClienteModelString nome, String tipo, String endereco, String numero, String complemento, String cep, String bairro, String cidade, String estado, String informacaoadicional          this.nome  nome         this.tipo  tipo         this.endereco  endereco         this.numero  numero         this.complemento  complemento         this.cep  cep         this.bairro  bairro         this.cidade  cidade         this.estado  estado         this.informacaoadicional  informacaoadicional           public ClienteModelint idrm, String nome, String tipo, String endereco, String numero, String complemento, String cep, String bairro, String cidade, String estado, String informacaoadicional          this.idrm  idrm         this.nome  nome         this.tipo  tipo         this.endereco  endereco         this.numero  numero         this.complemento  complemento         this.cep  cep         this.bairro  bairro         this.cidade  cidade         this.estado  estado         this.informacaoadicional  informacaoadicional           public ClienteModelint id, int idrm, String nome, String tipo, String endereco, String numero, String complemento, String cep, String bairro, String cidade, String estado, String informacaoadicional          this.id  id         this.idrm  idrm         this.nome  nome         this.tipo  tipo         this.endereco  endereco         this.numero  numero         this.complemento  complemento         this.cep  cep         this.bairro  bairro         this.cidade  cidade         this.estado  estado         this.informacaoadicional  informacaoadicional           public int getid          return id           public void setidint id          this.id  id           public int getidrm          return idrm           public void setidrmint idrm          this.idrm  idrm           public String getnome          return nome           public void setnomeString nome          this.nome  nome           public String gettipo          return tipo           public void settipoString tipo          this.tipo  tipo           public String getendereco          return endereco           public void setenderecoString endereco          this.endereco  endereco           public String getnumero          return numero           public void setnumeroString numero          this.numero  numero           public String getcomplemento          return complemento           public void setcomplementoString complemento          this.complemento  complemento           public String getcep          return cep           public void setcepString cep          this.cep  cep           public String getbairro          return bairro           public void setbairroString bairro          this.bairro  bairro           public String getcidade          return cidade           public void setcidadeString cidade          this.cidade  cidade           public String getestado          return estado           public void setestadoString estado          this.estado  estado           public String getinformacaoadicional          return informacaoadicional           public void setinformacaoadicionalString informacaoadicional          this.informacaoadicional  informacaoadicional           Override     public String toString          return ClienteModel                  id  id                  , idrm  idrm                  , nome  nome                    , tipo  tipo                    , endereco  endereco                    , numero  numero                    , complemento  complemento                    , cep  cep                    , bairro  bairro                    , cidade  cidade                    , estado  estado                    , informacaoadicional  informacaoadicional                           codepre
Negative 387 pI want to import my html file with css styling not necessarily inline and jquery script etc. So far I have tried jEditorPane and called setPageurl function for this. But it only displays plain HTML file without any styling or scripting. Kindly suggest some solution considering that I am using Netbeans 8.0.p
Negative 387 pOkay this seems to be really trivial but Im not able to figure this out. I need to do a basic percentage calculation. This is my codep  precodecorr  205 score   100  corr  225  print score  codepre  pBut the result is code0code. How come There arent a whole of different ways to write this, but I did shuffle this around and tried adding codeintcodes and codefloatcodes, but the results was always code0code.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to create an application that shows the online trains in codepictureboxcode.p  pbut my application spends a lot of memory and sometimes i got the codeOut of memory exceptioncode and sometimes my trains codeDisappearscode from the codepictureboxcode. To draw online train first time i draw the map of trains lines ,stations ,...  on codepictureboxcode with size codexAcode and codeybcode after that i create another codepictureboxcode with the same size and put the second codepictureboxcode on first codepictureboxcode using this codep  precode    pictureBoxonlineTrain.Parent  pictureBoxMetroMap  In every second the below function is executed          public void DrawOnlineTrain                              Bitmap mapnull                 if OnlineTrainList.Count gt 0                                      map  new BitmappictureBoxonlineTrain.Size.Width, pictureBoxonlineTrain.Size.Height                      var graph  Graphics.FromImagemap                      foreach TimeTable t in OnlineTrainList.ToList                                              graph.Dispose                         Rectangle rectTrainState  new Rectanglet.XTrainLocation.Value  3,                                                                  t.YTrainLocation.Value  3,                                                                  15, 15                         graph.FillRectangleRedBrush, rectTrainState                         graph.DrawStringt.TrainId.ToString, pictureBoxonlineTrain.Font, Brushes.White, t.XTrainLocation.Value  3, t.YTrainLocation.Value 3                                                        pictureBoxonlineTrain.Image  map                 pictureBoxonlineTrain.Image.SaveCRailwayShirazShirazMetroShirazRailWayWebImagesTrain.jpg               codepre  pAnd i think it is the reason of my memory exception  because every time i create a codebitmapcode  and codegraphiccode object .My question is how can i change this code as the objects dispose in every loop p
Negative 387 pIm trying to make an ANE that can dispatch an event to AIR on a service call. I have no errors when creating the service, but my broadcast doesnt seem to be called. Here is my AlarmCreation I have remove unnecessary codep  precode public FREObject callFREContext context, FREObject[] args           FREObject pData  args[0]          myUserData  new AlarmInterfaceUserData         myUserData.setContextcontext          myUserData.setsHeurepData.getPropertyheures.getAsString         myUserData.setsDatepData.getPropertyjours.getAsString         myUserData.setbRepeatpData.getPropertyrepeat.getAsBool           String[] sHeures  myUserData.getsHeure.split         String[] sDates  myUserData.getsDate.split         Boolean bRepeat  myUserData.isbRepeat          String sTemp1  null          Context myAppContext  context.getActivity.getApplicationContext          Intent myIntent  new Intentcom.atnetplanet.alarmInterface.BroadcastReceiver         myIntent.addFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYSINGLETOP         myIntent.putExtrarepeatWhenTime, false          forString sDay  sDates             int iDay             ifsDay  SUNDAY iDay  1             else ifsDay  MONDAY iDay  2             else ifsDay  TUESDAY iDay  3             else ifsDay  WEDNESDAY iDay  4             else ifsDay  THURSDAY iDay  5             else ifsDay  FRIDAY iDay  6             else iDay  7              String sTemp2  Long.toStringSystem.currentTimeMillis             sTemp2  sTemp2.substringsTemp2.length10, sTemp2.length              Integer nCodeAlarm  123456             myIntent.putExtraid, nCodeAlarm              PendingIntent myAlarmIntent  PendingIntent.getBroadcastmyAppContext, nCodeAlarm, myIntent, 0              AlarmManager myAlarmManager  AlarmManagercontext.getActivity.getSystemServiceALARMSERVICE             Calendar myCalendar  Calendar.getInstance             myCalendar.setCalendar.DAYOFWEEK, iDay             myCalendar.setCalendar.HOUROFDAY, Integer.parseIntsHeures[0]             myCalendar.setCalendar.MINUTE, Integer.parseIntsHeures[1]             myCalendar.setCalendar.SECOND, 0             myCalendar.setCalendar.MILLISECOND, 0              ifbRepeat  true                 myAlarmManager.setRepeatingAlarmManager.RTCWAKEUP, myCalendar.getTimeInMillis, AlarmManager.INTERVALDAY, myAlarmIntent              else                 myAlarmManager.setAlarmManager.RTCWAKEUP, myCalendar.getTimeInMillis, myAlarmIntent                            ifsTemp1  null                 sTemp1  Integer.toStringnCodeAlarm             else                 sTemp1  sTemp1Integer.toStringnCodeAlarm                      FREObject mesAlarm  null         try              mesAlarm  FREObject.newObjectsTemp1          catch FREWrongThreadException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace                   return mesAlarm       codepre  pMy Broadcast receiver is, for now really simplep  precode public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent          Toast.makeTextcontext, On recupere une alarme, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show           myUserData  AlarmInterfaceUserData.getInstance         myUserData.getContext.dispatchStatusEventAsyncDATACHANGED, Faut se reveiller       codepre  pand at last my manifestp  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid       androidversionCode1       androidversionName1.0 packagecom.atnetplanetgt      ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNETgt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.VIBRATE gt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WAKELOCK gt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.RECEIVEBOOTCOMPLETEDgt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.DISABLEKEYGUARDgt      ltapplication androidicondrawableicon androidlabelstringappname androiddebuggabletruegt         ltactivity             androidnamecom.atnetplanet.alarminterface.AlarmInterfaceCreateAlarmFunction             androidlabelstringappname gt             ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt                 ltltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.SETALARMgt                 ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gtgt             ltintentfiltergt         ltactivitygt          ltactivity androidnamecom.atnetplanet.alarminterface.AlarmInterfaceDispatchAlarm             androidscreenOrientationportraitgt         ltactivitygt          ltreceiver              androidnamecom.atnetplanet.alarminterface.AlarmInterfaceBroadcastReceiver              androidenabledtrue androidexportedtrue androidprocessremotegt             ltintentfilter gt                 ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.BOOTCOMPLETEDgt             ltintentfiltergt         ltreceivergt         ltservice androidenabledtrue androidexportedtrue androidnamecom.atnetplanet.alarminterface.AlarmInterfaceDispatchAlarm gt     ltapplicationgt ltmanifestgt codepre  pIf someone could give me some intels Ill be really helpful.p  pThank you.p
Negative 387 pemNB the question is about serverside web MVCemp  pIn an MVVMC design, each View accesses its ViewModel. The ViewModel acts like a kind of bridge for a Model and also contains the state of the View.p  pI can easily understands this with a simple example, like a view listing users you would have a UserView which uses a UserViewModel which in turns is an abstraction of a UserModel for the view.p  pNow imagine a web page that displays information about the users, the products, and the orders, all on the same page. And also a string summarizing the number of elements 24 users, 8 products, 210 orders.p  pHow, in the above case, can the ViewModel only stick to one Model assuming you have UserModel, ProductModel, OrderModel as the view needs to display information about all three models p  pstrongemShould a ViewModel include multiple Models and have a 1n link between ViewModel and Modelbremstrong strongemShould a ViewModel include other ViewModels and keep a 11 link between ViewModel and Modelbremstrongp  pIt seems that framweorks like e.g. ZF2 php nest viewmodels into a main viewmodel a hrefhttpframework.zend.commanual2.0enmoduleszend.view.quickstart.htmlzendviewquickstartusagenesting relnofollowhttpframework.zend.commanual2.0enmoduleszend.view.quickstart.htmlzendviewquickstartusagenestingap  pPS this question is about serverside web MVC as opposed to javascript clientside MVC and not specific to any programming language although I am using PHP, so anything c related like bindings, wpf or other .net components will be hard to grasp.p
Negative 387 pi am trying to build web service to download an image from aws s3 using jersey 1.18p  pi have S3ObjectInputStream with the file.p  pi need FAST way to retrive the image, my way is very slow 5 seconds what is the right way to do thatp  phere is my codep  precodeimport java.io.InputStream import javax.ws.rs.GET import javax.ws.rs.POST import javax.ws.rs.Path import javax.ws.rs.Produces import javax.ws.rs.QueryParam import javax.ws.rs.core.MediaType import javax.ws.rs.core.Response import javax.ws.rs.core.Response.ResponseBuilder  Pathgetfile public class Temp3       GET     Producesimage     public Response getFile throws IOException           System.out.printlnin getfile         awsBL bl  new awsBL         S3Object object  bl.getFilegps.png         System.out.printlnmetanobject.getObjectMetadata         InputStream objectContent  object.getObjectContent           InputStream reader  new BufferedInputStreamobjectContent         File file  new FilelocalFilename               OutputStream writer  new BufferedOutputStreamnew FileOutputStreamfile          int read  1          while   read  reader.read   1               writer.writeread                   writer.flush         writer.close         reader.close         String filename  object.getKey         ResponseBuilder response  Response.okfile         response.headerContentDisposition,             attachment filenamefilename         return response.build         codepre
Negative 387 pIm  working with UiAutomator, but I unable to extend my class with UIAutomatorTestCase, Also I had added the jar files ie UIAutomator jar files and JUnit3 lib. Im getting error in this class And also i want to knw how to build the testcases for that application plus How can I run the test cases from my application programmatically if no then how i can run these test cases.p  precode  package com.example.test  import junit.framework.TestCase  public class UiAutomatorTestCase extends TestCase       private static final String DISABLEIME  disableime     private static final String DUMMYIMEPACKAGE  com.android.testing.dummyime     private UiDevice mUiDevice     private Bundle mParams     private IAutomationSupport mAutomationSupport     private boolean mShouldDisableIme  false      Override     protected void setUp throws Exception          super.setUp         mShouldDisableIme  true.equalsmParams.getStringDISABLEIME         if mShouldDisableIme              setDummyIme                    Override     protected void tearDown throws Exception          if mShouldDisableIme              restoreActiveIme                  super.tearDown                  Get current instance of link UiDevice. Works similar to calling the static link UiDevicegetInstance from anywhere in the test classes.           public UiDevice getUiDevice          return mUiDevice                  Get command line parameters. On the command line when passing ltcodegte key valueltcodegt pairs, the link Bundle will have the key value pairs conveniently available to the       tests.           public Bundle getParams          return mParams                  Provides support for running tests to report interim status              return           public IAutomationSupport getAutomationSupport          return mAutomationSupport                  package private              param uiDevice           void setUiDeviceUiDevice uiDevice          mUiDevice  uiDevice                  package private              param params           void setParamsBundle params          mParams  params           void setAutomationSupportIAutomationSupport automationSupport          mAutomationSupport  automationSupport                  Calls link SystemClocksleeplong to sleep              param ms                  is in milliseconds.           public void sleeplong ms          SystemClock.sleepms           protected void setDummyIme throws RemoteException          IInputMethodManager im  IInputMethodManager.Stub.asInterfaceServiceManager.getServiceContext.INPUTMETHODSERVICE         ListltInputMethodInfogt infos  im.getInputMethodList         String id  null         for InputMethodInfo info  infos              if DUMMYIMEPACKAGE.equalsinfo.getComponent.getPackageName                  id  info.getId                               if id  null              throw new RuntimeExceptionString.formatRequired testing fixture missing IME package s, DUMMYIMEPACKAGE                  im.setInputMethodnull, id           protected void restoreActiveIme throws RemoteException           TODO figure out a way to restore active IME          Currently retrieving active IME requires querying secure settings provider, which is hard          to do without a Context so the caveat here is that to make the post test device usable,          the active IME needs to be manually switched.       codepre  pFollowing class is to test the calculator. But I dont knw how to use it.. Heres the a hrefhttpuniversity.utest.comandroiduitestinguiautomatorvieweranduiautomator relnofollowlinkap  precodepackage com.example.test  import com.android.uiautomator.core.UiObject import com.android.uiautomator.core.UiObjectNotFoundException import com.android.uiautomator.core.UiScrollable import com.android.uiautomator.core.UiSelector import com.android.uiautomator.testrunner.UiAutomatorTestCase  public class DemoCalTest extends UiAutomatorTestCase      public void testingCalculator throws UiObjectNotFoundException            First we testing the press of the HOME button.          getUiDevice.pressHome           using the uiautomatorviewer tool we found that the button for the applications has          the value Apps screen9           so we use this property to create a UiSelector to find the button.           UiObject Applications  new UiObjectnew UiSelector.descriptionApps           testing the click to bring up the All Apps screen.          Applications.clickAndWaitForNewWindow           In the All Apps screen, the Calculator application is located in            the Apps tab. So, we create a UiSelector to find a tab with the text            label Apps.          UiObject apps  new UiObjectnew UiSelector.textApps           and then testing the click to this tab in order to enter the Apps tab.          apps.click           All the applications are in a scrollable list            so first we need to get a reference to that list          UiScrollable ListOfapplications  new UiScrollablenew UiSelector.scrollabletrue           and then trying to find the application               with the name Calculator          UiObject Calculator  ListOfapplications.getChildByTextnew UiSelector.classNameandroid.widget.TextView.class.getName, Calculator          Calculator.clickAndWaitForNewWindow           now the Calculator app is open           so we can test the press of button 7 using the ID com.android.calculator2iddigit7          we found by using uiautomatorviewer          UiObject seven  new UiObjectnew UiSelector.resourceIdcom.android.calculator2iddigit7          seven.click           now we test the press of button           UiObject plus  new UiObjectnew UiSelector.resourceIdcom.android.calculator2idplus          plus.click           and then the press of button 1          UiObject one  new UiObjectnew UiSelector.resourceIdcom.android.calculator2iddigit1          one.click           we test the press of button           UiObject result  new UiObjectnew UiSelector.resourceIdcom.android.calculator2idequal          result.click          and finally we test the press of Back button          getUiDevice.pressBack        codepre  pI googled alot but could find any explanation about it.  Can any one help me out. I am new to it Thanksp
Negative 387 pI need to convert the return value of this function from the AddressBook frameworkp  precodeABRecordCopyValuenil, kABPersonPhoneProperty codepre  pto a value of type ABMultiValueRefp  pThis function is currently marked as thisp  precodefunc ABRecordCopyValuerecord ABRecordRef, property ABPropertyID gt UnmanagedltAnyObjectgt codepre  pSo I can convert it to Unmanaged like sop  precodeABRecordCopyValueperson, kABPersonPhoneProperty as UnmanagedltABMultiValueRefgt codepre  pBut then how can I get it as an ABMultiValueRef so that I can pass it to this functionp  precodefunc ABMultiValueGetIndexForIdentifiermultiValue ABMultiValueRef, identifier ABMultiValueIdentifier gt CFIndex codepre  pI did thisp  precodelet managedPhones  Unmanaged.fromOpaquephones.toOpaque.takeUnretainedValue as ABMultiValueRef codepre  pAnd I keep getting this compiler errorp  precodeBitcast requires both operands to be pointer or neither 89  bitcast objcobject 88 to PSs9AnyObject, dbg 325 LLVM ERROR Broken function found, compilation aborted Command ApplicationsXcode6Beta3.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinswift failed with exit code 1 codepre
Negative 387 pI am currently utilizing the Microsoft WebMatrix IDE to develop a website that will display information from a database. The issue that I am trying to address is how to create a drop down that will pull data from a database and display it as individual items in the list. For example it will have one drop down showing the unique buildings in the database and another showing the unique rooms in each building. I found the method for doing this in the MVC, but it is not applicable in WebMatrix.p
Negative 387 pI have the following Queryp  precode   SELECT DISTINCT t.productid as Prodid,    EXTRACTweek from t.dt as WEEK,    COUNTpv.productid as PageViews,    COUNTt.productid as orders,     COUNTt.productidCOUNTDISTINCTpv.loadid as Conversion,    AVGt.price avgprice,    MAXpv.numreviews maxnumreviews,    MINpv.numreviews minnumreviews,    AVGpv.numreviews avgnumreviews,    COUNT DISTINCT pv.bvsid  sessions    FROM PageView pv LEFT OUTER JOIN Transaction t ON t.productid  pv.productid     AND t.dt BETWEEN 20140606 AND 20140618 AND  lowert.currency  usd OR lowert.country IN us, usa, united states     WHERE pv.dt BETWEEN 20140606 AND 20140618    AND pv.client abc AND lowerpv.type  product    GROUP BY WEEK, Prodid    ORDER BY WEEK asc codepre  pWhich gives the values for PageViews and Orders as same, basically taking only the common productids. I want the correct values of Pageviews and Orders and would really appreciate some help on this.p
Negative 387 pRecently, I used django, uwsgi and nginx to build a simple website, and I found that uwsgi process would do the request twice in the configure of nginx[nginx.conf] upstream directive.Here is the my nginx.confp  pp  precodeuser  root  workerprocesses  5   errorlog  logserror.log  error pid  logssshnginx.pid  events      use epoll     workerconnections  40480     acceptmutex off    http      uwsgiconnecttimeout 15     uwsgisendtimeout 8     uwsgireadtimeout 8      upstream mysitestream          server unixvarruntest.socket         server 127.0.0.19002 backup           server          listen 80         servername www.mysite.cn          location               include uwsgiparams             uwsgipass mysitestream                codepre  pp  pIf the request timeout in the test.socket after 8 seconds, then the request will pass to the  backup stream.I just wanted nginx to response timeout 504 to the browser and do not want it to do the request twice.could anybody help me p
Negative 387 pI am new to window services. I have one that does certain things to either a postgresql or a Sql compact database. Each one is extremely similarbecause its a service it has OnStart and OnStop... to the other except for a few methods.p  precode    protected override void OnStartstring[] args              normal code for database, in both services, but cant call from Interface            private void SetUniqueTimer             unique to certain database           private void SetUniqueTimer2            unique to other database       codepre  pI was wondering for future code reusability if I could add an interface for different types of databases. Ive combined the code from both into one service and depending on which database I need to communicate with in the future I can just add an interface and call the appropriate methods Also because OnStart and OnStop are protected I cant call them, will they never start or stop If I need to clarify please let me know. The main point Im trying to do is make the service reusable for future use, and easy maintainability  Also if this is completely wrong direction to take please suggest better more efficient wayp
Negative 387 pIn the application layout I am pointing to assets js, css and img in publicassets... directory. Exp  precodeltlink hrefassetsimagesmetaiconsappletouchicon144x144.png relappletouchiconprecomposed sizes144x144gt ltscript srcassetsjavascriptspluginsmodernizrmodernizr.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt codepre  pBut when the page localhostquotesshow is loaded it is looking for the assets at quotesassets... and not assets... By the way when the page localhostquotes is loaded, the assets are loaded perfectly and is checking in the assets... directory and not the quotesassets... onep  pHow can I solve this issue Thanksp
Negative 387 pdoes anybody know if there is a simple option or switch  to modify XML Files directly using the Command Line interface of the zorba java implementation.p  pIn Saxon EE there is a updateon parameter,  in BaseX declare option dbwriteback true turns the immediate update facility on. p  pI spend a lot time searching to get information  about writing directly to the files.p  pThe only reason I stick to zorba is the scripting facility and the documentation of the functions and extension that make it more productive.p  pKind regards,p  pJoshp
Negative 387 pi got date like this in a csv file strongSun Sep 02 050000 UTC 2012strong. How do i convert this string in yyyymmdd format in sql server to get output like this strong20120902strong.p
Negative 387 pI believe the following function definition is tailrecursivep  precodefun issorted []  true    issorted [x]  true    issorted xyxs      if x gt y        then false        else issorted yxs codepre  pTrivially, its equivalent to the following declarationp  precodefun issorted []  true    issorted [x]  true    issorted xyxs       x lt y andalso issorted yxs codepre  pYet in this version the last step is to apply the andalso, so its not tailrecursive. Or it would seem so, except that since at least Standard ML of NJ uses shortcircuit evaluation, the andalso is in fact not the last step. So would this function have tailcall optimization  Or there any other interesting instances where an ML function that does not obviously use tailrecursion in fact gets optimizedp
Negative 387 pon linux can I show a processs detail including what commandscript started it, etc top is show all processes and I wish to get more information on a process using its idp
Negative 387 pLikely a silly question and I am over looking something absurdp  pI have two physical swift files in the same project The first file is called DataManagerBase.swiftp  precodeimport Foundation  class DataManagerBase      let baseUrlNSString  holder      init              Do Work           func DoWok             codepre  pThe second file is UserManager.swiftp  precodeimport Foundation  class UserManagerDataManagerBase      func DoesUserHaveAccessuserReq  UserRequest gt Bool              return true        codepre  pHowever xcode throws an error saying Use of undeclared type DataManagerp
Negative 387 pI have 2 databases AccessControls amp User. p  pAccessControl table has this fields ACid, Userid, AccessControls. p  pUser table has this fields Userid, Username, UserType. p  pWhat I wanted to achieve is   strongPrinting out users that has a UserType  1 in user table and Userid which does not exist in AccessControl table.strong p  pThe results will be stored in a table in my view.blade.php p  pIn the meantime, I managed to get the 1st part, which is users with UserType  1. However, I have no idea on how I could get the 2nd part, which is to check if the Userid exists in AccessControl table. p  pInside my controller p  precodeuser  UserEntrywhereUserType, , 1gtget codepre  pI have a rough idea that the query should be something like p  blockquote   pSelect statement Where user.Userid  AccessControl.Useridp blockquote  pAny ideas on how I could achieve both parts in a single query p
Negative 387 pI use matlab without GUI, I wonder how I can run part of the matlab codes in terminal. I can run part of the codes in the default matlab editor.p  preference p  ul limatlabemacsli lia hrefhttpwww.mathworks.comhelpmatlabmatlabprogrunsectionsofprograms.html relnofollowhttpwww.mathworks.comhelpmatlabmatlabprogrunsectionsofprograms.htmlali ul
Negative 387 pIm trying to pass an image shown in my UITableView over to my detail UITableView. The images in my tableview are being pulled from a JSON end point. Any idea how I can go about this At the moment, this is the line crashing my app p  pstrongfeatureImage.image  [[articleDetail objectForKeyImage] objectForKeyfilename]strongp  pAny idea how I can do this properly See code below.p  pstrongTableViewController.mstrong p  precode    voidtableViewUITableView tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath       FullArticleViewController detailViewController  [[FullArticleViewController alloc]                                                         initWithNibNameFullArticleViewController bundlenil]     detailViewController.title  [[Doctors objectAtIndexindexPath.row] objectForKeynodetitle]     detailViewController.articleDetail  [Doctors objectAtIndexindexPath.row]      [detailViewController.featureImage sdsetImageWithURL[NSURL URLWithStringcellImageLink]]      [self.navigationController pushViewControllerdetailViewController animatedYES]   codepre  pstrongDetailViewController.hstrongp  precode      IBOutlet UIScrollView scroller     IBOutlet UILabel firstnameLabel     IBOutlet UILabel descriptionLabel     IBOutlet UILabel bodyLabel     IBOutlet UIImageView featureImage    property nonatomic, copy NSDictionary articleDetail property strong, nonatomic UIImageView featureImage property strong, nonatomic NSString cellImageLink codepre  pstrongDetailViewController.mstrongp  precode voidviewDidLoad       [scroller setScrollEnabledYES]     [scroller setContentSizeCGSizeMake320, 5000]      [super viewDidLoad]      Do any additional setup after loading the view from its nib.    firstnameLabel.text  [articleDetail objectForKeynodetitle] descriptionLabel.text  [articleDetail objectForKeyOpening Paragraph] bodyLabel.text  [articleDetail objectForKeyBody] featureImage.image  [articleDetail sdsetImageWithURL[NSURL URLWithStringcellImageLink]]   codepre
Negative 387 pIn a .js file I have, I am adding an image this is for the image to go with select2.p  pMy webapp is at codemyserverappsmemyappcode.p  pMy image is at codemyserverappsmemyappContentimage.pngcode.p  pcodemyappcode is the name of the folder my application lives in and I dont want to have to hard code it into my code.p  pIve tried the following sourcesp  ul licodeContentimage.pngcode  codemyserverappsmeContentimage.pngcode html doesnt recognize  as meaning anything it seems.li licode.Contentimage.pngcode  codemyserverappsmeContentimage.pngcodeli licodeContentimage.pngcode  codemyserverContentimage.pngcodeli licode..Contentimage.pngcode  codemyserverappsContentimage.pngcodeli licodeContentimage.pngcode  codemyserverappsmeContentimage.pngcodeli ul  pIt really seems like Ill have to hard code the app name or get it in my layout while on the server side, store it into a javascript variable, and then use that variable to get the correct path.p  pIs there anything I can put in the src to get the actual path I need without having to hardcode or server side lookup codemyappcode  Or is there possibly a setup issue on IIS with my webapp causing thisp  pServer is IIS 7 I think If that matters.p
Negative 387 pMy query result with offset  0 and limit  10 is exactly one row.p  pWhen I use offset  1 there should be no result.p  pBut with a query like p  precodequery  YiiappgtdbgtcreateCommand criteria  new CDbCriteria criteriagtaddConditionf.deleted  0 AND b.version  f.version criteriagtparams  []  if idUserAnswerer      querygtleftJoinbar AS b, b.idF  f.id     criteriagtaddConditionf.idUserOwner  idUserOwner     criteriagtparams[idUserOwner]  idUserOwner   querygtselect     gtfromfoo AS f     gtwherecriteriagtcondition     gtbindValuescriteriagtparams  querygtorderFIELDt.type,      . XXTYPEIDA . ,  . XXTYPEIDB . ,      . XXTYPEIDC . , b.createdtime, b.votes DESC  data  querygtlimit10, 2gtqueryAll codepre  pHint I have to use codecriteriacode, because I have to use a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions24805247howtopreventmysqlinjectionwhenusingmysqlinclausewithoutactiverecordiinConditiona at some pointp  pI still get this one row. But normally when I do this query directly in my db I should not get a result.p  pAny ideas why Yii spits out this one rowp
Negative 387 pWegroup of 5 have taken up above mentioned project for our present semester. We have an overview of how a search engine works..and we started off by learning building a web crawler using JAVA language. I wanted to know what could be the technologies programming languages that i would require in the course of building this project.p  ol liAre there any already available APIs or packages that i cud use instead of hard coding every single stuff.Like there is one LUCENE packagebuilt on java that provides efficient text search algorithms which we could use i guess.li liWhat would be the most suitable programming language to work with, javapythonc or any otherli ol
Negative 387 pSorry that I havent made the title very clear but I honestly cant work out how to phrase my question any better if some one can think of a better title, then please by all means change it.p  pTake a look at the following examplep  precodemodule Foo   def methodvalue     Bar.instanceexecself.methodvalue   end    class Bar      def self.methodvalue       print value     end    end end codepre  pIs that the only way to make is so  codeBarcodes codemethodcode is available within the namespace of codeFoocode without the need to call codeBarcode or is there a more elegant way to do this Perhaps methodmissing might work but again, a bit cumbersome.p  pEDIT Further examplep  precodeModule Foo   class SomeClassController lt ApplicationController     def index     methoduser.id instead of Bar.methoduser.id   end  end codepre  pIm building an engine but I dont want to have to refer to codeEnginecode every time I want to use a method from it that should be available everywhere within that Main Name Space codeFoocode in this instance AS there more like utility methods BUT they need to be done within the scope of codeEnginecode.p  pEDIT Turns out I wasnt using the code correctlyp  precodemodule Foo   def methodvalue     return Bar.instanceexecvalue  v return self.methodvalue   end    class Bar      def self.methodvalue       return value  59     end    end end codepre  pwill the method inside of the block of codeinstanceexeccode return outside of it so that codedef methodcode within codemodule Foocode will return the correct value.p  pEDIT I realise it is kind of vague but trust me when I say that codeinstanceexeccode is exactly what I was searching for, that and codeinstanceexeccode does in deed return outside of its execution block. p
Negative 387 pIm using moment.js in a Polymer filter, and all is wonderful in Chrome. And, then, theres Firefox. This codep  precodeltlink relimport hrefbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.htmlgt ltpolymerelement nametimeago attributesisostring prependgt     lttemplategt         ltspan idtimeagogtprepend  isostring  timeago ltspangt     lttemplategt      ltscript srcbowercomponentstimeagomoment.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscriptgt         Polymertimeago,              ready function               ,             timeago function                 return momentarguments[0], moment.ISO8601.fromNow                           ltscriptgt ltpolymerelementgt codepre  pCreates this responsep  precodeException caught during observer callback .timeagodatatextjavascriptbase64,CgkJUG9seW1lcigndGltZS1hZ28nLCB7CgkJCXJlYWR5OiBmdW5jdGlvbigpIHsKCQkJCQoJCQl9LAoJCQl0aW1lYWdvOiBmdW5jdGlvbigpewoJCQkJcmV0dXJuIG1vbWVudChhcmd1bWVudHNbMF0sIG1vbWVudC5JU09fODYwMSkuZnJvbU5vdygpOwoJCQl9CgkJfSk7CgkKLy8jIHNvdXJjZVVSTD1odHRwOi8vc3Vuc3BvdC5sb2NhbC9ib3dlcl9jb21wb25lbnRzL3RpbWUtYWdvL2luZGV4Lmh0bWwvdGltZS1hZ28uanMK75 g.prototype.transformhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.js121699 l.prototype.getValuehttpsunspot.localbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.js124483 l.prototype.getBindinghttpsunspot.localbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.js124279 blthttpsunspot.localbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.js1130452 vhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1615082 whttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1615304 Ahttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1616251 Ahttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1616142 .createInstancehttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1620171 c.instanceTemplatehttpsunspot.localbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.js1214121 d.shadowFromTemplatehttpsunspot.localbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.js1217324 d.parseDeclarationhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.js1217137 d.parseDeclarationshttpsunspot.localbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.js1217028 d.makeElementReadyhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.js1216292 d.createdCallbackhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.js1215805 khttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js161615 hhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js161213 shttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js162616 hhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1528868 ehttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1528571 ghttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1528671 CustomElements[a]httpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js165579 Document.prototype.importNodehttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1626689 Ahttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1616069 Ahttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1616142 .createInstancehttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1620171 E.prototype.handleSpliceshttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1624923 E.prototype.valueChangedhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1623131 E.prototype.updateIteratedValuehttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1622883 ObserverTransform.prototype.observedCallbackhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1218460 Observer.prototype.reporthttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1212599 CompoundObserver.prototypelt.checkhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1218135 global.Platform.performMicrotaskCheckpointhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1213514 blthttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1626113 chttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1510963 chttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1226120 bhttpsunspot.localbowercomponentsplatformplatform.js1225652  codepre  pAre there any known conflicts between moment.js and Polymer Again, on Chrome its flawless. Only Firefox 31.0 is causing the problem.p  pUPDATE New codep  precodeltlink relimport hrefbowercomponentspolymerpolymer.htmlgt ltlink relimport hrefbowercomponentstimeagomomentjs.htmlgt ltpolymerelement nametimeago attributesisostring prependgt     lttemplategt         ltspan idtimeagogtprepend  isostring  timeago ltspangt     lttemplategt      ltscriptgt         Polymertimeago,              ready function               ,             timeago function                 return momentarguments[0], moment.ISO8601.fromNow                           ltscriptgt ltpolymerelementgt codepre
Negative 387 pIs it possible for a selfhosted OWIN Web API to run under a nonadministrator account  I have already tried dozens of url reservations and nothing works.  The service fails to start with Access is denied. It works when the account is added to the administrator role but I dont want that.  Code below is running on Win 7 framework 4.5.2.  p  precodeinstallpackage microsoft.owin.hosting installpackage Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener  StartOptions options  new StartOptions options.Urls.Addhttplocalhost5000 options.Urls.Addstring.Formathttp05000, Environment.MachineName options.Urls.Addhttp5000 options.Urls.Addhttp5000  using WebApp.StartltWebAPISelfHostMinimal.Startupgtoptions      while Terminate              await Task.Delay10 keep cpu from getting pegged           LogUtil.LogInfoTerminating owin host.  codepre  pstrongEDITstrong  this is running under a Windows account.p  precodeCgtnetsh http add urlacl http5000 usermini2012svcAPI  URL reservation successfully added  Cgtsc start apiservice [SC] StartService FAILED 5  Access is denied.  Cgtnetsh http add urlacl http5000 usermini2012svcAPI  URL reservation successfully added  Cgtsc start apiservice [SC] StartService FAILED 5  Access is denied.  Cgtnetsh http add urlacl httplocalhost5000 usermini2012svcAPI  URL reservation successfully added  Cgtsc start apiservice [SC] StartService FAILED 5  Access is denied. codepre
Negative 387 pIm beginning to think that IOS does not trigger an event when it inserts text from speech recognition into an html input. Ive tried listening for change, keyup, keydown, blur, focus, pastep  pAnyone know the secretp
Negative 387 pI have a UIViewController, which Ill refer to as codeparentViewControllercode which is itself inside a tab view controller, but I dont think thats relevant to this problem.p  pIm trying to make this UIViewController display two child views in a split screen setup. One of the child views is controlled by a custom subclass of a codeUITableViewControllercode call it codetvccode. The other child view is controlled by a custom UIViewController, call it codedvccode.p  pIn the codeinitcode method of the codeparentViewControllercode, I instantiate both child view controllers, codetvccode and codedvccode. p  pIn the codeviewDidLoadcode method of the codeparentViewControllercode, I add the child view controllers and child views. p  pIf I add emonlyem the codetvccode child, it works fine the table view takes up all available space, rotates properly, etc. This is what the code looks likep  precode voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]      Do any additional setup after loading the view.      tvc.view.translatesAutoresizingMaskIntoConstraints  NO     [self addChildViewControllertvc]     [self.view addSubviewtvc.view]      NSDictionary viewDictionary   tvc tvc.view      NSArray constraints  [NSLayoutConstraint constraintsWithVisualFormat[tvc] options0 metricsnil viewsviewDictionary]      [self.view addConstraintsconstraints]  codepre  pHowever, if I then add the codedvccode controller and subview, it stops working properly. The table view does not display, only a blank white view. Heres how it looks when I add the codedvccodep  precode voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]      Do any additional setup after loading the view.      tvc.view.translatesAutoresizingMaskIntoConstraints  NO     [self addChildViewControllertvc]     [self.view addSubviewtvc.view]      dvc.view.translatesAutoresizingMaskIntoConstraints  NO     [self addChildViewControllerdvc]     [self.view addSubviewdvc.view]      NSDictionary viewDictionary   tvc tvc.view, dvc dvc.view      NSArray constraints  [NSLayoutConstraint constraintsWithVisualFormat[tvc][dvc] options0 metricsnil viewsviewDictionary]      [self.view addConstraintsconstraints]  codepre  pIm not initializing the codetvccode with a frame, but simply letting the superclass codeUITableViewControllercode handle that. In the codedvccode codeloadViewcode method, Im instantiating my custom UIView with a codeCGRectZerocode frame, since I assumed that the autolayout constraints would properly set the size. p  pWhat am I doing wrong that I cant show both child views sidebysidep
Negative 387 pI have 2 models.p  pUserp  precodeclass User extends Eloquent implements UserInterface, RemindableInterface       protected table  users      public function group                return thisgtbelongsToGroup       codepre  pAnd Groupp  precodeclass Group extends Eloquent      protected table  groups  codepre  pThe user table has a foreign key on the codegroupcode column which references the codeidcode on the group table.p  pSchema may helpp  precodeSchematableusers, function table       tablegtforeigngroup         gtreferencesid         gtongroups         gtonDeletecascade   codepre  pWhen I try to get the group of a user usingp  pcodeUserfind1gtgroupgtnamecodep  pI get the errorp  pcodeUndefined property IlluminateDatabaseEloquentRelationsBelongsTonamecodep  pGroup Schema as requestedp  precodeSchemacreategroups, function table       tablegtincrementsid     tablegtstringname     tablegtintegerpermission   codepre  pHere are some screensp  pstrongusersstrong tablep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.coms0T9U.png altenter image description herep  pstronggroupsstrong tablep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comKeR0O.png altenter image description herep  pAnd the strongusersstrong table FKp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comMejSH.png altenter image description herep  pstrongEDITstrongp  pCryode solved it for me in a chat session. The problem was that I had conflicting names. The model method used the same name as the column name codegroupcode. Simply changing the column name in the database solved the issue.p
Negative 387 pI have a simple little Sprite Kit game for iOS. I am trying to get my UIView which contains main menu buttonstitle to appear above the SKView where some nice moving animations are happening. This is not for game play, that is on a separate view.p  pI have setup a UIView which has its class set to SKView and another UIView onto of that which has all the UIButtons and the game title.p  pHowever, I cant seem to get the SKView to appear above my UIView which contains the buttonstitle.p  pThe general reason as to why I am trying to do this is that on the main menu I want some nice continuous animations to happen in the background as a sort of nice effect while the user decides to select whichever button. I can just try and do the animations which some methods and very basic UIView Animation code, but then the UI gets blocked and its just a pain to get it to work, thus SpriteKit animation is much much better and smoother.p  pHere is how Im trying to do itp  precode In header file IBOutlet UIView animview   In implementation file  Configure the view. SKView skView  SKView animview  Instead of ... self.view ... I have animview      skView.showsFPS  NO skView.showsNodeCount  NO   Create and configure the scene. SKScene scene  [MyScene sceneWithSizeskView.bounds.size] scene.scaleMode  SKSceneScaleModeAspectFill   Present the scene. [skView presentScenescene] codepre  pIn my storyboard file I have two UIViews as I talked about like sop  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comp4KEY.png altStoryboard UIView setup imagep  pHow can I get around this issuep  pThanks for your time, Dan.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to get some information about how the x86 subsystem works within the 64bit os and how it is addressed.p  pAs example If a 64bitdriver inside the windows kernel tries to read a memory part of a 32bit subsystem process, how do you getcalculate the 64bit address where the 32bit data is stored In 32bit usermode you simply take the base of the process module  offset and youre able to read the data with a codeReadProcessMemorycode call.p  pBut how do I findaccess the 32bit subsystem data from inside the 64bit kernelp
Negative 387 pHi friends I have a class in vba, in which I have defined a parameter like thisp  precodePublic lcl As Boolean codepre  pAt the first I am setting this parameter in this blockp  precodeIf MsgBoxLokal , vbYesNo, conConnectMsg  vbYes Then          strTmp  CurrentDb.name          lcl  True       Else        strTmp  pconDatenVerzeichnisStandard amp Me.DataMDB          lcl  False       End If codepre  pI want to have access to this parameter from a From, but this boolean Parameter codelclcode is always false. Is my code correct What is the problem in my code, which codelclcode is always falsep
Negative 387 pBuilding this form to later put into a larger form. The idea is for the first dropdown to be populated then the second is then populated depending on the first. Here is the form.php and the func.php. This is my first journey into AJAX. I know Im missing something, but may be codeblind.p  pstrongFormstrongp  precode    ltphp    includedb.php   includefunc.php   gt   ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN                                 httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt lttitlegtChained Select Boxes using PHP, MySQL and jQuerylttitlegt ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.3jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt document.readyfunction      wait1.hide     drop1.changefunction       wait1.show       result1.hide       .getfunc.php,          func drop1,         dropvar drop1.val       , functionresponse         result1.fadeOut         setTimeoutfinishAjaxresult1, escaperesponse, 400                return false          wait2.hide     drop2.changefunction       wait2.show       result2.hide       .getfunc.php,          func drop2,         dropvar drop2.val       , functionresponse         result2.fadeOut         setTimeoutfinishAjax2result2, escaperesponse, 400                return false        function finishAjaxid, response    wait1.hide   id.htmlunescaperesponse   id.fadeIn  function finishAjax2id, response    wait2.hide   id.htmlunescaperesponse   id.fadeIn   function finishAjaxtierthreeid, response    wait2.hide   id.htmlunescaperesponse   id.fadeIn  function finishAjaxtierfourid, response    wait3.hide   id.htmlunescaperesponse   id.fadeIn  ltscriptgt ltheadgt  ltbodygt ltpgt ltform action methodpostgt      ltselect namedrop1 iddrop1gt        ltoption value selectedselected disableddisabledgtSelect Manufacturerltoptiongt        ltphp getTierOne gt      ltselectgt       ltspan idwait1 styledisplay nonegt     ltimg altPlease Wait srcajaxloader.gifgt     ltspangt     ltspan idresult1 styledisplay nonegtltspangt     ltspan idwait2 styledisplay nonegt     ltimg altPlease Wait srcajaxloader.gifgt     ltspangt     ltspan idresult2 styledisplay nonegtltspangt        ltspan idwait3 styledisplay nonegt     ltimg altPlease Wait srcajaxloader.gifgt     ltspangt     ltspan idresult3 styledisplay nonegtltspangt   ltformgt ltpgt ltpgt ltphp ifissetPOST[submit]     drop  POST[drop1]     drop2  POST[drop2]     drop3  POST[drop3]     drop4  POST[drop4]     echo You have a      echo drop. .drop2. is selected from .drop3.  .drop4 gt lttable border1 bordercolorB5B5B5 stylebackgroundcolorFFFFFF width250 cellpadding3 cellspacing3gt     lttrgt         lttdgtManufacturerlttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo dropgtlttdgt     lttrgt     lttrgt         lttdgtModellttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo drop2gtlttdgt     lttrgt     lttrgt         lttdgtSizelttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo drop3gtlttdgt     lttrgt     lttrgt         lttdgtPressurelttdgt         lttdgtltphp echo drop4gtlttdgt     lttrgt lttablegt ltphp  gt ltbodygt codepre  pp  pstrongFunctionstrongp  precode    ltphp       Page load dropdown results       function getTierOne      result  mysqlquerySELECT FROM stmTrps ASC      or diemysqlerror        whiletier  mysqlfetcharray result                        echo ltoption value.tier[TrapManufacturer].gt.tier[TrapManufacturer].ltoptiongt                   First selection results       if issetGET[func]ampamp GET[func]  drop1   drop1GET[dropvar]   function drop1dropvar        includeoncedb.php     result  mysqlquerySELECT DISTINCT TrapManufacturer FROM stmTrps WHERE TrapManufacturerdropvar ORDER BY TrapManufacturer      or diemysqlerror      echo ltselect namedrop2 iddrop2gt           ltoption value  disableddisabled selectedselectedgtSelect Modelltoptiongt             whiledrop2  mysqlfetcharray result                              echo ltoption value.drop2[TrapModel].gt.drop2[TrapModel].ltoptiongt                   echo ltselectgt     echo ltscript typetextjavascriptgt wait2.hide     drop2.changefunction       wait2.show       result2.hide       .getfunc.php,          func drop2,         dropvar drop1.val,         dropvar2 drop2.val       , functionresponse         result2.fadeOut         setTimeoutfinishAjaxtierthreeresult2, escaperesponse, 400                return false      ltscriptgt         Second selection results       if issetGET[func]ampamp GET[func]  drop2   drop2GET[dropvar], GET[dropvar2]   function drop2dropvar, dropvar2        includeoncedb.php     result  mysqlquerySELECT DISTINCT size FROM stmTrps WHERE TrapManufacturerdropvar AND TrapModeldropvar2      or diemysqlerror      echo ltselect namedrop3 iddrop3gt           ltoption value  disableddisabled selectedselectedgtSelect Sizeltoptiongt             whiledrop3  mysqlfetcharray result                              echo ltoption value.drop3[size].gt.drop3[size].ltoptiongt                   echo ltselectgt     echo ltscript typetextjavascriptgt wait3.hide     drop3.changefunction       wait3.show       result3.hide       .getfunc.php,          func drop3,         dropvar drop1.val,         dropvar2 drop2.val,         dropvar3 drop3.val       , functionresponse         result3.fadeOut         setTimeoutfinishAjaxtierfourresult3, escaperesponse, 400                return false      ltscriptgt         Second selection results       ifissetGET[func]ampamp GET[func]  drop3   drop3GET[dropvar], GET[dropvar2], GET[dropvar3]  function drop3dropvar, dropvar2, dropvar3        includeoncedb.php         result  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM stmTrps WHERE TrapManufacturerdropvar AND TrapModeldropvar2 AND sizedropvar3      or diemysqlerror        echo ltselect namedrop4 iddrop4gt           ltoption value disableddisabled selectedselectedgtSelect Pressureltoptiongt              whiledrop4  mysqlfetcharray result                                    if drop4[accu]                  echo ltoption value.drop4[accu].gt.drop4[accu].ltoptiongt                         echo ltselectgt      echo ltinput typesubmit namesubmit valueSubmit gt   gt codepre
Negative 387 pI wanted to build XML in oracle using sql, I found a way building it using sql functions after a little research, I am completely unaware of any XML. My query isp  precodeSELECT XMLELEMENTorderwave,              XMLAGGXMLELEMENTorderheader,                           XMLATTRIBUTESt2.lname AS ordernumber,                           XMLFOREST                           nvlt2.lname,  as ordernumber,                                                   SELECT XMLAGGXMLELEMENTorderline,                                        XMLFOREST nvlt1.lname,  AS labeltype,                                                    nvlt1.lnum,0 AS lpn,                                                   nvlt1.lnum,0 AS sku                                                                                                                                                                        FROM testtable t1                           WHERE UPPERt1.recordtypeD                                       AS sap                                                                                                                       AS HEADER                        FROM testtable t2                         WHERE UPPERt2.recordtype H   codepre  pMy problem is for using xmlforest, I had to use alias name sap in my query to work and to get xml output. If i am using that, I am getting an unwanted tag SAP around my data which I have to later cut it, which is unacceptable. Is there a way I can get rid of this extra SAP tag without having to cut. The output data is p  precodeltorderwavegt    ltorderheadergt       ltordernumbergtorder1ltordernumbergt       ltSAPgt          ltorderlinegt             ltlabeltypegttest1ltlabeltypegt             ltlpngt1ltlpngt             ltskugt1ltskugt          ltorderlinegt          ltorderlinegt             ltlabeltypegttest2ltlabeltypegt             ltlpngt2ltlpngt             ltskugt2ltskugt          ltorderlinegt          ltorderlinegt             ltlabeltype gt             ltlpngt0ltlpngt             ltskugt0ltskugt          ltorderlinegt       ltSAPgt    ltorderheadergt    ltorderheadergt       ltordernumbergtorder2ltordernumbergt       ltSAPgt          ltorderlinegt             ltlabeltypegttest1ltlabeltypegt             ltlpngt1ltlpngt             ltskugt1ltskugt          ltorderlinegt          ltorderlinegt             ltlabeltypegttest2ltlabeltypegt             ltlpngt2ltlpngt             ltskugt2ltskugt          ltorderlinegt          ltorderlinegt             ltlabeltype gt             ltlpngt0ltlpngt             ltskugt0ltskugt          ltorderlinegt       ltSAPgt    ltorderheadergt ltorderwavegt codepre  pAny help is really appreciated and thanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pIve seen a lot of tutorials. Ive done thisp  precodeimport java.io.File import java.io.FileOutputStream import java.io.IOException import java.io.InputStream import java.io.OutputStream import android.content.Context import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase import android.view.View.OnClickListener  public class AssetDatabaseOpenHelper       private static final String DBNAME  danitest.db      private Context context      public AssetDatabaseOpenHelperOnClickListener onClickListener          this.context  Context onClickListener           public SQLiteDatabase openDatabase          File dbFile  context.getDatabasePathDBNAME          if dbFile.exists              try                  copyDatabasedbFile              catch IOException e                  throw new RuntimeExceptionError creating source database, e                                return SQLiteDatabase.openDatabasedbFile.getPath, null,        SQLiteDatabase.OPENREADONLY           private void copyDatabaseFile dbFile throws IOException          InputStream is  context.getAssets.openDBNAME         OutputStream os  new FileOutputStreamdbFile          byte[] buffer  new byte[1024]         while is.readbuffer gt 0              os.writebuffer                   os.flush         os.close         is.close        codepre  pDatabase insert in this directory ..assetsdani.dbp  pStart pubblic p  precodepublic class javapage1 extends Activity   Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.newinterface         Button btnHomeButtonfindViewByIdR.id.button1         btnHome.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener             Override             public void onClickView arg0                  AssetDatabaseOpenHelper adb  new AssetDatabaseOpenHelperthis                 SQLiteDatabase db  adb.openDatabase                 Cursor c  db.rawQuerySELECT  FROM xxx, null                 Log.dMyApp, cnt c.getCount                                 codepre  pEclipse report error...  Log Cat..p  precode0803 082711.759 DAndroidRuntime816 Shutting down VM 0803 082711.759 Wdalvikvm816 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x4001d800 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816 java.lang.ClassCastException package.javapage11 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at package.AssetDatabaseOpenHelper.ltinitgtAssetDatabaseOpenHelper.java20 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at package.javapage11.onClickjavapage1.java22 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at android.view.View.performClickView.java2408 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java8816 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java587 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java123 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4627 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java521 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java868 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java626 0803 082711.809 EAndroidRuntime816  at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0803 082713.659 IProcess816 Sending signal. PID 816 SIG 9 codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to display all table records that match a foreign key id using Laravel. However, my query is not pulling any records into the view. p  pHow do I find all of the records which match a foreign key id that is passed into the functionp  pstrongroutes.phpstrongp  precodeRoutegetpersonasidPersonaquotes, QuoteControllerindex codepre  pstrongQuoteController.phpstrongp  precodepublic function indexid              quotes  QuotewhereidPersona, idgtget         return Viewmakequotes.indexgtwithquotes, quotes      codepre  pstrongviewsquotesindex.blade.phpstrongp  precodelth2gt Quotes lth2gt  foreachquotes as quote      ltligt quote ltligt  endforeach codepre  p  pstrongmodelsQuote.phpstrongp  precodeclass Quote extends Eloquent       public timestamps  false      protected table  quote      protected primaryKey  idquote   codepre  pstrongmodelsPersona.phpstrongp  precodeclass Persona extends Eloquent        public timestamps  false      protected table  persona      protected primaryKey  idPersona    codepre  pI have 2 tables, Persona and Quote, and I am trying to pull all the quotes that match the foreign key idPersonap  precodeCREATE TABLE mountain.persona    idPersona INT NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,   fName VARCHAR45 NULL,   lName VARCHAR45 NULL,   mName VARCHAR45 NULL,   bio TEXT NULL,   dateBorn VARCHAR45 NULL,   dateDied VARCHAR45 NULL,   PRIMARY KEY idPersona  CREATE TABLE mountain.quote    idquote INT NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,   quoteText TEXT NOT NULL,   quoteSource1 VARCHAR100 NULL,   quoteSource2 VARCHAR100 NULL,   tag1 VARCHAR45 NULL,   tag2 VARCHAR45 NULL,   tag3 VARCHAR45 NULL,   idPersona INT NULL,   PRIMARY KEY idquote,   INDEX idPersonaidx idPersona ASC,   CONSTRAINT idPersona     FOREIGN KEY idPersona     REFERENCES mountain.persona idPersona     ON DELETE NO ACTION     ON UPDATE NO ACTION codepre
Negative 387 pWhat is the best way to insert new child records to use codeAddcode or codeInsertOnSubmitcode  Is there any difference between those to approaches p  pcodeInsertOnSubmitcode expamlep  precodeusingDataContext db  new DataContext     Parent p  db.Parents.Whereqgtq.IDSomeID.SingleOrDefault    Child c  new Child    c.ForeignKeyID  p.ID    db.InsertOnSubmitc    db.SubmitChanges  codepre  pcodeAddcode expamlep  precodeusingDataContext db  new DataContext     Parent p  db.Parents.Whereqgtq.IDSomeID.SingleOrDefault    Child c  new Child    p.Addc    db.SubmitChanges  codepre
Negative 387 pI have 2 correlated incoming messages from 2 different systems SystemA and SystemB and I just want to basically copy over a couple fields from the SystemA message to the SystemBmessage.p  pSo my Construct Message shape looks like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comoe3rY.png altenter image description herep  pThe Message Assignment shape just has this code inside itp  precodexmlIncomingNoAttachHolder  new System.Xml.XmlDocument xmlIncomingNoAttachHolder  msgMultiPartInNoAttachment.BodySegments   assigning the SsytemB version no attachment first.  Also, since we are only copying a couple fields, this can serve as the base. msgComboWithAttach  xmlIncomingNoAttachHolder msgComboWithAttachXMLNORM.TargetCharset  UTF8 codepre  pThe map then just has the 2 input SystemA schema and SystemB schema ORU messages on left and the output ORU message on the right, which also shares the same schema as the SystemB input message.p  pMy hope was that I could just use the message assignment code above to assign the Output codemsgComboWithAttachcode message, then use the mapper to map over the few fields that we need from the SystemA message to the SystemB message.p  pBut it seems that as soon as I apply the map, it clears the preloaded codemsgComboWithAttachcode message before performing the transform and then applies the map. The resulting message then contains emONLYem those fields that are copied over in the map and none of the other segmentsfields that were assigned in the message assignment empreloadem.p  pIs this expected behaviour, in which case, I would have to do a MassCopy on all the segments in the Map Or is there a way to preloadcopy the message like I want and then only Map a couple fields overp
Negative 387 pI am calculating polygon intersections within SQL Server and have a table as shown below based on the example here a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comengblibrarycc280766.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comengblibrarycc280766.aspxa where CoordinatesOGCWKT is computed.p  precode  ZoneId      Coordinates              CoordinatesOGCWKT           ZoneName          1  0xE61000000 [etc...]  POLYGON 122.358 47.653 [etc...]  Polygon           2  0xE61000000 [etc...]  LINESTRING 122.36 47 [etc...]     Linestring   codepre  pI have tested the proposed SP as below and it works however I am unsure how to also return the ZoneName field  which is important. p  precodeDECLARE geocoords geography DECLARE geoline geography DECLARE result geography  SELECT geocoords  Coordinates FROM SpatialZonePolygons WHERE ZonePolygonId  1 SELECT geoline  Coordinates FROM SpatialZonePolygons WHERE ZonePolygonId  2 SELECT result  geoline.STIntersectiongeocoords SELECT result.STAsText AS WKT codepre  pThe result shows the intersection coordinates but doesnt indicate the row in the database that holds the polygon coordinates. Im trying to retrieve the ZoneName where the intersection occurs which is requiredp  precode                               WKT                                 LINESTRING 122.35800000000017 47.656000130337446, [etc...]   codepre  pThis must be simple but Im struggling.p  p EDIT p  pThis looks as though it emshouldem work and kind of does... but Im getting zones that are no where near the polylinep  precodeSELECT  FROM dbo.SpatialZonePolygons WHERE Coordinates.STIntersectsgeographySTGeomFromTextLINESTRING51.46276 0.106, 51.46275 0.10604, 51.46248 0.10672, 51.46262 0.10687, etc..., 4326gt0 codepre  pI have checked the polyline is correct by manually plotting it on a Google map. I have also checked the polygon coordinates are correct by doing the same so why would the database return zones that are 50odd miles away from the polyline with definitely no intersectionsp  pAs a test, the polyline runs through London so I thought Id see if a zone in Brussels was also returned... It wasnt. Could this therefore be an accuracy issue I doubt it as the plotted polyline renders accurately and goes no where near the zones.p  pIm a little desperate now so I am also wondering if I am storing the coordinates in the right order lat lng or should it be lng latp
Negative 387 pI am processing some data using hadoop which is composed of multiple files. Now, I want hadoop to emit only file in the output. I set the following parameters. p  precode    set mapred.reduce.tasks1     set hive.exec.reducers.max  1     set hive.exec.compress.outputtrue     set hive.exec.compress.intermediatetrue codepre  pBut still it doesnt work. Can someone please explain thisp  pstrongUpdate strongp  pI am setting these parameters in the hive console. Moreover, my output is not written to hdfs but to Amazon s3.p
Negative 387 pI use bootstrap 3.1.1 in my web page and add html5shiv lib and respond lib for fix it this but it is not worked on internet explorer 8. p  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langengt ltheadgt   ltmeta charsetutf8gt  ltmeta httpequivXUACompatible contentIEedgegt  ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1gt   ltlink hrefcssbootstrap.css relstylesheetgt   lt[if IE]gt  ltscript srchttpsoss.maxcdn.comhtml5shiv3.7.2html5shiv.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript srchttpsoss.maxcdn.comrespond1.4.2respond.min.jsgtltscriptgt  lt[endif]gt  ltheadgt ltbodygt  ltdiv idwrapper classclearfixgt   ltdiv classheaderwrappergt       ltdiv classtopbarwrappergt           ltdiv classcontainergt                ltdiv classrowgt                      ltdiv classcolmd6gt                          First Column                     ltdivgt                      ltdiv classcolmd6gt                          Second Column                     ltdivgt                 ltdivgt           ltdivgt      ltdivgt   ltdivgt  ltdivgt  ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcjsbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pScreenshot  IE 8 Screenshot  a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comXYxLW.jpg relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comXYxLW.jpgap  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXYxLW.jpg altIE 8 Screenshotp  pMozilla Screenshot a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.combfNyo.jpg relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.combfNyo.jpgap  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.combfNyo.jpg altMozilla Screenshotp
Negative 387 pGivenp  precodeinterface DataltM extends Datalt, gt, T extends Datalt, gtgt    M modifyModifierltMgt   T transformTransformerltTgt   interface ModifierltM extends Datalt, gtgt    M modifyInteralValue a, InternalValue b   interface TransformerltT extends Datalt, gtgt    T transformInteralValue a, InternalValue b  codepre  pWhich makes implementors look like thisp  precodeclass A implements DataltA, Bgt    A modifyModifierltAgt modifier       return modifier.modifythis.a, this.b      B transformTransformerltBgt transformer       return transformer.transformthis.a, this.b      class B implements DataltB, Cgt    B modifyModifierltBgt modifier       return modifier.modifythis.a, this.b      C transformTransformerltCgt transformer       return transformer.transformthis.a, this.b     ... and so for C, D, etc... codepre  pIs it possible to either limit M to be only the current implementor of Data in this case A, or remove M altogether reference M in such a way the current interface implementor is the limiter of Mp  pTo clarify, the transform function is intended to change from one type to the next B b  A.transformZ where Z is a Transformer, while the modify function is intended to return the same type, but with different internals.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to get the Spotify API working with AngularJS. Im getting an invalid redirect URI error at the authorization stage a hrefhttpsdeveloper.spotify.comwebapiauthorizationguide relnofollowhttpsdeveloper.spotify.comwebapiauthorizationguidea. p  pI have added the redirecturi in the white list and it works when I have a URI such asp  precodehttplocalhost3000  codepre  pbut it doesnt work when I have a URI with a hash p  precodehttplocalhost3000main codepre  pThe reason I want to use the latter URI is because with the former I get a URI which I cant get the parameters from via angular p  precodehttplocalhost3000ltparameters returned from spotifygtmain  codepre  pwhereas Id expect the URI to be like this p  precodehttplocalhost3000mainltparameters returned from spotifygt codepre  pAny help would be much appreciated, thanks.p
Negative 387 pI have a bit of a dilemma here, Ill try to be specific.p  pI am working on my development stack for web applications, but I am a little unclear on how to architecture the server side. I have worked this matter before, but mostly it has been disorganized and unmaintainable code. I tend to keep the stuff that happens in the client separated from the stuff that happens on the server, meaning that the code on the server does not respond to events triggered by  nor influences the user interface, but instead it responds to requests made by the client application a bit like a RESTful api. p  pAs an example, think of a notestaking web application where the server handles the user authentication requested by the client and online storage while the client handles user interaction DOM manipulation and responding to events, offline storage, syncing the notes to the server and other offline functionality.p  pMy question is, what server side architectural patterns should I consider when developing these systemsp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pEDIT  jQuery and jQuery UI were responsible for this bug. See my answer at the bottom.p  hr  pI need to debug a website that shows strangely on a Samsung Galaxy S5 mobile. I believe the default browser should be UC Browser but I have no way to test it. I have no access to such mobile phone.p  pUser Agent is p  precode    Mozilla5.0 Linux Android 4.4.2 frca SMG900W8 BuildKOT49H AppleWebKit537.36 KHTML, like Gecko Version1.6 Chrome28.0.1500.94 Mobile Safari537.36 codepre  pI have a list of squared items that shows well on every browser Chrome, Safari, IE, Opera..., Firefox,... with media queries, but on this one, a part of the list is hidden we can see the a hrefhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu3273079Screenshot20140811095252.png relnofollowtop of next items thats chopped on that screenshot the client sent mea.p  pAny idea about thisp  pThank youp
Negative 387 pIn my android app, I need strongsettings to select time rangestrong e.g. 2 to 4 minutes, 8 to 12 minutes etc.p  pTo implement it, I used two instances of strongListPreferencestrong, one to select minimum time and other to select maximum time.p  pAs maximum time cannot be less than minimum time, I want to update the maximum time list preference whenever minimum time is changed by a user.p  pTo achieve it, I am using strongPreference.OnPreferenceChangeListnerstrong. When user changes minimum time preference, the listener callback function is called and in the callback, I call strongsetEntries, setEntryValuesstrong and strongsetValueIndexstrong on maximum time ListPreference instance. p  pThe problem is that strongGUI of maximum time preference is not updated immediatelystrong when I do above. I can still see old entries in the preference. If I exit settings activity and launch the settings again, I can see updated entries and values.p  pPlease let me know how I could solve this issue.p  pAlso, please suggest if there is any better way to handle such settings use case.p  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pI found this code on a hrefhttponertipaday.blogspot.co.ilsearchlabeldescriptive20statistic relnofollowhttponertipaday.blogspot.co.ilsearchlabeldescriptive20statistica The code is describing a work around for finding the codemincode and codemaxcode in a dataset that has codeinfcode and codeinfcode in a vector.However I dontunderstand the purpose of the code[1]code and code[2]code in the last two lines of code,can anybody enlight me on this issue p  precodedata lt cInf, 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10, Inf maxdata  Return Inf mindata  Return Inf  To solve the problem I went to rangedata, finiteTRUE  Then you can do myMinimum lt rangedata, finiteTRUE[1] myMaximum lt rangedata, finiteTRUE[2] codepre
Negative 387 pI have these lines of text codegrepcode is searchingp  precode6297325225 224 6626288 772 7326333 7432236992 1046927385 codepre  pAnd this is the command Im using to match all of the abovep    precodegrep [09]3[ ][09]3[09]4 .txt codepre  pAnd this is the outputp  precodeh1.txt 6297325225 h2.txt 224 6626288 h3.txt 772 7326333 h5.txt 1046927385 codepre  pIt didnt match with text from codeh4.txtcode. What differs is that there is not space after the closing parenthesis. I thought the code[ ]code would cover that. Why doesnt it workp
Negative 387 pHow do I display all field names from a MySQL table to a web page when I only know the table namep
Negative 387 pIn spring when I dop  precodeAutowire ListltMyInterfacegt myInterfaces codepre  pthen this list will get populated by all beans which implement codeMyInterfacecode. I didnt have to create bean of type codeListltMyInterfacegtcode.p  pIm looking for such behaviour in Google Guice.p  pSofar I went withp  precodeMultibinderltMyInterfacegt myInterfaceBinder  MultiBinder.newSetBinderbinder, MyInterface.class codepre  pNow if I have a bean which implements codeMyInterfacecode and I bind it, say viap  precodebindMyInterfaceImpl.class.asEagerSingleton codepre  pit wont be included in my multibinder. I need to addp  precodemyInterfaceBinder.addBinding.toMyInterfaceImpl.class codepre  pThis is somewhat more complicated than what Spring offers. So I was wonmdering whether Im not using it in wrong way. So is there easier way of achieving thisp
Negative 387 pIm not sure what to do Im trying to run OpenCV in a background thread and have it send the image to the dispatcher. Heres a distilled version of the codep  precodeprivate Thread thread private void WindowLoaded    thread  new Threadnew ThreadStartOpenCV Run in seperate thread    thread.Start  private void OpenCV    CV Image Capturing and parsing etc  works fine    ...     Problems begin    System.Drawing.Bitmap bm  BitmapConverter.ToBitmapgray Get a usable image from CV    bm.SetResolution640.0f, 480.0f Change its resolution    Dispatcher.BeginInvokenew Action gt  Invoke this to be run in main thread        updateImagebm Code that updates UI      private void updateImageSystem.Drawing.Bitmap img      ImageSourceConverter c  new ImageSourceConverter      Console.WriteLinec  null No success in testing for nulls     MyImage.Source  ImageSourcec.ConvertFromimg The problem is here  codepre  pIn the last line of codeupdateImagecode The error in the title happens. I have seen many other people exqperiencing very similar problems, but none of their solutions seem to work.p  pMyImage is not null when the exception is called, nor is c or img. However, MyImage.Source is.p
Negative 387 pI have a VB.Net application which has spelling words that a child can type in and it verifies the spelling. On the form, I have a strongNextstrong and strongBackstrong button, which advances a codePictureBoxcode with items contained in an codeImageListcode. I have 3 items in the codeImageListcode collection with an codeindex[2]code.p  pHeres the code that Im using to advance the Next button to display the next image in the collectionp  precodePrivate Sub btnNextClicksender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles btnNext.Click     Get images and place them in the Imagebox on each click.      Static count As Integer  1      If count gt ImageList1.Images.Count  1 Then         count  0     End If     PictureBox1.Image  ImageList1.Imagescount     count  1          End Sub codepre  pWhile this works, I cannot figure out how to get this to work in the reverse order. Heres the codeOnLoadcode event handler that starts with the first image in the collectionp  precodePrivate Sub Form1Loadsender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles MyBase.Load     Set picturebox with initial picture      PictureBox1.Image  ImageList1.Images0     txtSpell.Focus  End Sub codepre  pHow can I get the strongBackstrong button to go backwards in the index from its current point in the index which is shown in the codePicutureBoxcode control This is where Im stumped. Tried to rewrite the code several times, if I click strongNextstrong once, I go to the next image codeindex[1]code and if click the strongBackstrong button, it takes me to codeindex[0]code. p  pBut if click next again, PictureBox jumps to codeindex[2]code the last image, rather than going back to codeindex[1]code. If I click strongBackstrong again, the code is blowing up.p
Negative 387 pI have a FormView for displaying form, and code goes on like thisp  precodeclass AddProjectFormView     templatename  projectaddproject.html      methoddecoratorcheckusertype     def dispatchself,request, args, kwargs         return superAddProject,self.dispatchrequest, args, kwargs      def getformclassself         return AddProjectForm       def formvalidself,form         do validation, return response codepre  pthe decorator checkusertype is like thisp  precodedef checkusertypefunc     def wrappedfuncrequest, args, kwargs         kwargs[invaliduser]  True         return funcrequest,args, kwargs     return wrappedfunc codepre  pIn my decorator I want To make sure that only certain type of user get to see the form, i.e if request.user.Iam  Architect or request.user.Iam  Interior Designer only see the form and others see a message Only architectsInterior Designer get to upload photos.For this i want to insert a variable invaliduser to be passed along, depending on which i display the form or the message. Problem is I am unable to pass the variable  alongwith it .. and a doubt.. if i have correctly devised the idea to do so..  p
Negative 387 pIm working on a C metro store app which has a UI similar to the following code as an example p  precodeltCanvas xNamecanvasgt ltImage xNameimage Canvas.Left600 Canvas.Top170gt ltCanvasgt codepre  pThe containing canvas has a function AddToLogstring text and I want this function to be accessible by the objects inside the canvas i.e. here image also. The image may also be a User Control contained in a separate .xaml file.  Is this possible, and if so how would I go about doing it  If not, are there any alternate ways to do this p
Negative 387 pIve been doing Udacity CS262 and for the Detecting Ambiguity problem Im not sure if my solution is correct and Im not sure if the official solution is correct either. p  pBrief description of the problem Write a function isambiggrammar, start, string that takes a finite context free grammar encoded as a python dictionary, the start symbol of the grammar, and a string. If there are two parse trees leading to the string, then the grammar is ambiguous or at least that is my understanding of ambiguity  please correct me if Im mistaken. If the grammar is ambiguous, return True. Else return False. p  pTest casesp  precodegrammar1  [        S, [ P, ],        S, [ a, Q, ] ,        P, [ a, T],        P, [ c ],        Q, [ b ],        T, [ b ],        ] print isambiggrammar1, S, [a, b]  True print isambiggrammar1, S, [c]  False  grammar2  [        A, [ B, ],        B, [ C, ],        C, [ D, ],        D, [ E, ],        E, [ F, ],        E, [ G, ],        E, [ x, H, ],        F, [ x, H],        G, [ x, H],        H, [ y, ],        ] print isambiggrammar2, A, [x, y]  True print isambiggrammar2, E, [y]  False  grammar3  [  Rivers in Kenya        A, [ B, C],        A, [ D, ],        B, [ Dawa, ],        C, [ Gucha, ],        D, [ B, Gucha],        A, [ E, Mbagathi],        A, [ F, Nairobi],        E, [ Tsavo ],        F, [ Dawa, Gucha ]        ] print isambiggrammar3, A, [Dawa, Gucha]  True print isambiggrammar3, A, [Dawa, Gucha, Nairobi]  False print isambiggrammar3, A, [Tsavo]  False codepre  pI have added my own test case. Im not sure if this is correct, but I can only see possible one parse tree leading to the string a b, so the string does not prove the grammar ambiguous. And I do not believe the grammar is ambiguous. p  precodegrammar4  [  Simple test case        S, [ P, Q],        P, [ a, ],        Q, [ b, ],        ] print isambiggrammar4, S, [a, b]  False codepre  pHere is the official programp  precodedef expandtokensandderivation, grammar     tokens,derivation  tokensandderivation     for tokenpos in rangelentokens         for ruleindex in rangelengrammar             rule  grammar[ruleindex]             if tokens[tokenpos]  rule[0]                 yield tokens[0tokenpos]  rule[1]  tokens[tokenpos1], derivation  [ruleindex]  def isambiggrammar, start, utterance     enumerated  [[start], []]     while True         newenumerated  enumerated         for u in enumerated             for i in expandu,grammar                 if not i in newenumerated                     newenumerated  newenumerated  [i]          if newenumerated  enumerated             enumerated  newenumerated         else             break     result  [xrange for xrange in enumerated if xrange[0]  utterance]     print result     return lenresult gt 1 codepre  pHere is my own, much longer programp  precodedef expandgrammar, symbol     result  []     for rule in grammar         if rule[0]  symbol             result.appendrule[1]     return result  def expandfirstnonterminalgrammar, string     result  []     for i in xrangelenstring         if isterminalgrammar, string[i]  False             for j in expandgrammar, string[i]                 result.appendstring[i]jstring[i1]             return result     return None  def fullexpandstringgrammar,string, result     for i in expandfirstnonterminalgrammar,string         if allterminalsgrammar,i             result.appendi         else             fullexpandstringgrammar,i,result  def isterminalgrammar,symbol     for rule in grammar         if rule[0]  symbol             return False     return True  def allterminalsgrammar,string     for symbol in string         if isterminalgrammar,symbol  False             return False     return True  def returnallgrammar, start     result  []     for rule in grammar         if rule[0]  start             if allterminalsgrammar,rule[1]                 return rule[1]             else                 fullexpandstringgrammar, rule[1], result     return result  def isambiggrammar, start, utterance     count  0     for i in returnallgrammar,start         if i  utterance             count1     if count gt 1         return True     else         return False codepre  pNow, my program passes all the test cases including the one I added grammar4, but the official solution passes all test cases except the one I added. It seems to me that either the test case is wrong, or the official solution is wrong.p  pIs the official solution correct Is my solution correct p
Negative 387 pI hope the title of this question makes sense. What i need is a way of storing a reference to a object in a controller and access it in another one.p  pFor example, i have a codeAppCtrlcode where i initiate firebasep  precode.controllerAppCtrl, function scope, ionicModal, timeout, firebase          var ref  new Firebasehttpstest.firebaseio.com         var sync  firebaseref         scope.db  sync.asObject          var authClient  new FirebaseSimpleLoginref, functionerror, user              if error               else if user                  console.loguser              else                   user is logged out                                ... codepre  pIn another controller i want to do codeauthClient.logoutcode but codeauthClientcode is not availablep  precode.controllerLogoutCtrl, function scope, stateParams, firebase          authClient.logout  codepre  pIs there a way to access codeauthClientcode in the second controller without the need to instantiating codeFirebaseSimpleLogincode, like grabbing it from a global varp  pIm not sure what is the best approach, maybe is a good idea to instantiate it again..p  pIm using codefirebasecode as an example here, but this could be any other classp  pany ideasp
Negative 387 pI am having a Spring project with JPA2.1 and persistenceUnitName is defined as default in that project.p  pI have defined the dependency using maven of this project using springcore.jar in another project to reuse some Entity classes and other stuff in another spring batch project that is too using springJPA2.1. p  pWhen I am defining the same persistenceUnitName in this project then it is giving me a conflict error of persistenceUnitName. p  precodeltbean identityManagerFactory           classorg.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean           ppersistenceUnitNamedefault           pjpaVendorAdapterrefjpaVendorAdapter           pdataSourcerefdataSource gt codepre  pBut when I changed the name of persistenceUnitName in this project then it is not able to create the persistenceUnitName default of imported project. So not able to create JPA classes of imported project for which I defined the dependency in pom.xmlp  precodeError creating bean with name SampleJpa Injection of persistence dependencies failed nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.NoSuchBeanDefinitionException No bean named default is defined codepre  pPlease suggest me some solution. Actually this was working in this way with hibernate but migration is giving us hard time.p
Negative 387 pHow to make simple ASP.net Login Form using ms access database i dont want to use SQL server only MS access file and record here i only user if account exist it says welcome else login failedp
Negative 387 pMy calendar layout looks something like thisp  precodeA B C D E F G  A B C D E F G  A B C D E F G  A B C D codepre  pI would like to make it that the first day of the calendar to start, for example, from the forth elements position this implementation should be available only for the first row of the calendar like thisp  precode blank A B C D  A B C D E F  A B C D E F  A B C D E F codepre  pI have a GridView for this, which is is using a RelativeLayout with a Button in it that has as a background another layout, that shouldnt be relevant right now.p  pAny advice... Thanks p
Negative 387 pI have a audiobook database with a hierarchy for creatorauthor. I use a parent id for the relation. When I have an author with its name spelled differently I make it a child of the correctly spelled author. I create and access the database using JPA. I load the JPAContainer in a Tree UI and that works.  But when I drag and drop an Item on another Item, the dragged Item becomes a child of a newly created parent with the name of the drop target. It should not create the new parent but just add the child to the droptarget. What am I missing here p  pCreator.javap  precodeEntity Tablename  creator NamedQueries         NamedQueryname  Creator.findAll, query  SELECT c FROM Creator c,         NamedQueryname  Creator.findByName, query  SELECT c FROM  Creator c WHERE c.name  name  public class Creator implements Serializable      private static final long serialVersionUID  1L      TableGeneratorname  CreatorGen, table  IDGEN, pkColumnName  GENNAME, valueColumnName  GENVAL, pkColumnValue  CreatorGen, initialValue  1     Id     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.TABLE, generator  CreatorGen     Columnunique  true, nullable  false     private Integer id      Columnlength  10000     private String bio      TemporalTemporalType.DATE     private Date birthdate      Columnnullable  false, length  50     private String name       bidirectional manytoone association to Book     OneToManymappedBy  creator     private ListltBookgt books       bidirectional manytoone association to Nationality     ManyToOnecascade   CascadeType.PERSIST      JoinColumnname  nationality     private Nationality nationality      Transient     private Boolean superCreator      ManyToOnetargetEntitymodel.Creator.class     OrderByname     JoinColumnnameparent,referencedColumnNameid       private Creator parent      OneToManymappedByparent     OrderByname     private ListltCreatorgt children      public Creator            public CreatorString author          this.name  author           public Integer getId          return this.id      codepre  pPart of the Vaadin UI tree code BooksMain.java.p  precodepublic BooksMainView          JPAContainerltCreatorgt creators  new JPAContainerltCreatorgt                 Creator.class              private static final long serialVersionUID  1L              Override             public boolean areChildrenAllowedObject itemId                  return getItemitemId.getEntity.getChildren.size gt 0                               EntityManager em  JPAContainerFactory                 .createEntityManagerForPersistenceUnitBookPersistenceManager.PERSISTENCEUNIT          creators.setEntityProvidernew CachingLocalEntityProviderltCreatorgt                 Creator.class, em         creators.setParentPropertyparent          buildTree           private void buildTree          groupTree  new Treecreators, creators         groupTree.setItemCaptionModeItemCaptionMode.PROPERTY         groupTree.setItemCaptionPropertyIdid         groupTree.setImmediatetrue         groupTree.setSelectabletrue         groupTree.setDragModeTreeDragMode.NODE           Allow the tree to receive drag drops and handle them         groupTree.setDropHandlernew DropHandler              public AcceptCriterion getAcceptCriterion                  return AcceptAll.get                           public void dropDragAndDropEvent event                   Wrapper for the object that is dragged                 Transferable t  event.getTransferable                   Make sure the drag source is the same tree                 if t.getSourceComponent  groupTree                     return                  AbstractSelectTargetDetails target  AbstractSelectTargetDetails event                         .getTargetDetails                   Get ids of the dragged item and the target item                 Object sourceItemId  t.getDataitemId                 Object targetItemId  target.getItemIdOver                   On which side of the target the item was dropped                 VerticalDropLocation location  target.getDropLocation                  HierarchicalEntityContainerltCreatorgt container  HierarchicalEntityContainerltCreatorgt groupTree                         .getContainerDataSource                  EntityItemltCreatorgt src  container.getItemsourceItemId                 EntityItemltCreatorgt dst  container.getItemtargetItemId                   Drop right on an item gt make it a child                 if location  VerticalDropLocation.MIDDLE                      System.out.printlnsource  src.getItemPropertyname                               id  src.getItemPropertyid                     System.out.printlntarget  dst.getItemPropertyname                               id  dst.getItemPropertyid                      src.getItemPropertyparent.setValuedst                                                 setFirstComponentgroupTree      codepre
Negative 387 pI know that this question has been asked several times in this forum, I checked the answers to most of them but still m not able to make it work for my input filep  pInput filep  precodeflow items  Flow Item1      Result 2              line1         line2         line3                  Result 0              line4         STARTTEXT blah blah blah         blah blah blahENDTEXT         line4                 Result 1              line5         STARTTEXT foo foo foo         line5                 Result 2              line6         STARTTEXT blah1 blah1 blah1         blah1 blah1 blah1ENDTEXT         line7                  Flow item2      Result 2              line8         line9         line10                  Result 0              line11         STARTTEXT blah2 blah2 blah2         blah2 blah2 blah2ENDTEXT         line12                 Result 1              line13         STARTTEXT foo1 foo1 foo1         line14               codepre  pOutput expectedp  precodeSTARTTEXT blah blah blah blah blah blahENDTEXT STARTTEXT blah1 blah1 blah1 blah1 blah1 blah1ENDTEXT STARTTEXT blah2 blah2 blah2 blah2 blah2 blah2ENDTEXT codepre  pSo basically there are multiple occurrences of STARTTEXT which are unwanted Those ones which do not have ENDTEXT in the same Result block, for examplep  precode    Result 1              line5         STARTTEXT foo foo foo         line5             codepre  pCode that I have been trying looking into all .txt files in the work directory and searching for the mutiline patternp  precodeusrbinperl use strict use warnings use Cwd use FileFind  my filepattern  txt  findampd, cwd  sub d     my file  FileFindname    file  s,,,g    return unless f file   return unless file  filepattern    open F, file or print couldnt open filen ampamp return   open fout, gtgt, Result.txt   while ltFgt       string  STARTTEXT.ENDTEXTs     print fout stringn        close F   close fout  codepre  pThis returns me only few newline characters. Please help.p
Negative 387 pI have been deploying rails 4.1 application with capistrano 3. it has been working fine. but  when i tried to do rake tasks uncommenting require capistranorailsassets. i get this errorp  precodecap aborted SSHKitRunnerExecuteError Exception while executing on host xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx rake exit status 1 rake stdout Nothing written rake stderr config.eagerload is set to nil. Please update your configenvironments.rb files accordingly     development  set it to false    test  set it to false unless you use a tool that preloads your test environment    production  set it to true  rake aborted ArgumentError Missing required arguments googlestorageaccesskeyid, googlestoragesecretaccesskey homedeployyelosharedbundleruby2.1.0gemsfogcore1.24.0libfogcoreservice.rb237in validateoptions homedeployyelosharedbundleruby2.1.0gemsfogcore1.24.0libfogcoreservice.rb261in handlesettings homedeployyelosharedbundleruby2.1.0gemsfogcore1.24.0libfogcoreservice.rb98in new homedeployyelosharedbundleruby2.1.0gemsfogcore1.24.0libfogstorage.rb26in new homedeployyelosharedbundleruby2.1.0gemscarrierwave0.10.0libcarrierwaveuploaderconfiguration.rb83in eagerloadfog homedeployyelosharedbundleruby2.1.0gemscarrierwave0.10.0libcarrierwaveuploaderconfiguration.rb96in fogcredentials homedeployyeloreleases20140910131617configinitializerscarrierwave.rb8in block in lttop requiredgt homedeployyelosharedbundleruby2.1.0gemscarrierwave0.10.0libcarrierwaveuploaderconfiguration.rb118in configure homedeployyelosharedbundleruby2.1.0gemscarrierwave0.10.0libcarrierwave.rb14in configure homedeployyeloreleases20140910131617configinitializerscarrierwave.rb5in lttop requiredgt homedeployyelosharedbundleruby2.1.0gemsactivesupport4.1.4libactivesupportdependencies.rb241in load homedeployyelosharedbundleruby2.1.0gemsactivesupport4.1.4libactivesupportdependencies.rb241in block in load codepre  pthe config.eagerload is set to true.  the thing with googlestorageaccesskeyid the keys are initialized inside a initializer with values config.secrets.yml p  precoderequire fog require rails require carrierwave  CarrierWave.configure do config   config.root  Rails.root.jointmp   config.cachedir  carrierwave   config.fogcredentials       provider                         gt Google,     googlestorageaccesskeyid     gt Rails.application.secrets.storageaccesskey,     googlestoragesecretaccesskey gt Rails.application.secrets.storageaccesssecret      config.fogdirectory  yelostore  end codepre  pconfig.secrets.ymlp  precode  storageaccesskey lt ENV[STORAGEACCESSKEY]gt   storageaccesssecret lt ENV[STORAGEACCESSSECRET]gt codepre  pi stored my environmental variables in etcprofile.p  pthere issues arise only if i do some rake or execute tasks. if i removed the initializer file i get another error  Devise.secretkey was not set. Please add the following to your Devise initializerp  pconfig.secretkey  6b88a299ed1361b5c0275e.....p  pthis is essentiall because of secretkeybase lt ENV[SECRETKEYBASE]  not getting loaded at that point.p  pFinally i can run all tasks i go to the root path. only while doing it through capistarno these errors arise. as capistarno not getting the config.scecrets env variables which is stored in etcprofilep
Negative 387 pHow can I connect to a REST Service using the Intel Galileo boardp  pI need the solution to be autonomous of a PC client.p  pAs long there is Internet Access through Ethernet or WiFi the code would executep
Negative 387 pIm using tess4j.jar in my Eclipse project. When i run it on strongeclipsestrong my project is strongworking finestrong, but when i try to run the exported strongrunnable .jar filestrong it always fails due to strongjava.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError Unable to load library  libtesseract302strong error.p  pI tried to fix it with solutions from similar posts but nothing worked.p  ol liLocated the  libtesseract302 and liblept168.dll file into a dll folder an added it as source folder.li liIm running java 32bit and confirmed that the dlls are also 32bit dlls.li ol  pError logp  precodeException in thread Thread2 java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError Unable to load library libtesseract302 Cant obtain InputStream for win32x86libtesseract302.dll     at com.sun.jna.NativeLibrary.loadLibraryNativeLibrary.java271     at com.sun.jna.NativeLibrary.getInstanceNativeLibrary.java398     at com.sun.jna.LibraryHandler.ltinitgtLibrary.java147     at com.sun.jna.Native.loadLibraryNative.java412     at com.sun.jna.Native.loadLibraryNative.java391     at net.sourceforge.tess4j.TessAPI.ltclinitgtUnknown Source     at net.sourceforge.tess4j.Tesseract.initUnknown Source     at net.sourceforge.tess4j.Tesseract.doOCRUnknown Source     at net.sourceforge.tess4j.Tesseract.doOCRUnknown Source     at net.sourceforge.tess4j.Tesseract.doOCRUnknown Source     at brain.Main.startOCRMain.java292     at brain.Main.getOcrResultMain.java251 codepre
Negative 387 pWe are currently moving a selfhosted koa app to IISNode on Azure WebSites..p  pIn selfhosting, we initiallize the application by calling      node harmony .binapplication Requests then go to .index.js.p  pHowever we could not find how to setup IISNode to call binapplication at initialization time.p  pAny ideas Thanksp
Negative 387 pI have a TIMESTAMP field on MySQL, and I refresh this field everytime a user do something into the site, but I have to show if this user is really online at that momment, and for that, I need to make a query that takes all the results from a table where this TIMESTAMP field is equal or less than 30 seconds. How can I do this kind of queryp  pExample, its 20140707 075530 and I want to return all the users between 20140707 075500 and 20140707 075530.p  pI triedp  precode[...]WHERE onlineusers.time gt timestampDATESUBNOW, INTERVAL 30 SECOND  codepre  pAnd it didnt work. It shows the result, but it shows even if the interval is longer than 30 seconds, I dont understand why.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to order my logs per day, however it doesnt create a new file when it is a new day. it continues storing the logs in the previous day unless I restart the server. How could I fix thatp  pIm using Django 1.4.p  pThanks in advancep  precodeLOGGING   version 1, disableexistingloggers True, filters      requiredebugfalse           django.utils.log.RequireDebugFalse      , formatters     verbose          format [asctimes] levelnames [nameslinenos] messages     ,     simple          format [levelnames] messages     , , handlers      filedjango          class logging.FileHandler,         filename varlogzbossdjangolog  date.today.strftimeYmd  .log,         formatter verbose,         level DEBUG     ,     filemodules          class logging.FileHandler,         filename varlogzbosslog  date.today.strftimeYmd  .log,         formatter verbose,         level DEBUG     ,     mailadmins          level ERROR,         filters [requiredebugfalse],         class django.utils.log.AdminEmailHandler     , , loggers      django          handlers [filedjango],         propagate True,         level DEBUG     ,     django.request          handlers [mailadmins],         level ERROR,         propagate True,     ,     core.views          handlers [filemodules],         propagate True,         level DEBUG     , ,  codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying to get the value of the sibling with the class codeisearchcode when clicked. p  precodelttrgt                             lttdgt12lttdgt     lttd classrequestgt24lttdgt     lttdgt36lttdgt      lttdgtlta classisearch hrefjavascript titleDetallegtbtnltagtlttdgt lttrgt lttrgt                             lttdgt6lttdgt     lttd classrequestgt12lttdgt     lttdgt18lttdgt      lttdgtlta classisearch hrefjavascript titleDetallegtbtnltagtlttdgt lttrgt lttrgt                             lttdgt3lttdgt     lttd classrequestgt6lttdgt     lttdgt9lttdgt       lttdgtlta classisearch hrefjavascript titleDetallegtbtnltagtlttdgt lttrgt codepre  phere my jQueryp  precode.isearch.onclick, functionevent     event.preventDefault     var numRos  this.find.requestfirst.val   console.lognumRos codepre  pBut it shows codenullcodep
Negative 387 pIve got this sentencebr     codeIt seems to be the basic assumption of traditional philosophies that human ltspan stylecolorff5e43gtintellectualltspangt powers are for abc the purpose of accelerating our own evolution beyond the restraints of the biological determinism which binds all other living organisms.codep  pand I need to match words by their length. Im using this regex syntax with the length incremented by a loopbr     code Sindex codep  pbut at 5, it matches also strongltspanstrong p  pAt 5 instead the result should be codeseems basic human abc which binds othercode  p  pAt this link my attempts a hrefhttpregex101.comrbL4eW26 relnofollow titleRegex101Regex101ap
Negative 387 pThis is a bit of an abstract question, I hope thats ok if not, please let me know of a better place to ask itp  pI have a bunch of boolean conditions, lets call them codeA, B, C, D, ...code.p  pIn my code, I need to use these conditions to distinguish between several different possible scenarios. For example, I could have something like this in pseudo codep  precodeif A and B or not C or D then process case 1 if A and not B and C or D then process case 2 otherwise process case 3 codepre  pNow, I can start to combine these ifstatements to optimize the number of evaluations needed, likep  precodeif A then      if B then          process case 1      else          if C or D then process case 2                     else process case 1       else      if C or D then process case 3                 else process case 1  codepre  pBut I could equally well shortcircuit Im using the term loosely some of the evaluations differently, likep  precodeif C or D then      if A then          if B then process case 1                else process case 2      else          process case 3       else      process case 1  codepre  pLets say that there is a significant difference in the cost of evaluating these conditions, e.g. some require a database call, others are simple variablenullchecks, etc. Then, there is probably an optimal solution for how to break up the code assuming all cases are somewhat equally likely.p  pFor example, if the evaluation of A and B is cheap while the evaluation of C or D is expensive, the first version above is probably better on average as there is a chance that if A and B turn out true, C and D never need to get evaluated. Whereas if C and D are cheap while A or B are expensive, version two is better on average.p  pIs there some formal framework or other approach for figuring out this optimizationp
Negative 387 pI am trying to integrate the codeWeifenLuo.WinformsUI.Dockingcode assembly into my application. To rule out external factors I created a new .Net 4 Winforms app and reference the DLL. Works fine.p  pI then created a .Net 4 Class Library and referenced the DLL. This this doesnt work and as soon as I try to use anything in that Docking namespace it wont compile.p  pTo recapp  pcodeC Exe referencegt WeifenLuo.WinFormsUI.Docking.DockPanel.dll  OKcodep  pcodeC Class library referencegt WeifenLuo.WinFormsUI.Docking.DockPanel.dll  Not OKcodep  pI also have the a hrefhttpsgithub.comdockpanelsuitedockpanelsuite relnofollowWeifenLuo sourcea and confirmed its a class library referencing the same version of .Net. I tried adding a class library in their sample solution and referencing the codeWinFormscode project directly not the result in assembly and it still isnt linking properly.p  pstrongUpdating with Screenshotstrong img srchttpi.stack.imgur.coms7MLA.png altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pplease, can you help me  Where I have a error in this sql syntax  I am sorry for my english I am from czech republic.. I want to random search 12 products with pictures. When I delete order by rand so search where products has pictures is working, but not working random function. And conversely, when I delete where idObrazky is not null so random search is working. But I want, that to work both. Thank you all for your help.  p  h2strongQuerystrongh2  precode SELECT eshopdalsiobrazky., eshopzbozi.   from eshopzbozi   left join eshopdalsiobrazky   on eshopzbozi.idZbozieshopdalsiobrazky.eshopzboziidZbozi   where idObrazky is not null   LIMIT 12 order by rand codepre
Negative 387 pI have one table of users , with their email address. br I want to display all the users who are using the same email address.p  ptable strucure is something like this p  pid, username, email, xx,xx,xx,xx,xx,xx,xx,xx,xx,xx, and so onp  pSample results that i am expecting can be like thisp  pxxx        email countbr user1             4br userx            xbr and so onp  por p  pxxxxx       emailcount   emails listbr user x       x count     email 1,email2,email3 etc etcp  pI want the output for all the users,,, with  , no input will be given ,, only it will search all the records with duplicate emails with particular username or userid.p
Negative 387 pIve been designing a database for an online store system. The question that strongIve come across by reading some posts in this websitestrong is that although I can use composite primary keys in the case Im gonna explain below, is it really a bad practice according to the posts I read in this respect over stackoveflow, many says it is a bad practice so thats why Im asking.p  pI wanna store payments for the orders in a separate table. The reason is that, an order can have many items which are handled also in a separate table in the form of many to many relationship. Now if I dont use composite primary keys for my payment table Ill lose my unique codePaymantIDcodep  precode[PaymmentId] INT IDENTITY1,1 NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY, [OrderId] INT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY Also a Foreign Key codepre  pNow if I just remove the Primary Key for the codeOrderIdcode Ill lose my one to one relationship here so codeMany OrderIds can be associated to many PaymentIdscode and I dont want this. p  pThis is while strongthe previously asked questions herestrong have concluded mostly that composite key is a bad idea. So I wanna clarify this to myself, if it is bad, whats the best practice thenp
Negative 387 precodewhileA             System.out.println You enter a room and look around, in it, you see three     doors, a red door labeled A, a blue door labeled B, and a green door labeled C.  Which door do you choose to go through Enter, A, B, or C            String correctdoor  scanner.next             A  A.equalsIgnoreCasecorrectdoor            System.out.printlnYou have chosen wrong You have fallen into a pit Lucky for you though, the pit is easy to climb out of and you return to the room....nnn                          System.out.printlnYou progress through the door and find 5 light switches, you must turn them on in order to progress further. Enter the correct combination using digits 15 here please.  HINT  the 2nd and 4th numbers add up to the first number and the last number is NOT 5        int lightcode  scanner.nextInt     while lightcode  31425System.out.println That combination is incorrect     System.out.println The door unlocks and you go down a set of stairs codepre  pHey, back again for more help. p  pThe while statement does work as intended when the user inputs b or c or any other value not A, but when they DO put A it does take them out of the while loop, but it still prints the you have chosen wrong string. Im not sure why, but I AM sure you guys can tell me why.p  pFurthermore, the second loop works perfectly if I input the right number, the only issue is that when I do NOT, it DOES tell me the combo is incorrect but it doesnt just print it once, it keeps printing it and wont stop, its neverending. What did I do wrongp  pMaybe I should use an if statement Eh...no...that wont loop...ugh.p  pps I know I said the last number isnt 5, but ill fix it in postp
Negative 387 pIm connecting to MySQL via C using MySQLHelper. Problem came when I released my app. In debug mode its connecting fine, but in release it shows strongUnable to connect to any of the specified MySQL hosts.strongp  pMy connection string I hardcode, not storing in any config files. I thought problem might be in some compiler optimizations, but there are nothing to optimize. I even made some custom debug, showing variables after error. My connection string in release mode looks exactly the same as in debug mode.p  pI use MySQL from hosting. I have set it to remote connections. In fact its working in debug mode so its not this cause a problem.p
Negative 387 pIm using Emacs 24.3.1 along with webmode a hrefhttpwebmode.org relnofollowhttpwebmode.orga.p  pI dont need the syntax highlighting and I am looking for a way to disable this feature. I know very little about Lisp, even less Elisp.p  pHere are the definitions for highlighting functions a hrefhttpsgithub.comfxboiswebmodeblobmasterwebmode.elL279 relnofollowwebmode.el279a. I am guessing there is some vrariable I could set to code0code so the highlighting doesnt occur, but I dont know where to look there is a part in emdocumentationem covering how to enable  disable features but it doesnt talk about syntax highlighting.p
Negative 387 pHeres my celery app configp  precodefrom future import absoluteimport  from celery import Celery  import os  from django.conf import settings  os.environ.setdefaultDJANGOSETTINGSMODULE, tshirtmafia.settings  app  Celerytshirtmafia app.conf.update     CELERYRESULTBACKENDdjcelery.backends.databaseDatabaseBackend,   app.configfromobjectdjango.confsettings app.autodiscovertaskslambda settings.INSTALLEDAPPS codepre  psettings.pyp  pINSTALLEDAPPSp  precodekombu.transport.django, djcelery, codepre  palsop  precodeBROKERURL  django codepre  pHeres my taskp  precodesharedtask def test     sendmailnesamone bus, Files have been successfully generated., marijus.merkeviciusgmail.com,     [marijus.merkeviciusgmail.com], failsilentlyFalse codepre  pNow when I run locally codepython manage.py celerydcode locally and then run test.delay from shell locally it works.p  pNow Im trying to deploy my app. When with the exact same configuration I try to open python manage.py celeryd and in other window I open shell and run test task, it doesnt work.p  pIve also tried to setup background daemon like thisp  petcdefaultceleryd configurationp  precode Name of nodes to start, here we have a single node CELERYDNODESw1  or we could have three nodes CELERYDNODESw1 w2 w3   Where to chdir at start. CATMAID Django project dir. CELERYDCHDIRhometshirtnation   Python interpreter from environment. in CATMAID Django dir ENVPYTHONusrbinpython   How to call manage.py celerydmulti CELERYDMULTIENVPYTHON CELERYDCHDIRmanage.py celerydmulti   How to call manage.py celeryctl CELERYCTLENVPYTHON CELERYDCHDIRmanage.py celeryctl   Extra arguments to celeryd CELERYDOPTStimelimit300 concurrency1   Name of the celery config module. CELERYCONFIGMODULEceleryconfig   n will be replaced with the nodename. CELERYDLOGFILEvarlogceleryn.log CELERYDPIDFILEvarrunceleryn.pid   Workers should run as an unprivileged user. CELERYDUSERcelery CELERYDGROUPcelery   Name of the projects settings module. export DJANGOSETTINGSMODULEsettings codepre  pAnd I use default celery etcinit.dceleryd script. p  pSo basically it seems like celeryd starts but doesnt work. No idea how to debug this and what might be wrong.p  pLet me know if you need anything elsep
Negative 387 pNot sure if this is the right place to ask.p  pSay I write a shell that takes stdin input, filters this input so lets say only certain commands likep  ul lils list contents of binary directory and subdirectoryli liupdate git cloneli libuild go buildli litest go testli listart systemctl start this.service onlyli listop systemctl stop this.service onlyli lirunning is the binary being executed and with how many GOMAXPROCSli liusage memory, cpu usageli ligensvc generate .service fileli liexit leave shelllogoutli ul  pwork, you guessed it, Im trying to give a user only very limited maintenance access over ssh.p  pSay Im careful with code0code Id write it in Go anyway using bufio.Scannerp  pIs there any way to stop the running shell and execute binsh or similar or any way to get around this shellp  pThe idea is a user should push their stuff via git to a bare repo, this repo is cloned to the filesystem to a certain directory, then go build is called and the binary is ran with a systemd .service file that is generated previously.p  pThinking logically, if the user is only able to write certain strings that are accepted, no there is no way. But maybe you know of one, some ctrlz witchcraft  or whatever.p  pThe only attack surface is the input string or rather bytes. Of course the user could git push a program that builds its own shell or runs certain commands, but thats out of scope I would remove capabilities with systemd and restrict device access and forbid anything but the connection to the database server, private tmp and all, namespace and subnamespace it TODOp  pThe only problem I see is git pushing but Im sure I could work around that in a git only mode argv and adding it to .sshauthorizedkeys. something like codelish gitmodecode and execute stdin commands if they start with git or something like it.p  pExamplep  pa hrefhttpsgist.github.comdaluce2ef43a2ef5c390a819 relnofollowhttpsgist.github.comdaluce2ef43a2ef5c390a819ap
Negative 387 pIm not sure why this query is taking 4 minutes to completep  precodeSELECT      su.sid,u.uid,u.displayname,u.locale  FROM user u  LEFT JOIN subscriptionuser su ON su.uid  u.uid  ORDER BY u.displayname DESC  LIMIT 0,25 codepre  pWell, I know its due to the order, remove it and its very fast. If I change to using INNER JOIN instead its fast but the issue is not all users may be in the subscriptionuser table.p  precodeCREATE TABLE user    uid int11 NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,   password varchar100 DEFAULT NULL,   usertype varchar10 NOT NULL DEFAULT user,   displayname varchar50 NOT NULL,   email varchar100 NOT NULL,   locale varchar8 DEFAULT en,   lastlogin datetime DEFAULT NULL,   authtype varchar10 DEFAULT NULL,   authdata varchar500 DEFAULT NULL,   inactive tinyint4 NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,   receiveemail tinyint4 NOT NULL DEFAULT 1,   stateid int10 DEFAULT NULL,   ownergroupid int11 DEFAULT NULL,   signature varchar500 DEFAULT NULL,   rawsignature varchar500 DEFAULT NULL,   roundrobin smallint5 unsigned NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,   PRIMARY KEY uid,   UNIQUE KEY email email,   KEY stateid stateid USING BTREE,   KEY usertype usertype USING BTREE,   KEY name displayname  ENGINEInnoDB AUTOINCREMENT28343 DEFAULT CHARSETlatin1  CREATE TABLE subscriptionuser    sid varchar50 NOT NULL,   uid int11 NOT NULL,   deleted tinyint4 NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,   forumuser varchar50 NOT NULL,   PRIMARY KEY sid,uid  ENGINEInnoDB DEFAULT CHARSETlatin1 codepre
Negative 387 pIs there any way to do the masonry grid in css2 for a better browser compatibility p  pI know the way to do it with css3 attribute but I care about old browser. And masonry js plugin is too low to append the formatted grid.p  pThank you.p
Negative 387 pI am building an articles reading android application like TechChurn. I am fetching data from server in the form of json.p  pI am parsing title, author name and articlescontent from json and displaying it in listview.br The problem i am facing is that i need a toast when there is no response from server end means that if i request p
Negative 387 pIm looking to print the current date in Month name day, year format example October 3, 2014. I understand that I can get the current month in integer format with codeMonthDatecode or codeMonthNowcode, but I want to know how I would output the current month in text format.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to redirect the Window codeClosedcode event to my ViewModel, but lack the proper hands on experience with AttachedProperties. p  pThe class that holds the codeAttachedPropertycodep  precodepublic class WindowClosedBehavior      public static readonly DependencyProperty ClosedProperty  DependencyProperty.RegisterAttached         Closed,         typeof ICommand,         typeof WindowClosedBehavior,         new UIPropertyMetadataClosedChanged      private static void ClosedChanged         DependencyObject target,         DependencyPropertyChangedEventArgs e              var window  target as Window          if window  null                                           public static void SetClosedWindow target, ICommand value              target.SetValueClosedProperty, value       codepre  pHow can I implement the behavior so that it will close the window and trigger the codeRelayCommandcode p  hr  pThe stripped ViewModel p  precode    public RelayCommand WindowClosedCommand  get private set       public MainCommandsViewModel              WindowClosedCommand  new RelayCommandWindowClosedCommandOnExecuted, WindowClosedCommandOnCanExecute      codepre  pMainWindow.xamlp  precodeltWindow xClassTvShowManager.UserInterface.Views.MainWindow          lt left out irrelevant parts gt         xmlnscloseBehaviorsclrnamespaceTvShowManager.UserInterface.CloseBehaviors         closeBehaviorsWindowClosedBehavior.ClosedBinding WindowCloseCommand gt codepre  pI simply bind a codeRelayCommandcode WindowCloseCommand to the attached property.p  hr  pI tried debugging through this to get better understanding and hopefully figure out how to proceed, but no breakpoints are being hit in the class that holds my attached property. If anybody can explain why my code in codeWindowClosedBehaviorcode never gets executed I would also greatly appreciate the advice there.p  pI hope its clear what I am trying to achieve and that somebody can help me out.p  pMany thanksp
Negative 387 pI am trying to write some code to auto generate a bit of ASCII text based on input numbers. Basically the number input to the function would  get returned as the numbers magnified in ascii text. So an input of 0123456789 wold outputp  precode      codepre  pI coded each number line by line into an array and the code loops through the array for each number input and builds the combined end image. The generation part seems to be working properly, but for some reason my end variable is not properly available at the end, and the main loop only processes the first number of the input then stops. Any help is greatly appreciated a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netdmcuj2z5 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netdmcuj2z5ap  precodefunction printNumsline     var nums  [[12,03,03,03,12],[2,12,2,2,123],[012,3,12,0,0123],[012,3,12,3,012],[1,03,0123,3,3],[0123,0,012,3,012],[12,0,012,03,12],[0123,3,2,1,1],[12,03,12,03,12],[12,03,123,3,12]]      var answer  [,,,,,]     var allowed  0123456789     forvar i0iltline.lengthi         var num  line[i]         ifallowed.indexOfnum  1             forvar l0llt6l                     var print                   forvar c0clt5c                     ifnums[num][l].indexOfc  1                         print                       else                         print                                                        answer[l]  print                                alertanswer   printNums123 codepre
Negative 387 pIm making a button to instagram, when I click on it, it takes me directly from the browser, the thing is, I want it to go to the instagram application and if it wasnt in my mobile, it should go to the browser.p  pI tried two, both of them takes me directly to the browserp  pThe first codep  precodeinslink.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener   Override public void onClickView arg0     try       Uri uri  Uri.parsehttpinstagram.comnatgeo      Intent intent  new IntentIntent.ACTIONVIEW, uri      startActivityintent           catch Exception e           Uri uri  Uri.parsehttpinstagram.comnatgeo          Intent intent  new IntentIntent.ACTIONVIEW, uri          startActivityintent           codepre  pThe second codep  precodeinslink.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener   Override public void onClickView arg0      if uri.containshttpsi.instagram.com       String natgeo  natgeo         String uri  instagramPage  natgeo         Intent intent  new IntentIntent.ACTIONVIEW, Uri.parseuri         startActivityintent      else          String natgeo  natgeo         String uri  httpsi.instagram.com  natgeo         Intent i  new IntentIntent.ACTIONVIEW, Uri.parseuri         startActivityi                  codepre
Negative 387 pIve encountered a problem when creating a website using Ember.js.p  pIm using a hrefhttpsgithub.comrpflorenceembertools relnofollowEmbertoolsa when creating my Emberprojects.p  pI have these templatesp  ol liindex.hbsli lifood.hbsli liapplication.hbsli ol  pstrongapplication.hbsstrong p  precodepartial header outlet partial footer codepre  pWhen Im browsing on my codeindexRoutecode and clicks a link to the codefoodRoutecode everything looks fine, but when Im clicking a link to codeindexRoutecode from codefoodRoutecode, I get HTML from my codefood.hbscode at the bottom of the page. brbrThe more I navigate between these routes, the more clones of my codeltdiv classherogtltdivgtcode renders, on both routesp  pWhy is this happening  p
Negative 387 precodeltltheadergt ltnav classnavbar navbardefault toppostion navbarup rolenavigationgt   ltdiv classcontainerfluidgt lt Brand and toggle get grouped for better mobile display gt ltdiv classnavbarheadergt   ltbutton typebutton classnavbartoggle collapsed datatogglecollapse datatargetbsexamplenavbarcollapse1gt     ltspan classsronlygtToggle navigationltspangt     ltspan classiconbargtltspangt     ltspan classiconbargtltspangt     ltspan classiconbargtltspangt   ltbuttongt   lta classnavbarbrand hrefgtltimg srcimageskotakkuicon.pnggt Kotakkultagt ltdivgt  lt Collect the nav links, forms, and other content for toggling gt ltdiv classcollapse navbarcollapse idbsexamplenavbarcollapse1gt    ltul classnav navbarnav navbartabs navbarright navbarmenu role tablistgt     ltligtlta hrefhomegtHomeltagtltligt     ltligtlta hrefproductgtProductltagtltligt     ltligtlta hrefteamgtTeamltagtltligt     ltligtlta hrefcontactgtContactltagtltligt    ltulgt ltdivgtlt .navbarcollapse gt   ltdivgtlt .containerfluid gt ltnavgt codepre  pp  pHow to replace navbarup class with navbardown when scroll, and returns the class again when in scroll to the top of the pagep
Negative 387 pi have a program that uses javamail to retrieve messages from an exchange server using imap protocol then i process each messages that has been unseen.p  pRecently i have come across with the problem of the program throwing a nullpointerexception i know that this is do to a unitialized object that is invoking a method, but in this case it does not make any sense to me.p  pThe stacktrace of the exception is as followsp  precodejava.lang.NullPointerException at com.sun.mail.imap.IMAPFolder.handleResponseIMAPFolder.java1905 at com.sun.mail.iap.Protocol.notifyResponseHandlersProtocol.java135 at com.sun.mail.imap.protocol.IMAPProtocol.fetchBodyStructureIMAPProtocol.java617 at com.sun.mail.imap.IMAPMessage.loadBODYSTRUCTUREIMAPMessage.java1027 at com.sun.mail.imap.IMAPMessage.getContentTypeIMAPMessage.java321 at javax.mail.internet.MimeBodyPart.isMimeTypeMimeBodyPart.java802 at javax.mail.internet.MimeMessage.isMimeTypeMimeMessage.java851 at ctt.mail.FileHandler.putFilesFromMailFileHandler.java75 at ctt.mail.FileHandler.mainFileHandler.java37 codepre  paditionaly ive got the debug trace from the last processed message     A607 FETCH 202 FLAGSp  precode 202 FETCH FLAGS Seen  A607 OK FETCH completed.  A608 FETCH 202 ENVELOPE INTERNALDATE RFC822.SIZE   202 FETCH ENVELOPE Mon, 14 Jul 2014 153356 0100 iso88591QGPESE    PrE95FAvisodeExpediE7E3o SRS083ffd8147b51e3564Jsolicitador.netgpesesolicitador.net NIL SRS083ffd8147b51e3564Jsolicitador.netgpese solicitador.net NIL NIL iso88591QRECEC7C3OFICHEIROSCTTWINREG NIL cttwinreg ctt.pt caraujocaso.pt NIL caraujo caso.pt NIL NIL lt1890939061.7011405348433043.JavaMail.gpesesolicitador.netgt INTERNALDATE 14Jul2014 153358 0100 RFC822.SIZE 6462  A608 OK FETCH completed.  A609 FETCH 202 BODYSTRUCTURE   202 FETCH BODYSTRUCTURE text plain charset iso88591 NIL NIL quotedprintable 0 0 NIL NIL NIL NILtext xml name GPESE  GE369515.xml NIL GPESE  GE369515.xml base64 5202 67 NIL attachment filename GPESE  GE369515.xml size 3865 creationdate Mon, 14 Jul 2014 143358 GMT modificationdate Mon, 14 Jul 2014 143358 GMT NIL NIL mixed boundary 00218909390617011405348433043JavaMailgpesesolicitadornet NIL ptPT   24457 FETCH FLAGS Seen   24458 FETCH FLAGS Seen   24459 FETCH FLAGS Seen   24460 FETCH FLAGS Seen Recent   24461 FETCH FLAGS Seen Recent   24462 FETCH FLAGS Seen Recent  A609 OK FETCH completed. codepre  pthe line that is throwing the exception is in this case a debug line p  precodeSystem.out.printlnMensagem n.   i   de   new InternetAddress.toStringmessage[i].getFrom   com o assunto   message[i].getSubject   recebida em   new SimpleDateFormatddMMyyyy HHmmss.formatmessage[i].getReceivedDate  . Nova   msgFlags.containsjavax.mail.Flags.Flag.RECENT  . Tem attachments mixed   message[i].isMimeTypemultipartmixed  . Tem attachments alternative   message[i].isMimeTypemultipartalternative  . Tem attachments alternative   message[i].isMimeType  . O mime type 351   message[i].getContentType codepre  pSo the problem in this case is in one of the message[i].isMimeType but from my experience the exception can be thrown from another method such as message[i].getFlags.p  pIve tested message[i] for null and its not null, thats why i dont understand why the exception is been thrown.p  pAny help would be appreciated. Thanks.p  pedit Some additional stack trace exception that i have collectedp  precodejava.lang.NullPointerException at com.sun.mail.imap.IMAPFolder.handleResponseIMAPFolder.java1905 at com.sun.mail.iap.Protocol.notifyResponseHandlersProtocol.java135 at com.sun.mail.imap.protocol.IMAPProtocol.fetchFlagsIMAPProtocol.java745 at com.sun.mail.imap.IMAPMessage.loadFlagsIMAPMessage.java1093 at com.sun.mail.imap.IMAPMessage.getFlagsIMAPMessage.java704 at ctt.mail.FileHandler.putFilesFromMailFileHandler.java58   java.lang.NullPointerException at com.sun.mail.imap.IMAPFolder.handleResponseIMAPFolder.java1905 at com.sun.mail.imap.IMAPFolder.handleResponsesIMAPFolder.java1926 at com.sun.mail.imap.IMAPMessage.loadEnvelopeIMAPMessage.java985 at com.sun.mail.imap.IMAPMessage.getReceivedDateIMAPMessage.java278 at ctt.mail.FileHandler.putFilesFromMailFileHandler.java63 codepre
Negative 387 pI am having trouble with this. What I am trying to do is create a central git repository locally and then clone it to make a working copy. When I make changes to the clone and push the changes, I do not get any error in SourcTree but the changes does not get pushed. I dont see the change in the Central Repository.p  pI was getting various errors in the process, for example, SourceTree would complain this it executed codegit statuscode on centeral repositoryp  blockquote   pfatal This operation must be run in a work tree [duplicate]p blockquote  pI have to made my center repository bare, so that error goes away but still cant get codepushcode to work. I am not sure what is causing the problem. I experimented with it a bit but not successful. Is this something doable Am I doing something fundamentally wrong.p  pI do not to use host my central repository on clouds but I can move it to a difference PC. But I really want it both Center and Working copy on my own systemp
Negative 387 pWhen running make I have the following compilation errorp  pstrongbinsh 1 installedCoinAllincludecoin Permission deniedstrongp  pThis is the Makefilep  precode Pfarmer   EXEP OBJSmainfarmer.o modelfarmer.o paramfarmer.o pm.h  ADDLIBSD. ADDINCFLAGSI.  SRCDIRcoinprojects      CXXg CXXFLAGSO3 fomitframepointer pipe DNDEBUG pedanticerrors Wimplicit Wparentheses Wreturntype Wcastqual Wall Wpointerarith Wwritestrings Wconversion CXXLINKFLAGSWl,rpath Wl,installedCoinAlllib CCgcc CFLAGS03 fomitframepointer pipe DNDEBUG pedanticerrors Wimplicit Wparentheses Wsequencepoint Wreturntype Wcastqual Wall   COININCDIRinstalledCoinAllincludecoin    COINOR libs COINLIBDIRinstalledCoinAlllib    Clp LIBSLCOINLIBDIR lCbc lCgl lOsiClp lOsi lClp lCoinUtils lm  cat COINLIBDIRcgladdlibs.txt  cat COINLIBDIRclpaddlibs.txt  cat COINLIBDIRcoinutilsaddlibs.txt   INCLICYGPATHWCOININCDIRADDINCFLAGS  CYGPATHW     CLEANFILES addBits.o addBits  addColumns.o addColumns  addRows.o addRows  decompose.o decompose  defaults.o defaults  driver2.o driver2  driver.o driver  driverC.o driverC  dualCuts.o dualCuts  ekk.o ekk  ekkinterface.o ekkinterface  hello.o hello  makeDual.o makeDual  minimum.o minimum  network.o network  piece.o piece  rowColumn.o rowColumn  sprint2.o sprint2  sprint.o sprint  testBarrier.o testBarrier  testBasis.o testBasis  testGub2.o testGub2  testGub.o testGub  testQP.o testQP  useVolume.o useVolume   Part 3   all EXE .SUFFIXES .cpp .c .o .obj EXEOBJS bla for file in OBJS do blabla CYGPATHW file done  CXX CXXLINKFLAGS CXXFLAGS o  bla ADDLIBS LIBS         clean     rm rf CLEANFILES .cpp.o     CXX CXXFLAGS INCL c o  test f lt  echo SRCDIRlt .cpp.obj     CXX CXXFLAGS INCL c o  if test f lt then CYGPATHW lt else CYGPATHW SRCDIRlt fi .c.o     CC CFLAGS INCL c o  test f lt  echo SRCDIRlt .c.obj     CC CFLAGS INCL c o  if test f lt then CYGPATHW lt else CYGPATHW SRCDIRlt fi codepre  pI have set the permissions as rwx for installedCoinAllincludecoin and for all of its files.p  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pI read some note about Automaton Course. i see this note, that following all is the same. but i think the Lg is not equal to NFA and regular expression. anyone could help me with defining the language of this figures nfa, regular expression and grammarp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comlFPFO.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pIve already read a few questionanswer pairings on Stack, all of which advocate wrapping your overflowing content element inside of a different codedivcode element in order to make it look like the scrollbar from the first element has been offset from its right edge. The below question illustrates my goal graphically a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6719895csspossibletopushwebkitscrollbarsintocontentCSS Possible to quotpushquot Webkit scrollbars into contenta.p  precodeltdiv classcolxs10 colxsoffset1 dropdown idfilter1gt   ltbutton classbtn btndefault dropdowntoggle btnblock typebutton datatoggledropdowngt         Button Name   ltbuttongt   ltdiv classformattingwrappergt   ltul classdropdownmenu rolemenu arialabelledbydropdownMenu1gt     ltli rolepresentation classdiscmenu filtergtlta rolemenuitemgtOption 1ltagtltligt     ltli rolepresentation classdiscmenu filtergtlta rolemenuitemgtOption 2ltagtltligt   ltulgt   ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pSo when I wrap the above codeltulgtcode element inside of an extra div code.formattingwrappercode, it does allow me to create the illusion that Ive offset the scrollbar. p  pMy problem is that the toggle button no longer functions properly It will open and close correctly, but only once. After that it retains the codefocuscode  codeopencode border and will not deactivate or open a second time. Essentially it freezes. p  pWhat can I do if I want to retain the scrollbar formatting AND keep BS working as intended I tried to look into the codedropdown.jscode for BS but Im kindof a javascript novice.p  pCheersp  pstrongEditstrong Here is a working example of my problem in a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netVercingetorix3334hcdk25a3 relnofollowFiddlea.p
Negative 387 pIve got a basic viewport model setup here and I want to change the material of the object after the object has already been created. How can I do thisp  precode    ltViewport3D xNameviewport Grid.Row1gt         ltViewport3D.Cameragt             ltPerspectiveCamera xNamecamera FarPlaneDistance50 NearPlaneDistance0 LookDirection0,0,10 UpDirection0,1,0 Position0,0,3 FieldOfView45 gt         ltViewport3D.Cameragt          ltModelVisual3D xNamemodelgt             ltModelVisual3D.Contentgt                 ltModel3DGroup xNamestagegt                     ltAmbientLight ColorDarkGray gt                     ltDirectionalLight ColorWhite Direction5,5,7 gt                 ltModel3DGroupgt             ltModelVisual3D.Contentgt         ltModelVisual3Dgt     ltViewport3Dgt codepre  pAfter creating my geometry I then put it into a variable which gets passed to the viewport.p  precode        private GeometryModel3D mGeometry           Basic brush         mtl  new DiffuseMaterialBrushes.DarkCyan           Geometry creation         mGeometry  new GeometryModel3Dmesh, mtl         mGeometry.Transform  new Transform3DGroup         stage.Children.AddmGeometry codepre  pWhat Id like now is to be able to change the material without recreating the 3d model. But the code below doesnt work.p  precode    private void MenuItemClickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e              mGeometry.material  new DiffuseMaterialBrushes.Red      codepre
Negative 387 pIm try to append a video container or just div element with text into a page using HTML5 a hrefhttpwww.turnjs.com relnofollowturn.jsa in a hrefhttpwww.turnjs.comsamplesmagazine1 relnofollowmagazine examplea.br When I a hrefhttpturnjs.comconfirmdownload5396f77366f55turnjs4.zip relnofollowdownloada it from the site, into this magazine example I have a JSON file, which add some object on the page they are links, zoom effect or turntopage. Im trying to do something like this, strongbutstrong with video or just text, which is on the page.p  pI try add something like thisp  precode.magazine.turndata.pageObjs[7].appendltp stylepositionabsolute top20px left 20px fontsize 16px color000 gtsdfsdfsltpgt codepre  pMy JSON file is like thisp  precode[ x100, y390, width330, height190, classvideo, data              url videomyvideo.mp4      codepre  p ]p  pIm calling class video in magazine.js into function processRegionp  precodecase video          window.opendata.url, self break codepre
Negative 387 pOperating System Macp  pSo I was trying to install Grunt by typing the following into my terminal through codeusrlocalbincode p  precodenpm install g gruntcli codepre  pBut I get this as a resultp  precodeError EACCES, mkdir usrlocallibnodemodulesgruntcli npm ERR   [Error EACCES, mkdir usrlocallibnodemodulesgruntcli] npm ERR   errno 3, npm ERR   code EACCES, npm ERR   path usrlocallibnodemodulesgruntcli, npm ERR   fstreamtype Directory, npm ERR   fstreampath usrlocallibnodemodulesgruntcli, npm ERR   fstreamclass DirWriter, npm ERR   fstreamstack  npm ERR    [ usrlocallibnodemodulesnpmnodemodulesfstreamlibdirwriter.js3623, npm ERR      usrlocallibnodemodulesnpmnodemodulesmkdirpindex.js4653, npm ERR      Object.oncomplete fs.js10715 ]  npm ERR  npm ERR Please try running this command again as rootAdministrator.  npm ERR System Darwin 13.4.0 npm ERR command node usrlocalbinnpm install g gruntcli npm ERR cwd usrlocalbin npm ERR node v v0.10.32 npm ERR npm v 1.4.28 npm ERR path usrlocallibnodemodulesgruntcli npm ERR fstreampath usrlocallibnodemodulesgruntcli npm ERR fstreamtype Directory npm ERR fstreamclass DirWriter npm ERR code EACCES npm ERR errno 3 npm ERR stack Error EACCES, mkdir usrlocallibnodemodulesgruntcli npm ERR fstreamstack usrlocallibnodemodulesnpmnodemodulesfstreamlibdirwriter.js3623 npm ERR fstreamstack usrlocallibnodemodulesnpmnodemodulesmkdirpindex.js4653 npm ERR fstreamstack Object.oncomplete fs.js10715 npm ERR  npm ERR Additional logging details can be found in npm ERR     usrlocalbinnpmdebug.log npm ERR not ok code 0 codepre  p...and that doesnt look too happy Can anyone help me out herep  pNote I also initially tried doing it from just my codeusrcode, without the codelocalbincode but that came up with errors too.p
Negative 387 pI have to write a program that will calculate the value of e to a given tolerance. I must have a separate file for the function that calculate e and i must only use global variables. I cant pass anything back from my function. I am getting the same answers for my output every time, i dont think i am using global variables or calling my function right Sorry in advance for the possible improper formatting for code on here. p  precodeincludeltiomanipgt includeltiostreamgt includeltcmathgt includeltstringgt  using namespace std  void finde double tol  0 double e double euler  2.718281828459045 double diff string ans  yes   int main    whileans  yes    coutltltThis program will estimate the value of Eulers number to your desired toleranceltltendlltltendl coutltltPlease input your tolerance  cingtgttol systemcls  iftol gt 0.0           finde          coutltltThe new value of e is ltltfixedltltsetw12ltltsetprecision10ltlteltltendl         coutltltThe actual value of e is ltltfixedltltsetw12ltltsetprecision10ltlteulerltltendl         coutltltThe difference is ltltfixedltltsetw12ltltsetprecision10ltltdiffltltendl   else      coutltltYou cant have a negative toleranceltltendlltltendl   coutltltWould you like to run this again yes for yes, any other key for nonn cingtgtans  systempause  return 0   codepre  pand here is my function in separate filep  precodeincludeltiomanipgt includeltiostreamgt includeltcmathgt includeltstringgt using namespace std   extern double e double newe extern double diff int n  1 extern double tol  void finde    do               e  n,11n          diff  absnewe  e          newe  e         n             whilediffgttol     return   codepre
Negative 387 pIve got about 100k gzipped JSON files that together equal about 100GB. All the files are in the same directory. Im running this locally on my mac os x.p  pI have several different patterns to match, and have tried running the command a variety of ways, but they all take hours to complete. p  pI started with this command, pulling from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12324063findastringinmultiplefilesusinggrepherea and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21549038zgrepmultiplegzfilesindirectoryhereap  precodefind . name .gz  xargs zgrep pattern gtgt results.json codepre  pThis works fine, but takes about 4 hours to complete.p  pI tried to parallelize it with one or more patternsp  precodefind . name .gz  parallel zgrep pattern gtgt resultsmelanys.json  find . name .gz  parallel zgrep e pattern1 e pattern2 e pattern3 e pattern4 gtgt resultsmelanys.json codepre  pThese do indeed spawn multiple zgrep processes, but most of the time theyre idle and they dont seem to run any faster in the single pattern solution, and the multiple pattern solution was running for 8 hours before I decided to shut it down.p  pI hadnt though that zgrep would really take this long  my hope was to zgrep the relevant lines out of this data set and then plug those into a structure more suitable for analysis, maybe a local database.p  pIs there a way to speed up zgrep p
Negative 387 pI have downloaded a sourcerer plugin which allows me to insert php codes directly into the article so that i can make my own form in article.p  pI have an article which contains the form and a submit button, the form has the action  results . Next, I have a hidden menu in which contains my menu item with the alias results, it is linked to my other article which contains the code for processing the form inputs, inserts the info into the database and outputs the entered info aswell. p  pThe problem is when I click submit, I go to a page with 404 error and it says the page doesnt exist. The url at this moment is localhostnewwebsiteindex.phpresults.p  pThe interesting part is that when I click the url address bar and click enter or just directly type in the url localhostnewwebsiteindex.phpresults, i can see the results page. But i cannot see the user entered info as the values are undefined due to 404 error while submitting.p  pMy codes have no problem, In order to test,  I have made 2 php files, form.php and formresults.php. I have tried to use the form and the data is successfully stored in database and results are displayed.p  pHow can i fix this problem in joomla p
Negative 387 pI am new to PHP and Mysql programming and I would like to know if I can access another database row when showing data in a form.p  pHere is the code p  precodemysqlhost       mysqldatabase   mysqluser       mysqlpassword    con  mysqliconnectmysqlhost, mysqluser, mysqlpassword, mysqldatabase  result   mysqliquerycon, SELECT  FROM Elev WHERE Clasa   . SESSION[clasa] .  ORDER BY Nume ASC  result2  mysqliquerycon, SELECT  FROM MProfesori WHERE ID   . SESSION[IDp] .    while row2  mysqlifetcharrayresult2      while row  mysqlifetcharrayresult          echo ltselectgt                 ltoption value . row2[Materia] . gt . row2[Materia] . ltoptiongt                 ltoption value . row2[Materia] . gt . row2[Materia] . ltoptiongt              ltselectgt       codepre  pIn the second option codeltoption value . row2[Materia] . gt . row2[Materia] . optiongtcode I would like to access the next database row, not this one. Is this possiblep
Negative 387 pplease i will like to know how to change some bytes in the Request for answer select command RATS that the reader sends to a card during initialization phase. At the moment my NFC reader acr122u send an FSD byte of 5 in the RATS command, and after some research i found out that FSD with a value of 5 means that the terminal only accepts frame sizes with a max size of 64bits and i need to send more than that in one apdu. Could someone please helpp
Negative 387 pI am new to MySQL I am using SAS, and my brain is twisted in SAS style. So, even I think I saw people asked questions similar to mine, I still cannot make sense out of the answers they received. I apologize for it.p  pI have 2 tables p  pfilmcategory containing columns  p  precodecategoryid,filmid, codepre  p, filmactor containing columns p  precodeactorid, filmid. codepre  pI joined them on filmidp  p. The question is     What are the most popular actors in each film category There are 16 categories, 200 actors, 1000 films.p  precodeSELECT filmactor.actorid,MAXCOUNTactorid FROM filmactor JOIN filmcategory  ON filmactor.filmid  filmcategory.filmid GROUP BY filmcategory codepre  pSure enough, Ive got error 1111, as soon as I added MAX... Please let me know, if my question is not clear. Thank you Verap
Negative 387 pCurrently i am working on Mobile Apps using PhoneGap Cordova 2.2, JQuery and Javascript. Landing Page is Login Page. So once i entered into Dashboard Page using login credentials, when i click the strongBACK BUTTONstrong its returns to the login page not stay on dashboard page. What can i do Suggestions welcome.p  pIve tried,p  h2SCRIPTh2  precodeltheadgt ltscript typetextjavascript charsetutf8 srccordova2.2.0.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript charsetutf8gt   Call onDeviceReady when Cordova is loaded.   At this point, the document has loaded but cordova2.2.0.js has not.  When Cordova is loaded and talking with the native device,  it will call the event deviceready.  function onLoad      document.addEventListenerdeviceready, onDeviceReady, false    Cordova is loaded and it is now safe to call Cordova methods  function onDeviceReady       Register the event listener     document.addEventListenerbackbutton, onBackKeyDown, false    Handle the back button  function onBackKeyDown      alertBack Button Clicked called the alert..checking   ltscriptgt codepre  pp  h2HTMLh2  precodeltbody onloadonLoadgt ltbodygt codepre  pMy onDeviceReady and onBackKeyDown Function not working  Fired. Am i missing somethingp  pThanks in Advancep  pKARTHIK Np
Negative 387 pI have made some migration files in Laravel. When I type codephp artisan migratecode  in my terminal, everything goes fine. If I want to rollback all the migrations, I type codephp artian migraterefreshcode, and I get an errorp  precode[ErrorException]                                                              includeApplicationsXAMPPxamppfileshtdocsapidashboardv2appdatabase  migrations20141003113254creategroupsusertable.php failed to open stream No such file or directory. codepre  pThe name if the file was code20141003113254creategroupsusertable.phpcode but I changed it to code20141003113254creategroupusertable.phpcodewithout the s by group. p  pAfter I changed the filename, I removed my database manually and created al the tables again, with the migration files.p  pI do not understand why I still get this errorp
Negative 387 pIs there a way to disable this during INSERTDELETEp  pSituation I have a masterDB and a library1DB and library2DB.p  plibrary1DB and library2DB are two separate database but has the same schema because each library must have their own database.  Now we have a masterDB, this is an aggregated version of all the data in all libraries library1DB and library2DB, still taking note of their respective ids and mapping them to their library id.p  pHeres the structure of my book model in masterDBp  pBook.javap  precodeId GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.AUTO private long masterId  Column private long id  Column private String title  OneToManycascade  CascadeType.ALL, fetch  FetchType.LAZY, mappedBy  book private ListltBookCoverHistorygt bookCoverHistory  ManyToOnefetch  FetchType.LAZY JoinColumnname  LIBRARYID private Library library codepre  pThis is all good and well.p  pHowever in my BookCoverHistory when Im inserting a data, Im getting the exception below.p  pBookCoverHistory.javap  precode    Id     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.AUTO     private long masterId      Column     private long id      ManyToOnefetch  FetchType.LAZY     JoinColumnname  BOOKID     private Book book      Column     private String desc codepre  pHeres the exceptionp  precodecom.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLIntegrityConstraintViolationException Cannot add or update a child row a foreign key constraint fails masterdb.bookcoverhistory, CONSTRAINT FK10ggatm9ptqayo4naj23329rc FOREIGN KEY bookid REFERENCES book masterid codepre  pSo I thought, I just disable the constraints since Im not very specific to them as Im just aggregating the data on my libraries to my masterDB and would not do CRUD operations manually but just through the syncing process.p
Negative 387 pI generated the code using the Cordova 4.0.0 CLI.p  pNow I try to write a Plugin for Android MyPlugin to execute native code from the webview. But everytime i try to call the plugins method I receive the errormessagep  pstrongexec call to unknown pluginstrongp  pI tried different mappings in the config.xml and also created a plugin.xml. But nothing works for me. Also the API is not very helpful.p  pHas anybody an idea how to realize this or what is wrong with my implementationp  pHere is my codep  pstrongcom.cordovaDemo.MyPlugin.javastrongp  precodepublic class MyPlugin extends CordovaPlugin  Override     public void initializeCordovaInterface cordova, CordovaWebView webView          super.initializecordova, webView            Override     public boolean executeString action, JSONArray args, CallbackContext callbackContext throws JSONException          MyCode         callbackContext.successaction         return true      codepre  pstrongindex.htmlstrongp  precodeltheadgt ... ltscript typetextjavascript srccordova.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsindex.jsgtltscriptgt  lttitlegtHello Worldlttitlegt   ltscriptgt     window.func  functionstr,callback         cordova.execcallback, functionerralerterr,MyPlugin,echo, [str]          function callPluginstr         window.funcstr,function             alertDone                ltscriptgt  ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltdiv classappgt          ltdiv iddeviceready classblinkgt             lta onclickcallPluginTestgtClick meltagt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt  ltbodygt codepre  pp  pstrongconfig.xmlstrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltwidget idcom.touristmobile.cordovaDemo version0.0.1 xmlnshttpwww.w3.orgnswidgets xmlnscdvhttpcordova.apache.orgns1.0gt     ltnamegtCordovaDemoltnamegt     ...     ltcontent srcindex.html gt     ltaccess origin gt      ltplatform nameandroidgt     ltconfigfile targetconfig.xml parentgt         ltfeature nameMyPlugingt             ltparam nameandroidpackage valuecom.cordovaDemo.MyPlugingt         ltfeaturegt     ltconfigfilegt ltplatformgt codepre  pp  h2Edith2  pOk I think that now I understand the main idea of cordova plugins. A cordova plugin is independent from the generated Android Wrapper app. p  pIn my case a cordova Webview should be an extension of my existing Android App, and the Webview should call functions and displayed information from the main app. In short Is it possible to call functions located in classes on the same level as my CordovaActivityp
Negative 387 pThis is the nested route that i have created in ember.p  precodeApp.Router.mapfunction  this.resourcemakes, function    this.resourcemodel, path divisionid, function      this.resourcezip, path modelid        this.resourcespec, path makesdivisionidmodelidzipcode  codepre  pIn the ziproute when i log the params this is the output im getting.p  precodeObject modelid ILX  codepre  pBut the url for zip route is like makesAcuraILX. So i should be getting the both divisionid and modelid.p  pIm unable to get divisionid in params.p  pExample app is done at  a hrefhttpjsbin.comjujene36edit relnofollowhttpjsbin.comjujene36editap
Negative 387 pI have a database represented very simplified as the following. p  precodeNAME                    BOSS                            TYPE  TestPerson1             TestBoss1                       1 TestPerson1             TestBoss2                       1 TestPerson1             TestBoss3                       1 TestPerson1             TestBoss1                       2 codepre  pHow do I get the name and boss when type is 2 even if exists type 1p  pI know I should use case and exists clauses, but Im lost how to do that.p  pFor that values, Id like the query to returnp  precodeTestPerson1             TestBoss2                       1 TestPerson1             TestBoss3                       1 TestPerson1             TestBoss1                       2 codepre
Negative 387 pI have a program where multiple jobs are launched in background mode and they all process a certain method  SAVEDATA  in the processing flow of the program. There is a separate identifier for each job and at a given time only one identifier can process the code within the SAVEDATA method . So how do I restrict the other jobs from  processing this method if each of the job is independent and exclusive but have only this dependency that at a given point only one identifier can process this method.  p  pI tried obtaining an exclusive lock on a table at the start of the SAVEDATA method and releasing at the end of the method. This works fine except in scenarios where all the background jobs launched end up at the check point at the same time. This is a very high possibility and the lock logic goes for a toss .  Is there something else I can do in the above scenario to GUARANTEE than the  SAVEDATA method is processed one at a time across different processes  p  pKindly let me know if you need more information . p  pSo heres the pseudologic am using to obtain the lock at the start of the method . p  precodecheckflag  X .  while checkflag is not initial .    call function ENQUEUEREAD     exporting      gclient                      symandt      gname                        RSTABLE     GARG                                guname                       syuname     LOCAL                              FAST                               GARGNOWC                        IMPORTING    NUMBER                             SUBRC                           tables   enq                           ltseqg3  EXCEPTIONS    COMMUNICATIONFAILURE           1    SYSTEMFAILURE                  2   .  if ltseqg3[] is initial . implies no lock obtained by any identifier .    clear checkflag .  obtain the lock for the table UNIQUETABLEWITHIDENTIFIER with the current identifier as key    lvkey  UNIQUEIDENTIFIER    call function ENQUEUEETABLE   exporting     moderstable          E     tabname               UNIQUETABLEWITHIDENTIFIER      varkey                lvkey     xtabname                   xvarkey                    scope                2     wait                       collect                  exceptions     foreignlock          1     systemfailure        2     .  endif. ltsome logging gt  endwhile. codepre  pQuestion  Is there a way to prevent multiple IDENTIFIERS from obtaining the lock  All the IDENTIFIERS are in different background jobs simultaneously launched and seems to end up at the check point at the same time so the ENQUEUEREAD seems to not work as desired . p
Negative 387 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com5hwvF.jpg altenter image description hereAttached the code that I am using for Pop Up Modal window which generates two close buttonsp  pI am trying to hide the Close button generated from iFrame. p  precode   jQuerydocument.body.appendltdiv iddialogDivWindowgtltdivgt     jQuerydialogDivWindow.htmlltiframe iddialogFrameWindow width900      height500 marginWidth0 marginHeight0 frameBorder0 closeno      srcaboutblank gt     jQuerydialogDivWindow.dialog           height auto,     width 950,     modal true,     resizable false,     draggable false,     autoOpen false,     buttons[                                text Close,                  icons  primary uiiconclosethick ,                  id closebtn,                  click function                        var this  jQuerythis                       this.dialogclose                                            ],     open function                  jQuerythis.closest.uidialog.find                 .uidialogtitlebarclose.removeClass                 uidialogtitlebarclose.html                 ltspan classfa fatimes falggtltspangt                 jQuerydialogFrameWindow.attrsrc, url   jQuerydialogDivWindow.dialogopen codepre  pThis Modal Pop Up generates two Close Buttons.p  pHow can I avoid the close button which generates from iFrame.p  pIn Picture I would like to hide the first Close button.p  panything can be done using Jqueryp
Negative 387 pI am programming a board game and I want to check if a move is possible. To do that, I need to check if the position player is moving to is empty or has a possible value. However, I dont know how can I do that without returning true or false.p  pExample Imagine you have this matrix, which represents a boardp  precode[ [vv,vv,vv,vv,p1]     [vv,aa,vv,vv,vv]     [vv,vv,aa,vv,vv]     [vv,p2,aa,vv,vv]] codepre  pI want to move p2 to aa, which is not empty but it is a possible move. How can I check if its a possible move I have a procedure to get the element at a specific position, and I am trying to implement the procedure that checks if position I am moving at is a possible one.p  pCurrent codep  precodeelementAtLine, 1, Y, Element nth0Y, Line, Element. elementAt[LineTail], X, Y, Element      Y gt 1,     Y1 is Y1,    elementAtTail, X, Y, Element.  checkPositionBoard, X, Y    elementAtBoard, X, Y, Element, codepre  pNow, at checkPosition, I want to check if Element equals to vv or aa. How can I do thatp
Negative 387 pI have some downloadupload ruby scripts. I want to run those ruby scripts using schedulers. So for that I need to create a couple of daemonsschedulers to download stats from various providers and to upload stats to Mysql. p  pCan anyone suggest better options gems for this that might make sense in Rubyp  pI want to run daemon and after a daemon starts, it will read the config file and then basically run forever doing whatever tasks it is supposed to do. The daemons should be able to wake up periodically to do things, should be able to wake up at specific times. The daemons should also be able to watch for file system changes like the uploader should watch for creation of new fileswhich are ready to upload under the download path to know it has work to do. The daemons should keep a log file of the major actions they do and failures they encounter. I want some kind of Ruby librariestools that help out with this as much as possible.p  pLet me suggest what kind of options are available.p  pCurrently Im trying with a hrefhttpsgithub.comtomykairaclockwork relnofollowhttpsgithub.comtomykairaclockworka gem. But Im stucked at how can I watch files using daemon processp
Negative 387 pI have a table with a horizontonal scrollbar for many columns and a bootstrap style dropdown linked to a piece of text on each row. When I click the text to activate the dropdown, the bottom part of the dropdown is hidden as it is positioned underneath the outter div. How can I change the CSS on the dropdown so the dropdown will show up in the same location but on top of the div.p  precodeltdiv styleoverflowxscroll width1000pxgt   lttable stylewidth1500pxgt     lttrgt       lttdgt...lttdgt       lttdgt...lttdgt       lttdgt         ltdiv classdropdown styledisplayinline paddingleft10pxgt           ltul classdropdownmenu rolemenu arialabelledbydLabel stylemargintop10px padding10px width250pxgt             lt imagetag googleicon.png, style gt margintop10px gt           ltulgt         ltdivgt       lttdgt       lttdgt...lttdgt     lttrgt   lttablegt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 387 pI have been struggled with Youtube API and now I am stuck.p  pWhat I did isp  ol licreate a project at google developers consolea hrefhttpsconsole.developers.google.com relnofollowhttpsconsole.developers.google.comali lienabled YouTube Data API v3 img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIziDJ.jpg altenter image description hereli ligenerate api key of iOS. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXlHxk.jpg altenter image description hereli liaccess to a hrefhttpswww.googleapis.comyoutubev3searchkey relnofollowhttpswww.googleapis.comyoutubev3searchkeyaAPI KEYamppartidampqsoccer by web browser and got the error message img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comB9Yme.jpg altenter image description hereli ol  pAm I missing something I have read many questions but I cannot solved yet.p
Negative 387 pI have correctly enabled CORS support on Amazon Cloudfront so that my static images can be used as WebGL textures.p  pI also then request the images via javascriptp  precodevar image  new Image image.crossOrigin  Anonymous image.onload  function     Do stuff here  image.src  url codepre  pHowever, when requesting the images via CORS, browser caching doesnt appear to work correctly, at least not in the same manner as it does when it is disabled.p  pMy app is an extremely image heavy single page app, with all requestspage changes being driven by ajax principles.  With CORS disabled, navigating through the site is extremely fast when images are already cached by the browser.  pressing the forwardback browser buttons results in near instantaneous response.p  pHowever, with CORS enabled, the browser seems to always contact the server for each and every image.  Even if they are already in the browsers cache.  The requests dont actually redownload the assets, however the codewaitingcode time as shown in Firebugs network profiler for each request is very noticeable, indicating that cloudfront is being hit and checked for every request, even if they are in the browsers cache.p  pIs there anyway to modify this so that I can have the same browser caching behaviour as when the images are requested without CORSp
Negative 387 pI try to modify the form of UserVoice.p  pHere the html code of the widget p  precodeltarticle classwidget largewidgetgt     ltdiv classviewport verticallayout dataviewport styleheight 325pxgt     ltsection classpane instantanswersomniboxinputpane styledisplay blockgt     ....          ltformgt              ltdiv classpanebody styletop 48px bottom 119px height 158pxgt                 ltdiv datastretchvertical styleheight 158pxgt                     lttextarea                           placeholderGive feedback or ask for help                           dataautofocus                           datasearchinput                           classtextbox textarea fullwidth fullheightgt                     lttextareagt                 ltdivgt            ltdivgt             ....          ltformgt      ltsectiongt      ltdivgt ltarticlegt codepre  pI want to modify the placeholder of textarea, but Its impossible to access it.p  pExemple p  precodejQuerytextarea.attrclass   gt   ltnothinggt   otherwise textbox codepre  pThanksp
Negative 387 pSay I have a route setup like so p  precodethis.resourceprojects, function   this.resourceproject,  path projectprojectid , function   ... codepre  pCurrently, I use the ProjectIndexController to display information for the project but if I set ProjectController as an ItemController in the ProjectsController, the model for ProjectIndexController is no longer set.p  pI can reference the data from a computed property but it wont take as the modelcontent for the ProjectIndexController even if I set it in the ProjectIndex route. p  pAm I missing something obviousp
Negative 387 pIve created a small piece of code which draws a 3D cube in my SWT application allowing to rotate it. p  pNow, I want to change each faceside of the cube and draw a different image on it, but I cant find how to do it or at least, in an easy way, if thats possible.p  pI was able to change the complete texture of the cube to an image, but it change all the faces and I want to set a different image to each face. Is this possible Any code examplep  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI need to bind the value of a property of a domain model which gets loaded into a view model to the content of a control on my shell view, however it isnt working at all Content stays blank. How can I fix this Does the domain model need to implement INotifyPropertyChanged toop  h3ShellViewModelh3  precodepublic class ShellViewModel  ConductorltProjectViewModelgt.Collection.OneActive, IShell       public ShellViewModel          ActivateItemnew ProjectViewModelnew Project  ProjectName  Test         codepre  h3ShellView tab controlh3  precodeltTabControl xNameItemsgt         ltTabControl.ItemTemplategt             ltDataTemplategt                 ltTextBlock TextBinding ActiveItem.Project.ProjectName gt             ltDataTemplategt         ltTabControl.ItemTemplategt ltTabControlgt codepre  h3ProjectViewModelh3  precodepublic class ProjectViewModel  Screen       private Project project      public Project Project              get  return project          private set                      project  value             NotifyOfPropertyChange gt project                    public ProjectViewModelProject project              Project  project          codepre  h3Projecth3  precodepublic class Project       public string ProjectName  get set    codepre
Negative 387 pI have the following Modelsp  pUserp  precodeclass User lt ActiveRecordBase   ...   attraccessible email    hasmany ingredients, classname Ingredient, foreignkey createdby end codepre  pIngredientp  precodeclass Ingredient lt ActiveRecordBase  ...  attraccessible createdby   belongsto user end codepre  pI created one ingredient and it has the createdby field populated. If I dop  precodegt u  User.find1 gt u.ingredients.size gt 1 codepre  pSo the relationship is working But if I dop  precodeIngrendient.last.createdby.email codepre  pI get the following errorp  precode1.9.3p362 012 gt Ingredient.last.createdby.email Ingredient Load 0.3ms  SELECT ingredients. FROM ingredients ORDER BY ingredients.id DESC    LIMIT 1 NoMethodError undefined method email for 1Fixnum from irb12 from Usersandreucasadella.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p362gemsrailties3.2.11librailscommandsconsole.rb47in start from Usersandreucasadella.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p362gemsrailties3.2.11librailscommandsconsole.rb8in start from Usersandreucasadella.rvmgemsruby1.9.3p362gemsrailties3.2.11librailscommands.rb41in lttop requiredgt from scriptrails6in require from scriptrails6in ltmaingt codepre  pWhyp
Negative 387 pI have a MYSQL table structured like thisp  p1st column codeidcodep  p2nd column codedatecodep  p3rd column codeinteger valuecodep  pThe date can vary from 20100101 to 20141220 for example.p  pIn the PHP code i have defined two variables in codeYmd formatcode, lets say the values arep  precodefirstdate  20111017  lastdate  20141104 codepre  pHow can I get the sum of the values from the 3rd column for each month in the interval defined by the codefirstdatecode and codelastdatecode p
Negative 387 pI have some C code in my OS X project that allocates an array thuslyp  precodeC  p  new C[lengthHint  2] codepre  pThis is in a template class codeCcode is codeunsigned shortcode. codelengthHintcode is 1. This is all irrelevant. The error I get at runtime isp  precodemalloc  error for object 0x60800000c4f0 Invalid pointer dequeued from free list  set a breakpoint in mallocerrorbreak to debug codepre  pIt appears codemalloccode is failing because a previous call to codefreecode freed something that wasnt valid. But it seems like codefreecode wouldve complained about that at the time.p  pObviously there are millions of codemallocfreecode and codenewdeletecode calls being executed and this same code is running without issues in other programs running on iOS and OS X. Im not sure how to approach debugging this and am looking for suggestions.p
Negative 387 pI am looking for a lightweight healthcheck using sqlalchemy engine when connected to mysql. Is there a method available at the pool level to check whether the all the connections in the pool all are validp
Negative 387 pWhen I follow steps on Data visualization with D3.js, I meet some problems.  When i create a folder where has a file named codepackage.jsoncode which containsp  precode               name d3projecttemplate,               version  0.1.0,               description  Ready to go d3 data visualization project temple,              keywords[data visualization,d3],              homepage ltproject home pagegt,              author nameyour name,urlyour url,              repositorytypegit,urlsource repo url,              dependenciesd33.x,              devDependencies uglifyjs 2.x              codepre  pand when I get into the folder and type the command codenpm installcodep  precodepri17pri17LenovoV480 sudo su  [sudo] password for pri17   rootpri17LenovoV480homepri17 cd homepri17D3pro  rootpri17LenovoV480homepri17D3pro npm install  npm WARN package.json d3projecttemplate0.1.0 No README data  npm WARN package.json d3projecttemplate0.1.0 homepage field must start with a protocol. codepre
Negative 387 pIm developing an wen application that uses spring like IoC container. Now Im getting the following problem when I try to remove an object through the entity manager.p  pThis is my servicep  precode    Service     public class MyServiceImpl implements MyService       PersistenceContext     EntityManager em      public void testDelete          Query q3em.createQueryselect obj FROM MyObject obj         ListltMyObjectgt loadedObjsq3.getResultList         forMyObject rel  loadedObjs             em.removerel  Here I get the exception                 codepre  pI also add p  blockquote   pMyObject mergedObject  em.mergerelp blockquote  pbefore to call the remove method and  neither this works. All works only If I add the Transaction annotation.p  precode    Service     public class MyServiceImpl implements MyService       PersistenceContext     EntityManager em       TransactionalpropagationPropagation.REQUIRED     public void testDelete          Query q3em.createQueryselect obj FROM MyObject obj         ListltMyObjectgt loadedObjsq3.getResultList         forMyObject rel  loadedObjs             em.removerel  Now Im able to remove the object                 codepre  pThen I thought that the problem could be thw way in that spring manages the EntityManagers lifecycle. This is my entity manager definitionp  precodeltbean identityManagerFactory     classorg.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean     ppersistenceUnitNameMyUnit     pjpaVendorAdapterrefeclipseLinkJpaVendorAdaptergt     ltproperty namejpaPropertyMapgt         ltmapgt             ltentry keyeclipselink.cache.shared.default valuefalse gt             ltentry keyeclipselink.weaving valuefalse gt         ltmapgt     ltpropertygt     ltproperty nameloadTimeWeavergt         ltbean             classorg.springframework.instrument.classloading.InstrumentationLoadTimeWeaver gt     ltpropertygt ltbeangt codepre  pAny suggestion about thisp
Negative 387 pI have an index.html, that is the directory root of the vhost. Parallel there is an symfony application.p  pI want to have the index.html as the root when codeexample.comcode or codeexample.comcode ist called.p  pThis index file includes the symfony app via an iframep  precodeltiframe srcapp.php allowfullscreengtltiframegt codepre  pBut even when I have codeindex.htmlcode set as the doc root, it will still call the codeapp.phpcode. I tried and tried to get it to work, I have no idea what I am missing.p  pThis is what my .htaccess looks likep  precodeDirectoryIndex index.html  ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt     RewriteEngine On       Rewrite path  to index.html     RewriteRule [] index.html [L]      RewriteCond ENVREDIRECTSTATUS      RewriteRule app.php. ENVBASE2 [R301,L]       If the requested filename exists, simply serve it.      We only want to let Apache serve files and not directories.     RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f     RewriteRule .  [L]       Rewrite all other queries to the front controller.     RewriteRule . ENVBASEapp.php [L] ltIfModulegt  ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt     ltIfModule modalias.cgt          When modrewrite is not available, we instruct a temporary redirect of          the start page to the front controller explicitly so that the website          and the generated links can still be used.         RedirectMatch 302  app.php          RedirectTemp cannot be used instead     ltIfModulegt ltIfModulegt codepre  pThe first RewriteRule is my own, but it doesnt work. It calls the index.html, but also redirects app.php to index.html creating an infinite recursion.p
Negative 387 pI am familiar with JSON, jQuery, and AJAX but am now working on incorporating JSONP for a crossdomain script.p  pMy question is the context of the function on return.  Suppose I have this approximate codep  precode.ajax    datanameoliverampdob19920515,    successfunctionreturndata       dosomethingthis, event          calling element andor event can be held this way when data returns             codepre  pOn JSON calls I can do the above, but so far for JSONP Im left with addingp  precodewindow.triggerEventevent window.triggerObjectthis codepre  pwhich the JSONP function can refer to.  BUT, which doesnt feel very safe or properly abstracted.  Is there any way to wrap the return JSONP function in a context or scope hope that is the right term  Thanks.p
Negative 387 pI have done a marker of the tutorial, but I question whether you can enlarge the popup when you select on the map At this time, the text in the title and snippet is not entirely visible on the screen. Whether it is simply a way to improve Help.p  precodepublic class MapOfWasteActivity extends Activity              static final LatLng GDANSK  new LatLng54.32237223, 18.53985503             private GoogleMap map                 Override                 protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState                      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState                     setContentViewR.layout.mapofwasteactivity                      ConnectivityManager connec  ConnectivityManagergetSystemServiceContext.CONNECTIVITYSERVICE                      NetworkInfo ni  connec.getActiveNetworkInfo                     if connec  null You are connected, do something online.                         map  MapFragment getFragmentManager.findFragmentByIdR.id.map.getMap                          ifmapnull                             Marker gdansk  map.addMarkernew MarkerOptions.positionGDANSK                                     .titleZakad utylizacyjny Sp. z o.o.                                                Unieszkodliwianie odpadwn                                     .snippetJaboniowa 55, 80980 Gdask, Polska n                                              zut.com.pln                                              58 326 01 00                                                              .iconBitmapDescriptorFactory.defaultMarkerBitmapDescriptorFactory.HUEAZURE                                     .iconBitmapDescriptorFactory.fromResourceR.id.                             map.moveCameraCameraUpdateFactory.newLatLngZoomGDANSK, 15                               Zoom in, animating the camera.                             map.animateCameraCameraUpdateFactory.zoomTo15, 2000, null                      else                          Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext, You must be connected to the internet, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                                                                             codepre
Negative 387 pUsing Newtonsoft.Json 6.0.6p  pGiven this codep  precodevar folderNames  new Listltstringgt  CHello, CWorld  string json  JsonConvert.SerializeObjectfolderNames Console.WriteLinejson codepre  pHere is what the serialized json looks like notice there are 4 backslashesp  precode[CHello,CWorld] codepre  pI get this Console output e.g. unescaped jsonp  precode[CHello,CWorld]         codepre  pI dont want the strongextrastrong escaping backslashes to appear in the Console output. brWhat is the recommendationp  pemCode also available on .NET Fiddle a hrefhttpsdotnetfiddle.netyHJvfu relnofollowhttpsdotnetfiddle.netyHJvfuaemp
Negative 387 pI am using codeContentful.comcode as a contentbackend for my codeiOScode app. I can not get their codegeopointcode return to work for me in my codeSwiftcode project.p  pThe Contentful documentation says their codeAPIcode returns codeNSDatacode with codeCLLocationCoordinate2D structcode. p  pI am approaching this with codeNSValuecode in my project, but I can not get it to work properly. Heres my codep  precodevar locationCoordCLLocationCoordinate2D  CLLocationCoordinate2Dlatitude 0,longitude 0  var locationDataNSData  entry.fields[location] as NSData  var locationValueNSValue  NSValuebytes locationData.bytes, objCType CLLocationCoordinate2D  locationCoord  locationValue.MKCoordinateValue codepre  pHowever, codelocationCoord.latitudecode and codelocationCoord.longitudecode codereturncode wrong values one of them always being code0.0code. p  pCan someone tell me what I am doing wrong here, and how to make this work properly Thanks.p
Negative 387 pI am new to linux and have just set up a server over at linode using ubuntu 12.04.p  pI have created a myconfig.conf file in etcinit containing the followingp  precodestart on startup stop on shutdown respawn  exec sudo u myUser usrlocalbinforever start w homemyUsermyProjectserver.js codepre  pWhen I reboot the linux server node has not been started in some cases I can access the node server for 1 second before it dies. If I run this without the watch option w it works fine. I can also use the watch option when running manually without a problem, only happens when using the conf file. Is there some path I have to specify so that forever knows what files to watchp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pWhen I connect to my VPN, I run ipconfig Win 7 and see a new network adapter called codeEthernet adapter Local Area Connection 2code has been created, with its own ip address on my home network. Why is this necessary Does all traffic now go through this new adapterp
Negative 387 pI have this piece of code, but dont understand what this 0 character isp  precodechar[] str  new char[1] str[0]  0 codepre  pCould someone explain it If I print out the value of codestr[0]code nothing is printed.p
Negative 387 pI am beginner to programming and running this code in Javap  precode String demo  This is first string  char ch[] demo.toCharArray  System.out.printlnch codepre  pOutputp  precode This is first string codepre  pwhile,p  precode System.out.printlnresult is ch codepre  pOutput Showing hashcode related to object memoryp  precode result is someHashcode codepre  p1 Why do we have different output for both of themAbove mentioned code What actually happening over here.p  pAnd On other handp  precode int num[]1,2,3,4  System.out.printlnnum codepre  poutput p  precode somehashcode codepre  p2 This is not working as in char array caselike first mentioned code above and give output as hashcode ,Why p
Negative 387 pMy website had been hacked and lots of pages had been added and these have been indexed by Google. This has seriously affected the amount of traffic my site is receiving.p  pThese pages all are all named along the lines of  mulberry948.html just with a different number for each.p  pI have deleted all these pages but there are back links to these from lots of websites around the web so Google is still looking for them.p  pIs it possible to redirect all of these pages use .htacess in a simple way without having to add a redirect for each file.p  pi.e can i say for anything that begins with mulberry to be redirected to index.htmlp  pThanksp
Negative 387 ptest stringp  pcode1gccommunicationseditprofilepicture codep  plet me start by saying the first number before the first codecode will be the ID I need to extract. from the first codecode to the first codecode will be the name I need to extract. Everything after that I do not care for. So an example of what I am looking for is thisp  pcodeArray  [0] gt 1 [1] gt gccommunications [2] gt editprofilepicture codep  pThe best I could come up with was the following patterns along with their results  with a limit of 3p  pPattern codeeditprofilepicturecode Result codeArray  [0] gt 1 [1] gt gc [2] gt communicationseditprofilepicture codep  p This one is flawed because it does both dashes.p  pPattern codeeditprofilepicturecode Result codeArray  [0] gt 1gccommunications [1] gt codep  p major fail.p  pI know I can do a 2 limit and just break on the first codecode and then do a codepregsplitcode on the resulted array but I would love a way to make this work with one line.p  pThanks in advancep  pIf this is a nogo I am open to other one liner solutions.p  hr  h3Working code. Thanksh3  pcodepregsplit[][]., 1gccommunicationseditprofilepicture,1,PREGSPLITDELIMCAPTUREPREGSPLITNOEMPTYcodep  pResultp  pcodeArray  [0] gt 1 [1] gt gccommunications [2] gt editprofilepicture codep
Negative 387 pI have MVC asp.net application, my aim is to extend that application. In that procedures there is a local DB, and same DB is placed on a server as well. In this application stored procedures are used. There is a stored procedure named getvehicletrip, it is calling soap services, and accessing data. That data is not present in my local DB, and also not in the DB which is placed on server. p  pMy question is how to locate from where this procedures is getting data I believe it is using soap services to access a server, but I cant find which server it is. Any help would be highly appreciated.p
Negative 387 pIm working on an assignment that requires me to read data from a text file and store it into different arrays. The first for loop works perfectly fine but the 2nd for loop causes the error. The console output is correct but it wont let me continue with my program. What could be causing thisp  precodevoid ReadFile int totalVideos, cnt, i, custCnt, tempID cnt  0 custCnt  0 i  0 Video video[5] Customer customer[10] stringstream ss ifstream inStream inStream.openProgramming Assignment 4 Data.txt  whileinStream.eof     string next     getlineinStream, next     ssltltnext     ssgtgttotalVideos     fortotalVideos totalVideos gt 0 totalVideos         int copies         getlineinStream, next         ifnext.empty             getlineinStream, next                  video[cnt].title  next         getlineinStream, next         video[cnt].star1  next         getlineinStream, next         video[cnt].star2  next         getlineinStream, next         video[cnt].producer  next         getlineinStream, next         video[cnt].director  next         getlineinStream, next         video[cnt].company  next         inStreamgtgtcopies         video[cnt].copies  copies         coutltltvideo[cnt].titleltltendl         coutltltvideo[cnt].star1ltltendl         coutltltvideo[cnt].star2ltltendl         coutltltvideo[cnt].producerltltendl         coutltltvideo[cnt].directorltltendl         coutltltvideo[cnt].companyltltendl         coutltltvideo[cnt].copiesltltendl         coutltltendl         cnt          fori i lt 4 i         getlineinStream, next, ,         customer[i].firstName  next         getlineinStream, next, ,         customer[i].lastName  next         inStreamgtgttempID         customer[i].id  tempID         coutltltcustomer[i].firstNameltlt ltltcustomer[i].lastNameltlt ltltcustomer[i].idltltendl         custCnt       codepre  pp  pEDIT Ive changed my main to contain only the following code and it still throws the errorp  precodeifstream inStream inStream.openProgramming Assignment 4 Data.txt  whileinStream.eof     string next       inStreamgtgtnext     coutltltnextltltendl  codepre
Negative 387 pI know there are easy ways to send http request from java application in andriod. But I want to do the same thing by C, is it possiblep  pThat would be great could have example for this case.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to modify my current color scheme for vim.p  pI would like to match formal parameters and give them an orange color, like thisp  precodevar f  function orange, orange, orange ... codepre  pHowever, looking at javascript.vim in the syntax folder there does not seem to be an identifier for formal parameters. p  pI wonder if anyone have some experience with vim color schemes and are willing to guide me in a directionp
Negative 387 pI have a function that takes in a vector as an input argumentp  precodevoid expandVectorstdvectorltintgt inputVector, stdvectorltintgtamp outputVector codepre  pWhen I call this function, I typically only have 1 element in the input vector, so I pass in an initializer list with 1 element.p  precodestdvectorltintgt expandedVector expandVector1337, expandedVector codepre  pThis works fine with codegcc 4.8.2code but I get these errors when I try to compile with Visual Studio 2012p  precodesource.cpp353  error C2143 syntax error  missing  before  source.cpp353  error C2660 expandVector  function does not take 0 arguments source.cpp353  error C2143 syntax error  missing  before  source.cpp353  error C2143 syntax error  missing  before  source.cpp353  error C2059 syntax error   codepre  pWhen I check the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryzzw4bwhd.aspx relnofollowMSDN documentation for codevectorvectorcodea, it lists the constructor with initializer list, and furthermore, the example shows it being used.p  precodevectorltintgt v8  1, 2, 3, 4   codepre  pEven though I dont explicitly declare and name a vector like codev8code in the example, shouldnt I still be able to pass in an initializer list to a function expecting a vectorp
Negative 387 pI keep getting an error when trying to compile my code.  The error is as follows p  precodewarning incompatible pointer types passing   void threadData  to parameter of type void  void    [Wincompatiblepointertypes]         pthreadcreateampthreads[id], NULL, start,ampdata[id] codepre  pIm trying to pass a struct to the function, void  startthreadData data, and this keeps throwing me off.  Any ideas  p
Negative 387 pin my permission p  precode background        scripts [ request.js ]    ,    browseraction        defaulticon uefa.png,       defaultpopup popup.html,       defaulttitle as2    ,    contentscripts [        js [ content.js ],       matches [ http, https ]     ],    description moving,    manifestversion 2,    name as2,    permissions [ http, https, tabs, webRequest, webRequestBlocking, storage, webNavigation, u003Callurlsgt, cookies ],    updateurl httpsclients2.google.comserviceupdate2crx,    version 1.4,  and request.js  chrome.tabs.onUpdated.addListenerfunction tabId, changeInfo, tab     alertonUpdatedtab.url   chrome.tabs.onActivated.addListenerfunctionactiveInfo   alertonActivatetab.url    chrome.windows.getAllpopulatetrue,functionwindows   windows.forEachfunctionwindow     window.tabs.forEachfunctiontab         iftab.url.indexOfhttpswww.betathome.comensportlive  1            alertssdsftab.id                               codepre  pit is works well but problem is if without debug window, it never works. anybody knows about these bugp  pit has tabs permission already, and did not work tabs.remove too.p
Negative 387 pIm using MS Access 20032007.p  pThis is a simplified scenario but hopefully helps clarify. I have a table called codeTableABcode that consists of 2 columns as followsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com85dzP.png altTableABp  pcodeFieldAcode is used to populate a UserForm multiselect Listbox which then allows users to select one or more items to search.  The selected items are then used to search a separate primary table that contains several thousand records.p  pcodeFieldBcode describes 4 relationship sets 9, 10, 19 and 28 between certain items in codeFieldAcode, and allows us to autoexpand the search selection, if a separate Auto user switch is enabled. p  pFor example, if the selected search items are 2, 10 and 11 then the auto expanded search would be 2,10,11,25,26,34,66. Here, 25, 26, 34 and 66 are auto included.p  pI can auto expand using the above example with the followingp  precodeSELECT FieldA     FROM TableAB     WHERE FieldA In 2,10,11 Or FieldB In 2,10,11 codepre  pstrongMy problemstrong p  pWhere a user selects all items of a particular relationship but does not select the primary item describing that relationship the item in codeFieldBcode, then, I would like that item to be auto included no user switch is required since the missing item should always be included. p  pFor example, if the user selects 23 and 24 then I would like 9 to be included  but only providing the user entered both 23 and 24p  pI can return the primary relationship item using the following as an examplep  precodeSELECT DISTINCT FieldB    FROM tblABC          WHERE  FieldA In 1,2,9,30,68 And FieldB ltgt Null Or FieldB In1,2,9,30,68 codepre  pBut Im finding it difficult, due to my limited SQL knowledge, to think of a way to achieve my goal simplyelegantly without resorting to interfacing too much with Visual Basic, something I could do but would prefer not to. Any helppointers would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 387 pMy Sample Textp  pI have a file, that contains the following linessample.p  precodeManolito                     Mapi MapleStory                   MEEBO MEEBOaudio                  MEEBOunknown MEEBOvideo                  MGCP MGCPcontrol                 MGCPrtp Microsoft Exchange          Microsoft Exchangegeneric Mig33                        MMS Mojo                         Move MPEG                         MPlus codepre  pI want to remove the spaces between the words, Then i want output asp  precodeManolito Mapi MapleStory MEEBO MEEBOaudio MEEBOunknown MEEBOvideo MGCP MGCPcontrol MGCPrtp Microsoft Exchange Microsoft Exchangegeneric Mig33 MMS Mojo Move MPEG MPlus codepre  pPlease note, There shuould not be any training spaces after each word.p  pPlease suggest me any awk or other programming script to achieve this.p  pThanks,p  pKumarp
Negative 387 pwe are having clearcase in our organization production network. There is another separate network which is having limitted ports are opened. The users in production network will not be there in lab network.p  pIs it possible to open few ports and access clearcase from the lab networkp
Negative 387 pI want to divide a 16bit number by two. My solution to the problem was as belowp  precode    lda 17 set high byte     ldx 32    set low byte  divide     PHA         push A to stack             TXA         X gt A       LSR         divide low byte by 2        TAX         A gt X      PLA         pull A from stack       LSR         divide high byte by 2     BCC        C0, skip      PHA         while C1     TXA         add 80 to the lsb     ADC 80     TAX     PLA          printDecimal 0400120 codepre  pAll codePHAPLAcode trickery is because my codeprintDecimalcode macro reads MSB from A and LSB from X.p  pWhen I check alternatives online, I found 4 instruction alternative to my humble division routine. But I didnt understand.p  precodediv2     LDA counterhi       Load the MSB     ASL                  Copy the sign bit into C     ROR counterhi       And back into the MSB     ROR counterlo       Rotate the LSB as normal      LDA counterhi     LDX counterlo           printDecimal 040040     codepre  pHow this worksp
Negative 387 pI tried to adopt Vagrant in our team. I created a Vagrantfile and make provisioning in some way. Everything works as charm, but ...p  pIts unclear for me how I can automate some routine tasks likep  ul lirunning djangoI use django, but its framework agnostic problem dev server on 0.0.0.0li lirunning grunt watcherli liproviding a separate console for djangospecific commandsli ul  pIt is looks like vagrant not intended to help with this kind of automation and I look for some community adopted way to do that. I goggled and found nothing.p  pI see a few way to thatp  ul libootstrap.sh script but messy and hard to mantainli lisomething like tmuxinator  requires tmux on host machine and now its impossible to put tmuxconfig in project repo li lietcli ul  pWhat is the canonical way to resolve this problemp  pstrongP.S.strong Please, think about designers, manual testers and other guys which like to use tools as isp
Negative 387 pI have a major problem with the localization of my app.p  pSince I updated Xcode to version  6.1.1 6A2008a with the new simulator iOS 8.1, I found that the iOS 8.1 simulator no longer works with Localizable.string.p  pWhen I turn the stimulator with the version of iOS 7.1 my app works fine and the language changes according to the setting made on the device. Why does this problem occur on 8.1p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pis it possible to define one particular highlighter color scheme for one particular file extension in Sublime Text alternatively in Brackets For example I want to highlight JS in blue, red, green and PHP in yellow, orange, purple. Is this possiblep  pNow, if I have some .php page which contains except PHP also HTML and JS, it is hard to recognise where is PHP, where HTML, where JS because PHP highlighter, JS highlighter and HTML highligter are based on the same color scheme. There is no difference betwenn PHP, HTML and JS highlighting.p  pFor example in PSPad editor there exists HTML multihighlighter which do exactly what I need to do different colors for different language, but in Sublime Text or Brackets is nothing similar.p
Negative 387 pI was wondering if I could get some help converting a integer to a hex string with a space between each byte like sop  precodeint val  2147483648 char hexval[32]  sprintfhexval, x, val  Output  80000000  codepre  phow could I add spaced between each byte so I would have a string like  80 00 00 00p  pis there an easier way then mallocing memory and moving a pointer aroundp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI am using this.... and I am get value in Array in this type ...See Picture if any body do this kide of stuf plz help me out. I will try UIimagepicker also but array response is  0 p  precodeallVideos  [NSMutableArray arrayWithCapacity0] ALAssetsLibrary assetLibrary  assetsLibrary  [assetLibrary enumerateGroupsWithTypesALAssetsGroupAll usingBlockALAssetsGroup group, BOOL stop      if group          [group setAssetsFilter[ALAssetsFilter allVideos]]         [group enumerateAssetsUsingBlock          ALAsset asset, NSUInteger index, BOOL stopIt                        if asset                   ALAssetRepresentation defaultRepresentation  [asset defaultRepresentation]                  NSString uti  [defaultRepresentation UTI]                  NSURL URL  [[asset valueForPropertyALAssetPropertyURLs] valueForKeyuti]                  NSString title  [NSString stringWithFormat lu, NSLocalizedStringVideo, nil, [allVideos count]1]                  AssetBrowserItem item  [[AssetBrowserItem alloc] initWithURLURL titletitle]                  [allVideos addObjectitem]                  NSLogAll Videos,allVideos                         ]           group  nil signals we are done iterating.     else          dispatchasyncdispatchgetmainqueue,              [self updateBrowserItemsAndSignalDelegateallVideos]                    failureBlockNSError error       NSLogerror enumerating AssetLibrary groups n, error    ] codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTpeCD.png altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pI have the following variables p  precodedaysa  arraytotal[days]  This one display days  hoursa  arraytotal[hours]  This one display hours minutesa  arraytotal[minutes]  This one display minutes secondsa  arraytotal[seconds]  This one display seconds codepre  pThese variables give me the current session time, here all works. p  pNow the problem...p  pI have then these variables p  precodedaysf  fetchs[days] hoursf  fetchs[hours] minutesf  fetchs[minutes] secondsf  fetchs[seconds] codepre  pThese display the time that the user entered in the website previously, they took the values from the database... I did this for add the current session variable values to the values in the MySQL Dbp  precode   days2  daysa  daysf    hours2  hoursa  hoursf    minutes2  minutesa  minutesf    seconds2  secondsa  secondsf codepre  pBut I need that each 60 seconds it add 1 to minutes2 , each 60 minutes it add 1 to hours2 and each 24 hours it add 1 to days2p  pFor example if I have 118 seconds I need that it adds 1 to minutes2 and set the variable seconds2 to 58 etc...p  pHow can this be done p  pI tried something like thatp  precode   seconds  seconds2  60     minutes3   seconds2  60      minutes   minutes3   60       hours3    minutes   60        hours     hours3   24         days    hours   24            days  intdaysint codepre  pBut this wont work... Someone know how do that in a similar or different way p  pCould someone give me the code Pleasep
Negative 387 pIm developing an application using Google Maps. It references the Google Map Util library project, which references google play services library and appcompatv7. Here is my workspace p  pa hrefhttpswww.dropbox.comscwy2o9di7bk74liZrzut20ekranu20201412142016.21.07.pngdl0 relnofollowhttpswww.dropbox.comscwy2o9di7bk74liZrzut20ekranu20201412142016.21.07.pngdl0ap  pAnd yet, if I try to compile and run the application, it instantly crashes, with the following tracep  precode1214 161424.063 EAndroidRuntime7592 FATAL EXCEPTION main 1214 161424.063 EAndroidRuntime7592 java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLng 1214 161424.063 EAndroidRuntime7592     at michal.myapp.activities.StartupScreenActivity.onCreateStartupScreenActivity.java36 codepre  pSo apparently the compiler has trouble finding google play services jars. Any ideasp  pManifestp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid packagemichal.myapp androidversionCode1 androidversionName1.0 gt  ltusessdk     androidminSdkVersion11     androidtargetSdkVersion21 gt  ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNETgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSNETWORKSTATEgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGEgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSCOARSELOCATIONgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSFINELOCATIONgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCELEROMETERgt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.CAMERA gt   ltusesfeature     androidglEsVersion0x00020000     androidrequiredtruegt  ltusesfeature androidnameandroid.hardware.camera gt ltusesfeature androidnameandroid.hardware.camera.autofocus gt  ltapplication     androidallowBackuptrue     androidicondrawableiclauncher     androidlabelstringappname     androidthemestyleAppTheme gt     ltactivity         androidnamemichal.myapp.activities.MapActivity         androidlabelstringappname gt                 ltactivitygt      ltactivity         androidnamemichal.myapp.activities.StartupScreenActivity         androidlabelstringappname gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt      ltactivity androidnamemichal.myapp.activities.CameraActivity       androidlabelstringappname        androidscreenOrientationportraitgt       lt configure this activity to use landscape orientation gt       ltactivitygt      ltmetadata         androidnamecom.google.android.maps.v2.APIKEY         androidvaluestringapikeygt      ltmetadata         androidnamecom.google.android.gms.version         androidvalueintegergoogleplayservicesversion gt  ltapplicationgt  ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGEgt codepre  pp  pPlus, checked the class folders, and they do exist at the locations pointed in the Manifest. Okay, I added back Android Private Libraries to the build path removed them because I had JAR mismatches because of it, but now it seems to work. Ill mark the answer as correct. p
Negative 387 pI am beginner in androidbr I was following a lesson on the internet about Fragmentbr the idea is that you have two fragmentsbr one containing button the other containing textviewbr in the lesson the he linked to the button and text view underbr onActivityCreated......  p  pBut I did the same task as followbutton sample  p  precodepublic class Fragment1 extends Fragment  Communicator comm Button button  Override public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater,         Nullable ViewGroup container, Nullable Bundle savedInstanceState       TODO Autogenerated method stub     View viewinflater.inflateR.layout.fr1layout, container, false     buttonButton view.findViewByIdR.id.button1     button.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener           Override         public void onClickView v               TODO Autogenerated method stub             comm.respondButton was clickede                   return view  codepre  pand it worked for me p  pwhich procedure is correctp
Negative 387 pIn our application we use java.awt.Graphics2D and java.awt.image.BufferedImage for drawingrendering. To enable antialiasing we set RenderingHints.KEYANTIALIASING, RenderingHints.VALUEANTIALIASON. Although in a multithreaded environment when we have multiple simultaneous requests to render something the performance seems to degrade. We suspect that underneath the AWT is using some static synchronised method when performing antialiased rendering. Is our presumption correctp  pWhat would be the best remedy for that Would supersampling work in this case i.e. rendering a larger image first in a big resolution and then downscaling it to the desired onep
Negative 387 pthis is my first question in stackoverflow after reading a lot about concave hulls and alpha shapes but unfortunately I still have not found a working solution p  pMy input is a big array of GPSCoordinates lat,lon around 10002000 points defining a GPS track. Now Im looking for a way to measure the perimeter of the outline of all coordinates.p  pUntil now, I was able to calculate and display the convex hull from all the points but the calculation of the concave hull was not successful so far  p  pI use javascript for all my programming and looking for the following task Input all latlon coordinates WGS84 Output all edge coordinates defining the concave hull.p  pI already found interesting infos about concave hulls, alpha shapes and delaunay triangulation but unfortunately all infos refer to a 2D plane  X,Y coordinates like [5,2][6,7][3,2] and if I try those scripts with my WGS84 coordinates  unable to get the concave hull of my point cloud p  pThank you very much for any helpp
Negative 387 pIm not sure how to apply logic to handle this issue.p  pI have a simple flow, Where Im consuming the service in between the flow. I have tried until successful, but it required Max retries field but I dont want to limit my retry by giving any number. To my scenario, Im not sure when my consuming service is up, But need to retry until the service  up and running  not required retry exhausted. Could anyone suggest to handle the scenario.p  precode          ltflow namenewFlow1 docnamenewFlow1gt     lthttpinboundendpoint exchangepatternrequestresponse hostlocalhost port8081 pathttt docnameHTTPgt     ltbytearraytostringtransformer docnameByte Array to Stringgt     ltlogger messagetest[payload] levelINFO docnameLoggergt     ltuntilsuccessful docnameUntil Successfulgt         lthttpoutboundendpoint exchangepatternrequestresponse hostlocalhost port8089 pathnew  methodPOST docnameHTTPgt     ltuntilsuccessfulgt      ltsetpayload valueReturn Response docnameSet Payloadgt     ltflowgt codepre  pAlso tried Max Retries in until successful as 1 to make as unlimited retry but it is not accepting the negative value.    Tried using HTTP connector retry connection strategybut it seems to be work for JMS or JDBC. Could you please anyone suggest to handle this issue. Thanks in advance.p  pEditedp  precode lthttpconnector nameHttpConnector docnameHTTPHTTPSgt ltreconnectforever    gt lthttpconnectorgt  ltflow namenew1Flow1 docnamenew1Flow1gt     lthttpinboundendpoint exchangepatternrequestresponse   docnameHTTP   pathttt responseTimeout30000 hostlocalhost port8081 gt     ltlogger messageentered levelINFO docnameLoggergt     lthttpoutboundendpoint exchangepatternrequestresponse hostlocalhost port8089 pathnew connectorrefHttpConnector methodPOST docnameHTTPgt     ltlogger messageHttp StatusCode[message.inboundProperties[http.status]] levelINFO docnameLoggergt   ltflowgt codepre  pIt is not doing retry, since the service is down I could see the following error message in console for one time only. But we should get multiple times the error message in console until service up p  precode     Failed to route event via endpoint DefaultOutboundEndpointendpointUrihttplocalhost8089new, connectorHttpConnector codepre  pPlease suggest.p
Negative 387 pIs there a way to hide the Android Action bar on specific activities for example the Landing Page of an android app My application makes use of the tabbed Layout and therefore strongrequiresstrong the action bar unless theres a way to implement tabs without the action bar, in which case I can make the app fullscreen. Since an action bar ruins the look on a landing page, I want to be able to remove it on this specific layout only.p  pSo is there a way to controlswitch the fullscreen and actionbar themes dynamically p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTf5Uq.png altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pI am have a fragment which calls a custom take picture activity. p  pThe intent extra passing to the activity call does not work. If I print the logcat I can see the intent in the Fragment. But the Activity does not receive it. p  pFragment p  precodeIntent intent  new Intent            intent.setClassgetActivity, CameraActivity.class      Uri fileUri  getOutputMediaFileUriMEDIATYPEIMAGE      intent.putExtraoutFile, fileUri                          Log.eTAG,                              fileUri intent gt   fileUri  startActivityForResultintent, CAPTUREIMAGEACTIVITYREQUESTCODE codepre  pActivity p  precodeOverride public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitycamera  Intent intent  getIntent outFile  intent.getStringExtraoutFile  String test  getIntent.getExtras.getStringoutFile  Log.iCameraActivity,                      test intent gt   test   Log.eCameraActivity,                      intent.getStringExtraoutFile gt   intent.getStringExtraoutFile    Log.eCameraActivity,                      outFile intent gt   outFile codepre  pLogCatp  pfrom fragemntp  precode1226 111221.399 EPostProductFragment3563  fileUri intent gt filemntsdcardPicturesMyCameraAppIMG20141226111221.jpg codepre  pfrom activity logp  precode1226 111221.449 ICameraActivity3563  test intent gt null 1226 111221.449 ECameraActivity3563  intent.getStringExtraoutFile gt null 1226 111221.449 ECameraActivity3563  outFile intent gt null codepre
Negative 387 pI have this JSON Array that I receive when I implement an HTTPGET request. Then this is displayed in a textView as followsp  precodeifinputStream  null              JSONArray reps  new JSONArrayconvertInputStreamToStringinputStream             for int i  0 i lt reps.length i                  JSONObject item  JSONObject reps.geti                 result.appendn  i  1     item.getname  n  item.geturl  n  Stars  item.getstargazerscount  n  item.getforkscount  n              codepre  pI want to view this in a list view but have failed so many attempts to do the same. I am unable to create a viable adapter for it, so help on this is really appriciated.p
Negative 387 pI would like to make add  remove a class to a div that holds a checkbox.p  pI am 80 there, though am not sure on the right syntax to look at whether the input item is checked or unchecked. So I can add or remove the class appropriate.p  pEssentially I know it needs to look likep  precodeifthechecks item  req.attrchecked      item  req.addClassitemselect  else     item  req.removeClassitemselect  codepre  pAny help  thoughts would be really appreciated.p  hr  pI made a small fiddle of my code todate.p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netbrandrallyvc5wgpk2 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netbrandrallyvc5wgpk2ap  pstrong Javascript strongp  precode document.readyfunction           thechecks input[typecheckbox].clickfunction               var req  this.val             item  req.addClassitemselect               codepre  pstrong HTML strongp  precodeltdiv idthechecksgt  ltdiv iditem1gt ltlabelgtltinput nameelement[] typecheckbox value1 gt Oneltlabelgt ltdivgt  ltdiv iditem2gt ltlabelgtltinput nameelement[] typecheckbox value2 gt Two ltlabelgt ltdivgt  ltdivgt codepre
Negative 387 pIs that possible use HTML in parsley.jss error message for example, in dataparsleyremotemessagestackoverflow.com, can I put a link here seems parsley only accept plain text now.. is there any solution thanksp
Negative 387 pI am trying to subclass the menu of an external application. I am using the SetWindowLong function to subclass the Windows Procedure, it works well, but after doing what I want, it terminates the application, I dont know why.p  pThis is the function I inject p  precodeDWORD stdcall AddNewMenuItem    HWND hwndAna  NULL   HMENU hMenu  NULL    hwndAna  FindWindowANameOfTheMainWindow,NULL     ifhwndAna  INVALIDHANDLEVALUE     hMenu  GetMenuhwndAna       ifhMenu  NULL      HMENU hMenuFile  CreatePopupMenu     AppendMenuhMenuFile, MFSTRING , UINTPTRIDLoad , LShow Info     AppendMenuhMenuFile, MFSTRING , UINTPTRIDVWS , LGo to Site     AppendMenuhMenu, MFPOPUP, UINTPTRhMenuFile, LSite      DrawMenuBarhwndAna     OriginalProcedure  SetWindowLongAhwndAna, GWLWNDPROC, LONGMyProc       return 1            return 0  codepre  pAnd this is the My own Windows Procedurep  precodeLRESULT APIENTRY MyProcHWND hwnd, UINT iMsg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam   switchiMsg         case WMCOMMAND          switch LOWORDwParam                       case IDLoad              MessageBoxANULL,this is info, Information, MBOKMBICONINFORMATION             break                case IDVWS             ShellExecuteNULL, LOpen, Lhttpwww.gotowebsite.com, NULL, NULL, SWSHOWNORMAL             break                   break          return CallWindowProcWNDPROCOriginalProcedure, hwnd, iMsg, wParam, lParam     codepre  pAnd these are the IDsp  precodedefine IDVWS 0x8801 define IDLoad 0x8802 codepre  pAll codes react to the messages, I mean it appends menu successfully, when I click the submenus it shows messagebox etc, but after this, it terminates the application. Somehow it returns WMCLOSE message after ID messages and I cant manage it. I appreciate your help.p
Negative 387 pSometimes when I load an image from memory or web I get a tiny question mark instead of the picture. Is there a way through code to detect this situation other than checking the size of a texturep
Negative 387 pstrongGreetings,strongp  pstrongim trying to override the disposal of the DetailView widget by applying new css class but with no luck. I want all the records shown in the several instances of a DetailView widget to appear side by side. I create a class in appwebcss called detail1view and apply it to the detaiview.php in vendor folder. The class has floatleft, or displayinlineblock in it, but none of the attributes work.strongp  pstrongMy Detailview isstrongp  precodelt DetailViewwidget[     model gt model,     attributes gt [       titulo,       noticia,          cria um array com a fotografia, em que carrega a path no campo fieldName da bd         [         attributegtfotodir,         valuegtmodelgtfotodir,         format gt [image,[widthgt230,heightgt200]],         ],     ], ] gt codepre  pstrongand my detailview.php in folder vendoryiisoftyii2widgets... has in it the detail1view class in the right placestrongp  precodepublic options  [class gt detail1view] codepre  pstrongMy CSSstrongp  precode.detail1view  display inlineblock width 30  border1px solid 000 codepre  pp  pstrongThe DetailView continues to display one in top of another and not side by sidestrongp  pstrongAnybody has a solution for this issue strongp  pstrongMany Thanksstrongp
Negative 387 pHello everyone br I want to use functions for create inputs, but like objects for create customizable inputs, after that, assign them to a variable, for example name. After that i want to use their functions create and check the first one insert an input in the div userInfo at the HTML code and the second one check the value inside inputp  pThe problem is when I assign an object to the global variable name and after that I use their functions, the console of the browsers tell me that name.create is not a function and I cant use itp  pSorry for my poor English and my noob level on JavaScript xDbr Thanks to Everybody p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodefunction createAll     name  new textInputnameInput, 8, 24, aZ09, required   concatFirst  name.create   document.getElementByIduserInfo.innerHTML  concatFirst   console.logJSON.stringifyname   function textInputidInput, minlenght, maxlenght, req, requiredOption     this.idIn  idInput   this.minLong  minlenght   this.maxLong  maxlenght   this.reqCha  req   this.requiredOpt  requiredOption   this.create  function     return ltpgt            ltinput id  this.idIn   pattern[  this.reqCha  ]  this.minLong  , maxlenght  this.maxLong      onchangename.check onmouseovername.check   this.requiredOpt   gtltinputgt            ltpgt      this.check  function        document.getElementByIdthis.idIn.style.boxShadow  0 0 10px 3px green    codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodelthtmlgt   ltbody onloadcreateAllgt     ltdiv idmainFormgt         lt First Form gt         ltdiv iduserInfogt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt   ltbodygt lthtmlgtcodepre div div p
Negative 387 pI have a query that get user posts and I wish to show only the posts of the Country selected by visitor.p  pSo far Im trying to do something like thisp  precode  var country  req.query.country  req.session.country   ne     Posts.find       .populatecreator       .wherecreator.country.equalscountry       .execfunctionerr, posts             console.logposts    codepre  pUnfortunately it doesnt work.p  pHow can I have a query similar to thisp  pEDITp  pThis is the Posts Schemap  precodevar postsSchema  new mongoose.Schema     creator  type mongoose.Schema.Types.ObjectId, ref User ,     text  type String, default  ,     createdat Date  codepre
Negative 387 pEdit I was able to import a plugin from GitHub Auth0 in VS successfully. The problem seems to be in the parsing of certain plugins like one Im really trying to install which is the latest version of OpenTok for Cordova. The latest version is only on GitHub so Im stuck with this crashing.p  pWhether youve installed Cordova into Visual Studio 2013 SP4 or are using Visual Studio 2015 Preview which comes with Apache Cordova VS will crash when you try to import certain custom Cordova plugin to your project. You can replicate this issue by creating a Cordova project, right clicking confix.xml  View Designer  Plugins  Custom. When trying to import from Github or downloading and importing locally neither works. Visual Studio will crash for example when inputting a hrefhttpsgithub.comsongzcordovapluginopentok relnofollowhttpsgithub.comsongzcordovapluginopentoka or the URL of the .git with the same error as in this screenshotp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIH8a6.png altError Before Crashp  pThe error reported when the opentok crash happens isp  hr  pProblem signaturep  pProblem Event Name   CLR20r3p  pProblem Signature 01 devenv.exep  pProblem Signature 02 14.0.22310.1p  pProblem Signature 03 546094b0p  pProblem Signature 04 mscorlibp  pProblem Signature 05 4.5.27.0p  pProblem Signature 06 545ca51fp  pProblem Signature 07 48ddp  pProblem Signature 08 27p  pProblem Signature 09 System.ArgumentNullExceptionp  pOS Version   6.3.9600.2.0.0.256.48p  pLocale ID    1033p  pAdditional Information 1 5861p  pAdditional Information 2 5861822e1919d7c014bbb064c64908b2p  pAdditional Information 3 a10fp  pAdditional Information 4 a10ff7d2bb2516fdc753f9c34fc3b069p  hr  pVisual Studio will then crash and the plugin never gets added. The only plugins you can add are the ones in the Core list within VS. Ive also tried installing them from the command line first navigating to the projects directory Not the folder with the sln file of course, the folder below that with all the project files and it says that its not a Cordova project. Ive also tried manually downloading the plugin and adding it a directory that Ive added to the solution and then importing but that didnt work.p  pIf I knew how to manually use the plugin by importing all the files and referencing them somewhere in my Cordova project as javascript or xml references I would but I wouldnt know how to do that If thats even a solution that would work for compiling to Android and IOS and I have tried.p  pThis is a big problem and its devastating me because I really want to use Cordova and this is my first experience. I want to use VS because its a great environment to develop and testemulate in and Cordova doesnt come an IDE or the same emulators. I dont know of any other IDE to develop Cordova in where I can import plugins and preview my apps like in VS They use special emulators that dont require the use of the Android SDK emulators.p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated. I have no idea what to do. Ive submitted bug reports here a hrefhttpsgithub.comsongzcordovapluginopentokissues137 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comsongzcordovapluginopentokissues137a here a hrefhttpsgithub.comalongubkinphonertcissues123 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comalongubkinphonertcissues123a and here a hrefhttpsissues.apache.orgjirabrowseCB8279 relnofollowhttpsissues.apache.orgjirabrowseCB8279a . Dont know how that will turn out. Ive also tried updating Web Essentials in VS2013 but that didnt work either.p  pThanks for anything you can think of.p
Negative 387 pI have this queryp  precodeSELECT      Client.ClientNo,             Client.ContactName,             Deal.Currency,             MAXDeal.DealDate FROM        Deal JOIN        Client ON Deal.ClientNo  Client.ClientNo GROUP BY    Client.ClientNo, Client.ContactName, Deal.Currency codepre  pwhich gives me a resultp  precode1   John Smith  EUR 20141007 1   John Smith  GBP 20141112 2   Jane Doe    GBP 20140917 2   Jane Doe    USD 20141223 1   John Smith  USD 20131113 2   Jane Doe    EUR 20120906 codepre  pProblem is, I need an aggregated result with the latest date per client, like thisp  precode1   John Smith  GBP 20141112 2   Jane Doe    USD 20141223 codepre  pHow can I change my query to achieve thisp  pstrongUPDATEstrong Thanks to jarlh for the answer, however I have missed something  if there is a duplicate row  it will remain in the result, looking like thisp  precode1   John Smith  GBP 20141112 1   John Smith  GBP 20141112 2   Jane Doe    USD 20141223 codepre  pAny way to make that workp
Negative 387 pi have to send mail using www.example1.net.To use this server which protocol should i have to use.I tried with smtp.example1.net.But its not sending mail..And my doubt is should usernameie mail id should have to created on this server.I have used another servers id discussionsactivity.com..p  precodepublic class EmailUtility      public static void sendEmailString host, String port,             final String userName, final String password, String toAddress,             String subject, String message throws AddressException,             MessagingException            sets SMTP server properties         Properties properties  new Properties  properties.putmail.smtp.host, host          properties.putmail.smtp.socketFactory.port, port             properties.putmail.smtp.socketFactory.class,javax.net.ssl.SSLSocketFactory         properties.putmail.smtp.auth, true          properties.putmail.smtp.port, port            creates a new session with an authenticator         Authenticator auth  new Authenticator              public PasswordAuthentication getPasswordAuthentication                  return new PasswordAuthenticationuserName, password                                Session session  Session.getInstanceproperties, auth           creates a new email message         Message msg  new MimeMessagesession          msg.setFromnew InternetAddressuserName         InternetAddress[] toAddresses   new InternetAddresstoAddress          msg.setRecipientsMessage.RecipientType.TO, toAddresses         msg.setSubjectsubject         msg.setSentDatenew Date         msg.setTextmessage           sends the email         Transport.sendmsg        codepre
Negative 387 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comR92UF.png altenter image description herep  pI have 3 pictureBoxs, Green is 1 and the two images are in two different pictureBox. I want to stitch all the pictureboxs into one single .jpg image retaining the position of all the images. Can anyone help me out with the code. Scratching my head since 4 days  p  pThanks in advance p
Negative 387 pIve got this code which seems to loop through a list of contacts, however it doesnt create an outlook contact, nor does it generate an error. Any Ideasp  precode Private Sub Button3Clicksender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles Button3.Click     Dim afile As FileIO.TextFieldParser  New FileIO.TextFieldParserccontacts.csv     Dim CurrentRecord As String  this array will hold each line of data     afile.TextFieldType  FileIO.FieldType.Delimited     afile.Delimiters  New String vbTab     afile.HasFieldsEnclosedInQuotes  True       Dim oApp As Outlook.Application     oApp  CreateObjectOutlook.Application      Dim oNs As Outlook.NameSpace     oNs  oApp.GetNamespaceMAPI     oNs.Logon      Dim oItem As Outlook.ContactItem     oItem  oApp.CreateItemOlItemType.olContactItem       parse the actual file     Do While Not afile.EndOfData         Try             CurrentRecord  afile.ReadFields              With oItem                 .FirstName  CurrentRecord0                 .LastName  CurrentRecord1                End With              oItem.Save         Catch ex As FileIO.MalformedLineException             Stop         End Try     Loop     MsgBoxComplete End Sub codepre  pNot sure if this is the best method, so Im open to suggestions.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to develop a translation game in Adobe Air for Android and iOS. On the screen i have a question at the top and a grid of 3040 scrollable itemsanswers yep. When the user taps an item, the app saves the answer and loads the new question and options from a sqlite db .p  pThe item is a MovieClip, it contains  Bitmap graphic  TextField   empty movieclipp  pOnce the db gave me the data, the app loops through the Array which contains the answers and shows the items. Basically, for each answer i mustp  ul liinitialize the componentli lireplace the empty mc with a TLF TextField has limited supportli liset the TextFormatli liresize the itemli lidraw the bitmapli liadd it on the display listli ul  pNow.. everything is so slow I have to wait between each answer which is acceptable, but timing is important for the score and 810 seconds are too much.. i cant figure out how to improvep  pI guess the big problem reside in the use of TLF, but maybe im also using a bad logic.. do you guys have any suggestion Thank you very muchp  pp.s. Sorry if i made some mistake with englishp  precode        private function createAnseriintvoid         n.log gt createAnser          .... new comp         clipa  new ClipAnswer          .... resize         clipa.width  n.sANW         clipa.height  n.sANH          .... remnovechild empty addchild TLF from library         n.textitclipa.empty,FTM,currentanswerstring          .... bdata         b  new BitmapDataclipa.width,clipa.height,true,0x000000         var matrixMatrix  new Matrix         matrix.scaleclipa.scaleX, clipa.scaleY         b.drawWithQualityclipa,matrix, null, null, null, false, StageQuality.BEST         o  new Bitmapb          .... bitmap position         o.y  n.s010  n.sANH  i         gccontent.addChildo          codepre
Negative 387 pI read the iphone UI guide and it notes that toolbar for iphone app is always at the bottom of the page, well if I want to leave the space at the bottom for advertisement, can I put the toolbar on the top p  pI know I can use navigationcontrol and UISegmentedControl, but that is designed for navigation. Mine is some buttons i.e sorting, refresh working on the current view of a list so that toolbar more suit the purpose.p  pI figure I can still put toolbar on the top, right Anyone can share some samplep  pthanks,p  pJonp
Negative 387 pI have the following function to remove set of character from a given stringp  precodeALTER function removalspcharName varchar30 returns varchar500 As  Begin  declare sub char1  while patindex[amp, ],Namegt0 begin   set subsubstringName,patindex[amp, ],Name,1  set Name  replaceName,sub, end  return Name End  select dbo.removalspcharCORP  Sovereign amp Public Finance codepre  pBut the ouput of the following function coming as  CORPSovereignPublicFina rather than CORPSovereignPublicFinance.p  pCan somebody let me know what I am doing incorrect or a better way to resolve this issue.p
Negative 387 pI want to use this code in android java. but the json parser is not accepting this data as a json. is this not a json. but a server api is sending this data and i cant understand what is this and how to handle this.   p  precode          result success,         incometoday 0.00 USD,         incomethismonth 0.00 USD,         incomethisyear 0.00 USD,         orderspending 0,         orderstodaycancelled 0,         orderstodaypending 0,         orderstodayfraud 0,         orderstodayactive 0,         orderstodaytotal 0,         ordersyesterdaycancelled 0,         ordersyesterdaypending 0,         ordersyesterdayfraud 0,         ordersyesterdayactive 0,         ordersyesterdaytotal 0,         ordersthismonthtotal 0,         ordersthisyeartotal 0,         ticketsopen 0,         ticketsanswered 4,         ticketscustomerreply 0,         ticketsonhold 0,         ticketsinprogress 0,         ticketsclosed 1,         ticketsallactive 4,         ticketsawaitingreply 0,         ticketsflaggedtickets 0,         cancellationspending 0,         todoitemsdue 114,         networkissuesopen 0,         billableitemsuninvoiced 0,         quotesvalid 0,         staffonline 1      codepre  pmy parser is p  precodepublic class JSONParser       static InputStream is  null     static JSONObject jObj  null     static String json         constructor     public JSONParser              function get json from url      by making HTTP POST or GET mehtod     public JSONObject makeHttpRequestString url, String method,             ListltNameValuePairgt params            Making HTTP request         try                check for request method             if method  POST                   request method is POST                  defaultHttpClient                 DefaultHttpClient httpClient  new DefaultHttpClient                 HttpPost httpPost  new HttpPosturl                 httpPost.setEntitynew UrlEncodedFormEntityparams                 Log.durl, url                 Log.dparams, params.toString                 HttpResponse httpResponse  httpClient.executehttpPost                 HttpEntity httpEntity  httpResponse.getEntity                 is  httpEntity.getContent               else if method  GET                   request method is GET                 DefaultHttpClient httpClient  new DefaultHttpClient                 String paramString  URLEncodedUtils.formatparams, utf8                 Log.dparam, paramString                 if paramString.isEmpty                      url    paramString                                  Log.durl, url                 HttpGet httpGet  new HttpGeturl                 Log.dhttpGet, httpGet.toString                 HttpResponse httpResponse  httpClient.executehttpGet                 Log.dhttpResponse, httpResponse.toString                 HttpEntity httpEntity  httpResponse.getEntity                 is  httpEntity.getContent                 Log.dis, is.toString                        catch UnsupportedEncodingException e              e.printStackTrace          catch ClientProtocolException e              e.printStackTrace          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace                   try              BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReader                     is, iso88591, 8             StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder             String line  null             while line  reader.readLine  null                  sb.appendline  n                          is.close             json  sb.toString          catch Exception e              Log.eBuffer Error, Error converting result   e.toString                    try parse the string to a JSON object         try              jObj  new JSONObjectjson          catch JSONException e              Log.eJSON Parser, Error parsing data   e.toString                    return JSON String         return jObj        codepre
Negative 387 pI have this code on my controller but the return doesnt work because its inside a function, how can I make it workbr I do it to ensure that the data is saved on the database and the redirect to panel.p  precodepublic function save  .  .  .  Offersavedfunctionoffer                       Loginfosaved      send email, etc.     return Redirecttopanel    codepre  pThank you for any help.p
Negative 387 pIm using Joomla 1.5 and Virtuemart 1. It might seem like a weird question but I need my URL to have www. written in the URL at all times. If the URL doesnt have www. then the cart functions dont work. If it does have it, then it does work. p  pIs there a way I can force this I am using Parallels Plesk 10.3.1 if I can do it on there.p
Negative 387 pI am passing a query string between asp.net pages in a VB.net application. I recieve the string by doing the followingp  precodeDim pagenameusername As String  Request.QueryStringfield1 codepre  pThe query string made up of a URL and a userid, and is sent via JavaScript.p  pThe string is then split in the VB page, by doing the followingp  precode  Dim parts As String  pagenameusername.SplitNew String , StringSplitOptions.None             Dim pagename As String  parts0             Dim username As String  parts1 codepre  pThis works fine for the following query stringp  precodefield1httpdefault.aspx1 codepre  pBut gives an outside the bounds of the array error for the following query stringp  precodefield1httpdocstorebrowse.aspxdocstoreid0ampdocstoretypeid21 codepre  pMy suspicion is that the second string is too long p  pIf so, how can I solve itp  pIf not, what is the problemp
Negative 387 pI have a long function that uses codeimagecreatefromjpegcode.p  precodefunction myFunction    ...   ...          im  imagecreatetruecolor600, 400   myImage  imagecreatefromjpeghttpexample.comfile.jpeg   imagecopyim, myImage , 5, 5, 0, 0, 48, 48   ...   ...   ...   ...    codepre  pI load jpeg file from remote URL. So due to server load sometimes I get   p  precodeWarning Warning 2 imagecreatefromjpeghttpexample.comfile.jpeg   failed to open stream Connection timed out in   [varwwwvhostsexample2.comhttpdocsmyfile.php, line 1851] codepre  pAll execution time is spent for this file, so request becomes unsuccessfull for the rest of my functionp  pAlthough I need to download up to date jpeg file, running remaining code is acceptable for me.p  pI look for such a solutionbr  Try this create image from jpeg filebr  If not successfull after 5 seconds, skipbr  Run remaining code.  p  pEditbr  I get this error occasionally. Most of the requests successfull. So allowurlfopen isnt a problem.br  This jpeg file changes frequently, like once an hour.p
Negative 387 pwe have a app that supports IOS 7 amp 8. we have a web page that loads google map with the different markers.p  pUIWebView is used to load above page. the page loads fine but, if we zoom in or zoom out too much on the map while in street view the app gets crashed without any crash logs. a. happens only when in street view. b. reproducible on safari as well if we use that page directly.p  pis that a bug on google maps api or if anyone can help fix this.p
Negative 387 pHow do you add a badge in GitHub README so that it is dynamic By badge, I mean img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLPdPH.png altenter image description herep  pThe question is even if one puts a URL in GitHub README which maps to a server returning an svgpng, how does it update automatically on GitHub README pagep  pAs an example if you visit the a hrefhttpsgithubshields.comgithubmaddyonlinecopyshieldsissues1.svg relnofollowlinka , youd see the updated status of the issue which is closed, but my GitHub a hrefhttpsgithub.commaddyonlinecopyshields relnofollowREADME pagea still shows outdated badge, that is, shows the issue being open.p  pWhat is an example server code say in golang which can render github badges dynamicallyp
Negative 387 pIm pretty new to rails and trying to get three models to work together with a hasmany through relationship, alternate class names on the join model, and a collectionselect form to add records to the join model. The three models are below. I have acceptsnestedattributesfor for all associations.p  pUser Modelp  precodehasmany matchopponents hasmany homeopponents, classname gt MatchOpponent, foreignkey gt homeopponentid hasmany awayopponents, classname gt MatchOpponent, foreignkey gt awayopponentid hasmany matches, through gt matchopponents codepre  pMatch Modelp  precodehasmany matchopponents hasmany homeopponents, classname gt MatchOpponent, foreignkey gt homeopponentid hasmany awayopponents, classname gt MatchOpponent, foreignkey gt awayopponentid hasmany users, through gt matchopponents codepre  pMatch Opponent Modelp  precodebelongsto user, inverseof gt matchopponents belongsto match, inverseof gt matchopponents codepre  pMy Matches Controller for new and create p  precodedef new   match  Match.new   match.homeopponents.build   match.awayopponents.build end  def create   match  Match.creatematchparams   homeopponents  match.homeopponents.createparams[matchopponents]   awayopponents  match.awayopponents.createparams[matchopponents]   if match.save      redirectto match, notice Match was successfully created.   end end codepre  pMy form p  precode simpleformfor match, html  multipart true  do f    simplefieldsfor homeopponents do ff      ff.collectionselect userid, User.all, id, name, , multiple true     simplefieldsfor awayopponents do ff      ff.collectionselect userid, User.all, id, name, , multiple true codepre  pRelevant permitted parameters for each model p  precodedef matchparams   params.requirematch.permitMatchMATCHATTRIBUTES end  MATCHATTRIBUTES  [matchopponentids gt [], userids gt [], matchopponentsattributes MatchOpponentMATCHOPPONENTATTRIBUTES]  def userparams   params.requireuser.permitUserUSERATTRIBUTES end  USERATTRIBUTES  [matchopponentids gt [], matchids gt [], matchopponentsattributes MatchOpponentMATCHOPPONENTATTRIBUTES]  def matchopponentparams   params.requirematchopponent.permitMatchOpponentMATCHOPPONENTATTRIBUTES end  MATCHOPPONENTATTRIBUTES  [id, homeopponentid, awayopponentid, matchid, userid] codepre  pIve tried a lot of different configurations of the models but cant get multiple records on the join model MatchOpponent to save with both matchid and userid recorded.p  pThanks in advance for any helpp
Negative 387 pThanks in advance.p  pI have searched high and low for a solution but just cant find it, surely its simpler than I think Basically I need to replicate the output of wplistcategories and change the codelta hrefgtcode to include a datafilter on the child categories. I can do this with no issues for the parent categories, however I cant seem to output the children categories also.p  pIs there any way to even add a datafilter to the outputted codelta hrefgtcode instead of replicating the entire outputp  pThis is my code so far, which only outputs the parent categories.p  precodeltul idondemandNavgt                     ltphp args  array                         taxonomy gt categoriestest,                         parent gt 0,                         hideempty gt 0                                           categories  getcategoriesargs                     catid  array                      foreachcategories as category                             echo ltli classparentitemgtlta hrefgt . categorygtname . ltagt .                           echo ltligt                          arraypushcatid, categorygttermid                       gt                 ltulgt codepre  pIs there an easy way to do thisp
Negative 387 pI am working on my first SSIS package. I have a view with data that looks something likep  precodeLoc   Data 1     asd 1     qwe 2     zxc 3     jkl codepre  pAnd I need all of the rows to go to different files based on the Loc value. So all of the data rows where Loc  1 should end up in the file named Loc1.txt, and the same for each other Loc.p  pIt seems like this can be accomplished with a conditional split to flat file, but that would require a destination for each Location. I have a lot of Locations, and they all will be handled the same way other than being split in to different files.p  pIs there a built in way to do this without creating a bunch of destination components Or can I at least use the script component to act as a wayp
Negative 387 pI am first time using custom data type in Hadoop. Here is my codep  pCustom data Type  arrays the sum the appearances during the week. each cell represent one dayp  precodepublic class Days implements Writable   private int[] days  public Days      days  new int[7]   public int[] getDays      return days   public void updateDayCountint day, int value     days[day]  value   public void addDaysint[] other     forint i0  ilt7  i         days[i]  other[i]   Override public void readFieldsDataInput in throws IOException      days  new int[7]     forint i0  ilt7  i         days[i]  in.readInt   Override public void writeDataOutput out throws IOException      forint i0  ilt7  i         out.writedays[i]   Override public String toString      String ans       forint i0  ilt7  i         ans  days[i]  ,     ans  ans.substring0, ans.length1     return ans  codepre  pMapper get the date  convert to day and add one to the specific cell in the datatypep  precodepublic void mapLongWritable key, Text value, Context context         throws IOException, InterruptedException        ifkey.get gt 0         String line  value.toString         String[] rowData  line.split,          ifrowData.length lt 6             return                   Days outDays  new Days          outUserID  getUserrowData          String time  rowData[timeData].replaceAll,           int day  1         try              day  getTheDaytime          catch ParseException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace                   error         ifday  1             return          outDays.updateDayCountday, 1          context.writeoutUserID, outDays       codepre  pI run this code an i get this EOFexception it said it on the readFields methodp  precodeReduceAttempt TASKTYPEREDUCE TASKIDtask2014120709573019r000000 TASKATTEMPTIDattempt2014120709573019r0000001 TASKSTATUSFAILED FINISHTIME1422358846237 HOSTNAMEbgubiserver02.haifa.ibm.com ERRORjava.io.EOFException at java.io.DataInputStream.readIntDataInputStream.java403 at myPack.Days.readFieldsDays.java35 codepre  pi really dont know why. does anyone can see why and have a solution maybe please help.p
Negative 387 pI am writing a space invaders knock off in java and I am almost done the actual working parts but I keep on getting this errorp  precodeException in thread AWTEventQueue0 java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException Index 0, Size 0 at java.util.ArrayList.rangeCheckArrayList.java653 at java.util.ArrayList.removeArrayList.java492 at GamePanel.shotDeleteSpaceInvaders.java261 at GamePanel.shieldHitSpaceInvaders.java198 at SpaceInvaders.actionPerformedSpaceInvaders.java44 at javax.swing.Timer.fireActionPerformedTimer.java313 at javax.swing.TimerDoPostEvent.runTimer.java245 at java.awt.event.InvocationEvent.dispatchInvocationEvent.java311 at java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImplEventQueue.java744 at java.awt.EventQueue.access400EventQueue.java97 at java.awt.EventQueue3.runEventQueue.java697 at java.awt.EventQueue3.runEventQueue.java691 at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method at java.security.ProtectionDomain1.doIntersectionPrivilegeProtectionDomain.java75 at java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventEventQueue.java714 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFiltersEventDispatchThread.java201 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilterEventDispatchThread.java116 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchyEventDispatchThread.java105 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsEventDispatchThread.java101 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsEventDispatchThread.java93 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.runEventDispatchThread.java82 codepre  pI know this has been asked before but no one wants to solve it. My code that this error is thrown at isp  precodepublic void shieldHit     enemy shots     ArrayListltIntegergtusedBadShotnew ArrayListltIntegergt     forint b0bltbadShotList.sizeb         forint i0iltshieldShape.lengthi             forint j0jltshieldShape[i].lengthj                 ifshieldShape[i][j]1                     int xcshieldLocXj6                     int yc375i6                     ifbadShotList.getb[x]ltxc6ampampbadShotList.getb[x]gtxcampampbadShotList.getb[y]ltyc6ampampbadShotList.getb[y]gtyc                         delete hit block                         shieldShape[i][j]0                          randomly delete left or right of spot                         int randintintMath.random101                         ifrandintlt33                             shieldShape[i][j1]0                                                  else ifrandintgt33ampamprandintlt67                             shieldShape[i][j1]0                                                  usedBadShot.addb                                                                         forint i0iltusedBadShot.sizei         badShotDeleteusedBadShot.geti          user shots     ArrayListltIntegergtusedShotnew ArrayListltIntegergt     forint b0bltshotList.sizeb         forint i0iltshieldShape.lengthi             forint j0jltshieldShape[i].lengthj                 ifshieldShape[i][j]1                     int xcshieldLocXj6                     int yc375i6                     ifshotList.getb[x]ltxc6ampampshotList.getb[x]gtxcampampshotList.getb[y]ltyc6ampampshotList.getb[y]gtyc                         delete hit block                         shieldShape[i][j]0                          randomly delete left or right of spot                         int randintintMath.random101                         ifrandintlt33                             shieldShape[i][j1]0                                                  else ifrandintgt33ampamprandintlt67                             shieldShape[i][j1]0                                                  usedShot.addb                                                                         forint i0iltusedShot.sizei         shotDeleteusedShot.geti       codepre  pPlease helpp
Negative 387 pAwhile ago I created a program that created socket connections and funneled their input to a single telnet connection to our legacy server. The goal of the project is to create a front end for the legacy database and eventually move to a modern database. I set it up in a way that I thought I would be able to scale out to multiple telnet connections. Well now its time for me to start using 24 connections to the legacy server and it doesnt work. It always sends input to the last connection made. Heres what Ive donep  pstrongClass 1  ServerConsolestrongp  precodepackage serverconsole  import java.io.IOException import java.net.ServerSocket import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.logging.FileHandler import java.util.logging.Level import java.util.logging.Logger import java.util.logging.SimpleFormatter       author Andrew   public class ServerConsole       public static ArrayListltBooleangt busy  new ArrayList     public static ArrayListltMvTelnetgt telnet  new ArrayList     static final Logger log  Logger.getLoggererrors     static FileHandler fh             param args the command line arguments           public static void mainString[] args          try ServerSocket serverSocket  new ServerSocket5500              Runtime.getRuntime.addShutdownHooknew Threadnew Runnable                  Override                 public void run                      if serverSocket  null                          try                              serverSocket.close                          catch IOException ex                              Logger.getLoggerServerConsole.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex                                                                            , Shutdownthread              fh  new FileHandlermntjavaprogramsServerConsoleerrors.log             log.addHandlerfh             SimpleFormatter formatter  new SimpleFormatter             fh.setFormatterformatter              forint i0 ilt2 i                  busy.addfalse                 telnet.addnull                           while true                  new MultiServerThreadserverSocket.accept.start                       catch IOException e              System.err.printlne             System.exit1                    public static void logString str          log.infostr       codepre  pstrongClass 2  MultiServerThreadstrongp  precodepackage serverconsole  import java.io.BufferedReader import java.io.IOException import java.io.InputStreamReader import java.io.PrintWriter import java.net.Socket       author Andrew   public class MultiServerThread extends Thread       private Socket socket  null      public MultiServerThreadSocket socket throws IOException          superMultiServerThread         this.socket  socket           Override     public void run          try                  PrintWriter out  new PrintWritersocket.getOutputStream, true                 BufferedReader in  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReadersocket.getInputStream                           String input, output             while true                  input  in.readLine                 if input.equalsClose                      break                                  boolean written  false                 whilewritten  false                      for int i0i lt ServerConsole.busy.size i                          if ServerConsole.busy.geti  false                              ServerConsole.busy.seti, true                             if ServerConsole.telnet.geti  null                                  ServerConsole.telnet.seti, new MvTelnet                                                          String response  ServerConsole.telnet.geti.writeinput                             out.printlnresponse                             written  true                             ServerConsole.busy.seti, false                             break                                                                                         socket.close          catch IOException e              ServerConsole.loge.getMessage                codepre  pstrongClass 3  MvTelnetstrong     package serverconsolep  precodeimport java.io.BufferedWriter import java.io.DataInputStream import java.io.DataOutputStream import java.io.FileOutputStream import java.io.FileWriter import java.io.IOException import java.io.OutputStreamWriter import java.text.SimpleDateFormat import java.util.Calendar import org.apache.commons.net.telnet.EchoOptionHandler import org.apache.commons.net.telnet.InvalidTelnetOptionException import org.apache.commons.net.telnet.SuppressGAOptionHandler import org.apache.commons.net.telnet.TelnetClient import org.apache.commons.net.telnet.TerminalTypeOptionHandler import org.apache.commons.pool2.BasePooledObjectFactory import org.apache.commons.pool2.ObjectPool import org.apache.commons.pool2.PooledObject import org.apache.commons.pool2.impl.DefaultPooledObject       author Andrew   public class MvTelnet      static TelnetClient tc  null     private static DataInputStream in  null     private static DataOutputStream out  null     static String response  null     static FileWriter fstream  null     static BufferedWriter bout  null      public MvTelnet          Calendar cal  Calendar.getInstance         SimpleDateFormat sdf  new SimpleDateFormatHHmmss         try              tc  new TelnetClient             bout  new BufferedWriternew OutputStreamWriternew FileOutputStreammntjavaprogramsServerConsolelogsdf.formatcal.getTime.txt, UTF8             TerminalTypeOptionHandler ttopt  new TerminalTypeOptionHandlerVT100, false, false, true, false             EchoOptionHandler echoopt  new EchoOptionHandlertrue, false, true, false             SuppressGAOptionHandler gaopt  new SuppressGAOptionHandlertrue, true, true, true             try                  tc.addOptionHandlerttopt                 tc.addOptionHandlerechoopt                 tc.addOptionHandlergaopt              catch InvalidTelnetOptionException e                  ServerConsole.loge.getMessage                          tc.connect192.168.1.8, 2010             in  new DataInputStreamtc.getInputStream             out  new DataOutputStreamtc.getOutputStream             logontrue          catch IOException ex              ServerConsole.logex.getMessage                    public static String writeString command throws IOException          command  command  n         byte[] comm  command.getBytes         out.writecomm         out.flush         response  in.readLine         bout.writeresponsen         response  in.readLine         bout.writeresponsen         if response.contains[] Connect time              logonfalse             out.writecomm             out.flush             response  in.readLine             bout.writeresponsen             response  in.readLine             bout.writeresponsen                  bout.flush         return response           public static void close throws IOException          write...n         writeOFFn         tc.disconnect           private static void logonboolean choice throws IOException          String loginString  JAVATRANSn         byte[] logon  loginString.getBytes         if choice  true              response  in.readLine             bout.writeresponsen             bout.flush             response  in.readLine             bout.writeresponsen             bout.flush             out.writelogon             out.flush             response  in.readLine             bout.writeresponsen             bout.flush             response  in.readLine             bout.writeresponsen             bout.flush             if response.containsOK                  out.writelogon                 out.flush                 response  in.readLine                 bout.writeresponsen                 bout.flush                 while response.containsOK                      response  in.readLine                     bout.writeresponsen                     bout.flush                                           bout.flush          else              out.writelogon             out.flush             out.writelogon             out.flush             while response.containsOK                  response  in.readLine                 bout.writeresponsen                 bout.flush                               bout.flush       codepre  pIve since found Apaches commonpool library but I cant figure out how to implement it correctly while using my MvTelnet class as the object to pool. Is commonspool the right way to go, and if so, how do i implement itp  pstrongEDITstrong Alright I added all my code per a comment. I want to create a Pool of various MvTelnet objects that my sockets can send commands to. I dont have any of the Pool code in bc it was just a mess.p
Negative 387 pGurus, Am newbie in MVC. I am developing a web application for an Order Management System. I have devised architecture to have the following projects as part of my solutionp  ol liClient Presentation layer, MVCli liCrossCuttingServices  framework components like logging, caching, Data, Class libli liData Entity framework layer for DB interation, C class libli liServices Services layer to be consumed by Presentation, Web APIli ol  pQ1. My question is, where should I create my entity classes or Models, which will be used across Presentation to Services to Data Either in models of Presentation or in Web API service layer or as a seperate project C libraryp  pQ2. Also, let me know is there any generic implementation to invoke WebAPI services from Presentation controller.p
Negative 387 pI am using SQL Server 2008 and I have a column in a table, which has values like below. It basically shows departure and arrival information.p  pHeathrowDublinDublinHeathrowp  pGatwickLiverpoolLiverpoolCarlisle CarlisleGatwickp  pHeathrowDublinLiverpoolHeathrowp  pThe 3rd example shown above is slightly different where the person did not depart from Dublin, instead departed from a Liverpool.p  pThis makes the column too lengthy, and I want to remove only the adjacent duplicates, so the information can be shown like belowp  pHeathrowDublinHeathrowp  pGatwickLiverpoolCarlisleGatwickp  pHeathrowDublinLiverpoolHeathrowp  pSo, this would still show the correct travel route, but omits only the contiguous duplicates. Also, in the 3rd case, since the departure and arrival information location is not the same, Iwould like to show it as .p  pI found a post here that removes all duplicates a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10586932findandremoverepeatedsubstringsFind and Remove Repeated Substringsa but this is slightly different from the solution that I need.p  pCould someone share any thoughts pleasep
Negative 387 pHere is something that is stumping me. I am trying to get programmatically the Location attribute of a Mac OSX printer as defined using the Printers and Scanner Preference Pane. I have tried looking at the printer info via NSPrintInfo but it is not therep  pIppLocalDestinationinitWithServiceNameprinterConfigno...  NSPrinter printInfo      NSBottomMargin  90     NSCopies  1     NSDestinationFormat  com.apple.documentformat.default     NSDetailedErrorReporting  0     NSFaxNumber       NSFirstPage  1     NSHorizonalPagination  2     NSHorizontallyCentered  1     NSJobDisposition  NSPrintSpoolJob     NSJobSavingFileNameExtensionHidden  0     NSLastPage  2147483647     NSLeftMargin  72     NSMustCollate  1     NSOrientation  0     NSPagesAcross  1     NSPagesDown  1     NSPaperName  naletter     NSPaperSize  NSSize 612, 792     NSPrintAllPages  1     NSPrintProtected  0     NSPrintSelectionOnly  0     NSPrintTime  00001230 000000 0000     NSPrinter  n    Device Description      n        NSDeviceIsPrinter  YESn    n    Language Level  3n    Name  Officejet Pro 8600n    Type  HP Officejet Pro 8600n     NSPrinterName  Officejet Pro 8600     NSRightMargin  72     NSSavePath       NSScalingFactor  1     NSTopMargin  90     NSVerticalPagination  0     NSVerticallyCentered  1 p  pThere must be a way to get to this information... after all Apple is able to do in in the Print amp Scan Preference Pane p
Negative 387 pI need to run a simple requestresponse C module under an existing system with WindowsApacheFastCGI.p  pMany examples under Linux and other languages, not Windows and Cp  pIs there a example that runs under Windows and Cp
Negative 387 pInstalled MSSQL 2012 64 bit in a machine having OS Windows 7 64 bit. After installation when I click the Profiler it showing error like sql trace stopped the workingp  pPlease help me, urgent....p
Negative 387 pI have a very interesting case. Several of my InnoDB tables got somehow corrupted. The .frm files of the tables disappeared and only the .ibd files were left.p  pI thought no problem, I will restore these tables from the backup, so I deleted the .frm files and try to create the new tables with the same name, but every time I get the table already exists, the .ibd file gets created, but the .frm not.p  pBasically now I cannot create InnoDB tables with the given names in the given database. My only solution was to create MyISAM tables instead, but I would still like to know how to resolve this.p  pBelow is a detailed log of the eventsp  ol liTry to create the tableli ol  blockquote   pCREATE TABLE codeemployeecode      codeemployeeidcode varchar20 NOT NULL,br   PRIMARY KEY codeemployeeloginidcode USING BTREE    ENGINEInnoDB DEFAULT   CHARSETutf8 PACKKEYS1 ROWFORMATCOMPRESSEDp blockquote  ptable already existsp  ol start2 liTry to drop the table to show that it doesnt existli ol  blockquote   pDROP TABLE employeep blockquote  ptable doesnt existp  ol start3 lipI manually deleted the employee.ibd file there is no employee.frm filepli lipTry 1 again and receive the table already exists againpli ol  pI have restarted MySQL, no change. I have restarted the whole server, no change.p  pI cannot create an InnoDB table with the name employee in this tablespace anymore.p  pAny ideap
Negative 387 pIve compiled my library for a Blockchain API, located here a hrefhttpsgithub.comblockchainapiv1clientcsharp relnofollowhttpsgithub.comblockchainapiv1clientcsharpap  pIt needed a JSON library reference, which i hardly found, but resolved. The JSON library is called Newtonsoft.Json, im sure you guys are familiar with that. The version of the JSON library I used was also for NET framework 4.0, to be compatible.p  pSo then I imported into the References section the Blockchain API library, and it gives me this errorp  pWarning 1   The currently targeted framework     .NETFramework,Versionv4.0,ProfileClient does not include System.Web, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3a which the referenced assembly BlockchainAPI depends on. This caused the referenced assembly to not resolve. To fix this, either 1 change the targeted framework for this project, or 2 remove the referenced assembly from the project. p  pWhat can i do to resolve thisp
Negative 387 pI am creating a calendar where all the events are displayed in a single div. According to the codetopcode and codeheightcode values, the event should be placed in a determinate place. Let me show you.p  pIn this image, both events at 6am are at the same vertical alignment. I can solve that behavior using a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netmanix56z1kfj62 relnofollowcodefloat leftcodesupjsfiddlesupa. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comwEguD.png altenter image description herep  pIf events do not have codevertical alignmentcode conflics the height and top dont collide then I can emulate this behavior using a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netmanixfvt60mnk1 relnofollowcodeabsolute positioncodesupjsfiddlesupa but NOT codefloatcode. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comopVx6.png altenter image description herep  h3the issueh3  pThe real problem comes when I try to place the events at 9am and 940am and make them look like the image above. Asume the following propertiesp  ul licode900code height 50px, top 200pxli licode940code height 50px, top 230pxli libottom of code900 eventcode 200px  50px  250pxli litop of code930 eventcode 230pxli liThen, they are sharing code20pxcode 250px  230px vertically.li ul  pThat is why I tried to do something like thisp  precodeltdiv classcontainergt     ltdiv classevent styleheight 50px top 200px floatleftgt9 AMltdivgt     ltdiv classevent styleheight 50px top 230px floatleftgt940 AMltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  p...but float property does not work in elements with absolute position.p  h3Overviewh3  pMy idea is to treat the codetopcode value as a guide to place the event vertically in the calendar according to its hour. For example,p  ul li6am  top 100pxli li7am  top 150pxli li8pm  top 200pxli ul  h3Ways to achieveh3  pI tried to solve this by myself using pure ccs, but I do not mind apply javascript. However, I can not show you my attempts with javascript because I do not even can make a considerable css result. As I said before, I am using top property because I thought it could be easy position manipulation, but I could use another method if is necessary. Thank you in advance.p
Negative 387 pInstalling this plugin. The documents sayp  precode  Disabled by default, to enable add the following section to the footable   options       table.footable       memory          enabled true             codepre  pWhere the heck is this section to edit this code to enable I have been all over the repository and documentation and I still dont have a clue. p  pThis should be an easy one if someone could just point to where it goes...p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI have Ruby on Rails application. I using gem koala with method p  precodegraph.putconnectionsoptions[ownerid], feed,  message message,  link options[link]   codepre  pI get noticep  blockquote   pThe link to your publication may be unsafe It seems that in your post   there is a link that may be unsafep      pexample.rup      pPlease remove this link from your publication or enter the security   code below if you want to include a link in your post. noticep blockquote  pCan I somehow check safe link or not, or to get a list of all unsafe linksp
Negative 387 pAt the moment I have a web page that starts with an html file, and then proceeds through up to 6 further PHPcssjs files, depending on whether the users browser supports geolocation. I have looked at wp plugins like execPHP and PHPcodewidget, but what happens when the phphtml code being run want to pass userdata to the next php file At the moment, the 12 files in question are all in a single folder, but nowhere near the WP installation. Should I move this folder into the WP root The whole point of this exercise is to see the results of these php files as if it were coming from within WP.p
Negative 387 pIs it generally true even if I call a QPainter to give painter.drawImage.... Like in this post a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1242005whatisthemostefficientwaytodisplaydecodedvideoframesinqtWhat is the most efficient way to display decoded video frames in Qtap  pSo if I call QPainterdrawImage in the paintEvent of a QGLWidget, will it be faster compare with calling the drawImage in the paintEvent of a QLabel becuase QLabels paintEvent dont use the openGL enginep
Negative 387 pIm looking for a formula that will allow me to look for a value in a table and return any information if the value exists. Either TrueFalse or a number where it starts like search formula.  p  pThe problem is that I will be looking for a word codeApplecode and in the table there might be like p  pColumn Ap  ul liOrange li liApple, grapefruit li liPeach, tomato, carrot li liPotato li lietc.li ul  pSo everything is in one column but there might be more than one value in one cell. The values do not repeat. So in the table there will be only one codeApplecode. p  pIs there any way to do this with a formulap
Negative 387 pIve written this function to get the current time, like a custom time stamp, and Im getting an unexpected result. When the current minute is anywhere from 00 to 09, the Javascript method getMinutes returns from 0 to 9 respectively. Im using a switch to get this cases and add another 0 in front, but its not working as expected.p  pThis is my full codep  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodefunction horaActual    var d  new Date   var dia     var hora     var minutos      switch d.getDay      case 0       dia  Dom       break     case 1       dia  Lun       break     case 2       dia  Mar       break     case 3       dia  Mie       break     case 4       dia  Jue       break     case 5       dia  Vie       break     case 6       dia  Sb       break       switch d.getHours      case 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9       hora  0  Stringd.getHours       break     default       hora  Stringd.getHours       break       switch d.getMinutes      case 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9       minutos  0  Stringd.getMinutes       break     default       minutos  Stringd.getMinutes       break       return Stringdia     hora    minutos codepre div div p  pFor example, right now the function returns Lun 175 when it should return Lun 1705.p  pAny comments are welcomep
Negative 387 pI am trying to run transaction in SQL Server, where my code will insert data into MySQL server.p  pI begin a transaction inside a try catch block and from there I commitrollback.p  pThe problem is that I keep getting this errorp  precode1 rows affected OLE DB provider MSDASQL for linked server MySQLSERVE1 returned message [MySQL][ODBC 5.2a Driver]Optional feature not supported.  0 rows affected Msg 3930, Level 16, State 1, Procedure xxx Line 132 The current transaction cannot be committed and cannot support operations that write to the log file. Roll back the transaction. codepre  pHere is my code, what is the issue is it not possible to use codeOPENQUERYcode inside a transactionp  precodeBEGIN TRY     BEGIN TRANSACTION          CREATE TABLE finalList              Attemtps INT,             CAMPAIGNNAME VARCHAR255,             FINISHCODE VARCHAR255,             CALLDATE DATETIME,             AGENTID CHAR60,             Notes VARCHAR8000,             phone CHAR10,             MERCHANTAccount CHAR20,             CAMPID INT,             userid INT NULL,             callcodeid INT NULL,             resultcodeid INT NULL,             midid INT NULL,             accountid INT NULL                   CREATE INDEX mid ON finalListMERCHANTAccount         CREATE INDEX agentid ON finalListAGENTID         CREATE INDEX FINISHCODE ON finalListFINISHCODE         CREATE INDEX CAMPAIGNNAME ON finalListCAMPAIGNNAME          DECLARE campName varchar255         DECLARE sqlCommand varcharmax         DECLARE sqlCommandMySQL nvarcharmax         DECLARE LastRun datetime         DECLARE OPENQUERY nvarcharmax         DECLARE OPENQUERYFINAL nvarcharmax         DECLARE NOW datetime          DECLARE MYCURSOR CURSOR            LOCAL STATIC READONLY FORWARDONLY         FOR          SELECT LTRIMRTRIMCallListName AS CallListName         FROM [SMSQL1].[MyDB].[dbo].[Campaigns]         WHERE dialercampaign  1 AND i3Server I3New AND ClientID  111 AND EndDate IS NULL OR EndDate gt getdate  7          OPEN MYCURSOR         FETCH NEXT FROM MYCURSOR INTO campName         WHILE FETCHSTATUS  0         BEGIN               SET OPENQUERY  SELECT LastRun  lr FROM OPENQUERYMySQLSERVE1,             SET sqlCommandMySQL  SELECT CASTIFNULLMAXlastRun, DATESUBNOW, INTERVAL 7 DAY  AS DATETIME  AS lr                                     FROM guardiandynamo.runtimesi3                                     WHERE CampaignListName  campName               SET OPENQUERYFINAL  OPENQUERY  sqlCommandMySQL              EXEC spexecutesql OPENQUERYFINAL, NLastRun datetime OUTPUT, LastRun output             SET NOW  GETDATE                            SET sqlCommand   INSERT INTO finalListAttemtps, CAMPAIGNNAME, FINISHCODE, CALLDATE, AGENTID, Notes, PHONE, MERCHANTAccount                                 SELECT ATTEMPTS, CAMPAIGNNAME, FINISHCODE, CASTCALLDATE AS DATETIME AS CALLDATE, AGENTID,Notes, PHONE, MERCHANTAccount                                  FROM [I3IC4].[dbo].[ campName ]                                 WHERE CALLDATE gt CASTLastRun AS varchar60 AND CALLDATE lt CASTNOW AS varchar60 AND ISNULLstatus, C IN U, E, A, F                EXEC sqlCommand              INSERT INTO OPENQUERYMySQLSERVE1, SELECT LastRun, CampaignListName                                             FROM mysqlDB.runtimesi3                                             LIMIT 1 VALUESNOW, campName              FETCH NEXT FROM MYCURSOR INTO campName         END         CLOSE MYCURSOR         DEALLOCATE MYCURSOR           fix the attempts         UPDATE finalList         SET Attemtps  Attemtps 1         WHERE Attemtps gt 0           Fix The Notes         UPDATE finalList         SET userid  1310         WHERE AGENTID             Fix The Notes         UPDATE finalList         SET RDINotes  NULL         WHERE RDINotes             UPDATE THE MIDS         UPDATE f         SET accountid  m.accountid,             midid  m.midid         FROM finalList AS f         INNER JOIN OPENQUERYMySQLSERVE1, SELECT m.accountid, m.mid, m.id AS midid                                         FROM mysqlDB.accountmids AS m                                         INNER JOIN mysqlDB.accounts AS a ON a.accountid  m.accountid                                         WHERE a.clientid  3 AS m ON m.mid  f.MERCHANTAccount           UPDATE THE MIDS         UPDATE f         SET userid  su.userid         FROM finalList AS f         INNER JOIN OPENQUERYMySQLSERVE1, SELECT loginuser AS agentid, userid                                         FROM mysqlDB.users AS su ON su.agentid  f.AGENTID           UPDATE CALL CODES         UPDATE f         SET callcodeid  cc.callcodeid         FROM finalList AS f         INNER JOIN OPENQUERYMySQLSERVE1, SELECT callcodetitle, callcodeid                                         FROM mysqlDB.callcodes WHERE clientid  3 AS cc ON cc.callcodetitle  f.CAMPAIGNNAME           UPDATE CALL CODES         UPDATE f         SET resultcodeid  rc.resultcodeid         FROM finalList AS f         INNER JOIN OPENQUERYMySQLSERVE1, SELECT resultcodetitle, resultcodeid                                         FROM mysqlDB.resultcodes AS rc ON rc.resultcodetitle  f.FINISHCODE           SELECT  FROM finalList where accountid IS NULL OR resultcodeid IS NULL OR callcodeid IS NULL OR userid IS NULL         DROP TABLE finalList     COMMIT TRANSACTION END TRY BEGIN CATCH     IF TRANCOUNT gt 0     BEGIN         DROP TABLE finalList         ROLLBACK TRANSACTION      END END CATCH codepre
Negative 387 pI am developing a windows phone app which uses Facebook authentication.When i hit login button it is not working I mean the click event is fired everything is OK but The Facebook app in windows phone is not opening for app based authentication.p  precodeprivate void LoginButtonClickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e                      SessionStorage.Remove              FacebookSessionClient fb  new FacebookSessionClientAppId             fb.LoginWithAppbasicinfo,publishactions,readstream, customstatestring          codepre  pThis method was calling but this is not opening the Facebook app to process authentication. No error also Comingenter image description herep
Negative 387 pI have two different data base, one is codeDEVORADBcode which i use for development, and another one is codeUATORADBcode which tester use for testing. codeUATORADBcode have the most updated data which is not in development. I want to query tables from codeUATORADBcode database in codeDEVORADBcode. I was writing in codeDEVORADBcode in such a way but not getting the result  p  precodeSELECT  FROM TABLENAMEUATDEVORADB. codepre
Negative 387 pIm using Glassfish 3.1.2.2 with OpemMQ 4.5.2 remote mode. In my application, there is a subscriber of a JMS topic, that receives messages asynchronously, using a codeMessageListenercode.p  pWhen broker is stopped and started after a while, messages published to the JMS topic after restart are not received by the subscriber.p  pWhat is the best way to recover the topic subscriberp  pIve tried codeExceptionListenercode, but apparently its not supported when running my application on Glassfish.p
Negative 387 pDoes anyone have a working DownloadLink for the MySQL Quota Daemon by Remigiusz Modrzejewski  The Links on his site seem to be broken and there are no contact opportunities p  pThe official site is a hrefhttplrem.netsoftwaremysqlquotadaemon.html relnofollowhttplrem.netsoftwaremysqlquotadaemon.htmlap
Negative 387 pFirst of all, I know that this question has been asked before maybe more than once, like this one for instance a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions24898684androidstudionojvminstallationfoundAndroid Studio  No JVM Installation founda but i couldnt know the path that i have to refered to.p  pi already installed codejdk8u31windowsx64code and i am working on codewindows 7 64 bitcode, when i open Android Studio, i got messagep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6Crip.png altenter image description herep  pit seems obvious that i should add a codeJAVAHOMEcode system variable, but what is the value of that variable p  pafter installing codejdk8u31windowsx64code, i found this folder on my computer  codeCProgram Files x86Javajre1.8.031code, should I refered to it or to the bin inside it or should I install other stuffp  h3Note 1h3  pwhen I type codejava versioncode on my cmd, I got thisp  precodejava version 1.8.031 JavaTM SE Runtime Environment build 1.8.031b13 Java HotSpotTM 64Bit Server VM build 25.31b07, mixed mode codepre  h3Note 2h3  pYesterday I formatted my laptop and installed the latest version of java from the official website of javap
Negative 387 pIve an .htaccess code for redirecing search result page.p  precodeRewriteRule search[azAZ09] search.phpquery1 [L,NC] codepre  pSo when you go searchblabla you simply go to search.phpqueryblablap  pIt works, no problem. When I write address bar searchblabla it shows results.p  pThe problem is, when I use my search form, it sends me to search.phpqueryblabla no suprisep  pHere is my form codep  precodeltform idsearch namesearch actionsearch.php methodgetgt     lttablegt         lttrgt             lttdgtltinput typetext size20 maxlength100 namequery idquerygtlttdgt             lttdgtltinput typesubmit valueSearchgtlttdgt         lttrgt     lttablegt ltformgt codepre  pI want this form to redirect me to searchquery not search.phpqueryqueryp  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 387 pI am having a similar problem to others downloading my ipython notebooks with headings as html files. at first it said that the pandoc was not in my path. I inserted the correct directory there as per this suggestion a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions23620321convertipython20notebooktohtmlfromthefilemenuConvert IPython 2.0 notebook to html from the 39file39 menua. Now I am getting this error in my browser p  precodenbconvert failed [Error 2] The system cannot find the file specified codepre  pThis is the error I am getting in the shellp  precodeCUsersrebortzAnacondalibsitepackagesIPythonnbconvertfiltersmarkdown.py78 UserWarning Node.js 0.9.12 or later wasnt found. Nbconvert will try to use Pandoc instead.    Nbconvert will try to use Pandoc instead. WARNINGtornado.general500 GET nbconverthtmlHW202.ipynbdownloadtrue 1 nbconvert failed [Error 2] The system cannot find  the file specified ERRORtornado.access   AcceptLanguage enUS,enq0.8,   AcceptEncoding gzip, deflate, sdch,   Connection keepalive,   Accept texthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,imagewebp,q0.8,   UserAgent Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 WOW64 AppleWebKit537.36 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome40.0.2214.111 Safari537.36,   Host localhost8888,   Referer httplocalhost8888notebooksHW202.ipynb  ERRORtornado.access500 GET nbconverthtmlHW202.ipynbdownloadtrue 1 335.00ms refererhttplocalhost8888notebooksHW20 2.ipynb codepre  pI also installed pywin32 per another suggestion. Updated my nodewebkit. I am using Windows 7 Professional. p  pNote, it is only an issue with headings. If there are no headings, it appears to be working fine. p  pThanks all. p
Negative 387 pUseCase I have 13 database say d1, d2, d3.... d13 use same SQL Schema. I need to build a Django application which connects to the database based on user selection.p  pCan I do it in Database Router.  Any blog or sample code I can refer to thisp
Negative 387 pIm trying to draw a scatter plot with two different sets of axes. The first set of axes should be fixed to the left and bottom of the plot, scalable and zoomable i.e., traditional plot axes. The second set of axes should be fixed to the plot, and go through the center of the graph.p  pWhen the graph zooms, the two sets of axes arent scaling at the same rate, which means the outer axes dont accurately reflect the xy of the plotted data.p  pI have a jsfiddle demonstrating whats currently happening a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net0kctabch relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net0kctabchap  hr  pEDIT Removed the scale transform from the layer the inner axes are children of, as suggested by mgold. Now, the inner axes arent scaling at all on zoom. New fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net0kctabch1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net0kctabch1a p  pThe code is belowp  precodevar width  500,     height  500,     margin           top 0,         right 0,         bottom 25,         left 70       var pointWidth  2,     defaultZoom  1,     maxWidth  32768  var palette         lightgray 819090,       gray 708284,       mediumgray 536870,       darkgray 475B62,        darkblue 0A2933,       darkerblue 042029,        paleryellow FCF4DC,       paleyellow EAE3CB,       yellow A57706,        orange BD3613,       red D11C24,       harshRed ff0000,       pink C61C6F,       harshPink ff6699,       purple 595AB7,       blue 2176C7,       green 259286,       yellowgreen 738A05 , colors       selectedPoint palette.darkerblue,     background palette.mediumgray,   Create scales var xScale  d3.scale.linear     .domain[0, maxWidth]     .range[1  maxWidth  pointWidth  2, maxWidth  pointWidth  2]  var yScale  d3.scale.linear     .domain[0, maxWidth]     .range[1  maxWidth  pointWidth  2, maxWidth  pointWidth  2]  var bottomScale  d3.scale.linear     .domain[0, maxWidth]     .range[1  maxWidth  pointWidth  2, maxWidth  pointWidth  2]  var leftScale  d3.scale.linear     .domain[0, maxWidth]     .range[1  maxWidth  pointWidth  2, maxWidth  pointWidth  2]   Create Axes var xAxis  d3.svg.axis         .scalexScale         .ticks640  var yAxis  d3.svg.axis         .scaleyScale         .ticks640         .orientleft  var bottomAxis  d3.svg.axis         .scalebottomScale         .ticks640         .tickSizeheight  var leftAxis  d3.svg.axis         .scaleleftScale         .ticks640         .tickSizewidth         .orientleft   Create map var map  d3.selectmap.appendsvg         .stylebackground, colors.background         .attrwidth, width  margin.left  margin.right         .attrheight, height  margin.top  margin.bottom  function createMap       allPoints  map.appendg         .attrid,allPoints      xGuide  allPoints.appendg     xAxisxGuide     xGuide.attrtransform, translate  width2  margin.left  ,   height2           .selectAllpath             .style fill none, stroke 000      xGuide.selectAllline         .style stroke 000       yGuide  allPoints.appendg     yAxisyGuide     yGuide.attrtransform, translate  width2  margin.left  ,   height2           .selectAllpath             .style fill none, stroke 000      yGuide.selectAllline         .style stroke 000       bottomGuide  map.appendg     bottomAxisbottomGuide     bottomGuide.attrclass, x axis     bottomGuide.attrtransform, translate  width2  margin.left  ,   height           .selectAllpath             .style fill none, stroke 000      bottomGuide.selectAllline         .style stroke 000       leftGuide  map.appendg     leftAxisleftGuide     leftGuide.classedy axis, true     leftGuide.attrtransform, translate  margin.left  ,   height2           .selectAllpath             .style fill none, stroke 000      leftGuide.selectAllline         .style stroke 000       applyZoom   function applyZoom      var setZoom  d3.behavior.zoom         .scale1         .scaleExtent[0, 10]         .xbottomScale         .yleftScale         .onzoom, zoom       d3.selectmap svg.callsetZoom   function zoom      d3.selectallPoints          .attrtransform, translate  d3.event.translate.join,  scale  d3.event.scale           .attrtransform, translate  d3.event.translate.join,       map.select.x.axis.callbottomAxis     map.select.y.axis.callleftAxis  createMap codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to implement login Authentication module in AngularJS. Now Im left with implementing logout.p  pstrongLogoutstrongp  pIm updating login, logout and session info in codeSessionHistorycode table mainly not to allow 2 different session for a single user at a particular time.p  pSo, function for updating logout info should be triggered for the following,p  ol liWhen user logs out from the app.li liWhen user is idle Session timeout.li liWhen browser is closed.li ol  pFirst point I did, second point, Ill manage to do Finding many articles and questions in stackoverflow as well. p  pBut Im not sure how to trigger the logout function to update in database automatically, when browser is closed. I did not managed to get any article. Please help me with this. Im also new to AngularJSp  pThanks in advance. p
Negative 387 pI need to know, where I can see these packages under SSMS 2012 while connecting to server where DTS packages are actually stored.p  pAs this is first time I am going to play around DTS packages so not sure what server type databse engine, integration serve etc I need to select while connecting.p
Negative 387 pI need to compare two dates. which I read one of them from my database that its type is codeStringcode. so first i convert codeStringcode to codeDatecode in the specific format that i need, then I get the second codeDatecode from system again in the format that I want. my problem is even when they are same i get unexpected result.p  pmy code isp  precodepublic class SaharDateComparerActivity extends Activity   Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitysahardatecomparer     SimpleDateFormat dateFormat  new SimpleDateFormatddMMyyyy     String dateString 18022015       Date datee  convertStringToDatedateString     Log.iSAHAR,date 1   dateFormat.formatdatee.toString       Date myDate  new Date     Log.iSAHAR, date 2  dateFormat.formatmyDate.toString      int testttt    datee.compareTomyDate     boolean a  datee.toString.equalsmyDate.toString     Log.iSAHAR, date compared  String.valueOftestttt     Log.iSAHAR, date equal  String.valueOfa    public Date convertStringToDateString strDate       String startDateString  06272007     DateFormat df  new SimpleDateFormatddMMyyyy     Date date  null     try          date  df.parsestrDate         String newDateString  df.formatdate         System.out.printlnnewDateString      catch ParseException e          e.printStackTrace          return date    codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJxrTF.png altand what i get is thisp  pas you can see my two dates are same but i get 1 when i use codecompareTocode and codefalsecode when i use codeequalscode methodp
Negative 387 pI am not able to determine whether a customer using the Lync client left a  conversation due to a timeout or if the person closed the window. I am using the following event handler to check. After looking through the data in the variables, I still have the question  p  pIs there a way in UCMA to check whether the customer timed outp  precodevoid ImCallStateChangedobject sender, CallStateChangedEventArgs e      if e.State  CallState.Terminating  e.State  CallState.Terminated             Program Logic .....       codepre
Negative 387 pIs it possible to get strongnumber of selected rowsstrong using Medoo I havent found anything about it in the documentation.p  pLike numrows in mysqli or rowCount in pdo.p
Negative 387 pIn one of my website, there is some issue in Page Load performance. We are judging the performance using Fiddler2 and HTTPwatch 9.4.p  pIn Fiddler, we can see the pageload time is about 45 secs. But, if I check in the HTTPWatch then it is showing the HTTPLoad time is 910 secs.This comprises DOM Load, Page Load and HTTP Load time.p  pCan somebody please confirm why there is a difference p
Negative 387 pI have a php page that authenticates the user and then would show, in this case a video.p  precodeltvideo classvideos preloadautoplaygt ltsource src..assetsvideosvideo.mp4 typevideomp4gt ltvideogt codepre  pI need to protect files like, mp4, png, jpg, pdf, ect.. from direct access, so anyone cant just type the url location and see the file.p  pCould the video file be outside the web root and still be embedded on the page with some kind of fetching scriptp  p.htaccess password protection is not a good option for me because users are already logged in to view the page. I would not like to make users submit a second username and password.p  pLet me know your thoughts p
Negative 387 pIm trying to automate a lengthy workflow of clicks in an internal application for work. Im actually a recruiter, and I want to bind a series of browser actions to one key using ShortKeys Chrome extension. p  pIve worked out everything in JavaScript except one field that I cant seem to change the value of. I dont have access to the source code, but the HTML element is as followsp  precodeltinput typetext classinputtext textInput nametimedisplaytime value1254 pm placeholderAdd a time autocompleteoff ariaautocompletelist ariaexpandedfalse ariaownstypeaheadlistum2 ariahaspopuptrue rolecombobox spellcheckfalse arialabelAdd a time idum3 tabindex0gt codepre  pIm attempting to change the value attribute to a specific time, but usingp  precodeelement.value  newtime codepre  pdoesnt seem to work. I think the problem is that this particular input dynamically generates a drop down of suggested values based on what the user is typing. Therefore, if I want to change the value of the input, I need to simulate a user typing in 930 am, for example, and then hitting the return key. Anyone have any advice Thanks in advancep
Negative 387 pIm creating and placing a Fragment like thisp  precodeFragmentTransaction ft  getSupportFragmentManager.beginTransaction Fragment fragment  Fragment.instantiategetApplicationContext, item.getFragmentClass.getName  ft.replaceR.id.contentframe, fragment, selectedNavItem ft.commit codepre  pUntil I migrated from Eclipse to Android Studio everything was OK. But after migration my splashscreen which is an activity with fragment too is running but when I switch to mainactivity with calling the fragment like above  it sometimes works and sometimes not  it calls the codeonCreatecode in Fragment but strongnotstrong the codeonCreateViewcode and just stops on showing a black screen. p  pMaybe there are some problems with the including of librariesp  pHere is my build.gradle with dependenciesp  precoderepositories      mavenCentral   dependencies      compile fileTreedir libs, include .jar     compile com.google.android.gmsplayservices6.5.87     compile com.android.supportsupportv1321.0.3     compile com.android.supportcardviewv721.0.3     compile com.melnykovfloatingactionbutton1.1.0     compile com.astuetzpagerslidingtabstrip1.0.1     compile com.actionbarsherlockactionbarsherlock4.4.0aar     compile com.facebook.androidfacebookandroidsdk3.23.0     compile projectlibsSlidingMenuLibrary     compile projectlibsSwipeToDismissUndoListmaster  codepre  pSome help would be very appreciated, because Im really desperate.p
Negative 387 pIm researching on the perceptron Algorithm in machine learning.Till now,I understood the following things about the perceptronp  precode1Its a supervised learning technique 2It tries to create a hyper plane that linearly separates the class      labels ,which is when the perceptron converges 3if the predicted output and the obtained output from the algorithm      doesnot match it adjusts its weight vector and bias. codepre  pHowever,I couldnot understand  what happens to the weight vector if thebr    perceptron doesnot acheive convergence Do the algorithm keeps onbr    updating the weight vectorp
Negative 387 pI try to implement my strongcategory of UIButtonstrong so that the button instance can have predefined attributes like border color, border corner, etc. Here is my code to setup the button in .m file of my categoryp  precodevoidbuttonForMe      [[self layer] setCornerRadius2]     [[self layer] setBorderColorself.tintColor.CGColor]     [[self layer] setBorderWidth1]  codepre  pAs you can see on my 2nd line, I set the borderColor to be tintColor so that when a user touch the button, the border also fades like the text. strongBut it didnt work.strong. I search around a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21192506tintcolorincustomborderofuibuttonTintcolor in custom border of UIButtona and follow the answer and strongit didnt work eitherstrong. p  precodevoidtintColorDidChange      [super tintColorDidChange]     [self setNeedsDisplay]     NSLogcolor changed  codepre  pI found that the above method never called although the tintcolor of my Buttons Text did change whenever I pressed. Just dont know why that method never called Is it because I implement a Category not a Subclass of UIButton Thanks.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to make it possible to add something to my guestbook through the website. But the problem is I fail to insert into the database. Using my WAMP server I can insert into it directly using the query down here. p  pIve tested the name variables as well and they are properly filled in. Ive switched con and sql. and I tried to format the query in different ways without with . But not even one option seems to work. The connection with my DBS works I didnt include that part here. I tried mysqlquery and mysqlIquery.p  pMy WAMP server has phpmysqli enabled. And when I run this it doesnt give any errors.p  pDo you guys know what Im doing wrongp  precodecon  mysqliconnecthost, username, passwordor diecannot connect mysqliselectdbcon, dbnameor diecannot select DB  datetimedateymd his date time name POST[name] email POST[email] comment POST[comment] sqlINSERT INTO guestbookname, email, comment, datetime VALUESname,email,comment,datetime mysqlquerysql,con codepre  p link to view guestbook page     headerlocationviewguestbook.phpp
Negative 387 pI am building a collection view that will allow a user to add data as they want. The collection view will start out small screen width, 30px height, and I want it to grow in height as new cellsrows are added. It should stop growing when it hits the bottom of the view controllers view.p  pThe collection view is the ONLY view in the view controller just for testing purposes and starts out just below the top layout guide below status bar.p  pI tried adding the following constraints to the collection view, but it doesnt grow and I have constraint warnings in storyboard of Inequality Constraint Ambiguityp  precodeLeading Space Trailing Space Top Space to Superview Bottom Space to Bottom Layout Guide gt 0 Height gt 30 codepre  pWhat am I doing wrong What constraints in storyboard do I need to addfixp
Negative 387 pI have a site building with Wordpressp  pa hrefhttpeventos.dacproiect.ro relnofollowhttpeventos.dacproiect.roap  pOn the first page is a slider, jquery script that has built me this error.p  precodeUncaught referenceerror e is not defined codepre  pThis is my scriptp  precode  function      var firstImage  slidercontent .sliderimgfirst.index    var lastImage  slidercontent .sliderimglast.index     var currentImage  firstImage    var nextImage  firstImage  1    var prevImage  lastImage     var sliderImages  slidercontent .sliderimg    var sliderContent  slidercontent     var sliderImageWidth  parseFloatsliderImages.eq0.csswidth     buttonnext.clickfunction         nextImage  currentImage  lastImage  firstImage  currentImage  1        sliderContent.animate left nextImage  sliderImageWidth         currentImage  nextImage        e.preventDefault   ERROR        buttonprev.clickfunction         prevImage  currentImage  firstImage  lastImage  currentImage  1        sliderContent.animate left prevImage  sliderImageWidth         currentImage  prevImage        e.preventDefault  ERROR     jQuery codepre  pThis is the code where I integrated script Functions.PHPp  precode  addactionwpenqueuescripts,myscriptmethod  function myscriptmethod      wpenqueuescriptscript, gettemplatedirectoryuri.jssliderjsjqueryslider.js, arrayjquery, null, true     wpenqueuestylescriptstyle,  gettemplatedirectoryuri.jsslidercssstyle.css   codepre  pI searched information about this error and found that a library should be added udev ... but do not know wherep  pCan you help me to solve this problem pleasep  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pIs it possible to add buttons or maybe other controls to an existing message box It would be very use full instead of making a form. If its not possible for an existing message box, is it possible to make a new component like thatp  pPS Im using win forms. And I know that you can add the yesno buttons. Like thisp  precodeDialogResult dialogResult  MessageBox.ShowSure, Some Title,MessageBoxButtons.YesNo ifdialogResult  DialogResult.Yes      do something  else if dialogResult  DialogResult.No      do something else  codepre  pThanks alreadyp
Negative 387 pWe all know JPEG, PNG and other files should be optimized before deploy using tools like ImageOptim, smushit, kraken etc.p  pDo we need to do the same for webp images I mean, is webp capable os storing useless bits like JPEG metadata or anything Or is webp naturally optimizedp  pIf there is a need to optimize WEBP, is there a tool to do this I tried the classic ones like ImageOptim and kraken but they reject my image.p  pIm creating my WEBP file exporting a JPEG as WEBP in Pixelmator, if that matters.p
Negative 387 precodeSt[1 5 1 2  1 6 1 3  1 7 2 4 1 8 3 1  1 9 1 6  2 10 5 7  3 11 6 8  4 12 7 1 5 1 1 10  6 1 9 11  7 1 10 12  8 1 11 1] countlegal0 a2 XSt2,  pull out the entire row of R to find out other actions count the other legal moves apart from a  for i14,    if Xi1   ia dont count if a or illegal move       continue     else       countlegalcountlegal1        Accountlegali       Ac     end   end    if sizeAc,21   a1Ac   else   a1datasampleAc,1comment 1 this command does not work , here I want to pick an element randomly from Ac   end   a1 codepre  blockquote   pAc is a row vector which is dynamically assigned values. I want to pick an element from Ac and assign it to a1 . The datasample commandcomment1 does not work and randperm does not work since it generates numbers from 1 to n . Your help is much appreciated. p blockquote
Negative 387 pjust got some great help which made the UIPickerView wheels work perfectly but they I have been trying to get the data in the 2nd and 3rd components to change dependant on the position of the 1st component.p  pI can get through some println lines to work out that the variable that I pull out whatConversion has the correct value but I have no idea how to change the array and make the UIPickerView update with the new values.p  pPlease help for my sanity and also I am going to have to put extra time in at work after spending nearly all day on these, what dozen lines of code.p  pThanks in advancep  pMottyp  precodeimport UIKit  class ViewController UIViewController, UIPickerViewDelegate   IBOutlet weak var picker1Label UILabel IBOutlet weak var picker2Label UILabel  IBOutlet weak var bigPicker UIPickerView  var wheelContents[[String]]  [] var length  [metres,feet,yards,inches,mm,cm,miles] var volume  [m3,US Gall,Imp Gall,Barrels, cubic FT,litres] var conType  [length,volume]   override func viewDidLoad      super.viewDidLoad      Do any additional setup after loading the view, typically from a nib.     bigPicker.delegate  self     wheelContents  [conType, length, length]    override func didReceiveMemoryWarning      super.didReceiveMemoryWarning      Dispose of any resources that can be recreated.    For main selection of type of conversion  returns the number of columns to display. func numberOfComponentsInPickerViewbigPicker UIPickerView gt Int      return wheelContents.count     returns the  of rows in each component.. func pickerViewbigPicker UIPickerView, numberOfRowsInComponent component Int gt Int      return wheelContents[component].count    func pickerViewbigPicker UIPickerView, titleForRow row Int, forComponent component Int gt String      return wheelContents[component][row]    func pickerViewbigPicker UIPickerView, didSelectRow row Int, inComponent component Int       var whatConversion  wheelContents[0][bigPicker.selectedRowInComponent0]      switchwhatConversion          case length         wheelContents  [conType, length, length]         bigPicker.numberOfRowsInComponentwheelContents[component].count          break            case volume         wheelContents  [conType, volume, volume]          break      default         break              codepre
Negative 387 pthis is a short question on title but the real question is if is possible to build a civilization using artificial intelligence. Creating Species with their own thoughts and ways to solve problems in other things.p  pIm still researching for ways to do this like neural network, genetic algorithm..but i want to know what you guys think about this.p
Negative 387 pI have linked an Access database to my program. It populates the DataGridView as it is intended to so that part of the program works. However, Im trying to get the DataGridView to update the Access database file with any changes that are made to it but after countless attempts at trying to fix my code or looking for an alternative solution, I am stumped.p  pCan anyone see anything wrong or something Ive missed out that would cause the code not to function as desired Thank you in advance.p  precodeImports System.Data.OleDb  Public Class frmDatabase  Dim con As New OleDbConnection Dim ds As New DataSet Dim dt As New DataTable Dim da As New OleDbDataAdapter   Private Sub frmDatabaseLoadsender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles MyBase.Load      con.ConnectionString  ProviderMicrosoft.Jet.OLEDB.4.0Data SourceCUsersJoeDocumentsVisual Studio 2012Projectsschool database viewerschool database viewerdbSchoolDatabase.mdb     con.Open     ds.Tables.Adddt     da  New OleDbDataAdapterSelect  from tableStudentDetails, con     da.Filldt     dgvStudentDetails.DataSource  dt.DefaultView     con.Close  End Sub  Private Sub cmdUpdateClicksender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles cmdUpdate.Click      con.ConnectionString  ProviderMicrosoft.Jet.OLEDB.4.0Data SourceCUsersJoeDocumentsVisual Studio 2012Projectsschool database viewerschool database viewerdbSchoolDatabase.mdb     con.Open     ds.Tables.Adddt     da  New OleDbDataAdapterSelect  from tableStudentDetails, con     da.Updatedt     con.Close  End Sub End Class codepre
Negative 387 pIm getting this error in Sonar Qube while running the sonarrunner on a project that contains JS,HTML,Scala,CSS.p  precodeINFO   INFO EXECUTION FAILURE  INFO   Total time 137.623s  Final Memory 16M639M  INFO   ERROR Error during Sonar runner execution  org.sonar.runner.impl.RunnerException Unable to execute Sonar                  at org.sonar.runner.impl.BatchLauncher1.delegateExecutionBatchLauncher.java91                  at org.sonar.runner.impl.BatchLauncher1.runBatchLauncher.java75                  at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method                  at org.sonar.runner.impl.BatchLauncher.doExecuteBatchLauncher.java69                  at org.sonar.runner.impl.BatchLauncher.executeBatchLauncher.java50                  at org.sonar.runner.api.EmbeddedRunner.doExecuteEmbeddedRunner.java102                  at org.sonar.runner.api.Runner.executeRunner.java100                  at org.sonar.runner.Main.executeTaskMain.java70                  at org.sonar.runner.Main.executeMain.java59                  at org.sonar.runner.Main.mainMain.java53  Caused by java.lang.NoSuchMethodError org.sonar.plugins.surefire.api.SurefireUtils.getReportsDirectoryLorgsonarapiconfigSettingsLorgsonarapiresourcesProjectLjavaioFile                  at org.sonar.plugins.surefire.SurefireSensor.analyseSurefireSensor.java63                  at org.sonar.batch.phases.SensorsExecutor.executeSensorSensorsExecutor.java79                  at org.sonar.batch.phases.SensorsExecutor.executeSensorsExecutor.java70                  at org.sonar.batch.phases.PhaseExecutor.executePhaseExecutor.java122                  at org.sonar.batch.scan.ModuleScanContainer.doAfterStartModuleScanContainer.java222                  at org.sonar.api.platform.ComponentContainer.startComponentsComponentContainer.java93                  at org.sonar.api.platform.ComponentContainer.executeComponentContainer.java78                  at org.sonar.batch.scan.ProjectScanContainer.scanProjectScanContainer.java235                  at org.sonar.batch.scan.ProjectScanContainer.scanRecursivelyProjectScanContainer.java230                  at org.sonar.batch.scan.ProjectScanContainer.doAfterStartProjectScanContainer.java223                  at org.sonar.api.platform.ComponentContainer.startComponentsComponentContainer.java93                  at org.sonar.api.platform.ComponentContainer.executeComponentContainer.java78                  at org.sonar.batch.scan.ScanTask.scanScanTask.java65                  at org.sonar.batch.scan.ScanTask.executeScanTask.java52                  at org.sonar.batch.bootstrap.TaskContainer.doAfterStartTaskContainer.java128                  at org.sonar.api.platform.ComponentContainer.startComponentsComponentContainer.java93                  at org.sonar.api.platform.ComponentContainer.executeComponentContainer.java78                  at org.sonar.batch.bootstrap.BootstrapContainer.executeTaskBootstrapContainer.java171                  at org.sonar.batch.bootstrapper.Batch.executeTaskBatch.java95                  at org.sonar.batch.bootstrapper.Batch.executeBatch.java67                  at org.sonar.runner.batch.IsolatedLauncher.executeIsolatedLauncher.java48                  at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method                  at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57                  at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43                  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606                  at org.sonar.runner.impl.BatchLauncher1.delegateExecutionBatchLauncher.java87                  ... 9 more codepre  pI did a bit of googling and got to know that SurefireUtils API is different depending on whether or not the Java plugin is installed and hence it throws error. I have tried a different version also but without any help. p  pVersion Detailsp  pSonarqube Version  5.0.1p  pJavaplugin  2.8p  pSonarsurefire  3.3.2p  pI would prefer not to change the sonarqube installations and versions of other plugin. Another link on Github shows a solution to a similar problem. It didnt help me. Im not able to fix it.p
Negative 387 pI am loading menu using codengincludecode from index file,p  precodeltspan ngincludeappcomponentscommonmenu.htmlgtltspangt codepre  pmenu.html is,p  precodeltli ngclassactive gt         lta hrefitemsgtlti classfa falg fafw falistgtltigt ltspan classmenuitemparentgtItemsltspangtltagt     ltligt     ltligt     ltli classactivegt         lta hrefclientsgtlti classfa falg fafw fagroupgtltigt ltspan classmenuitemparentgtClientsltspangtltagt     ltligt codepre  phere normal class,which is second one,working fine.But first one,codengclassactivecode is not working,Any ideap
Negative 387 pI have a singledimension array with values grouped according to a natural break algorithm Jenks, for the interested. I would like to make another array with elements based on the groups of the initial array. Here is an examplep  precodeimport numpy as np arr  np.array[1, 42, 1, 1, 2, 43, 2, 3, 44, 41, 42] bins  np.array[1.0, 3.0, 44.0] rank  1  arr  bins[0]  Next two lines to be optimized for i in xrangelenbins  1     rank[arr gt bins[i] amp arr lt bins[i1]]  bins[i1] print rank  [ 1 44  1  1  3 44  3  3 44 44 44] codepre  pExplained, this goes through intervals ema, b]em in codebinscode and assigns to coderankcode the value of embem for all elements of codearrcode in the interval. This code snippet produces the output I want, but the loop can take a long time when codebinscode is large. Is there a more efficient way to do this, possibly using some numpy toolp
Negative 387 pIm using searchkick in my rails app. When user types letters of the name he wants to find into form, I get it with params[query]. The fields names are name, login, passwd. The result of searching returns in table. Something like thisp  precodeenv1something.com login1 passwd1 env1something.com login2 passwd2 env2something.com login1 passwd2 env2something.com login2 passwd2       .... codepre  pSearching works fine returning all matched names but the question is how can I get only those fields where the name matches query AND login  login1 for example p  pWill appreciate your help. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pIm working on CAS server, and it is highly required that if we have more than three failed login attempts, for fourth time there has to be captcha. In order to accomplish this process, I have usedp  blockquote   pcontext.getFlowScope.putcount, countp blockquote  pin which, the count variable counts the number of failed attempts. with Google Chrome it works fine, but with Mozilla FireFox, after second attempt, surprisingly the count variable gets zero again.p
Negative 387 pI have a view with a div that have a unique ID named thumb with codedisplaynonecode as style. Now on loading of another page I wish to show it, and also check if that div was already shown. I tried without success with thisp  precodeltdiv onloadmusicplayergt  ltdivgt  ltscriptgt function musicplayer      document.getElementByIdthumb.style.display  block   ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 387 pI am trying to make a subscribe page on our podcast and I really like the way one site laid theres outp  pa hrefhttponepiecepodcast.comsubscribe relnofollowhttponepiecepodcast.comsubscribeap  pOn their site, you can click BeyondPod and in Android you will get the dialog box asking if you want to complete the action using the browser raw XML or an app you have installed BeyondPod. The funny thing is they are using the same anchor in all three so I am thinking the device handles it differently and it is more of an illusion.p  pThe problem is, I cannot replicate that on my site. On my site it just brings you to the raw XML feed and never gives you the pop up suggestion. I do not think they are doing anything special, in the onclick they are just sending google analytics. Is there a special way to allow this popup. What makes the pop up work on their site but not minep
Negative 387 pI have an Access 2013 form which is attached to its table in the database. After entering dummy data, I wanted to delete the records from the table, and start fresh with a New blank record. Likewise, I want the form to start from New as well in the RecordID control box.p  pIve written the following queries to achieve both clearing table records, and resetting the AutoNumber back to code1code which should set the RecordID in the form back to codeNewcode... as no record exists in the table after running the queries one after the otherp  precodeDELETE  FROM tblTestTableOne  WHERE intRecordID gt 1  ALTER TABLE tblTestTableOne  ALTER COLUMN intRecordID AUTOINCREMENT 1, 1 codepre  pOf course the query works, but in one particular form, the codeintRecordIDcode keeps displaying a code1code in the box, while table displays codeNewcode for that column.  Ive checked this on another formtable in another database, and both the table and form RecordID display amp reset properly to codeNewcode, once I run those queries. Is this a bug in Access Im running into, as I cannot seem to get the certain form to behavep  pIve tried removing the entire control, rebinding it from its source, yet the form still populates a code1code instead showing up as codeNewcode, when no records exist in the relative table. Any thoughts on whats the cause here I cant add pics yet, else Id upload the print screens.p
Negative 387 pI have User Entityp  pUser.phpp  p  precodenamespace BackUserBundleEntity  use FOSUserBundleModelUser as BaseUser use DoctrineORMMapping as ORM use SymfonyComponentValidatorConstraints as Assert use SymfonyComponentHttpFoundationFileUploadedFile use SymfonyComponentSecurityCoreUtilSecureRandom      ORMEntity   ORMHasLifecycleCallbacks   ORMTablenamefosuser   class User extends BaseUser              ORMId       ORMColumntypeinteger       ORMGeneratedValuestrategyAUTO           protected id             ORMColumntypestring, length255                 private firstname             ORMColumntypestring, length255                 private lastname             ORMColumntypestring, length255                 private genre             ORMColumntypedate                 private datenaissance             ORMColumntypestring, length255                 private pays       ORMColumntypedatetime      private dateinscription      public function construct              parentconstruct         thisgtdateinscription  new DateTime                  return mixed           public function getId              return thisgtid                  param mixed id           public function setIdid              thisgtid  id                  return mixed           public function getLastName              return thisgtlastname                  param mixed lastname           public function setLastNamelastname              thisgtlastname  lastname                  return mixed           public function getGenre              return thisgtgenre                  param mixed genre           public function setGenregenre              thisgtgenre  genre                  return mixed           public function getFirstName              return thisgtfirstname                  param mixed firstname           public function setFirstNamefirstname              thisgtfirstname  firstname                  return mixed           public function getPays              return thisgtpays                  param mixed pays           public function setPayspays              thisgtpays  pays                  return mixed           public function getDateNaissance              return thisgtdatenaissance                  param mixed datenaissance           public function setDateNaissancedatenaissance              thisgtdatenaissance  datenaissance                  return mixed           public function getDateinscription              return thisgtdateinscription                  param mixed dateinscription           public function setDateinscriptiondateinscription              thisgtdateinscription  dateinscription                  ORMColumntypestring, length255, nullabletrue           private path             AssertFilemaxSize6000000           private file      private temp             return mixed           public function getFile              return thisgtfile                   return mixed           public function getPath              return thisgtpath                  param mixed path           public function setPathpath              thisgtpath  path                 param mixed path           public function setNullPath              thisgtpath  NULL                   Get root directory for file uploads             return string           protected function getUploadRootDirtypeprofilePicture           the absolute directory path where uploaded          documents should be saved         return DIR.........web.thisgtgetUploadDirtype                  Specifies where in the web directory profile pic uploads are stored             return string           protected function getUploadDirtypeprofilePicture           the type param is to change these methods at a later date for more file uploads          get rid of the DIR so it doesnt screw up          when displaying uploaded docimage in the view.         return uploadsuserprofilepics                  Sets file.             param UploadedFile file           public function setFileUploadedFile file  null              thisgtfile  file          check if we have an old image path         if isfilethisgtgetAbsolutePath               store the old name to delete after the update             thisgttemp  thisgtgetAbsolutePath          else              thisgtpath  NULL                           ORMPrePersist       ORMPreUpdate           public function preUpload              if null  thisgtgetFile              thisgtpath  thisgtgetFilegtguessExtension                           ORMPostPersist       ORMPostUpdate           public function upload              if null  thisgtgetFile              return                    check if we have an old image         if issetthisgttemp               delete the old image             unlinkthisgttemp              clear the temp image path             thisgttemp  null                    you must throw an exception here if the file cannot be moved          so that the entity is not persisted to the database          which the UploadedFile move method does         thisgtgetFilegtmove             thisgtgetUploadRootDir,             thisgtid...thisgtgetFilegtguessExtension                   thisgtsetFilenull                  ORMPreRemove           public function storeFilenameForRemove              thisgttemp  thisgtgetAbsolutePath                  ORMPostRemove           public function removeUpload              if issetthisgttemp              unlinkthisgttemp                    public function getAbsolutePath              return null  thisgtpath              null              thisgtgetUploadRootDir..thisgtid...thisgtpath          public function removeFile              tmp  thisgtgetUploadRootDir..thisgtid...thisgtpath         unlinktmp         codepre  pIn Controller I have p  precodepublic function deleteActionid      em thisgtgetDoctrinegtgetManager      pers emgtgetRepositoryBackUserBundleUsergtfindid     tmp  persgtgetFile     iftmp  NULL              persgtremoveFile         persgtsetFile         emgtpersistpers         emgtflush            return new RedirectResponsethisgtgetroutergtgeneratefosuserprofileshow  codepre  pAnd its work correctly and it deletes the file and clear the path  field .p  pMy problem now is to make a function to change the path field and the file.p  pIs there someone to help me and Thank you p
Negative 387 pI need to convert a 32 bpp image to 24, 16 bitdepths. Mine is a cocoa app in OS X. Which is the best way to do this I have the raw image data RGBA in NSData. Are there any frameworksAPIs or libraries that can be used in OS Xp
Negative 387 pIm wanting to create a 2D array with a set amount columns 5 but an indefinite amount of rows. It was suggested to use a list with an arraylist like so codeListltListltStringgtgt upload  new ArrayListltListltStringgtgtcode However this doesnt give me my 5 set columns I need. p  pMy second problem is the way Im feeding data into this 2D array. Im given an array of information 5 long to fit a row codeString[] ToUpload  One, Two,Three,Four,Fivecode. How would go about implementing a method that created a new row and merged that array into the row of the 2D array.p  pNew to Java so sorry if this seems a dumb question. Many thanksp
Negative 387 pI am following along with TutsPlus Real time web apps with angularjs and firebase. Referring to a hrefhttpsgithub.comyeomangeneratorangular relnofollowhttpsgithub.comyeomangeneratorangulara I ranp  precodenpm install g grunt bower yo generatorkarma generatorangular codepre  pAfter that I made a new project directory , cd into it and ran codeyo angularcode which gave the following errorp  precodeevents.js85       throw er  Unhandled error event              Error spawn grunt ENOENT     at exports.errnoException util.js74611     at Process.ChildProcess.handle.onexit childprocess.js104632     at childprocess.js113720     at process.tickCallback node.js35511 codepre  pI have searched for ages now and cant find the specific reason for the error. If someone could point me in the right direction please.. Thanks.p  plink to full output a hrefhttppastebin.comGqJQV1Dg relnofollowhttppastebin.comGqJQV1Dgap
Negative 387 pI just finish the my Delphi application upgrade to XE3 with Indy 10.6 and now needs support HTTPS protocol with SHA22048 cert. But I could not find any options for this algorithm and cert size.p  pI would like to know if IndyOpenSSL would handle this algorithm automatically or need special configuration in source Many thanksp
Negative 387 pIm want to convert an Excel XLTM file to XLSX format as part of a SpringBatch step.  Im using the following code to convert the filep  precodedef convertXltmToXlsxString oldFilename, String newFileName      OPCPackage pkg  OPCPackage.opennew FileInputStreamoldFilename     pkg.replaceContentType             applicationvnd.msexcel.template.macroEnabled.mainxml,             applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.mainxml      FileOutputStream out  new FileOutputStreamnewFileName     pkg.saveout     out.close  codepre  pHowever, when I try to open the file codeconverted.xlsxcode with Excel, I get the following messagep  precodeThe file converted.xlsx is a macrofree file, but contains macroenabled content. codepre  pWhen I amend the code to print the content type of the old and new files by doing thisp  precodedef parts  pkg.getParts parts.each  part gt     println Part type part.getContentType    do the conversion as before  OPCPackage newPkg  OPCPackage.opennew FileInputStreamnewFileName parts  newPkg.getParts parts.each  part gt     println New part type part.getContentType  codepre  pI then get the followingp  precodePart type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml Part type applicationxml Part type applicationxml Part type applicationxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.customXmlPropertiesxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.customXmlPropertiesxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.customXmlPropertiesxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.extendedpropertiesxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.corepropertiesxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.custompropertiesxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.calcChainxml Part type applicationvnd.msexcel.controlpropertiesxml Part type applicationvnd.msexcel.controlpropertiesxml Part type applicationvnd.msexcel.controlpropertiesxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.drawingxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.vmlDrawing Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.printerSettings Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.sharedStringsxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.stylesxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.themexml Part type applicationvnd.msoffice.vbaProject Part type applicationvnd.msexcel.template.macroEnabled.mainxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.worksheetxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.worksheetxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.worksheetxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.worksheetxml Part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.worksheetxml  New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml New part type applicationxml New part type applicationxml New part type applicationxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.customXmlPropertiesxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.customXmlPropertiesxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.customXmlPropertiesxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.extendedpropertiesxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.corepropertiesxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.custompropertiesxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.calcChainxml New part type applicationvnd.msexcel.controlpropertiesxml New part type applicationvnd.msexcel.controlpropertiesxml New part type applicationvnd.msexcel.controlpropertiesxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.drawingxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.vmlDrawing New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.printerSettings New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.sharedStringsxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.stylesxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.themexml New part type applicationvnd.msoffice.vbaProject New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.mainxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatspackage.relationshipsxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.worksheetxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.worksheetxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.worksheetxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.worksheetxml New part type applicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.worksheetxml codepre  pHow do I convert XLTM to XLSX pleasep
Negative 387 pIm trying to build an application where the following happensp  ol liA client requests a PDFhash from the server.li liThe server generates the hash of a PDFfile and sends this to the client.li liThe client signs this hash with his private key and sends the signed hash along with the public part of his own certificate.li liThe server generates a new, signed PDF file.li ol  pThe problem Im having with this It seems impossible for the server to generate a tobesigned hash without having the clients certificate available beforehand. Id really prefer to create a solution where the server does not need to know the clients certificate in order to create the document digest. p  pAll the examples I have found so far use the PdfPKCS7.getAuthenticatedAttributeBytes function to get the tobesigned hash, but this requires a client certificate to be known. I have looked at the Digital Signatures for PDF documents white paper by Bruno Lowagie, but I failed to see exactly what information is digested.p  pHeres a code snippet of my current attemptp  precodepublic byte[] simplePresignString src, String digestAlgorithm throws IOException, DocumentException, GeneralSecurityException      this.digestAlgorithm  digestAlgorithm     tsaClient  new CustomTSAClient      PdfReader reader  new PdfReadersrc     os  new ByteArrayOutputStream     PdfAStamper stamper  PdfAStamper.createSignaturereader, os, 0, PdfAConformanceLevel.PDFA1B     appearance  stamper.getSignatureAppearance      PdfSignature dic  new PdfSignaturePdfName.ADOBEPPKLITE, PdfName.ADBEPKCS7DETACHED     appearance.setCryptoDictionarydic      HashMapltPdfName, Integergt exc  new HashMapltPdfName, Integergt     exc.putPdfName.CONTENTS, getEstimatedSizenull, tsaClient  2  2     appearance.preCloseexc      InputStream data  appearance.getRangeStream     MessageDigest mDigest  DigestAlgorithms.getMessageDigestdigestAlgorithm, null      return DigestAlgorithms.digestdata, mDigest   codepre  pUnfortunately this hash does not seem to be correct, signing this hash and generating a signed document based on the signed hash leads to an invalid signature. p  pI would be most grateful if someone can help me improve this code snippet, or otherwise give me some insight in the data that I need to digest for a signature.p
Negative 387 pOn my local machine, I built a little shiny app to do some filtering and plotting. The following func is what I usep  precodehighPassFilter lt functionx       alpha1 lt cos.7072pi48sin.7072pi481cos.7072pi48      HP lt 1alpha121alpha12x2lagxlagx,2      HP lt HP[c1,2]      HP lt filterHP, c21alpha1, 11alpha11alpha1, methodrecursive      HP lt cNA, NA, HP      HP lt xtsHP, order.byindexx      returnHP  codepre  pIt works just fine on my local machine. However, when I upload the app to the shinyapps.io server, the server logs the following errorp  pError in roundfrequency  nonnumeric argument to mathematical functionp  p...and obviously the shiny app doesnt work at all on the .io host. Any idea why it works fine locally but not on the shinyapps.io server Im puzzled.p  pthanks, dp
Negative 387 pI was given this javascript to be implemented in website that I am working on which should be displaying bunch of product images.p  pIt works fine on all the other browser but IE8.p  pHow can I fix thisp  hr  pI tried deleting other elements in html and only left what is needed for this javascript to show these product images and it still wont work...p  hr  pa hrefhttp1nestudio.comtest2 relnofollowhttp1nestudio.comtest2a blueberry 2015p  pis the sandbox im working onp  pany help will be much appreciatedp
Negative 387 pI have search a bunch for this and as you can tell Im very new to C, I Im trying to learn this language.p  pSo please forgive me if one of the 100 forms that I have looked at says the same thing that you post here.p  pI am trying to populate a list box with a the results from a stored procedure called codeLookupInvoicescode, this requires a parameter codeInvoiceNumbercode that is an codeintcode.p  pI have a WPF that I would like to populate a listbox called codelstResultscode with the results from this stored procedure.p  pPlease look at my code and tell me where I have made an error, thanks so much for your timep  precodeprivate void btnFillClickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e      if cmbInvoiceNumbers.SelectedItem  null              System.Windows.MessageBox.ShowPlease Choose A Invoice Number         return           SqlConnection cs  new SqlConnectionData SourceJAMESDESKTOPSQLEXPRESSInitial CatalogcontactsIntegrated SecurityTrue      int cboItemNumber  cmbInvoiceNumbers.SelectedIndex     int invNumber  Convert.ToInt32cmbInvoiceNumbers.Items[cboItemNumber].ToString      cs.Open      SqlCommand cmd  new SqlCommandLookupInvoices, cs      using SqlDataReader reader  cmd.ExecuteReader              SqlParameter pram  new SqlParameterinvoiceNumber, invNumber         cmd.CommandType  CommandType.StoredProcedure         cmd.Parameters.Addpram         cmd.Connection  cs          reader.Read           cs.Close  codepre  pPlease not that when I click the button it crashes. This doesnt run all the way through.p
Negative 387 pIve tried everything from using codereturncode to codesys.exitcode to codeSystemExitcode and it doesnt work.p  pI have a codemaincode function, that runs the 1st function at the end of the 1st function it runs the 2nd function at the end of the 2nd function it runs the 3rd function and after that it asks whether I want to run the program again or exit. No matter the choice, it always returns me to codemaincode. p  pIs there a way to force close a function inside a function inside a function inside a functionp  pedit examplep  precodedef mainRPNlist     some code here     this function converts a .txt file to a list, wich is a math operation     ylist     printlist     returnfunc2y def func2y     some code here     this function converts the operation to reverse polish notation     zRPNlist     printRPNlist     returnfunction3RPNlist def func3RPNlist     some code here      this solves the RPN operation     aanswer     printa     choiceinputdo you want to exitInput y to continue or n to exit      if choicey         returnmainx     elif choicen         heres the part where I need to exit  I think this may be the issue, but is the only way I found for the whole program to run global RPNlist RPNlist[] mainRPNlist codepre
Negative 387 pI have a multinode cluster Hazelcast application that uses ITopics. Im trying to understand whether, in order for things to be cleaned up properly when a node crashes, my application should detect the node crash and remove that nodes registration IDs  or whether Hazelcast automatically takes care of that.p  pBy node crash I mean that an app that is part of a Hazelcast cluster terminates ungracefully, without calling ITopic.removeMessageListener or HazelcastInstance.shutdown. This could be due to the app crashing or being killed or the host crashing.p  pHeres the long story, in case it helps. I dont know the internals of Hazelcast and couldnt find anything relevant in the documentation. However, I can think of a couple of ways this automatic cleanup could work 1. On each node, Hazelcast keeps a list of all subscribers, both local and remote. When it detects that another node is unavailable, Hazelcast  automatically removes that other nodes listeners from the list of ITopic subscribers. 2. On each node, Hazelcast only keeps a list of local subscribers. When a publisher calls ITopic.publish, Hazelcast sends the message to all nodes. Upon receiving the message, Hazelcast on each node calls onMessage on all local subscriber.p  pHeres a sample scenario. Lets suppose I have a Hazelcast cluster with 2 nodes, A and B. Both node A and node B register listeners to the same ITopic via ITopic.addMessageListener.p  pLets suppose that node B crashes without calling ITopic.removeMessageListener or HazelcastInstance.shutdownp  pEventually, Hazelcast on node A detects that node B is unavailable.p  pNow lets suppose that a publisher on node A calls ITopic.publish. Does Hazelcast on A still tries to send the message to the subscriber on B And lets suppose that after some time node B is restarted, and a publisher on A calls ITopic.publish. Does Hazelcast on A still tries to send the message to the old subscriber on Bp  pThank you in advance.p
Negative 387 precodeclass OuterA      class InnerA        class SubclassC extends OuterA.InnerA       SubclassCOuterA outerRef          outerRef.super        class XYZ      public static void mainString[] args          new SubclassCnew OuterA       codepre  pIn the above codep  ol liWhy do I need to pass codeOuterAcode object reference to codeSubclassCcode constructor for the .java file to compileli liWhy is codeInnerAcode object reference not required to be passed to codeSubclassCcode constructorli ol
Negative 387 pCant get the json value by getjson from google map apip  pHTMLp  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltinput dataminitrue datathemea idsearch namesearch placeholderSearch for Restaurants typesearchgt ltinput datainlinetrue idsubmit onclickgetRestaurants typesubmit valueGogt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pJSp  precode    function getRestaurants                      var searchsearch.val             var prestringrestaurantin              var jsonRListhttpsmaps.googleapis.commapsapiplacetextsearchjsonqueryprestringsearchampkeyAPIKEY             var xmlRListhttpsmaps.googleapis.commapsapiplacetextsearchxmlqueryprestringsearchampkeyAPIKEY             alertjsonRListworking              NOT working             .getJSONjsonRList, function data                  alertdata.results[0].namereturns nothing                 alerthello2returns nothing                               working             var data  name abc,age 30,address streetAddress 88 8nd Street,city New York,phoneNumber [type home,number 111 1111111,type fax,number 222 2222222]             var json  JSON.parsedata             alertjson.phoneNumber[0].number              alerthello3working              NOT working             .ajax                   url httpsmaps.googleapis.commapsapiplacetextsearchjsonquerykolkataampkeyAPIKEY,                   dataType jsonp,                   success functiondata                      alertdatareturns nothing                      alertajaxreturns nothing                                                  alerthello4working  Not working     document.readyfunction           submit.clickfunction              .getJSON jsonRList, function data               alertdatareturns nothing             alerthello5returns nothing                                            codepre  pInside .getjson or .ajax not executing anything.p  pAnother approach that is not working p  precodebutton.clickfunction  .... codepre  pa hrefhttpsjsfiddle.netsphakrrokrr9xbctnr relnofollowhttpsjsfiddle.netsphakrrokrr9xbctnrap
Negative 387 pIt is a simple program to find trace of a square matrix but whenever i try to run the code error pops up 11.exe has stopped working.p  pI have windows 8.1p  pIm using GNU GCC compiler. here is the codep  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt  int main      int n,i,j,a[n][n],tr0     printfenter order of square matrixn     scanfd,ampn     printfenter the entries of matrixn     fori0iltni              forj0jltnj                      printfa[d][d],i1,j1             scanfd,ampa[i][j]                  tra[i][i]          fori0iltni              forj0jltnj                       printfd,a[i][j]                  printfn          printftrace of matrix istd,tr     return 0  codepre
Negative 387 pI cannot find good documentation on the Elasticsearch TTL field. I have an index that has documents already stored in it. If I then enable the TTL on the index, does that new TTL apply to the existing documentsp  pSimilarly, if I modify the default TTL later, does that new TTL apply to existing documents or only to new documents from that point forwardp
Negative 387 pIm attempting to view network traffic from my lollipop emulator. Ive followed the directions a hrefhttpblogs.msdn.combjpsandersarchive20130403configuringfiddlertobeaproxyforandroidemulators.aspx relnofollowherea and was able to navigate to my computers ip with the fiddler port and install the root certificate i.e. 8888FiddlerRoot.cer however Im not seeing any traffic in Fiddler from the browser app.p  pI installed a KitKat emulator and followed the same instructions with success. So why doesnt the lollipop emulator work Whats changed in Android 5.0.1p
Negative 387 pIm using fullcalendar v2.3.1 and I have eventLimits set to 1, so more then 1 event will show up as a link. I click on the link and a popover shows displaying the events in it. Can I style this popover or do I have to create my own popover and style it myself I would like to change its position from center of day to bottom and maybe change a few other things.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodefullcalendar.fullCalendar         header              left prev,next, today,             center title,             right month,agendaWeek,agendaDay             right          ,         defaultView month,         editable true,         allDaySlot false,         selectable true,         slotMinutes 15,         eventLimit 1,         eventLimit true,  for all nonagenda views         views              agenda                  eventLimit 2  adjust to 6 only for agendaWeekagendaDay                      ,         events ManageSpacesGetDiaryEvents,          eventLimitClick function cellInfo, jsEvent              var s  cellInfo.segs         ,         eventClick function calEvent, jsEvent, view  function data, event, view              var s  cellInfo.segs             eventDetails.collapse.collapsetoggle         ,         dayClick function data, event, view              this.popover                 html true,                 placement bottom,                 container body,                 title function                       return daypopoverhead.html                 ,                 content function                       return daypopovercontent.html                                           this.popovertoggle             if calPopOver                 calPopOver.popoverdestroy             calPopOver  this.popovershow              codepre div div p
Negative 387 pI need to know about to move cursor automatically to next line after writing 30 characters in textarea using as3p  precodetf.wordWrap  true tf.text  tf.addEventListenerEvent.CHANGE,textInputHandler  function textInputHandlereEventnullvoid      if tf.text.length  29              var strString  tf.text         tf.text  str  nn       codepre
Negative 387 pI searched trough SO and tried few examples, but I still cant understand this behaviour. On simulator 7.1 tapthrough works, but on 8.1 dont work.Also I asked earlier similar question, but not the same as this and I solved it using nodesAtPoint method and then looping trough all nodes and checking node name  class... But this differs because now I use custom Button class which implements touchesBegan and I want it to detect and if possible swallow touches.p  pSo I have a simple Button class which is subclass of SKSpriteNode and it has its own touchesBegan and userInteractionEnabled  YES. In my view controller property ignoreSiblingsOrder is set to YES.p  pHere is an simplified example which can produce described behaviourp  precodeimport GameScene.h  interface Button  SKSpriteNode instancetypeinitWithColorUIColor color sizeCGSizesize voidtouchesBeganNSSet touches withEventUIEvent event end   implementation Button instancetypeinitWithColorUIColor color sizeCGSizesize      self  [super initWithColorcolor sizesize]     self.userInteractionEnabled  YES     return self   voidtouchesBeganNSSet touches withEventUIEvent event      NSLog hit, self.name  end  implementation GameScene  idinitWithSizeCGSizesize      if self  [super initWithSizesize]           self.userInteractionEnabled  NO          SKNode root  [SKNode new]         root.name  root         SKNode layer1  [SKNode new]         SKNode layer2  [SKNode new]          layer1.zPosition  1layer1 and layer2 are just containers         layer2.zPosition  2           Button button  [Button spriteNodeWithColor[SKColor yellowColor] sizeCGSizeMake100, 100]         button.name  yellow button         button.position  CGPointMakeCGRectGetMidXself.frame,CGRectGetMidYself.frame          [layer1 addChildbutton]          [root addChildlayer1]         [root addChildlayer2]          [self addChildroot]           return self   voidtouchesBeganNSSet touches withEventUIEvent event     NSLogTouch detected   end codepre  pI just dont understand why this doesnt work on 8.1...I know that hittesting goes in opposite order then rendering nodes, but then what would be the right way to achieve tapthrough behaviour So currently whats happening is when I test on 7.1 I got message yellow button, but on 8.1 I got message touch detected and when I print node name it says root. Also I have been a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions26900885ios80simulatornotdetectingtouchednodepointed to fill a radara because of this, but as I said I solved everything with nodesAtPoint instead of nodeAtPoint so I didnt. And because I thought that thats not a bug, but rather my mistake, because on 7.1 everything was fine. So is this a bug, or something else p
Negative 387 pSo I have a hashp  precodetest   idgt5516c07ba520e0066c9ac53c, accountsgt[], addressgtzipgt45245, stategt Ohio, citygtCincinnati, streetgt3320 Wagner Road, firstnamegtBlack, lastnamegtBart codepre  pand Im just playing around in the ruby console. To access the value at id, I thought the command should just be test.[key] . But I run test.[id] and I keep getting errors. This seems pretty simple, but Im missing some syntax. p
Negative 387 pCan someone help me with my code below. I am trying to promt the user for a date, then search by that date in the table. The table I am querying has the datetime format, but I want to be able to search just by the date.  I am able to get the user input but then I get the error syntax error missing operator in query expression. p  precode Function cmdInputBoxClick     Dim DatePick As Date     DatePick  InputBoxEnter Date, Date, FormatNow, ddmmyy    Dim strSQL As String       strSQL   INSERT INTO PalletMoves           amp SELECT [Pick Area].[From Location], [Pick Area].[Game Number], [Pick Area].[Pallet Number], [Pick Area].[Game Name], [Pick Area].[Shipment Number], [Pick Area].[Box Range], [Pick Area].Cases, [Pick Area].Packs, [Pick Area].Tickets, [Pick Area].[Price Point], [Pick Area].[Delivery Date], [Pick Area].Skids, [Pick Area].[Created Date]           amp FROM [Pick Area]           amp WHERE CAST[Created Date] AS Date dateDate   amp DatePick amp  DoCmd.RunSQL strSQL  End Function codepre
Negative 387 pI have a movie showtimes entity which has a onetoone relationship to a movie entity. The inverse movie  movie showtime relationship is a onetomany relationship. If a movie is deleted, the associated movie showtimes will also be deleted, but if a movie showtime is deleted the associated movie will stay. Not sure how much of that is relevant but wanted to clarify the situation as much as I couldp  pNow, is there a way to query Core Data to get only the unique movies for which I have showtimesp  pIs it possible to select from the movie showtimes and somehow restrict the results to just the associated unique movies Or would selecting from the movie entity bring back only the movies with a matching row in the movie showtime entityp
Negative 387 pI am trying to call a function in  my Python module from Java using Jython. But I am stuck with Nullpointer Exception.p  pThis is my Java code.p  precodePythonInterpreter interpreter  new PythonInterpreter interpreter.execimport sysnsys.path.appendmyPathnimport jythonFirst PyObject someFunc  interpreter.getjythonFirst.printAndReturn PyObject result  someFunc.call String realResult  String result.tojavaString.class System.out.printlnrealResult codepre  pHere someFunc is getting null. So that on the next line when I am calling the python function, I am getting exception.p  pThis is my Python code.p  precodeprint I am in Python Program  def printAndReturna         print Printing Passed Value     print a     return a codepre
Negative 387 pWhile akka has documentation regarding binary compatibility for drop in jar replacement, I cant find anything regarding protocol binary compatibility.p  pAt the basic level, the actor API is a mailbox of messages. Therefore as long as the messages stay binary compatible theres every possible that messages can be sent to other systems running different jarincompatible versions of akka.p  pSo givenp  ul li2 applications with a fixed message setli liNo Typed actors only using codeactor  messagecode and codeactor  messagecodeli liApplication 1 using akka 2.3.9li ul  pstrongWhats the earliest version of akka Application 2 could usestrong p  pOther items Id like confirmedp  ul lia hrefhttpdoc.akka.iodocsakkasnapshotscalaclusterusage.html relnofollowAkka clusteringa protocol is irrelevant here  each application can have their own cluster and communicate between the clusters using a hrefhttpdoc.akka.iodocsakkasnapshotscalaremoting.html relnofollowTCP remotingali liScala binary compatibility is irrellevant as well  the systems are communicating via a TCP protocol with a precompiled set of messages quite possibly specified in Java for assuranceparanoiali ul  pemAs a start, a hrefhttpdoc.akka.iodocsakka2.0.5scalaremoting.html relnofollowthe 2.0 series has the same remoting configurationa, but is there any reason that a hrefhttpdoc.akka.iodocsakka1.3.1scalaremoteactors.html relnofollow1.3a couldnt be made to workemp
Negative 387 pI am developing application using spring and hibernate. I am using lazy loading.  My hierarchy of layer is controllerServiceConverterRepository, where converter task is to convert the entity into VO. Suppose I have two entity as below Parent class asp  precodeEntity Tablename  Parent Cacheusage  CacheConcurrencyStrategy.READWRITE public class Parent   private Integer id private ListltChildrensgt childrens  Override Id    GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.AUTO Column nameParentID, unique  true, nullable  false, updatable  false  public Integer getId  return id  private void setIdInteger idthis.idid  OneToManyfetch  FetchType.LAZY, cascade   CascadeType.ALL,CascadeType.PERSIST,CascadeType.MERGE , mappedBy  parent Columnnullable  false public ListltChildrengt getChildrens  return childrens  public void setChildrens ListltChildrengt childrens  this.childrens  childrens    codepre  pAnd child class as p  precode Entity  Tablename  Children  Cacheusage  CacheConcurrencyStrategy.READWRITE  public class Children      private Integer id   private Parent parent   Override  Id    GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.AUTO  Column nameParentID, unique  true, nullable  false, updatable  false  public Integer getId  return id  private void setIdInteger idthis.idid   ManyToOne fetch  FetchType.EAGER   JoinColumnname  parentid, nullable  false   public Parent getParent  return parent   public void setParentParent parent     this.parent  parent     codepre  pNow I have ParentVO asp  precode public class ParentVO   private Integer id private ListltChildrenVOgt childrensVO  public Integer getId  return id  private void setIdInteger idthis.idid  public ListltChildrenVOgt getChildrensVO  return childrensVO  public void setChildrensVO ListltChildrenVOgt childrensVO  this.childrensVO  childrensVO    codepre  pAnd ChildVO asp  precode  public class ChildrenVO      private Integer id   private ParentVO parentVO    public Integer getId  return id    public void setIdInteger idthis.idid    public ParentVO getParentVO  return parentVO    public void setParentVOParentVO parentVO     this.parentVO  parentVO       codepre  pWhenever I request service for Parent class, it first retrives service from dao and converts Parent to ParentVO asp  precodepublic class ParentConverter  public ParentVO getParentVOFromParentParent parent     ParentVO parentVOnew ParentVO     ChildrenConverter childrenConverternew ChildrenConverter     parentVO.setChildrenschildrenConverter.getChildrensVOListparent.getChildrens     return parentVO   codepre  pHere, parentVO.setChildrenschildrenConverter.getChildrensVOListparent.getChildrens calls list of childrens which makes it no longer lazy.p  pAnd ChildrenConverter asp  precodepublic class ChildrenConverter   public ChildrenVO getChildrenVOFromChildrenChildren children     ChildrenVO childrenVOnew ChildrenVO     childrenVO.setIdchildren.getId      return childrenVO   public ListltChildrenVOgt getChildrensVOListListltChildrengt childrens     ListltChildrenVOgt childrenVOsnew ArrayListltChildrenVOgt     forChildren child childrens         childrenVOs.addgetChildrenVOFromChildrenchild          return childrenVOs  codepre  pp  pIn controller I am only use VO objects so, what I want is p  blockquote   pWhen I request ParentVO from service, it must not convert Children   List into ChildrenVO List untill and unless I call ParentVOs   getChildrensVO method.p blockquote  pNow, it will preserve hiberate lazy loading feature. Is there any to acheive this feature.p
Negative 387 pI have an existing web forms site that utilizes the builtin ASP.NET Membership OpenAuth model. All has worked well for over a year and a half, but I just found out that Google has deprecated OpenID 2.0 and will shut it down on April 20, 2015 just over a week.p  pThis is where abstraction really bites you in the ass, because all I have is a single line of code in my AuthConfig.csp  precodeOpenAuth.AuthenticationClients.AddGoogle codepre  pIve updated all of my OpenAuth related NuGet packages, hoping that there was a fix for this under the covers  but no joy.p  pIs there an easy solution for this, or do I need to completely strip out and rewrite the Google authentication piecep  pLots of questions related to this, but I havent found anything specifically related to the web forms Membership.OpenAuth implementation.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to create a database for tracking a parcel as it is being mailed. I am stuck on trying to figure out the best way to implement the relationship between a parcel and its location at any given timedate. Ultimately, I need to be able to look at any moment in the past and tell you where a parcel was and at what timedate. When it entered a location, and when it left a location.p  pI have three tables for this. shortened to the basicsp  precodepublic class Parcel      public int ParcelID  get set       public virtual Location Location  get set    public enum LocationType      Warehouse, Truck  public class Location      [Key, ForeignKeyParcel]     public int ParcelID  get set      public LocationType LocationType  get set       public virtual Parcel Parcel  get set   LocationTimeDate    codepre  pI am not sure how to relate LocationTimeDate to Location. I think it should be a onetoone relationship. So Id have to have LocationId. But Locations Key is a ForeignKey Parcel. p  pAm I going about this the correct way Any thoughtsguidance would be appreciated.p
Negative 387 pI want to calculate sum by multiple criterias for the tablep  precode    A      B      C    D 1  crit1 crit2 code   amount 2   a      b    code1  10 3   a      b    code3  20 4   a      b    code2  100 5   a      b    code1  80 6   a      b    code4  30 codepre  pAlso I have range of codes to excludep  precode      A         B    C    D      ........... 10  exclude rows 11  code1 12  code8 codepre  pMy formula for the marked result cell looks like this codeSUMIFSD2D6,A2A6,a,B2B6,bcode. How can I change my codeSUMIFScode formula to filter by codes that are not in emexclude codesem range codeA11A12codep
Negative 387 pIm making a library, but people who want to use this library can only use JavaScript to add it in. So I thought why not use JSON and AJAX Can I create functions in JSONp  pRemember This is pretty much raw javascript, just one external library called modpe is used, however programmers dont need to add the library in since its loaded in an application.p  pEDITp  pI want to achieve creating an api in JSON. The problem is if I should create functions in JSON.p
Negative 387 pI have a dataset of some experimental data sheet of some of my experiment. I have an array which contains say 5 columns and 100 rows. Out of them 4 columns contain floating point numbers while the rest one say column 4th contain names of some reactantschemicals  i.e. strings. It may happen one name has many duplicates in other rows. I want to make a vector like dictionary which will be like say name10, name21,.... Duplicate strings wont be added in this vector. I searched through past questions, yet I could not solve the problem.p  pSample Data only some data are provided from huge mother datap  precodeId,R1Test,R2Test,P1Test,Reactant,CC 0,1.2,3.2,5.2,Contra1a,3.0 1,3.4,0.1,8.9,Sepi1a,4.3 2,2.3,3.8,8.9,Sepi1a,2.1 3,1.2,3.4,6.0,Drav2,1.2 4,2.1,1.0,9.8,Contra1a,77.0 5,7.0,0.2,0.3,Contra1a,2.5 codepre  pAny handlep  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pIm remaking on Visual Studio on C WPF application mode an application made on AutoPlay media Studio.p  pWhen I needed get files from computer, I found on StackOverflow and in other sites a code to do it, using OpenFileDialog but this code shows the older dialogp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com3QxT5.png altenter image description herep  pBut, on the Application made in AMS, the Open File is the Modern Dialog Window.p  pIs there any way to Show the modern Open File dialog on C WPFp
Negative 387 pHi i have changed my strongnewTab.xulstrong so that it shows dropdownlist with network interfaces and i wanted to use strongos.networkInterfacesstrong in script to get interfaces but it doesnt work. Can anyone tell me how to properly link strongnode.jsstrong to newTab.xul if that is the problem or where my problem is  I am running Win 8.p  pOn init of networkIfaceList function initList is called then its replaced by empty function so it doesnt add again. The SELECT button should make popup with the ip of chosen interface or 1 for default. Here goes my strongnewtab.xulstrong and thank you for any kind of help.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt  lt This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public     License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this     file, You can obtain one at httpmozilla.orgMPL2.0. gt  ltxmlstylesheet hrefchromeglobalskin typetextcssgt ltxmlstylesheet hrefchromebrowsercontentsearchSuggestionUI.css typetextcssgt ltxmlstylesheet hrefchromebrowsercontentnewtabnewTab.css typetextcssgt ltxmlstylesheet hrefchromebrowserskinnewtabnewTab.css typetextcssgt  ltDOCTYPE window [   ltENTITY  newTabDTD SYSTEM chromebrowserlocalenewTab.dtdgt   newTabDTD   ltENTITY  searchBarDTD SYSTEM chromebrowserlocalesearchbar.dtdgt   searchBarDTD   ltENTITY  browserDTD SYSTEM chromebrowserlocalebrowser.dtdgt   browserDTD ]gt  ltxulwindow idnewtabwindow xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml             xmlnsxulhttpwww.mozilla.orgkeymastergatekeeperthere.is.only.xul             titleampnewtab.pageTitlegt    ltxulpanel idnewtabintropanel orientvertical typearrow              noautohidetrue hiddentruegt     lth1gtampnewtab.intro.headerlth1gt   ltxulpanelgt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgtlt[CDATA[ function nothing  function initList  var ifaces  getAddress0 popupGot ifaces var item var list  document.getElementByIdnetworkIfaceListPopup for var i  0 i lt ifaces.lengthi2 list.appendItemifaces[i], ifaces[i1]  initList  nothing      function getAddressidx  var addresses  [], interfaces  os.networkInterfaces, name, ifaces, iface for name in interfaces  ifinterfaces.hasOwnPropertyname ifaces  interfaces[name] ifloopbackvmwareinternalgi.testname for var i  0 i lt ifaces.length i  iface  ifaces[i] if iface.family  IPv4 ampamp  iface.internal ampamp iface.address  127.0.0.1  address.pushname addresses.pushiface.address       if an index is passed only return it. ifidx gt 0 return addresses[idx] return addresses   ]]gtltscriptgt    ltscript typetextjavascriptgt   function SelectIface popupclicked var item  document.getElementByIdnetworkIfaceList.selectedItem popupitem.value TO DO bind interface to socket  function popuptext    try  Components.classes[mozilla.orgalertsservice1]   .getServiceComponents.interfaces.nsIAlertsService   .showAlertNotificationnull, Info, text, false, , null    catche     ltscriptgt  ltxulmenulist idnetworkIfaceList onselectinitList gt   ltxulmenupopup idnetworkIfaceListPopup gt     ltxulmenuitem labelDefault value1 Selectedtrue gt   ltxulmenupopupgt ltxulmenulistgt  ltxulbutton labelSELECT oncommandSelectIfacegtltbrgt          ltxulpanel idnewtabsearchpanel orientvertical typearrow              noautohidetrue hiddentruegt     ltxulhbox idnewtabsearchmanagegt       ltxullabelgtampchangeSearchSettings.buttonltxullabelgt     ltxulhboxgt   ltxulpanelgt     ltxulpanel idnewtabcustomizepanel orientvertical typearrow              noautohidetrue hiddentruegt     ltxulhbox idnewtabcustomizeenhanced classnewtabcustomizepanelitemgt       ltxullabelgtampnewtab.customize.enhancedltxullabelgt     ltxulhboxgt     ltxulhbox idnewtabcustomizeclassic classnewtabcustomizepanelitemgt       ltxullabelgtampnewtab.customize.classicltxullabelgt     ltxulhboxgt     ltxulhbox idnewtabcustomizeblank classnewtabcustomizepanelitemgt       ltxullabelgtampnewtab.customize.blankltxullabelgt     ltxulhboxgt   ltxulpanelgt    ltdiv idnewtabscrollboxgt      ltdiv idnewtabverticalmargingt        ltdiv idnewtabmargintopgt        ltdiv idnewtabmarginundocontainergt         ltdiv idnewtabundocontainer undodisabledtruegt           ltxullabel idnewtabundolabel                      valueampnewtab.undo.removedLabel gt           ltxulbutton idnewtabundobutton tabindex1                       labelampnewtab.undo.undoButton                       classnewtabundobutton gt           ltxulbutton idnewtabundorestorebutton tabindex1                       labelampnewtab.undo.restoreButton                       classnewtabundobutton gt           ltxultoolbarbutton idnewtabundoclosebutton tabindex1                              classcloseicon tabbable                              tooltiptextampnewtab.undo.closeTooltip gt         ltdivgt       ltdivgt        ltdiv idnewtabsearchcontainergt         ltform idnewtabsearchform namesearchFormgt           ltdiv idnewtabsearchlogogt           ltinput typetext nameq value idnewtabsearchtext                  maxlength256 dirautogt           ltinput idnewtabsearchsubmit typesubmit                  valueampsearchEndCap.labelgt         ltformgt       ltdivgt        ltdiv idnewtabhorizontalmargingt         ltdiv classnewtabsidemargingt          ltdiv idnewtabgridgt         ltdivgt          ltdiv classnewtabsidemargingt       ltdivgt        ltdiv idnewtabmarginbottomgt      ltdivgt      ltdiv idnewtabintrowhatgtampnewtab.customize.whatltdivgt      ltinput idnewtabcustomizebutton typebutton titleampnewtab.customize.titlegt   ltdivgt    ltxulscript typetextjavascriptversion1.8               srcchromebrowsercontentsearchSuggestionUI.jsgt   ltxulscript typetextjavascriptversion1.8               srcchromebrowsercontentnewtabnewTab.jsgt      ltxulwindowgtcodepre div div p
Negative 387 pIm attempting to use the three.js 3D library to properly render a 3D VRML model. In this case using vrml loader its working fine but when I attempting to add this geometry into mesh which returned by the vrml loader then I am getting this error p  pTypeError geometry.morphTargets is undefined var numMorphTargets  geometry.morphTargets.lengthp  pMy code is look like  p  precode            var loader  new THREE.VRMLLoader             loader.addEventListener load, function  event                   var geometry  event.content                 var material  new THREE.MeshPhongMaterial  color 0x75D3DC, ambient 0x75D3DC, specular 0x75D3DC, shininess 200                  var mesh  new THREE.Mesh geometry, material                    mesh.position.y  0                   scene.addmesh                           loader.load .stllemo2.wrl  codepre  pAny suggestion p
Negative 387 h3Contexth3  pIve been trying out jbEvains powerful Mono.Cecil library for just about two weeks now. Ive created the following function p  precode ltsummarygt  Returns true only if they match.   ltsummarygt private bool CompareMethodDefinitionWithCodeFunction                 EnvDTE.CodeFunction pCodeFunction,                 Mono.Cecil.MethodDefinition pMethodDefintion      return pMethodDefintion.Name.EqualspCodeFunction.Name          ampamp pMethodDefintion.Parameters.Count  pCodeFunction.Parameters.Count  codepre  h3Goalh3  pThe goal is to determine whether codepCodeFunctioncode and codepMethodDefinitioncode are refering to the same function definition or not. So far, I am able to compare the functions names and the number of parameters they have. I am well aware that its not enough to certify that they really are refering to the same function. I need help on improving my comparison. For instance, I believe one should always compare the parameter types in order to take potential function overrides into account.p  h3Previous attemptsh3  pI have tried comparing the parameter types but none of my attempts prevailed. Allow me to demonstrate.p  pI thought I could compare the types as strings so I added abit of code like so  p  precode ltsummarygt  Returns true only if they match.   ltsummarygt private bool CompareMethodDefinitionWithCodeFunction                 EnvDTE.CodeFunction pCodeFunction,                 Mono.Cecil.MethodDefinition pMethodDefintion       foreach ParameterDefinition paramDef in pMethodDefintion.Parameters              Debug.WriteLineparamDef.ParameterType.FullName           foreach CodeElement ce in pCodeFunction.Parameters              CodeParameter codeParameter  ce as CodeParameter         Debug.WriteLinecodeParameter.Type.AsFullName          return pMethodDefintion.Name.EqualspCodeFunction.Name          ampamp pMethodDefintion.Parameters.Count  pCodeFunction.Parameters.Count  codepre  pGiven that codepCodeFunctioncode was refering to the following VB.Net function at runtimep  precodePublic Function SomeFunctionByVal arg As ListOf String As Object     Return New Object End Function codepre  pI got the following outputp  precodeSystem.Collections.Generic.List1ltSystem.Stringgt System.Collections.Generic.ListOf System.String codepre  pI would prefer not to mess around with these two output values and try to parse them so that they match because this doesnt seem like a very reliable way to compare types. What is be the most reliable way to compare the parameter typesp  h3Bonus Notesh3  pThis function must be able to seek a functions definition so long as the source code is either VB or C.p  pI am currently using the latest Mono.Cecil build 3.12.1 which you can download a hrefhttpwww.monoproject.comdownloaddownloadwin relnofollowhereap  pIf you want to use my function and insert it in a test class that youve made, you will need the following imports  p  precodeusing EnvDTE using Mono.Cecil codepre
Negative 387 pI had to put an Assert and a Counter in this VHDL code, to test all the possibilities. Its a 4x4 bit multiplier, but I dont know how I put the Assert and a Counter to test all the possible words.p  pPS. The HalfAdder, FullAdder and 8Bits Full Adder works.p  precode    library IEEE     use ieee.stdlogic1164.all      entity Mult is PORT         A in stdlogicvector 3 downto 0         B in stdlogicvector 3 downto 0         S out stdlogicvector 7 downto 0     end Mult      architecture behavMult of Mult is         signal X, Y, Z, K, M, N stdlogicvector 7 downto 0  00000000     begin      X0 lt A0 and B0     X1 lt A1 and B0     X2 lt A2 and B0     X3 lt A3 and B0      Y1 lt A0 and B1     Y2 lt A1 and B1     Y3 lt A2 and B1     Y4 lt A3 and B1      Z2 lt A0 and B2     Z3 lt A1 and B2     Z4 lt A2 and B2     Z5 lt A3 and B2      K3 lt A0 and B3     K4 lt A1 and B3     K5 lt A2 and B3     K6 lt A3 and B3          iFAD0 entity work.FAD7 port map             AgtX,             BgtY,             SgtM,             Ci gt 0,             Co gt open          iFAD1 entity work.FAD7 port map             AgtZ,             BgtK,             SgtN,             Cigt 0,             Co gt open          iFAD2 entity work.FAD7 port map             Agt M,             Bgt N,             Sgt S,             Cigt 0,             Co gt open     end behavMult         library ieee use ieee.stdlogic1164.all use IEEE.stdlogicunsigned.all  entity MultTB is end MultTB  architecture TB of MultTB is     signal tA stdlogicvector 3 downto 0     signal tB stdlogicvector 3 downto 0     signal tS stdlogicvector 7 downto 0     signal cont stdlogicvector 7 downto 0 begin     iMult entity work.Mult port map         AgttA, BgttB, SgttS          tA lt cont 3 downto 0     tB lt cont 7 downto 4     process         cont lt cont  1          wait for 20 ns     begin      end process end TB codepre
Negative 387 pI created a  emContainer Viewem in my application. The container view loads other strongUIViewControllerstrong when user tabs on a strongUITableviewCellstrong and other strongUIViewControllerstrong gets loaded inside the Container View. I tried testing by inserting log messages on other ViewController class and found out each time strongemviewDidLoademstrong and strongemViewDidAppearemstrong method gets called which states those class gets instantiated everytime on cell tab. p  pBut while studying about container view on the apple docs a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibraryiosfeaturedarticlesViewControllerPGforiPhoneOSCreatingCustomContainerViewControllersCreatingCustomContainerViewControllers.html relnofollowhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibraryiosfeaturedarticlesViewControllerPGforiPhoneOSCreatingCustomContainerViewControllersCreatingCustomContainerViewControllers.htmlap  pI found strongUITabBarControllerstrong also implements ContainerView and manages its strongUIViewControllerstrong in array. I tried inspecting the log messages and found that strongemviewDidLoademstrong method gets called only one time and when we visit second time on the tab only strongemviewDidAppearemstrong gets called. So i was really wondering what is the behind the scene things in this. Are they using UnWind seguei guess not.p  pHowever i created container View Controller with follwing way following these tutorial a hrefhttpsgithub.comcodepathiosguideswikiContainerViewControllersQuickstart relnofollowhttpsgithub.comcodepathiosguideswikiContainerViewControllersQuickstarta as p  precodeclass ViewController UIViewController        IBOutlet weak var contentView UIView      var activeViewController  UIViewController          didSet             removeInactiveViewControlleroldValue             updateActiveViewController                     var cellTxtArrs  [FIRST,SECOND,THIRD]      override func viewDidLoad          super.viewDidLoad          Do any additional setup after loading the view, typically from a nib.          var tblView  UITableView  UITableView         tblView.frame  CGRectMake0, 20, 300 ,100         tblView.separatorColor  UIColor.clearColor         tblView.scrollEnabled  false         tblView.rowHeight  30         self.view.addSubviewtblView         tblView.delegate  self         tblView.dataSource  self         tblView.registerClassUITableViewCell.self, forCellReuseIdentifier myCell               func removeInactiveViewControllerinactiveViewControllerUIViewController           if let inActiveVC  inactiveViewController              inActiveVC.willMoveToParentViewControllernil              inActiveVC.view.removeFromSuperview              inActiveVC.removeFromParentViewController                        func updateActiveViewController           if let activeVC  activeViewController              not necessary             addChildViewControlleractiveVC              activeVC.view.frame  contentView.bounds              contentView.addSubviewactiveVC.view              activeVC.didMoveToParentViewControllerself                              override func didReceiveMemoryWarning          super.didReceiveMemoryWarning          Dispose of any resources that can be recreated.           extension ViewController  UITableViewDataSource , UITableViewDelegate      MARK  table view data source methods     func tableViewtableView UITableView, cellForRowAtIndexPath indexPath NSIndexPath gt UITableViewCell             cell.textLabel.font  UIFontname label.font.fontName, size 22         var cell  UITableViewCell  tableView.dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifiermyCell as UITableViewCell         cell.backgroundColor  UIColorred 0.000, green 0.400, blue 0.404, alpha 1.00         cell.selectionStyle   UITableViewCellSelectionStyle.None         cell.textLabel.text  self.cellTxtArrs[indexPath.row]         cell.textLabel.textAlignment  NSTextAlignment.Left         cell.textLabel.textColor  UIColor.whiteColor          return cell            func tableViewtableView UITableView, numberOfRowsInSection section Int gt Int           return self.cellTxtArrs.count             MARK  table view delegate methods      func tableViewtableView UITableView, didSelectRowAtIndexPath indexPath NSIndexPath           var row  indexPath.row          switch row           case 0                     let storyboard UIStoryboard  UIStoryboardname Main, bundle nil                 let firstVC  storyboard.instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifierfirstVC as FirstViewController                 activeViewController  firstVC            case 1                  var storyboard UIStoryboard  UIStoryboardname Main, bundle nil                 let secondVC  storyboard.instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifiersecondVC as SecondViewController                 activeViewController  secondVC           case 2                   let storyboard UIStoryboard  UIStoryboardname Main, bundle nil                 let thirdVC  storyboard.instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifierthirdVC as ThirdViewController                 activeViewController  thirdVC            default             printlnno index                        codepre
Negative 387 pim confused with window[Map].p  pim using window[Map] on leaflet maps to show layer, and it works fine.p  pscript below p  precodelayerUrl  httpservicetms.localserver.linktokentokenampzzampxxampyy window[Map  test]  L.tileLayerlayerUrl, opacity 0.8 codepre  pMy question is ..  in a hrefhttpwww.w3schools.comjsrefobjwindow.asp relnofollowhttpwww.w3schools.comjsrefobjwindow.aspa, i dont find Map as window object properties.  Whyp  pWhether Map is not part of window object Where i find reference about window[Map] ..p
Negative 387 pI have some code that does the followingp  ul liCreates a process process is solvePuzzlefilenameli liRuns the processli liIf the process finishes within timeLimit, do somethingli liIf the process times out, do something elseli ul  pMy issue is with the third task I want to be able to get the return value of the function that was processed. Here is my code I made up the statement p.returnValue as this is what Im trying to dop  precode    Start process     p  multiprocessing.Processtargetglobals[solvePuzzle], argsfilename,             p.start      Wait for timeLimit seconds or until process finishes     p.jointimeLimit      If thread is still active     if p.isalive         print Puzzle timed out after   strtimeLimit   seconds           Terminate         p.terminate         p.join     else         print Solution    strp.returnValue codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying to print the type name using exceptions, but my program doesnt even seem to catch the exception and instead seems to call the default termination function. What have I missedp  precodeinclude ltcstdiogt include ltexceptiongt include lttypeinfogt  namespace Error      templatelttypename Tgt     class Blah  stdexception              virtual const char what const throw                      return typeidT.name                 void blah      throw ErrorBlahltintgt   int main      try              blah          catch stdexceptionamp e              stdputse.what       codepre
Negative 387 pI have a requirement for an Android App to be built with Cordova a hybrid App HTML5 and CSS, and this app needs to target all only tablet devices starting from 7 to the largest I believe its 10.1. Could someone advice on a standard implementation on media queries setup for this requirement  I am confused with the resolution and the DPI concepts of Android, when building a hybrid app with above requirement.p
Negative 387 pI have this code, everything works except on adding image, image is uploaded thru form and supposed to saveupdate it on the database. p  pthe problem is it doesnt upload the file on my table . userimage.  images are save on the uploadsprofileimage directory with no problem.p  pcan you please help me what is wrong in ths code. thank you.p  precodeltphp includeonce config.php ifissetPOST[btnupload]       file  rand1000,100000..FILES[file][name] fileloc  FILES[file][tmpname]  folderuploadsprofileimage     make file name in lower case newfilename  strtolowerfile  make file name in lower case  finalfilestrreplace ,,newfilename  ifmoveuploadedfilefileloc,folder.finalfile       sqlupdate user SET userimagefile where username  username     mysqlquerysql     gt     ltscriptgt     alertimage successfully uploaded     window.location.hrefprofile.phpsuccess     ltscriptgt     ltphp  else      gt     ltscriptgt     alerterror while uploading file     window.location.hrefprofile.phpfail     ltscriptgt     ltphp               gt  ltform action methodpost enctypemultipartformdatagt ltinput typefile namefile gt ltbutton typesubmit namebtnuploadgtuploadltbuttongt ltformgt codepre
Negative 387 pNow my cssp  precodesetlocation      positionabsolute     width420px     height125px     zindex1     left 75px     top 0px     backgroundcolor FFF     bordercolor 000    codepre  pAny help would be highly appreciated.p
Negative 387 pSo I am working on a program that will allow me to open single instances of files using multiple processes without deadlock occurring. So the key function to my program is below. It basically decides if a program can execute a file based on an adjacency graph. So that part all seems to work fine. p  pThe trouble I am running into seems to be with my mutex locking. So basically how the program executes is it decides that one process will need to run completely before other processes will be able to open files without deadlock this is fine and expected behavior. But once that first process finishes it just hangs and I believe that I have narrowed it down to my pthreadmutexlock call at the top part of the code. Yet as you can see I unlock it so I am quite confused.p  pCould it have something to do with the fact that my mutex is being used in the shared memory block I cant imagine that it would cause problems and there is no other way for me to do it really. Also I tried the same thing using a semaphore with no luck. Any help would be appreciated.p  precodeFILE openFilechar path, char mode   int segId  shmgetsystemKey, size, SIRUSR  SIWUSR  IPCCREAT memStruct ourMem  memStructshmatsegId, NULL, 0  pthreadmutexlockampourMemgtopenMutex  int hasCycle  containsCycleourMem, path   ifhasCycle  0      FILE fileToReturn  fopenpath, mode     int positionOfFile  getFilePositionpath, ourMem     int positionOfProcess  getProcessPositiongetpid, ourMem      ourMemgtadjMatrix[positionOfFile][positionOfProcess]  2     ourMemgtAvailable[positionOfFile]  0     ourMemgtfileArray[positionOfFile]  fileToReturn      pthreadmutexunlockampourMemgtopenMutex      return fileToReturn  else      while1          hasCycle  containsCycleourMem, path              ifhasCycle  0                      FILE fileToReturn  fopenpath, mode                     int positionOfFile  getFilePositionpath, ourMem                     int positionOfProcess  getProcessPositiongetpid, ourMem                      ourMemgtadjMatrix[positionOfFile][positionOfProcess]  2                     ourMemgtAvailable[positionOfFile]  0                     ourMemgtfileArray[positionOfFile]  fileToReturn                      pthreadmutexunlockampourMemgtopenMutex                      return fileToReturn                   pthreadmutexunlockampourMemgtopenMutex   return NULL  codepre
Negative 387 pI need help with this queryquestion...p  pHow can i collect data from specific column in file, like thisp  precode[FILE.txt]  CODE t USERNAME t SPENT t COLUM1 t COLUM2 CODE t USERNAME t SPENT t COLUM1 t COLUM2 CODE t USERNAME t SPENT t COLUM1 t COLUM2 CODE t USERNAME t SPENT t COLUM1 t COLUM2 CODE t USERNAME t SPENT t COLUM1 t COLUM2 CODE t USERNAME t SPENT t COLUM1 t COLUM2 CODE t USERNAME t SPENT t COLUM1 t COLUM2 codepre  pRemember...This is examples of users in this files... Every user can have diferent values on SPENT...p  pIll put the values of user1,user2,user3 in a accumulator.p  pSo...how can i proceedp  pstrongSOLVED WITHstrongp  precodelines  opendatabase.readlines quantidade  0 for i in range3     line  lines[i].splitt     quantidade  quantidade  intline[2] print Quantidade de Produtos Comprados ,quantidade for line in range 10    line  lines[2].split Gets the second last value from the list and split on whitespace    print line  rawinputPrecione ENTER para voltar ao menu principal...  return codepre
Negative 387 pI have a scope.selected  a modal that return a value selected  to be created in ModalInstanceCtrl controller and used in displayValue controller,How Can I spent the first controller value at the second, p  precodeapp     .controllerDemoCtrl, function scope, modal           console.login angular          scope.selected  null          scope.open  function               var modalInstance  modal.open                 templateUrl myModalContent.html,                 controller ModalInstanceCtrl,                 size lg                           modalInstance.result.thenfunction selectedItem                  scope.selected  selectedItem                                 .controllerModalInstanceCtrl, function scope, modalInstance           scope.setSelectedSegment  function value               scope.selected  value             modalInstance.closescope.selected                    .controllerdisplaySelected, function scope           get selected from ModalInstanceCtrl controller             scope.displayValue scope.selected                   codepre
Negative 387 pI have a MySQL column that contains a character like s eg. lees.  When performing Full text search lee on the column does not return any results.  Search including s e.g. lees takes a long time to return a huge number of results.p  pHow does MySQL Full text search handle a character like s and whats the best way to make search on this types column workp  pThanks.p
Negative 387 h2Descriptionh2  pI have a small product order system, where a user can add order lines, and on each order line add one or more products. I realise its quite unusual for more than one product to be on the same order line, but thats another issue.p  pThe products that can be selected on each line is based on a hierarchy of products. For examplep  h2Example product displayh2  precodeTShirts    Vneck    Roundneck    String vest codepre  h2JSON datah2  precodescope.products  [     id 1,    name T Shirts,    children [      id 4, name Roundneck, children [] ,      id 5, name Vneck, children [] ,      id 6, name String vest exclude, children []    ]  ,     id 2,    name Jackets,    children [      id 7, name Denim jacket, children [] ,      id 8, name Glitter jacket, children []    ]  ,     id 3,    name Shoes,    children [      id 9, name Oxfords, children [] ,      id 10, name Brogues, children [] ,      id 11, name Trainers exclude, children []   ]   codepre  p]p  pTShirts isnt selectable, but the 3 child products are.p  h2What Im trying to achieveh2  pWhat Id like to be able to do, is have a select all button which automatically adds the three products to the order line.p  pA secondary requirement, is that when the select all button is pressed, it excludes certain products based on the ID of the product. Ive created an exclusion array for this.p  pIve set up a a hrefhttpplnkr.coeditXsbyM0tye4vYGFhb8ygGppreview relnofollowPlunkera to illustrate the shopping cart, and what Im trying to do. p  pSo far it canp  ul liAdd  remove order linesli liAdd  remove productsli liAdd a check for all products in a section, excluding any that are in the exclusions arrayli ul  h2The problemh2  pHowever, although it adds the check in the input, it doesnt trigger the ngchange on the inputp  precodelttable classstriped tablegt     lttheadgt       lttrgt         lttd classcolmd3gtlttdgt         lttd classcolmd6gtlttdgt         lttd classcolmd3gtlta ngclickaddLine classbtn btnsuccessgt Add order lineltagtlttdgt       lttrgt     lttheadgt     lttbodygt       lttr ngrepeatline in orderHeader.linesgt         lttd classcolmd3gt            ltulgt             ltli ngrepeatproduct in products idline line.no product product.id gt                 product.name  lta ngclickselectAllproduct.id, line.no classbtn btnprimarygtSelect allltagt                ltulgt                ltli ngrepeatchild in product.childrengt                  ltinput typecheckbox                        ngchangesyncbool, child, line                        ngmodelbool                        datacategorychild.id                        idcheck line.no product child.id                        ngcheckedisCheckedchild.id, linegt                child.name                 ltligt                ltulgt              ltligt           ltulgt         lttdgt         lttd classcolmd6gt           ltpre stylemaxwidth 400pxgt line ltpregt         lttdgt         lttd classcolmd3gt           lta ngclickremoveLineline classbtn btnwarninggtRemove lineltagt         lttdgt       lttrgt     lttbodygt   lttablegt codepre  h2Javascripth2  precodescope.selectAll  functionproductid, line    target  document.getElementByIdlinelineproductproductid    checkboxes  target.getElementsByTagNameinput    for var i  0 i lt checkboxes.length i      if checkboxes[i].type  checkbox         category  checkboxes[i].dataset.category        ifscope.excluded.indexOfparseIntcategory  1                checkboxes[i].checked  true          TODO Check the checkbox, and set its bool parameter to TRUE                      codepre  h1Update with full solutionh1  pThere were a couple of issues with the above code. Firstly, I was trying to solve the problem by manipulating the DOM which is very much against what Angular tries to achieve.p  pSo the solution was to add a checked property on the products so that I can track if they are contained on the order line, and then the view is updated automatically.p  pOne drawback of this method is that the payload would be significantly larger unless it is filtered before being sent to the backend API as each order line now has data for ALL products, even if they arent selected.p  pAlso, one point that tripped me up was forgetting that Javascript passes codereferencescode of objects  arrays, not a new copy.p  h2The solutionh2  pstrongJavascriptstrongp  precode var myApp  angular.modulemyApp, []  myApp.controllerCartForm, [scope, functionscope     var inventory  [     id 1,    name T Shirts,   checked false,    children [      id 4, name Roundneck, checked false, children [] ,      id 5, name Vneck, checked false, children [] ,      id 6, name String vest exclude, checked false, children []    ]  ,     id 2,    name Jackets,   checked false,    children [      id 7, name Denim jacket, checked false, children [] ,      id 8, name Glitter jacket, checked false, children []    ]  ,     id 3,    name Shoes,    checked false,    children [      id 9, name Oxfords, checked false, children [] ,      id 10, name Brogues, checked false, children [] ,      id 11, name Trainers exclude, checked false, children []   ]      ]    scope.debugmode  false     var products  angular.copyinventory    scope.orderHeader   orderno 1, total 0, lines [        no 1,     products products,     total 0,     quantity 0    ]        scope.excluded  [6, 11]     scope.addLine  function    var products  angular.copyinventory    scope.orderHeader.lines.push       no scope.orderHeader.lines.length  1,       products products,       quantity 1,       total 0       scope.loading  false         scope.removeLine  functionindex    scope.orderHeader.lines.spliceindex, 1      scope.selectAll  functionproduct    angular.forEachproduct.children, functionitem     ifscope.excluded.indexOfparseIntitem.id  1          item.checkedtrue            scope.removeAll  functionproduct    angular.forEachproduct.children, functionitem     item.checkedfalse       scope.toggleDebugMode  function   scope.debugmode  scope.debugmode  false  true    ] codepre  pstronga hrefhttpplnkr.coeditB66d6phgTIIY4hMabWMDppreview relnofollowClick here to see the Plunkerastrongp
Negative 387 pI am trying to animate UICollectionviewCells as they are created. I wanted to give each collectionviewcell a frame whose origin would be outside the phone and then I try to animate them, the way I wanted to do this was to use animate with duration and save their actual frames so that I can have the collectionviewCells animate to the so called actual frames, the problem now is that, so I make one collectionViewcell in one section, so every collectionviewcell has 0 as its origin for the actual frame, I wont be able to get the correct frames on the screen to animate a uicollectionview cell too. Would anyone have any suggestion for me to achieve the animationp
Negative 387 pIm trying to replicate the behavior of MATLAB imagesc call in matplotlib  specifically    for very large images, decimate the image    as the user zooms in, show the image with less decimation.p  pIve written a class that will do it, but my solution seems overly complex.  Does anybody know a better wayp  pThanks in advance,p  pBrianp  pHeres my solutionp  pEDIT   The basic idea is     Catch a xlimchanged or ylimchanged event     Calculate a desired stride based on image size and desired num pixels     Drawp  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comflailingsquirrelcmakescipyctypesexampleblobmastersrcpythonFastImshow.py relnofollowhttpsgithub.comflailingsquirrelcmakescipyctypesexampleblobmastersrcpythonFastImshow.pyap  precodeusrbinenv python   Fast Plotter for Large Images  Resamples Images to a target resolution on each zoom. Example     sz  10000,20000  rows, cols     buf  np.arangesz[0]sz[1].reshapesz     extent  100,150,1000,2000     fig  plt.figure     ax   fig.addsubplot111     im  FastImshowbuf,extent,ax     im.show     plt.show   import numpy as np import matplotlib.pyplot as plt   class FastImshow          Fast plotter for large image buffers     Example         sz  10000,20000  rows, cols         buf  np.arangesz[0]sz[1].reshapesz         extent  100,150,1000,2000         fig  plt.figure         ax   fig.addsubplot111         im  FastImshowbuf,extent,ax         im.show         plt.show          def initself,buf,ax,extentNone,tgtres512                  [in] img buffer         [in] extent         [in] axis to plot on         [in] tgtresdefault512  target resolution                  self.buf  buf         self.sz  self.buf.shape         self.tgtres  tgtres         self.ax  ax           Members required to account for mapping extent to buf coordinates         if extent             self.extent  extent         else             self.extent  [ 0, self.sz[1], 0, self.sz[0] ]         self.startx  self.extent[0]         self.starty  self.extent[2]         self.dx  self.sz[1]  self.extent[1]  self.startx   extent dx         self.dy  self.sz[0]  self.extent[3]  self.starty   extent dy       end init      def getstrides self,xstart0, xend1, ystart0, yend1, tgtres512                   Get sampling strides for a given bounding region. If none is provided,            use the full buffer size                   size  rows,columns         if xend  1             xend  self.sz[1]         if yend  1             yend  self.sz[0]         if xendxstart lt self.tgtres             stridex  1         else             stridex  maxintxend  xstart  self.tgtres,1          if yendystart lt self.tgtres             stridey  1         else             stridey  maxintyend  ystart  self.tgtres,1          return stridex,stridey      end getstrides      def axupdateself, ax                  Event handler for replotting on zoom          gets bounds in img extent coordinates          converts to buffer coordinates          calculates appropriate strides          sets new data in the axis                  ax.setautoscaleonFalse   Otherwise, infinite loop           Get the range for the new area         xstart, ystart, xdelta, ydelta  ax.viewLim.bounds         xend  xstart  xdelta         yend  ystart  ydelta          xbinstart  intself.dx   xstart  self.startx          xbinend    intself.dx   xend  self.startx          ybinstart  intself.dy   ystart  self.starty          ybinend    intself.dy   yend  self.starty            Update the image object with our new data and extent         im  ax.images[1]          stridex,stridey  self.getstrides xbinstart,xbinend,ybinstart,ybinend          im.setdata self.buf[ybinstartybinendstridey,xbinstartxbinendstridex]           im.setextentxstart, xend, ystart, yend          ax.figure.canvas.drawidle      end axupdate      def showself                  Initial plotter for buffer                  stridex, stridey  self.getstrides         self.ax.imshow buf[stridex,stridey],extentself.extent,originlower,aspectauto          self.ax.figure.canvas.drawidle           self.ax.callbacks.connectxlimchanged, self.axupdate         self.ax.callbacks.connectylimchanged, self.axupdate      end show   end ImgDisplay  if namemain     sz  10000,20000  rows, cols     buf  np.arangesz[0]sz[1].reshapesz     extent  100,150,1000,2000     fig  plt.figure     ax   fig.addsubplot111     im  FastImshowbuf,ax,extentextent,tgtres1024     im.show      plt.show codepre
Negative 387 pI want to loop through an entire column codeW2code, while taking the average of each row. the column is 1326 long. p  pThe code I have below only calculates the average of codeW2code and codeB2code. Can someone help p  precodeNumCellsFromEdge  3 Dim NumOfCells As Integer NumOfCells  3  MsgBox GetTopDrTSNumCellsFromEdge, NumOfCells amp   average of  amp NumCellsFromEdge amp  cells in, and  amp NumOfCells amp  cells wide  End Sub  Function GetTopDrTSLNumCellsFromEdge As Integer, LNumOfCells As Integer As Double Dim val As Double Dim mycol As Double val  0 mycol  23  RangeW2.Select Columnsmycol.Select  Dim i As Integer For i  0 To LNumOfCells  1 RangeW2 amp i.Select      val  val  Selection.Worksheet.CellsSelection.Row, Selection.Column  EdgePos  LNumCellsFromEdge  i.Value  Next i  GetTopDrTS  val  LNumOfCells  End Function codepre
Negative 387 pLooking for example at a hrefhttpsgithub.comgittttatlaspackervagranttutorialblobmastertemplate.json relnofollowthe packeratlas tutorials template.jsona, we find at the beginningp  precode  push            name          , codepre  pand towards the endp  precodepostprocessors [         [             type vagrant,             keepinputartifact false         ,                      type atlas,             only [vmwareiso],             artifact user atlasusernameuser atlasname,             artifacttype vagrant.box,             metadata                  provider vmwaredesktop,                 version 0.0.1                      , codepre  pThe official a hrefhttpswww.packer.iodocstemplatesintroduction.html relnofollowdocumentationa says for the pushname configuration optionp  blockquote   pname string  Name of the build configuration in the build service.   If this doesnt exist, it will be created by default.p blockquote  pand for the post processorartifactp  blockquote   partifact string  The shorthand tag for your artifact that maps to   Atlas, i.e hashicorpfoobar for atlas.hashicorp.comhashicorpfoobar.p blockquote  pFirst, I do not understand either explanation. Second, shouldnt the actual values always be the same if one uses codepacker pushcodep
Negative 387 pTo insert a value into DB I use  p  precodeBasicDBObject obj  new BasicDBObjectcategory, category.appendunique, true                 .appendtitle, title.appendfullText, fullText.appendhrefTitle, hrefTitle                 .appenddateAdded, currentDateTime.appendformattedDateTime , dtf.printcurrentDateTime codepre  pBut the date time is always unique as the time value contains millisecond. Can p  precode.appendunique, true codepre  pbe modified so that the value is not inserted if the value of a separate column is contained within the db  So if a value for codetitlecode is same for multiple inserts it will just be inserted once, first time it is encountered p
Negative 387 pI am trying to skip a video ahead, using codecurrentTimecode.p  pI set my video up like thisp  precodeltstylegt videoplayer        displayinlineblock       width500px       height358px       marginleft20px  ltstylegt ltvideo idvideoplayer controls autoplaygt      ltsource srcmessi.mp4 typevideomp4gt ltvideogt codepre  pLater on, I have a click event set up on a button.p  precode    var video  document.getElementByIdvideoplayer     video.currentTime  parseIntvideo.currentTime  2 codepre  pAll I want that button to do is to move the video back 2 seconds in time.p  pBut when I click, it either moves the video to the beginning to freezes it up.p  pHelpp
Negative 387 pThere is a list of words and list of banned words. I want to go through the word list and redact all the banned words. This is what I ended up doing notice the codecatchedcode booleanp  pre classlangruby prettyprintoverridecodeputs Give input text text  gets.chomp puts Give redacted word redacted  gets.chomp  words  text.split  redacted  redacted.split  catched  false  words.each do word   redacted.each do redactedword     if word  redactedword         catched  true         print REDACTED          break     end   end     if catched  true         catched  false     else         print word        end end codepre  pIs there any properefficient wayp
Negative 387 pIm working on the fizzBuzz problem and I would like to make a solution with pure csshtml.p  pI need to render a ordered list with 15 empty html elements with as little code as possible. Is there any shorter way to do this without javascriptp  pthis is what I needp  precodeltolgtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltligtltolgt codepre
Negative 387 pI have a report with a field that does not display. In the Report Explorer, the field displays with a red arrow as seen in the image linked to below. The report pulls from a stored procedure. I do not see the required fields in the crystal reports document, but the fields displays in the software for which the report was made.p  pa hrefhttpswww.mediafire.comfxyuif1q3346h6t relnofollowhttpswww.mediafire.comfxyuif1q3346h6tap
Negative 387 pIm trying to pass data to another activity, but after passing it I want to convert it to int is there a way to do that.p  pThis my code p  precodeIntent intent  getIntent      Bundle bundle  intent.getExtras      ifbundle  null           checker.setTextbundle.getStringtemperature         String checkerHolder  checker.getText.toString          int finder  Intent.parseIntentcheckerHolder       codepre  pThe checkerHolder is the problem here look at the picp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comX63mC.jpg altenter image description herep  pAny idea p
Negative 387 pIm trying out Cumulocity right now with my Raspberry Pi and I want to setup some kind of uptime monitoring for the device and it seems Cumulocity has some possibility to add a time range in which a device normally is sending a message and therefore could alert if there wasnt a message inside this time range.p  pWhats the best way to send some kind of empingem message from a device to show that the device is online in Cumulocityp
Negative 387 pI have a table named codejosuserscode with blank column codeusertypecode and I have a table named codejosusersoldcode with column with values codeusertypecodep  pWhat I want is to move all values from column codeusertypecode of codejosusersoldcode table tp the blank column codeusertypecode of codejosuserscodep  pI triedp  precodeUPDATE josusers AS t1  INNER JOIN josusersold AS t2  ON t1.usertype  t2.usertype  SET t1.usertype  t2.usertype codepre  pIt came back with 0 rows are affectedp  pCan you please help me Thanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pSo lets say I have a DIV tagp  precodeltdiv classtestHeadgtltdivgt codepre  pI want to for all intents and purposes be visually identical to the codelth1gtcode tag for font look and feel, because thered be some issues actually using the codelth1gtcode tag.  Is there an easy way to set this up in CSS HTML5CSS3 is perfectly ok here.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to convert my BufferedImage to an Inputstream using the followingp  precodeBufferedImage bi  ImageIO.readfile.getInputStream bi  Scalr.resizebi, 300 ByteArrayOutputStream os  new ByteArrayOutputStream ImageIO.writebi, file.getContentType, os the content type is specified as imagejpeg codepre  pThe problem I am facing is that my codefile.getContentTypecode returns the value as imagejpeg instead of e.g. jpg, and thus shows a corrupt file.p  pIs there a good way to convert this to jpg or make it possibly accept imagejpeg I have many other file formats png for instance and think that a switch statement which does some logic to check what the content type is would be quite unnecessary.p
Negative 387 pRight now, I am hosting a site on a dedicated server, 8 GB ram, Intel Xeon E3 1230 V3. I am using long polling techniques in order to display information which gets added into a database consistently.p  pThe problem is so far, after around lets say 20 users come onto the site, it starts lagging and slowing down dramatically. Im pretty sure the server is strong enough to handle way more people than that. Thus, I am not sure what exactly is the problem. Can long polling using Apache handle that many users If not, how should I implement realtime information being displayed. And if it can, how should I configure Apache or anything in order to handle around 5001000 concurrent users.p  pAny help is appreciated.p  pThe jsAjax script Im using for longpolling is the followingp  precodefunction waitForMsg  .ajax     type GET,     url updatelog.phpitems  items,     async 0,     cache 1,     timeout 1e3,     success functiondata          var json  eval  data           getStatus, null  json.initial  div.betBox.loaddisplaylog.php  diff  json.items  json.initial, getdisplay, setTimeoutwaitForMsg, 1e3, items  json.items     ,     error function          setTimeoutwaitForMsg, 1e3       codepre  pp
Negative 387 pI have few questions related to asp .net development. can anyone answer my questions and help me.p  phow many projects does visual studio support currently, we are have 60 projects including all library projects is it good to continuously add projects to the single solution does this effect anythingp
Negative 387 pSo I am running into an issue using jsrsasign. I am not quite what I am doing wrong. I am attempting to emulate a hash process we are uinsg in NodeJS using angular and it is not clear what the issue is. Here is the process in we have in NodeJS that works perfectp  precodevar restler  requirerestler var path  requirepath var fs  requirefs var crypto  requirecrypto var dateFormat  requiredateformat  var shahash  crypto.createHashSHA1 var pem  fs.readFileSyncprivatekey.pem var pkey  pem.toStringascii  var privatekey       key pkey,     passphrasepassword   var currentdate  new Date console.logdateFormatcurrentdate, yyyymmdd HHMMss l var currentdate  20150506 200712 926  SToken shahash.updatecurrentdate var stoken  shahash.digesthex console.logstoken  Signature var signature  crypto.createSignRSASHA256 signature.updatestoken var sig  signature.signprivatekey, base64 console.logsig codepre  pBoth the SToken Values and the Signature Values produce the expected results if we try something similar using angularjs, the Signature value is incorrect.p  pHere is the index.htmlp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltbody ngappmaingt ltdiv ngviewgt ltdivgt ltbodygt ltscript srcbowercomponentsangularangular.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcbowercomponentsangularrouteangularroute.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcbowercomponentsdateformatdistdateformat.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript srchttpyui.yahooapis.com2.9.0buildyahooyahoomin.jsgt    ltscriptgt  ltscript srcbowercomponentscryptojscore.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcbowercomponentscryptojsx64core.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcbowercomponentscryptojspbkdf2.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcbowercomponentscryptojscryptojs.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcbowercomponentscryptojshmac.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcbowercomponentscryptojshmacsha256.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcbowercomponentscryptojssha1.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcbowercomponentscryptojssha256.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasignextbase64.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasignextjsbn.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasignextjsbn2.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasignextrsa.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasignextrsa2.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasigncrypto1.1.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasignrsasign1.2.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasignrsapem1.1.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasignasn11.0.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasignasn1hex1.1.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript languageJavaScript typetextjavascript srcbowercomponentsjsrsasignkeyutil1.0.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript srcmodulesauthenticationauthentication.module.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcmodulesauthenticationauthentication.controller.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcapp.js gtltscriptgt lthtmlgt codepre  pAnd here is the authentication.controller.js filep  precodefunction authenticationModule       var authenticationController  functionscope, http, q, filter           var deferred  q.defer         var privatekey  http             method GET,             url privatekey.pem         .successfunctionprivateKey              deferred.resolve              var currentdate  new Date             var datestring  filterdatecurrentdate, yyyymmdd HHMMss SSS             var datestring  20150506 200712 926              SToken             var stoken  CryptoJS.SHA1datestring.toString             console.logstoken             scope.stoken  stoken              Signature             var sig  new KJUR.crypto.Signaturealg SHA256withRSA, prov cryptojsjsrsa              sig.initprivateKey, password             sig.updateStringstoken             var signature  sig.sign             console.logsignature             scope.signature  signature         .errorfunctionerror              console.errorthere was an error reading file             deferred.rejecterror                     authenticationModule.controllerauthenticationController, [scope, http, q, filter, authenticationController]   angular.moduleauthentication codepre  pAnd here is the authentication.module.js filep  precodefunction angular       use strict     Initialize the Module     angular.moduleauthentication,[]  window.angular codepre  pHere is the app.js filep  precodefunctionangular      Defines my angular main portion of the application     var module  angular.modulemain,[ngRoute, authentication]       Defines the routes     module         .configfunctionrouteProvider             routeProvider                 .whenauth,     templateUrlmodulesauthenticationauthentication.view.html,  controllerauthenticationController                 .otherwiseredirectToauth           window.angular codepre  pAnd finally here is the viewp  precodeltdivgt     SToken stoken ltdivgt ltdivgt     Signature signature ltdivgt codepre  pAgain, just to repeat, the SToken value appears correct but when I show the signature, it is incorrect. I am not quite sure how to deal with this but any assistance would be appreciated. p
Negative 387 pI am using my custom Ip in vivado design to take inputs and give output via DMA.p  pSo my SDK code contains p  precodeStatus  XAxiDmaSimpleTransferampAxiDma, u32 RxBufferPtr,             MAXPKTLEN, XAXIDMADEVICETODMA  Status  XAxiDmaSimpleTransferampAxiDma, u32 TxBufferPtr,     MAXPKTLEN , XAXIDMADMATODEVICE codepre  pnow i want to send again RxBufferPtr to FPGA and recieve new computation values.p  pi did then like that  p  precode Status  XAxiDmaSimpleTransferampAxiDma, u32 NewBufferPtr,             MAXPKTLEN, XAXIDMADEVICETODMA   Status  XAxiDmaSimpleTransferampAxiDma, u32 RxBufferPtr,     MAXPKTLEN , XAXIDMADMATODEVICE codepre  pBut I am not getting that required output. Is it a right way to multiple transfer N times  or what is the way  kindly tell .p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI want to showcase some javascripts. To do so I read the contents of .js files with php filegetcontents then jsonencode and echo the results, then on the fore end I read the result through .get and then I do a JSON.parse on the resultsI have tried not parsing it but still eval doesnt work on the result.p  pOddly enough if I copy the result of jsonencode and paste it in a js variable then eval worksp  pWhat did I do wrongp  pServer sidep  precodenameGET[name] t  filegetcontents..graphics.name t  jsonencodet echo t codepre  pclient sidep  precode.getphplibreadGraph.php, namename, functiondata, status                     ifstatus                        evalJSON.parsedata                                             else                          alertAjax error                                           codepre
Negative 387 pI am new to Crystal and have an invoicing problem. We print in batches, so numerous invoices at a time. I have our logo, order number, invoice number, page number etc. in the page header since I want this to be at the top of all pages that have detail. I then have my details for numerous line items, then I have a group footer by invoice or order number with totals of each complete invoice. I have a group footer B with the terms and conditions because I want this to print once after every complete invoice. I do not want the page header to print on the last page with the terms and conditions I tried inserting the formula I found   if pagenumbertotalpagecount then true  else falsep  pBut this takes the page header off the last page with details since Crystal doesnt recognize any type of footer as a page. So if an invoice is 3 pages long it will print the header on page 1 amp 2 not on page 3 then it will print on the terms and conditions page which is labeled page 1 again. p  pI have looked for a solution but cant seem to find one. We are converting to a new system in 9 days and I have to get this figured out. PLEASE HELP Thank Youp
Negative 387 pI have two tables  codeusercode and codepaymentcode.p  pThe codeusercode table have code3 recordscode and each has code2 payment recordscode in codepaymentcode table. I want the last payment details of the users, but instead of getting 3 rows, I get only 1 row.p  precodethisgtdbgtselectuser., maxpayment.createat as lastpaymentat thisgtdbgtfromuser thisgtdbgtjoinpayment,payment.useriduser.id, left thisgtdbgtorderbyuser.id, desc  return thisgtdbgtgetgtresultobject codepre
Negative 387 pWhy is the following code like thisp  precodediv div background A4CA39 codepre  pIgnore the background color. I pulled this from the odin project android logo walkthrough.  This code was put at the top of the css sheet. Wondering why its codediv divcode and not just codedivcodep
Negative 387 pI have created a ASP.NET  JQuery Web application, that shows the content of the target page as IframePopup on mouse over.p  pThat works very good, except one thing The target page shows HTMLTags, when not open it directly. Has someone made the same experiences with iframes Opening the page directly will show the page correctly img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comkZpLn.png altiframe shows tagsp  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetUTF8 gt lttitlegtProcess steps in System Designlttitlegt ltlink href......cssea.css relstylesheet typetextcss gt                     ltstylegt                     tooltip                          width 100                         height 100                                              tooltipwrapper                          border 2px solid red                         display none                         height 100                                               leftwrapper                         positionrelative                         floatleft                         width400px                         padding0px                         margin0px                                          rightwrapper                                              display none                         backgroundcolor efefef                          positionrelative                         floatright                         width600px                         height100                         padding0px                         margin0px                                          middlebar                         positionrelative                         floatleft                         width10px                         margin0px                                          middlebarhover                         cursormove                                          overlaydiv                         zindex 1                         backgroundcolor 0A0A0A                         backgroundcolor rgb10,10,10                         backgroundcolor rgba10,10,10,.7                         colorffffff                         cursor crosshair                         positionabsolute                         width50px                         height16px                                          tooltip                         zindex 2                                          ltstylegt                      ltscript typetextjavascript srcScriptsjquery1.11.2.min.jsgtltscriptgt                      ltscriptgt                     function                           overlaydiv.clickfunction                               rightwrapper.stop.fadeOut                                                   area.hoverfunction                               tooltip.attrsrc, this.attrhref                             rightwrapper.css height  window .height80                              rightwrapper.stop.fadeIn                         , function                               tooltip.stop.fadeOut                                                 function initPagesrc          ifparentthisampampthis.location.indexOfEARoot1         document.locationthis.location.substring0,this.location.indexOfEARootindexthis.location.substringthis.location.lastIndexOf.gotothis.location.substringthis.location.indexOfEARoot7,this.location.lastIndexOf..replaceg,.replaceEAg,     else         parent.initPagesrc   function nameClassifiername, separator    var str  name   var classifierName   var node  document.getElementByIdnameclassifier   ifnode  null        classifierName  node.innerHTML      ifclassifierName         str  separator  classifierName       return str  ltscriptgt codepre  pIm head steht der code wie oben CSSJavascriptp  pDanach kommt der HTML Codep  precodeltheadgt ltbody onloadinitPagethis classContentgt ltdiv classPageBodygtltdiv idleftwrappergt  ltimg srcEA23.png usemapEA23 border0 gt  ltMAP NAMEEA23gt ltarea shaperect coords515,248,650,323 href..EA4EA169.htm targetselfgt ltarea shaperect coords206,249,341,324 href..EA4EA186.htm targetselfgt ltarea shaperect coords359,249,494,324 href..EA4EA190.htm targetselfgt ltarea shaperect coords676,248,811,323 href..EA4EA163.htm targetselfgt ltarea shaperect coords471,608,807,638 hrefEA24.htm targetselfgt ltarea shaperect coords11,606,259,636 hrefEA20.htm targetselfgt ltarea shaperect coords49,140,167,228 href.EA3EA131.htm targetselfgt ltarea shaperect coords40,249,181,406 href..EA2EA139.htm targetselfgt ltarea shaperect coords10,62,301,92 hrefEA92.htm targetselfgt ltarea shaperect coords14,10,289,32 href..EA4.htm targetselfgt ltMAPgt      ltdivgtltdiv idmiddlebargtltdivgtltdiv idrightwrappergtltdiv idoverlaydivgtclose xltdivgtltiframe idtooltipgtltiframegtltdivgt  ltdivgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 387 pI want to have a macro that first activates a particular worksheet and then selects a particular cell. However, when I run the code below I get the following message Runtime error1004 Select method of Range class failed. What am I doing wrongp  precodeFunction selectingCellsmyWs As String, myCell As Range      SheetsmyWs.Activate     myCell.Select  End Function    Sub callingFunction      Call selectingCellsData, RangeA1     Call selectingCellsPicklist, RangeA1  End Sub codepre
Negative 387 pI would need help to know why one of my prepared statement are not executed. here is the code p  pThe prepared statement p  precodeupdaterBalance  connection.prepareStatementUPDATE accounts SET balance   WHERE accountid   codepre  pThe table p  precodestatmnt.executeUpdateCREATE TABLE accounts  accountid INTEGER, balance DOUBLE PRECISION  statmnt.executeUpdateALTER TABLE accounts ADD CONSTRAINT balancemustbepositive CHECK balance gt 0 codepre  pThe failing method p  precode public boolean transferint from, int to, double amount throws DataStoreException     try      lookForAccount.setInt1, to     ResultSet result  lookForAccount.executeQuery              ifresult.next                   result.close                  lookForAccount.setInt1, from                 ResultSet result2  lookForAccount.executeQuery                   ifresult2.next                      updaterBalance.setDouble1, result2.getDoublebalance  amount                     updaterBalance.setInt2, from                     updaterBalance.executeUpdate                     result2.close                      updaterBalance.setDouble1, result2.getDoublebalance  amount                     updaterBalance.setInt2, to                     updaterBalance.executeUpdate                      return true                                  else                     return false                                           else                  return false                          catch Exception error          error.printStackTrace                 return false      codepre  pp  pThe call p  precode boolean a  manager.transfer1, 2, 10 codepre  pThe prepared statement works perfectly fine is a addMoney method that add money on a single specified accountid. At the moment of the call, there is 1000 in balance for the first accountid and 0 for the second. I never went in the if block. I simply cant fullfil the conditions. p  pAny idea p
Negative 387 pNgrepeat is present on a table row p  pMy query is how can we achieve the followingp  precodelttr ngrepeatx in ygt      Looping here....  lttrgt codepre  pNow as data object is looping on a codelttrgtcode. I have a scenario where I have to display data of 1 row in two codelttrgtcode.p  pEg.p  pTablep  ul liData1     data1.2     data1.3     data1.4li liData2     data2.2li liData2b   data2.3     data2.4li lipData3     data3.2     data3.3     data3.4pli lipData4    data4.2      data4.3      pli ul  pI.e. display data of 1 row in two p  pCant use ngrepeatendp
Negative 387 pIt seems there is a bug in the MOXy. The piece of code below works perfectly when fields in class Request declared as metaInfo and then content, but test fails on unmarshalling with exception when fields declared in reverse order content first and metaInfo second.p  precodeThe exception thrown is Going with type APPLICATIONXML Original request  contentPayload  [one, two, three], metaInforequestMetaInfo  confirmationfalse Marshaled as applicationxml ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gtltrequestgtltcollectiongtltcollection xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsitypexsdstringgtoneltcollectiongtltcollection xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsitypexsdstringgttwoltcollectiongtltcollection xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsitypexsdstringgtthreeltcollectiongtltcollectiongtltmetaInfogtltconfirmationgtfalseltconfirmationgtltmetaInfogtltrequestgt Local Exception Stack  Exception [EclipseLink32] Eclipse Persistence Services  2.6.0.v20150309bf26070 org.eclipse.persistence.exceptions.DescriptorException Exception Description Trying to set value [[one, two, three]] for instance variable [collection] of type [java.util.Collection] in the object.  The specified object is not an instance of the class or interface declaring the underlying field, or an unwrapping conversion has failed. Internal Exception java.lang.IllegalArgumentException Can not set java.util.Collection field test2.TestCase2Payload.collection to test2.TestCase2RequestMetaInfo Mapping org.eclipse.persistence.oxm.mappings.XMLCompositeCollectionMapping[collection] Descriptor XMLDescriptortest2.TestCase2Payload gt [DatabaseTablecollection]     at org.eclipse.persistence.exceptions.DescriptorException.illegalArgumentWhileSettingValueThruInstanceVariableAccessorDescriptorException.java703     at org.eclipse.persistence.internal.descriptors.InstanceVariableAttributeAccessor.setAttributeValueInObjectInstanceVariableAttributeAccessor.java188     at org.eclipse.persistence.mappings.DatabaseMapping.setAttributeValueInObjectDatabaseMapping.java1652     at org.eclipse.persistence.oxm.mappings.XMLCompositeCollectionMapping.setAttributeValueInObjectXMLCompositeCollectionMapping.java741     at org.eclipse.persistence.internal.oxm.XMLCompositeCollectionMappingNodeValue.setContainerInstanceXMLCompositeCollectionMappingNodeValue.java265     at org.eclipse.persistence.internal.oxm.record.UnmarshalRecordImpl.endDocumentUnmarshalRecordImpl.java628     at com.sun.org.apache.xerces.internal.parsers.AbstractSAXParser.endDocumentAbstractSAXParser.java745     at com.sun.org.apache.xerces.internal.impl.XMLDocumentFragmentScannerImpl.scanDocumentXMLDocumentFragmentScannerImpl.java515     at com.sun.org.apache.xerces.internal.parsers.XML11Configuration.parseXML11Configuration.java848     at com.sun.org.apache.xerces.internal.parsers.XML11Configuration.parseXML11Configuration.java777     at com.sun.org.apache.xerces.internal.parsers.XMLParser.parseXMLParser.java141     at com.sun.org.apache.xerces.internal.parsers.AbstractSAXParser.parseAbstractSAXParser.java1213     at com.sun.org.apache.xerces.internal.jaxp.SAXParserImplJAXPSAXParser.parseSAXParserImpl.java648     at org.eclipse.persistence.internal.oxm.record.XMLReader.parseXMLReader.java243     at org.eclipse.persistence.internal.oxm.record.SAXUnmarshaller.unmarshalSAXUnmarshaller.java978     at org.eclipse.persistence.internal.oxm.record.SAXUnmarshaller.unmarshalSAXUnmarshaller.java425     at org.eclipse.persistence.internal.oxm.record.SAXUnmarshaller.unmarshalSAXUnmarshaller.java635     at org.eclipse.persistence.internal.oxm.record.SAXUnmarshaller.unmarshalSAXUnmarshaller.java706     at org.eclipse.persistence.internal.oxm.XMLUnmarshaller.unmarshalXMLUnmarshaller.java643     at org.eclipse.persistence.jaxb.JAXBUnmarshaller.unmarshalJAXBUnmarshaller.java339     at test2.TestCase2.mainTestCase2.java67     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606     at com.intellij.rt.execution.application.AppMain.mainAppMain.java134 Caused by java.lang.IllegalArgumentException Can not set java.util.Collection field test2.TestCase2Payload.collection to test2.TestCase2RequestMetaInfo     at sun.reflect.UnsafeFieldAccessorImpl.throwSetIllegalArgumentExceptionUnsafeFieldAccessorImpl.java164     at sun.reflect.UnsafeFieldAccessorImpl.throwSetIllegalArgumentExceptionUnsafeFieldAccessorImpl.java168     at sun.reflect.UnsafeFieldAccessorImpl.ensureObjUnsafeFieldAccessorImpl.java55     at sun.reflect.UnsafeObjectFieldAccessorImpl.setUnsafeObjectFieldAccessorImpl.java75     at java.lang.reflect.Field.setField.java741     at org.eclipse.persistence.internal.descriptors.InstanceVariableAttributeAccessor.setAttributeValueInObjectInstanceVariableAttributeAccessor.java141     ... 24 more codepre  pHere is a test to reproduce the problem.p  precodepackage test2  import org.eclipse.persistence.jaxb.JAXBContext import org.eclipse.persistence.jaxb.JAXBContextFactory import org.eclipse.persistence.jaxb.MarshallerProperties import org.eclipse.persistence.jaxb.UnmarshallerProperties import org.eclipse.persistence.oxm.MediaType  import javax.xml.bind.Marshaller import javax.xml.bind.Unmarshaller import javax.xml.bind.annotation. import javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult import javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamSource import java.io.StringReader import java.io.StringWriter import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.Arrays import java.util.Collection import java.util.Collections     Test that fails if Request.content field declared before than Request.metaInfo, but works well if   Request.metaInfo goes first in declaration     MOXy 2.6.0   public class TestCase2      XmlRootElementname  request     XmlAccessorTypeXmlAccessType.FIELD     public static class RequestltTgt          XmlAnyElementlax  true         private T content  NB Causes test failure if declared before metaInfo, if declaration order is changed, things work          XmlElement         private RequestMetaInfo metaInfo          public Request                    public RequestT content, RequestMetaInfo metaInfo              this.content  content             this.metaInfo  metaInfo                   Override         public String toString              return request    content  content  , metaInfo  metaInfo                     XmlRootElement     XmlAccessorTypeXmlAccessType.FIELD     public static class RequestMetaInfo          XmlElement         private Boolean confirmation  false         Override         public String toString              return requestMetaInfo    confirmation  confirmation                     XmlRootElementname  collection     XmlAccessorTypeXmlAccessType.FIELD     public static class PayloadltTgt          XmlElement         private Collection collection  new ArrayList          public Payload         public PayloadCollectionltTgt collection             this.collection.addAllcollection                   public CollectionltTgt getCollection              return collection                   Override         public String toString              return Payload    getCollection                     Element name holding value of primitive types     public static final String VALUEELEMENT  value      Attribute prefix in JSON     public static final String ATTRIBUTEPREFIX       public static void mainString... args          try              for MediaType type  new MediaType[]MediaType.APPLICATIONXML, MediaType.APPLICATIONJSON                  System.out.printlnGoing with type   type                 JAXBContext context  JAXBContext JAXBContextFactory.createContext                     new Class[]                         Request.class,                         RequestMetaInfo.class,                         Payload.class                     ,                     Collections.emptyMap                  Marshaller marshaller  context.createMarshaller                 marshaller.setPropertyMarshallerProperties.MEDIATYPE, type                 marshaller.setPropertyUnmarshallerProperties.JSONINCLUDEROOT, false                 marshaller.setPropertyMarshallerProperties.JSONATTRIBUTEPREFIX, ATTRIBUTEPREFIX                 marshaller.setPropertyMarshallerProperties.JSONVALUEWRAPPER, VALUEELEMENT                 marshaller.setPropertyUnmarshallerProperties.JSONWRAPPERASARRAYNAME, true                  Request original  new Request                     new PayloadArrays.asListone,two,three,                     new RequestMetaInfo                                  System.out.printlnOriginal   original.toString                  StreamResult result  new StreamResultnew StringWriter                 marshaller.marshaloriginal, result                 String generated  result.getWriter.toString                 System.out.printlnMarshaled as   type.getMediaType     generated                  Unmarshaller unmarshaller  context.createUnmarshaller                 unmarshaller.setPropertyUnmarshallerProperties.MEDIATYPE, type                 unmarshaller.setPropertyUnmarshallerProperties.JSONINCLUDEROOT, false                 unmarshaller.setPropertyUnmarshallerProperties.JSONATTRIBUTEPREFIX, ATTRIBUTEPREFIX                 unmarshaller.setPropertyUnmarshallerProperties.JSONVALUEWRAPPER, VALUEELEMENT                 unmarshaller.setPropertyUnmarshallerProperties.JSONWRAPPERASARRAYNAME, true                   Request unmarshalled  unmarshaller.unmarshalnew StreamSourcenew StringReadergenerated, Request.class.getValue                 System.out.printlnUnmarshaled   unmarshalled.toString                       catch Exception e              e.printStackTrace                codepre  pPlease any ideas what can be wrongp
Negative 387 pIm using bookshelf.js and trying to delete some registers.p  pMy codep  precode bookshelf.Model.extend    tableName  campaigntargetinterests   campaign.id  3  .collectioncampaign  campaign.id.invokeThendestroy.thenfunction     console.logDeleted   codepre  pBut it returns me the following error p  precodeUnhandled rejection Error A model cannot be destroyed without a where clause or an idAttribute. codepre  pWhat can I do Thanks.p
Negative 387 pI need to retrieve all the documents that are in my collection in MongoDB, but I cannot figure out how. I have declared my collection like thisp  precodeprivate static IMongoCollectionltProjectgt SpeCollection  db.GetCollectionltProjectgtcollectionProject codepre  pand I followed what is explained in a hrefhttpmongodb.github.iomongocsharpdriver2.0gettingstartedquicktourgetasingledocumentwithafilter relnofollowthisa MongoDB tutorial. I adjusted it for my needs, likep  precode var documents  await SpeCollection.Findnew Project.ToListAsync codepre  pHowever I keep having the following error p  blockquote   pMongoDB.Driver.IMongoCollection does not have a definition for Find and the best override of the extension method [superlong stuff].Find contains non valid argumentsp blockquote
Negative 387 pI am trying to setup internode and client encryption on cassandra. I set up a small ca, generated the certificates, distributed them and configured the nodes to use them.p  pInternode encryption worked straight forward, cqlsh after I added ssl.p  pBut I am not able to setup OpsCenter running 5.1.1. Two issuesp  ol liI added the ca file path, for me etcopscentercassandraca.pem, as asked. I cant save the cluster until I add a keystore even if I did not set a mark for client verification  also I cant find any documentation which keystore is meant here. Since OpsCenter is python these are obviously not the jks keystores from cassandra.li ol  pI guess that it is meant in that way, the individual nodes present thier certificate to opscenter which would verify it against the castore.p  ol start2 liTrying to connect gives me an error in opscenterd.logli ol  blockquote precode20150526 1020490000 []  INFO Using SSL when checking thrift connection etccassandracassandraca.crt, clientpemNone, clientkeyNone, validateTrue 20150526 1020490000 []  INFO Starting factory ltopscenterd.ThriftService.NoReconnectCassandraClientFactory instance at 0x7fa4868c03b0gt 20150526 1020490000 [] Unhandled Error         Traceback most recent call last           File usrshareopscenterlibpydebian2.7amd64twistedpythonlog.py, line 84, in callWithLogger             return callWithContextsystem lp, func, args, kw           File usrshareopscenterlibpydebian2.7amd64twistedpythonlog.py, line 69, in callWithContext             return context.callILogContext newCtx, func, args, kw           File usrshareopscenterlibpydebian2.7amd64twistedpythoncontext.py, line 59, in callWithContext             return self.currentContext.callWithContextctx, func, args, kw           File usrshareopscenterlibpydebian2.7amd64twistedpythoncontext.py, line 37, in callWithContext             return funcargs,kw          ltexception caught heregt            File usrshareopscenterlibpydebian2.7amd64twistedinternetepollreactor.py, line 220, in doReadOrWrite             why  selectable.doWrite           File usrshareopscenterlibpydebian2.7amd64twistedinternettcp.py, line 664, in doConnect             self.connectDone           File usrshareopscenterlibpydebian2.7amd64twistedinternetssl.py, line 160, in connectDone             self.startTLSself.ctxFactory           File usrshareopscenterlibpydebian2.7amd64twistedinternettcp.py, line 561, in startTLS             if Connection.startTLSself, ctx, client           File usrshareopscenterlibpydebian2.7amd64twistedinternettcp.py, line 402, in startTLS             self.socket  SSL.Connectionctx.getContext, self.socket           File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesopscenterdSslUtils.py, line 54, in getContext            File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesOpenSSLSSL.py, line 303, in loadverifylocations             raise TypeErrorcafile must be None or a byte string         exceptions.TypeError cafile must be None or a byte string  20150526 1020490000 []  INFO lttwisted.internet.ssl.Connector instance at 0x7fa4868c05f0gt will retry in 2 seconds 20150526 1020490000 []  INFO Unhandled error in Deferred 20150526 1020490000 [] Unhandled Error         Traceback most recent call last         Failure twisted.internet.error.ConnectError An error occurred while connecting [Failure instance Traceback failure with no frames lttype exceptions.TypeErrorgt cafile must be None or a byte string         ].            ]. codepre blockquote  pAny hints about thisp  pThanks in advance, Janp
Negative 387 pi have a problem with rsyslog and apache2 on ubuntu server. I have 2 server on amazon ec2 the first with apache2 and ubuntu 14.04, this the config apache CustomLogp  precodeCustomLog usrbinlogger t httpd p local0.info combined codepre  prsyslog conf on apache2 serverp  precodeModLoad immark  provides MARK message capability ModLoad imudp  provides UDP syslog reception MaxMessageSize 64k ModLoad imtcp  provides TCP syslog reception and GSSAPI if compiled to support it ModLoad imuxsock  provides support for local system logging e.g. via logger command ModLoad imklog  provides kernel logging support previously done by rklogd   ActionQueueType LinkedList    use asynchronous processing ActionQueueSaveOnShutdown on  save inmemory data if rsyslog shuts down   template RawMessage,msg28192n  Use default timestamp format  ActionFileDefaultTemplate RSYSLOGTraditionalFileFormat ActionFileDefaultTemplate RawMessage  ActionQueueSaveOnShutdown on ActionFileDefaultTemplate RSYSLOGTraditionalFileFormat   Filter duplicated messages    Set the default permissions for all log files.  FileOwner syslog FileGroup adm FileCreateMode 0640 DirCreateMode 0755 Umask 0022 PrivDropToUser syslog PrivDropToGroup syslog    Where to place spool files  WorkDirectory varspoolrsyslog    Include all config files in etcrsyslog.d  IncludeConfig etcrsyslog.d.conf local0.                        10.0.0.215514 codepre  pThis the conf on Rsyslog Serverp  precodeModLoad immark  provides MARK message capability ModLoad imudp  provides UDP syslog reception MaxMessageSize 64k ModLoad imtcp  provides TCP syslog reception and GSSAPI if compiled to support it ModLoad imuxsock  provides support for local system logging e.g. via logger command ModLoad imklog  provides kernel logging support previously done by rklogd InputTCPServerRun 514 MainMsgQueueWorkerThreads 2    KLogPermitNonKernelFacility on  template RawMessage,msg28192n  Use default timestamp format  ActionFileDefaultTemplate RSYSLOGTraditionalFileFormat ActionFileDefaultTemplate RawMessage   GLOBAL DIRECTIVES      Use traditional timestamp format.  To enable high precision timestamps, comment out the following line.  ActionFileDefaultTemplate RSYSLOGTraditionalFileFormat   Filter duplicated messages RepeatedMsgReduction on    Set the default permissions for all log files.  FileOwner syslog FileGroup adm FileCreateMode 0640 DirCreateMode 0755 Umask 0022 PrivDropToUser syslog PrivDropToGroup syslog    Where to place spool and state files  WorkDirectory varspoolrsyslog     Include all config files in etcrsyslog.d  IncludeConfig etcrsyslog.d.conf if  fromhostip  10.0.0.249 then          local0. logtrackaccess.log         local1. logtrackerror.log codepre  pWhen i received log like thisp  precode172.16.12.10   [27May2015120734 0200] GET track.gifenvprodampampampurlhttps253A252F252Fwww.pippo.com252Fen252F253Fgclid253DCISlzavW4cUCFdTKtAodxB4A6w2526gclsrc253Daw.dsampamppagetypefrontendhomeampampreferrerhttp253A252F252Fwww.googleadservices.com252Fpagead252Faclk253Fsa253DL2526ai253DC4N9XIpdlVfriAoubzAPuwIKICqS44pwGlJag5uYBzY8uwYIABABYP0CoAGniuvUA8gBAakCdgMSv6xRsj6qBCFP0D0SE4u62egFAWFZtU93fGE2twQjLNDQ8i4bvEF97uIBgGAB4yBmy2QBwOoB6aG6gHk8IbqAeUwhvYBwE2526ohost253Dwww.google.it2526cid253D5GgDz5moUjiFDIteyMD0O5H0RYcBOyBOlDLGAHfjurPCNhw2526sig253DAOD640veZKbVkpJXcHPk7P9BozaMyCg2526clui253D02526rct253Dj2526q253D2526ved253D0CB4Q0Qw2526adurl253Dhttp253A252F252Fclickserve.dartsearch.net252Flink252Fclick25253Flid25253D43700006055697094252526dsskwgid25253D58700000406638750252526dseadid25253D61947057188252526dsematchtype25253Dsearch252526dsedevice25253Dc252526dsenetwork25253Dg252526dsurlv25253D2ampamplocaleenampampid83a32c31874509ceafbba70c3f ltCUT CUT CUTgt 8076f5ampamphitid83a32c31874509ceafbba70c3f8076f51432721206725ampampmaidampampagentMozilla5.020Windows20NT206.120WOW6420AppleWebKit537.3620KHTML,20like20Gecko20Chrome43.0.2357.8120Safari537.36ampampcurrencyEURampampsessionampampcustomer HTTP1.1 200 1386  Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 WOW64 AppleWebKit537.36 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome43.0.2357.81 Safari537.36 codepre  pThe log are cut at the  line. Why p
Negative 387 pI have Dir A which contains Dir B and Dir C.p  pDir B has file.py and Dir C has library.py. I want to be able to import library.py into file.py. and other possible files. I am very confused how to do it. Can someone help pleasep  pI tried putting stronginitstrong.py inside different directories but it does not seem to help when i do import library in file.py.p  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI am adding codeHow to Playcode instructions to a game which I have created using libGDX. The instructions scroll need to be shown only inside a fixed area of the screen, not as a full screen scroll. I have created a stage and added some background and other actors, and then some labels which are the titleoutside the scroller and the instructions textthe only thing that need to be scrolled. It also should not be scrolling horizontally, just vertically. So I set the width of the Label and wrapped the text. In short I need full control of the position and size of the scroller, it shouldnt be full screen. So I wrote the following code to add the instruction scrollerp  precodeprivate void addHelpContent      int width  int 0.85alertBounds.width     int height  scrollStartY  scrollEndY     int x  Constants.APPWIDTH2  width2      BitmapFont font  Model.getInstance.createFontConstants.ROCKNORMALFONTFILEPATH, 20     Label.LabelStyle labelStyle  new Label.LabelStyle     labelStyle.font  font     labelStyle.fontColor  Color.valueOfA07E10FF     Label label  new LabelgetHelpString, labelStyle     label.setWidthwidth     label.setWraptrue     label.pack     label.setFillParenttrue     ScrollPane scrollPane  new ScrollPanelabel     scrollPane.setBoundsx, scrollEndY, width, height This should be the bounds of the scroller and the scrollable content need to be inside this     scrollPane.layout     scrollPane.setTouchableTouchable.enabled     addActorscrollPane  codepre  pBut now I am facing two problemsp  ol liI am not able to scroll the scrollpane. The label is cut off right at the bounds making the Scrollpane useless.li liThe other actors except the Labels doesnt appear at first, they will appear only after I scroll the scrollpaneand it wont scroll. This problem is not there if I comment off the code to add the scroll pane. So I am sure it is related to the scrollpane itself.li ol  pCan anyone please help me solve thisp
Negative 387 pI have a filters.py file in my flask application and its content isp  precode  coding utf8  from future import absoluteimport, unicodeliterals, printfunction import arrow from fresque import APP   APP.templatefiltershort def shortedcommitcid     Gets short version of the commit id     return cid[6]   APP.templatefilterhumanize def humanizedatedate      Template filter returning the last commit date of the provided repo.          return arrow.getdate.humanize codepre  pNow I am trying to use this template filter in the html file which content is as followsp  precode extends layout.html   import macros.html as macros   block content   if tree           for entry in tree                  ltspangt  entry.name  ltspangt                 ltspangt  entry.hexshort ltspangt          endfor     endif   endblock  codepre  pAlso the controller function which renders this pages is written as and saved in file named as gitview.py. This file resides in same folder as of filters.pyp  precode  coding utf8  from future import absoluteimport, unicodeliterals, printfunction  import os import flask import pygit2  from fresque import APP from fresque.lib.git import Repository   APP.routerepoltnamegt def repobaseviewname     path  os.path.join         APP.config[GITDIRECTORYPATH], flask.g.fasuser.username      try         repoobj  Repositoryos.path.joinpath, name     except IOError         return No such repo, 404      cnt  0     lastcommits  []     tree  []     if not repoobj.isempty         try             for commit in repoobj.walk                     repoobj.head.target, pygit2.GITSORTTIME                 lastcommits.appendcommit                 cnt  1                 if cnt  3                     break             tree  sortedlastcommits[0].tree, keylambda x x.filemode         except pygit2.GitError             pass     return flask.rendertemplategitrepo.html, treetree codepre  pbut when I am trying to make a request to the endpoint repo, I am getting this error.p  precodeTemplateAssertionError no filter named short codepre  pHere is the full traceback of the errorp  precode127.0.0.1   [01Jun2015 023728] GET repospiderman HTTP1.1 500  Traceback most recent call last   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesflaskapp.py, line 1836, in call     return self.wsgiappenviron, startresponse   File UsersrranjanPythonfresquefresqueproxy.py, line 50, in call     return self.appenviron, startresponse   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesflaskapp.py, line 1820, in wsgiapp     response  self.makeresponseself.handleexceptione   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesflaskapp.py, line 1403, in handleexception     reraiseexctype, excvalue, tb   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesflaskapp.py, line 1817, in wsgiapp     response  self.fulldispatchrequest   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesflaskapp.py, line 1477, in fulldispatchrequest     rv  self.handleuserexceptione   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesflaskapp.py, line 1381, in handleuserexception     reraiseexctype, excvalue, tb   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesflaskapp.py, line 1475, in fulldispatchrequest     rv  self.dispatchrequest   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesflaskapp.py, line 1461, in dispatchrequest     return self.viewfunctions[rule.endpoint]req.viewargs   File UsersrranjanPythonfresquefresquegitview.py, line 41, in repobaseview     return flask.rendertemplategitrepo.html, treetree   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesflasktemplating.py, line 127, in rendertemplate     return renderctx.app.jinjaenv.getorselecttemplatetemplatenameorlist,   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesjinja2environment.py, line 830, in getorselecttemplate     return self.gettemplatetemplatenameorlist, parent, globals   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesjinja2environment.py, line 791, in gettemplate     return self.loadtemplatename, self.makeglobalsglobals   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesjinja2environment.py, line 765, in loadtemplate     template  self.loader.loadself, name, globals   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesjinja2loaders.py, line 125, in load     code  environment.compilesource, name, filename   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesjinja2environment.py, line 554, in compile     self.handleexceptionexcinfo, sourcehintsource   File Usersrranjan.virtualenvsfresquelibpython2.7sitepackagesjinja2environment.py, line 742, in handleexception     reraiseexctype, excvalue, tb   File UsersrranjanPythonfresquefresquetemplatesgitrepo.html, line 15, in ltmodulegt     ltspan classfilehex gt entry.hexshort ltspangt TemplateAssertionError no filter named short codepre
Negative 387 pI have a code which opens a text file. It contains a number of rows that is more than the limit of Excel. When manually opening it, there is a prompt that says File not loaded completely but when in macro, I dont see a prompt. p  pWhat I want to do is to catch that error. Even when the display alerts of my macro is enabled, still no error is caught.p  precode On Error Goto catcherr  ...open text file here  On Error Goto 0   catcherr    Msgbox err.description codepre  pThat is the structure of my code.p
Negative 387 pIm new to Entity framework and struggling to find a solution for the following. Ive 3 different tables  Admin, AdminReport and Reports. Admin is the admin details of an application, Admin Report is the report details which is owned by the specific admin. Reports is the reference table that contains the reference data of the reports. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comuPrWp.png altTable Relationshipp  pNow, When I add these tables, Admin and Report tables are added as entity but AdminReport is added as Association. p  pIm in a situation, where I need to delete or insert records into Admin Report but whenever I do something, Entity Framework tries to update my reference table Report. Code as belowp  precode public void UpdateAdminDetailsListltAdminDetailsgt AdminListtoUpdate       foreachvar admin in AdminListtoUpdate       var updateAdmin  db.Admins.SingleOrDefaultitem gt item.adminId  admin.AdminId ampamp admin.IsNew                       updateAdmin.IsAdmin  admin.IsAdmin                    updateAdmin.PersonId  admin.PersonId   User on the front end can remove few reports associated with the admin                      var AdminReportIDsListToDelete  admin.AdminReport.Selectd gt d.AdminReportId.ToList                     var itemsToDelete  updateAdmin.AdminReports.Whered gt AdminReportIDsListToDelete.Containsd.AdminReportId.ToList                     foreach var itemtoDelete in itemsToDelete                        admin.AdminReport.RemoveitemtoDelete   User on the front end can add new reports to the admin.                               var AdminReportIDsListToCreate  updateAdmin.AdminReports.Selectc gt c.AdminReportId.ToList                    var itemsToCreate  admin.AdminReports.Wherec gt AdminReportIDsListToCreate.Containsc.AdminReportId.ToList                     updateAdmin.AdminReports.AddRangeitemsToCreate                    db.saveChanges                                         codepre  pBut, Im getting an error message stating that it cannot insert duplicate records to the reports table. p  pRequest your help to resolve this query. Thanks.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to use autoit for Windows file upload. I am clicking a browse button which will open file upload popup. I want autoit to type the location of the file and click open.p  pI need to use FF, Chrome, and IE for testing. I am able to get this to work if I use the Title, but the problem is that each browser has a different title. I would like to use class, as it is 32700 for all browsers. Ive tried using class instead of the title, but its not working.p  pWhen I use title, everything works fine. Below is an example for Firefox. In this script, the file name is entered and open is clicked.p  precodeControlFocusFile Upload,,Edit1 ControlSetTextFile Upload, , Edit1, SomeFile.txt ControlClickFile Upload, ,Button1 codepre  pWhen I try to use class, text is not being entered and the open button is not getting clicked. There are no errors in the autoit script editor, so Im not sure why this isnt working.  p  precodeControlFocus[CLASS32770],,Edit1 ControlSetText[CLASS32770], , Edit1, SomeFile.txt ControlClick[CLASS32770], ,Button1 codepre  pIve also tried to add all three browser titles to 1 AutoIt script. The below script is working for FireFox and IE, but doesnt do anything in Chrome. p  precodeLocal OrgFile  SomeFile.csv Local ControlIDText  Edit1 Local ControlIDButton  Button1 Local TitleFF  File Upload Local TitleChrome  Open Local TitleIE  Choose File to Upload  FireFox Import ControlFocusTitleFF,,ControlIDText ControlSetTextTitleFF, , ControlIDText, OrgFile ControlClickTitleFF, ,ControlIDButton  Chrome Import ControlFocusTitleChrome,,ControlIDText ControlSetTextTitleChrome, , ControlIDText, OrgFile ControlClickTitleChrome, ,ControlIDButton  IE Import ControlFocusTitleIE,,ControlIDText ControlSetTextTitleIE, , ControlIDText, OrgFile ControlClickTitleIE, ,ControlIDButton codepre
Negative 387 pRight now, my program takes more than 10mins LOL try to display all the possible words if those words are in the file that can be created from the given letters. In that file, it has more than 4000 words How to make my program run faster by using recursion, and not using any libraries because im new to it.p  precodeif user input letters b d o s y codepre  pthen it will look up all the possible words in that file to createp  precodeb d boy boys by codepre  pthe codep  precodewords  set  def foundword, file      Reads through file and tries     to match given word in a line.      with openfile, r as rf         for line in rf.readlines             if line.strip  word                 return True         return False   def scramblerletters, sletters        Output every possible combination of a word.     Each recursive call moves a letter from     rletters remaining letters to     sletters scrambled letters      if sletters         words.addsletters     for i in rangelenrletters         scramblerletters[i]  rletters[i1], sletters  rletters[i]  thesarus  inputEnter the name of the file containing all of the words  letters   inputPlease enter your letters separated by a space  word  .joinletters.split  scrambleword,  ll  listwords ll.sort for word in ll     if foundword, thesarus         printword codepre
Negative 387 pJust started using bootstrap to make my own website and post my accomplishments on it. The problem is, i dont know how to put these cool examples in my page. Any help pleasep
Negative 387 pI have a question about inserting multiple entities. What happens to the entities if i persist every entity in a loop and then i flush  I mean what happens if one of this entities is duplicated and cant be inserted  Are all entities removed or only the one which is duplicated p  precodeforeachdatas as data          obj  new DataLerne          Code ..         objgtsetAttdata[att]         emgtpersistobj  emgtflush codepre  pThank you for your responsesp
Negative 387 pI have an CSV file with 7 columns, which a user has to upload so it can be added in the database. I found some help in reading the CSV and putting all the info in a single table, however, the data has to be spread over three tables.p  pMy code for inserting all the data to 1 tablep  precode        protected void Uploadobject sender, EventArgs e              Upload and save the file         string csvPath  Server.MapPathTemp  Path.GetFileNameFileUpload1.PostedFile.FileName         FileUpload1.SaveAscsvPath          DataTable dt  new DataTable         dt.Columns.AddRangenew DataColumn[7]           new DataColumnTitle, typeofstring,         new DataColumnArtist, typeofstring,         new DataColumnYears, typeofstring,         new DataColumnPosition, typeofstring,         new DataColumnSenddate, typeofstring,         new DataColumnSendfrom, typeofstring,         new DataColumnSendtill, typeofstring           string csvData  File.ReadAllTextcsvPath         foreach string row in csvData.Splitn                      if string.IsNullOrEmptyrow                              dt.Rows.Add                 int i  0                 foreach string cell in row.Split                                      dt.Rows[dt.Rows.Count  1][i]  cell                     i                                                 string consString  ConfigurationManager.ConnectionStrings[connection].ConnectionString         using SqlConnection con  new SqlConnectionconsString                      using SqlBulkCopy sqlBulkCopy  new SqlBulkCopycon                              Set the database table name                 sqlBulkCopy.DestinationTableName  dbo.ingevoerd                 con.Open                 sqlBulkCopy.WriteToServerdt                 con.Close                            codepre  pAs you can see, it takes 7 columns, and puts them in the table [dbo].[ingevoerd]p  pHow can i split the data to put the column Title and Years in a table called Song, Artist in a table called Artiest, and Position, Senddate, Sendfrom an Sendtill in a table called Lijstp  pFor more information, put down a comment.p
Negative 387 pOn codefirefoxcode browser console, I could access codeltbodygtltbodygtcode container as shown below.p  precodegt window         [object Window] gt documentObject  window[document]         [object HTMLDocument] gt documentObject[body]         [object HTMLBodyElement] codepre  pPlease let me know, How do I access codeltheadgtltheadgtcode containerp  pemNote Please do not recommend codegetElementByTagNamecode kind of methods. I am trying to access the way I did above using dictionary syntax.emp
Negative 387 pI started creating a project with Play Framework 2.3 in Intellij IDEA. In this project I need to have an embedded database. The builtindatabase for Play is H2. To browse the database I need to type h2browser in play console. BUT I cant open the play console. I tried to type play, activator, sbt in terminal in path of my project, but get only that command not found.p  pThis is my build.sbtp  precodename  helpies  version  1.0  lazy val helpies  project in file..enablePluginsPlayJava  scalaVersion  2.11.1  libraryDependencies  Seq   javaJdbc ,   javaEbean ,   cache ,   javaWs,   org.webjars  webjarsplay  2.3.02,   org.webjars  bootstrap  3.1.12,   org.webjars  flatui  bcaf2de95e     libraryDependencies  Seq   javaJpa.excludeorg.hibernate.javax.persistence, hibernatejpa2.0api,   org.hibernate  hibernateentitymanager  4.3.9.Final   unmanagedResourceDirectories in Test lt  baseDirectory   targetwebpublictest  codepre  pEDIT I realized, that I created my project without typesafe activator. Is there any way to import my project in activator or I have only possibility to create a new app with activator I dont find the answer in activators docs. Or is there any possibility to start play console without activatorp
Negative 387 pI wrote this code and I wonder if you guys can help me figure out how to make my application close whenever i enter the name BobBOBbob in text1.p  precodepublic class Event extends JFrame      create items      private JTextField text1     private JTextField text2     private JTextField text3     private JPasswordField pass1       public Event         superThe title         setLayoutnew FlowLayout         setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE            text1  new JTextField10         addtext1          text2  new JTextFieldenter text here         addtext2         text3  new JTextFielduneditbale, 15         text3.setEditablefalse         addtext3          pass1  new JPasswordFieldenter your password, 10         addpass1          create object         thehandler handler  new thehandler         text1.addActionListenerhandler         text2.addActionListenerhandler         text3.addActionListenerhandler         pass1.addActionListenerhandler          constructor Event ends           private class thehandler implements ActionListener          public void actionPerformedActionEvent event              String string                ifevent.getSourcetext1                 stringString.formatfield 1 s,event.getActionCommand             else ifevent.getSourcetext2                 stringString.formatfield 2 s,event.getActionCommand             else ifevent.getSourcetext3                 stringString.formatfield 3 s,event.getActionCommand             else ifevent.getSourcepass1                 stringString.formatPassword is  s,event.getActionCommand              JOptionPane.showMessageDialognull, string                    public static void mainString[] args          Event ev  new Event         ev.setSize350, 100         ev.setVisibletrue        codepre
Negative 387 pI have a web service that pull data from Access database. In my client App I access few methods at the same time, the problem is the usually this errorp  blockquote   pAn attempt has been made to free an RCW that is in use.  The RCW is in   use on the active thread or another thread.  Attempting to free an   inuse RCW can cause corruption or data loss.p blockquote  pI tried to find the solution on the web, but I couldnt find anything helpfull.p  pThis is the code that Im using to connect the DBp  precode public static DataSet DataSetRetriverString cmdStr, String tableName                      cmd  new OleDbCommand             cmd.CommandText  cmdStr             cmd.Connection  con             OleDbDataAdapter da  new OleDbDataAdaptercmd             DataSet ds  new DataSet             try                              con.Open                 da.Fillds, tableName                          catch Exception exp                              return null                          finally                              con.Close                 da  null                          return ds          codepre
Negative 387 pUsing GoogleAPI v3 url using this url a hrefhttpswww.googleapis.comyoutubev3videospartsnippetampidDwxnID2q4Aampkey relnofollowhttpswww.googleapis.comyoutubev3videospartsnippetampidDwxnID2q4AampkeyaMyKeyp  pI get this jsonp  precode      kind youtubevideoListResponse,  etag dhbhlDw5j8dK10GxeVUG6RSReMuzqDS1yLcX0DglL60bHeS56kZ7c,  pageInfo    totalResults 1,   resultsPerPage 1  ,  items [       kind youtubevideo,    etag dhbhlDw5j8dK10GxeVUG6RSReMl7OMkGqgmC10NvbO5PzInonZzA,    id DwxnID2q4A,    snippet      publishedAt 20140108T053404.000Z,     channelId UCtA7mzeypludtFySMXTusQ,     title Can You Walk on Water NonNewtonian Fluid Pool,     description Running, jumping and biking on 8,000 litres of nonnewtonian fluid in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Brought to you by Mach by Hong Leong Bank together with We are KIX. Music and info below..nnGet Banking with Mach by Hong Leong Bank httpwww.machbyhongleongbank.comnnA film and event concept by httpwww.wearekix.comnnFeatured Runner httpswww.caykuijpers.comnnMUSIC by Thrill me now amp Ion Ray httpssoundcloud.comthrillmenowwalkonwatercanyouwalkonwatersoundtracknnHosted at The Square Publika nDance Crew httpwww.facebook.comKatoonNetworkDanceCrewnLive DJ and Sound Effects by httpwww.facebook.comweare2dbnLive DJs httpwww.facebook.comdeersociety,     thumbnails       default        url httpsi.ytimg.comviDwxnID2q4Adefault.jpg,       width 120,       height 90      ,      medium        url httpsi.ytimg.comviDwxnID2q4Amqdefault.jpg,       width 320,       height 180      ,      high        url httpsi.ytimg.comviDwxnID2q4Ahqdefault.jpg,       width 480,       height 360      ,      standard        url httpsi.ytimg.comviDwxnID2q4Asddefault.jpg,       width 640,       height 480      ,      maxres        url httpsi.ytimg.comviDwxnID2q4Amaxresdefault.jpg,       width 1280,       height 720           ,     channelTitle Mach by Hong Leong Bank,     categoryId 24,     liveBroadcastContent none,     localized       title Can You Walk on Water NonNewtonian Fluid Pool,      description Running, jumping and biking on 8,000 litres of nonnewtonian fluid in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Brought to you by Mach by Hong Leong Bank together with We are KIX. Music and info below..nnGet Banking with Mach by Hong Leong Bank httpwww.machbyhongleongbank.comnnA film and event concept by httpwww.wearekix.comnnFeatured Runner httpswww.caykuijpers.comnnMUSIC by Thrill me now amp Ion Ray httpssoundcloud.comthrillmenowwalkonwatercanyouwalkonwatersoundtracknnHosted at The Square Publika nDance Crew httpwww.facebook.comKatoonNetworkDanceCrewnLive DJ and Sound Effects by httpwww.facebook.comweare2dbnLive DJs httpwww.facebook.comdeersociety              ]  codepre  pI am using C Nuget GoogleAPI for YouTube, I have given API permission and received my key for v3.p  pMy C code isp  precode var      VideoID  DwxnID2q4A  var youtubeService  new YouTubeServicenew BaseClientService.Initializer                              ApiKey  APT.core.Properties.Settings.Default.GoogleKey,                 ApplicationName  this.GetType.ToString                            var t  youtubeService.Videos.Listpartsnippet,idVideoID codepre  pThis throws the exception p  precodeExceptionThrown Google.Apis.Requests.RequestError No filter selected. [400] Errors [     Message[No filter selected.] Location[  parameter] Reason[missingRequiredParameter] Domain[youtube.parameter] ] codepre  pWhat am I doing wrong p
Negative 387 pI have a codep  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltomp.hgt  static void func      char t[30]     sprintft,d dn,ompgetnumthreads,ompgetthreadnum     write1,t,strlent     write1,checkpoint 1n,13     pragma omp barrier      write1,checkpoint 2n,13     pragma omp barrier     write1,checkpoint 3n,13     pragma omp barrier     write1,checkpoint 4n,13   int main      int i pragma omp parallel for     fori0ilt2i             func        codepre  pand the outputp  precode8 1 8 0 checkpoint 1 checkpoint 1 checkpoint 2 checkpoint 2 [here my program blocks]. codepre  pif I change 2 in for to 8, it works. but I want to have 2 in my for loop.p  phow to make my code working without using ompsetnumthreads2 before the loop also it works when I put thisp
Negative 387 pI have to make a script what automatic does a BLAST for me and than fill the database automatic.  Everything goes wel until the script is trying to fill the database. Then I get the following error p  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File Usersrubenoldenkampanacondalibpython3.4sitepackagesspyderlibwidgetsexternalshellsitecustomize.py, line 580, in runfile     execfilefilename, namespace   File Usersrubenoldenkampanacondalibpython3.4sitepackagesspyderlibwidgetsexternalshellsitecustomize.py, line 48, in execfile     execcompileopenfilename, rb.read, filename, exec, namespace   File UsersrubenoldenkampDocumentsPythonBLASTscript.py, line 74, in ltmodulegt     ReadFile   File UsersrubenoldenkampDocumentsPythonBLASTscript.py, line 44, in ReadFile     BLASTforSeqFor   File UsersrubenoldenkampDocumentsPythonBLASTscript.py, line 72, in BLASTfor     fillblasttitellijst, scorelijst, elijst, idenlijst, poslijst, gapslijst   File UsersrubenoldenkampDocumentsPythonBLASTscript.py, line 25, in fillblast     cursor.executeINSERT INTO pg2.blast blastsequentieid,blasttitel, blastscore, blastevalue, blastgaps, blastpositives, blastidentity VALUES s, s, s,s, s,s, si,titellijst[i], scorelijst[i], elijst[i], idenlijst[i], poslijst[i], gapslijst[i] TypeError str object is not callable codepre  pI know something with filling the database is going wrong, but I dont know what and how I can solve it. Can you please help me This is my codep  precodeimport mysql.connector import xlrd from Bio.Blast import NCBIWWW from Bio.Blast import NCBIXML  Deze lijsten vullen met de sequentie header en sequentie uit het xlsx bestand  def fillseqSeqFor2, SeqFor3      titelslijst  SeqFor2     sequentieslijst  SeqFor3      conn  mysql.connector.connecthost  ithurtswhenip.nl, user  pg2, password  pg2, database pg2, port 3307      cursor  conn.cursor      for i in range0,lentitelslijst             cursor.executeINSERT INTO pg2.sequenties sequentiesid,sequentiestitel, sequentiesseq VALUES s,s, si,titelslijst[i], sequentieslijst[i]         print1 record toegevoegd     cursor.commit     cursor.close      conn.close  def fillblasttitellijst, scorelijst, elijst, idenlijst, poslijst, gapslijst      conn  mysql.connector.connecthost  ithurtswhenip.nl, user  pg2, password  pg2, database pg2, port 3307      cursor  conn.cursor      for i in range0,lentitellijst             cursor.executeINSERT INTO pg2.blast blastsequentieid,blasttitel, blastscore, blastevalue, blastgaps, blastpositives, blastidentity VALUES s, s, s,s, s,s, si,titellijst[i], scorelijst[i], elijst[i], idenlijst[i], poslijst[i], gapslijst[i]         print1 record toegevoegd     cursor.commit     cursor.close      conn.close  def ReadFile      sh  xlrd.openworkbookTestBLAST.xlsx.sheetbyindex0      SeqFor  list     SeqFor2  list     SeqFor3  list       for rownum in rangesh.nrows         SeqFor.appendsh.cellrownum, 1.value         SeqFor2.appendsh.cellrownum, 0.value         SeqFor3.appendsh.cellrownum, 1.value      BLASTforSeqFor     fillseqSeqFor2, SeqFor3  def BLASTforSeqFor      sequence  SeqFor      for ForwardSeq in sequence         resultshandle  NCBIWWW.qblastblastx,nr, ForwardSeq, hitlistsize  1         bestand open blastreport.xml, w         bestand.writelines resultshandle.readlines         bestand.close          result  openblastreport.xml, r         blastrecords  NCBIXML.parseresult         blastrecord  nextblastrecords         titellijst, scorelijst, elijst, idenlijst, poslijst, gapslijst  [], [], [], [], [] , []         EVALUETHRESH  1         for alignment in blastrecord.alignments             for hsp in alignment.hsps                 if hsp.expect lt EVALUETHRESH                     titellijst.appendalignment.title                     scorelijst.appendhsp.score                     elijst.appendhsp.expect                     idenlijst.appendhsp.identities                     poslijst.appendhsp.positives                     gapslijst.appendhsp.gaps          fillblasttitellijst, scorelijst, elijst, idenlijst, poslijst, gapslijst  ReadFile BLASTfor fillseq z,x,c,v,b,n  fillblast codepre
Negative 387 pI have a textbox that when the user presses enter, we perform an API call. However during this time I want to update the XAML layout to show a progressbar. However the layout update only takes place after the method has completed meaning that no progress bar is visible while we do the search.p  pWe have overridden the OnKeyDown event to handle the user pressing enter.p  pIs there a way to force a XAML layout update during this methodp  precodeprotected override void OnKeyDownKeyRoutedEventArgs e              if e.Key  Windows.System.VirtualKey.Enter ampamp xamlsearchbox.FocusState  Windows.UI.Xaml.FocusState.Pointer  xamlsearchbox.FocusState  Windows.UI.Xaml.FocusState.Keyboard                      We want to make the progressbar visible here             xamlsearchprogressbar.Visibility  Windows.UI.Xaml.Visibility.Visible                       collapse keyboard             Windows.UI.ViewManagement.InputPane.GetForCurrentView.TryHide               string query  xamlsearchbox.Text             ListltTaskgt tasks  new ListltTaskgt              Long web request             Task t  Task.Run gt APICall.BasicSearchquery             tasks.Addt                          Task.WaitAlltasks.ToArray              mresults  APICall.mbasicsearch             xamlsearchresults.ItemsSource  mresults             xamlsearchresultsgrid.ItemsSource  mresults                                   base.OnKeyDowne         Our layout is updated here, AFTER we have done the search making it pointless to show a loading bar      codepre
Negative 387 pI want to define a element as map as in the XSD file as shown below,p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 standaloneyesgt ltxsschema version1.0 xmlnsxshttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemagt    ltxscomplexType namegadgetgt     ltxssequencegt       ltxselement namemake typexsstring minOccurs0gt     ltxssequencegt   ltxscomplexTypegt    ltxscomplexType namepersongt     ltxssequencegt       ltxselement namegadgetsgt         ltxscomplexTypegt           ltxssequencegt             ltxselement nameentry minOccurs0 maxOccursunboundedgt               ltxscomplexTypegt                 ltxssequencegt                   ltxselement namekey minOccurs0 typexsstringgt                   ltxselement namevalue minOccurs0 typegadgetgt                 ltxssequencegt               ltxscomplexTypegt             ltxselementgt           ltxssequencegt         ltxscomplexTypegt       ltxselementgt       ltxselement namename typexsstring minOccurs0gt     ltxssequencegt   ltxscomplexTypegt ltxsschemagt codepre  pCan anyone provide me the example which shows How can I use this map in a Java classp
Negative 387 pI tried to store the result of target.logElementTree during automation in a variable. Have tried p  precodevar op  target.logElementTree UIALogger.logMessageop codepre  pThe Log result would be null value so I am trying to figure out on how to access that information by storing it during my execution ..p  blockquote   pIN SHORT  I want to store the result of target.logElementTree which is one way of doing it I believe. p blockquote  pThanks for taking your time in going through till the end.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to debug the generated C source code from codeEntityCodeGeneratorcode class, but the test application fails with the next exceptionp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comlA6yZ.png altenter image description herep  pHere I shall provide you the way I generated the codep  precodeclass Generators      internal EntityModelSchemaGenerator Models  get set      internal EntityCodeGenerator Code  get set      internal EntityViewGenerator Views  get set      internal EntityStoreSchemaGenerator Store  get set       const string connectionString  Server  MSSQL2014 Database  test.shop TrustedConnection  True     const string providerInvariantName  System.Data.SqlClient      public Generators              InitializeSettings           private void InitializeSettings              Code  new EntityCodeGeneratorLanguageOption.GenerateCSharpCode         Views  new EntityViewGeneratorLanguageOption.GenerateCSharpCode         Store  new EntityStoreSchemaGeneratorproviderInvariantName, connectionString, ShoppingModelStore         Store.GenerateForeignKeyProperties  true           internal void CreateSsdlFilestring filePath              if filePath  String.Empty             throw new ExceptionCant create the SSDL file, because the given file path is an empty string.          Store.GenerateStoreMetadata         Store.WriteStoreSchemafilePath           internal void CreateCsdlAndMslFilestring csdlFilePath, string mslFilePath              if Store  null             throw new ExceptionCant create the CSDL and MSL files, because the Store object is null.          Models  new EntityModelSchemaGeneratorStore.StoreItemCollection, ShoppingModelConceptual, ShoppingModelConceptualContainer         Models.GenerateMetadata         Models.WriteModelSchemacsdlFilePath         Models.WriteStorageMappingmslFilePath           internal void GenerateCodestring filePath              var result  Code.GenerateCodeCtmpshopping.csdl, filePath, new Version3.0.0.0      codepre  pThe code is generated successfully. Here you can view the generated C code based on Entity Framework metadata files code CSDL, SSDL, MSL codep  pa hrefhttppastebin.comVqW6L9v0 relnofollowhttppastebin.comVqW6L9v0ap  pBut, despite on fact it was built successfully I cant use it in other test application. The exception was mentioned above.p  pIf you want to look the full stack of the given exception, here is full infop  ul liStacktrace a hrefhttppastebin.comfjQaPzcq relnofollowhttppastebin.comfjQaPzcqali lipTargetSite codeVoid nInitSystem.Reflection.RuntimeAssembly ByRef, Boolean, Booleancodep  blockquote   pException type strongSystem.IO.FileLoadExceptionstrong p      pException message strongThe given assembly name or codebase was invalid. Exception from HRESULT 0x80131047strongp blockquoteli ul  pIf you want to ask me, what the aim Im trying to achieve then the answer isp  pIm trying to make dynamical update for the my ORM model, because the database tables on some MSSQL server could be changed.p  pI must look periodically on database updated for rebuilding my backend, which used OData. So OData is fully integrated with Entity Framework ORM model  EDM types  and for some OData operations like codeexpand, filter, topcode etc I need to update my ORM model if the database structure has changed.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to get the search string typed in the inputbox to be used in conjunction with the  wildcard to search for instances of the string within the selected range. p  precodeSub color Dim myRange As Range, value As String, wild As Icon  value  InputBoxSearch String If value  vbNullString Then Exit Sub RangeA1.Select RangeSelection, Selection.EndxlToRight.Select RangeSelection, Selection.EndxlDown.Select For Each myRange In Selection   If myRange.value   amp value amp  Then     myRange.Interior.ColorIndex  3   End If Next myRange End Sub codepre
Negative 387 pusing maven we create a war file and we need to be deployed this war in tomcatapplication server for different environment DEVQAUAT. We need to run the JUNIT test for each of the environment before deploying. we have written nearly 60 junit test which need to passedbr Is is possible to run the junit test for war filebr if yes how to run all junit test sitting inside the war file   p
Negative 387 pIm using a pipe including sort to merge multiple large textfiles and remove dupes.br I dont have root permissions but the box isnt configured in any way to cut non root privileges further down than default debian jessie.br The box has 32GB RAM and 16GB are in use.br Regardless on how I call sort GNU sort 8.13 it fills up all the remaining RAM and crashes with out of memory. br It really fills up all the memory before crashing. I followed the process in top.brI tried to explicitly set the max memory usage with the S parameter ranging from 80 to 10 and from 8G to 500M.br The whole pipe looks similar top  precode    cat   tr cd [print] sort various params tested here T othertmppath  uniq gt ..output.txt codepre  pAlways the same behavior.br Does anyone know what could cause such issue brAnd of course how to solve itp
Negative 387 pThere is already a django project existed on a server machine. Now I want to develop another project in another machine using the models of project on the server machine In brief I want to import the models of a server machine in a project on another machine.p
Negative 387 pI made Event for Grid in WPF C.p  blockquote   pThe strongMouseMovestrong Event.p blockquote  pI want to Trigger strongMouseMovestrong event When mouse Left button is strongPressedstrong and strongKeepstrong the Event even when mouse is Out of Grid Or even out of the strongmain Windowstrong.p  blockquote   pWhen Button is strongPressedstrong strongKeepstrong the strongMousemovestrong event for the Grid strongAll over the screenstrong Until Button is strongReleasdstrong.p blockquote  pconsider this is Mouse move event Method for the Gridp  precode    private void GridMouseMoveobject sender, MouseEventArgs e              if e.LeftButton  MouseButtonState.Pressed  Only When Left button is Pressed.                       Perform operations And Keep it Until mouse Button is Released.               codepre  pThe Goal is to Rotate 3D model When User Hold Left button and to rotate Model while he is moving the mouse until button releases. p  pThis is for To make the Program and Rotation Eeasier for the user. Especialy performing Long rotations cause mouse get out of the grid.p  pI tried to use codewhilecode but it fails and you know its because of single threaded.p  pso the way im thinking is to somehow expand a new Grid all over the screen when button is pressed inside the original Grid and to keep it until release. p  blockquote   pAnd of course Dummy Grid witch is Hidden.p blockquote
Negative 387 pIm starting with jQueryMobile and wanted to display a map using OpenLayers. However Im having a weird issue. Here is the almost working code. Sorry I couldnt make a fiddle, however you can test it easily with copypaste on notepad or whatever.p  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt  ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1gt ltlink relstylesheet hrefhttpcode.jquery.commobile1.4.5jquery.mobile1.4.5.min.cssgt ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquery1.11.3.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.commobile1.4.5jquery.mobile1.4.5.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srchttpwww.openlayers.orgapiOpenLayers.jsgtltscriptgt   ltstyle typetextcssgt   html ,body      margin 0     padding 0     height 100  .uicontent     padding 0   pageone, pageone .uicontent, basicMap     width 100    height 100  ltstylegt ltheadgt ltbodygt   ltdiv datarolepage idpageonegt   ltdiv datarolemain classuicontentgt     ltdiv idbasicMapgtltdivgt   ltdivgt ltdivgt   ltscriptgt       function init  map  new OpenLayers.MapbasicMap,      controls [                new OpenLayers.Control.Navigation,                new OpenLayers.Control.ArgParser,                new OpenLayers.Control.Attribution            ]         var mapnik          new OpenLayers.Layer.OSM var fromProjection  new OpenLayers.ProjectionEPSG4326    Transform from WGS 1984 var toProjection    new OpenLayers.ProjectionEPSG900913  to Spherical Mercator Projection var position        new OpenLayers.LonLat7.55785346031189,50.3625329673905.transform fromProjection, toProjection var zoom            3  map.addLayermapnik map.setCenterposition, zoom   var markers  new OpenLayers.Layer.Markers Markers  map.addLayermarkers  var marker  new OpenLayers.Markerposition  marker.events.registerclick, map , functione alertclick   markers.addMarkermarker      document.onpagecreate,pageone,init  ltscriptgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pThis code doesnt show the map.p  pNow if you take off the following line  p  precodeltscript srchttpcode.jquery.commobile1.4.5jquery.mobile1.4.5.min.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  pYou can see that the map is showing.p  pAny idea on how can I solve this  because I think it can be solved easily but cant see how.p  pThank you.p
Negative 387 pI want to check if shutdown is available to the current user in javascript, not shell command.      I have try this command in shellp  precode dbussend session typemethodcall printreply destorg.gnome.SessionManager orggnomeSessionManager org.gnome.SessionManager.CanShutdown codepre  pI got the return messageboolen truep  pIn gnomes documentaion, I can see this line CanShutdown out b isavailable, but I dont know how to use outsignatue in js.p  pCan anyone tell me how to do Or some other documentions. THANK YOUp
Negative 387 pIm using Jquery to get a list of elements having a class x.p  phtmlp  precodeltp classxgtSome contentltpgt ltp classxgtSome content2ltpgt codepre  pIf we use Jquery to get both these html elements and do something with it we use something likep  p.x.textchanged textp  pThis will change the text of both the paragraphs. From .x  How can we add a array  subscript notation like we can do with getElementsByclassName as followsp  pdocument.getElementsByClassNamex[0].innerHTMLp  pI tried this .x[0].textasasa it doesnt work gives a typeerror in javascript console. I also tried get API here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netprobosckiejnz825mp relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netprobosckiejnz825mpa  and it doesnt workp  pstrongthe error is Uncaught TypeError ....get....text is not a function None of the solutions below WORKstrongp
Negative 387 pWe are upgrading our MS CRM from 2011 to 2013. Since 2011 did not had business rules facility we had used javascript to develop most of the functionalities. Now we want to replace those javascripts with business rules. Which functionalities should we bring in business rules from javascriptp
Negative 387 pI want to extract some alphanumeric values in a sentence.The values will be after or before some given text pattern. I have already tries regexner tool of stanford nlp.But i want to do it using some other tool like tokenregex of parse. situation.To enter the building code is 123A.The access code is 456.There are many sentences like these two .I want to extract the code values from sentences like this.p
Negative 387 pI need persistent connections for http 1.1 calls to a particular server. The keepalive header is set properly in my requests.p  precodeConnection KeepAlive codepre  pI am using codeorg.apache.http.impl.nio.pool.BasicNIOConnPoolcode, but for every http call a new connection is made. Is there an implementation or suggested change that I can incorporatep
Negative 387 pIm facing an issue with TFS2012 where I have a gated check setup. Sometimes not always users are having files checked out by the build service not a concrete type of files with operations like add, delete and edit.p  pMy first clue was something with the gated check in but accordingly to the information reconciles are being done, but the problem is that so far I cant trigger the issue, it just happens sometimes.p  pI noticed that the build agent is doing the check outs, since if I go to the agent working folder I can find the files that have been checked out. It seems that the agent is reverting a change made by a user, but I still didnt fully understand it.p  pDo you have any idea what on the TFS could be causing this behavior, at least to give me some pointers on where to look for the issue.p
Negative 387 pI run the MediaPlayer in background. In a mediaplayer service class i have created a ongoing notification with codestartForegroundNOTIFICATIONID, mNotification.buildcodep  pNow when the phone is locked and the screen is off and the track ends, the next track is not going to play immediately it takes some time. So i listen on onCompletion to playing the next track. When i turn on the screen the next track is playing immediately, to anyone know what is wrongp  pI also have set codesetWakeModegetApplicationContext, PowerManager.PARTIALWAKELOCKcodep
Negative 387 pBelow is the code for reference. Value for variable imgpath is changed on load. I need to assign this new value for background image of class icon1.  I know this can be done using JavaScriptjQuery, but I need some way to do update this value in CSS itself. Can it be possible using SassLess or any other wayp  precodelthtmlgt  ltheadgt     ltstylegt     .icon1          background transparent urlimagepath1icon1.png norepeat center center     ltstylegt ltheadgt  ltbodygt     lta classicon1gtltagt     ltscriptgt     var imgpath  imagepath1     if setnewpath         imgpath  imagepath2     ltscriptgt ltbodygt  lthtmlgt codepre  pThank you for any helpp
Negative 387 pstrongScenariostrongbr Im building software across two different machines.br One of these machines has a fully compliant C11 version of codegcode.br The other does not.  p  pstrongMachine 1 Linuxstrong  p  precode g version g Ubuntu 5.1.00ubuntu1114.04.1 5.1.0 Copyright C 2015 Free Software Foundation, Inc. This is free software see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO warranty not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.   codepre  pstrongMachine 2 Windows with Cygwinstrong  p  precode g version g GCC 4.9.2 Copyright C 2014 Free Software Foundation, Inc. This is free software see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO warranty not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.   codepre  pThe C software Im building across these two machines supports all the way back to C98.  p  pHowever, newer features of C will be used if they are available.br The software in question, is a hrefhttpsgithub.comphilsquaredCatch relnofollowC Catcha for unit testing.  p  pstrongProblemstrongbr I have a generic makefile that will build this software.  On codeCygwincode it builds the software successfully.  On codeLinuxcode, with the newer compiler, it fails to build, because I assume it detects the version of the compiler and attempts to use more modern C features.  p  pHere is a dump of the errors for glancing purposes.  Mostly just codenullptrtcode related.  Maybe something to do with newer rules on template deductionnot entirely sure    p  precodecatch.hpp83317 error nullptrt in namespace std does not name a type      inline stdnullptrt opCaststdnullptrt  return nullptr                    catch.hpp95458 error templateltCatchInternalOperator Op, class Tgt bool CatchInternalcompare conflicts with a previous declaration      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare stdnullptrt, T rhs                                                              catch.hpp94844 note previous declaration namespace CatchInternal  compare      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare T lhs, int rhs                                                catch.hpp95453 error nullptrt is not a member of std      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare stdnullptrt, T rhs                                                         catch.hpp95470 error expected primaryexpression before  token      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare stdnullptrt, T rhs                                                                          catch.hpp95472 error rhs was not declared in this scope      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare stdnullptrt, T rhs                                                                            catch.hpp95476 error expression list treated as compound expression in initializer [fpermissive]      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare stdnullptrt, T rhs                                                                                catch.hpp95444 warning variable templates only available with stdc14 or stdgnu14      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare stdnullptrt, T rhs                                                catch.hpp95478 error expected  before  token      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare stdnullptrt, T rhs                                                                                  catch.hpp95766 error stdnullptrt has not been declared      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare T lhs, stdnullptrt                                                                      catch.hpp95744 error redefinition of templateltCatchInternalOperator Op, class Tgt bool CatchInternalcompareT, int      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare T lhs, stdnullptrt                                                catch.hpp94844 note templateltCatchInternalOperator Op, class Tgt bool CatchInternalcompareT, int previously declared here      templateltOperator Op, typename Tgt bool compare T lhs, int rhs                                                In file included from main.cpp20 catch.hpp108838 error stdstring CatchtoString redeclared as different kind of symbol  stdstring toString stdnullptrt                                         catch.hpp108513 note previous declaration stdstring CatchtoStringunsigned char  stdstring toString unsigned char value                catch.hpp108823 error nullptrt is not a member of std  stdstring toString stdnullptrt                          In file included from main.cpp20 catch.hpp733638 error stdstring CatchtoString redeclared as different kind of symbol  stdstring toString stdnullptrt                                          In file included from main.cpp20 catch.hpp123213 note previous declaration templateltclass T, class Allocatorgt stdstring CatchtoStringconst stdvectorltTp, Allocgtamp  stdstring toString stdvectorltT,Allocatorgt constamp v                 In file included from main.cpp20 catch.hpp733623 error nullptrt is not a member of std  stdstring toString stdnullptrt   codepre  pThis can be easily fixed on the codeLinuxcode machine by ensuring that codegcode gets compiled with the codestdc11code flag.  However, I dont want two separate makefiles across the two machines.   I cant add the codestdc11code flag to both builds, because version code4.9code doesnt have that flag yet.  p  pstrongQuestionstrongbr How can I enable crosscompilation using the same command on different versions of codegcode The code builds differently based on the versions of codegcode  in which case, sometimes the codestdcode flag needs to be passed.p  pstrongAdditionalstrongbr Ive tried giving codegcode the flag codestdc98code for both builds, but it still fails on the codeLinuxcode build.  The goal here is to use the same kind of command across both machines.  p
Negative 387 pLooks like I cannot pass a nocapture lambda as a template parameter to a templated by functionpointer function. Am I doing it the wrong way, or is it impossiblep  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt   Function templated by function pointer templatelt voidFint gt void fun int i       Fi   void f1 int i       stdcout ltlt i ltlt stdendl   int main      voidf2 int   [] int i   stdcout ltlt i ltlt stdendl       funltf1gt 42   THIS WORKS     f2 42        THIS WORKS     funltf2gt 42   THIS DOES NOT WORK COMPILETIME ERROR       return 0  codepre
Negative 387 pI am newbie to gwt and ant. Earlier I was working with mavenspring playFrameworksbt.p  pI would like to add some external jars to my gwt project likep  ul ligwt3bootstrapli lihibernateli limysql connector etc.li ul  pIve added jars to my codelibcode folder in project   gwtbootstrap30.9.1.jar   gwtbootstrap3extras0.9.1.jarp  pBut I am getting an error on consolep  precodeRuning CodeServer with parameters [noprecompile, port, 42543, sourceLevel, 1.7, bindAddress, 127.0.0.1, launcherDir, homedanieloeclipseGwtStockWatcherwar, logLevel, INFO, com.google.gwt.sample.stockwatcher.StockWatcher] Super Dev Mode starting up    workDir tmpgwtcodeserver6966154251496651044.tmp    Loading inherited module com.google.gwt.sample.stockwatcher.StockWatcher       Loading inherited module com.github.gwtbootstrap.Bootstrap          [ERROR] Unable to find comgithubgwtbootstrapBootstrap.gwt.xml on your classpath could be a typo, or maybe you forgot to include a classpath entry for source Loading modules    com.google.gwt.sample.stockwatcher.StockWatcher       Loading inherited module com.google.gwt.sample.stockwatcher.StockWatcher          Loading inherited module com.github.gwtbootstrap.Bootstrap             [ERROR] Unable to find comgithubgwtbootstrapBootstrap.gwt.xml on your classpath could be a typo, or maybe you forgot to include a classpath entry for source [ERROR] shell failed in doStartup method codepre  pMyProject.gwt.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltDOCTYPE module PUBLIC Google Inc.DTD Google Web Toolkit 1.6.2EN httpgooglewebtoolkit.googlecode.comsvntags1.6.2distrosourcecoresrcgwtmodule.dtdgt ltmodule renametostockwatchergt     lt Inherit the core Web Toolkit stuff. gt     ltinherits namecom.google.gwt.user.User gt      lt Inherit the default GWT style sheet. You can change gt     lt the theme of your GWT application by uncommenting gt     lt any one of the following lines. gt     ltinherits namecom.google.gwt.user.theme.standard.Standard gt     ltinherits namecom.github.gwtbootstrap.Bootstrap gt     lt ltinherits namecom.google.gwt.user.theme.chrome.Chromegt gt     lt ltinherits namecom.google.gwt.user.theme.dark.Darkgt gt      lt Other module inherits gt      lt Specify the app entry point class. gt     ltentrypoint classcom.google.gwt.sample.stockwatcher.client.StockWatcher gt ltmodulegt codepre  pbuild.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8 gt ltproject nameStockWatcher defaultbuild basedir.gt     lt Configure path to GWT SDK gt     ltproperty namegwt.sdk locationpathtogwt.sdk gt      ltpath idproject.class.pathgt         ltpathelement locationwarWEBINFclasses gt         ltpathelement locationgwt.sdkgwtuser.jar gt         ltfileset dirgwt.sdk includesgwtdev.jar gt         lt Add any additional nonserver libs such as JUnit gt         ltfileset dirwarWEBINFlib includes.jar gt     ltpathgt      lttarget namelibs descriptionCopy libs to WEBINFlibgt         ltmkdir dirwarWEBINFlib gt         ltcopy todirwarWEBINFlib filegwt.sdkgwtservlet.jar gt         lt Add any additional server libs that need to be copied gt     lttargetgt      lttarget namejavac dependslibs descriptionCompile java sourcegt         ltmkdir dirwarWEBINFclasses gt         ltjavac srcdirsrc includes encodingutf8 destdirwarWEBINFclasses source1.5 target1.5 nowarntrue debugtrue debuglevellines,vars,sourcegt             ltclasspath refidproject.class.path gt         ltjavacgt         ltcopy todirwarWEBINFclassesgt             ltfileset dirsrc excludes.java gt         ltcopygt     lttargetgt      lttarget namegwtc dependsjavac descriptionGWT compile to JavaScriptgt         ltjava failonerrortrue forktrue classnamecom.google.gwt.dev.Compilergt             ltclasspathgt                 ltpathelement locationsrc gt                 ltpath refidproject.class.path gt             ltclasspathgt             lt add jvmarg Xss16M or similar if you see a StackOverflowError gt             ltjvmarg valueXmx256M gt             lt Additional arguments like style PRETTY or logLevel DEBUG gt             ltarg valuecom.google.gwt.sample.stockwatcher.StockWatcher gt         ltjavagt     lttargetgt      lttarget namedevmode dependsjavac descriptionRun development modegt         ltjava failonerrortrue forktrue classnamecom.google.gwt.dev.DevModegt             ltclasspathgt                 ltpathelement locationsrc gt                 ltpath refidproject.class.path gt             ltclasspathgt             ltjvmarg valueXmx256M gt             ltarg valuestartupUrl gt             ltarg valueStockWatcher.html gt             lt Additional arguments like style PRETTY or logLevel DEBUG gt             ltarg valuecom.google.gwt.sample.stockwatcher.StockWatcher gt         ltjavagt     lttargetgt      lttarget namejavac.tests dependsjavac descriptionCompiles test codegt         ltjavac srcdirtest includes encodingutf8 source1.5 target1.5 nowarntrue debugtrue debuglevellines,vars,sourcegt             ltclasspath locationpathtothejunitjar gt             ltclasspath refidproject.class.path gt         ltjavacgt     lttargetgt      lttarget nametest.dev dependsjavac.tests descriptionRun development mode testsgt         ltmkdir dirreportshtmlunit.dev gt         ltjunit forkyes printsummaryyes haltonfailureyesgt             ltjvmarg lineXmx256m gt             ltsysproperty keygwt.args valuelogLevel WARN gt             ltsysproperty keyjava.awt.headless valuetrue gt             ltclasspathgt                 ltpathelement locationsrc gt                 ltpathelement locationtest gt                 ltpath refidproject.class.path gt                 ltpathelement locationpathtothejunitjar gt             ltclasspathgt             ltbatchtest todirreportshtmlunit.devgt                 ltfileset dirtestgt                     ltinclude nameTest.java gt                 ltfilesetgt             ltbatchtestgt             ltformatter typeplain gt             ltformatter typexml gt         ltjunitgt     lttargetgt      lttarget nametest.prod dependsjavac.tests descriptionRun production mode testsgt         ltmkdir dirreportshtmlunit.prod gt         ltjunit forkyes printsummaryyes haltonfailureyesgt             ltjvmarg lineXmx256m gt             ltsysproperty keygwt.args valueprod logLevel WARN out wwwtest gt             ltsysproperty keyjava.awt.headless valuetrue gt             ltclasspathgt                 ltpathelement locationsrc gt                 ltpathelement locationtest gt                 ltpath refidproject.class.path gt                 ltpathelement locationpathtothejunitjar gt             ltclasspathgt             ltbatchtest todirreportshtmlunit.prodgt                 ltfileset dirtestgt                     ltinclude nameTest.java gt                 ltfilesetgt             ltbatchtestgt             ltformatter typeplain gt             ltformatter typexml gt         ltjunitgt     lttargetgt      lttarget nametest descriptionRun development and production mode testsgt         ltantcall targettest.dev gt         ltantcall targettest.prod gt     lttargetgt      lttarget namehosted dependsdevmode descriptionRun development mode NOTE the hosted target is deprecated gt      lttarget namebuild dependsgwtc descriptionBuild this project gt      lttarget namewar dependsbuild descriptionCreate a war filegt         ltzip destfileStockWatcher.war basedirwar gt     lttargetgt      lttarget nameclean descriptionCleans this projectgt         ltdelete dirwarWEBINFclasses failonerrorfalse gt         ltdelete dirwarstockwatcher failonerrorfalse gt     lttargetgt  ltprojectgt codepre  pIve also tried to add this jars using in eclipse RMB on project  Properties  Java Build Path  Libraries tab   Add External JARsp  pBut it dosnt helped me.p  pPlease give me some help.p  pI have search many forum posts with the same issue, but couldnt resolve it on my own.p
Negative 387 pI use this codep  precodevar textView  UITextViewx 10, y 10, width CardWidth  20, height placeholderHeight This is my custom initializer textView.text  dsfadsaf www.google.com textView.selectable  true textView.dataDetectorTypes  UIDataDetectorTypes.Link textView.delegate  self addSubviewtextView codepre  pThe problem is the link needs long tap gesture to open. I want it to open with a single tap, just like in the Facebook app.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to update score using Google Leaderboards, for using Leaderboards I have to use Google SignIn API, my code is copied from a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.com relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.coma and i have followed all the steps, created sha1 usingp  precodekeytool exportcert  alias androiddebugkey  keystore ltpathtodebugkeystoregt list v codepre  pand put the APP ID in manifest file usingp  precodeltmetadata androidnamecom.google.android.gms.appstate.APPID androidvaluestringappid gt ltmetadata androidnamecom.google.android.gms.games.APPID androidvaluestringappid gt codepre  pbut still unable to Sign In, its been a month I am trying different approaches, but unable to pin point the exact problem, thats why I need your help.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIRkve.png altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pfirst of all  sorry for perhaps stupid questions but Im beginner in RoR world and I need some basic clarity on how database transactions work within models  controllers. I come from Java world where certain things are done in certain way and when working with RoR I naturally compare it to Java web frameworks hence my confusion if something looks radically different p  pIn one of my controller actions, I need to modify and save multiple of models, lets say Order, Invoice, Payment.p  pFrom what I understand, standard save method on each model executes in its own transaction therefore if I would simply writep  precodepayment.save order.save invoice.save codepre  pthis would create 3 independent DB transactions and each model would be saved in its own transactions  which is not what I want since Id like to make sure that either all or none of these models are saved.p  pI found this article a hrefhttpmarkdaggett.comblog20111201transactionsinrails relnofollowhttpmarkdaggett.comblog20111201transactionsinrailsa which demonstrates how to wrap multiple saves into single transaction. Its fairly old but I hope it is still valid correct me if Im wrong.p  pOne thing that I dont like is that I need to manage these transactions explicitly in each controller action where I need it. I would prefer this to happen behind the scenes like open session in view pattern known from Java world where DB transaction is started in a filter before any DB query is executed and transaction is committed in a filter after all controller actions have finished. p  pI was thinking about using similar approach in my RoR application, I found blog post demonstrating how to do it a hrefhttpblog.endpoint.com201110railscontrollersandtransactions.html relnofollowhttpblog.endpoint.com201110railscontrollersandtransactions.htmla however Im not sure whether this is best practice since the other article a hrefhttpmarkdaggett.comblog20111201transactionsinrails relnofollowhttpmarkdaggett.comblog20111201transactionsinrailsa says that Use of transactions in a controller is common antipattern to avoid not sure why though.p  pWould someone be able to direct me into right approachp  pthank you,p  pMichalp
Negative 387 pI have a data file which has 5 columns and I need to plot histogram for only one column column 2. The first column of the data file is sl.no. So, when I typep  precodeset style data histogram set style fill solid border plot file1.txt u 2xtic codepre  pI get x axis with sl. no. Thats not how it should be, right p  pIn the xaxis the 2nd column data should be there and in yaxis the frequency. Whats wrong Or am I not getting itp
Negative 387 pI have a string from server, and when i try to convert it to codeNSDictionarycode  i get codenilcode. When i try to write same codeNSStringcode by myself  its okp  pI get from server encoded string, then i use AES256DecryptWithKey from NSStringAESCrypt.h to decrypt, and get NSString, this string i convert to NSData and then try to get NSDictionary p  precodeNSString str  errorpassword[Error wrong] string written by myself  NSData jsonData  [str dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]     NSDictionary json  [NSJSONSerialization JSONObjectWithDatajsonData                                                          optionskNilOptions                                                            erroramperror] codepre  pThis code work, but then i get this string from server  notp  pNSData log message from server  lt7b226572 726f7222 3a7b2270 61737377 6f726422 3a5b22d0 9dd0b5d0 bfd180d0 b0d0b2d0 b8d0bbd1 8cd0bdd1 8bd0b920 656d6169 6c20d0b8 d0bbd0b8 20d0bfd0 b0d180d0 bed0bbd1 8c225d7d 7d000000p  pNSData log my string  lt7b226572 726f7222 3a7b2270 61737377 6f726422 3a5b22d0 9dd0b5d0 bfd180d0 b0d0b2d0 b8d0bbd1 8cd0bdd1 8bd0b920 656d6169 6c20d0b8 d0bbd0b8 20d0bfd0 b0d180d0 bed0bbd1 8c225d7d 7dp  pIf i NSLog string from server, it  errorpassword[Error wrong] , string without p  pThen i po amperror.localizedDescription   error address of property expression requested error 1 errors parsing expressionp  pThen i po error.localizedDescription  Printing description of error Error DomainNSCocoaErrorDomain Code3840 The operation couldnt be completed. Cocoa error 3840. Garbage at end. UserInfo0x7f9940497550 NSDebugDescriptionGarbage at end.p  pWhat it can bep
Negative 387 pIve got a record in my database codew3d5codep  pWhen I retrieve that record to java string it comes as is codew3d5codep  pHowever when I am assigning that java string to JavaScript variable it looks as follows codew3d5code emi.e without back slashesem p  pSo if I save it to the database as codew3d5code p  ul liJava String will be codew3d5codeli liJava String assigned to JavaScript variable will be codew3d5codeli ul  pTo summarize the above  I need a regular expression to function on both client and server, the only solution I see is to save a regular expression as codew3d5code and get read of extra back slashes on java side. p  pWhy does JavaScript looses the back slashes Whats the best way to go around this p
Negative 387 pI want to download ssl certificate in my linux server for which I am using this command p  precodeecho n  openssl sclient connect HOSTPORTNUMBER  sed ne BEGIN CERTIFICATE,END CERTIFICATEp gt tmpSERVERNAME.cert codepre  pI need help in using strongsudostrong for the above command, I tried adding strongsudostrong  at the start but its failing with permission denied, need help with using strongsudostrong when using strongsedstrong in command.p
Negative 387 pI put two Tabler together where EkstraPoint are the points as you can to the side while EkstraPointHenvisning keeps track of where along the site to make her points.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAmFoz.png altenter image description herep  pIt must be said that FkekstraPoint go to the id into the EkstraPointp  pHow it looks when I just print information on the page. as I need for it to work is that it also retrieves information from EkstraPoint that I see in the drop down the points you have.p  precodeRepeaterPointOmrader.DataSource  db.EkstraPointHenvisnings.ToList RepeaterPointOmrader.DataBind codepre  pI must retrieve information from EkstraPoint on how many points how many points someone has from the id which has been in FkekstraPointp  precodeltaspRepeater IDRepeaterPointOmrader runatservergt ltItemTemplategt     ltdiv classformgroupgt         ltlabel classcolsm3 controllabel forexampleinputsmallgtlt EvalOmrade gtltlabelgt         ltdiv classcolsm6gt             lt I must retrieve information from EkstraPoint on how many points how many points someone has from the id which has been in FkekstraPoint gt             ltaspDropDownList IDDropDownListPoint CssClassformcontrol inputsm runatservergtltaspDropDownListgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv styleclearboth marginbottom3pxgtltdivgt ltItemTemplategt codepre  pp  pthe problem is how I value into the drop down which I must have shown it really content forward.p
Negative 387 pIm using Mockito 1.9.5, Maven 3.2.3, and JUnit 4.11.  I have the following set up in a JUnit test ...p  precode    final SetltAccountgt accounts  new HashSetltAccountgt     final Account acct1  new Account     acct1.setIdid1     accounts.addacct1          Mockito.doReturnacctTeamMemberMap.whenmaccountTeamMemberDao.getManagersaccounts codepre  pThe problem is the Account objects Im creating in my JUnit test are not the same objects that are actually being passed in as parameters when I execute the method call.  My question is, how do I tell Mockito to return the results when the ID fields of the various objects match the IDs I have in my JUnit test  In other words, if the above Account objects have ids id1 and id2, I would want Mockito to return the results always if the actual parameters also have ids id1 and id2.p  pThanks,  Davep
Negative 387 pI was not able to find any topics related to my inquiry, so here goes...p  pId like to know how i can parse a webpage that displays a very long list or a big tabular data such as a list of results from a searching directories like yelp. etc. then save the extracted data into a .csv or .txt file. I was thinking like targeting specific html tags i.e if enclosed in li in lists or tdtr in tables then copy it, but the tags can be different as different websites have different methods of displaying info..p  pId appreciate if anyone in this community can point me to a right direction, like a known software or code that can do such tasks.p  pThanks.p
Negative 387 pI have a project with the following structurep  precodepublichtml  Mysite  Mysite files codepre  pThe following url is a sample of a user requestp  precodewww.mydomain.commysitecategory.phpid15 codepre  pI changed the .htaccess to make the URLs more friendly, the .htaccess content isp  precode ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt      Options FollowSymLinks      RewriteEngine on      RewriteBase mysite      RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d      RewriteRule category[09] category.phpid1 [L,QSA]   ltIfModulegt codepre  pAll is well except that when the user enter the new URL like thisp  precodewww.mydomain.commysitecategory15 codepre  pthe site is loaded but css and js files url are broken, and every url in the page is written as the following.p  precodewww.mydomain.commysitecategory.php  codepre  pnote that every url has unneeded token which is strongcategorystrongp  pHow can i solve this problem Regardsp
Negative 387 pretitled this from Testing for a nonempty query in a GET request, since that ended up not really being the important part of my question by the time I was done writing it.p  pIm helping a genealogist friend with a simple DB search script.  Its fine if users leave all but one input field blank.  Id like to distinguish between 3 casesp  ul liol lisomeone browsing to the URL with no query parametersli olli liol start2 liform submission with all fields emptyli olli liol start3 liform submission with at least one field nonemptyli olli ul  pI can probably treat 1 and 2 the same way this doesnt need to be fancy.p  pThe code previously had an codeif issetPOST[submit]code, and apparently used to work.  I want to use a codeGETcode query, so people can bookmark searches.  I first assumed I could just test codeGET[submit]code, but it is never set.  For a codeGETcode query, I assume I would need a hidden text field called codesubmitcode in the form to produce a codesubmitcode in the query URL  Cluttering the URL further isnt what I want, so I guess Ill discard this idea.p  pGoogle found a LOT of hits for codeissetGET[submit]code, on forums and so on.  Usually other bad code in the question caught peoples attention, so I never found any discussion of actually using that construct with codeGETcode queries.  So as a sidetrack to the main question, Im a curious about how codeissetGET[submit]code became semicommon.  Is that usually just from naive people like me changing codePOSTcode to codeGETcodep  pSince Im new to PHP, Id really appreciate it if anyone could point out any other problems in this snippet of the search script.  Im pretty sure its wide open to SQL injection, so I need to take the output of an escape function to sanitize them.  Is it common to also check the length of input strings, too  The form that submits queries to this script has length limits.p  pI know SO doesnt welcome codereview questions, so feel free to ignore this part of my question I guess.p  pmsearchresultlist.phpbr receives queries like code...phpSurnameCordesampMaidenNameampGivenNameampObitcode  from the form included at the end of this code block. It prints out a table of matches.br One entry in each row is a hyperlink to a details page for that obituary.p  precodeltPHP ... check that user is logged in to members area ...  if someconditiondiscussedabove      ... open the DB, with hardcoded usernamepassword  ...      GivenName  GET[GivenName]     if GivenName           GivenName        Surname  GET[Surname]     if Surname           Surname        MaidenName  GET[MaidenName]     if MaidenName           MaidenName        Obit  GET[Obit]      result  mysqlquery SELECT  FROM obits     WHERE GivenName LIKE GivenName     AND MaidenName LIKE MaidenName     AND Surname LIKE Surname     AND Obit LIKE Obit     ORDER BY Surname ASC, GivenName ASC  else      noquery  true  gt   ltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langengt ... some stuff on the page   ltphp  if noquery      print ltpgtNo query found.ltpgt  else       print lttable width600 cellpadding10pxgt      ifrow  mysqlfetcharrayresult      do       print lttrgt         print lttdgt.row[Surname].lttdgt         print lttdgt.row[MaidenName].lttdgt             print lttdgt . lta hrefmsearchresultform.phpID.row[ID].gt.row[GivenName].ltagt. lttdgt          print lttdgt.row[DOD].lttdgt         printlttrgt      whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayresult    the form, on another page ltform actionmsearchresultlist.php methodGETgt  When searching for a name with an apostrophe, such as ONeil, use a double apostrophe, ie. ONeil, not a quote but a double apostrophe. ltbrgt ltbrgt  Search for ltpgtLast Name ltinput typetext nameSurname size15 maxlength15gt ltpgtMaiden Name ltinput typetext nameMaidenName size15 maxlength15gt ltpgtGiven Name ltinput typetext nameGivenName size15 maxlength15gt ltpgtUse  in front of each word in the Obit field, ie Bridgewater Joudrey ltpgtObit ltinput typetext nameObit size50 maxlength50gt ltpgt ltinput typesubmitgt codepre  pIm aware that a search could dump the entire database by searching on a single wildcard, or something.I think this is my friends desired result, but I dont want it to happen by accident.  i.e. only if the user explicitly searches on a wildcard, not just submits an empty form.  This advancedsearch script is only available to authenticated users.  Theres a surnamesonly version thats public at a hrefhttpnsobits.caobitsearch.php relnofollownsobits.caap  pAnyway, in case it wasnt clear what Im asking Is there something clever I can do to check that something was filled out in the form  Like some syntax that checks for codeGETcode having a nonzerolength value for at least one of its keys  Or should I just do codeif GivenName  Surname  ...codep
Negative 387 pIve been playing around with logstash and wanting to know how to exactly configure email alerting correctly.p  pIm looking to pick up the string BVDCSLAP and send a mail onto that address given.p  pThe config I have isp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeinput    udp      port gt 5000     type gt syslog     filter    if [type]  syslog      grok        match gt  message gt SYSLOGTIMESTAMPsyslogtimestamp SYSLOGHOSTsysloghostname DATAsyslogprogram[POSINTsyslogpid] GREEDYDATAsyslogmessage        addfield gt [ receivedat, timestamp ]       addfield gt [ receivedfrom, host ]          syslogpri       date        match gt [ syslogtimestamp, MMM  d HHmmss, MMM dd HHmmss ]          output    elasticsearch  host gt localhost    stdout  codec gt rubydebug     email      from gt mymaildomain     match gt                  BVDCSLAP, message,BVDCSLAP,                BVDCSLAP, message,BVDCSLAP                    subject gt matchName     to gt mymaildomain     via gt smtp     body gt Here is the event line that occured message     htmlbody gt lth2gtmatchNamelth2gtltbrgtltbrgtlth3gtFull Eventlth3gtltbrgtltbrgtltdiv aligncentergtmessageltdivgt    codepre div div p  pEmails are not being sent and in my logstash.conf Im seeing the below on line 27p  ptimestamp20150707T125550.5970000100, messageError Expected one of , input, filter, output at line 27, column 8 byte 649 after p  pIm curious as well to know if my original grok coding is correct and also if we could work out how to set a tag for a syslog message and use that as the email outputp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pAfter doing some tuts of the Kendo UI framework, Im having problems using one of their widgets. Ive only a basic understanding of the framework and this is even my first question ever in StackOverflow so... please spare me from advanced answers if possible.p  pSo, heres the thingp  pI want to use the Scheduler widget to make a timeline month view with data from a JSON file. The data in JSON format Im planning to use comes from a SQL Server database that is called on the clientside by an Ajax call that connects to a web service. Samplep  precodeParams.type  GET Params.url  LoremIpsumYeahDomainService.svcJSONGetPeople Params.dataType  json codepre  pTo know if the web service is working fine, I tried to retrieve information from the database into a Kendo DropDownList and everything went okay. I did this scriptp  precodevar getPeople getPeople  data.GetPeopleResult.RootResults var listPeople  [] getPeople.forEachfunctionperson    var newelement   Name person.Name, value i, color 808080     listPeople.pushnewelement  codepre  pAfter doing that script, I used the following scriptp  precodedropdownlist.kendoDropDownList   dataTextField Name,   dataValueField value,   dataSource new kendo.data.DataSource   listPeople    codepre  pAs planned, I got all the data I wanted to see in the browser.p  pTherefore, now I want to produce script for the Kendo Scheduler with a timeline month view like a hrefhttpdemos.telerik.comkendouischedulertimeline relnofollowthisa one without the Meeting Rooms section and I want the names of the persons that are called from the database.p  pJust like with the DropDownList, it doesnt matter if I have 30 or 300 person names. The persons on the Scheduler cant be static because the database will be updated often. In a nutshell, the names of the persons that are shown in the Scheduler must be provided dynamically from the database.p  pI already used multiple scripts from the Kendo UI Scheduler documentation as all my scripts for the widgets are based on their examples but until now, nothing worked out.p  pBased on the example provided in the Kendo UI documentation for the timeline month view, Ive some of their scripts adapted such asp  precodedataSource     batch true    transport        read           url httplocalhost50379LoremImpsumYeahDomainService.svcjsonGetPeople,          dataType json  group     resources [People],    orientation vertical codepre  pAlso in relation to the Scheduler script, based on the example provided on the Telerik website I did a script that would get the persons names from the database. Here it isp  precodevar result  [] result[0]   text getPeople[0], value 1, color green   fori1 iltgetPeople.length i    resultado[i]  ,  text getPeople[i]value i1, color green    ii1  codepre  pWith that script in mind, my idea was to call that array on the resources section of the Scheduler widget as something like thisp  precoderesources [           field people,       name People,       dataSource [ data getPeople         ] ] codepre  pAny ideas or thoughtsp  pP.S.p  pI also created some script based on Kendo documentation using Kendo UI Dojo and you can see see exactly the type of view I need a hrefhttprunner.telerik.iofullscreensamureiraUYElu21 relnofollowtherea.p
Negative 387 pI am using Camelsmpp component for sending SMS, But when I fetch CamelSmppId after sending the SMS, I could see multiple ids. I think the Camelsmpp is splitting the short message. I am trying to send the message as Payload but I couldnt find any Spring DSL configuration.p  pI am using camelsmpp 2.12.0.redhat61037 versionp  pIs there any configuration available for stopping the split.p  pRegards, Bharani Ravi Kanth R p
Negative 387 pI need to show number of items in a row. Each item would have two texts that need to be in the top middle of the item, an image in middle of the item and another one at the right bottom of the item.  Height of all items must be fixed and images should not overflow their border in any screen size.p  pI have following code, and the main issue is that I cannot keep the second images at the right bottom of their respective items.p  h2a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netjackmoore6y4uf16y1 relnofollowDEMOah2  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecode         .items   position relative marginbottom 7px marginleft 7px marginright 0px textalign left backgroundcolor ffeecc bordertopleftradius 20px bordertoprightradius 20px borderbottomleftradius 20px paddingleft 1 height260px      .colmd12.colxs12.btngtagtimg  float right width 100px height 50px   .colmd12.colxs12.mycol  paddingleft 100   .myrow  bottom 0 paddingright 0 position absolute   .myrow  bottom 0 paddingright 0 position absolute   .btn  float right codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langengt  ltheadgt   ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1gt    ltlink relstylesheet hrefhttpsmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.combootstrap3.3.4cssbootstrap.min.cssgt   ltlink relstylesheet hrefhttpsmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.combootstrap3.3.4cssbootstraptheme.min.cssgt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefhttpmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.comfontawesome4.3.0cssfontawesome.min.cssgt   ltlink relstylesheet hrefhttpscdnjs.cloudflare.comajaxlibsbootstrapsocial4.2.1bootstrapsocial.cssgt  ltheadgt   ltbodygt  ltdiv classcontainerfluidgt ltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcolmd3 itemsgt ltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcolmd12 textcentergt lth4gtT1lth4gt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcolmd12 textcentergt lth5gtT2lth5gt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcolmd12 row textcentergt lta hrefhttpsencryptedtbn1.gstatic.comimagesqtbnANd9GcQKWYNnGt8d9G1sf8PE0TpOglpZ2dKnHWAP5FBspYgelcToong titleT1 datagallery relnofollowgt ltimg idimageresource srchttpsencryptedtbn1.gstatic.comimagesqtbnANd9GcQKWYNnGt8d9G1sf8PE0TpOglpZ2dKnHWAP5FBspYgelcToong classimgthumbnail width30 stylemarginleft 30px gt ltagt  ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcolmd12 colxs12 mycolgt ltdivgt lta href targetblankgtltimg src classbtn gtltagt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt    ltdiv classcolmd3 itemsgt ltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcolmd12 textcentergt lth4gtT1lth4gt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcolmd12 textcentergt lth5gtT2lth5gt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcolmd12 row textcentergt lta hrefhttpsencryptedtbn1.gstatic.comimagesqtbnANd9GcQKWYNnGt8d9G1sf8PE0TpOglpZ2dKnHWAP5FBspYgelcToong titleT1 datagallery relnofollowgt ltimg idimageresource srchttpsencryptedtbn1.gstatic.comimagesqtbnANd9GcQKWYNnGt8d9G1sf8PE0TpOglpZ2dKnHWAP5FBspYgelcToong classimgthumbnail width25 stylemarginleft 30px gt ltagt  ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classcolmd12 colxs12 mycolgt ltdivgt lta href targetblankgtltimg src classbtn gtltagt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt   ltdivgt ltdivgt  ltdivgt ltbodygt   lthtmlgtcodepre div div p
Negative 387 pI want to capture the tcpdumpwireshark in android mobile to see the packet trace, could you please help me, how to cpature in the mobile, and which interface need to be use for itp
Negative 387 pHow to set max width of tooltip in primefacesp  precodeltptooltip forc.idcheckBox valuec.tooltipTextgt codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comWng1C.png altenter image description herep
Negative 387 pI have noticed this on several occasions, and have not yet found a suitable explanation or resolution to the issue. I am looking for a cause and solution.p  pWe are usingp  ul liVS2013 Pro Version 12.0.31101.00 Update 4 li liTeam Explorer for Visual Studio 2013 li liMicrosoft Git Providerli ul  pOn occasion, I will add a file to a branch in the solution. I can then observe the followingp  ul lipThe file will briefly appear with the New File glyph the plus sign, and then immediately change to the Checked In glyph the lock icon.pli lipIn the Changes tab in Team Explorer, the file does not appear in the Included Changes, Excluded Changes, or Untracked changes sections. pli lipstrongcodegit statuscode reports that the file is not displayed as a pending change, nor is it displayed as an untracked file.strongpli lipIf I view the branch in the repository, the file is not, in fact, checked in.pli lipThe file does exist in the folder within the solutions path.pli ul  pNote that the file did not previously exist in the repository. This branch and repository are only a few weeks old, and this is easily verified.p
Negative 387 pI am new to Python. I would like to perform hierarchical clustering on N by P dataset that contains some missing values. I am planning to use scipy.cluster.hierarchy.linkage function that takes distance matrix in condensed form. Does Python have a method to compute distance matrix for missing value contained data In R dist function automatically takes care of missing values... but scipy.spatial.distance.pdist seems not handling missing valuesp
Negative 387 pUsing Intellij 14 and From the Core JSF, 3rd Edition, page 122, I was trying to get this simple JavaScript example working. p  pYet, although the form loads in the browser with a user name field and the two password fields the second one for verification, nothing happens when I click submit  the JavaScript does not execute. I put an alert as the first line, but it never shows up.p  pp  pIntellij is happy with all the paths including the  tag and the actual reference checkPassword inside the quotes if I change that text, the text in the IDE goes red.p  pIf I simply put an alert in the onclick, that works.p  pI also tried to create a navigation rule, but still nothing happens when I click submit.p  pIm new on stackoverflow so I didnt have the required reputation to attach the image I created to help illustrate the project structure both in IDEA and on the disk.p  pSame behavior in FF and Safari. Tried browser refresh. p  pWould appreciate any suggestions.p  pThanks,p  ul limli ul  pP.S. Will post code, but Paste does not work. Whats the secret I dont have to type it all in, rightp
Negative 387 pHaving an issue with regard to the way my particular site, omnibusintelligence.blogspot.com specifically its background image display which is zoomed in unnecessarily, appears on both the iPad and iPhone tablet mobile communications devices. The problem arose when I incorporated the use of the following css as a means of ensuring the consistency of the sites background as a full image representation regardless of web browsing utilityp  precode     body background url...png norepeat center center fixed        backgroundsize cover        margin 0         codepre  pPrior to the application of this operator command I had been using the Google blogger platforms standard option of uploading a background of my own choosing via the selection of the template module as a repetetive motif. I didnt particularly like the way the image was rendered as a pattern in the sites background this was the main reason I instituted the use of the Advanced CSS operator that was previously mentioned. Perusing your forums I also made use of various viewportspecific properties with none of these options having yielded the desired outcome. I also applied the use of the following command, also to no availp  precode      body           background urlimagesbg.jpg norepeat center center fixed          webkitbackgroundsize cover         mozbackgroundsize cover         obackgroundsize cover         backgroundsize cover          codepre  pDue to the fact that the duplication of said operations on two of my test blogs ellicits different results, in as much that the sites background image retains its original dimensions, I believe that this error can be traced back to the web pages coding, though I have yet to pinpoint its origin.p  pThis is a frustrating predicament, to say the least, any assistance you can provide that would lead to the resolution of this particular issue would be greatly appreciated. p
Negative 387 pThe client periodically calls an async method long polling, passing it a value of a stock symbol, which the server uses to query the database and return the object back to the client.p  pI am using Springs a hrefhttpdocs.spring.iospringframeworkdocs3.2.0.BUILDSNAPSHOTapiorgspringframeworkwebcontextrequestasyncDeferredResult.htmlDeferredResulta class, however Im not familiar with how it works. Notice how I am using the symbol property sent from client to query the database for new data see below.p  pPerhaps there is a better approach for long polling with Springp  pHow do I pass the symbol property from the method codedeferredResultcode to codeprocessQueuescodep  precode    private final QueueltDeferredResultltStringgtgt responseBodyQueue  new ConcurrentLinkedQueueltgt      RequestMappingpollsymbol     public ResponseBody DeferredResultltStringgt deferredResultPathVariablesymbol String symbol          DeferredResultltStringgt result  new DeferredResultltStringgt         this.responseBodyQueue.addresult         return result           ScheduledfixedRate2000     public void processQueues          for DeferredResultltStringgt result  this.responseBodyQueue             Quote quote  jpaStockQuoteRepository.findStocksymbol             result.setResultquote             this.responseBodyQueue.removeresult               codepre
Negative 387 pI am saving some objects with ObjectOutputStream. When I am loading them with ObjectInputStream the actionListeners are not working. The Object are JPanels which can be dragged in the container. How can I make it work There is not much to read about so I hope I can get some information here.p  precodeprivate void loadInputStream String file       ObjectInputStream ois  null         try              mainPanel.removeAll             repaint             FileInputStream fip  new FileInputStreamfile             ois  new ObjectInputStreamfip             if ois  null                  whilefip.available gt 0                      Component obj  Component ois.readObject                     mainPanel.addComponent obj                                                  ois.close         catch EOFException  e                   Do Nothing            catch IOException  ClassNotFoundException e              e.printStackTrace             private void saveChangesString selectedWH       try           String file  prop.getwarehousesFile, selectedWH         FileOutputStream fosTemp  new FileOutputStreamfiletemp         ObjectOutputStream oosTemp  new ObjectOutputStreamfosTemp         File oosOld  new Filefile          int compCount  mainPanel.getComponentCount             for int i  0  i lt compCount  i                  Component comp  mainPanel.getComponenti                 oosTemp.reset                 oosTemp.writeObjectcomp                           oosTemp.close              if oosOld.delete                  System.out.printlnerror while deleting                            new Filefiletemp.renameTooosOld             repaint       catch IOException iex          ex.printStackTrace        codepre
Negative 387 pHello I am new to C and trying to learn. I require some help if anybody is able to help I would really appreciate it.p  pSo I am making a program that takes lottery numbers from a website and compares them with the user imputed numbers. I have managed to this but the problem I have is that I get the numbers as a string like this code384826453514code then I compare the string with he user input, so as you can tell if I enter code3 8 4 6 5 1code its says winp  pHow can I parse or change that string to an array of Integers that have two values like this codeint[38][48][26][45][35][14]code I know this is not an actually array.p  pAny help would be very much appreciated even to point me in the right direction.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to post data in web service. I am trying to put the data in the database using php.  Error DomainNSCocoaErrorDomain Code3840 The operation couldnt be completed. Cocoa error 3840. Garbage at end. UserInfo0x7fb76a551420 NSDebugDescriptionGarbage at end.p  pResult  falsep  precodeAFHTTPRequestOperationManager manager  [AFHTTPRequestOperationManager manager]           manager.requestSerializer  [AFJSONRequestSerializer serializer]          [manager POSTURLPOSTCOMMENT            parametersuserEmail userEmail,questionID 101,commentTextanswerDesc               successAFHTTPRequestOperation operation, id responseObject  codepre  p.PHP Filep  precode    headerContenttype applicationjson     isPostRequest  SERVER[REQUESTMETHOD]  POST      if isPostRequest              jsonString  filegetcontentsphpinput         jsonArray  jsondecodejsonString, true          userEmail  POST[userEmail]         questionID  POST[questionID]         commentText  POST[commentText]          sql  INSERT INTO TABLEQUESTIONCOMMENTSuserEmail,questionID,commentText VALUESuserEmail,questionID,commentText          resultmysqlquerysql,conn  codepre  pCan someone please help me with this Im just trying to post data from Xcode to web service. p
Negative 387 pI have donut chart thats working fine except for it doesnt automatically update the chart when I select the option from drop down menu. so I have to refresh the page everytime after an option is changed from dorp down menup  pfollowing is codep  precodevar arc  d3.svg.arc .outerRadiusradius  10 .innerRadiusradius  70  var pie  d3.layout.pie  .sortnull  .valuefunctiond  return d.population  var svg  d3.selectbody.appendsvg  .attrwidth, width  .attrheight, height  .appendg  .attrtransform, translate  width  2  ,  height  2    var loadData  function     var metric  document.getElementByIdmetric.value  var dataFile  data  metric  .csv      d3.csvdataFile, functionerror, data   data.forEachfunctiond   d.population  d.population       var g  svg.selectAll.arc    .datapiedata           .enter.appendg      .attrclass, arc  g.appendpath    .attrd, arc    .stylefill, functiond  return colord.data.age      codepre  ploadDatap  pcan you please let me know what can be done to update the donut chart upon selection.. Thank youp
Negative 387 pI would like to programmatically synchronize model with all changes of other SVN replicas.p  pI loop over all version controlled packages and get latest for each using codeVersionControlGetLatestfalsecode.  p  pIn case of a package that was added to version control, the package itself is imported to the synced model with a key on icon, but its sub packages are missing.p  pExecuting the application again imports the next level of sub packages, but, again, without their sub packages and so on.    p  pstrongThe sub packages do not exist in ppackage at all.strongp  pSame result when manually get the latest.br However, get strongALLstrong latest indeed import the package with all its sub packages. Is there Get All Latest API If not AFAIK, how can I mimic it behaviorp
Negative 387 pThe header is being displayed dynamically using php like codeltphp include header.php    gtcode and it disappears during print. And also the social media icons change to URLs instead of images. p  pCouldnt find a possible solution. Please suggest some solutions.p  pThe HTML and CSS for headerp  precodeltnav classnavbar navbarinverse rolenavigationgt    ltdivgt       ltul classnav navbarnav gt           ltligtlta hrefgtAddltagtltligt           ltligtlta hrefgtEditltagtltligt           ltligtlta hrefgtSearchltagtltligt           ltligtlta href targetblankgtListltagtltligt           ltligtlta href targetblankgtPdfltagtltligt       ltulgt    ltdivgt ltnavgt ltstylegt     .navbar         fontfamilyMyriad Pro         backgroundcolor333         colorwhite         fontsize16px         textalign center          width100 important         zindex 10            .navbarnav         width auto important               .navbarinverse .navbarnavgtligta         colorwhite              .navbarinverse .navbarnavgtlihover         backgroundcolor000         colorblack                  .nav gt li          displayinlineblock important                 ltstylegt codepre
Negative 387 pIve implemented the Google Signin functionality and it works fine on any desktop. It used to work fine on mobile as well, but since recently it is showing two types of weird behaviorp  ol lipIf I try to click the button on Chrome for Android, I have to tap it at least 5 times until it responds. Ive used remote debugging but there are no errors. Even weirder, if I click on the button through remote debugging it responds instantly. No other element on my website shows this behavior.pli lipWhen an existing user clicks the button to login, it opens a new tab to accounts.google.com which stays white. In the background, the original tab is actually being logged in, however the user cant see this cause the white tab is the active one.pli ol  pThe console shows no errors at all, and on desktop everything works fine. I am clueless... Any idea where I should start lookingp  pMy code for the buttonp  precodeltdiv idsigninButtongt   ltspan classgsignin     datascopehttpswww.googleapis.comauthgmail.readonly     dataclientid CLIENTID      dataredirecturipostmessage     dataaccesstypeoffline     datacookiepolicysinglehostorigin     datacallbacksignInCallbackgt   ltspangt ltdivgt codepre  pSignin Javascriptp  precode  function signInCallbackauthResult      if authResult[code]         var state  encodeURIComponent STATE        var code  encodeURIComponentauthResult[code]                  .ajax         type POST,         url signupgauth,         contentType applicationoctetstream charsetutf8,         success functionresult            if result  Success              console.logLogged in                    ,         processData false,         data codecodeampstatestate             else if authResult[error]        console.logSignin state   authResult[error]         codepre
Negative 387 pIm having a hard time understanding whats going wrong here. I have a Wordpress site with many plugins. One of them uses Wordpress native cronlike functionality, codewpcroncode, to insert many posts which are obtained via a webservice. The posts are inserted using Wordpress native functions like codeinsertpostcode in a foreach loop. After a while, the maximum number of connections is reached currently set at 300, and I get the too many connections error and my whole site becomes unreachable. It clears up by itself after a while.br Heres what I dont understand the posts are inserted in a normal foreach loop, so synchronously, and the traffic on the site is low as well, so how can it run out of connectionsbr I can clearly see the connections being used up in the PHPMyAdmin monitor. Ive read online about having these problems when using persistent connections, but as far as I can tell those are not being used. Again, its just using native Wordpress functions for inserting.br Any idea what Im missingp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comxwp8u.png altOh noimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7xq0V.png altAack Hmmmp
Negative 387 pI am trying to create a spreadsheet to create bills. I have previously done this in Excel, and now I want to use Google Sheets, however I am having some problems.p  ul liI tried to create a function to be activated each time that a person clicks a specific rangeli liI have to save the sheet with a specific name for example the value of a A1 Row  A2 ROW and save it into my Google drive accountli liI used codeimportRangecode to import the data of a Google Form, however if I make a copy of the sheet I have to give permission to display the data. How can I do that but without the permissionli ul
Negative 387 pHello I am new in sails js I am trying to CRUD using it, But I am getting unexpected error in my function index. I dont know where i am doing mistake.p  precode Usercontroller.js file    module.exports       create function req, res           ifreq.methodPOSTampampreq.paramUser,nullnull                      User.createreq.paramUser.done functionerr,model              Error handling             if err              res.sendErrorSorrySomething went Wrong             else              res.sendSuccessfully Created             res.redirect userviewmodel.id                                        else                  res.renderusercreate                     index function req, res          User.find.execfunctionerr, users              res.render userindex,usersusers             return                     view function req, res           var idreq.paramid,null         User.findOneid.donefunctionerr,model         res.render userview,modelmodel                    update function req, res           var idreq.paramid,null         User.findOneid.donefunctionerr, model           ifreq.methodPOSTampampreq.paramUser,nullnull                      var usrreq.paramUser,null             model.fnameusr.fName             model.mnameusr.mName             model.lnameusr.lName             model.dobusr.dob             model.usernameusr.Username             model.passwordusr.password             model.emailusr.email             model.savefunctionerr             if err                  res.sendError             else                  res.redirect userviewmodel.id                                            else                      res.render userupdate,modelmodel                               destroy function req, res          var idreq.paramid,null         User.findOneid.donefunctionerr, usar          usar.destroyfunctionerr          res.redirect userindex          record has been removed                          codepre  pAnd i am getting this error in terminal while sails liftp  precodevarwwwtestsailsAppapicontrollersUserController.js15     index function req, res       SyntaxError Unexpected identifier     at Module.compile module.js43925     at Object.Module.extensions..js module.js47410     at Module.load module.js35632     at Function.Module.load module.js31212     at Module.require module.js36417     at require module.js38017     at usrlibnodemodulessailsnodemodulesincludeallindex.js12929     at Array.forEach native     at requireAll usrlibnodemodulessailsnodemodulesincludeallindex.js449     at buildDictionary usrlibnodemodulessailsnodemodulessailsbuilddictionaryindex.js6814     at Function.module.exports.optional usrlibnodemodulessailsnodemodulessailsbuilddictionaryindex.js1609     at Hook.loadControllers usrlibnodemodulessailslibhooksmoduleloaderindex.js24123     at Hook.bound [as loadControllers] usrlibnodemodulessailsnodemoduleslodashdistlodash.js72921     at Hook.loadAndRegisterControllers usrlibnodemodulessailslibhookscontrollersindex.js6318     at Hook.bound [as loadAndRegisterControllers] usrlibnodemodulessailsnodemoduleslodashdistlodash.js72921     at Hook.initialize usrlibnodemodulessailslibhookscontrollersindex.js429     at Hook.bound [as initialize] usrlibnodemodulessailsnodemoduleslodashdistlodash.js72921 codepre  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 ptoday I create a new project with the phoenix framework, an add an singup function. My problem now is that I dont know how to create and validate a confirmation field, in example for users password. I didnt find anything to this topic.p  pBelow my current code, nothing special.p  pstrongMy current form templatestrongp  precodelt formfor changeset, action, fn f gt gt      lt if f.errors  [] do gt         lt not interesting gt     lt end gt      ltdiv classformgroupgt         lt label f, username, User name gt         lt textinput f, username, class formcontrol gt     ltdivgt      ltdiv classformgroupgt         lt label f, password, Password gt         lt passwordinput f, password, class formcontrol gt     ltdivgt      lt How to validate this gt     ltdiv classformgroupgt         lt label f, passwordconfirmation, Password confirmation gt         lt passwordinput f, passwordconfirmation, class formcontrol gt     ltdivgt      lt And so on.... gt  lt end gt codepre  pstrongMy current modelstrongp  precodedefmodule Project.User do   use Project.Web, model    schema users do     field username, string     field password, string      timestamps   end    requiredfields [username, password]   optionalfields []    def changesetmodel, params  empty do     model     gt castparams, requiredfields, optionalfields   end end codepre
Negative 387 pIve heard that issue assign plugin is not needed in sonarqube 5.1 since its built in. But whenever I committed through SVN and run sonar through jenkins all of the team gets an email saying there is an issue but issues are not assigned to the last committer or to anybody.p  pBut when I view the code through sonar I can see it displays the committed persons name infront of it. Therefore I think that the issue is not with SVN connection or user name identificaiton. We use same usernames to log in to both SVN and sonarqubep  pIve used all the given configurations and the combinations of different configurations. This may not be a valid issue for stack overflow but I would really appreciate any possible help to move forward.p  pFollowing are the plugins that i have installed in sonarqube. I just removed SCM Stats plugin a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comG1dk5.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comG1dk5.png altenter image description hereap  pThank you.p
Negative 387 pcurrently im writign a Programm using a JTree. The JTree displays files with different fileextentions like .txt, .png or .c4d. I want the JTree to display a certain icon for every file extention. Some of the nodes have subnodes themselves, for them I want the closed and the opened icon to be the same.p  pIn order to reach this goal I tried the following, which somehow does not work, but i have no Idea why.p  precodeDefaultTreeCellRenderer renderer  new DefaultTreeCellRenderer          Override         public Component getTreeCellRendererComponentJTree tree,                 Object value, boolean sel, boolean expanded, boolean leaf,                 int row, boolean hasFocus              DefaultMutableTreeNode currentTreeNode  DefaultMutableTreeNode value             Object userObject  Object currentTreeNode.getUserObject             String name  userObject.toString             name  name.replace., ,             String[] parts               String fileExtention             try                 parts  name.split,                 fileExtention  parts[1]             catchIndexOutOfBoundsException ex                 fileExtention  error                          if fileExtention  error                  setLeafIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcecr.png                 setClosedIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcecr.png                 setOpenIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcecr.png              else if fileExtention  c4d                  setLeafIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcec4d.png                 setClosedIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcec4d.png                 setOpenIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcec4d.png               else if fileExtention  c4g                  setLeafIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcec4g.png                 setClosedIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcec4g.png                 setOpenIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcec4g.png               else                 System.out.printlnfileExtention                 setLeafIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcec4f.png                 setClosedIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcec4f.png                 setOpenIconnew ImageIconToolkit.getDefaultToolkit.getImage                         getClass.getResourcec4f.png                          return super.getTreeCellRendererComponenttree, value, sel,                     expanded, leaf, row, hasFocus                   tree.setCellRendererrenderer codepre  pThe else is runned even if the extention is c4d. Therefore the default Icon in this case c4f.png is displayed for everything. the only exeption is my rootnode which has no file extention and gets the Icon cr.png.p  pI hope some one can help me with this Problem.p
Negative 387 pIm doing a component to format a list, it is an Extension, I wrote the following code, but, when in execution time, it gives me the error p  blockquote   pCannot convert lambda expression to type   System.Web.WebPages.HelperResult because it is not a delegate typep blockquote  pThis is the extensionp  precodepublic static MvcHtmlString FormatMyListltTModel, TValuegtthis HtmlHelperltTModelgt htmlHelper, IEnumerableltTValuegt list,             ExpressionltFuncltTValue, System.Web.WebPages.HelperResultgtgt formatExp  null                       foreach var item in list                              var itemFormated  formatExp.Compile.Invokeitem.ToString                           return new MvcHtmlString          codepre  pView callingp  precodevar test  Html.FormatMyListltModelType, ListTypegtlist, formatExp         x gt             lttextgt                 This is format of x.Cambio to test x.Fala             lttextgt codepre  pI already tried to change from HelperResult to dynamic, but didnt work too.p  pI dont want to use only codeFuncltobject, HelperResultgtcode as suggested in some posts in StackOverFlow, because, there will be items inside the codelttextgtlttextgtcode, that needs to be strongly typed as an item of ListType.p  pThe format can be different in my views, so I cant use a template to ListType.p  pIs there a way to do that, even that not using the expressionp  pThanksp
Negative 387 pI have 2 activities, one is for logging in via facebook and the other is a home activity. I have a navigation drawer in home activity, which contains an item called Logout. I want new users to login via the first activity, if they have already logged in, then go to home activity and on clicking logout in the navigation drawer of home activity, to logout and redirected to login activity.p  pHere is my login activityp  precodepackage com.pipipzz.simpleapp  import android.app.Activity import android.content.Context import android.content.Intent import android.content.SharedPreferences import android.os.Bundle import android.util.Log import android.view.View import android.widget.ImageView  import com.facebook.CallbackManager import com.facebook.FacebookCallback import com.facebook.FacebookException import com.facebook.FacebookSdk import com.facebook.login.LoginManager import com.facebook.login.LoginResult  import java.util.Arrays   public class NewLoginActivity extends Activity       public static CallbackManager callbackManager     public boolean signedIn     public SharedPreferences sharedPreferences     public ProfileTracker profileTracker      Override     protected void onCreatefinal Bundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState           Initialize SDK before setContentViewLayout ID         FacebookSdk.sdkInitializegetApplicationContext          sharedPreferences  getPreferencesContext.MODEPRIVATE         signedIn  sharedPreferences.getBooleansignedin, false         ifsignedIn              Intent intent  new IntentNewLoginActivity.this, HomeActivity.class             startActivityintent             finish                   setContentViewR.layout.activitynewlogin           Initialize layout button         ImageView button  ImageView findViewByIdR.id.loginbutton          button.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener               Override             public void onClickView v                   Call private method                 onFblogin                                 private void onFblogin              callbackManager  CallbackManager.Factory.create           Set permissions         LoginManager.getInstance.logInWithReadPermissionsthis, Arrays.asListemail, userphotos, publicprofile          LoginManager.getInstance.registerCallbackcallbackManager,                 new FacebookCallbackltLoginResultgt                      Override                     public void onSuccessLoginResult loginResult                          Log.dLogin Result, Success                         signedIn  true                         SharedPreferences.Editor editor  sharedPreferences.edit                         editor.putBooleansignedin, signedIn                         editor.apply                         Intent intent  new IntentNewLoginActivity.this, HomeActivity.class                         startActivityintent                         finish                                           Override                     public void onCancel                          Log.dLogin Result, On cancel                                           Override                     public void onErrorFacebookException error                          Log.dLogin Result, error.toString                                                profileTracker  new ProfileTracker              Override             protected void onCurrentProfileChangedProfile profile, Profile profile1                  Log.eoldProfile, profile.getName                                 Override     public void onActivityResultint requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data          super.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data         callbackManager.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data         Intent intent  new IntentNewLoginActivity.this, HomeActivity.class         startActivityintent        codepre  pI am trying to use sharedprefrences to store the login status. Here is my home activityp  precodepackage com.pipipzz.simpleapp  import android.content.Intent import android.content.res.Configuration import android.graphics.Color import android.os.Bundle import android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton import android.support.design.widget.NavigationView import android.support.v4.app.Fragment import android.support.v4.app.FragmentManager import android.support.v4.view.GravityCompat import android.support.v4.view.ViewPager import android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout import android.support.v7.app.ActionBar import android.support.v7.app.ActionBarDrawerToggle import android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity import android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar import android.view.Gravity import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuItem import android.view.View import android.view.Window import android.view.WindowManager   public class HomeActivity extends AppCompatActivity       Toolbar toolbar     ViewPager viewPager     ViewPagerAdapter viewPagerAdapter     SlidingTabLayout slidingTabLayout     CharSequence Titles[]  Following, Trending     int numOfTabs  2      private ActionBarDrawerToggle drawerToggle     private DrawerLayout mDrawer       Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activityhome          Initialise views         viewPager  ViewPager findViewByIdR.id.pager         slidingTabLayout  SlidingTabLayout findViewByIdR.id.tabs         toolbar  Toolbar findViewByIdR.id.toolbar1          setSupportActionBartoolbar         final ActionBar ab  getSupportActionBar         assert ab  null          ab.setHomeButtonEnabledtrue         ab.setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabledtrue         ab.setHomeAsUpIndicatorR.drawable.menu          viewPagerAdapter  new ViewPagerAdaptergetSupportFragmentManager, Titles, numOfTabs         viewPager.setAdapterviewPagerAdapter         slidingTabLayout.setDistributeEvenlytrue         slidingTabLayout.setCustomTabColorizernew SlidingTabLayout.TabColorizer              Override             public int getIndicatorColorint position                  return Color.parseColor88ffffff                 return Color.parseColorFAC80A                               slidingTabLayout.setViewPagerviewPager          if android.os.Build.VERSION.SDKINT gt 21                      Window window  getWindow             window.addFlagsWindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGDRAWSSYSTEMBARBACKGROUNDS             window.clearFlagsWindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGTRANSLUCENTSTATUS             window.setStatusBarColorColor.parseColor263238                   FloatingActionButton button  FloatingActionButton findViewByIdR.id.ddd         button.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  Intent intent  new IntentHomeActivity.this, ImageGridActivity.class                 startActivityintent                                 Find our drawer view         mDrawer  DrawerLayout findViewByIdR.id.drawerlayout         drawerToggle  setupDrawerToggle         drawerToggle.setDrawerIndicatorEnabledfalse         toolbar.setNavigationIconR.drawable.menu         mDrawer.setDrawerListenerdrawerToggle            Find our drawer view         NavigationView nvDrawer  NavigationView findViewByIdR.id.nvView          Setup drawer view         setupDrawerContentnvDrawer          toolbar.setNavigationOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  mDrawer.openDrawerGravity.LEFT                                   private ActionBarDrawerToggle setupDrawerToggle          return new ActionBarDrawerTogglethis, mDrawer, toolbar, R.string.draweropen,  R.string.drawerclose           private void setupDrawerContentNavigationView navigationView          navigationView.setNavigationItemSelectedListener                 new NavigationView.OnNavigationItemSelectedListener                      Override                     public boolean onNavigationItemSelectedMenuItem menuItem                          selectDrawerItemmenuItem                         return true                                                 public void selectDrawerItemMenuItem menuItem           Create a new fragment and specify the planet to show based on          position         Fragment fragment  null          Class fragmentClass         switchmenuItem.getItemId              case R.id.navfirstfragment                 fragmentClass  MyFeedFragment.class                 break             case R.id.navsecondfragment                 fragmentClass  SurpriseMeFragment.class                 break             case R.id.navthirdfragment                 fragmentClass  GalleriesFragment.class                 break             case R.id.navfourthfragment                 fragmentClass  MyProfileFragment.class                 break             case R.id.navfifthfragment                 fragmentClass  MessagesFragment.class                 break             case R.id.navsettings                 fragmentClass  SettingsFragment.class                 break             case R.id.navlogout                 fragmentClass  LogoutFragment.class                 break             default                 fragmentClass  MyFeedFragment.class                   try              fragment  Fragment fragmentClass.newInstance          catch Exception e              e.printStackTrace                    Insert the fragment by replacing any existing fragment         FragmentManager fragmentManager  this.getSupportFragmentManager         fragmentManager.beginTransaction.replaceR.id.flContent, fragment.addToBackStacknull.commit           Highlight the selected item, update the title, and close the drawer         menuItem.setCheckedtrue         setTitlemenuItem.getTitle         mDrawer.closeDrawers            Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.menuhome, menu         return true           Override     public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item           switch item.getItemId              case android.R.id.home                 mDrawer.openDrawerGravityCompat.START                 return true                   if drawerToggle.onOptionsItemSelecteditem              return true                   return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem           Override     protected void onPostCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onPostCreatesavedInstanceState          Sync the toggle state after onRestoreInstanceState has occurred.         drawerToggle.syncState           Override     public void onConfigurationChangedConfiguration newConfig          super.onConfigurationChangednewConfig          Pass any configuration change to the drawer toggles         drawerToggle.onConfigurationChangednewConfig      codepre  pI dont want to draw any UI when logout is clicked in navigation drawer, so I am creating a no UI fragment for logoutp  precodepackage com.pipipzz.simpleapp   import android.content.Context import android.content.Intent import android.content.SharedPreferences import android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.app.Fragment  import com.facebook.AccessToken import com.facebook.login.LoginManager      A simple link Fragment subclass.   public class LogoutFragment extends Fragment       public LogoutFragment           Required empty public constructor           Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setRetainInstancetrue         ifAccessToken.getCurrentAccessToken  null              LoginManager.getInstance.logOut                  SharedPreferences sharedPreferences  getActivity.getPreferencesContext.MODEPRIVATE         SharedPreferences.Editor editor  sharedPreferences.edit         editor.clear         editor.putBooleansignedin, false         editor.apply         Intent intent  new IntentgetActivity, NewLoginActivity.class         startActivityintent        codepre  pOn doing above, I am able to logout of facebook, but I am not able to redirect to the login activity. I searched a lot, but couldnt find anything. What can be the problem Please help.p
Negative 387 pThe division of two integers is resulting in a floating point value. Is there a way to get the result as an integer in the following situationp  precodeltpcommandButton valuebean.intA  bean.intB ..gt codepre  pThe result should be shown as 1 not as 1.0.p
Negative 387 pUsing Grails version 2.4.2p  pI have controller unit tests that were passing successfully.  As soon as I added a MyServiceSpec that tests a MyService some controller unit tests started failing. If I comment out my MyServiceSpec tests they pass again.  I have been able to narrow it down to something related to MimeType bean initialization. p  pIf the MyServiceSpec runs then the MimeType printed using p  precodeMimeType.getConfiguredMimeTypes.each  MimeType mt gt            println mt.name         codepre  poutputsp  precodetexthtml codepre  pWithout the MyServiceSpec it is p  precodeapplicationatomxml textcss textcsv applicationxwwwformurlencoded texthtml applicationxhtmlxml textjavascript applicationjson textjson multipartformdata applicationrssxml textplain applicationhaljson applicationhalxml textxml applicationxml codepre  pWithout the json mime type the responses are not rendered correctly and the tests fail. I did not see any detailed documentation on allowing or disallowing unit tests for a Service class. p  pIs it incorrect to have a Service level unit test Should it be moved to integration test area Related question is why does default MimeType configuration get wiped out for the other controller tests when  Service unit test is introducedp
Negative 387 pI have been trying to have a grid of card using angularmaterial. So I am using the directives mdgridlist and mdcard. but the result is pretty ugly, and I am not sure to understand how the mdrowheigh ratio works, I have the documentation, but it doesnt say a lot.p  pHere is what I have been doing so far  a hrefhttpcodepen.iostunazpenqdQwbq relnofollowhttpcodepen.iostunazpenqdQwbqa , I am trying to have a responsive grid of card, not even sure if the mdgridlist is appropriate here.p  precode  ltmdgridlist mdcolssm1 mdcolsmd2 mdcolsgtmd6 mdrowheight300px mdgutter12px mdguttergtsm8pxgt  ltmdgridtile classgray ngrepeatuser in usersgt   ltmdcardgt     ltimg srchttpplacehold.it150x150 classmdcardimage altuser avatargt     ltmdcardcontentgt       lth2gtuserlth2gt       ltpgtLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqualtpgt     ltmdcardcontentgt     ltdiv classmdactions layoutrow layoutalignend centergt       ltmdbuttongtSaveltmdbuttongt       ltmdbuttongtViewltmdbuttongt     ltdivgt   ltmdcardgt ltmdgridtilegt codepre  pp  pI am open to any kind of help.p
Negative 387 pI have a table with latitude and longitude data. What I want to do is plot it on the map so that I can visualize the locations a user has visited. In my table I have userid, latitude and longitude of starting points and latitude and longitude for stopping points. Can any one suggest what will be the best platform to plot data onp
Negative 387 pI am just learning to create an app and I am using Smartface since there is GUI. In a page I created, there is a Camera button and Gallery button. There is also an image with a blank face.p  pI hope you can see this link a hrefhttpfilesxpress.comd160a75e1 relnofollowhttpfilesxpress.comd160a75e1ap  pWhat I am trying to do is open the camera function when the user taps the Camera button, and the user then captures a photo of a person. p  pAfter the capture, the image will be cropped.p  pI have done that part by utilizing codes in stackoverflow and in the Smartface site as well. See code belowp  precodefunction Scene1SelfOnKeyPresse     if e.keyCode  4      Dialogs.Scene1.close       function Scene1btnCameraOnTouche     SMF.Multimedia.startCamera     cameraType  1, rear camera     resolution  2, large resolution     autoFocus  true,     onStart  function  , do nothing     onCapture  function e      alertpath  e.photoUri    ,     onCancel  function  , do nothing     onFailure  function   do nothing         var photoUri     SMF.Multimedia.startCamera1, 2, 1,   function e ,   function e      photoUri  e.photoUri     SMF.UI.cropImage         imageUri  photoUri,         options               aspectX  1,             aspectY  1,             outputX  500,             outputY  500         ,         onSuccess  function e               e.imageUri              e.width              e.height             Device.Media.saveToGallery                 item  e.imageUri,                 onSuccess  function e                      alertThe image is saved to the gallery.                 ,                 onError  function e                      alerterror   e.message                               ,       onError  function e         e.message       ,       onCancel  function e        alertThe camera is cancelled               ,    function e ,    function e     codepre  pHere are the things that I need assistance withp  ol liWhen the captured picture is being cropped, only a 9cell table appears that helps the resizing. Is there a way to show up that image with a blank face, and the user will then position the captured image to be cropped at the back of that image It has transparencyli liWhen the image is positioned properly at the back of the blank face, the user can then SAVE the image and the result shall be the blank face  the inserted or the cropped and overlaid image. li ol  pThank you very much for your help.p
Negative 387 pIm trying to toggle a cssclass using jQuery on an SVG element each time a div element is clicked.p  pFrom what Ive read, there are issues doing this with SVG elements and this way was a solutionp  precodediv1.clickfunction      svg1.classList.toggleclicked  codepre  pHowever, this doesnt work. So I assumed it was due to the use of an SVG element in this function. But when replacing said SVG element with a div element, like thisp  precodediv1.clickfunction      div2.classList.toggleclicked  codepre  pthe class still wont toggle, despite there being no SVG element in the function.p
Negative 387 pI am new to Angular and originally had this working when everything was inside one file. Now I am trying to use partials and i am having problems. Here is my index pagep  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml ngappJBenchAppgt ltheadgt     lttitlegtJudicial Workbenchlttitlegt     ltlink hrefcssbootstrap.css relstylesheet gt     ltlink hrefcssstyles.css relstylesheet gt     ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.4.3angular.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.4.3angularroute.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjscontrollers.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjsapp.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjsjquery2.1.4.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjsbootstrap.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjsbootstrapdatepicker.jsgtltscriptgt     ltlink hrefcssbootstrapdatepicker.css relstylesheet gt     ltscriptgt         document.readyfunction               var today  new Date             var dd  today.getDate             var mm  today.getMonth  1 January is 0             var yyyy  today.getFullYear              if dd lt 10                  dd  0  dd                           if mm lt 10                  mm  0  mm                           today  mm    dd    yyyy             datepicker.datepicker autoclose true, startDate today              theDate.valtoday             var active  accordion .panelcollapse.in.prev.addClassactive             active.finda.appendltspan classglyphicon glyphiconminus pullrightgtltspangt             accordion .panelheading.notactive.finda.prependltspan classglyphicon glyphiconplus pullrightgtltspangt             accordion.onshow.bs.collapse, function e                  accordion .panelheading.active.removeClassactive.find.glyphicon.toggleClassglyphiconplus glyphiconminus                 e.target.prev.addClassactive.find.glyphicon.toggleClassglyphiconplus glyphiconminus                          accordion.onhide.bs.collapse, function e                  e.target.prev.removeClassactive.find.glyphicon.removeClassglyphiconminus.addClassglyphiconplus                           firstWarrant.clickfunction                   showLogo.hide                 typeOfCase.htmlWarrant  Moritz, Jay                 warrant1.show                 warrant2.hide                           secondWarrant.clickfunction                   showLogo.hide                 typeOfCase.htmlWarrant  Newman, Erika                 warrant2.show                 warrant1.hide                           .navbarnav li.clickfunction e                  .navbarnav li.active.removeClassactive                 var this  this                 if this.hasClassactive                      this.addClassactive                                  e.preventDefault                            ltscriptgt     ltbase href gt ltheadgt ltbody ngcontrollerJBenchCtrlgt     ltnav classnavbar navbardefault navbarfixedtopgt         ltdiv classcontainerfluid blackbackgt             ltdiv classnavbarheadergt                 lta classnavbarbrand hrefgtJudicial Workbenchltagt             ltdivgt             ltul classnav navbarnavgt                 ltli classactivegtlta hrefgtCalendarltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtMinMandatory Chartltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtTrial Guideltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtCalendar Checkinltagtltligt             ltulgt             ltdiv classpullright ngshowloggedingt                 ltinput typetext nameuserName placeholderUsername classloginarea gt                 ltinput typepassword nameuserPassword placeholderPassword classloginarea gt                 ltbutton classbtn btnprimary typesubmit ngclickisLoggedIngt                     Login                 ltbuttongt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classpullright white ngshowloggedingt                 ltspangtWelcome, Judge Mahonyltspangt                 ltul classnav navbarnav navbarright whitegt                     ltli classdropdowngt                         lta href classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngtltspan classglyphicon glyphiconsearch searchgtltspangtltagt                         ltul classdropdownmenu rolemenugt                             ltligt                                 ltform classnavbarform navbarleft rolesearchgt                                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                                         ltinput typetext classformcontrol placeholderSearchgt                                     ltdivgt                                     ltbutton typesubmit classbtn btndefault btnblock submitBtngtSubmitltbuttongt                                 ltformgt                             ltligt                         ltulgt                     ltligt                 ltulgt                 lta hrefgtltspan classglyphicon glyphiconcog white settingsgtltspangtltagt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltnavgt     ltdiv classcontainerfluidgt         ltdiv ngviewgt             lt Location for partial views to be displayedgt         ltdivgt      ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pHere is my app.jsp  precodeuse strict  var JBenchApp  angular.moduleJBenchApp, [     ngRoute,     JBenchControllers ]  JBenchApp.config[routeProvider, locationProvider,    functionrouteProvider, locationProvider        routeProvider.         whendashboard,              templateUrl partialsdashboard.html,             controller JBenchCtrl         .         whencalendar,              templateUrl partialscalendar.html,             controller JBenchCtrl         .         when,              templateUrl partialscalendar.html,             controller JBenchCtrl         .         otherwise             redirectTo                  locationProvider.html5Modetrue   ] codepre  pHere is the controllers.jsp  precodeuse strict   Controllers   var JBenchControllers  angular.moduleJBenchControllers, []  JBenchControllers.controllerJBenchCtrl, function scope      scope.loggedin  false      scope.isLoggedIn  function           scope.loggedin  true       codepre  pHere is my calendar.html partialp  precodeltdiv classrow ngshowloggedingt     ltdiv classcolsm4gt         Calendar here     ltdivgt     ltdiv classcolsm8gt         Case list here     ltdivgt  ltdivgt codepre  pWhen i click the button that has ngclickisLoggedIn the calendar here and case list here row doesnt show. However, the part of my index.html file that says Welcome, Judge Mahony does show and it is also dependent upon the same variable. What am I doing wrongp  pThanksp  pEDIT Here is an image using nginspector that shows two scopes. Ive linked each scope to where in the code it is. How to avoid this a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comTC22e.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTC22e.png altenter image description hereap
Negative 387 pI used this code for showing data on label , here i want table formate data which i want to place in label, it works in web view fine but not in lable.p  precode    void setAllergyDetails NSArray arr      NSMutableString dataStr  [[NSMutableString alloc] init]     [dataStr appendString lthtmlgt      ltheadgt      ltmeta charsetutf8gt      lttitlegtUntitled Documentlttitlegt      ltheadgt      ltbodygt      lttablegt      lttable border1 framevoid rulesrowsgt      lttbodygt      ]       for NSString strDetail in arr              NSArray temp  [strDetail componentsSeparatedByString]             if [temp count]  2                  NSString str  [NSString stringWithFormat                                  lttr styleborderbottom 1px solid 000 displayblockgt                                  lttdgtlttdgt                                  lttdgtlttdgt                                  lttrgt                                  lttrgt,[temp objectAtIndex0] , [temp objectAtIndex1]]                 [dataStr appendStringstr]                       [dataStr appendStringlttbodygt      lttablegt      ltbodygt      lthtmlgt]      NSString str  [ NSString stringWithFormat,dataStr]      NSAttributedString  attrStr  [[NSAttributedString alloc] initWithData[str dataUsingEncodingNSUnicodeStringEncoding] options NSDocumentTypeDocumentAttribute NSHTMLTextDocumentType  documentAttributesnil errornil]     [self.lblAllergyDetail setAttributedTextattrStr]   codepre  pIt only show text data in systematic formate in label.p
Negative 387 pYesterday I opened the port 3000 to access a External url in my smartphone with BrowserSync.p  pThis url worked perfectly, but today I try to connect by the same url in my smartphone browser and I get the Chrome errorstrongERRADDRESSUNREACHABLEstrongp  pMy inet IP not changed, everything is like yesterday a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com9EeQf.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com9EeQf.jpg altenter image description hereap  pRunning my browser sync task a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comB0Mlz.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comB0Mlz.jpg altenter image description hereap  pwhats happening here, of course my firewall is disabled.p  pThanks you very much.p
Negative 387 pI downloaded the file called standard and renamed it as auction.xml from the following website a hrefhttpwww.ins.cwi.nlprojectsxmarkAssetsstandard.gz relnofollowLink to fileap  pI wrote an insert query and stored in a file called insertqz.xqp  precodefor doc in docauction.xmlsiteopenauctionsbidderincrease return insert node ltwatch openauctionopenauction5104gt before doc codepre  pand run the following command  codezorba t q insertqz.xqcodep  pI get the following error codeno URI1,2 dynamic error [errXPDY0002] context item undeclared variablecodep  pCan someone help me outp
Negative 387 pIts OK when I set Selected Style. But when I tryp  precodeUIManager.getInstance.setComponentStyleuiid, style, press UIManager.getInstance.setComponentStyleuiid, style, Press UIManager.getInstance.setComponentStyleuiid, style, PRESS UIManager.getInstance.setComponentStyleuiid, style, pressed UIManager.getInstance.setComponentStyleuiid, style, Pressed UIManager.getInstance.setComponentStyleuiid, style, PRESSED codepre  pnothing happens. Please someone tell me why and how to set style to pressed component. Thanksp
Negative 387 pCurrently, Im having a problem in executing this syntax. I got error in line 6 whilearraysumarraycountvaluesprisoners  pMy possible output will print the number of survivors which is 1.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodeltphp Josephus.php function Jotapatan,k3,m1m prisonersarrayfill0,n,falsemake a circle of n prisoners, store false ie deadfalse deadpool1count to next execution order0death order and dead flag, ie. deadpool whilearraysumarraycountvaluesprisonersltnwhile sum of count of unique values dead times lt n they start as all false foreachprisoners as thisPrisonergtdead ifdeadso yeah...if not dead... ifdeadpoolkif their time is up in the deadpool... order set the deadpool value or enumerate as survivor prisoners[thisPrisoner]nmgtorderordernorderCall me Titus Flavius JosephusJoes friend .ordernm1 deadpool1reset count to next execution elseduckpool    return prisoners  echo ltpregt.printrJotapata41,3,5,true.ltpregt  codepre div div p
Negative 387 pIm using a hrefhttpreactbootstrap.github.io relnofollowReact Bootstrapa and Im running into any issue while using OverlayTriggerPopover. When I close the popover and reopen it the state of codeltComponentWithState gtcode is discarded.p  pa hrefhttpreactbootstraptest.s3websiteuseast1.amazonaws.com relnofollowLive Example of the issuea. To replicate Click button, click link, notice how text changed from State Off to State On. Close popover click beside or reclick button, then reclick button to open popover. Notice how text says State Off. The state did not persist does not say State On.p  pIdea how I can make the state persists between closingreopening popoverp  precodeuse strict  var React  requirereact var Popover  requirereactbootstraplibPopover var Button  requirereactbootstraplibButton var OverlayTrigger  requirereactbootstraplibOverlayTrigger  var ComponentWithState  React.createClass   getInitialState function      return        value false        ,    changeToTrue functione      e.preventDefault     this.setStatevalue true   ,    render function      return        ltdivgt         ltdivgtlta href onClickthis.changeToTruegtChange state to Onltagtltdivgt         ltdivgtState this.state.value  On  Offltdivgt       ltdivgt           var App  React.createClass   render function      var children         ltPopover titleSomethinggt         ltComponentWithState gt       ltPopovergt           return        ltOverlayTrigger triggerclick rootClose overlaychildrengt         ltButtongtOptionsltButtongt       ltOverlayTriggergt           React.render   ltApp gt,   document.getElementByIdcontainer  codepre
Negative 387 pI am adding a user to a group usingp  precode reference System.DirectoryServices.AccountManagement, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089 using var context  new PrincipalContextContextType.Machine using var group  GroupPrincipal.FindByIdentitycontext, GroupName using var user  UserPrincipal.FindByIdentitycontext, Username      if group  null  user  null              throw new InvalidOperationExceptionstring.FormatUser 0 or group 1 does not exist, Username, GroupName           if group.Members.Containsuser              group.Members.Adduser         group.Save       codepre  pBut codeUserPrincipal.FindByIdentitycode returns null with codeIIS AppPoolDefaultAppPoolcode even though it works with codeNT Servicew32timecode and codeAdministratorcode.  Using codelusrmgr.msccode, the user can be added without incedent, but I cannot use codeUserPrincipalcode, codeGroupPrincipalcode, or codePrincipalcode to get the user.p  pHow can I get a codePrincipalcode for codeIIS AppPoolDefaultAppPoolcode or otherwise add it to a local groupp
Negative 387 pOn codeWindows 10code, using a hrefhttpsgithub.comgitforwindowsgitreleasesdownloadv2.4.6.windows.1Git2.4.65threleasecandidate64bit.exe relnofollowcodeGit2.4.65threleasecandidate64bit.execodea, if I dop  precodeset GITSSHDssh.sh codepre  pI getp  precodeerror cannot spawn Dssh.sh No such file or directory fatal unable to fork codepre  pBut if I instead dop  precodeset GITSSHDssh.exe codepre  porp  precodeset GITSSHDssh.bat codepre  peverything works as intended.p  pMy codePATHEXTcode p  precodePATHEXT.COM.EXE.BAT.CMD.VBS.VBE.JS.JSE.WSF.WSH.MSC.PY.sh codepre  pA registry file that has been appliedp  precodeWindows Registry Editor Version 5.00  [HKEYCURRENTUSERSoftwareClassesApplicationsbash.exe] [HKEYCURRENTUSERSoftwareClassesApplicationsbash.exeshell] [HKEYCURRENTUSERSoftwareClassesApplicationsbash.exeshellopen] [HKEYCURRENTUSERSoftwareClassesApplicationsbash.exeshellopencommand] CsdkGitbinbash.exe 1   [HKEYCURRENTUSERSoftwareClassesApplicationssh.exe] [HKEYCURRENTUSERSoftwareClassesApplicationssh.exeshell] [HKEYCURRENTUSERSoftwareClassesApplicationssh.exeshellopen] [HKEYCURRENTUSERSoftwareClassesApplicationssh.exeshellopencommand] CsdkGitbinsh.exe 1   [HKEYCLASSESROOTshautofile] [HKEYCLASSESROOTshautofileshell] [HKEYCLASSESROOTshautofileshellopen] [HKEYCLASSESROOTshautofileshellopencommand] CsdkGitbinsh.exe 1  [HKEYCLASSESROOTshautofileShellEx]  [HKEYCLASSESROOT.sh] shautofile  [HKEYCLASSESROOT.shDefaultIcon] hex225,00,53,00,79,00,73,00,74,00,65,00,6d,00,52,00,6f,00,6f,00,74,00,25,   00,5c,00,53,00,79,00,73,00,74,00,65,00,6d,00,33,00,32,00,5c,00,69,00,6d,00,   61,00,67,00,65,00,72,00,65,00,73,00,2e,00,64,00,6c,00,6c,00,2c,00,2d,00,36,   00,38,00,00,00  [HKEYCLASSESROOT.shshelledit]  [HKEYCLASSESROOT.shshelleditcommand] CProgram FilesSublime Text 3sublimetext.exe 1 codepre  pThe result of these is that if I open up codecmdcode and enterp  precodeDssh.sh codepre  por evenp  precodeDssh codepre  pthe script is executed.p  pBut git refuses to use the shell script, but is content to use code.execode files and code.batcode files.p  pWhy is this Is it a bug, or am I missing somethingp
Negative 387 pI have the following JavaScript lines i want to execute it in my WebView.p  precodevar token  top.location.href.splitaccesstoken[1] if token  top.location.href  httpexample.comindex.phptoken  token  codepre  pWhen the WebView have codeaccesstokencode in the link it redirect the user to another page in WebView etc when the user go to this page a hrefhttpexamplex.comindex.phpaccesstokenASDFG relnofollowhttpexamplex.comindex.phpaccesstokenASDFGa the app redirect him to a hrefhttpexample.comindex.phptokenASDFG relnofollowhttpexample.comindex.phptokenASDFGap  pFull code after execute itp  precode   Override         protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState              super.onCreatesavedInstanceState             setContentViewR.layout.activityhomepage             mWebView  WebView findViewByIdR.id.activitymainwebview              Enable Javascript             WebSettings webSettings  mWebView.getSettings             webSettings.setJavaScriptEnabledtrue          String javascriptCodeUrl javascriptvar token  n         top.location.href.splitaccesstoken[1] n         if token  n         top.location.href  httpexample.comindex.phptoken  token                      mWebView.loadUrljavascriptCodeUrl              mWebView.loadUrlhttpdefaultwebpage.com              Force links and redirects to open in the WebView instead of in a browser             mWebView.setWebViewClientnew WebViewClient          codepre
Negative 387 pIve read about nodejs eventloop, but what i dont understand well is   p  blockquote   ul   liive created a simple httpserver that logs the whole request postdata to a file .  li   lii used apacheab to flood it with a 700 kb file foreach request it does .li   ul blockquote  pi imagined that each request will write some chunks after each other each tick in the eventloop, but i found that the full post data is written completely after each request and i dont know why , and i cannot understand it .  p  hr  pim using something like thisp  precodestream  requirefs.createWriteStreampathtolog.file, flags a log  functiondata    return stream.writedata   requirehttp.createServerfunctionreq, res       or req.pipestream    req.ondata, functionchunk      logchunk.toString  rn         req.onend, function       res.endok      .listen8000 codepre  hr  psorry for my bad English p
Negative 387 pI retrieve a JSON result from an API p  precode[ oid axd7wtlk6xd2fbwlc5wk, id aazzzza, name aazzaa, logo  type 0, data iVB.............5CYII , timestamp 1438608571013, email contactazzaa.net, modified test, url httpwww.azzaa.net ,  oid quj3dzygfwygl5uxsbxk, name KZZZ, modified test, timestamp 1438854099511, id kess ,...] codepre  pbut when I try to map to a customer object I get the error codeExpected a string but was BEGINOBJECTcode p  precode    response  webService.RequestGeturl, header      result  null     try          result  new JSONArrayresponse         Utils.LogWarningresponse      catch JSONException e          Utils.LogErrorCould not load json response, e           Type customerType  new TypeTokenltCollectionltCustomergtgt      .getType     ArrayListltCustomergt alCustomers  null     alCustomers  new Gson.fromJsonresult.toString, customerType codepre  pHere is my codeCustomercode class p  precodepublic class Customer implements Serializable      private String id       private String name       private String email       private String url       private String address       private String stamp       private transient String logo       private long timestamp  0L     private String modified       ... codepre  pp  pI have been through a lot of answers regarding this problem that I have also for other types of objects, but I cant find a working solution.p
Negative 387 pI have a stored procedure in SQL Server which I cannot edit. To execute in SQL Server, I have to pass a parameter, which is mandatory. If I use 1, the procedure will run in print mode and actual procedure will be run for 0. I wrote below code which is executed without errors and log is captured that stored procedure is run successfully but in print mode. p  pPlease tell me the change that needs to be done to pass parameter 0p  precodeSub RunProc  Dim con As ADODB.Connection Dim cmd As ADODB.Command Dim rs As ADODB.Recordset  Set con  New ADODB.Connection Set cmd  New ADODB.Command Set rs  New ADODB.Recordset  Set objSheet  ThisWorkbook.SheetsQueries strServerNAme  CStrobjSheet.Cells4, 2.Value strDatabase  CStrobjSheet.Cells5, 2.Value strProcName  CStrobjSheet.Cells6, 2.Value  Log into our SQL Server, and run the Stored Procedure  strConnection  DriverSQL Server Server amp strServerNAme amp  Database amp strDatabase amp   con.Open strConnection cmd.ActiveConnection  con cmd.Parameters.Append cmd.CreateParameter, adBoolean, adParamInput, False  cmd.CommandText  strProcName Set rs  cmd.Execute, , adCmdStoredProc  con.Close Set con  Nothing  End Sub     codepre
Negative 387 pIm getting desperate here. Im able to start my webApp on tomcat7 server locally but when I add a jar that in the pom.xml Its a module needed to my WebApp , I get this error and the server wont startp  precodeSEVERE A child container failed during start java.util.concurrent.ExecutionException org.apache.catalina.LifecycleException Failed to start component [StandardEngine[Catalina].StandardHost[localhost].StandardContext[densitesimulatorWebApp]]     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.reportFutureTask.java122     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.getFutureTask.java192     at org.apache.catalina.core.ContainerBase.startInternalContainerBase.java1122     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHost.startInternalStandardHost.java819     at org.apache.catalina.util.LifecycleBase.startLifecycleBase.java150     at org.apache.catalina.core.ContainerBaseStartChild.callContainerBase.java1574     at org.apache.catalina.core.ContainerBaseStartChild.callContainerBase.java1564     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runFutureTask.java266     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1142     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java617     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java745 Caused by org.apache.catalina.LifecycleException Failed to start component [StandardEngine[Catalina].StandardHost[localhost].StandardContext[densitesimulatorWebApp]]     at org.apache.catalina.util.LifecycleBase.startLifecycleBase.java154     ... 6 more Caused by java.lang.SecurityException Invalid signature file digest for Manifest main attributes     at sun.security.util.SignatureFileVerifier.processImplSignatureFileVerifier.java284     at sun.security.util.SignatureFileVerifier.processSignatureFileVerifier.java238     at java.util.jar.JarVerifier.processEntryJarVerifier.java273     at java.util.jar.JarVerifier.updateJarVerifier.java228     at java.util.jar.JarFile.initializeVerifierJarFile.java383     at java.util.jar.JarFile.getInputStreamJarFile.java450     at org.apache.tomcat.util.scan.FileUrlJar.getEntryInputStreamFileUrlJar.java97     at org.apache.catalina.startup.ContextConfig.processAnnotationsJarContextConfig.java1964     at org.apache.catalina.startup.ContextConfig.processAnnotationsUrlContextConfig.java1931     at org.apache.catalina.startup.ContextConfig.processAnnotationsContextConfig.java1916     at org.apache.catalina.startup.ContextConfig.webConfigContextConfig.java1330     at org.apache.catalina.startup.ContextConfig.configureStartContextConfig.java889     at org.apache.catalina.startup.ContextConfig.lifecycleEventContextConfig.java386     at org.apache.catalina.util.LifecycleSupport.fireLifecycleEventLifecycleSupport.java117     at org.apache.catalina.util.LifecycleBase.fireLifecycleEventLifecycleBase.java90     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContext.startInternalStandardContext.java5419     at org.apache.catalina.util.LifecycleBase.startLifecycleBase.java150 codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying make an strongexestrong application from my scripts using strongpy2exestrong. The problem is that if I run it by doubleclicking on exe file, it closes immediately after open. If I run it from cmd, it works perfect. p  pIve tried to make a codetablecode global but it did not helped. Ive already tried to keep the reference  no effect. p  pHere is the code of GUI in case it helpsp  precodefrom PyQt4.QtGui import QTableWidget, QTableWidgetItem,QApplication import sys from PyQt4.QtGui import  import os from meteo import mesiac,den  class MyTableQTableWidget     def initself, data, args         QTableWidget.initself, args         self.data  data         self.setmydata         self.resizeColumnsToContents         self.resizeRowsToContents      def setmydataself              horHeaders  []         for n, key in enumerate[max teplota,min teplota,max vlhkost,min vlhkost,max tlak,                      min tlak,avg teplota,avg vlhkost,avg tlak]             horHeaders.appendkey             for m, item in enumerateself.data[key]                 newitem  QTableWidgetItemstritem                 self.setItemm, n, newitem         self.setHorizontalHeaderLabelshorHeaders          verticalheaders  [..formatx1 for x in xrangelenself.data.values[0]1][Mesiac]         self.setVerticalHeaderLabelsverticalheaders         self.setWindowTitleMeteo  def showtable     global table     table  MyTabledata, lendata.values[0], lendata.keys     table.setFixedHeightlendata.values[0]20     table.setFixedWidthlendata.keys95     table.show     return table  if name  main     data       os.systemmode con cols100 lines40     filenames  nextos.walkmesiac[2]     listofden  []     for filename in filenames         listofden.appenddenfilename,filename[4]     m  mesiaclistofden      for den in listofden         for n,attr in enumerate[max teplota,min teplota,max vlhkost,min vlhkost,max tlak,                      min tlak,avg teplota,avg vlhkost,avg tlak]             try                 data[attr].appendden.tolist[n]             except                 data[attr][den.tolist[n]]      mlist  m.tolist     for n,attr in enumerate[max teplota,min teplota,max vlhkost,min vlhkost,max tlak,                      min tlak,avg teplota,avg vlhkost,avg tlak]          try             data[attr].appendmlist[n]         except             data[attr][mlist[n]]      app  QApplicationsys.argv     t  showtable     sys.exitapp.exec codepre  pAnd for sure  here is a codesetup.pycode filep  precodefrom distutils.core import setup import py2exe  options py2exeincludes[sip,PyQt4.QtGui,PyQt4.QtCore,meteo],dllexcludes [MSVCP90.dll, HID.DLL, w9xpopen.exe]  setupwindow[table.py],optionsoptions codepre  pHow to make it visiblep
Negative 387 pIm learning PHP and I hoping you can explain why the author of a shopping cart tutorial has done this in a call to add a product to a cart.p  precodeifissetGET[action] ampamp GET[action]add codepre  pThe site checks that codeGET[action]code is set and that codeGET[action]code is equal to add before processing but isnt this functionally equivalent to justp  precodeifGET[action]add codepre  pBecause if the value is add it stronghasstrong to be set, and if its not set it cant possibly be add right Or am I missing somethingp
Negative 387 pIn my program, I have a data structure called codeFoocode. One part of the program constructs codeFoocode from a set of parameters and so need access to mutative methods. Another part of the program will only read from codeFoocode and so should not have access to mutative methods.p  pWhat is the best way to accomplish this, or am I taking the wrong view of how classes should work Ive used this way in the pastp  precodeclass FooR  public     int read  return x  protected     int x   class FooRW  public FooR      void mutateint nx  x  nx   codepre  pBut this way feels like youre abusing inheritance and I think it  might cause confusion to have two very similarly named classes in two parts of the program. Are there better ways Can you use codeconstcode in some tricky wayp  pstrongEDITstrong  jens pointed out that using codeconstcode references in the readonly part of the program should work, which made me realize its important to know that my data structure is actually a tree, something likep  precodeclass Foo  public     void splitNode     Foo getChildint n const  const Foo private     Foo children[2]  codepre  pIs there a way of forcing a codeconst Foocode to return only codeconstcode references to its childrenp
Negative 387 pI am using Nutch 2.3 version to crawl data. I have to add a plugin in Nutch. I have search from web. I have found some guide from web e.g. a hrefhttpwiki.apache.orgnutchWritingPluginExample relnofollowwiki.apache.orga. But it is for older version of Nutch 1.x.p  pHow Ill do it please elaborate it as I am new in this field p
Negative 387 pIm trying to explode a string that has more than 1 newline. More specifically, 2 newlines, and Im not sure how to do it. For examplep  precodetext   text1  text2  text3   text  explodePHPEOL, text codepre  pThere would be some empty indexes in the array after this. I need to explode at 2 newlines instead of one. How do I do thatp
Negative 387 pI am attempting to pass codeCythoncode instance class object as an argument to codeCcode function  so it can make a callback to its method.p  pThis is what I have triedp  sample.c  precodeinclude python.h  void cfuncPyObject obj     PyGILStateSTATE gstate     gstate  PyGILStateEnsure       Dictionary Object  can be of any dynamic type       PyObject dictobj  PyDictNew     PyObject key  PyUnicodeFromStringaveragerun     PyObject val  PyLongFromLong45445     PyDictSetItemdictobj, key, val       Make a callback       PyObjectCallMethodobj, funca, d, dictobj      PyGILStateReleasegstate  codepre  pysample.pxd  precodecdef extern from sample.h     void cfuncobject obj  cdef class Testobject     cdef funcaself, object dictobj codepre  pysample.pyx  precodecimport pysample from pysample cimport Test  cdef class Testobject     cdef funcaself, object dictobj         printdictobj      def runtestself          Here I make a call to the C function         pysample.cfuncself codepre  pUnfortunately the callback from codeCcode doesnt work. Can you spot what I am doing wrong or suggest a fix to this p
Negative 387 pbExplanationb I have a viewcontroller that contains a NavigationBar and a UIWebView. The webview is set to full screen in the .m file. On the viewcontroller, the navigationbar is arranged to the front.p  pbWhat happensb When I run the app, the only thing that is visible is the webview full screen but the navigation bar is not there.p  pbWhats suppose to happenb This is selfexplanatory but the navigationbar is suppose to be at the top with webview under it.p  pbWhat it looks likebp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comMMlZ1.pngimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comMMlZ1.png altenter image description hereap  pb.m filebp  precodeimport SecondViewController.h  interface ViewController2   end  implementation ViewController2   voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]       Do any additional setup after loading the view, typically from a nib.       UIWebView webview2[[UIWebView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMake0, 0,  self.view.frame.size.width,self.view.frame.size.height]     NSString url2httpbithumor.coservertrendingindex1.php     NSURL nsurl2[NSURL URLWithStringurl2]      NSURLRequest nsrequest2[NSURLRequest requestWithURLnsurl2]      [webview2 loadRequestnsrequest2]      webview2.scrollView.bounces  NO      [self.view addSubviewwebview2]  end codepre  pb.h file bp  precodeimport ltUIKitUIKit.hgt   interface ViewController2  UIViewController  end codepre  pbIssueQuestionb The navigationbar isnt visible, how can this be fixed so both the webview and navigationbar are visiblep
Negative 387 pI am attempting to create a GUI using Python classes.  Because Im new to Python, Im still learning to troubleshoot my errors.  Below, I wish to create a class called PlotSeismo, and create a GUI that has a listbox, a quit button, and a Plot button.  I am having trouble with the Plotbutton within the class.  What I want this button to do is read in the seismogram and then plot the selected seismogram from the listbox.  I have a feeling my syntax is incorrect due to my naivete.  I can get this to work when this function isnt in a class, but when I put it in a class as a method, I get slightly confused. The error message is shown below p  precodeusrbinenv python from Tkinter import  from obspy.core import read import math   class PlotSeismo     def initself, parent         self.master  parent         top  Frameparent, width500, height300         top.packsidetop           create frame to hold the first widget row         hwframe  Frametop          this frame row is packed from top to bottom in the top frame         hwframe.packsidetop          create label in the frame         font  times 18 bold         hwtext  Labelhwframe, textSeismogram Reader GUI, fontArial,18,bold, fgred         hwtext.packsidetop           ListBox         List1  Listboxroot, width50, height 10         List1.insert1,trace1.BHZ         List1.insert2,trace2.BHZ         List1.packpadx20, pady20           plotbutton  Buttontop, textPlot Seismogram, commandself.plotseis         plotbutton.packsidetop, anchorw, padx45, pady20         self.event  readList1.getList1.curselection[0]           finally, make a quit button and a binding of q to quit         quitbutton  Buttontop, textQuit SeismoReader GUI, commandself.quit         quickbutton.packsidetop, anchorw, padx20, pady20         self.master.bindltqgt, self.quit      def quitself, eventNone         self.master.quit      def plotseisself, eventNone         self.event.plot  root  Tk PlotSeismo  PlotSeismoroot root.mainloop  Error Message Traceback most recent call last   File plotseismogram.py, line 46, in ltmodulegt     PlotSeismo  PlotSeismoroot   File plotseismogram.py, line 31, in init     self.event  readList1.getList1.curselection[0] IndexError tuple index out of range codepre
Negative 387 pI have compiled nwipe open source utility in Centos. Once compiled it works absolutely fine on the machine where it was compiled. I have also copied the compiled package to another machine running Centos along with required libraries and it works fine. p  pI have tried to package this utility to work with Busybox RAMBOX embedded linux. The purpose of this utility is to PXEBoot the workstations via TFTP and auto wipe all the harddrives. p  pIn order to achieve this, I have used Linux kernel from Centos netboot CD and downloaded the busybox, copied nwipe utility that I compiled on another Centos development server.p  pI also copied all the required libraries. See below.p  pwhen I do ldd nwipe. It shows the dependencies for the libraries. p  precode[rootlocalhost src] ldd nwipe         linuxgate.so.1 gt  0x00a78000         libpthread.so.0 gt liblibpthread.so.0 0x00650000         libparted.so.2 gt usrliblibparted.so.2 0x007fd000         libpanel.so.5 gt usrliblibpanel.so.5 0x00dd0000         libncurses.so.5 gt liblibncurses.so.5 0x006db000         libc.so.6 gt liblibc.so.6 0x004b0000         libtinfo.so.5 gt liblibtinfo.so.5 0x007e2000         libldlinux.so.2 0x0048a000         libuuid.so.1 gt liblibuuid.so.1 0x0025b000         libdl.so.2 gt liblibdl.so.2 0x00649000         libdevmapper.so.1.02 gt liblibdevmapper.so.1.02 0x0073c000         libselinux.so.1 gt liblibselinux.so.1 0x006ba000         libsepol.so.1 gt liblibsepol.so.1 0x00a2e000         libudev.so.0 gt liblibudev.so.0 0x0066d000 codepre  pso I copied all these libraries dependencies to the busybox lib usrlib folders. p  pFinally I compiled the busybox and used cpio and gzip to get the initrd.img file. p  pThen I use centos netboot kernel 2.6 and initrd.img to pxeboot the workstation. Everything works fine, I can use all the busybox basic linux commands. But when I execute .nwipe it does not work. It simply shows the shell prompt again. p  precode .nwipe  codepre  psee below the content of my init file.p  precodebinsh  Mount things needed by this script mount t proc proc proc mount t sysfs sysfs sys  Disable kernel messages from popping onto the screen echo 0 gt procsyskernelprintk  Clear the screen clear  Create all the symlinks to binbusybox busybox install s  Create device nodes mknod devnull c 1 3 mknod devtty c 5 0 mdev s  Function for parsing command line options with  in them  getoptinitsbininit will return sbininit getopt          echo   cut d  f 2   Defaults initsbininit rootdevhda1  Process command line options for i in cat proccmdline do         case i in                 root                         rootgetopt i                                          init                         initgetopt i                                  esac done Mount the root device mount root newroot  Check if init exists and is executable if [[ x newrootinit ]]  then         Unmount all other mounts so that the ram used by         the initramfs can be cleared after switchroot         umount sys proc          Switch to the new root and execute init         exec switchroot newroot init fi  This will only be run if the exec above failed echo Failed to switchroot, dropping to a shell exec sh codepre  pCould someone please help me what I have to do to fix this p  pHow I can run my compiled software with busyboxp  pThanks well in advance for reading this post.p
Negative 387 pI have a header.vm, in which I have a variable named tableHeight and I want to use the value of this tableHeight variable in different .vm file. I am able to extract the value in header.vm using below codesp  precodeset resultGroup  resultFields.getChildfieldgroup set tableHeight  resultGroup.getAttributetableHeight.getValue codepre  pand in another file I am using codeparseheader.vmcode  and trying to use tableHeight but its not having the valuep
Negative 387 pIm trying to create a custom viewpager inside custom scroll viewthat dynamically wraps the current childs height.p  precodepackage com.example.vihaan.dynamicviewpager  import android.content.Context import android.util.AttributeSet import android.view.GestureDetector import android.view.MotionEvent import android.widget.ScrollView             Created by vihaan on 1915.           public class CustomScrollView extends ScrollView           private GestureDetector mGestureDetector          public CustomScrollViewContext context, AttributeSet attrs              supercontext, attrs             mGestureDetector  new GestureDetectorcontext, new YScrollDetector             setFadingEdgeLength0                   Override         public boolean onInterceptTouchEventMotionEvent ev              return super.onInterceptTouchEventev                     ampamp mGestureDetector.onTouchEventev                    Return false if were scrolling in the x direction         class YScrollDetector extends GestureDetector.SimpleOnGestureListener              Override             public boolean onScrollMotionEvent e1, MotionEvent e2,                                     float distanceX, float distanceY                  return Math.absdistanceY gt Math.absdistanceX                            codepre  pCustomPagerp  precode   Created by vihaan on 1915.   public class CustomPager extends ViewPager       public CustomPager Context context          supercontext           public CustomPager Context context, AttributeSet attrs          supercontext, attrs           Override     public void onMeasureint widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec          super.onMeasurewidthMeasureSpec, heightMeasureSpec          boolean wrapHeight  MeasureSpec.getModeheightMeasureSpec  MeasureSpec.ATMOST          final View tab  getChildAt0         int width  getMeasuredWidth         int tabHeight  tab.getMeasuredHeight          if wrapHeight               Keep the current measured width.             widthMeasureSpec  MeasureSpec.makeMeasureSpecwidth, MeasureSpec.EXACTLY                   int fragmentHeight  measureFragmentFragment getAdapter.instantiateItemthis, getCurrentItem.getView         heightMeasureSpec  MeasureSpec.makeMeasureSpectabHeight  fragmentHeight  int TypedValue.applyDimensionTypedValue.COMPLEXUNITDIP, 50, getResources.getDisplayMetrics, MeasureSpec.ATMOST          super.onMeasurewidthMeasureSpec, heightMeasureSpec           public int measureFragmentView view          if view  null             return 0          view.measure0, 0         return view.getMeasuredHeight       codepre  pMyPagerAdapterp  precodepublic class MyPagerAdapter extends FragmentPagerAdapter       private ListltFragmentgt fragments      public MyPagerAdapterFragmentManager fm          superfm         this.fragments  new ArrayListltFragmentgt         fragments.addnew FirstFragment         fragments.addnew SecondFragment         fragments.addnew ThirdFragment         fragments.addnew FourthFragment           Override     public Fragment getItemint position          return fragments.getposition           Override     public int getCount          return fragments.size       codepre  pI was hoping that this would wrap around current fragments height but it is only taking the height of first child into consideration.p  pSample github project  a hrefhttpsgithub.comVihaanVerma89DynamicViewPagerhttpsgithub.comVihaanVerma89DynamicViewPagerap
Negative 387 pI am trying to have all my headers, text etc. in the same position no matter how much content I have in a section. My idea is to fix the codesectioncode size to be the same as codeslidecode and then position my headers etc. percentwise in the section.p  pIm sure Im missing an easy fix but I havent understood how to make the section the same size as slide, setting codeheight inheritcode or codeheight 100code in reveal.css doesnt seem to work section becomes too high, while specifiying the width in that way works.p  pCan anyone helpp
Negative 387 pIm using fullcalendar. When I click an event a modal opens where you can choose to delete the event.p  pWhen I click delete, the event is deleted and a phpscript is launched which will create a file on ftp to sync with another program. This works fine. When I click delete on the next event. The php script creates two files. the first one again and a new one.p  pWhen I click delete on the third event, The php script creates 3... and so on. If I refresh the page between deleting two events there is no problem.p  pI use codeid  POST[id]code to get the id from the event in the php script.p  pThis is the code I use in fullcalendarp  precodeeventClick  functionevent, delta                  modalTitle.htmlevent.title                 modalBody.html   Start   momentevent.start.formathmm  ltbrgt                                          Stop   momentevent.stop.formathmm  ltbrgtltbrgt                                          Locatie   event.location  ltbrgtltbrgt                                          Info ltbrgt  event.description  ltbrgtltbrgt                                          ltbgtDebug infoltbgt ltbrgt                                                     Event id   event.id ltbrgt                                                     Resource id   event.resourceId ltbrgt                                                     Last modified   momentevent.datelastmodified.formatYYYYMMDD hmmss                                                      eventUrl.attrhref,event.url                 deleteEventBtn.clickfunction                                                           calendar.fullCalendarremoveEvents,event.id external event, therefore using event.id                                                         .ajax                                                                 url deleteevents.php,                                                                 data ampid event.id ,                                                                 type POST,                                                                 success functionjson    refresh calendar on success                                                                                         calendar.fullCalendar refetchEvents                                                                                              alertUpdated Successfully                                                                                         ,                                                                 error functionjson      refresh calendar on error                                                                                         calendar.fullCalendar refetchEvents                                                                                          ,                                                                 statusCode 404 function alert deleteevents.php niet gevonden. De wijziging wordt niet opgeslagen. ,                                                                                                                                       DeleteEventModal.modal         , codepre  pI discoverd another problem. When I click on an event the modal opens. When I click close to close the modal en click on the next event and choose to delete both events are erased.p  pstrongEDITstrong I think I need some code like this onep  precodeltscriptgt function DeleteEventModal.onhidden.bs.modal, function       DeleteEventModal .modalbody.html  ltscriptgt codepre  pThis code deletes the htmlbody, I need for it to clear the event id. Everytime I click an event the codeevent.idcode is added to the cache. When I click delete. Every event with cached event.id is deleted instead of only the last event clicked.p
Negative 387 pReally new with symfony, coming from yii.p  pI cant insert userid into another table with a ManyToOne relationship.  When I get entity of the table that I want to insert of the id, I used codeengtsetUseruseridcodep  pThe outcome is codeSQLSTATE[23000] Integrity constraint violation 1048 Column userid cannot be nullcodep  pbut when I do codevardumpuseridcode there is an id.  So how can I insert userid with a many to one relationshipp  pstrong[update]strong emTableUser Entityemp  precodeltphp namespace UserBundleRegisterBundleEntity use SymfonyComponentValidatorConstraints as Assert use DoctrineORMMapping as ORM    User     ORMTablenameuser, indexesORMIndexnameuserid, columnsuserid   ORMEntity    class User             var integer             ORMColumnnameuserid, typeinteger       ORMId       ORMGeneratedValuestrategyIDENTITY           private userId      public function getUserId              return thisgtuserId       gt codepre  pemTableSomeModel Entityem that has ManytoOne relationship with useridp  precodeltphp namespace Entity use DoctrineORMMapping as ORM    SomeModel     ORMTablenameSomeModel, indexesORMIndexnameuserid, columnsuserid   ORMEntity   class SomeModel             var User             ORMManyToOnetargetEntityUser       ORMJoinColumns         ORMJoinColumnnameuserid, referencedColumnNameuserid                  private user             Set user             param EntityUser user       return App           public function setUserEntityUser user              return thisgtuser                  Get user             return EntityUser            public function getUser              return thisgtuser       codepre  pstrongIn the controllerstrongp  precodeen  new SomeModel vardumpuserid not null engtsetUseruserid always null codepre
Negative 387 pWhich could be the best pattern to execute a function just once when ExpressJS start Any idea I havent found anything in the documentation.p
Negative 387 pI have 2 dropdown lists among which I have applied selection change event to codeExamTypecode dropdown list, but this event is firing on selection change of codeExam Namecode dropdown so  I am not able to retain the selected value of my second dropdown.p  pstrongMy code isstrongp  precodeltaspDropDownList IDddlExamType runatserver CssClasscsslistbox AutoPostBacktrue     EnableViewStatefalse OnSelectedIndexChangedddlExamTypeSelectedIndexChangedgt     ltaspListItem ValueSelectgtSelectltaspListItemgt     ltaspListItem ValueEgtExternalltaspListItemgt     ltaspListItem ValueIgtInternalltaspListItemgt ltaspDropDownListgt  ltaspDropDownList IDddlExamName runatserver CssClasscsslistbox EnableViewStatetruegt ltaspDropDownListgt codepre  pHere is the code behind. Im calling this function in the selection change event of the 1st dropdown.p  precodevoid bindExamName      string ExamType  ddlExamType.SelectedItem.Value.ToString     DataSet ds  DBTask.ExecuteDatasetConfigurationSettings.AppSettings[cms.Web.Global.CfgKeyConnString], ExamGet, ExamType, Convert.ToInt32Session[CollegeId]     ddlExamName.DataSource  ds      ListItem li  new ListItemSelect      ddlExamName.DataTextField  ExamName     ddlExamName.DataValueField  ExamId     ddlExamName.DataBind     ddlExamName.Items.Insert0, li     Session[ds]  ds  codepre  pPage Loadp  precodeif Session[UserId]  null      Response.RedirectIndex.aspx   lblMsg.Text    if Page.IsPostBack      Session[ExamTimeTableId]  0.ToString     cms.BusinessLogicLayer.CourseCollection crs  cms.BusinessLogicLayer.Course.GetEntriesConvert.ToInt32Session[CollegeId]     ddlCourseName.DataSource  crs     ddlCourseName.DataTextField  DegreeCourse     ddlCourseName.DataValueField  CourseId     ddlCourseName.DataBind      ListItem li  new ListItemSelect     ddlCourseName.Items.Insert0, li      DataSet dsFee  DBTask.ExecuteDatasetConfigurationSettings.AppSettings[cms.Web.Global.CfgKeyConnString], AcademicYearGet, Convert.ToInt32Session[CollegeId]     ddlAcademicYear.DataSource  dsFee     ddlAcademicYear.DataTextField  AcademicYear     ddlAcademicYear.DataValueField  AcademicYear     ddlAcademicYear.DataBind     ddlAcademicYear.Items.Insert0, li     dsFee  null      btnSave.Visible  false     btnCancel.Visible  false  codepre
Negative 387 pIm trying to login to a forum using a python scriptp  precodeimport requests  params  user myUser, passwrdmyPassword r  requests.posthttpwww.varaderoclubitalia.itclubforumindex.phpactionlogin,dataparams printr.text codepre  pbut the login process fails. I always get the login page. I can not find the problem. Where am I wrongp
Negative 387 pIm storing user profile information in Firebase, which includes a link to an image of the user. I would like to use this image as a background image in a Material Design Card populated using the Polymer firebasecollection element to retrieve the user profile information. I am able to retrieve the user profile image, but am not able to set the background image of the Card to the users profile image by adding a style attribute on the element. Is it possible to use a dynamic image as a background imagep  precodeltdommodule idmyelementgt lttemplategt  ltstylegt  host    display block    media maxwidth 600px     h1.paperfontdisplay1       fontsize 24px        .democardsquare.mdlcard     width 280px    height 320px    .democardsquare gt .mdlcardtitle     color 000    .circleimage     borderradius 50    width 60    height 80    margin auto     paddingtop 14px    ltstylegt   ltfirebasecollection   locationmyFirebaseLocation   orderbychilddisplayName   datausersgt  ltfirebasecollectiongt   lttemplate isdomrepeat items[[users]]gt   ltdiv classdemocardsquare mdlcard mdlshadow2dpgt    ltdiv classmdlcardtitle mdlcardexpand stylebackgroundurl[[item.0.imageUrl]] center norepeat 46B6ACgt  lt This does not display the image gt     lth2 classmdlcardtitletextgt[[item.0.displayName]]lth2gt     ltimg src[[item.0.imageUrl]] classcircleimageltgt lt This works gt    ltdivgt    ltdiv classmdlcardsupportingtextgt     ltspangt[[item.0.occupation]]ltspangt    ltdivgt    ltdiv classmdlcardactions mdlcardbordergt     lta classmdlbutton mdlbuttoncolored mdljsbutton mdljsrippleeffectgt      View Profile     ltagt    ltdivgt   ltdivgt  lttemplategt lttemplategt  ltscriptgt function    Polymer     is myelement,      properties        users          type Array,                  ltscriptgt ltdommodulegt codepre
Negative 387 pSo I used Parse to implement loginsignup function for my app. I customized PFLogInViewController and PFSignUpViewControllers appearance with the following code. p  precodeoverride func viewDidAppearanimated Bool      super.viewDidAppearanimated      if PFUser.currentUser  nil          self.loginVC.fields  PFLogInFieldsrawValue PFLogInFields.UsernameAndPassword.rawValue  PFLogInFields.LogInButton.rawValue              PFLogInFields.SignUpButton.rawValue  PFLogInFields.PasswordForgotten.rawValue  PFLogInFields.DismissButton.rawValue  PFLogInFields.Facebook.rawValue          var logInLogoTitle  UILabel         logInLogoTitle.text  My custom title         self.loginVC.logInView.logo  logInLogoTitle         self.loginVC.delegate  self         self.loginVC.facebookPermissions  [publicprofile, email, userfriends]          var signupLogoTitle  UILabel         signupLogoTitle.text  Create new account         self.signupVC.signUpView.logo  signupLogoTitle         self.signupVC.delegate  self         self.loginVC.signUpController  self.signupVC        codepre  pI also created a login button and added the following func as its target so when it gets pressed the PFLogInViewController will be presented.p  precodefunc loginPressed      self.presentViewControllerself.loginVC, animated true, completion nil  codepre  pThe problem is whenever I ran the program again on the simulator or my iPhone after it was launched for the first time, PFLogInViewController and PFSignUpViewControllers appearance would both turn into the default look with the big Parse label and default login options. I have to delete the app on the simulator or my iPhone to make the customized view controllers appear. Does anyone know what exactly went wrong herep
Negative 387 pAccording to the a hrefhttpphp.netmanualenbook.v8js.php relnofollowofficial guidea, I know that I can run a JavaScript code as a serverside language. And, I can install this runtimeengine on my own [XAMPP] server a hrefhttpsourceforge.netprojectsxampp relnofollowhttpsourceforge.netprojectsxamppa, too.p  hr  pNow, I want to use this runtime as a serverside language, on SourceForge web hosting. So, I have searched on Google, to find the some ways to install a hrefhttpspecl.php.netpackagev8js relnofollowV8JSa but, there is no.p  pIs possible to install a hrefhttpspecl.php.netpackagev8js relnofollowV8JSa on SourceForge web hosting And if it is possible, please show me the the way to do it.p  hr  pI am using strongWindows XPstrong for my work.p
Negative 387 pI have a simple situation which probably require a complex way to be solved but Im unsure of it.p  pBasically I have this object which encapsulated a member functionp  precodetemplateltclass T, typename R, typename... ARGSgt class MemberFunction  private   using functiontype  R TARGS...    functiontype function  public   MemberFunctionfunctiontype function  functionfunction      void callT object, ARGSampamp... args        objectgtfunctionargs...        codepre  pThis can be used easilyp  precodeMemberFunctionltFoo, int, int, intgt functionampFooadd Foo foo int res  function.callampfoo, 10,20 codepre  pThe problem is that I would like to call it by passing through a custom environment which uses a stack of values to operate this method, this translates to the following codep  precodeint arg2  stack.pop.asltintgt int arg1  stack.pop.asltintgt Foo object  stack.pop.asltFoogt int ret  function.callobject, arg1, arg2 stack.pushValueint codepre  pThis is easy to do directly in code but Id like to find a way to encapsulate this behavior directly into codeMemberFunctioncode class by exposing a single codevoid callStackamp stackcode method which does the work for me to obtain something likep  precodeMemberFunctionltFoo, int, int, intgt functionampFooadd Stack stack stack.pushValuenew Foo stack.push10 stack.push20 function.callstack assertstack.pop.asltintgt  Foo.add10,20 codepre  pBut since Im new to variadic templates I dont know how could I do in efficiently and elegantly.p  h3EDIT Adding specifics about Stack and StackValueh3  pthe stack Im talking about is a wrapper around a codestdstackltStackValuegtcode which provides template methods to push and pop elements, something likep  precodestruct StackValue    union        float fvalue     s32 ivalue     bool bvalue     FloatPair fpair     IntPair ipair     void ptr       templatelttypename Tgt T as   templatelttypename Tgt StackValueT type    StackValue     templateltgt inline StackValueStackValuefloat f  fvaluef   templateltgt inline StackValueStackValues32 i  ivaluei   ...  templateltgt inline float StackValueasltfloatgt  return fvalue  templateltgt inline s32 StackValueaslts32gt  return ivalue  ...  class Stack  private   stdstackltStackValuegt stack  public   StackValueamp peek  return stack.top    StackValue pop  StackValue v  stack.top stack.pop return v    void pushStackValue value  stack.pushvalue     templatelttypename Tgt void pushValueT value  stack.pushStackValuevalue    templatelttypename Tgt T popValue        StackValue v  stack.top.asltTgt       stack.pop       return v     codepre
Negative 387 pController Codep  precodeRequestMappingvaluedisplayParentCategory.html, method  RequestMethod.GET     public void mapDataParentCategoryHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response throws IOException                   ListltParentCategorygt listParentCategory  adminService.getAllParentCategory         forParentCategory c  listParentCategory             System.out.println  c.getParentCategoryDescription                  JQueryDataTableParamModel param  DataTablesParamUtility.getParamrequest         String sEcho  param.sEcho         int iTotalRecords  total number of records unfiltered         int iTotalDisplayRecordsvalue will be set when code filters ParentCategory by keyword                 Gson gson  new Gson          iTotalRecords  listParentCategory.size         ListltParentCategorygt list  new LinkedListltParentCategorygt         forParentCategory c  listParentCategory             if                  c.getParentCategoryName.toLowerCase.containsparam.sSearch.toLowerCase                                  c.getParentCategoryDescription.toLowerCase.containsparam.sSearch.toLowerCase                                                   list.addc  add ParentCategory that matches given search criterion                               iTotalDisplayRecords  list.size number of ParentCategory that match search criterion should be returned          final int sortColumnIndex  param.iSortColumnIndex         final int sortDirection  param.sSortDirection.equalsasc  1  1          Collections.sortlist, new ComparatorltParentCategorygt              public int compareParentCategory e1, ParentCategory e2                   switchsortColumnIndex                 case 0                     return e1.getParentCategoryName.compareToe2.getParentCategoryName  sortDirection                 case 1                     return e1.getParentCategoryDescription.compareToe2.getParentCategoryDescription  sortDirection                                                                 return 0                                iflist.sizelt param.iDisplayStart  param.iDisplayLength              list  list.subListparam.iDisplayStart, list.size          else              list  list.subListparam.iDisplayStart, param.iDisplayStart  param.iDisplayLength                   try               JsonObject jsonResponse  new JsonObject             jsonResponse.addPropertysEcho, sEcho             jsonResponse.addPropertyiTotalRecords, iTotalRecords             jsonResponse.addPropertyiTotalDisplayRecords, iTotalDisplayRecords             jsonResponse.addaaData, gson.toJsonTreelist             response.setContentTypeapplicationJson             response.getWriter.printjsonResponse.toString          catch JsonIOException e              e.printStackTrace             response.setContentTypetexthtml             response.getWriter.printe.getMessage                codepre  pDaoImpl Codep  precodeAutowired     private SessionFactory sessionFactory      public SessionFactory getSessionFactory          return sessionFactory           public void setSessionFactorySessionFactory sessionFactory          this.sessionFactory  sessionFactory           public ListltParentCategorygt getParentCategoryList          Session session  sessionFactory.openSession         Session session  sessionFactory.getCurrentSession         String queryString  select distinctd from ParentCategory d          ListltParentCategorygt parentCategoryList  session.createQueryqueryString.list         session.close         if parentCategoryList.size gt 0             return parentCategoryList         else              return null      codepre  pError gettingp  precodeSEVERE Servlet.service for servlet [dispatcher] in context with path [] threw exception [Request processing failed nested exception is org.hibernate.LazyInitializationException failed to lazily initialize a collection of role com.knockoutjs.model.ParentCategory.category, no session or session was closed] with root cause org.hibernate.LazyInitializationException failed to lazily initialize a collection of role com.knockoutjs.model.ParentCategory.category, no session or session was closed codepre  pif commenting session.close p  precodepublic ListltParentCategorygt getParentCategoryList          Session session  sessionFactory.openSession         Session session  sessionFactory.getCurrentSession         String queryString  select distinctd from ParentCategory d          ListltParentCategorygt parentCategoryList  session.createQueryqueryString.list         session.close         if parentCategoryList.size gt 0             return parentCategoryList         else              return null      codepre  pI endup with this below errorp  precodecom.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.writeTypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.java68     at com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory1.writeReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java99     at com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactoryAdapter.writeReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java219     at com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.writeTypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.java68     at com.google.gson.internal.bind.CollectionTypeAdapterFactoryAdapter.writeCollectionTypeAdapterFactory.java96     at com.google.gson.internal.bind.CollectionTypeAdapterFactoryAdapter.writeCollectionTypeAdapterFactory.java60     at com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.writeTypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.java68     at com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory1.writeReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java99     at com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactoryAdapter.writeReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java219     at com.google.gson.GsonFutureTypeAdapter.writeGson.java899 codepre  pWorking with the above code getting error is trying to change code, getting some other error, Could some one please help to solve this issue. Thankyou in advancep
Negative 387 pSo far I have these two functionsp  precodesplitLines  String gt [[String]] splitLines splitLinesStr  splitWords lines splitLinesStr  splitWords  [String] gt [[String]] splitWords splitWordStr  map words splitWordStr codepre  pBoth work to aid in completing step 13. However I do not know how to how to create a tuple of an int and a list within a list as stated by step 4. How would one go about doing thisp  hr  pstage 1 the original input, for example,p  precodeaampb b c.na ddn codepre  pstage 2 the original input, split into a list of lines, as inp  precode[aampb b c., a dd] codepre  pstage 3 the list of lines, split further into a list of list of words, as inp  precode[[a, b, b, c], [a, dd]] codepre  pstage 4 the list of lists, tupled so that line numbers are attached to them, as in p  precode[1,[a, b, b, c], 2,[a, dd]] codepre  pstage 5 the list of words all at the top level where each is paired with its line number, as inp  precode[1,a, 1,b, 1,b, 1,c, 2,a, 2,dd] codepre
Negative 387 pI am using codeIPython 1.2.1code on codeUbuntu 14.04code. p  pI have checked all the settings and profile preferences, but I cannot find a command which would prompt each time I close the window. p  pstrongI would like to know how I can make IPython prompt me each time before I close the terminalstrong p  pSometimes by mistake I close the terminal and every graph that was opened by the terminal get lost. p
Negative 387 pIm having some trouble getting my Merge Sort function to work with the specifications given to me by my professor. Been staring at VS and Google for an eternity trying to figure this guy out.p  pThe algorithm providedp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comknrlo.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comknrlo.png altenter image description hereap  parrayFunctions.hp  precodetemplateltclass Tgt void printArrayT arr[], int numElements      cout ltlt       for int i  0 i lt numElements i               cout ltlt arr[i]          if i lt numElements  1             cout ltlt ,            cout ltlt  ltlt nn   template ltclass Tgt void setArrayT to[], T from[], int size      for int i  0 i lt size i         to[i]  from[i]   template ltclass Tgt void setArrayT to[], T from[], int size1, int size2      int size  size1     if size2 lt size1 size  size2      setArrayto, from, size  codepre  pmainp  precodeconst int NUM  5  int originalArray[NUM]   4, 2, 5, 3, 1  int newArray[NUM]  cout ltlt Originaln printArrayoriginalArray, NUM prints an array with formatting   Merge Sort setArraynewArray, originalArray, NUM sets newArray to the same values of originalArray mergeSortnewArray, 0, NUM  1  cout ltlt Merge Sortn printArraynewArray, NUM  pause codepre  pThe output when running main isp  pOriginal 4, 2, 5, 3, 1 p  pMerge Sort 0, 0, 0, 33686019, 1p  pmergep  precodetemplate ltclass Tgt void mergeT L[], int lowerBound, int mid, int upperBound       Get size for new arrays     int size1  mid  lowerBound     int size2  upperBound  mid       Create Temporary Arrays     T  tmp1  new T[size1  1]     T  tmp2  new T[size2  1]        Populate both arrays from original     for int i  0 i lt size1 i         tmp1[i]  L[lowerBound  i]      for int j  0 j lt size2 j         tmp2[j]  L[mid  j]      tmp1[size1]  numericlimitsltTgtmax     tmp2[size2]  numericlimitsltTgtmax      int i  0     int j  i      for int k  lowerBound k lt upperBound k              if tmp1[i] lt tmp2[j]                      L[k]  tmp1[i]             i                  else                      L[k]  tmp2[j]             j                    delete[] tmp1     delete[] tmp2  codepre  pmergeSortp  precodetemplateltclass Tgt void mergeSortT L[], int lowerBound, int upperBound      if lowerBound lt upperBound              int mid  lowerBound  upperBound  2          mergeSortL, lowerBound, mid         mergeSortL, mid  1, upperBound          mergeL, lowerBound, mid, upperBound       codepre  pSo... what am I doing wrong A bump in the right direction would be GREATLY appreciated.p
Negative 387 pAfter upgrading to codeXcode 7.0code, I convert all project to codeSwift 2.0code. But I cant update codeCarthagecode libraries. I get this warningp  blockquote   pFailed to load plugin at UsersAlexandrLibraryApplication   SupportDeveloperSharedXcodePluginsCocoaPodUI.xcplugin, skipping.   Reason for failure  [NSPlaceholderDictionary   initWithObjectsforKeyscount] attempt to insert nil object from   objects[0]p blockquote  pAnd several errorsp  blockquote   pBoxBox.swift637 error Printable has been renamed to   CustomStringConvertible BoxBox.swift3110 error toString has   been renamed to String BoxMutableBox.swift851 error Printable   has been renamed to CustomStringConvertible   BoxMutableBox.swift2510 error toString has been renamed to   Stringp blockquote  pHow can I use codeSwift 2.0code version of frameworks My carthage file looks likep  precodegithub AlamofireAlamofire  github SwiftyJSONSwiftyJSON  github ReactiveCocoaReactiveCocoa codepre  pAdd swift 2.0 in the end of framwork didnt work.p  precode xcodebuild version Xcode 7.0 Build version 7A220  carthage version 0.9.1 codepre  h2Edith2  pSeams codeAlamofirecode and codeSwiftyJSONcode already supports codeSwift 2.0code. For codeReactiveCocoacode we need add branch swift2.p  precodegithub AlamofireAlamofire github SwiftyJSONSwiftyJSON github ReactiveCocoaReactiveCocoa swift2 codepre
Negative 387 pIs there an easy way to get to the codeSyntaxTreecode of the document in which a specific codeTypeSyntaxcode is definedp  pI can get the codeIdentifiercode property whenever the codeTypeSyntaxcode is codeIdentifierNameSyntaxcode but I still cant get a secure way to visit the codeSyntaxTreecode of the Type.p  pUpdatep  pHeres what I currently have p  precodevar right  exp.Right as ObjectCreationExpressionSyntax                     if right  null                          Compilation comp                         if comp  activeProject.GetCompilationAsync.Result  null                              bool cst  comp.ContainsSyntaxTreeright.Type.SyntaxTree                             var semanticModel  comp.GetSemanticModelright.Type.SyntaxTree                             var typeInfo  semanticModel.GetTypeInforight.Type                             Console.WriteLine                             var c  comp.GetSemanticModelcomp                             var model  c.GetTypeInforight.Type as TypeSyntax                             var v  model.Type.DeclaringSyntaxReferences                                               codepre
Negative 387 pI wish to be able to have multiple out of office like automatic replies on my email without having to manually turn it on or off all the time.p  pFor example I would like to setup a schedule say Monday  Friday where I am sending automatic replies between 912 and 14.  Is this possible in Microsoft  Office 365 Outlookp
Negative 387 pI am trying to setup a user authentication system using accountsfacebook in a Meteor Project. It seems to working properly. The only issue is after successfully logging out the user, it automatically login the user when I click the login button. I want the user to always type in their credentials after logging out.p  pHere is my template.login.events if it is even relevant to the problemp  precodeTemplate.login.events click facebooklogin functionevent      Meteor.loginWithFacebook, functionerr         if err              throw new Meteor.ErrorFacebook login failed         else           Router.gocoupon               ,  click logout functionevent      Meteor.logoutfunctionerr         if err              throw new Meteor.ErrorLogout failed         else           Router.gohome                   codepre
Negative 387 pCould someone explain why friend  friend is necessarily in this flask functionp  precodeapp.route def index     friends  mysql.fetchSELECT  FROM friends     return rendertemplateindex.html, friendsfriends codepre
Negative 387 pI have a situation where i am using background fetch to call my data sync process, As the sync function is a heavy task, it is executed in a background thread.p  phere is my code,p  precodefunc applicationapplication UIApplication, performFetchWithCompletionHandler completionHandler UIBackgroundFetchResult gt Void      printBackground Fetch     Utilities.syncCompleted  false  declared as gt static var syncCompletedBool  false     BackgroundSync.startSync  heavy background task, and iam updating [Utilities.syncCompleted  true on thread completion     while Utilities.syncCompleted  false          NSThread.sleepForTimeInterval1  sleep for sometime          if Utilities.syncCompleted         completionHandlerUIBackgroundFetchResult.NewData     else          completionHandlerUIBackgroundFetchResult.NoData       codepre  pNow i have some questions p  ol lipAs background fetch is of 30 sec, if my task is not completed in 30 sec then what happens, because i wont be able to set completionHandler to .NoData or .Failurepli lipIs there is any default completionHandler value which is set like .NoData if developer does not specify in 30 sec.pli lipIs there any other better way to do this.pli ol  pThanks in advancep
Negative 387 pI tried to simulate keystroke to control game in ePSXe emulator by sending scancode via SendInput function with golang with code shown below.p  precodeimport    github.comAllenDangw32   func sendScanCodescancode uint16    var inputs []w32.INPUT   inputs  appendinputs, w32.INPUT     Type w32.INPUTKEYBOARD,     Ki w32.KEYBDINPUT       WVk         0,       WScan       scancode,       DwFlags     KEYEVENTFKEYDOWN  KEYEVENTFSCANCODE,       Time        0,       DwExtraInfo 0,     ,       inputs  appendinputs, w32.INPUT     Type w32.INPUTKEYBOARD,     Ki w32.KEYBDINPUT       WVk         0,       WScan       scancode,       DwFlags     KEYEVENTFKEYUP  KEYEVENTFSCANCODE,       Time        0,       DwExtraInfo 0,     ,      w32.SendInputinputs  codepre  peverything works fine with notepad and Dota2 but when I try with ePSXe, it doesnt seems to receive any signal from my program. In my understanding, scancode should simulate at most similar to the real physical keyboard, any idea why this doesnt workp
Negative 387 pWe are using this widget a hrefhttpcaptivatedev.com20120719adobecaptivate6xwidgetgooglelmswithemailreporting relnofollowhttpcaptivatedev.com20120719adobecaptivate6xwidgetgooglelmswithemailreportingap  pSuddenly this morning we realised that it is no longer recording information into our google sheets. It was working fine yesterday. The company that we purchased the widget from has closed down, and I cannot find anyone to contact for support. p  pAny ideas on what might be the issue p
Negative 387 pI have a question. On my site Concrete 5 based I have a block to display a list of icons. I have this array. The array has many more icons than what Ive shown, this is just for an example.p  precode    ltphp  options  array     iconadjust gt Icon Adjust,     iconadjustments gt Icon Adjustments,     iconadn gt Icon Adn,     iconalarmclock gt Icon Alarmclock,     iconaligncenter gt Icon Aligncenter,     iconalignjustify gt Icon Alignjustify,     iconalignleft gt Icon Alignleft,     iconalignright gt Icon Alignright,     iconambulance gt Icon Ambulance,     iconanchor gt Icon Anchor,     iconanchor2 gt Icon Anchor2,  gt codepre  pI want to modify my search box so a user can type in something to filter out results from in the array. Example if they search for anchor, theyd see the two iconanchor fields.p  pCan anyone help me out with how to go about thisp  pHere is my code for future referencep  precode    ltscriptgt input[namefromPages].select2     placeholder lttSearch for a Pagegt,     minimumInputLength 1,     width 100,     multiple true,     ajax          url ltviewgtactionloadpagesgt,         dataType json,         quietMillis 250,         data function term, page              return                  q term                      ,         results function data, page   parse the results into the format expected by Select2.             var results  []             .eachdata, functioni, concretePage                  results.pushid concretePage.id, text concretePage.name                          return                  results results                      ,         cache true       ltscriptgt codepre  pAnd for the select boxp  precodeltdiv classformgroupgt     ltphp echo formgtlabelfromPages, Search for an Icongt     ltdivgt         ltphp echo formgthiddenfromPages gt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pand a picture the top search box would filter results from the opened list a hrefhttpi.imgur.comKsrb7iQ.png1 relnofollowhttpi.imgur.comKsrb7iQ.png1ap
Negative 387 pIm trying to populate below json dynamically in drill down highchart, but data is not populating as expected.p  pI would like to fetch all user and put it in graph and in the drill down of each user ive to show strongsuccess,error,cancel, visit,enroll, uninstallstrongp  pI created rill down highchart with static data, please find the below link belowp  pThis graph is my expected resultp  precodehttpjsfiddle.netjquerybndfk7vgd2 codepre  pstrongMy JSONstrongp  precodevar result    [                userId user1,         success 1,         error 0,         cancel 0,         visit 3,         enroll 2,         uninstall 0       ,                userId user2,         success 2,         error 0,         cancel 0,         visit 4,         enroll 2,         uninstall 0       ,                userId user3,         success 1,         error 0,         cancel 0,         visit 2,         enroll 1,         uninstall 0       ,                userId user4,         success 0,         error 0,         cancel 2,         visit 4,         enroll 2,         uninstall 0            ] codepre  pI tried below code to populate value dynamically in drill down but no luck p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function loadChartresult          var userdata  []         .eachJSON.parseJSON.stringifyresult, functionidx, obj              userdata.push[ name  obj.userId  ,y1]                  var testdata  [  userdata  ]         container.highcharts             chart                  type column             ,             title                  text Basic drilldown             ,             xAxis                  type category             ,             legend                  enabled false             ,             plotOptions                  series                      borderWidth 0,                     dataLabels                          enabled true                                                   ,             series [                 name Things,                 colorByPoint true,                 data testdata             ]                ltscriptgt codepre  pIt would be very grateful if someone can help me to solve this issue. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 387 pI have contact div and I made it sticky with bootstrap affix.p  precodeltdiv idcontactForm dataspyaffix dataoffsettop400gt codepre  pBut how to limit its bottom to next div top. Means, when it reaches tickercontainer div top to stay as it is.the news tickerp  phow can i do itp  pthis is the page with the div a hrefhttpwww.sapbusinessone.co.ilhecompanyaboutmain relnofollowhttpwww.sapbusinessone.co.ilhecompanyaboutmainap  pthanksp
Negative 387 pI have two objects which have OneToOne relation between them strongProjectstrong and strongDonationstrong. strongProjectstrong object relays some logic to strongDonationstrong object that is situated inside strongProjectstrong object emdonationsem table shopuld be filled when emprojectsem is filled.My aim is to make strongDonationstrong object to be persisted when strongProjectstrong is persisted. My classesp  pstrongProject.javastrongp  precodeEntity Tablenameprojects public class Project      private int id     private String name      public Donation donation      public Project       public ProjectString name, Donation donation          this.name  name         this.donation  donation           Id     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.IDENTITY     Columnnameprojectid     public int getId          return id           public void setIdint id          this.id  id          Columnnameprojectname     public String getName          return name           public void setNameString name          this.name  name          OneToOne     JoinColumnname  projectid     public DonationLogic getDonation          return donation           public void setDonationDonationLogic donation          this.donation  donation       codepre  pstrongDonation.classstrongp  precodeEntity Tablenamedonations public class Donation      private int totalAmount     private int daysLeft     private double collectAmount     private int id     private Project project      public Donation       public Donationint totalAmount, int daysLeft          iftotalAmount lt 0  daysLeft lt 0              throw new IllegalArgumentException                  this.totalAmount  totalAmount         this.daysLeft  daysLeft         this.collectAmount  0.0           public Donationint totalAmount, int daysLeft, double collectedamount          iftotalAmount lt 0  daysLeft lt 0              throw new IllegalArgumentException                  this.totalAmount  totalAmount         this.daysLeft  daysLeft         this.collectAmount  collectedamount           Id     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.IDENTITY     Columnnamedonationid     public int getId          return id           OneToOne     JoinColumnnamedonationprojectid     public Project getProject          return project       public void setProjectProject project          this.project  project      other getters setters  codepre  pHere I want to persist strongProjectstrong but with strongDonationstrong as well. But for now it does not work Only emprojectsem table is filled. Not emdonationsem table. Is it possible to persist them simultaneously  emdonationsem table filled when emprojectsem filledp  pstrongMain.javastrongp  precodepublic class Main      public static void mainString[] args          ApplicationContext context  new ClassPathXmlApplicationContextapplicationcontext.xml         SessionFactory sessionfactory  SessionFactory context.getBeansessionFactory         Session session  sessionfactory.getCurrentSession         Transaction tx  session.beginTransaction         Donation donation  new Donation10000, 50         Project project1  new Projectsport arena, arena in Kiev,  donation         session.persistproject1only projects table is persisted. Not donations.   codepre  pIn emdonationsem table foreign key is column emdonationprojectidem. In emprojectsem  primary key emprojectidem.p
Negative 387 pHow to display the uploaded codeProductPhotocode images in a django template in Django 1.8.4p  pFor the following modelsp  precodeclass Productmodels.Model     title  models.CharFieldmaxlength255, nullTrue, blankTrue     description  models.TextFieldnullTrue, blankTrue      def strself         return self.title     def photosself         return ProductPhoto.objects.all  class ProductPhotomodels.Model     photo  models.ImageFielduploadtoimgproduct, nullTrue, blankTrue     product  models.ForeignKeyProduct, relatednamephotos codepre  pWith these settingsp  precodeSTATICROOT  pathtostatic STATICURL  static  MEDIAROOT  pathtomedia MEDIAURL  media codepre  pAnd these urlsp  precodefrom django.conf.urls import include, url from django.conf import settings from django.conf.urls.static import static from django.contrib import admin  urlpatterns  [     urlr, myApp.views.index, nameindex, ]  staticsettings.MEDIAURL, documentrootsettings.MEDIAROOT codepre  hr  pHow do I display the uploaded codeProductPhotocode objects in this templatep  precode for product in productlist      ltdiv idsomedivgt          for photo in product.photos.all          ltdiv classitemgtltimg src MEDIAURL  photo gtltdivgt          endfor      ltdivgt  endfor  codepre  pI thought I was on the right track with code MEDIAURL  photo code but this is incorrect. I also have tried code MEDIAURL  photo.url code but neither is displaying anything on the template. Can someone point me in the right directionp  pThanks for your ideas.p
Negative 387 pI am using ACF repeater field in Wordpress Multisite template. Fields showing in its admin panel and I can add content using back end. But those data not showing in front end. This is my code to retrieve data.p  precodeltphp ifgetfieldhistory gt  ltphp whilehassubfieldhistory gt     ltdiv classcollg3 historygt         lth3gtltphp thesubfieldyear gtlth3gt         ltdiv classdescriptiongtltpgtltphp thesubfielddescription gtltpgtltdivgt     ltdivgt ltphp endwhile gt codepre    pI have 3 sites.p  ol lixxli lixxli lixxli ol  pHow can I show data in front end..p
Negative 387 pIs it possible to record audio using getUserMedia when the HTML page runs inside WKWebView or UIWebView in an iOS appp  pI tried the test page a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20054273recordingaudioinchromeforandroidusingwebaudioapiandnavigatorgetusermlq1Recording audio in Chrome for Android using web audio API and navigator.getUserMediaa, loading it to a codeWKWebViewcode byp  precode voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]     WKWebView w  [WKWebView new]     self.view  w     [w loadRequest[NSURLRequest requestWithURL[NSURL URLWithStringhttpsjsfiddle.netJCFtKembeddedresult]]]  codepre  pbut the record button does not seem to do anything.p  pThen I tried a hrefhttpsgithub.commattdiamondRecorderjs relnofollowRecorder.jsa and loading the sample page. It says codenavigator.getUserMedia not presentcode and I cant continue.p  pSo is there anything I can do to configure codeWKWebViewcode so that it accepts codegetUserMediacode or is it not supported at allp  pP.S. I am a newbie in iOS things.p
Negative 387 pI am trying to send this soap request with Visual Studio.p  pUsing the following wsdl a hrefhttpswww.bisgateway.combrgservicesNRGCompanyReportStandardwsdl relnofollowhttpswww.bisgateway.combrgservicesNRGCompanyReportStandardwsdlap  pWant to send this request to the Web Servicep  precodeltsoapenvEnvelope xmlnssoapenvhttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelope xmlnsbrghttpwww.dnbnordic.combrg xmlnsreqhttpwww.dnbnordic.combrgNRGCompanyReportStandardrequestgt    ltsoapenvHeadergt       ltbrgcustomerReferencegt       ltbrgdeliveryAddressgt       ltbrguserPasswordgt       ltbrguserIdgtyyyyltbrguserIdgt       ltbrgcustomerCodegtxxxxltbrgcustomerCodegt       ltbrgcustomerCodeOwnergtxxxxltbrgcustomerCodeOwnergt       ltreqlanguagegtGBltreqlanguagegt       ltreqfromCountrygtSEltreqfromCountrygt       ltreqtoCountrygtNOltreqtoCountrygt       ltreqincludeEmptyFieldsgtyesltreqincludeEmptyFieldsgt    ltsoapenvHeadergt    ltsoapenvBodygt       ltreqnRGCompanyReportStandardRequestgt          ltreqcriteriagt             ltreqcountryRegNumbergt937340303ltreqcountryRegNumbergt          ltreqcriteriagt       ltreqnRGCompanyReportStandardRequestgt    ltsoapenvBodygt ltsoapenvEnvelopegt codepre
Negative 387 pI was wondering if its possible to conditionally run certain statements in MySQL. Something like thisp  precodeIF EXISTS SELECT  FROM informationschema.columns WHERE TABLENAME  testtable AND COLUMNNAME  userid AND ISNULLABLE  NO  THEN     ALTER TABLE testtable MODIFY userid INT11 NULL END IF codepre  pIve done some googleing and Im not pulling up anything useful or sane. Wondering if Im missing something or if this is just a serious MySQL limitation. p
Negative 387 pI use an iframe on a website to show external websites. Some external websites doesnt allow the representation in a frame. p  pDoes anybody know how I can check the content in the iframe I will check if there is any content presented.p
Negative 387 pAm Venkat and handle the supply chain function for a retail organization. The company do not have a Warehouse Management System and for inventory tracking and visibility of stocks, I have developed an excel VBA application. p  pAll inventory lying in the warehouse are scanned as per the bins. When an order is received, the application verifies location from where the stocks has to be picked. Once the picklist is created, the application allows the update of the inventory. A user form is created for taking the input which will activate either picking or stock update.p  pThe program was working fine till 3 days back when it is slowing down. Total line items are 26000 and update usually happens for 250 line items. The issue is happening in the update where sheet selection and selection of row which is already picked is deleted. Unable to figure out why the system is slowing down not responding and taking huge amount of time.p  pNeed help in resolving the issue as we are dependant on the application.p  pExperts  Please help.  Am pasting the code for your referencep  precodeDim chklength As Integer Dim skulength As Integer Dim chkqty As Integer Dim skucode As String Dim skucode1 As String Dim tempqty As Integer Dim skuquantity1 As Integer Dim quantity As Integer Dim addqty As Integer Dim pickqty As Integer Dim loc As String Dim rackref As String Dim racksku As String   Private Sub CommandButton1Click Sheet1.Select ColumnsAC.Select Selection.Sort Key1RangeA1, Order1xlAscending, Key2RangeB1      , Order2xlAscending, HeaderxlGuess, OrderCustom1, MatchCase      False, OrientationxlTopToBottom Rangea1.Select Sheet3.Cells.ClearContents Sheet2.Select ColumnsAb.Select Selection.Sort Key1RangeA1, Order1xlAscending, Key2RangeB1      , Order2xlAscending, HeaderxlGuess, OrderCustom1, MatchCase      False, OrientationxlTopToBottom Rangea1.Select i  1  skulength  13 While Sheet2.Cellsi, 1 ltgt  And Sheet2.Cellsi, 2 ltgt   chklength  LenSheet2.Cellsi, 1  chkqty  Sheet2.Cellsi, 2  If chklength  skulength And chkqty gt 0 Then  i  i  1 Else  MsgBox  Please Check the DA Loaded  End End If Wend  userform2.Hide  k  1  i  1  j  1  skuquantity  0  quantity  0  While Sheet2.Cellsi, 1 ltgt    skucode  Sheet2.Cellsi, 1   quantity  Sheet2.Cellsi, 2   skuchkqty  0   j  1   While Sheet1.Cellsj, 1 ltgt  And skucode gt Sheet1.Cellsj, 1     skucode1  Sheet1.Cellsj, 1          If skucode  skucode1 Then          And Sheet1.Cellsj, 4 ltgt Y Then                 Do While skucode  Sheet1.Cellsj, 1 And skucode gt Sheet1.Cellsj, 1 And skuquantity lt quantity And Sheet1.Cellsj, 4 ltgt Y                 addqty  Sheet1.Cellsj, 3                     If quantity gt skuquantity  addqty Then                         Sheet3.Cellsk, 1  skucode                         Sheet3.Cellsk, 2  Sheet1.Cellsj, 2                         Sheet3.Cellsk, 3  Sheet1.Cellsj, 3                         Sheet1.Cellsj, 4  Y                         skuquantity  skuquantity  Sheet1.Cellsj, 3                         k  k  1                  Exit Do                         skuchkqty  quantity  skuchkqty                         j  j  1                         k  k  1                     Else                         Sheet3.Cellsk, 1  skucode                         Sheet3.Cellsk, 2  Sheet1.Cellsj, 2                         Sheet3.Cellsk, 3  quantity  skuquantity                         Sheet1.Cellsj, 4  Y                         skuquantity  skuquantity  addqty                         skuchkqty  quantity  skuchkqty                         k  k  1                   Exit Do                         k  k  1                         j  j  1                     End If                 Loop          End If          j  j  1   Wend   skuquantity  0   i  i  1   Wend   End Sub  Private Sub CommandButton3Click Sheet1.Select ColumnsAC.Select Selection.Sort Key1RangeA1, Order1xlAscending, Key2RangeB1      , Order2xlAscending, HeaderxlGuess, OrderCustom1, MatchCase      False, OrientationxlTopToBottom Rangea1.Select userform2.Hide Sheet3.Select ColumnsAC.Select Selection.Sort Key1RangeA1, Order1xlAscending, Key2RangeB1      , Order2xlAscending, HeaderxlGuess, OrderCustom1, MatchCase      False, OrientationxlTopToBottom Rangea1.Select i  1 j  1 While Sheet3.Cellsi, 3 ltgt  j  1 skucode  Sheet3.Cellsi, 1 loc  Sheet3.Cellsi, 2 pickqty  Sheet3.Cellsi, 3     Do While Sheet1.Cellsj, 1 ltgt  And skucode gt Sheet1.Cellsj, 1         rackref  Sheet1.Cellsj, 2         If Sheet1.Cellsj, 1  skucode And rackref  loc And Sheet1.Cellsj, 3  pickqty Then             Sheet1.Select             Sheet1.Cellsj, 1.Select             Selection.EntireRow.Delete     Exit Do         Else             If Sheet1.Cellsj, 1  skucode And rackref  loc And Sheet1.Cellsj, 3 gt pickqty Then                 tempqty  Sheet1.Cellsj, 3                 Sheet1.Cellsj, 3  tempqty  pickqty                 Sheet1.Cellsj, 4       Exit Do             End If         End If     j  j  1     Loop pickqty  0     i  i  1 Wend codepre  pEnd Subp
